They call it semi swanky, I call it fabulous.   They hand make their tortillas.  They use fresh local ingredients.   It's the best I have had.   They have a basic menu weekly.  Plus a daily special something new and exciting each day.   The dolce De Leche milkshake is addicting.   If you are looking for a fun place to eat amazing food, pop in. You will not be disappointed. Plus, the staff is awesome
I'm not even that into tacos and Corner Taco has made crave tacos! I'm obsessed with one of the specials, Korean Shortrib, is awesome. The Dijon Chicken taco is absolutely delicious.   I love how simple the tacos are, and they seem pretty healthy, no excessive sauce or grease whatsoever, just fresh ingredients. The tortillas taste monumentally better than chain restaurants. Love the fresh generous cilantro and cabbage. Just simple, good food that doesn't cut corners. The prices are very reasonable. My only complaint is the the staff has been very short with me, and they rarely look happy to be there. It's not fun to eat somewhere where u feel u are causing someone's misery. :-(
I'm so happy Corner Taco has gone from truck to storefront. The restaurant is great - with a cool vibe, friendly staff & clean facilities. They have daily specials that are dynamite. I've grown to love Friday's Al Pastor special with the soy gastrique. YUM! Boyfriend loves the beer choices & their nachos with jerk chicken. It seems like we're here once a week!
Tacos are a major food group in my book. Seriously, if there was a food pyramid of my diet, tacos would be somewhere above grains but below vegetables in the amount I consume. So let's talk tacos. The tacos I've tried so far are the buttermilk Dijon fried chicken, brisket and carnitas, respectfully. The fried chicken was a 10/10 in my book. Large chunks of beautiful white meat battered in rice flour, served with cabbage and a house made hot sauce. Perfect. The brisket was good, but probably my least favorite of the three. It's a tricky cut and it was a bit dry. The carnitas, which is typically my favorite, was on point. The pork was so tender, and the purple cabbage added a nice crunch. I don't have enough good things to say about the owner and the menu he's put together for this place. There's a huge push to bring the very best ingredients to the table for every dish. From the local, hydroponically grown bibb lettuce to the freshly pressed corn tortillas every ingredient shines here. CT keeps four drafts flowing, three of which are from Jax and one from Tampa. Bold City, Intuition, Aardwolf and Cigar City were all represented. They picked some of my favorites from each brewery. The pale ales in particular were bright and hoppy enough to pair perfectly with the menu offerings. I've also tried the bibb lettuce salad with halved grape tomatoes. The lettuce was dark green and packed with flavor - hydroponically grown and locally sourced. I loved the quality of the lettuce. The size of the leaves made it hard to eat without cutting, but I'm glad they left them whole because this is really beautiful lettuce. I'm glad to see an owner with this much passion about his food, and I have nothing but confidence the this place will succeed. Great location, great ingredients, and flawless execution will keep this place packed.
I delayed writing this because the owner is so sincere and kind, but the food is just not amazing.  We tried the fish two ways and the tempeh.   First, the good: adding brie to the queso was interesting.  My husband liked it; I thought it was so-so.  The corn tortillas were excellent.  Held up to the tacos and were clearly fresh. The proteins (fish and tempeh) seemed fresh and good quality. The downers:  Not every taco needs raw purple cabbage, but they all came dressed the same way.  Purple cabbage, a hint of taco sauce, and the proteins.  We both felt that a little more jazz was needed, like a special salsa or sauce to punch up the unique flavor of the protein.  The tacos felt kinda naked.  Plain. The environment was comfortable enough.  The girls at the counter were efficient if not overly pleasant.  Priced pretty well and reasonably prompt.  I just find much more amazing tacos for a better price at Taco Lu's.
The queso is very good. Daily specials. Gluten free and vegan options. The service was excellent.
Loved it. Great vibe, and not hard on the pocketbook (or wallet, or roll of cash in your sock?). Cheap tacos (a different special each day) and choice local craft brew. All enjoyed on a paper tablecloth. Legit, son. Lots of high-tops and breakables - don't bring your toddler.
When this place was solely a food truck, you could catch me at it just about every Thursday near my job. This was my first visit to the actual restaurant since their opening. Apparently I had been saying how great it was and so a friend and myself met there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. I believe the location is perfect for 5-points as it fits in with what I call "5-points food alley", even though it's on a side street. Walking in I was surprised by the music, which was disco, and 80s R&B. Works for me! It made for a fun atmosphere. The menu was on one of the walls and their are lotsa of options, especially the ones from the food truck days. I got the jerk chicken (my favorite) and the 24 hour carnita tacos. My friend ordered the cheddar and brie queso, jerk chicken and fried chicken tacos. How was it? They were as good as they have always been. My friend even concurred that her tacos were very good. The owner Chris must've came to our table several times to make sure everything was to our liking. That's customer service right there. Surprisingly, He remembered my face and name and even let us try the Yuca fries which were seasoned ever so slightly and just the right amount to taste like french fries. The roasted tomatillo salsa paired excellent with it. I love yucca. Thanks Chris. You have a fan for life.
After eating from the truck more than a few times, I finally got in to eat at the brick and mortar and on Taco Tuesday of all days. I've walked by the new place a handful of times, but you don't feel the true ambiance of the place until you walk in and sit down. Even though Corner Taco is strictly along the taco fare, it felt like I was sitting in one of the restaurants just off the street in Barcelona. Truly, lovely atmosphere. I had to have the carnitas tacos, which were wonderfully tasty. It's nice to know that Corner Taco likes to go the traditional route, and by that, I mean not filling their tacos up with cheese and other ingredients so that you can fully enjoy it. I also ordered some chips and salsa, which is unlike any salsa that I've had. They burn the tomato and it is more of a tomato paste heavy kind of salsa than a watered down salsa. It has a nice kick to it, as well. Try it. I was rather impressed by the food. However, I was kind of surprised that they are using the food truck style cardboard containers to serve still. It works for a place like Chomp Chomp, but not really for the style of restaurant that Corner Taco is trying to achieve. Other than that, I would not change a thing and will be back soon for more tasty goodness.
Hands down the best taco I've had in Jax. I strolled in a few minutes before they close to prep for dinner but they didn't even mention it. I ordered the Al Pastor and a side of black beans. I always ask for soft corn tortilla with fingers crossed because most of the "taquerias" in Jax use flour (what's up with that?)... soft corn is all they have, and they are made FRESH IN HOUSE... solid! Side note: Soft corn tortillas weren't invented for people with gluten allergies. Soft corn is the OG taco. Tacos were born out of of the chewy, salty delicious palm-sized tortilla and stump flavorless flour all day.   The taco came out quick-- grilled pork (tender), red cabbage (crunchy), pineapple salsa (juicy). The beans were spicy and smoky and soupy (in the way I like). Lunch was under under $10 and totally delicious. Chris made the effort to ask me how I liked my food and showed concern whether my tortilla split mid-grub-down. He's made a point not to double stack them...like a lot of taquerias do,  "too much dough...." he said. I totally agree. It held all the juicy, crunchy, tender flavor in just fine.     They have all these daily specials and they all sound so good. As a newbie in the neighborhood I plan on frequenting and trying them all over and over again soon.
I really hate to go against the grain here, but if your a food snob that cares more how the food looks, than how it tastes, this is definitely the place for you.  We had an assortment of 5 different tacos ranging in price from $3.50 to almost $6.00 per taco and some of their queso. I'll start with the chips and queso.  The chips were fine, but without any seasoning (not even a little salt).  The queso is great on paper "Brie and Cheddar with Piquillo Peppers and Grape Tomatoes" but it also goes along with the theme of pretentious ingredients without flavor.  Quite frankly, melted Velveeta has more flavor than this concoction.  Just put some brie and cheddar in the microwave without any seasoning and you will have matched this dish. I won't keep beating a dead horse, but I will say that the tacos come out looking great (please see my photos).  Unfortunately, I could barely discern one taco from the other and they had some very different ingredients.  Almost everything came with a "Lemon Chili" type sauce, that tastes exactly like ketchup mixed with lemon juice and water and some additional sugar.  It's not something that adds flavor at all, but it does make an otherwise very dry taco, something you can swallow without a chaser of beverage.  I'll say that my last complaint is really one of personal taste.  If you like raw corn tortillas, this is also your place.  Unfortunately for me, I like my corn tortillas warm up with a little heat to toast the yummy corn masa flavors.  These tortillas are supposed to be home made, but the 50 pack that I buy at any grocery would not struggle to win in a competition. Finally, the cashier, nor the person serving our food, did not smile once during our visit.  The bottom line is the visit was painful from the time we walked in the door, until we were blessed to leave.  FYI, the bathrooms are as scary as the review!
These tacos are a street food that should be working the corners; they are an illusion of a good time that ultimately amounts to an over-priced mistake. Despite charging patrons like they're serving well crafted food, Corner Taco offers a remarkably average experience. The food will fail expectations of taco enthusiasts, and you'll be shocked how quickly they add up.   Tacos epitomize the most cherished qualities of street food. Fast to assemble, easy to eat and affordable to produce, tacos are a great platform for culinary expression. A well crafted taco can illustrate creativity through a harmony of flavors, textures and craftsmanship. But you won't find that here. Corner Taco forgoes a high-quality taco in favor of inflated pricing and mythos to influence your perception. If you think pricing and experience on a food truck equates to good tacos, I'd argue that there's a better formula. If the prices were cut in half, I may reconsider. I could lower my expectations, and I could appreciate what is served within the limitations of costs. As it stands now, it's simply not worth the money.
Being a fan of food trucks in general and knowing the rep Corner Taco had as a food truck, I was eager to try the restaurant out. Being adventurous, we ordered 3 different tacos to share and an order of Yucca Fritas. The tacos were the 24 Hour Brisket, the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and the Jerk Chicken.  We gathered up our craft beer and sat down for a long leisurely lunch.  First off, the tacos are fantastic and splitting 3 was difficult, but worth it, we got to try all and honestly all were great in their own way.  I think I would say the 24 Hour Brisket was the best...but only by a hair!  The star for us was the Yucca Fritas.  In fact so much so, that we ordered another order with a second round of drinks! There is a spicy homemade sauce that is NOT to be missed.  You can get it by the drinks table, it is spicy but flavorful!  A gastrique of orange and peppers...so tasty and really nice on the yucca. Everyone was so nice and helpful, checking on us, recommending the spicy sauce, clearing the table.  I live cross town and this is worth the drive. PS I like fun places and loved the chalkboard paint and the chalk in the restroom!
I've had 4 visits to Corner Taco, 3 to the truck and 1 to the restaurant.  I was impressed the first time to the truck, mostly based on the taste and quality of the ingredients.  And the fresh tacos. The second trip to the truck was still good, but the fillings were not hot, not much more than warm.   The third trip to the truck I decided maybe I should eat the tacos right away so they stay hot instead of walking back to my office building.  This did not help.  Not hot.  And the portion sizes were smaller.  I decided to stick to the corporate cafe on this day of the week. The fourth trip was at the store.  I love that they were successful enough to upgrade to a storefront.  It was clean and bright, even though the weather was gloomy.  Music was playing.   The wall menu was weird.  It has no form.  I missed a few things I might have tried.  I'm a good test.  I was hungry and it wasn't easy to read for a hungry person.  I did see a laminated menu on the counter, but I had already decided by then. I ordered the Jerk Chicken taco and the brisket taco and a side of black beans.  The Jerk chicken taco had no flavor.  Just the taco flavor, which I knew was strong.  It's supposed to be Jerk flavored.  I am not a spicy food lover, but I was in the mood for some kick.  There was none.  I was very hungry and it was fresh.  I finished it.   Then the brisket taco was cold.  A familiar refrain with CT.  I informed the cashier and she efficiently had another made.  It wasn't what I would call hot, but it was an improvement.  It was certainly more full of meat than the first one.  But as I bit into it there was an unpleasant texture, I'll call it sinew.  I pulled a string of it out of the meat and bit into it again.  It was not meat.  I am sure it came from the roast, but it was not appetizing.  I didn't finish the taco. I ate the black beans, they were seasoned nicely, but some queso fresco or cilantro on top would have been better.  Maybe that's what keeps the cost down, they were certainly inexpensive.   I love the concept, and like the fact they started as a tiny business, but I can't think of a reason to go back for the food.  I think my narrative shows I've given plenty of chances.  Best of luck.
I'm a bit of a taco snob. This isn't the place for the truest Mexicana tacos in Jacksonville (go to Taco Loco, a food truck outside a Latin sports bar on Powers Avenue on Fridays through Sundays for that). But for an American funky fusion take on tacos, this is excellent. Good corn tortillas, with lots and lots of delicious meat stuffed inside. I've had the carnitas, the brisket and the fried mahi mahi, as well as the chips and brie queso. All were amazing. The meat is tender and tasty.
We went for lunch today,  first the place is really cute inside, small and hip decorated nicely.  Next the food!  We got about about 7 different tacos. .. the special of the day mayport shrimp taco, and espresso rubbed? tenderloin taco... they were both excellent!  I loved the shrimp taco, fried shrimp, asparagus, cabbage, and a delicious sauce!  Really good!  The other tacos were all good too!  Carnitas, brisket, fried grouper,  fried chicken,  so many yummy tacos! !  And we had to end the meal with the delish dulce de leche milk shake!  Highly recommend,  go try some where different! :)
I don't quite understand how the reviews are good here, not to be offensive, but this is the worst food I've had in Jacksonville. The tacos were extremely boring and had very little flavor. The brie queso was watery and unflavorful as well. The owner (I believe) brought us some chips that they were testing, and they were stale, and so were the original chips that came with the queso. We didn't complain or say anything because it was late on a Friday night and I figured maybe they were having a rough night. I would never go there again. I've brought this place up to multiple friends and all have had the same things to say. I may be missing something, try for yourself.
I have only eaten here twice but I LOVE Corner Taco. I have yet to try anything yet that I have not been blown away by. The cute décor and fresh vibe you get just by being inside this place is enough for 2 stars on it's own. The other 2 stars are definitely for the awesome food, but since I've only eaten 2 tacos and some nachos I'm holding out on giving it the last star (which I have no doubt they actually deserve) until I venture in there a few more times to eat.
My first time here... I will be back! Their special today was the best, fried Mayport shrimp with corn and asparagus, so good. We also had the fried grouper, seared mahi, chorizo, jerk chicken, and carnitas.  All were very tasty. We got an order of guacamole to go with, it was so fresh and made with a lot of garlic which is the way I like it!  We also shared the dolce de leche milkshake to finish! OMG so phenomenal! It was only $2.50 for the shake...what a steal!   The prices were reasonable and the restaurant itself was quant and had some nice art hanging. The staff were very friendly and inviting. Sweet spot!
We love going to Corner Taco and had a chance to try the Yucca fries last visit. AMAZING. Huge pieces of yucca, fried perfectly that come with tomatillo sauce. But to be honest, they are so good on their own, you really don't need it! If you are feeling a bit indulgent, dip them in some of the queso.... pure heaven. And the homemade chorizo tacos? Shut the front door good. And on Thursday's they are only 2.50! Chris, keep up the amazing work!
Great food,  atmosphere, and prices Tried the Mayport shrimp taco and it was great.   Also the homemade hot sauce is delicious
To steal a line from The Fault in Our Stars, "I fell in love with Corner Taco the way you fall asleep, slowly and then all at once." Corner Taco and I have had our issues in the past when I thought the tacos were too skimpy on ingredients, but the owner Chris *really* listens to his customers and make changes to accommodate. I LIKE that! I have to say I have been won over by the more bountiful proportions of the tacos and I am DIGGING the new daily specials! Corner Taco has Daily Specials featuring a selected $2.50 Taco along with $3 Craft Beers and $5 Hour Wine. Summer Special from the week of June 14th: "Taco Tuesday: $2.50 Carnitas Tacos Whim Wednesday: Fried Oyster with Celery Root & Fuji Apple Slaw Taco Thursday: $2.50 Homemade Chorizo Tacos Food Truck Friday: $2.50 Tacos Al Pastor -- Grilled Pork with Pineapple and White Shoyu Gastrique Weekend Special: $3 Pints of craft beers and $5 good wine from opening Friday to closing Sunday. Sunday: $2.50 Dulce de Leche Milkshakes open-close. We'll also have our hugely popular Fried Shrimp Tacos with White Corn Puree and Asparagus." I am a big fan of all the Tacos at Corner Taco but thing closest to my heart is the Dyno-Myte Nachos! A full basket of velvety cheese-covered chips with grape tomatoes, cilantro, and limes to squeeze over the meal. The Cheese Fondue is a blend of Brie and Cabot Extra Sharp as well as a slew of spices and peppers! It was creamy perfection and I want to buy BOTTLES of it! Their Guacamole is the best I've ever had and Zesty with a capital Z! *shakes fist at Corner Taco because I want your recipe!* Don't get me started on the heavenly bliss of the Dulce De Leche Milkshake either. Do yourself a favor and just GO! Outdoor seating is available and I love watching the 5-Points crowd walk by along with a pretty view of Riverside Park. Thanks for everything Corner Taco and I can't wait to go back next week and and take advantage of the Chorizo Taco Special!
This place is a total WIN!!! Perfect decor/atmosphere. Super casual but still extremely cozy. I've had the Fried Grouper Tacos (which are actually Grouper Cheeks [according to the friendly server]) both times I've dined at Corner. The tacos are unbelievable. Handmade corn tortillas, purple cabbage, a delicious cilantro based paste, and a fresh lime to squeeze. Perfect balance of flavors. $4.50 a taco. I also noticed that instead of an unhealthy artificial sweetener for my iced tea, they offered Truvia which is natural. Love that! This place is a great addition to Riverside!
Ahh Corner Taco!! The big talk of the town when it comes to Tacos. Starting as a successful food truck and now a brick and mortar snuggled into a nice corner on Post St. in the Riverside area of Jacksonville. It took me awhile to finally make it out to Corner Taco because of my work schedule. I never got to taste their tacos when they had the food truck. I was lucky enough to change my job schedule around and get to try Corner Taco. I wanted to get a couple visits in before I wrote this review. I have had a chance to have a couple of items on their menu. The Dijon Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Seared Mahi, General Tso's & the Dyno-Myte w/ brisket. Now when I have fish tacos I usually liked them blackened and seared. I feel it is the best way to get the best flavor out of the fish. Combined with the other ingredients, it makes a damn good taco. The fish here, I thought was lacking in seasoning. It needed a little more salt and pepper. The rest of the ingredients that went with the fish were fine. The buttermilk fried chicken was really good, had lots of flavor. Their Saturday special is the General Tso's Tacos. Really, really good. I like me some Chinese food, so to put it in a taco is a win, win for me. The nachos are good. The fondue is a good mix of cheddar and brie. I have had it two separate times and the second time was the better of the two. I felt the cheese was flavored better and there was more salt on the chips, making it a better nacho experience as a whole. The only thing I ask of them is to stop throwing a whole sprig of cilantro on every item. I don't know if it's a signature thing they do or what. It would be a lot better if they chopped it or at least tossed them in some type of the dressing to make you actually want to eat it. I always just want to throw it to the side. I also would like to see different  lettuces or cabbages used on different tacos. Sometimes they say, if it ain't broke don't fix it, well a little tweaking doesn't hurt either. They make a good product, no doubt about it, I like to see great things happen to great people. Taco places come and go, but Corner Taco I feel will be a cornerstone (no pun intended) in the Riverside community.
Friendly people, fast service, even better food. Food is prepared so beautifully I almost felt guilty eating it. The location is also really cute with indoor and outdoor seating and cute decorations.
Tried for first time today, is now storefront don't look for the Airstream, lol! Eclectic tacos very tasty- had one mahi, one jerk chicken and one beef (?) by mistake and it was awesome! Owner very friendly and helpful. Will stop again. Didn't have diet coke :(
Love it, love it, love it! I love their limited menu and their twist on the traditional taco. You have to try their carnitas taco, OMG, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Not only were the carnitas the best I have had in a while, bit the soft tortillas are homemade and they were perfect. The wait staff was extremely friendly, and they definitely took an interest in their customers. If you have not been here yet, you need to add this local eatery to your list.
Since the night of the elite event, Amy and I have been back to Corner Taco on several occasions!  We order the same thing every time: the nachos, a Pepsi for her and a beer or two for me.  The nachos are INCREDIBLE!!  Each time we return the nachos are even better than the last time. They are tweaking the recipe to get the nachos just right... And I have to say they're awesome!! The service is always outstanding; Serafina remembered the beers I liked from the event and each time I order she's able to remind me of the one I like... I still can't remember for the life of me the name, but she remembers every time! It may sound like a tiny detail to remember, but it's nice to have someone recall your order after only a few visits!!  She is very friendly and always has a smile on her face!! Chris comes to our table to check on us every visit and is probably one of the most attentive business owners I've ever met!  He's always asking our feedback and he genuinely cares about our opinion.  It's nice to know that there are people who care about their customers!  We will definitely be back soon!!! Oh wait... Although we've only really encountered Serafina and Chris, it's worth noting that all of the staff is very friendly and smiling!!! Give this one a try and you're sure to feel as welcome as we do!!!
The guacamole is great, the queso is amazing. The tempeh is bland and dry. (Who cares if it's local if it's dry and old tasting?) it's odd to me that an asparagus taco would have just asparagus and cabbage. Really? No filler? Just asparagus chunks and cabbage? I dunno, Corner Taco, you've got to put up just a bit more effort.
I just can't rave enough about how good Corner Taco is.  We just had out Elite Event here about a week ago and I couldn't wait to come back.  When I suggested it to hubby tonight, he was more than happy with my choice. I was really craving the nachos which are made with a sharp cheddar and brie.  The sauce is actually more of a fondue and it is so amazing.  Best.Nachos.Ever!  The portion is HUGE.  Hubby and I shared these and the portion size is so huge that we couldn't quite finish them.  Almost.. but not quite.  These are not your ordinary nachos, people.  No canned or processed stuff here.  Everything is so fresh.  Now, I don't eat tomatoes, but hubby said the baby tomatoes on the nachos are the freshest he's ever had. I had a Coke which is imported from Mexico and made with real cane sugar.  So good.  You can really tell the difference compared to the Coke we are offered here in the USA.  Again, it goes along with the owner's philosophy of only natural ingredients.  He says if you can't pronounce it, then he doesn't serve it. We weren't extremely hungry tonight, so we just stuck with the nachos.  But I can tell you, the tacos are out of this world.  My favourite are the brisket tacos and the meat is braised for a full 24 hours.  I will be back again very, very soon for those tacos! The atmosphere here is very charming.  It feels like you've really just stepped into a cafe in Mexico.  The owner, Chris, is wonderful.  He takes the time to talk to all of his customers.  All of the other employees are super friendly and helpful.   Just this quickly, Corner Taco has become a favourite of ours and is at the top of our list for Jax restaurants.
This place is absolutely bad! If you want a super salty taco then this is the place for you. The tortillas are not fully cooked. The price stinks for what you get. Ive been here twice ....not good at all. Sorry.
Order at the counter, sit down and enjoy great tacos.  Nice casual restaurant, not a lot of seating but you are also not packed in like sardines. Food is good, limited choices, loved some of the selections especially the carnitas, fried buttermilk chicken tacos and the yuca fries with dipping sauce. Honestly, after that I was completely full and I shared the fries. Here is a hint, I didn't notice the lime that came with the yuca fries. When I squeezed the lime onto the fries, then dipped them, the taste changed for the better. You won't understand unless you try it, but why not take that chance?  Remember me telling you I shared the fries?  Well I regretted that because I could not double dip. Not a huge menu, but you just need to do well with the items you have.  Corner Taco seems to do that. There are enough items that there are still items for me to try.
It's OK but I wasn't really impressed, we got 4 tacos and took them home. 1 Carnitas, 1 Seared Mahi-Mahi, 1 Chicken and 1 Veggie, I think the travelling didn't help them at all as they were very soggy when we finally got them to the house. We also got the Guacamole and chips which were very good.
I go to Corner Taco a couple times a month and the vegan tacos are two of my favorite lunch items in Jacksonville. Both the Asparagus taco and the Quinoa/hummus tacos are healthy, satisfying, and delicious. Thanks Corner Taco for offering innovative vegan food in Jax.
I am so glad I followed my gut and gave Corner Taco another try.  This time I went a bit early and was able to find parking quickly and close to the restaurant.  My friend and I immediately placed our orders and sat ourselves.  I ordered the same tacos as last time because that's what I was in the mood for today.  My brisket taco was again absolutely DELICIOUS!  Three bites and all gone good!!!  The fish of the day was swordfish, and it too was great.  Loaded with huge pieces of flavorful grilled fish and a sauce I can't quite describe any other way but tasty.   Yep, Corner Taco totally did it for me and I will include them on my weekly list of places to eat. Additionally, Chris has again delighted me with his attitude and attentiveness.  Most managers/owners could give a flying hoot about customer service and is a big reason I will not revisit.  However, that is so not the case with him.  Chris takes the time to actually speak with the customers and inquire about their dining experience.  He takes pride in his establishment, which is reflected in the food and service.  Hats off to you, Chris! Please keep up the wonderful attitude and spirit you bring to Corner Taco.  It was a pleasure and (most importantly) a TREAT YOURSELF kind of experience.  I will definitely be a returning customer.
I try NOT to have expectations so I am not disappointed. BUT, I am really jonesing for Mexican food in my new hometown and I was really hoping a place that has food truck roots would have left me with a more memorable food consumption experience. A-OK (thank you, Yelp) is how I would describe the sampling of the carnitas, brisket, and buttermilk dijon chicken tacos I ordered. The special corn tortilla machine is neat, but that's no substitute for flavor. I think our table of guests shared my sentiments as we ordered more edibles at our next stop that night.
OK, I FINALLY had the chance to eat these amazing tacos.  The first two times I drove here, it was a Monday.  FYI:  They are closed on Mondays.  Boy, was I bummed.  Just think Taco Tuesdays if you need to be reminded like me. :) So about my experience........ My boy & I came here last Thursday around 1:30PM and were really WOW'ed by this place.  First of all, it's such a nicely decorated restaurant and right when you step inside, you know it's going to be a special experience.  It is very modern and  clean, seating is spacious, service was friendly and FAST & the menu was extremely creative, but simple. They have a variety of tacos from which to choose so we ordered a nice sampling for both of us.  From their Semi-Swanky Tacos list, we ordered two -  24 hour Carnitas & 1-Dijon Buttermilk Fried Chicken.  From their Semi-Swanktacular Tacos list, we ordered one 24 hour Brisket & 1-Mahi grilled taco.  We also ordered a side of Guacamole with chips and black beans and rice and opted for the free water. Everything was so delicious!  Each taco was a generous portion and had its own character.  The flavors and textures created a party in your mouth.  Also, they have this sauce they offer in unmarked bottles near the beverage area that was a nice contrast to the savory tacos and truly added a little kick and sweetness that worked well.  No, really.  Don't forget to try that secret sauce. I swear by it!   In addition, the beans and rice were solid but more of a filler for us.  And the superstar of my meal was their guacamole to tie it all together.  Below you will see our total bill:   Items 1  Dijon (Tray 2)  $3.45 2  CARNITAS (Tray 1)  $6.90 1  MAHI (Tray 1)  $4.45 1  Add Beans/Rice  $2.00 1  Brisket (Tray 2)  $4.45 1  Guacamole  $5.75 Total Subtotal  $27.00 Tax  $1.89 Total  $28.89 Overall, we left feeling pleasantly full and super satisfied.  Corner Taco really is a great concept with very flavorful food to back it up.  SUPER SWANKTACULAR!!!  I will be going back for sure.
I have gone back to CT two more times since my first visit. Unfortunately, my last two times have been a let down. I had the general Taos taco and it was really a one note wonder. I would have panko breaded the chicken and add more heat to the sauce.
Corner Taco was the first food truck I tried in Jacksonville so I have been looking forward to their storefront since I first heard about it! My mom had heard about it from friends and since we were looking for a light(ish) dinner, we decided to stop in tonight. We each ordered a marinated chicken and an asparagus taco and I had a Coke. My mom was immediately impressed with the tortillas, which surprised me because normally she is a die hard hard taco fan! We both liked the asparagus taco better than then chicken (but I could have told you that would be the case before we even took a bite). IMO, the chicken was a bit too fatty (admittedly, I am very weird about fat on meat). The space is really cute and the location is nice because of the lot right out back.
I had been hearing about Corner Taco from all my food truck followers but had never had an opportunity to try them. When they were moving on up into their brick & mortar, I was excited to give them a try. I used to pass on new restaurants because I knew - no matter how well prepared - every new venture was going to hit some speed bumps. Corner Taco has definitely had their fair share, but they are handling them like an old pro. And they've only been open for three days! The have a variety of local beers on tap for your imbibing pleasure and a petite, but flavor-packed menu. You order your tacos at the counter and find a spot to sit. When we arrived we were alerted that they were out of some of their taco options (good sign that they've been busy!) so I was a little disappointed I wasn't going to get to try the Dijon Fried Chicken I had my heart set on. We perused the menu while waiting for our dining buddies and were happy to hear they were going to have more dijon chicken available shortly. The table tried a variety of tacos and I had the Dyno-mite Nachos. My dish was oddly the last to arrive to the table, but as the dinner rush had kicked in we knew they were getting a little hectic in the kitchen. However, the nachos were definitely worth waiting for! The flavor on the chicken, the spice in the queso (TWO layers of queso!) and the salt on the chips all danced in harmony for the perfect bite. I will warn queso lovers that this isn't your typical queso. They use brie so it has a different flavor and consistency than you will find in your typical mexican restaurant. The cup of queso lacked a little bit of flavor but Chris was happy to take all our feedback we had, and agreed he knew the queso was missing a little something. My only true complaint is their current process of closing out your check with your order. If you want another beer (or a third taco) you have to place another order. I don't mind it - that's their MO - and maybe they'll learn to adjust it, but it was just a different way to go about it. The space reminds me of a corner taco (pun intended) stand on a beach somewhere. Totally laid back atmosphere & love the white lights strung throughout the place. These guys are going to be busy. He may not have been completely aware of what he was getting into, but Chris is up to the challenge and I expect to hear great things about this little corner spot.
Excellent food, great beer, great atmosphere. We'll be coming back for sure.
Yummy dynamite Nachos ! Pow in your mouth without any painful aftermath
WOW, delicious and fresh food. I had the Brisket taco and the Jerk Chicken taco.  Brisket taco was amazing.  The Jerk Chicken taco was juicy and delicious, just not as good as the brisket. I also got the chips and fire roasted salsa.  Chips were good, not great, but the salsa was amazing. We will definitely be back.
The place has a lot of potential.  Great location, great menu and specials.  The staff was not very helpful. The food was okay.  The menu was difficult to navigate.
Went here today after visiting the Cummer museum. After being in Florida for a week, the taco cravings were high. I ordered the ten dolla meal (2 tacos, an individual side order of black beans with basmati rice and an iced tea) for the kid and essentially the same thing for  myself but with a coke. The woman who took our order was really nice, as well as the guy who I'm assuming was the owner, a guy named Chris (who btw, was real easy on the eyes, if you catch my not-so-subtle drift). I admit, I was a little prejudiced towards the carnitas tacos before I even tasted them because I was expecting the meat to be dry. Good carnitas are hard to find even in SoCal, so what were the chances of finding edible ones in FL? In reality, they were pretty damn good. They serve the taco with a sweet chile-lime sauce that enhances the flavor of the meat. Chris informed us that it takes 48hrs to make their carnitas. My sister tried the cheddar and Brie queso, which was good, just a little runny. Chris said it was probably just a little too hot. Also tried the Dijon buttermilk fried chicken taco (liked) and jerk chicken taco (did not like). The iced tea was weak (although I liked the concept of adding as little or as much simple syrup as you wanted). The limes are cut way too small in my opinion. What's wrong with cutting limes into just fourths? And pricing is a little steep for what it was. I spent almost $25 on 4 tacos, 2 bean/rice sides and 2 drinks. Overall, I think some things work (carnitas, chile-lime sauce, Chris' good looks) and other things need to be improved (jerk taco just didn't work for me, tortilla was too thin and broke apart). Chris was really open to receiving our feedback, however. I think that as long as you don't go in expecting real, authentic Mexican tacos, you won't be disappointed.
So fun, chill low lit fresh food dining experience with family. The staff on Wed night, super friendly & hospitable. First visit but definitely coming again...soy dairy & gluten free options? Yes please lets put 5 stars!
I can't stress enough how much I love this place. Followed them from the food truck days and I'm thrilled there is a physical location I can pop in weekly. Every taco and side is a hit. Especially the vegan offerings even though I'm not vegan. Simple, fresh and unique no typical tacos here. Homemade gluten free corn tortillas, local beer and friendly staff. My favorite right now? Whatever I get.  Today  that was yucca fries with their homemade green tomatillo and pumpkin dipping sauce and homemade chorizo tacos. They carry Mexican coke and play great tunes to boot.
Second time here and disappointed one more time. First time no salsa available, this time the queso took forever, 40 minutes waiting for a queso and brie dip. Great food maybe just bad timing, ill give them another chance.
I always enjoy exploring food and am open to new experiences.  When I walked in Corner Taco I was struck by the creativity on the wall menu display and the overall happy vibe.  I like the wine selection and friendly atmosphere.  I tasted the buttermilk fried chicken with the new Arbol chile and clementine hot sauce.  I  like the option to add really spicy hot sauce, although the flavor was so spot on that I almost didn't want to.   I was also really happy to find out they offer a Dulce de Leche milkshake which is perfect to take to go and walk around.  I left here feeling healthy and satisfied with the fresh ingredients, I appreciate the effort and innovation, go in with an open palate and you will not be disappointed!!
Chris hasn't missed a beat from the truck, offering his incredible tacos in a cozy setting. I had the Dijon Fried Chicken and Carnitas tacos paired with a side of quinoa and black beans. Even though I took them to go, and was expecting the chicken to be a bit moist from being in the bag, it was still incredibly crispy and actually made me say "Holy s!@t, that's incredible". The Carnitas continue to be the best I've ever had, and the quinoa and beans were flavorful and not bland like other offerings I've had elsewhere. Can't recommend it enough, so happy to have Corner Taco within 5 minutes of my house.
As I sit here in Corner Taco I will describe my meal and what I see. My tacos were almost really good. The espresso rubbed beef taco feel apart when I tried to pick it up and eat it. Now if you ask me, that is the primary job of the tortilla, to hold the food inside. The waitresses response to my dilemma? "Aww". I didn't taste any espresso. The Carnita taco held together better but it wasn't a big deal. The salsa is a salty orange puree. Nothing special. I sat, no, I'm still sitting at the counter and one of the waitresses had been on the phone so long the cook had to deliver food.  The cooks are constantly eating and drinking. The male cook looks like a criminal. He loves smashing the spatula down on the meat to extract all the juice from the meat because juice is evil(?).  Phone girl needs a smile. Two tacos, chips and salsa, bottle of plain old water came to about $15.  The place looks cool and has no TV. They push all the buttons, craft beer, hip music, tattoos, but they are in serious need of a real manager.
I love corner taco because of the Elite event I went to. The fried chicken taco is a must Order. you can order off the little ipad but they should have a way to confirm the order before you pay for it because on this day I thought I ordered 2 of their dulce leche shakes 6$ and then they brought out chirizo Taco's. Ehhh no I didnt want to be angry because I know it would get eating but I had to go back up to the counter and order the Shakes. and they were 10$. I can't find the picture now but they were so small. I know they just started with these but they need tp do something about that size it small for the price but soo good. I would Order 2 just for one person. But that jus tme I love milkshakes. Go check this place out its awesome ad the Nachos. OOOhh the Nachos
I've waited a long time, or perhaps procrastinated a long time to leave a review for Corner Taco. I will preface this by stating I have worked for/in Corner Taco on two occasions but I assure you good Yelpers that this has not prejudiced my review, but rather confirmed it. I've had about 50 lunches at Corner Taco and a few dinners at events and I've paid for all of them save one......which was a pair of breakfast tacos when I was working on the truck. (They were really good too!) The quality of the food is always top notch and there is no denying that it is always of primary focus. I've seen this first hand working there. If the ingredients don't look right or feel right, they don't get served. Tortillas are made fresh on the truck at the day's site and are never reused the next. Show up early before opening some time and ask to try one hot off the flat top. It will change your opinion about what a corn tortilla should taste like. Proteins likewise are never reused. The price, about which a couple others have commented negatively, might be adverse for a few. I agree somewhat that $4 for a single taco can be pricey, but see if your local Taco Bell can knock out a dynamite fresh made Mahi taco of the same quality for less. I've never had a meal at Corner Taco that I didn't enjoy and I've had a few specials that truly blew my doors off. Quinoa cakes with roasted summer vegetables, balsamic and chevre and the seared tuna with soy and sesame come to mind immediately. If you're nearby and don't mind spending a few bucks more than you would at Burger King, swing by Corner Taco for lunch. You won't be disappointed. Show up early for the best selection.
My first intro to Corner Taco was at a Yelp event where Chris and company were offering up the addictive Tres Leches milkshakes.  Today thanks to the brick and mortar shop I was able to get the full impact  of the offerings and what a great experience it was.  We started with the queso and in house made chips. Chips were thin crisp and not a hint of oil.  The cheddar and brie was nicely seasoned creamy and just the correct temp for dipping. Next the Buttermilk battered chicken taco.  An ample portion of chicken breast, with a nice layer of crust not to thick so  the moist chicken could  be appreciated then nested in a soft taco shell and crisp chopped cabbage and lettuce . Just delightful. The next taco offering was Jerk Chicken: same fresh shell and veggies but a spicy covering of jerk tantalized the taste buds without being overpowering.  Chris treated us to the Yucca Fries.  Ample sizes pieces of this root veg deep fried and then tossed in sea salt.  The home made tomatillos dip accompanied the fries. Although it was quite flavorful I liked the fries on their own. And of course a Brooklyn Larger to wash it all down.  Menu board with all the offerings easy to read on the large wall.  Walk up place your order,  cash or credit, swipe the card, select tip amt in % sign the pad.  Nice safety factor for the customer. You receive your number and food is brought to your table.  Although there is no server per say the staff is very attentive about checking on the diners.
Hopefully it was just a bad day for them?  This was my first and last trip to Corner Taco.  I had heard some good reviews from co-workers and my wife and I decided to give them a try.  The cashier charged us the wrong price for the special  and eventually refunded our money after realizing we had been over charged.  We tried three different tacos and none of them were very good.  The fried chicken taco's were the best of the three.  The tacos had very little flavor although they were pleasing to look at.  The problem is that eventually you have to eat and ultimately taste your food.  The best way I could describe them is bland.  We also tried the chips and salsa and quickly realized that whoever told me that the food was good may be missing a few of their taste buds.  By far the worst salsa I have ever tasted.  I went there expecting a good experience but I will not go back...
Found Corner Taco originally through their airstream food check. Kids love the Mexican coke. Being from So Cal we're particular about our tacos and these are outstanding! Awesome casual decor. Love it.
Ok like this is now a weekly stop. Home made tortillas!! The Guac is fresh and I always order the carnitas tacos but dont over do cause they can be a bit heavy as the night goes on.. Its a friendly atmosphere and I am always looking on FB for the days special!!
Excellent meal! Fast, friendly service. Queso is a little too spicy for me. Taco's are unbelievable, I suggest the fried chicken or the jerk chicken. They have Mexican coca cola too... Very cool! Everyone that works there checked on us and genuinely cared. Very nice!
My first time at corner taco was a great experience! While other restaurants near had long wait times, we immediately ordered and sat down with beers in hand. The chips and homemade salsa came out immediately after. We only had to wait about 5 more minutes for our delicious tacos to follow. The salsa was little different than I had had before - very creamy and almost marinara-like - but I loved it! I also had a carnitas taco and a jerk chicken taco. Both were awesome, especially after I added their special hot sauce! I will certainly be going again! There were so many more things on the menu that looked good!
The tacos were good but did not have the unique flavor I was hoping for. They weren't stingy with the meat which was good,  but the large amount of pork in the carnitas  overshadowed cilantro and other ingredients. I appreciate the desire to be local and authentic but turn the AC  (was hot and humid in there) on please and don't make me ask for ice.
From food truck to Brick-N-Mortar the fresh quality of their food is always consistent.  I'm never in a rush because I know good food takes time!
The Tempe taco had a lot of Tempe but wasn't cut up.and hardly any sauce. The fried chicken taco was pretty good but I didn't taste the honey mustard on it. Fried chicken was in big pieces also. Maybe I'm spoiled by the taco places in St Augustine.
If you liked the Corner Taco Truck well it's big brother has came to town. Chris and friends have out a ton of sweat and hard work into the latest  food truck made into a brick n mortar. His menu is everything you liked on the truck and some more soon to be favorites added. The place is really sweet with new lighting and some really awesome design work. So today was a tasting and I got to give it a try. I really enjoyed the brisket and pork tacos. He also has quite a few beers on tap just waiting for ya. So the next time you have a craving for some killer tacos head to the north wand if 5 points and hit up Chris n Company at Corner Taco
Loved the tacos. Everything is fresh and excellent. Best guacamole!  Very casual. Attentive, friendly owner and staff. A great discovery. We'll be back.
Was so VERY HAPPY to see that Corner Taco's- Dijon Buttermilk Fried Chicken Taco was the 10th item of the 52 Amazing Things from this weeks Folio, you have to eat RIGHT NOW in Northeast Fl.. It is a 10!! HOME RUN taco all the way. Been telling EVERYONE about it since we tried our first. Now I have the official name to go with the drooling that occurs when we talk about it. Keep up the great food Chris and look forward to delightful new surprises that you come up with. FYI all the tacos are AWESOME at Corner Taco.Make this spot a MUST STOP!! See you soon..MJ/Larry
A small menu in service of the food truck rally crowd at the Food Truck Rally  near LA Fitness did well to concentrate on quality. I liked the pork carnitas with orange and wished I could have stayed for more. Fast service with a decorative look to it is my kind of place, even if it is on wheels. I also liked the price as the served items were dramatically under what the other vendors were charging for similar weights and portions. I look forward to seeing this mobile stand in the future.
How do you not love Corner Taco?? Easy. You're dead. Corner Taco is the best food truck in Jacksonville. I say this having tried the majority of them. After speaking with the crew/owner of Corner Taco I am very confidant saying that they should open a restaurant and continue with the truck. Made fresh specials using ingredients from their own backyards and fresh tortillas. The nachos are amazing. They use bree and some other white cheese so it's like a fondue for your chips. Plus, they'll add a meat if you choose! Carnitas nachos. The best in FL. I don't think I could praise Corner Taco enough. I just want to make sure everyone loves them as much as I do. If you're in the neighborhood, try them. But get there early because they sell out of brisket (when it's on special) quick! It's the most amazing. Promise. Make sure to follow them on Facebook so you know where they are! Plus, they are at most ArtWalks!
Awesome taco spot!  Unlike most run of the mill Mexican food restaurants in Jacksonville this place doesn't try to fool you with sombreros and piñatas. The food is        good and creative. The cheddar and brie queso was not impressive, but you can't go wrong with any of the taco options.
Second times a charm !! The first time I visited I wasn't overly impressed but thought this is a place everyone has told me such good things about so let's give it another go and boy am glad I did . Corner taco prides themselves in using fresh organic and local ingredients.  My second go around I sampled their salad made with local lettuce fresh grape tomatoes and a lovely vinaigrette , I loved how simple it was but loaded with flavor . I also tried the Dijon buttermilk chicken taco which was even more tasty than my first visit . Now the shocker for me was the brisket , I'm not usually a fan of brisket but man I really enjoyed that taco . I also had the carnitas which I thought it was a little dry the first go around but not this time it was spot on !! This is a great new little gem in 5 points that you should give a try !! I've have being wanting to try this place for awhile , I've read all the great reviews and even talked with a few fellow yeepers about this place so today I finally decided to give them a try . I walk in look around it's clean ( which if a plus for most places that serve Mexican food ) small kind of plain jane atmosphere . Walked up placed my order and found a set . The girl that took the order was very friendly . Didn't take long and our food was out . I had ordered the queso dip,  buttermilk chicken taco , carnitas taco and a coke . My dinning partner ordered the brisket taco , asparagus taco and a coke . Our bill was around $32 which I though was a little pricey but don't mind as long as the food is good . I started off with the  queso which I found bland . To me it needed something to liven it up . It's made with cheddar and brie cheese and topped off with a few roasted red peppers . Next I dove into my buttermilk chicken taco which I was excited to try because I had seen several pictures of them on yelp , for some reason didn't look anything like the other pictures I has seen though :(  but none the less it was pretty good . It consisted of fried chicken chunks few pieces of purple cabbage and a couple pieces of cilantro . Next I tried the carnitas which I found to dry for my taste . It was topped just like the chicken taco a little purple cabbage and cilantro. Unfortunately I wasn't impressed with corner taco maybe I had my expectations to high from all the rave reviews but I felt that the whole experience was just bland . I probably won't be back because the flavors didn't fit my pallet . I would suggest giving them a try though everyone's taste is different and it may be right up your ally .
Great atmosphere, cool and friendly staff and amazing food. The fried chicken taco and carnita taco I had were amazing.
Awesome food! Great and central location The fried chicken taco amazing so are the nachos. The owner is usually there and he is always on top of things and super friendly. I would highly recommend a visit!
Everything I ate was great... I loved the fish tacos and the chips are certainly something to try!! Everything seemed very fresh and authentic. Chris was super hospitable!!!
Finally made it.  As vegans we settled on the asparagus tacos.  The simple preparation allowed the flavor of the asparagus to shine through.  Nicely complimented by the cabbage and sauce.  No bells or whistles going on here but very tasty and satisfying.
Since Corner Taco relocated from Lemon Bar at Neptune Beach to its mobile airstream trailer I have easy frequented 3 or 4 dozen (yes, that's 36 to 48) times and gotten to know the owners (and Chef) Chris and Heather. Chris' focus on creating good-for-you simple food with ingredients you can pronounce goes a long way in my book. Tortillas (using four ingredients) are made fresh on the truck every morning. Most restaurants don't even make their own tortillas! I also love that you can't buy canned sodas. There's Mexican Coke with real sugar and other naturally flavored and sweetened beverages. I enjoy the tempeh (from Artie's in Gainesville) and the buttermilk fried chicken. It's simple and delicious. Colorful red cabbage shreds and cilantro and a homemade sauce adorn the corn tortilla. I'm a huge fan of the salad: mixed field greens tossed with halved grape tomatoes, flake salt, French Pantry croutons and homemade Corner Taco Thyme Vinaigrette. Yes, some tacos are a bit pricey but everything is made from scratch and cooked to oder. I enjoy not feeling weighted down afterwards from unnecessary preservatives and ingredients.
Amazing fish tacos, carnitas, and fresh chips!  Owner is passionate about quality ingredients and food.  Love this place and happy to see them expand from their food truck.  Must try for taco junkies.
Delicious and fresh are two words that come to mind after my first experience with Corner Taco.  I tried one carnitas taco and one blacken chicken.  The blacken chicken was very flavorful, and not too spicy.  The carnitas was extremely moist and still steaming by the time I got to where I could eat.  They also had Mexican Coke which was a nice change of pace tasting cane syrup compared to the processed sugar most Cokes use. My only two issues with Corner Taco were the time it takes to prepare the food and the excess red cabbage (which I am not a fan of anyways, so that could just be me).  It took close to 20 minutes from ordering until my food was ready.  Had I not been trying to take a quick lunch, this wouldn't have been a problem.  But what can you do when you want something healthy, fresh and individually prepared. The staff was apologetic for the wait, which I appreciated.  It could have just been a busy day for them. Overall, I would highly recommend Corner Taco (assuming you have the time).  I cant wait to try their grouper or mahi taco along with their fried chicken taco!
Came here last night while they were parked at Aardwolf Brewery. We were late ordering, about 8:30, but they still had all menu options available. I had a chicken and a brisket taco, and both were delicious! I loved the simplicity of their tacos...corn tortilla, seasoned meats, cilantro, maybe a little onion. Others at my table had carnitas and swordfish. A couple of my guy friends complained about lack of sour cream, cheese, etc, but I prefer the authentic flavors. Loved Corner Taco & will be back. Good food, good prices, good service.
Just look for the 1965 "Airstream"  These tacos are gourmet and very amazing. They have daily specials listed and also some non meat options such as asparagus . I like the Carnitas and have been wanting to try the brisket too. They offer Mexican bottled Coke and chairs. Today I enjoyed the Jerk Chicken and Butter Milk Chicken Taco as they had already sold out of the Brisket Taco.  It is a good think when a food truck sells out of an item and as "Corner Taco" makes from scratch the food is fresh.
One of the best food trucks in Jax!  Love the Carnitas Taco, delish!  Super friendly staff, and great food at a great price.
I had such high expectations about Corner Taco, that I feel so let down by the actual experience I had to try it a second time before I reviewed. My first experience of Corner Taco was at Art Walk, I had the buttermilk fried chicken taco. It was the only option left. My "taco" was simply a whole piece of buttermilk fried chicken on a fresh tortilla. It was sooo boring!  I couldn't believe that it was it! I thought there would be more. Well, I had to give Corner Taco the benefit of the doubt that it was the end of the night and they were tired. So, at the King Street Farmer's Market I ordered the Rock Shrimp Taco and the Asparagus Taco. It was exactly the same as before. The Rock Shrimp taco was pieces of fried rock shrimp on a tortilla.  The asparagus taco was exactly that pieces of grilled asparagus on a tortilla. Honestly, the asparagus was delicious, but the rock shrimp was so/so. Both "tacos" were very underwhelming and simple, but not in a good way. I'm not sure why any of the tacos were called tacos. I would not be surprised to see a meatloaf taco next!
best tortillas I've ever had
Corner tacos is as good as it gets when it comes to Food truck tacos. Their tortillas are made daily by them. I had their Carnitas, Marinated chicken, and the brisket. All of them were really good! The flavors were really amazing and it blended well with each type of meat. Not too dry and not too mushy. The flavors were just perfect and their prices were not that bad. I highly recommend giving them a shot. The staff was amazing and really friendly! They took care of you and gave you personal attention while ordering and while handing you the food. Props for excellent customer service!  Next time I bump into them, I will be giving them another bite.
There is so much to say but the food is delicious, fresh and made to order which is a plus for me.  Every taco they have and the nachos are on point but I love the espresso grouper taco and their chili lime sauce I think you could put on anything and it would be good.  They post up downtown not too far from where I work during the week and I make it a point to go and have some great grub.  I follow them on twitter to find out what specials they have which are out of bounds.  As long as they are on twitter I will make to to go see them.
Loving the food truckies popping up!   My favorite was the carnitas taco. Very tasty!
Delicious tacos.  Skip the nachos, they're missing something.
Jacksonville has a food truck! Yes! The veggie options are pretty good. Next time, I want to get their famous salad dressing. Go and enjoy the experience of food trucks in Jax!
I usually eat vegetarian so when I tried to have lunch at a recent food truck rally there seemed to be either pizza or the corner taco had a tempeh taco.  I persuaded my companion to try this food truck so we could eat at the same time.  There was a twenty minute wait to order and after she placed the order they said it would take another thirty minutes for the food to be ready.  When my tempeh came it was a minuscule stick of tempeh-sort of like a fish stick size, with a few small pieces of red cabbage, a little bit of a garnish (perhaps parsley?) and maybe a teaspoon and a half of a red sauce.  It tasted all right but if you are hungry this is more like an appetizer size snack.  A taco bell taco has a lot more filling at a fraction of the cost, a little more red cabbage surely would not be that cost prohibitive to provide!  My companion had the buttermilk chicken taco which is a piece of regular fried chicken with the same garnish.  What we had was adequate but hardly worth the price or the wait.
to yelpers: great food truck, a lot for your money. great tasting meat. not great for vegetarians. good specials and great service. to owners: are you going for street tacos or edgy tacos? either way you can def reduce the meat in each taco. think about lowering the price when you do so but not needed. if you want to do street tacos keep all of your dishes, otherwise you may wanna add some gourmet salsas and other toppings to change things up. also maybe clear up you're menu it is a bit confusing.
