Really chill atmosphere. The food and coffee are both tasty. Nice staff. Nice little outdoor patio area as well.
I'm in love with this little gem. Grab a lavender coffee, small breakfast and a Folio. Take a seat outside and enjoy the beauty of our city. Prices are very reasonable and people are friendly - even the homeless.
I fell in love with this bookstore right after stepping through the front door; what a great spot for enjoying downtown Jacksonville. Just like all great combinations - peanut butter and chocolate, rum and coke, you get the idea - the small cafe fits in perfectly surrounded by mountains of new and used books all sorted neatly by category. I didn't come in for anything in particular, so I ended up browsing aisle after aisle of books, stumbling across some great finds along the way. Never did make it up to the second story, so I'll have to explore that next time. The staff was very friendly and seemed to know most customers by name, talking with them about how they had liked the books they had bought last. Once you find a book you like, take it outdoors to read on the patio and people watch as people come and go downtown. Bottom line: You can get lost in this place, in a good way. It's a book lover's (and hoarder's) dream, and definitely worth stopping into the next time you're downtown. A tip: Check the inside cover of the books for pricing as you're comparing different copies - they can vary even on the same book.
Nicely place to have breakfast, the Cafe Au Lait is just delicious and they serve fresh food
This is a great place to look for book and cd that bring back memories! I was going to order from the small place attached to the book store but the workers were busy cursing at each other I never got noticed. Guess I can't comment on the food but they have a lot of homeless people wondering in & out asking for money. On the flip side it was also lots of people there  who look like locals.
Lots of books old and new. I was particularly impressed by their collection of leather bound tomes. The staff is also very friendly. The coffee is yum too!
The daunting task of trying to put your head around what to look at first never subsides. After well over an hour I reached saturation and nearly psychotic symptoms trying to process all the options.  My take on book store like this that are "mom and pop" shops is simple: a gateway into knowing the local community. It is plain simple, this place pulls books from Gainesville, Atlanta and as far South as The Keys but a lot is procured via local people coughing up their old "unworthy" books, CD, and other media.  I snagged a deal in an esoteric book of Buddhist poems that sells for $180 on Amazon.  I'm not even going to say what I paid for the owner would stick to the ceiling but I got another equally as unusual Eastern paperback that likely is only sitting in private collections at this point... Come here for the fun of browsing, don't think the cafe will satisfy is you're at all sensitive to quality coffee, but mostly I say to keep this place as a local gem.  Enjoy.
I love the downtown location of this used book Mecca! You can get completely lost in this place for hours finding books of all types! They have some rare and local books, also. The big bonus for this location is the cafe! Although they have great (and I mean great) healthy and vegetarian items, they also have meat items for those carnivores out there! They also have awesome coffee and other drinks. (That is one thing that I miss if I go to the Roosevelt location.) :) I am guilty of having Starbucks and ordering from amazon, but hey, this is a great local business to support! Go get some coffee, browse for an hour or so, and I bet you'll find a couple must-haves!
I love all sorts of bookstores and this was my first book store that is not bookasmillion and Barnes and Noble. I love their vast collection of books that range from bibliographies, childrens book, comics, strategy and travel guides, etc. You name it! The connecting coffee shop is also cool, I only wish that they have frappes.
I eat at Chamblins at least once a week. I love their breakfast and coffee options, but the service is so dreadfully slow... That's the only thing that keeps them from being a 4-star for me. They have fantastic cupcakes which are a great afternoon snack. Also, their italian sodas are such a treat!
I was volunteering all afternoon at the OneSpark HQ and after having to refill the meter on my parked car a couple times, it was due time to get something for lunch. I had been hearing about Uptown's fantastic spread for awhile, so that's where I headed after moving my car closer to the library. I loved how immediately at home that I felt upon walking in. I am a huge fan of the Bookmine and I seriously think that a cafe is definitely what is missing over there (after being at this location). I was planning on coming back to browse the bookstore after volunteering, but the bookstore side is closed on Mondays. The cafe offers food for everyone. They do have vegan choices, but they also have meat choices. No one is left out here. While I love my greens and salads, I've tried giving up meat and it never worked for me so I got a bit of both worlds. I ordered the BLT wrap with mustard, instead of mayo, and a half of the house salad to go. I'm not sure what they put in their house vinegarette, but it was divine! Two things that I loved: 1. The wrap was separated into two halves for me and wrapped separately so that if I wanted to save the other for later, I could. 2. The half of a house salad container was at least 4" deep and at least 6" across. It was huge, and inexpensive, for only a "half" salad compared to the likes of Panera. I wish that I could have sat there to eat and enjoyed the atmosphere. In any case, I'm hooked and I'll be back to eat and shop soon.
Coffee shop and used book store, it's like bread and butter, fish and chips, beer and pretzels... just a perfect pair. The offerings at the shop ranged wide in terms of beverage, pastry, and sandwich options. We went with a warm cider and then made our way to the books. Great big sprawling two levels of 1/2 off bundles of knowledge in whatever subject matter you needed. I easily came away with a half dozen. Great location too, just a few blocks from good restaurants, the Visitor's Center, and the Landing. Parking wasn't even an issue downtown (but then again I am here in January). Enjoy it!
I love the Bookmine on Roosevelt so when I heard they were opening a downtown branch I was at least a touch excited (I can't super hyped about anything downtown yet).  It's setup just like the bookmine meaning it's a loosely organized, gigantic store with old, mismatched shelving.  If you want birght light, shiny new books and powerful AC then go to Barnes and Noble.  Chamblin's gives you more of that musty old book smell.  All used books are half off the cover price which is pretty sweet.  They have alot of new titles in great condition, so you just have to sift through until you find one that looks good. They buy books too...I sold about 15-20 books to them for $30 credit.  I bought stuff to read and still have $7 left. I really hope they stay open and get enough business.  It's pretty obvious that downtown busniesses struggle.  The owner did by the building though, so that might indicate his desire to stay there for awhile.   I like it and will return for my reading material needs...Support local businesses!
**review based entirely on food experience** MIL and I spent a very confusing morning on Saturday wandering through downtown, wondering where we could scrounge up something to eat.  No one we met seemed to have any idea what was open on the weekend.  (I know, I know ... I'll never go anywhere again without consulting Yelp first!)  Finally, we were directed to Chamblin's just in time to hear a lady loudly complaining to the management that she had never been so ignored in her life.   Well, we weren't ignored, but the staff member waiting on us certainly did a good job of making us feel that she was doing us a huge favor to take our order and our money.  The food was good, but I'm not entirely certain I'd feel comfortable returning if just trying to patronize their business causes that much drama.
This review is strictly about the bookstore, not the café - we'll do that another time. As used bookstores go, Chamblin's is pretty good.  It's well-organized (by subject matter, sort-of).  It is larger than it appears from the street (there are books upstairs).  It has a pretty good selection of books in each area.  I would also add that they seem to have a decent supply of first-editions, leather-bounds and so forth, but that is of little interest to me - I am a reader, not a collector.  Anyhow, I am always able to find something I like.  Actually, I should back up and point out that they also sell new books, mixed in with the old, but I call it a used bookstore since I would guess that old books predominate.  The staff is wonderful; they give good service and are always cheerful, engaging shoppers in conversation, sharing information and stories.  It is a cool place to shop (it even says so on the door!). The only downside to Chamblin's is their pricing.  Prices are marked in pencil inside the covers, and frankly, they tend to be on the high side.  I don't like to haggle, so I never do.  If I don't like the price as marked, I won't buy it.  On the other hand, their pricing is also inconsistent - today, for example, I found two copies of L. Sprague De Camp's "Ancient Engineers", hardbound, within two feet of each other in the technical books section, one marked $7 dollars, the other $12.  Oddly, the $12 one was older and slightly worse condition.  They were different publishers, but neither was first edition or anything really collectible - so what justified the price difference?  Who knows?  I bought the $7 one. Need another example?  Well, I also found three copies of T. Frederick Davis "History of Jacksonville, FL", hardbound, all for $70 each.  Two were very modern reprints and one was an older copy, but again, unless I am missing something, not a particularly collectible item, so why is the old, beat-up one the same price as the new ones?  It is a mystery to me.  Besides, this particular work can be read online for $0 and is also in the public library a stone's throw from Chamblin's, so I'm guessing those books will sit for a while until the right buyer comes along. Bottom line: I love it.  It is a great place to kill some time, and if you look around, you can find books priced correctly, or at least books that are so cool that you are willing to pay more for them.
So, I was wandering around like I normally do and I came across this on the 2nd floor -- a whole WALL of manga graphic novels! media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…  media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… OMG If I could only grab a bunch and step back in time to the 8th/9th grade. I'd be so jealous of myself! Lol. Too bad I'm not as into it anymore and work has taken over all my time even though I can afford anime/manga much easier now. Begging your parents gets old. heehee. So, calling all anime and manga fans, get your anime fix and for much cheaper than you'd buy it at barnes and noble, books a million, or the comic shop (or if you are old skool and still order directly from viz). Anyway, you know I'm too old for it, but maybe my son isn't. ;) On another note, I went to the travel section (a regular stop for me). Usually the books are divided into sections by country and region, but seems like a hurricane swept through because nothing was in any kind of order this time. As for the food, they had made a booboo one time and gave me a burnt sandwich without even noticing how burnt it looked. Wow.. Came and just plopped it on the table, not much of any word. media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… Good thing they replaced it promptly after I said something about it. Haha. media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp… The soup was ok.  media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…
It took me 10+ years of living in Jacksonville to check out Chamblin's Uptown, and when I did - WHOA! I've never experienced anything like it in Jacksonville. What a marvelous place: people watching, used books galore, and the best part: the little cafe. It seats probably 25 and there are a few tables outside as well. I love the veggie #1 wrap but add the creamy goat cheese. It's a tomato basil wrap stuffed with cucumber, mixed greens, tomatoes, hummus (!), vinaigrette, pepitas, almonds and some other goodness I can't recall. Delicious for $5.50. And they have a full coffee bar, with a self-service area too. You can opt for a refillable mug (and they're funny - had the Sigfried and Roy one last visit) and try various flavors. They also offer almond milk, which is a great alternative for non-dairy types. There are two hot soups usually. The black bean, African peanut and wild mushroom have never failed to disappoint. And there's the cookies...each day a different "cookie of the day" lies happily wrapped in a bowl by the register and snatch one of these gems up for just .50$. Can't beat it! You can trade your old, used books for store credit or they'll give you cash back (less than they would for whatever credit you'd earn). I've done both. I've also gotten lost for hours in Chamblin's. It's cozy and inviting and a perfect fixture downtown.
I love this place! I am totally addicted to the turkey croissant. (The Uptown location has a cafe, the other does not...wouldn't it be nice if the other one did!?) The people who work there are super friendly, and you could lose yourself for hours and hours in all the books.
Typical city style cafe and I say that with compliments. Great selection of Vegan and Vegetarian offerings. The granola I had was very fresh and tasty and I was surprised to see they offered both soy and almond milk. Multiple, unique tea selections allowed for a fresh change from a normal coffee house and the outdoor seating is great for smokers and those like me who just wanted to have an urban vibe surrond me while reading.
Great bookstore, definitely a place to visit if you have time to explore. This store carries used and rare books as well as any new book in print- if you don't see what you need, be sure to ask the folks at the front counter if they have your book or if they can order it. Usually they can get a book in a day or two, and in my experience their prices beat the chain store book prices! Chamblin's has become my go-to book dealer. In addition to the great service and selection, this book store is in a great location downtown and is bike-parking friendly- lots of secure places to lock up right out front in plain sight. The cafe is great too, with a wonderful vegan and vegetarian selection.
While it's not a destination place for me, whenever I'm downtown, I try to come up with an excuse to treat myself to something at Chamblin's. Nevermind that the entire staff is a revolving door of skinny white girls. I'm a fan of this place because it combines two of my favorite things under one roof while also being situated in a busy and bustling part of downtown. This place has the flavored syrups I like for my mochas, like peach, strawberry and pear. Also, when you're done eating, you can walk next door and get lost in the labyrinth that is the attached used book store. Now, someone looking for higher standards would balk at Chamblin's Uptown because the menu is very limited, but you have to think of this place more like a cafe instead of a restaurant. In other words, think of a more localized Starbucks with a bigger menu. I mentioned how much I love where Chamblin's is located. Right next to the main library and kitty corner from City Hall. A museum is 100 paces away and down the street is the Jacksonville Landing. This is a great local coffee shop.
The original Chamblin's is one of my favorite places. I'd been to this location a few times but ate there for the first time today. The staff was very friendly, the food was fresh and tasty, and the book selection (as always) was great. I ordered the vegan chili and half of a goat cheese salad. The chili was fantastic, though it seemed like more a  vegetable soup than a chili to me. It was a tiny bit spicy but not so spicy it wasn't enjoyable. It had large chunks of veggies and was clearly freshly made. The salad was also great and much large than I thought it would be. It was fresh spinach with tomatoes, sunflower seeds, and a large pile of goat cheese. I was only able to finish about half of it after I ate the soup. After looking through the book selection (not quite on the level of the original store but still great), I grabbed an iced mocha on my way out. There was an option of regular milk, soy milk, or almond milk (no extra charge for the alternative types). I choose almond milk. The drink was well made and still cheaper than Starbucks. The only downside I could possibly imagine is the parking situation. I hate street parking. There is a parking garage around the block but it's kind of expensive. I find it easiest to visit when the meters on the street are off. It's also right next door to the downtown library, which is really nice.
Chamblins Uptown is the type of 'third place' (somewhere you spend time outside of home or work) that every good neighborhood needs.  Residents and visitors of Downtown Jax can enjoy a cup of joe, a bite to eat, free wifi and an incredible new and used book selection all while enjoying great views of Hemming Plaza.  Chamblins Uptown has even increased their seating options with the recent addition of sidewalk seating in addition to the already popular patio seating and indoor café seating.  On any given day, a spontaneous musical interlude may complement your experience as the outdoor patio contains a piano painted by famed artist Lee Harvey that is open to be played by anyone that may fancy themselves a disciple of Beethoven (or at least a master of chopsticks). The Huffington Post named Chamblins as one of the top 12 bookstores in America.  It's easy to understand why once you begin to venture past the vibrant café and into the sarcophagus of this literary beast.   The bookstore is a two story shrine to wordsmiths that initially looks as though your hoarder grandfather who used to dumpster dive behind the library married a schizophrenic carpenter.  One might feel as though you will be crushed at any time by an avalanche of words when shelves of books stacked 8 feet high finally give way and bury you alive.  Your only hope of survival would be that the sound of books crashing would awaken the grandfather asleep atop a stack of Tostoy who gets up to find out what went wrong.  But this quirkiness just adds to Chamblins' charm.  This isn't a cookie cutter Barnes and Noble, and when you get beyond the aesthetics... you'll quickly realize that Chamblins Uptown is much more substance than style. For a local history nerd like myself, Chamblins Uptown offers a great selection of rare and out of print books about North Florida.  If you are looking for a great gift, you could also browse through a fantastic selection of leatherbound classics.  Need an inexpensive book about electrical circuits, the history of Playboy, designing a football playbook, cooking clams or acing your SAT?  That's all there too, just ask Jennifer or Ron at the front desk and they can recite the exact location of the book you are looking for within inches of its location (I once moved a book one shelf over during a weekend experiment and they noticed upon my return visit on Monday).  Too A.D.D. to finish an entire book?  Chamblins also has a vast selection of CDs, cassette tapes, VHS tapes and DVDs.  They even have a 'banned section' which boasts a new CD and book every week that has been tossed out from some community of puritans.  I can personally attest that the weekly CD selection in this stack is always a great buy.  If you are low on funds or perhaps have a plethora of books collecting dust at home, Chamblins has a great resale program where you can get cash or store credit for turning in old books. All in all, Jacksonville is very lucky to have such a place.  If I could just find that cot in the back where gramps sleeps, I'd probably never leave.
I was wandering around the downtown area trying to look for a coffee shop with wifi and ended up here, upon the recommendation of the receptionist from the Museum of Contemporary Art. The people working there are awesome.. I was in the area visiting for the week and asked about places to check out and they suggested some really good spots. Food was awesome. I really liked the breakfast wrap.. and awesome americanos.  Great atmosphere and super chill. Will def go back next time I'm in town!
Great atmosphere and tasty cafe. The food prices aren't the best but the book prices are great! Along with a great price there is a great selection in books. It's a great place to just hang out and look at many interesting books, music, and more.
This is a great place to find books. There's thousands upon thousands here. Since the sheer number of books can be intimidating, the staff are friendly enough to help you find whatever book you need. The only drawback is that they have horrible hours. Open until 5pm?! A place like that would do even better if they were opened until 9 or 10!
I'd only ever been to the Bookmine, and it's probably my favorite bookstore ever, but I finally came here to go to the cafe and the bookstore. I assumed this location would be a lot smaller than the Bookmine but holy crap! It's huge! Yes, not as big as the other one, but I about 5x larger than I expected. It's two stories and has tons of books. Obviously, I was totally impressed. Fantastic place. My sandwich at the cafe was good and the cafe had nice ambiance. I didn't appreciate the tip jar notes about fascists/terrorists/other bad people not tipping. It makes the staff seem like entitled brats, when they otherwise were nice and helpful.
Had a wonderful time again today, ate at the cafe a wrap Veggie #2 with coffee &  then transitioned to the book store and looked at a few outdoor and coin related books.  The store has a good amount of new and rotating inventory as I discovered and picked up a GA Global Architecture Series.  These are Printed in Japan since 1972 with English and Japanese.  The photography is stellar.  I purchased Volume 15 about "FLR Taliesin" for my the mid century modern photo project.  The staff are amazing and very helpful.  Great food and book selections.  Ron has a wide selection of almost every topic imaginable.  Ask to take a look in the tall standing glass case for rare books.  Outstanding amount of History and Photography books too.
Why is it that the gay/lesbian section of Chamblin's is always located next to the erotica section?  This is true of both the downtown and the Roosevelt locations.  So, here I am trying to find a first-hand documentary of Stonewall and I have to stand next to a skeevy guy slowly paging through a 1970's edition of "The Joy of Sex" (you know, the one where the illustrations make the man look like Charles Manson.... Don't ask me how I know that). So, I like this Chamblin's because it's smaller and, therefore, less intimidating than their main location.  Due to the space issue, they're also forced to be slightly more organized.  I say slightly because there is still very little rhyme or reason for the arrangement of books on the shelves.  What I've found is that fiction is arranged alphabetically by the author's last name.  More popular authors have their titles collected into little sections that periodically appear within their category more or less alphabetically but these "author sections" cause the overall alphabetized category to have to regroup sometimes especially if said "author section" doesn't take up a whole shelf.  Got that?    Non-fiction is arranged alphabetically by the subject matter within the category.  For example, the "landscaping" category will have "flamingos", "gnomes" and "wood cutouts of people bending over" in that order.  CDs and DVDs are thrown onto shelves haphazardly and left where they land.  To be honest, you go to Chamblin's to browse.  If you're trying to find anything specific, then god help you. This location also has a café.  I didn't try any of the sandwiches, soups or salads, but they have a very serviceable chai tea latte and free Wi-Fi.
So I found myself in Jacksonville attending a work-related conference and as fate would have it I decided to stay an extra day to make my trip worth it. Since my hotel was essentially close to everything, I decided to wander around downtown J-ville and visit MOCA. After checking out the museum, I was starving because of course my hotel didn't include free breakfast; therefore, I found myself starving AND in need of a coffee fix. Because it was Sunday, I was concerned no quaint coffee shops would be open. But as I walked closer to this place called Chamblin's that the MOCA gift shop clerk recommended to me, I realized that this place was more than just "quaint." It was exactly the type of place I was looking for--relaxed, coffee-infused, and well priced. I decided to try out their turkey croissant sandwich, which included a cranberry chutney that really made me glad that Thanksgiving is coming up soon. Combine that with the Green Mountain coffee, available in blueberry and certified free trade organic among other options and it was exactly what I needed. After eating, I turned around and suddenly realized that Chamblin's also houses a used book/cd/dvd store. And an overwhelming (in a good way) one at that. I searched through shelves and shelves of interesting books, and even found an early Christmas/birthday present for my friend that I know she'll love. With two floors of books translating to an almost limitless amount of shelves on each topic, I don't know how you couldn't find something. And the neat thing for Jacksonville residents is that they seem to accept a lot of used books and pay a decent price for them (I saw someone dropping some off as I was checking out). All in all, Chamblin's Uptown is a really awesome place that I will definitely keep in mind if I ever find myself in Jacksonville again. I sincerely don't think I would have had as enjoyable an experience if I hadn't spent like 2 hours getting lost in this cafe/bookshop.
I love this place.  It's great for used books and cds.  I used to go here every day to get a chai tea latte, but recently they made it without the sugar.  Needless to say, it didn't taste so great.  If you're going to order a drink from them, I recommend you check it before you leave the coffee-shop area.  Street parking is rarely a hassle, as there are normally open parking spaces on the street surrounding this location.
Does this bookstore need another rave review, probably not but I'll write one anyways. By far my favorite place to be in Jacksonville is at Chamblin's Uptown. The bookmine is great but Uptown offers a different eclectic ambiance that's simply irresistible. The host open mic nights in their cafe that are really enjoyable. Every first wednesday of the month Art Walk takes place right on their side walk and it's hard not to go in and browse the artwork they have on display. You can tell being in there that the owners and individuals that run this store really care about the community and the people in it. They are incredibly helpful and the cafe, don't even get me started on how amazing their baristas are. If you find yourself in Jacksonville in need of a new book, peace of artwork, or you just want to feel like you are in the epicenter of the city go to Chamblin's Uptown and you will not be disappointed.
