Ok.  First the bad news. When previous reviewers call this place a dive...they are being kind. The place is a dump.  Now for the good news. The food is pretty awesome and the service efficient but a little stand-off-ish. They definitely are more friendly to the regulars. We started with the appetizer special: Shrimp & Cream Cheese Stuffed Jalapeños. Nothing fancy here and just what it says. A good sized shrimp, wrapped in a hunk of cream cheese, jammed into a jalapeño, breaded, fried and served molten hot.  Outstanding!  They apparently are famous for their fish sandwich and it does not disappoint. A big hunk of perfectly fried (or grilled or blackened) fresh fish perfectly cooked and served on a fresh kaiser roll.  Very nice!  My partner had the Oyster Po' Boy. A tad over-cooked but still very tasty says he.  Fries and Onion Rings nicely done. If food is more important than ambiance...this is a great place with reasonable prices. We would definitely come back.
Excellent blackened snapper sandwich. Legit cool "dive" atmosphere. Will stop in again for sure. Love to support restaurants that are locally owned and run by the hard-working owners. They keep costs down by being cash only and keep their operation simple. I can appreciate that.
Local gem!  Rustic ambiance.  We knew it was going to be special when we walked in and the suits were sitting next to the rednecks sitting next to the family.   Gotta do the chowder but it's better to share so you can try one of there incredible sandwiches.  Everyone raved about all of it.  In the middle of nowhere but worth a long drive.  Yes, it's THAT good and we are from Baltimore where they know a thing or two about seafood!
Everyone needs that little shack by the water, that is their go to for all things seafood. Luckily for Jax, we have Chowder Teds! When I typed in the address to Waze, I kept looking for the unpaved, obscure road, off the beaten track.... and actually missed it smack dab in front of me because it was right there! (Look left right before the bridge.) The place is super causal and funky, just how you hope a little seafood shack would be. Next visit, I'll order the special, but this trip, I was craving oysters somethin' fierce, so opted for the Oyster Po Boy and onion rings. The Hoagie was soft and easy to bite in to, oysters were absolutely perfectly fried, and it was topped off by generous and leafy lettuce, tomato and a great sauce. Wouldn't change a thing about it. And the onion rings?! You know, at some places, you take a bite and the all of the onion comes out in that one bite, all mushy? NOT HERE FRIENDS: each bite was perfect, and the onion stayed in tact to ensure each bite was the right amount of onion and batter. Nothing special or crazy about the batter, just a solid ring. The chowder was warming and perfect for a cooler day, savory with a kick with nice seafood bites in the amazing broth. And lucky for me, it's only a quick 20 minute drive from Riverside... so I can't wait to go back for whatever Ted offers up as the special that day! (Highly recommend by other Yelpers!) Keep it up Ted! Made me smile that our group gave him a standing ovation after our lovely and fun dinner!
I get it. I understand why Bryan L. goes here multiple times every time he is in town. I'm not going to drive out of my way for it when I have several options at the beach, but this place deserves a Triple-D nomination for sure.   Met a bunch of friends here for an early dinner. Was having a hard time figuring out what to order even though everyone was recommending the Daily Special. The special of the day was a Blackened Tuna with a ginger sesame salad. It looked good, but the Oyster Po'Boy was calling my name. The oysters were plump, the sauce was plentiful (but not overwhelming) and the flavor just worked. It filled by belly on this overcast evening and made me a happy girl. I do look forward to trying a couple of things if/when I make it back to Chowder Ted's. Definitely wouldn't be against scheduling in a lunch on my way to the airport, that's for sure.
I had Chowder Teds on my bookmarks for a while and finally decided to try it. The location is a bit remote. I had to drive 20+minutes from the south side to get there. The restaurant is what I expected, no frills and close by the water.  I ordered a burger and my wife had the shrimp poboy. I wasn't too impressed, my food was mediocre. Nothing really stood out with the flavors. The shrimp was ok. It was nothing special. I'm not saying its bad but it is definitely overrated based on my menu choices. I can only rate what I ate. I definitely won't drive that far again for a 3 star experience. The ambience is what it is, very small with limited and close seating so if you are claustrophobic keep that in mind. This is minor : I had water and it tasted awful, like bad tap water with a marine flavor. Oh well. My experience might not be typical and I might have been happier with different menu choices but I can't see myself ever making the exodus to Teds again. That's my review and I'm sticking to it.
We love this small local hangout!  We are lucky we are also local because that means we get to go regularly!  Amy is an awesome server and Ted is amazing with his food prep!  Love watching his organized work in the kitchen.  Some think it is a dive but we love our local dive because the food is always great! Our favorites are the smoked fish spread, cajun burger, onion rings and every special Ted decides to offer for the day!  We love Chowder Ted's!!!!
During dinner with a group of my Yeeps, a friend and I decided we wanted to check it out. Although the menu isn't very extensive, what they offered look quite pleasing. I decided on the Cajun shrimp sandwich, my friend ordered the tuna sandwich and we split a 1/2 pot of Ted's Chowder. Everything was extremely tasty. I would definitely make the trip to Chowder Ted's again.
We had just gotten to Jacksonville from Missouri and were exhausted. We went to the first seafood restaurant we could find open from Yelp. We were not disappointed. I was hesitant at first because we were taken down an unpaved road on the bay and couldn't really see the place. It was off the road in a little bit of a dip. The inside had a very - "you obviously aren't from around here vibe", but I was more than happy to eat their delicious food. I had a grouper sandwich - first time having grouper and not the last. It was great! My partner had the oyster po boy which was also wonderful. I highly recommend this for a quick tasty meal with friendly service.
I have to be careful writing this review, because there are some friends who will slash my tires if I speak ill of Chowder Teds. Let's start with the positives.  The location is cool; sort of in the middle of no where by the water.  The service was very friendly.  I had the oyster po boy, which was pretty tasty.  I'd have it again.  Two other guys at our table got a tilapia sandwich, which looked MUCH better.  Next time I'd get the special blackened fish sandwich. So how was the half pot of chowder?  Ok, I guess.  Everyone loves it, so they must be doing something right.  Would I get it again?  Probably not, but don't let me stop you. I'll definitely eat here again.
Best Manhatten chowder I ever had, and I am from NYC! Even better than (which actually does exist, and I have been there; not with name on TV show); "The Soup Nazi" is the title of the 116th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld, which was the sixth episode of the seventh season. Anyway nice place, good service, on the water on Heckscher Drive.  If you ever want to taste the best comfort food chowder you must try this place!
Didn't have the famous chowder but defiantly will next visit!!!! The place is infront of the water even though its next to the major road toward the beach but its super peaceful late afternoon. Had fish sandwich and can't remember the other sandwich name but both were delicious ! They had good amount of beer menu and some wine. Small local place, been open for 18 years , friendly staff , and cook right in front of you. They don't take credit cards so bring cash !!!
Most delicious red chowder I've had in a long time! We call it manhattan chowder and it doesn't have olives - this was a great place! We had calamari, 1lb of peel and eat shrimp, and 2 1/2 pots of chowder. The freshest and tastiest peel and eat I've had since Miami beach! Plus the whole thing was $29 with tax. If you are on 295 or 95, it's worth the 10-20 minute diversion to come here! Other reviewers are right, it's easy to miss. The hours vary, though the owner said usually 1pm is opening in a Saturday. But open and close times vary. The specials when we came were blackened mahi and calamari and crab cake. Everything was delicious and big! They have beer and soda (and a little wine). There are only 5 tables and a 5 person counter, so if there are more than 5 cars in the gravel lot, you'll have to wait a bit. People were happily waiting for delicious seafood. Try it!!
Amazingly fresh food! Super service! Worth every penny! After having a pretty chill day at the beach my friend and I were hungry. I'd never heard of Chowder Ted's until that day. Oh. My. Goodness.....! Amazingly fresh food! Super service! Worth every penny! The location of Chowder Ted's is freaking perfect. Amy was out waitress and she was such a sweetheart! She was genuinely nice and welcoming. The seafood tasted so fresh!! The view was amazing, the restaurant was emaculate and they have Duke's ,my favorite beer on tap! The funny thing about this place is that it didn't smell like a Seafood restaurant but it damn sure as Hell serve up the best seafood I've ever had. It takes me about an hour to get there from where I live... I would seriously make the drive without going to the beach!!
Amazing! Best seafood in Jacksonville. Fried shrimp was perfect. Not to much batter, sauce was amazing. They have a jalapeño slaw that I want to bathe in .
First off....  I'm from Jacksonville.  I was born here, on the north side, and so was my mother and my grandmother.  I wasn't impressed.   Everything here is fried, meaning I can accomplish this food at home.  The conch fritters were good but they are frozen.  The chowder is good, but not great.  It's basically a way to use up the leftover fish.  This is fine with me if they are using local fish.  The chowder smells like the disgusting well water in their drinks.  Don't order water here or tea. I wanted it to be better.  No local fish - only options were tilapia and Tuna.  Shrimp were from China, not Mayport, which is right down the road. They do have local beer on tap which is the only reason they are getting 3 stars.
Had the unique pleasure of dining at this fine establishment. Given, the exterior doesn't strike your fancy when you first roll up... nor does the interior really. Wouldn't even say the vibe you get from the Yelp pictures give you an accurate depiction of what you should expect. If you're a local, this type of establishment may be the norm. For an out-of-towner that is used to a big city, not so much. In any case, don't discourage yourself from trying this place out. Yeah, it's definitely a dive but they really do set the bar fairly high for food quality and service. Staff is incredibly friendly. Won't lie, our group definitely had a few looks from the locals that made us feel a little out of place here, being city folk and what-have-you, but made absolutely no difference in our service. Food was exactly what you would expect from a dive bar located right on the water in Jacksonville- good portion of fried seafood. Their specials are pretty decent too. Wings, sandwiches, fried shrimp, fried conch (what we had)- all good choices. Beer selection is above average. They definitely don't have everything on draft but it was good to see an IPA I haven't tried previously. Think it may have been a local brew(?). A little nestled on the back roads near the cruise terminal, but if you do find yourself in this area, be sure to try this place out.
How could I live on the northside for 7 years and never hear of this place!!! First of all, water based drinks taste like the local water. Don't like it- don't drink it. The beer tastes just fine! Second, this isn't McDonalds and you know that so don't go in and not expect a line and a wait for quality food. Third, it's cash only. Come prepared. Check the board on your way in and see the daily special. That is what you want for the day, trust me. I got the Blackened Tuna and it was perfectly cooked on a kaiser roll with lemon, lettuce, tomato and the Chowder sauce (aka fry sauce). Amazing amazing amazing. We will be back and we will be bringing everyone we know.
I had never heard of this cool little hole-in-the-wall joint because I stay on the Southside, but it's been here for 18 years.   Ted's has a short, focused menu and adds six daily specials on chalkboards at the door.   I tried both some fried shrimp and the blackened crab cake.  The shrimp were delicious, fresh-tasting and perfectly cooked (though with a bit too much breading for my taste).  The crab cake had a bit too much filler vs. crabmeat.  Still, it was very tasty indeed and perfectly prepared (the all-time Jacksonville champ for crabcakes remains Dwight's Bistro on Penman Rd. in Jax Beach).   Nice local craft beer on tap.   I look forward to a return visit:  the blackened tilapia here is supposed to be fantastic!
The pot of chowder is fantastic, well worth making the trip across the Dames Point for by itself.
Absolutely fantastic. I had the oyster Po boy which was fried to perfection. Hubs demolished the Cajun burger. Our server, Amy, was amazing. We will be back. Often! Can't wait to try the chowder & conch fritters.
On a cloudy Saturday night with a harvest moon rising in the East, I found my way to this little place (on Criag's sterling review) just 2 miles East of I-295 on the North side of the St. John's River. I laughed when I saw this small blue building on the edge of the river's tributary as it was surrounded by a sandy parking lot and looked like the furtherest thing from a restaurant that I had seen recently. Once inside, my opinion changed immediately as I was welcomed not only by the waitress, but also the other patrons of the casual and modestly comfortable space, which might have seated 25-30. While I was standing at the service bar, some of the patrons were talking to me about the menu and offering their opinions on what they liked. Spying my favorite section of any restaurant, I noted the beer selection generously supported local breweries with Bold City, Intuition, and Green Room beers as well as a representation from the "usual suspects" (Bud/Corona). After a friend joined me in the small dining area, we proceeded to sample the suggestions of the other patrons. I was pleased that the restaurant had made a stunning Cajun-styled and broiled grouper, which was served with spicy fries with Buffalo Wing sauce. That was an application I did not expect, but the Green Room's Pablo Ale served well to assuage its fire. After we finished, I discovered the bill to be very reasonable. I should note this is a cash-only venue, so one should be prepared. Looking back at my visit, I was very happy with this little place and i look forward to visiting again to try more of their Cajun-inspired cooking.
CASH ONLY!!! Awesome lunch spot!! I came in both days i was working in the area. Had great service and awesome food both days. I loved the fresh catch of the day. The shrimp were super fresh and cooked PERFECTLY. The Chowder was AWESOME!!!!  Loved the special sauce they use on everything. The O-rings were excellent, as were the fries. My Oyster Po Boy was great. Perfect portion, good bread and fresh oysters. This place is a true hidden gem in Jacksonville. I only wish I could ship this deliciousness back home with me!!!!
I really enjoy finding local hole-in-the-wall places like Chowder Teds turned out to be. Who knew a tiny concrete building could have such amazing food? I've been there multiple times and have had the blackened tilapia sandwich, conch fritters, the chowder, the Cajun shrimp sandwich, and clam strips. ALL DELICIOUS. The chowder is not your typical creamy white soup, but more like a minestrone with vegetables served in a pot. Yes, a pot. So creative. The tilapia sandwich is huge and so worth every bite. Also, conch fritters you cannot do without. Consider having your own basket to yourself! All in all, it's a wonderful place for kids, a date, or honestly any occasion when you want fresh seafood.
It is always good to do your homework (especially on Yelp) when you find the most underrated, highly valued establishments.  I will say this about Chowder Ted's - it was very good and I would like to personally thank the Yelp Jax! team on their recommendation. Venue: A hole in the wall (which in most cases, these are the gems).  Unpaved parking that surrounds the building.  If you are driving too fast down the main road, it can be be easily missed coming from I-295.  It will be on your life at about 2 miles down on the left. Decor:  Kind of dingy in there but that's alright.  Couple of pictures on the wall.  I will say that it was up to 10 tables in the front where you take orders and then there were a few tables off to the side passed the bathrooms down the hall.   Service:  Whoever the lady that served us, she was upfront and very honest about the menu selections and recommendations.  She was prompt , was knowledgeable about what to go for, what not to go for from what it seemed. Environment:  A take out or sit down place to enjoy with family, friends, a cool little date.  Something for everyone.  Very casual, no tuxedo needed. Food:  Specialize mostly with seafood, chowder and burgers.  I ordered the fried shrimp and tried some of the cajun shrimp.  Fried shrimp taste fresh & so clean clean * Outkast Voice *.  The cajun shrimp was simply delicious. Prices:  Very reasonable, most items will be under $12 Debbie Downers:  I was hoping to see more items, more selection on their menu after frequently visiting many places like these in my years.  However, overall satisfied Yelper!   Conclusion:  I definitely recommend this place if you are  a seafood lover, want your best bang for your buck Overall: Grade B+
Checked this place out after reading Mark B's reviews, this place is definitely a hidden gem. I ordered the blackened tilapia sandwich and the fried oyster po boy, both were delicious. Its cash only and there isn't very much seating. I'm going to make Chowder Ted's my new to go to spot for Friday lunch.
The kind of restaurant I'm looking for traveling. A taste of the local dining, affordable, homey, friendly service. we tried the draft beer, daily special, and regular menu. I love the chowder in a pot (it's literally in a pot!) how unique. The food was delicious, crab cake sandwich, tilapia, hoagie, etc we were all satisfied! Waitress even wrote down fishing places for us when we asked her for suggestions. Accommodated to our requests for Cajun, ranch sauces.
Had read about this place before and was looking for an excuse to try it out.  Should have looked hard for the excuse because this place is great!  Had the 1/2 pot and 1/2 hoagie and had a hard time to stop eating the chowder and eat the hoagie.  With such a small place it was easy to view what others were eating and hearing their comments.  Every thing was positive.  Service was friendly and efficient, paying attention to the small things such as extra napkins and keeping the drinks filled.  Good value for the money.  Have to get back there sooner rather than later.  And it's much closer to I-295 than what I thought.
The chowder is not the New England clam chowder I was craving but this Ted's version was quite deliscious. The broth is not as thick as a typical chowder; thinknmore of a minestrone soup, but I enjoyed the little kick it had. The crabcake I ordered was the most deliscious crabcake I have ever head! Giant succulent pieces of crab meat with the perfect sauce ontop. The raspberry vinegairette on the mixed greens salad was perfect.  Not too sweet and a just a bit of a tang to it. Overall a very enjoyable meal and I loved the small business homey atmosphere. I love it when a waiter can tell me they've worked here for 17 years, eat here every day and still enjoy the food. I highly recommend taking a date here at a ferry ride or the family.
This is what i call a true taste of seafood, the spot is located off a dirt road right by the water. The place is a hole in the wall decorated in true fisherman fashion. The inside is very quaint and lined with wood tables and chairs. Obviously by the name, you gotta order the Chowder which is actually some of the best i have ever had, the chowder is hard to describe as it is not quite like clam chowder or manhatten or anything like that, its like a seafood chowder with huge pieces of fish, crab, scallops etc.... the catch of the day sandwhich is always good and makes for a great lunch. Don't forget about the sweet tea. Compared to other seafood spots in Southern California, this place has those covered, it is truely a gem out in the middle of nowhere where port workers and dock workers go for a quick lunch. be sure to say hello to Ted himself as he is usually in the back stirring up that signature chowder. highly recommended!
This is one of those places that you walk into wondering... Cash only??? Not so great looking from the outside...And you are so pleasantly surprised! Ted does it right from the very start! Fresh ingredients, fresh seafood and awesome preparation. It's kinda like a meal and show in one cause he cooks right there in front of you. Way better than the Japanese grills though! I've had grouper, snapper, shrimp and chowder. All are amazing in that he really pays attention to details. The Cajun tarter sauce  is the perfect accompaniment to his fish. Don't let the outside fool ya into not stopping in. It's the perfect spot on the way home from surfing at Huguenot beach when you are so hungry and thirsty you. Stop in and see Ted!
Yeah, it does not look like much and you could easily miss it, but what you find inside Teds is a no frills and good value place to get your grub on. Check the blackboard specials first. My pick so far has been the Ultimate Sandwich. Perfect both times I've been, perfectly fried fillet, soft bun, really good tomato & lettuce and smothered in that wonderful slaw. Chowder has great flavor with a little kick. Get there early because they can fill quickly.
I'll just add my vote to all the others who recognize what a great little hole in the wall this place is.  I stop in occasionally for lunch, since its close to work and it is consistently full of people and delivers high quality food with attentive service.  Since chowder is in the name, you should definitely have a saucepan of chowder (yep, that's how they serve it).  Shrimp, clams, tomatoes, veggies, great broth with a little kick.  On my most recent visit, I had the special of the day - blackened tuna steak over mesculun greens.  Very, very nice sushi grade tuna blackened / medium rare and tender inside..
Well I have just returned from Chowder Ted's for the um-teens time. I had the chowder and it was a good as always. I just love this stuff with plenty of fish and shrimp in it. I also had the boiled shrimp with a good amount of seasonings. It has Little heat to them and the cajun tartar sauce complements them in just the right way. They did have snapper on the board today. That's one thing you can count on is really fresh seafood. I can also say that Ted his wife Carol along with Amy the best server. They will always remember your name and call you by it coming and going from now on. I really love the food I get from Ted's. You can never go wrong at Chowder Ted's from an beer after work to some really good munchies.
Be warned: the chowder itself is quite unusual. It's a very salty over-seasoned, tomato-based fish stew. And when they say "pot of chowder" they mean it actually is served in a cooking pot. Quite a hearty serving! Other than that surprise, food was decent. The "catch of the day" was tilapia. Hmmmmm. The salad lettuce was green and leafy - no iceberg here. All in all a fun and friendly place, but not my fave.
Holy Mackerel! ( you see what I did there? )  I'm just going to put it out there... I LOVE YOU TED...you seafood slinging genius!!!  My beau and his father have been going to Chowder Ted's for years.  They own a local irrigation business and travel around the city a lot.  Every time they are on the Northside of Jacksonville you can bet your bottom dollar they're going to drop by and see the master himself.  FINALLY, he graces Chowder Ted's with my presence and I have never been the same.  Their food is nothing short of phenomenal! You HAVE to try the chowder ( being it's the namesake and all).  I'm a huge New England clam chowder fan...this is a far cry that yummy creamy deliciousness.  Ted's chowder is in a category of it's own.  Tomato based broth with huge chunks of fresh fish, clams and veggies with a one two punch of perfect heat at the end.  It's truly "soup"erb.  And the sandwiches...oh the sandwiches!  I'm pretty sure the poor tasty devils were swimming about 2.3 seconds before hitting the flat top.  A) all of the fish is incredibly fresh  B) the fillets are quite possibly the size of my head C) the bread is perfection ( fellow sandwich lovers will agree, bread can make or break a sandwich) D) the toppings are ripe and fresh E) they serve the "sauce" (which I could write a whole review on alone!)  on the side and allow you to dress it to your liking...i could go on about the sandwiches but I'm sure you get the point ( my fave is the oyster po-boy, BTW)  Their appetizers and sides are "off the hook" as well.  The onion rings and fries are always cooked to golden delicious perfection.  I would slap someone's grandma for their jalapeno poppers and conch fritters...as I would for pretty much anything on the menu.  I personally love the atmosphere.  It's just all around awesome, I love the ambiance of the place and the laid back, chill atmosphere. Ted's is always slammed and I'm sure he could move on to "bigger and better" locations but he doesn't.  This makes me love the place even more, Ted stays true to his roots.  Plus he's always in there cooking away, you don't see that from owners often.  I wouldn't change a thing about this place...well maybe one...I wish I would've found it sooner!  Chowder Ted my taste buds praise you ( my waistline...not so much!)
From the moment I walked in the door I knew I was gonna enjoy my experience here. Service greeted us when we walked in and let us know there were more seats in the back, being that it was packed in the front room, good sign of a good joint. Cheap bottled and draft beer. Even if you are unsure of chowder, you MUST try theirs. Served in a pot as if you made it at home. Extremely fresh and full of flavor. Chunks of seafood and fresh veggies, served with house made garlic bread. Ordered the Cajun shrimp sandwich. Great size meal for only 8 bucks. I literally finished it in 3 mins bc I could not put it down, it was that good. Just enough spice to feel it but not too much to overwhelm it. If you are in the area and have a 20 in your wallet, this is def a place you need to stop at! Remember it's cash only. But don't let that stop you from coming in.
OK...I use Yelp often but to be quite honest, I don't write many reviews myself.  I was really torn about this one because while Chowder Ted's may be a dive, it is very popular and often crowded.  It isn't a very big place so you should get there early!  So for my own selfish reasons I've tried to keep this place a little secret. This place has by far the BEST fish sandwiches I've ever had!  I've even tried to order a fish sandwich at places where one is offered just to test my theory and you just can't beat theirs.  I order the Blackened Tilapia Sandwich with Fries.  My husband also loves the tuna which is a thick piece of fish cooked to perfection, slightly rare on the inside.  As often as we go it has never disappointed.  The fries are fantastic and I'm not even a huge fries person.  The other night my husband ordered a burger (I've seen many do this) and I asked him why he would do that if you can get the BEST fish sandwich ever.  To my surprise, it was the BEST burger in Jacksonville, that's why! Service is always fantastic and you will always feel welcome!  If I had one complaint it would be this....I wish they were open later.
Love Chowder Ted's! Yummy, fresh seafood, great daily specials, and fantastic friendly service. Don't miss the fresh seared tuna, a half pot of chowder, and onion rings! We also love the fried shrimp. Perfect to stop in and say hello before heading out fishing.
This is the type of place the locals rave about and keep a secret. The food is fresh and served with a smile and amazing attitude. Price is easier to swallow than the food.
My new favorite whole in the wall!  I don't like red chowder but my husband ordered it and said "you have to try this". I did, IT IS FANTASTIC!  We also,  had the poppers and onion rings. They were the best I've had in a long time. Lastly we had the calamari.  It was very good. I wo Ull highly recommend coming here but be prepared to wait.  Seating is limited.
Been to Ted's a few times now.  Never been disappointed.  Have had a variety of menu items, burger, tuna, shrimp - it has all be excellent.  I don't consider it a dump or a dive, rather an "intimate dining room with local character"- ok, no it is a dive, but who cares, the food is awesome.  The staff is very friendly and you won't go waiting for a refill or a smile during your meal.  Worth the drive and the wait if you time it wrong to enjoy simply great food.  Don't forget to bring cash as that is all they take.
I am so happy one of my friends recommended this place! The pot of chowder definitely feed 2 and comes in a actual pot! We had fried fish sandwich, shrimp, and shrimp po-boy all very good. I would not recommend the wings they are pretty basic, who needs to eat wings at t seafood shack anyway. I look forward to returning.
Been going here since I was a kid. Just a little "hole in the wall" type of place right on the water. Saucy shrimp is the best! It's not on the menu but tastes like bang bang shrimp (better in my opinion). Delicious fresh seafood!
Nothing fancy in fact this place fits the long told message of not judging a book by it's cover Chowder Ted's is a true Florida fish shack located right on the water with great food in a casual setting. Occupancy in the front half is tight but 25 maybe another 25 in the back room. Service is observant and fast. Food is very good including local shrimp and clam strips, Grouper & Mahi sandwiches with an original jalapeño cole slaw. It was very tasty. Keep an eye out for daily specials on the board by the front door. Closed Sundays and Mondays.   ***Bring cash, it is a cash only establishment***
Decided to try Chowder's because friends said it was great.  We had the Swamp burger, Fish sandwich, Ted's famous Chowder, French fries and onion rings.  All was very good.  The onion rings and chowder were worth the trip themselves.  We will definitely be returning.
Dear Lord.....what the heck is that on that fish sandwich: magic!?
My brother and I ate here for the first time and the food is delicious. We went on a Friday, and it was packed-we were lucky to find a free table in the back. We ordered four sides: conch fritter, fries, onion rings and 1/2 pot of chowder. The conch fritter had just the right amount of ingredients that the conch didn't get lost amidst the flour, onions and seasoning. The soup was simply amazing: a tomato based chowder with carrots, celery, potatoes, fish and shrimp. I could get this as a full size and be happy! We ordered the fried shrimp and Cajun shrimp as our main entrees and they were simply delicious too. They were both fried in just the right amount of batter so the fresh shrimps weren't overwhelmed. I enjoyed the Cajun shrimp more than the regular fried one though-it had a bit of a kick to it, but it wasn't so spicy that the heat overtook the shrimp. Over all I would go back. There's no way you can beat the price and the quality of the food!
I have been hearing about this place for years. Unfortunately they are not open on Sundays and it would be a good day for them to be open. Happened to be in Fernandina yesterday, Saturday and like the drive along A1A. Called ahead and was informed they close at 7:45 on Saturdays.  Decided to give it a try and I am glad I did. If you are driving the speed limit you may miss this gem. On Brown's Creek with a dirt road turnoff on A1A. First, it is very inexpensive. Wine and beer only, Bud bottles $2, Blue Moon Draft $2.50. and glass of wine $2.75 (wish more restaurants would have reasonable prices like this). Since it was called Chowder Ted's had to try the chowder. Not bad. It is kind of a spicy Minorcan fish stew, tomato, celery, onion, carrots and fish. They serve it in a pot with garlic bread and the price is only $6.75 and easily feeds 2. The ultimate Snapper Sandwich, $11,  was one of their specials. Very good. About 8 oz of Fresh snapper on a hamburger bun with fresh coleslaw, lettuce, a very ripe good tasting tomato and their famous Cajun sauce which was very good. Looking forward to going back and trying their fish sandwich, only $5.50, Oyster Po'boy, $6.50 and the Cajun shrimp sandwich $5.95. I am a fan.
