Best massage ever,  so happy and relaxed!  Will definitely be coming back to see her, Poppy.  The room was so comfortable and inviting.  Her hands did magic.  Great place!
Great experience and great service! I wanna go back again :) the staff was very friendly and also very qualified
This salon looks like a bar from the outside and isn't anymore impressive on the inside.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Very friendly but poor quality salon services.  I had a massage, hair cut, and eye brow waxing and was sincerely disappointed.  I asked for layers what I got was something that looks like three bowl cuts stacked on top of each other.  She also waxed my eyebrows which came out uneven and she left wax on my face.
Kristen did my shellac mani. Finally after trying a number of places I find the diamond in the rough! On a Groupon too!!! Not sure what drugs the other reviewer was on, but looks nothing like a bar inside or out. I will definitely go back to Kristen and I might check out a massage after the great comments I overheard last night.
I only went here because someone gave me a groupon for a massage and I most likely will not go back.  The place is not too appealing from the outside and the inside isn't the nicest either.  It was pretty busy when I went and it was really loud inside.  The massage room was not the nicest either.  It was very empty and plain and I kept just felling like it was dirty or something.  The room also must have been next to a break room or supply closet because I heard a tot of talking/laughter and sounds like boxes being thrown around during my massage.  On the plus side, Alicia, the girl who did my massage was really great.
I like this place. I found out about it on groupon,, its not the most glamorous looking place, but its not dirty. Its a clean salon, they've got great deals... And if you don't want to pay way too much for salon services then this is the place to go. Everyone there is really nice and they really care about their customers. They've got all kinds of special deals and it would be very difficult to have a bad experience there. Don't listen to the other review. For the price you pay, you get stellar service.
