I was honestly surprised when I first walked into Rain Dogs. The atmosphere is a perfect, low key setting. The beer is great, and it's actually an enjoyable bar in Riverside. I hope it doesn't start to get super packed like the other bars around, because I like having a beer and conversation without having to yell. They have a fun trivia night, great music, and great people!
Stopped in here for a beer with some old & new friends. I was exhausted, so I didn't stay very long, but I was still impressed with this little joint. A nice selection of beers, a good supply of tables (indoor & out) with plenty of stools. Don't let the dark exterior/interior scare you away. It may be dark, but the people are friendly. And they're definitely up with the times, using Square for their transactions. Getting my bill on my smartphone is a lot easier to track than having to remember to ask for a receipt. I would actually give this bar a leg up over Silver Cow solely for the ability to maneuver through the space a little bit easier. I love the tables in Silver Cow, but when they get busy, it can be hard to work through the crowds. However, wading through the smokers gathered in the front area can be a little bit of a downer. Jury still out on which one would be the true victor in a bar lounge-down.
Rain dogs is a bar for everyone and I'm slowly falling in love. I have been here quite a few times now for shows and it has been growing on me. On any given night, there will be music in the front of the house as well as the back. The back of the house is usually booked with known locals and travelling bands. I was in attendence a few weeks ago for Fjord Explorer, Civil Brute, Fort Stories and Orlando band, Mojave Wilde. That show blew the roof off of Rain dogs. It was one of those nights where the energy just kept on building and it was amazing. The same thing happened this weekend with Mighty Oak Festival, just a fantastic amount of energy emanating from all who performed. The back room is fairly small for a venue. If you definitely want to get in for a show, I suggest that you arrive early. My only qualm is that sometimes the staff in the back changes fairly often, depending on how busy the bar gets. Even though I have arrived early for a show, and paid the door (typically $5), I'll get stopped, by whoever wasn't there from the beginning, and questioned if I paid to get in. It has happened a few times now, so I'm wondering if they just have a problem with folks sneaking in the back to catch a glimpse of a band or if they just need to start using bracelets. In any case, a better way to account for attendance may be needed.     There is a decent selection of beers, liquor, a few wines, and their signature red or white sangria. I have only had the red so far and it's pretty darn good. They will fill your glass to the brim, which is a very good thing at $6 a glass. You can find a bit of seating around the front end - the bar itself, tables, a couch or two, as well as outdoor seating using wine barrels as tables. A friend of mine actually found the Game of Thrones beer here, so that sealed the deal on Rain dogs for me.
What a cool little bar! We were bored and wandering around 5 Points on the 4th of July when we stumbled upon Rain Dogs.  We thought it looked like a cool little place so headed in for a beer.  This is definitely a hipster heaven with very kitchy decorations and fun music. The drink selection was really good and the servers were friendly.  I would like to come back later in the evening as I can imagine that the night life here is really fun.
I've been in Rain Dogs a few times now, and while I haven't ordered anything besides beer, I am a fan. Nice large bar, clean bathrooms, and outside seating for folks, with a cover overhead to keep you dry from the rain. There is usually some sort of entertainment, but it's never been so loud I can't have a conversation with my friends at our table. It's not fancy, but it's not a dive, it's that nice comfortable and familiar feel that comes from a favorite neighborhood bar with a great crowd. I've come in a little dressed up and then last night, in my 60's hippie chick outfit with a flower sticker smack dab in the middle of my forehead and I didn't even get a weird stare. :) Yay. Since it's been so hot, I do enjoy that they have the Radler here for a nice refreshing option when I've had too many beers... Definitely a fan.
Stopped in here last night for some drinks after our Elite event with hubby and a couple of Yelp friends.  I really enjoyed myself.  This is a very calm, cool place to chill.  No DJ last night, but they were playing pretty mellow background music through the speakers.  I like the fact they actually had it at a good volume, which is so often hard to find in a bar.  It was loud enough to hear and sway along to, yet no so loud that you had to yell at one another to have a conversation. Tables set up in the bar with bar stools, and they even have a comfy looking couch to lounge on.  Next to the couch, but what did I spy with my little eye?  The infamous "leg lamp" from A Christmas Story!  I've never actually seen one in person, so that was pretty cool! Nice full bar area with an attentive and friendly bartender.  Liquor, bottled beer, and beers on tap.  I'm not a beer drinker, so sorry, but I did not happen to pay attention to what was on tap.  Not sure if any of it was local or not. No smoking inside, but they have a covered patio outside with 5 or 6 tables and bar stools where you can grab a cig.  Also noticed a couple of people outside had their dogs with them, so they are dog friendly. I recommend this place if you're just looking for somewhere to relax and have a drink with friends.
Had an awesome time here after the Elite Event at Hawkers.  The atmosphere is very laid back and it's not too loud like other bars I've frequented in the past.  There's plenty of seating for those of us who don't want to stand at the bar.  The bartender was very attentive, as he was quick to take drink orders of people at the bar.   There was music playing through speakers spread throughout the building, but it was at a low level, so you could carry on conversations with people around you (the volume was high enough that you could still hear the music playing in the background).   As for drinks, I had a couple of beers, one local (I don't remember the name---sorry), the other Budweiser.  Maybe next time I'll remember to write down the beers I try before I'm too inebriated to do so!!! (I had already tried several of the beers at hawkers prior to arriving at rain dogs)
This is a relatively new place in 5 Points.  It's a cool chill place.  I've only been for a few beers after work so I don't know what it's like at night.  They usually have good music playing, good beers on tap, and the owner is nice. Support a local business and hit this place up.
Good service. Good vibe. Good looking. Good music. Good drinks. Yeah, its good. But I just went on a Wednesday. P.S. "Rain Dogs" is the name of a Tom Waits Album and Tom Waits' fans have long been referred to as, you guessed it, "Rain Dogs." Enjoy.
Friendly service, excellent vibe from a diverse crowd, seating inside and out. Seems great but something was missing that kept this from 5 stars. The Music.The DJ sucked the night we were there. Just terribly and that kept the energy and people off the dance floor.  I'll be back to check it out again, hopefully the same dude won't be behind the gear.
I stopped by with some friends and really was surprised. I like the look of the place. Great drinks, great service, all around a great place. I will be back. nice to find a nice kicked back place. Not too loud, not pretentious, very clean. Just right. A+
Very chill vibe. DJ and no cover on Saturday. Not typical riverside grunge but not pretentious either. Def will be back. Very nice addition to Five Points :)
Apparently, I was at Rain Dogs on their fourth official day of being open, which also was the Fourth of July.  The name Rain Dogs is a little confusing, but it is a term for dogs that get lost in the rain and can't find their way back home. I'm not sure if this is alluding to the fact that the owner of Rain Dogs used to have Lomax Lodge on Lomax Street, but opened this bar in Five Points on Park Street. I've always been a fan of his bars: Burro Bar, Shantytown Pub and the former Lomax Lodge. Rain Dogs is actually the most polished of his endeavors. It really feels like a bar that could be in the West Village of New York. It has a lot of artistic touches and I really like the sheet music wallpaper in the bathroom. I'm not sure if Rain Dogs will have music, since I think that was one of the problems with Lomax Lodge.  When I went Rain Dogs had maybe five draft beer options, and I am hoping that they will have as many as Burro Bar in the future. I also hope they get the Mannequin Pis Belgium Beer that Burro usually has.  They also serve wine, but I'm really not a wine drinker, so I really can't comment on their selection.  Rain Dogs is a great place to meet people for drinks. I've always loved Five Points, so I'm really happy to have Rain Dogs there.
