I've been here a few times for only drinks, only apps and a few times for drinks & apps.  I really can't say that I've ever had a bad time here.  If you feel like getting dressed up and having a night out, this could be your place. The bartenders are usually very attentive and friendly with absolutely no attitude.  The place is very spacious with a nice outdoor patio for having a bite to eat with a group, going on a date, meeting with a friend or two or just coming in by yourself to enjoy the atmosphere & people watch.   Not all nights are packed, but sometimes there is a line out the door.   I'm not a big club person anymore, but I  always feel at ease @ Suite when I have gone.  This last time, I came to be a wing girl and meet some pretty funny people.  The bartenders at the sidebar were super nice and made really yummy drinks.  And if I'm the designated driver, the kitchen offers pretty decent munchies to nibble on while I sip on my water.  Parking is pretty easy and I have to admit, it's fun to go to the Town Center once in a blue moon.....
What can I say? I really expected a lot more. The website will definitely fool you. This place is advertised as a hip and trendy night spot. In my opinion it is far from that. It is a restaurant with the lights turned down low and a dance floor. My friends and I wanted to get a table and the manager told us it was a 2 bottle minimum for 4 people! (HU???) Why should we buy 2 bottles? It's only the 4 of us, and the price changed 3 separate times from 250 a bottle to 190. Once we got inside, the menu price for a bottle was 175. I don't understand why a business would jeopardize the trust of a consumer! I will never get that. Once inside the bottle girl assured us we only needed 1 bottle and a few mixers. The atmosphere was decent, the music was okay but we made the best of it. I saw people in there with t-shirts, shorts and sneakers, so I don't think the dress code is strictly enforced. Over All I give Suite 3 stars. It had good service once you get past the ropes, and okay music.
Great decor, drink list an bartenders. However would live for them to get something going earlier than 9pm...some if us do work most days. In addition, given that they still want to uphold a dress code which I admire, most nights they seem to target a fairly young audience that don't understand what a dress code is. This property is owned by the same investors of Whiskey River and Blackfinn. So when they opened up, I thought that the intent wax for it to be an alternative to Whiskey River. Unfortunately since Whiskey River shut down, it seems that Suite has expanded it's target audience to the detriment of the customers that were their mainstay.
The space was trendy dark and sexy. I came for the nightlife so I can't speak on the food. I liked the outdoor bar area. The cranberry long island was tasty. The music was pretty good. An upscale vibe in a suburban town center area.
The most awkward and uncomfortable bar I've ever been too. Me and my husband came here one night, waited at the bar for a drink. No one tried to help us or even looked at us for that matter. And the place was practically empty. Bring back whiskey river to the town center!
I'm in town from San Diego so I was recommended this place. It's ok for where it is and the location I think they try to pass off as some high end nightclub/bar not exactly the gas lamp where I'm from but for Jacksonville this is where you can pretend. Can I give the locals some advice take it down five levels your in Jacksonville not LA or Miami.lol! Over all  the bartenders were cool drinks were good but prices were that of a city not for here in suburbia. It is what it is I was prepared.
The bartenders were nice but the floor is disgusting! Also we were ignored at the outdoor patio. More clatchy then classy
The Leukemia and Lymphoma had an event here and the staff was wonderful.  They showed up early, put their "Alice in Wonderland" costumes on and went to work for charity.   I am a father of three young children, so I am rarely in a lounge, bar or club, but this was classy, clean and again, the staff was terrific.
Vey classy, upscale venue with amazing food and a never ending list of events. This is the go to place for a nice night out. I went for Valentines day to an "Anti-Valentine" event. The decor was nice, they move the tables out of the way later in the evning to make room for a dance floor and there are several bar areas including one open to the outside which was nice to visit intermittantly inbetween bouts of dancing to take advantage of the cool night air. My only complaint is that my jacket was stolen, which makes me think shouldn't nice establishments have a coat check? I think that would be a value added addition.
I don't love this place but I love the staff that works here that's why I'm giving it 3 stars. Otherwise, I would drop in 2 stars. I've come here several times before the 10 pm when the place started to get really busy. I've gotten to know some of the staff and they're all really cool people. The things I don't like about Suite is as follows.  My complaints would be 2 star worthy. I hate it when the bathroom guy gives me dirty looks for not tipping him. Do you really expect me to tip you when you put soap in my hands and hand me paper towels? I'm not inept and I can do all of that myself under normal circumstances. Just let me have access to the soap and paper towels and leave me alone. People smoking inside by standing next to the inside part of the outside bar. If the wind is blowing in the wrong direction, expect a wave of second hand smoke hitting your face and giving you cancer. The music on Friday and Saturday night is pretty terrible. It's typical top 40s crap and LMFAO. I have to drink to numb the pain of hearing "shots shots shots shots" and "I'm sexy and I know it". They can stop making music now and DJs can go ahead and stop playing their garbage. Come here during the weekdays, especially industry night, and when they bring in guest DJs playing house and techno. Avoid on Friday and Saturday night.
My girlfriends and I love going here for a night out after dinner on a Thursday night. The place is on the smaller side compared to other clubs I've been to but it is a comfortable layout. I enjoy getting there a tad earlier to avoid the cover charge. Sometimes especially on weekends it is unavoidable. If you sign up for their email list they will alert you to up coming fun events. Their drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders always make good cosmos ;) they better. It's my favorite. I've had a salad from the kitchen and it was delicious. The music is usually great to dance to. It gets hoppin around 11:30pm and from there the dance floor is crowded and intense. My girls and I can always find a dance partner and if not it is still a blast. We went for my friends bday and for an hour we got free 3 olive drinks. Awesome. The only problem we've ever had is one night their was a concert for a DJ who played house music the entire night. Sorry but not my groove. That was disappointing night.   This is a great place to go.
I was here for a Network After Work event, and this place seems pretty classy.  The staff all wore bustiers, which I thought was a little strip-club-esque, but other than that, they were attentive, the drinks were well-made by a great bar staff, and the atmosphere was perfect for a networking mixer.  I will definitely come back for the "club" side of the experience.
I really wish I could assign 1/2 a star. This is about a 3.5 but i'll round up because onl;y one area seems to be consistently be a problem. Great decor, great dj's/entertainment, great bartenders, great servers. Great wine options. A place that actually keeps an adult dress code. Every so often you see a few people slide, but just assume they know the staff or are in VIP. Where they fail: drink prices and food. Had tapas several times and every time the food sucks. Food that should be chilled comes out warm. Hot food comes out cold. And it's all tasted either nasty or flavorless. Drink prices would be a bargain in the NE. But for the area they are much higher - but the quality of the drinks makes the price bearable.   While another reviewer said bartenders cut drunks offs. I haven't been able to witness this myself. The sun wasn't even down and some fool was loudly shouting to what seemed an uninterested woman and a server was flagged out to take his glass and return with another, while everyone around looked over every few seconds in pity for the woman trapped by the boozier.
Most of the time we love it. However, even in the VIP lists, the servers and the you g lady who takes reservations often act snotty and forget they are servers. Working at Suite doesn't make them Upper Crust of the human race. The valets are always great. The food has always been good. Flatbreads, hummus, sliders, it's all good. The bartenders are good about cutting people off when they are drunk; I'm do glad to see that. Good music most of the time. We enjoy going when we are at the town center!
If you like House and Techno music, then Energy Wednesdays are the day for you at Suite. They work with Redline to bring in big name DJ's, like BT, George Acosta, Cedric Gervais, DJ Baby Anne (coming next week!), etc. My friend and I went to see BT, and most the night was Deep House, till he took the stage. The coolest thing about living in a town where Dance music isn't as popular, is that you get to actually meet and greet with the DJ (make sure to bring your camera!) and tickets are cheaper. I've paid higher prices in Gainesville. We got there at 9pm. It was pretty empty but people really packed in around 11pm. Oh, their kitchen closes at 11pm and their margherita flatbread is soo delicious. $10 but big enough to feed 3 people. I took it home and now my son wants to go eat there. Their N-Tini drinks are strong but still flavorful. I hadn't even finished the first and I was already starting to fade (part of why I ordered the flatbread). When the N-Tini drinks come out, they are smoking, literally. The N stands for Nitrogen and they add chilled liquid nitrogen to the drink. I ordered a Roasted Almond N-Tini and another one (I can't remember.. my mind might have been fading by this time). I really liked our bartender. She was really friendly and helpful, but she's moving away. Aww... They have different levels of VIP seating (more expensive the closer you sit to the DJ), and if you want to spend extra dough just for the privilege of a few hours, do your thang. There was a girl who was being stingy with the space. My friend and I were just chilling at the edge but she kept bugging about us being nearby even if we were minding our own business. Other than that, the crowd was pretty cool and chill. The only other weirdo was this perv that stood behind us during BT's performance. Gross. As for BT's performance, he was awesome! The club was soo cool, they delayed closing time at 3am since we were all still pumped with energy at 2am.
Overall, I think this place is trying waaaay too hard to be something it will never be. I love that there is finally a place with decent food and bar during the day with an appealing club scene at night (haven't been there for late night, but they have brought in some pretty solid DJs, which they get props for), but the fact that its at the Town Center just makes it another cookie cutter, whitewashed McRestaurant and Club (FYI, the owner of this place is the same as Whiskey River *ick* and BlackFinn Restaurant *yawn*). I've only been to this place for after-work drinks since it's right by my office, and it's good for that. Cocktails for $2.50 and house wines for $4 is Ok by me. Good atmosphere - clean, modern and a nice outdoor bar with a variety of seating. But last time I was there was a Friday happy hour and the whole place was decked out for a "white party" later that night which sent my eyes rolling. I've just been to too many great clubs over the years (note: not in Jacksonville) to be impressed. And a red velvet rope? Puh-leez. I'm not a fan of slutifying the waitstaff with wannabe Playboy bunny costumes and bringing in pseudo celebrities like Dreida from Mob Wives (who cares?) but maybe they'll ditch all the fake pretentiousness eventually... maybe. I've had one really great bartender experience - funny, knowledgable, entertaining - and one terrible one - "is this guy deaf or slow?" I loved the tuna tartare when I had it, but then I ended up puking all night with what seemed to be a mild case of food poisoning. But I think it was a fluke and I'd still try the food another time. Beware of the signature cocktails unless you like paying $14-$16 a drink. Overall, it gets a "meh" from me, but I'll try again and hope for better.
Went with a group on a Friday night. Very pretty interior & nice patio. they have a dress code requiring slacks, but the manager let our beach bum friend in. The crowd was decent, very mixed. Drinks were way to expensive though $15 fancy martinis. They have lots of happy hour specials & different nightly events. Pros: swanky decor, fancy drinks, dancing Cons: cover charge ($5 ladies/$10 guys), $15 martinis, Overall this place is just OK in my book, mainly I think it's just not my scene.   I wrote this quite a while ago & didn't add anything new... I just couldn't publish from my phone!
Four stars for atmosphere, two stars for the food, three stars for the martinis equals a three-star rating in my mind. The sleek, dimly lit, slightly upscale interior is small yet cozy and inviting. There's a large outdoor patio which is nice, and large space heaters radiate in the winter. SUITE, outfitted with two indoor bars and one outside, serves mostly tapas (1/2 priced 5-7 p.m.) but I was unimpressed by everything our table ordered. Went with several friends and we all ordered a different grilled flatbread. They were all dry and lackluster. Our Tuscany (artichoke hearts, prosciutto, Romano cheese and extra virgin olive oil) was bland and dry with hardly any flavor. Our friends had the margherita (fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil, EVOO and balsamic glaze) and it too was severely lacking in the flavor department. The shrimp and crab ceviche (crab, shrimp, red peppers and mango, served w/ crispy gyoza chips) was bland too. From the "Signature Plates" section, the grilled steak over toasts (topped w/ horserdish cream) was flavorful but the steak was very chewy and impossible to eat without fork and knife. The Slim List martinis (less calories) are amazing. I love the Root Beer Indulgence and Blondie. They are pricey but delicious! The Flirt Tini is my favorite. The expensive N'Tinis (chilled to -320 degrees) aren't worth the $11-14 price tag. Stick with the Slim List or grab a beer or two. Live music (a la DJ) makes SUITE a happening place on Friday and Saturday evenings, complete with red carpet and line down the sidewalk. And conveniently, Libretto's Pizzeria is right next door and open late for passersby to grab a slice, or two.
Nicer, upscale spot in Jax.  Lower levels of hipsters, bro's here, but still some douches.  Chicks were dressed up pretty nice though. $10 cover.  I got there at 11pm and there was no line. 2 dudes in front of me got denied entry, cuz one was wearing a T-shirt and the other was wearing shorts. Drinks were reasonable Jax prices...$5.00 for a Red Bull Vodka...it was Popov's though. Music was a top 40 mix...the over the top part was the chick who was spotlighted, playing the violin along with the songs.  Honestly, that was pretty hot. Overall, I had me a great time...they gotta make sure they keep their customer service up and treat people with respect though. Oh and around the back bar and restrooms smelled like vomit.  Nasty.  Can't you smell that and clean it up?
Two stars for nice decor alone. I went to Suite last Thursday, which is their Ladies Night, to support a friend competing in the nationwide Venus swimsuit competition. My friend placed 2nd out of roughly 1,000 girls (woo hoo!) but I was less than enthused with the Town Center bar. First of all, it's a nightclub in every sense of the word; velvet rope outside, a snarly doorman in a suit, strobe lights and bass thumping at 9 pm. Honestly, all that pomp seems a little ridiculous for a place located inside a mall! Inside, sexy bartenders in corsets were chatting up their managers, who were hanging out behind the bar with half-open, silky shirts and gel-spiked hair. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for personal style and girls playing up their assets, but this tackiness coupled with a complete lack of customer service was pretentious and unappealing. I stepped up to the bar in my sundress and flats and was completely ignored for more than five minutes as the gals behind the bar chatted with their fellow employees about the girls competing on stage. A couple times one bartender even looked over to size me up before turning back to her conversation. Lame. When I finally got my drink, I had to point out that they charged me full-price, even though a TV screen overhead advertised half-price drinks for all ladies after 9 pm. Politely, the bartender informed me that I must have ordered my drink too early, which was probably why I was charged full price. Ehhh, it was 9:30. She seemed a little embarrassed and offered me my next drink for free. OK, atleast they made right on that. I would leave this at one star except that the space itself was actually pretty nice. An open room with two levels, Suite has a mostly wood decor and flattering loungy lighting. There are three bars total, and the largest one serves a spacious mingling area with high-top tables that opens up to a patio complete with low couches for lounging. Too bad when you look outside you remember that you're smack in the middle of an outdoor mall! This place would fit in much better in South Beach than off Gate Parkway in Jacksonville. Overall, It was an awkward experience that had me dying to dive into the nearest dive bar.
This is a Tapas, Lounge, Nightclub I highly recommend in Jax area. Free valet parking (a must at town center), great tapas food, well made drinks, nice crowd, three bars (one semi-outside). This place has everything, and the ambiance (somewhat Avant-garde) is one of two best in all of Jax. A little pricey, but well worth it. Staff is very efficient, friendly, and everyone is dressed smart. I will surely return!
No fair representation in club photos. I've been going to SUITE on and off for the past year and a half, and noticed that there is no diversity on their staff. Sure, the dance floor is a melting pot looking like the beautiful United Nations. Last weekend I was there (sober) and my eyes were opened. EVERYONE working there was a non-person of color. It was sad. The only ethnic person working there was the lady in the washroom. Here's how my eyes were opened: SUITE's photographer was only snapping diverse photos. I, as a person of an authentic tanned complexion, tapped him to snap photos of my friends and I. Then he offered to snap single shots of the three of us, showed them to us all and said they looked great, and to look for them on the SUITE FB page. To our demise, the photos with me weren't posted. Only a shot that contained a cut-off of my rear end (go figure...). I was curious to see if I was the only one. Nope. Other ethnicities were few to be documented in the same album and countless previously others. The only plus is that is one of the cleaner clubs in Jacksonville. Then again, the cover and drinks are expensive, and the music is subpar (which are things I can somewhat deal with).  Sorry, SUITE, you've lost a customer. Please do better.
If you are a foodie then you will like this place. We had the amazing flat bread pizzas (savory sausage & peppers), $10 mozz stuffed turkey burgers, gorgonzola kettle chips,$9 ginger pork meatballs, yum! They also have a new cheese and vegi plate menu. Some other dishes are shrimp and crab ceviche, tuna avocado cushion, strawberry and feta salad,$16 lobster Alfredo, $12 lamb burger, $15 key lime salmon... Great half price happy hour from 4pm to 7pm on there the salads, light fare, and flat breads, $2.50 dom beers, $3.50 imports. This place has a night club atmosphere and very hot, sexy ladies working there so it would  be a great place for the guys to get together for a few drinks with lots of eye candy. Three huge full bars, one on a patio.  There is patio seating as well. As a married couple this place will make you feel like your on a hot date, so definitely plan a date night here.
Nice place for a small meal or to party the night away. It is a bit reminiscent of the blue martini in every way. Jax really needed a spice of life other than the beach area. This is a bit more classy and the live entertainment and djs keep you in a good mood. The bartenders are so adorable and sexy rather they be women or male. The corsets are sure to keep your attention and keep you drinking if you are a guy! great job SUITE! My only complaint is they have no cognac at all. Oh let me take that back they do have louis XIII a big step away from offering an XO..
Always have a great time. Tyler is the best bartender there!!
It seems very bizarre to have a club in the middle of the TC but what do I know?  They appear to do a robust business so clearly people must love coming here.  It is a bit too full of itself for my tastes, but I have found myself here on several occasions after dinner.  If you are young, full of energy, and looking for a hookup this is a must for you!
Food, drink, dinner entertainment, and world class djs... Sexy staff and a cool atmosphere.  Hard to beat a place that has it all.  I recommend you check it out! It's a cool place to have a drink or 2... Dance and have good time.
Average food, pricey drinks, pretentious atmosphere, generic lounge decor. But hey, if its all you have in the way of nightlife I guess you're  stuck. I suspect jacksonville can do better. I just haven't found it yet, but I'm new to the area
I went to Suite for an after-dinner drink on a Tuesday night. It is within easy walking distance from Blackfinn and Whiskey River. The front section was relatively full at around 8 pm. I ended up sitting at a table in front elevated section which really lacked ambiance. The music was very boring. Also, it seemed dusty and dirty which I can only describe as going to a house that has been remodeled and there is still a fine layer of sawdust over everything. I noticed that the shutters by us were covered in a sawdust, which was visible even in low lighting. I guess Suite is trying to be like Blue Martini, since their cocktail waitresses were the same ridiculous blue corset top. Anyways, I regret that I ordered the French Cosmo, which was okay. I should have ordered the N-tini which is a super cold nitrogen concoction. My friend thought she ordered that, but instead was served a classic martin, that she said was disappointing since it did not have the blue-cheese stuffed olives that were promised on the menu. I will go back to Suite just to try the N-tini and to see if the ambiance has improved.
Didn't go for food. Heard so much about the "upscale" club, so when a friend came into town for a visit, we decided to check it out -- on a Saturday. I wasn't highly impressed with the place, it was smaller than I expected. The drinks were expensive and some mixed drinks were pretty weak. The dress code was a joke. You have some really nicely dressed people and then some that looked like they just walked in from Whiskey River (no offense). The music was techno, not a big fan. I remember thinking, "the only way I could enjoy this place was if I was really drunk." So, we stayed a bit longer and gave it a chance. It turned out fun, in the end. Maybe it was because of the friends that turned out? Maybe it's because the music got better as the night progressed? Or maybe because I got really drunk? I'll say, it was okay.
Met a friend for some drinks and light nibbles to start off the night.  We sat outside on the couches.  Nice! Martinis were good and the food was just what I was looking for - nothing too heavy.  Our waitress was sweet. I felt bad for her that she had to wear that slutty slut-tastic outfit though...  she looked like she had a hard time breathing. She did drop a bottle and it smashed all over the place. Maybe she wasn't getting enough oxygen in her brain. Left a big tip
I've booked VIP tables here for several events to celebrate my birthday and other parties over the years. The managers/event coordinators were always quick to respond to my emails, phone calls and my meticulous demands.  My friends and I always get the best treatment at Suite! If you want class and sophistication this is the place to be!
Pretentious as hell.  Full of attitude...and for what?  It's in a strip mall.  NO.
I hit Suite for happy hour and enjoyed the patio and half priced appetizers. The tuna appetizer is delicious!  I'd recommend for happy hour and surprisingly on a Friday at 6ish, it was not jam packed, which was nice to be able to chat with my friends.
I would give this place a better rating if not for their admission policies...I actually think the atmosphere is nice, the drinks were well-made & the bartenders were friendly. But i would advise everyone, especially ethnic someones to go online and put yourselves on the list. If you're brown & standing in the general admissions line be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes ++ for no apparent reason or to NOT get in at all. So skip the headache and put yourself on the list or you could try bleaching your hair & skin but I still doubt you'd make it past the guards.
Here's to you, Mrs. Robinson! Looking for a place to spend too much money on cocktails while picking up cougars? Even better, what if it looked remarkably like a hotel bar? You'll be at home at Suite, where aged mediocrity shines and stepping outside depressingly reminds you that, yes Benjamin Braddock, you are still in suburban Jacksonville. Suite has an astounding identity crisis. It is trying very hard to be the "hip" place for recently graduated sorority girls to go to drink chocolate martinis while flirting with young lawyers. Instead, it ends up being more Marriott than urban. If you're truly looking for a great place to get drinks in an environment that thrives on culture, go to Dos Gatos downtown. Heck, I'd rather go to the pathetic Landing downtown -- at least it has a moderately urban feel to it.
My girlfriends and I celebrate a birthday there last night. The atmosphere and decor is lovely and put you in the mood of  the Blue Martini.  However, I wasn,t happy with the over price weak martinis.  The food is ok, but I expected more.  We sat near the outside area and realized after a certain hour, or if they have meet their magic number of ethnicities (read blacks) they turn you away, all the while letting others (read whites) in.   My friend's brother was in line and we were wating for him, he text 20 minutes later and said, they won't let me in.  It was definetly not full inside.  They have lost all of us as customers.
My friends and I went on a Tuesday for dinner and drinks. It was Latin night and they had a live band playing- at least until 10. The girl at the door tried to charge us a $10 cover but the manager came over and let us in without charging right away. We ordered several apps and entrees. Some of the food was a bit pricey for the portion size- the mozzarella turkey burger was the size of a slider and cost $10, also the tomato napoleon salad was $9 and it was two pieces of tomato and cheese. Other than that the rest of our entrees were tasty and the portions were huge. I recommend the Chardonnay chicken. The service was really good our server said she was new but she was attentive and gave us extra pita when we asked for more to go with our hummus plate. The drinks are expensive 7.50 for a shot and their N-tinis are about $14, but the tinis are worth it for a special occasion. Overall I would go there again, but probably not too often.
