I absolutely LOVE this store! The clothing quality is great, prices affordable, and the clothing has broad appeal. There is really a lot of care put into what they stock in the shop, in terms of it being trendy and fitting a broad range of body types and needs. This is a Must Stop on Elmwood!
This womens clothing store has been here forever. And when I say forever, I mean it easily surpasses 25+ years. Funky womens' clothing. It ranges from casual to something you might wear to the office. The styles tend towards the young work hippy or the chic private school student. They have a good selection of coats as the winter season approaches. The accessories are usually very "in" and range in price.
Love this store , they always have cute fashion. My only complaint is that they run out of sizes easily . But I guess you have to expect that at a smaller shop. Still great though! I have a sweater I bought there 3 years ago and I still wear it.
Debbie the owner has a gem of a shop on Elmwood!  Along with her charming personality, her shop offers a wide range of everything a girl could want.  Funky jewelry, trendy accessories and sharp clothes. I love the fact that there are only a few pieces of each piece.  Small business at its best!  Complimentary gift wrapping as well!
This shop is one of my favorite places to go into on Elmwood!  They have casual and dressy styles of clothing, but everything is hip and in.  You gotta check out their hats!  So cute!  I bought a really cute homemade fabric headband for 8 bucks.  They had baskets full of them in all different patterns!  They also other have awesome accessories anywhere from handmade to quality name brands.  The prices are not bad either!  I was surprised how reasonable some of the items were priced compared to other clothing stores on Elmwood.  I love going here because I always find something, and I always have to buy it!  It has been around for a long time!  My mother said 40 years ago she bought a waterbed from Half and Half!  How funny is that?  Since then it has really transformed!
