Under new management! Food has improved. Smoke is gone. Drinks are still strong. And now they are trying to grow a Thursday Latin Night. Free admission for women before 10pm. $5 for men and women after 10. Very laid back vibe and plenty of friendly people to dance salsa, bachata, merengue, reggaeton and they have even started playing some kizomba. Gone are the sticky floors - I think the floors may have been completely redone? Music is loud but just scoot in closer to your guest and they will hear you just fine. For those that aren't in the mood to dance there are TV's all over the walls and within the booths. Regularly you'll see people glued to SportsCenter watching recaps of the World Cup, some watching baseball, and then there's at least one both watching Family Guy or something on Cartoon network. Not much of a bar or drink specials. Shoots are $5-$8 and beers are $2-$4 - so I think that's about average. But the bartender is hilarious. When the bartender is dancing you know the vibe is nice. Menu is still pretty limited. Pizza is a huge, deep dish, swimming in sauce and cheese. Still not my top pick but a huge improvement. I hope this place continues to get better.
The only good thing I have to say about this place is it is good for Free Latin dancing on a Thursday night... that is if you can ignore the musty mop water odor permeating the dance floor. This place has potential but the ladies bathroom only has one working stall (for the past 6+ months) the dance floor always has an odor, so bad that a few weeks ago we left after only 30 minutes, I honestly don't know how they can serve food in an establishment that smells  that bad. Although I dance here often I've only ever eaten here once, the waitress was not sure how to take an order and when I did get to order they did not have chicken, ham or any other non-greasy protein for me to add to my pizza. On the upside, the sliced meatballs I settled with were good on my pizza and the crust was thick and chewy, just how I like. There is a lot of room for improvement here on the management side. If it were not for the free entry and dancing on Thursday nights I would never go back.
Izzys is a pace that is trying very hard to make itself a known restaurant and place to have a good time. The food has been hit or miss, but the drinks are strong. This establishment has a night life that was the go-to for the after party. Charging a $5 cover to go in after the club to have pizza and greasy snacks, among the plumes of cigarette smoke and drunken sweat is almost a crime. But a profitable one. The music is loud and fun, the people are laughing and having a good time, and the vibe is that of a dive-y place. Overall, I've never had a bad time with the after party, But it's not somewhere I frequent often. I'm not sure if I would go back as of now.
Izzy's has big plans for this place unfortunately in an attempt to bring in more business with Gimmics (Dancing, Trivia, Stage etc) he is forgetting the basics, FOOD AND SERVICE! There were a group of us for an Alum get together. The food was not so good and I blame the servers as much as the cooks. The wife ordered a Salad and a friend had nachos and when you look at these items and see the Lettuce is Limp...Frickin Don't serve it. I would rather tell customer our lettuce has gone bad then serve it. We ordered the chili in a word "CANNED". The Pizza sauce not bad but "CANNED" the salad dressing not bad but "CANNED" The tables all are round ever tried to sit a large group together in round tables? Or seperate them all in booths it takes away from the entire reason for game watch. So was it terrible no, but Just this side of it. Izz dont get fancy go to the RAM or any of the fresh markets get real food, get away from American food go Spanish Flair, stay with what you know, or find out what others are serving Try Moon River Pizza, Harpoon Louies Wings. PS THe Pizza and Wings weren't bad.
Randomly went walked in one night at 9:30 pm on a weeknight. Atmosphere -- the place smelled like "diapers" it kind of grossed me out.   Service -- a bit slow.  Informed the server we were looking to order a pizza and she waited until we actually ordered to tell us they were out of Pepperoni.  Which I thought was kind of weird to wait to mention it. Food -- pizza's are bit pricey ($19.00 for a small feeds 1-2 people) but was worth it.  The thin crust is pretty good -- they don't skimp on the toppings which salvaged the weird experience up to that point. I would go here again, but it wouldn't be near the top of my list.
Was trolling for a place to eat, and saw the Izzy's Pizza sign.  Wondered to myself, "Could Chicago Pizza have closed?" Well, the answer is yes.  Thankfully, the inside has been given a fresh coat of paint, and I'm not sure, but they may have invested in a couple more light bulbs.  Still it has pretty much the feel of the former occupant, and a very similar menu.  Tacos and burritos have been added.   Service was somewhat better than before.  Presentation was just as boring as before.  I tried the "Mojo Pork Burrito", and it was... adequate.  Came with a side, I selected the citrus cole slaw, and while there was cole, I didn't detect any citrus.  Burrito was a good size, but the pork was a little dry, and not really flavorful.  There was a dipping sauce which helped.   At least it was warm, which is an improvement over the previous restaurant. It was pretty slow for a Thursday night.  These guys need to get out of the shadow of the former Chicago's Pizza -- this isn't my part of town, so I don't know what kind of advertising they've been doing to that end.  They -do- have a lunch menu that looked interesting, but I won't be able to test it out. I'll give 'em another chance down the road.
Went to watch football game and they had the sound turned off.  Food was poor and service was bad.
Took our family out to dinner on a Friday night. Loved Chicago Pizza when it was there and thought we'd give this place a try. Kids eat free every night but we had to choose between our bogo meal coupon from the money magazine or the kids eat free. Technically their kids eat free isn't an 'offer' since it's all the time. Ordered a pitcher of Bud Light and it was flat and they didn't put any ice in it to keep it cold. Kids ordered boneless wings and chicken nuggets which were ridiculously small. Honestly, the meals were toddler sized so my kids were still hungry after finishing their meals. Oh, and they charged us for the kids drinks ($2.50 each!) but staff didn't bother to tell us that their meals didn't include the drink. I ordered the Izzy burger; too greasy. Couldn't even pick up the burger to eat because the bun was soaked so resorted to eating with a fork. This place won't last long and we will not be returning.
