I mean this place is soo Awesome cute. The theme is like 1920's meets speciality dranks. The bartenders are all dressed up in suspenders and 20's style fashion I was even amazed when I went in the bathroom and saw the picture of a busty women taking  a bath..weird.. hahah They made some drink where it was like apple and cinnamon and he burnt the stick. I dont know it was good. You can make up your own drinks also if you dont want to order from their 10$++ list. I made a Malibu rum, with sprite, and pinapple juice and it was 7$. and my hubby had a jack and coke it was 5$ so dont let that price list fool you. They have some cheap drinks to.
Their specialty drinks are pricey, but worth it. The spit-fire is super spicy and super worth it! All of the well drinks are reasonably priced. Cool unique vibe and decor. (there's even a secret back patio...shhhh) Great little speak easy
Great Bar, Great Vibe. Love the whole prohibition, 1920's theme and decor. Even the way the bartenders are dressed. I had one of my favorites, a Long Island Iced Tea. It was really good, the bartender did her thing. I also tried some of their cocktails, Sliced Bread and the Peek-A-Boo. They both were pretty damn good. I would have said my favorite was the Sliced Bread. Just something about Strawberry and basil mixed together in a drink...Mmmmmm! What made the nice even better besides the drinks and service was the live band playing. I don't know how frequently they have bands playing at The Volstead, but I hope it's something that continues. They have seating across from the bar and seating as you walk in along with nice chairs and some coffee tables. Also a cool feature is when you walk into the bar the front room is like stepping way into the past. It's got an old style television with couches and a chair. Kinda makes you think of the living room set on the "I Love Lucy Show". I am glad this place is located downtown. It's just one of the many places that brings life back to downtown Jacksonville.
This place is way cool. I love the theme of the old prohibition days. They have a big screen plying old movies an moving pictures of the day. The place is comfy with an old living room entrance. All the way back to the old hand dial tv and an old radio from the 30s or 40s. Things that most of the patrons have never seen before. This place so reminds me of a bar in NYC called Chumbleys. It's an old prohibition bar that was open during volstead times. All the bartenders are dressed in to old tuxedo tops and bow ties. It just looks like a fun place to hang with friends. Downtown really needs more places like this to get the masses coming downtown again.
Before I give you my review of The Volstead, I want to make sure you understand that I've only been there once and it was after a Yelp event actually. So please, continue reading my review, but also take it with a grain of salt because I am basing this review on one experience. With that said, in general, I think the 1950s vibe of the bar is cute and done very welll. When I went there and sat down, it felt like I had stepped back in time or perhaps I was on a movie set. Even though the vibe is done well, I'm not a big fan of the 1950s theme altogether, so the room came off as "meh" to me. But I have to give Volstead its three stars because the bartender made me perhaps the best white rum and Coke I had ever had in my life. The Coke to rum ratio was perfect and the portion was ideal for sipping and drink hit my system very smoothly and calm-like. I told the guy that it was a great drink. After that, he made me a really weak Mojito, but I can totally forgive that because my rum and Coke was excellent. Overall, Volstead does drinks right and it's probably an awesome place for someone who loves that theme.
Great cocktails. Better atmosphere! This is one of the most unique places I have been lately. Glad they are downtown.  I really did feel like I was experiencing some of the atmosphere of the prohibition era.
I heard about the Volstead from a friend. So I decided to stop by check it out. What a cool find in downtown Jacksonville. The décor is nice and open, it was about 2/3 full and it was not too loud.  They have a nice selection of bourbons and scotches (my preferences) as well as a full range of all the other types of liquor. Based off of a recommendation from Jason at the bar I tried a blackberry old fashion with Woodford Reserve.   What a great drink. I am normally just a straight bourbon kind of person but I truly enjoyed this drink. I will be back and I will try other items on the menu. If you are looking to try something new I would suggest the Volstead.
This place is really nice. Great look and feel. Not too loud, just perfect. No cognac though :( I definitely would go back.
Love The Volstead! If you have ever looked for a great whiskey bar in Jacksonville, this is it! Awesome theme and very comfy to lounge. Can't wait to go back!
Drinks are very good.  Great menu - classics and then their own versions.  Ingredients are  high quality.  Service is good, they are knowledgable about the drinks and finding the best option for their customer.  I will be back for sure.
Every time I visit Jacksonville my sister takes me to different spots. This time, it was The Volstead.  I really enjoyed my evening here. When you enter The Volstead, its like you stepped back into a 1950's living room.  The bar area is right past the front room.  It isn't a huge place, but there is plenty of room to socialize.  They specialize in craft cocktails, but they also offer beer and wine.  It wasn't too crowded and the bartenders were friendly.  Definitely a great new spot in downtown Jax!
Only been here during the Sunday evening swing dancing lessons so don't know what the crowd is during their regular nights but I  love the vibe of this place. The bar is huge and the bartenders are nice. Drinks we're pretty good though I should have asked for a specialty drink... Next time. It's fairly big in here. The bar takes up half the space, which I find odd but whatever. Parking is downtown street parking so it's a bit of a pain but if you come late (which is when you'd be going to a bar, one would think) then you don't have to feed the meter. All in all, a pretty cool bar.
Prohibition era bar. Sounds like an oxymoron. But it works. Driving down Adams you can see how ideal the location. You will miss it every time. Several times I tired to follow that dot on my GPS, and I'd here "Recalculating." I finally had to walk the streets and locate this very lite up bar on the dark. Walking in my eyes glow to what appears to be a Pintest DIY light display using mason jars. The front sitting room is what I pictured most homes would look like in late 20s - early 30s. Maybe after watching a Alfred Hitchcock movie in the theater you stay up all night scared to go to bed? I toured the area briefly. I just hope that authentic looking fire extinguisher works if needed. In the main room we find a comfortable spot to sit and take in the rest of the room. On the wall (from some hidden place) projections of black and white film clips play. I was lost in images waiting to see if Charlie Chaplin would appear when the waitress comes to take our orders. I ordered the Rasberry Rickie (taking a sips makes you feel like you should be barefoot on the porch of at least 10 area ranch house with horses - just a very light Spring time feel but it's still pretty strong.) And something else? For the life of me I can't remembered. I can't remember what anyone else ordered but everyone was impressed with their drinks. Most stuck to the list of signature drinks but bartenders were very knowledgeable in recreating a drink for another friend who could only faintly remember the ingredients. Memories seem to fade when you're in a bar? I don't think they allow smoking - but again I can't remember. Server was super nice and helpful. Drinks were great. They advertised swing lesson on Sundays. Only think they are missing are flappers and I think they are better without them. This place is the Bee's Knees!
Great spot to bring Jacksonville New-Comers. This is a diamond in the rough of downtown. There is a unique feel when you walk in, as if you've been there before. The bartender service is exceptional and drinks are very reasonable.
This spot reminds me of bars in Europe with limited seating, queuing at the bar, and exceptional drinks. I like the decor simple, but tasteful. A great spot for night cap or just drinks.
Love, love, love, where do I start? Ambiance- The decorating is done in such a smart way! The entrance to the bar is actually themed to look like a living room, complete with couch and old school television set. Once you past the velvet curtains, you get the full effect of the main bar area. I love the big projector screen showing old black and white movies, it already informs you that you're in for something fun. There's a good amount of bar seating as well as tables and a few comfy wing back chairs scattered throughout. The area in front of the projector screen doubles as the live music area. I've had nothing but great service every time I've been there. The bartenders are attentive and courteous, and dress the part as well! They all wear outfits that give a strong nod to the 1920's which is fun and what guy doesn't look great in a vest and tie? Bartender James was great and made a mean "Baked Apple Sazerac". He's there on Fridays so don't miss him! Beverages - I've never had a disappointing drink there. The Peek-A-Boo is a gin, cucumber lemonade type drink and is crisp and refreshing. Be warned, they go down really smooth so pace yourself! I've also enjoyed a Hob-Nob; gin, absinthe, grapefruit, and lime. The tartness of the grapefruit makes for a a beverage that you'll be content to sip on and enjoy the company you're keeping. Other favorites include the afore mentioned Baked Apple Sazerac (it's dinner and a show!) and Sliced Bread. So if you're in Downtown Jacksonville and looking for a good time and great craft cocktails, I highly recommend The Volstead!
Love the cocktails and the vibe here! And I'm just excited that there is a new spot downtown. Nice after work crowd at the happy hour but when I went at 11:00ish on a Friday night it was dead. Drinks are really delicious and the bartenders know their stuff!
Went here after work one day. Atmosphere and vibe was very chill. Decor was very retro. A cool place to hang out but a bit dark inside. Drink selection and menu was good. Tip: Bring quarters for meter parking.
Really loving this new downtown bar. Definitely get an old (or try the new) fashioned. Also noteworthy was the apple cinnamon Sazarac (made with apple, cinnamon, rye, moonshine & absinthe -- and yes they light it on fire). The craft cocktails are delicious and made using fresh ingredients. I had a sip of The Sliced Bread (fresh basil, Basil Hayden's bourbon, and fresh strawberries with a touch of cranberry juice), which was refreshing and went down easy. The atmosphere also sells the place -- prohibition-style decor, dim lighting, exposed brick, flickering candles. It's got that speakeasy feel that isn't often duplicated around town. If you haven't been, go! Grab a drink or two and enjoy the low-key vibe.
After opening my email and being notified I achieved Yelp Elite status, it was absolutely necessary to go celebrate. I had been planning to visit Volstead for a while, but had not had an opportunity. Today I was bound and determined to go. Wow is the word that comes to mind when describing Volstead. Jacksonville has been needing someplace like this for a heck of a long time. An adult establishment with an awesome couple of guys mixing the drinks. These were true COCKTAILS!!!!  I tried the Old Fashion, New Fashion and the Manhattan (tasted 2 and actually ordered 1). All three were very good, but the Manhattan rocked my world! To look at it, you would think it was some froo-froo margarita. Not! It was made with the 1776 bourbon, which was 100% proof and darn good stuff. I love a good cocktail, but I have fallen head over heels for the Manhattan.   If you're looking for a "Grown Folk" place for a great, well-made cocktail....Volstead is the place. I know I will be treating me extremely well in the future.
LOVE IT. This was an incredible decision and perfect "first drink stop" while we were at One Spark last week. The weather was amazing... and I wanted a nice, summery cocktail to start the night off right, before switching to beer at the festival. The menu is gorgeous, and after peepin' their website, see it was a condensed One Spark version, so now it's on because I want to try ALL OF THEM. I decided on the Peek a Boo, a gin cucumber-lemonade and it was refreshing, strong and filled with little sip-able bits of cucumber goodness.  The Sliced Bread was THAT good... and I usually stick to the clear liquors. Nicely done. There was a band playing, and it did get really loud... but it was perfect for the One Spark energy downtown.  And you may have to wait just a bit, but like all good things, right? Love the flapper vibe, dig the feel of this gem. Will be back.
Do you ever feel like putting on your flapper dress or getting all dapper to go out, but you never had any place to go? Never you fear, my friend, The Volstead is your answer. This new bar in the heart of Downtown is the perfect place to get your prohibition era drink on. The staff doesn't miss a beat as their attire reflects the atmosphere too. Besides the full shelf of a whiskey and bourbon selections, The Volstead has quite an eclectic, yet pricey, drink menu. You can go with something classic, like a Manhattan, or side with something new like The Peek-A-Boo which is made with gin, cucumber and lemonade. I wasn't in a bitter type mood on my first trip; my choice was the Fresa Fresco, which is The Volstead's version of a margarita. I expected it to have a little tartness, but it was as sweet as a smoothie - fresh strawberries, lime juice and the tiniest bit of sour. If you don't watch it, the alcohol will creep up on you. Seriously, get down to The Volstead if you have yet to go. It's easily one of the most unique bars in town.
Great lay back place to grab a drink or two. Bring your significant other and have an amazing time. First time  a great pleasure looking forward to next time.
My sister and I went to the Volstead after art walk Wednesday. From the moment I walked in I was enchanted. I've been to some pretty classy joints before, but this might just be my favorite. All the men behind the bar were dressed in waistcoats (yummy) and the women in flapper dresses (more yummy). My first impression was that I wanted to put on a little black dress and spend the entire night there. My sister ordered the sliced bread and I got the baked apple. All the bartenders were very attentive and we didn't have to wait too long to get our drinks. My drink was a little too strong for my preference but it certainly wasn't bad by any means. I'm just a light weight. My sister's drink was perfect and we had a great time chatting with some of the others there and the bar staff. I'd certainly come back here again, and probably with more people. It was a great place and I really enjoyed myself.
Still braaaand new. They didn't have their cocktail menu yet! But the space and the idea are super cool and I can't wait to see it up and running full speed. I'll be sure to be back in the next month or two.
