Great food served well. Servers are well trained and knowledgeable. Food was delicious. Love this place!!
While I had heard volumes of praise for Bistro Aix, I wanted to see for myself what made this San Marco location different from other French style restaurants. What I found as a welcome relief from the crazy heat of JAX in the form of a busy and dark cafe that was separated into a curved service bar, open family tables, and booths with their own character. The large one page menu was standard for fine French cafes as it was well sized without clutter and frivolous notes. The darkness that prevailed in the cafe made it hard to read the menu, but our server was very good at informing us what was making the menu special that evening. In choosing the huge steak for two, we asked for a careful medium so as to take advantage of the true flavor while retaining the cooked element. With the passing of the tiny revolver plate escargot and the supporting salads, the moment came to us on this spectacular display of big oak board and this monster cut of beef was nestled on a bed of vegetables.... As a former culinary/management student, I can appreciate the European style applications of high pan-seared heat with seasoned oils or the finesse of Southern barbecue  and grill methods...but the monster beef (that looked so inviting) had darker thoughts on the inside than my glass of Syrah....Oops! The return trip to the kitchen was done by our server, who then did the gracious offerings of free glasses of wine while we waited for better results. The manager on board came to us and apologized too. That was good to see. With the 2nd arrival of the monster beef, we noted it looked different, so we were on it without a second thought. Then we noted with the first slices that our plate for 2 had become a plate for 1.5 and that sections were missing...rather than going through the issue again, we used our forks to decide. Yes, it was a different beast and the taste abounded. Forgoing the coffee and desserts with thoughts of going to Aardwolf not far away, I recollected my previous experiences with kitchen mishaps... It seems to me that the usage of a temperature gauge is sometimes a missing tool of the trade here in Jacksonville, FL. Whether the chefs are deluded by their years of experience to simply "eyeball it" or the tool is possibly not being used, cooking times vary from the very best in the city to the basic food truck. I have returned no less than six plates in the past year with a polite message to try again. As we subsided in the wake of the good plates that were removed from our table, I knew that I would return to Bistro Aix to experience some of the other treats listed on the menu.
My husband & I have eaten here before for lunch and it was fabulous. This time we came on a Friday night with our 11-yr-old son. There was a large table next to us, I think 10 people that seemed to be couples. They had 2 men in their party that started out loud and only got louder. They were also cussing, dropping the "F-bomb" (as my son says) frequently. We complained to the waitress. Nothing. We complained again when we had to raise our voices just to speak to each other. She brought the manager over just as we finished our dinner. He moved us to another table for dessert and apologized. Nothing was said to the other table and we were not compensated for having to move. We won't be bringing our son back and not sure we'll return if they have no control over their customers.
The following review was published under my byline in the Florida Times-Union on Thursday, February 20, 2014. This is an original, unabridged version of that review. This is also focused exclusively on the Le Bar section of the restaurant (formerly the Onyx Bar). It's regal yet comfy, sophisticated and silly with spasms of pop art throughout. There's some French and Asian décor cues, too. And a beat that doesn't stop, even when the music makers do. Le Bar is a dressed-up refuge for grown-up fun. The San Marco Boulevard neighbor and blood cousin to Bistro Aix puts on a good show in its style-forward lounge. But when it comes to the kitchen scene, Le Bar also manages to be flavor-forward. Its outstanding menu of small plates and handcrafted cocktails stands on its own, with items originating from its own kitchen and bar. If you're looking for full-service formality, look next door to the Bistro; Le Bar plates are for sharing. The French culinary influence is loud in clear in here--the proprietors call it "French soul food"--with a mature fromagerie and charcuterie board (four selections each) designed for mixing and matching. Begin your stay with a selection of three ($21) or five ($35). My lounging partner and I came for the small plates, any one of which will satisfy a light appetite as a main dish. They come to you in a variety of thoughtful French period china patterns. We began with the Sesame Tuna Tartare ($9), a collection of ahi-grade, tangy tuna bites in seasoned greens that melt in your mouth, providing a nice contrast against the crunch of the accompanying sesame crisps. More mainstream tastes will not be disappointed with the Truffled French Fries ($6), a healthy portion of golden-crisp, thin-cut beauties tossed in truffle oil and topped with shaved Parmesan and sides of ketchup and mayo. They were so good, our server caught us pleading for a second plate. More carnivorous types will devour the Deux Sliders ($8), baby cheddar cheeseburger twins fully dressed with secret sauce that made for a melty (and potentially messy) affair. Make no mistakes, though: the risk is worth the reward. That's a great segue to the Croque Monsieur ($8), otherwise known as not your ordinary ham and cheese. This creamy sandwich is best attacked with fork and knife, to fully enjoy the blend of gruyère, provolone, Parmesan and heavy cream spilling over the edge. While you won't find sweet treats on Le Bar's abbreviated menu, our server regaled us with tales of crème brulee, flourless chocolate torte, lemon cookies and Belgian cake. We pursued the latter, a volcano-like creation crafted of almond flour and dark chocolate, spewing sky-high a scoop of vanilla Working Cow ice cream with plentiful syrupy chocolate flows. It's ample for two or more to spar over with spoons. Those nostalgic for the gleaming Onyx bar, the namesake for this space the six years prior, will find it perfectly preserved in its new incarnation. These days it's churning out classic and sparkling handcrafted cocktails, before- and after-dinner drinks and local (Intuition Ale Works' I-10 IPA) and imported beers. Patrons also have access to the extensive and impressive Bistro Aix wine list. Le Bar is the place you go to impress a date or a client, celebrate the end of the working day or even larger affairs, with accommodations for up to 150. Or if you love the beat, you'll find live music three nights a week with DJs filling the rest. More than that, Le Bar is a see-and-be-seen lounge with food that likewise craves to be seen and savored. It's hip, glam, cozy and fun. Le Bar 1440 San Marco Blvd., San Marco (adjacent to Bistro Aix) (904) 398-1949 bistrox.com Type of cuisine: Hours: Tuesday - Saturday, 5 p.m. to midnight; closed Sunday and Monday Credit cards: All major accepted Bar service: Full bar Children's menu: No Catering: Yes Reservations accepted: Large parties only Price range: Overall, moderate
The food was delicious and had a great wine selection! I really liked the gruyere French onion soup! Service and decor was also great!
Bistro Aix has always been the go to place for fabulous food in the awesome cafe.  i have loved almost every single meal since the opening years ago.  My favorite as a birthday dinner, business lunch and the place to take visitors to Jacksonville.  Visiting last week, I ordered my favorite as did my partner with the Fried Calamari as appetizer.  Loving Fried Calamari, i have found Bistro Aix, Sorrentos, and Corner Bistro and Wine to have the best fresh, lightly breaded with better flavors than anywhere around. That night we were served hot, hot Fried Calamari that had been previously breaded and maybe frozen.  The same Calamari Al's Pizza serves.  So disappointing in this, but couldn't damper the experience of the best Mussels Frites, and Shrimp Tagliatelle with Rosemary Fresh Cut Fries.  Please revisit the Calamari menu and keep it fresh.
Nice little place down in San Marco. I came here around 6 so there weren't many customers yet. The place was nice, good for group dinner. I'm assuming they're super busy at night because there were a bunch of workers standing around. Our server was new so he was still on training but he tried his best to be attentive and helpful. I ordered the mussels appetizer and it was pretty good. And then I ordered the Tuna entrees because my server kept saying it was really good. It wasn't all that great, they use a lot of olive oil in their foods so if you like olive oil this is the place for you. Their steak frites was really good though. Honestly it was a bit pricey to me, but I'll come back to try other dishes and drinks.
I'm not sure what I was expecting when I walked into the restaurant, but I felt slightly confused by the decor. Maybe because most "bistros" I've been to lately are either a little more modern or a lot more intimate, but something about the decor felt a combination of dated and somewhat muddled. The chairs made me feel like the knights of the round table were joining us for dinner, the bar had animal print stools, the lighting above the tables were like multi-colored disco balls minus the sparkle. It's just a strange combination, and on first glance, it made me wonder what the food would be like. But-for the good reviews, I probably would have been worried.  My advice: ignore the decor-- the food was great. I sat at the bar, and first I tried the Pinot Blanc, one of their featured wines. Smooth and light with crispy citrus notes toward the end. I'd picked the restaurant feeling like having moules frites, and was pleasantly surprised to see that escargot was on the menu. Why not? The escargot came out first with crusty bread. Seven tender snails in a light garlic cream sauce, topped with a crust of Parmesan cheese and fresh parsley. Seeing other photos, I was worried the dish would be too heavy or overly salted, but it was delicious. The cream sauce made it different from the typical butter and herbs, and it paired well with the wine. Both the bartender and the hostess (I'm assuming she was actually the manager/owner) were very attentive. The mussels and fries came out much larger than expected, which was a pleasant surprise. An inexpensive meal, I want to say they were $19 and the escargot was $9. The fries were crisp and had a nice time and salt flavor. The mussels had a great broth of white wine, shallot, thyme and garlic, with enough broth left in the bowl to sop up with bread or the fries. Lovely. I wasn't certain I would enjoy the meal, but I'm happy I gave it a chance. By the time I left, the restaurant was bustling. I did wish there was a tv to catch the end of the basketball game, but the bartender kept us updated with the scores. See pics.
The food is really good. even if you select a small plate or a very elaborated one, you are going to find something that you like. The only disadvantage is that the kitchen is slow, and if you go direct to the bar, the service is going to be not that good
French onion soup is amazing. Great service, great, vibrant atmosphere. Management was in tune with the dining room and spent time with the guests. Great wine selection and wine glasses.
Amazing service. Great food! Sometimes the music can get bit too loud but it's very beautiful. It's wonderful for romantic dates.
There are so few restaurants that give you a sense of perfection that it's hard to believe I found one here in Jax. This is it people. First of all, happy hour is happy. The selection of wine and martinis on discount are actually good. Second the food is gastronomic delight. So yummy, good sized portions and a willing staff to explain it all. In addition , if the servings offer a half serving that is still generous. All I can say is set aside $50 and go.
Short: The first of its kind French/ American twist restaurant in Jacksonville Long: A fancier, low lit, trendier dining experience geared towards dates and special occasions, though the prices are normal enough to make this a monthly foray. Smoke salmon pizza always delivers. Steak frites gives you a rare taste of hanger steak/onglet steak that baffles all but the best butchers in the country. Sparkling Fench lemonade is a nice touch. Desserts can be gotten to go from a mini pastry window. Full bar for when you get stood up. Portions are medium. Over time, it seems that AIX has gone from "OMG hype train" to just a normal place indicating that Jacksonville citizens are becoming more experienced with real food or that AIX has not been updating their menu quite often enough. Good For: Date nights, Steak frites Bad For: Actual Aix-en-Provence style dishes
We. came here post Eat Up Down Town event so it was just cocktails.  We arrived around 8:30 and it was packed, with people waiting.  Thankfully were whisked off to the bar area. Nice room with high and low top tables as well as a very attractive bar. Very chic upscale San Marco. This was pack as well but we scored the last table.   My first impression; geez I wish I was 30 again but that quickly vanished.   People eating and drinking having a great time, embroiled in conversation, laughing, just being together except for the inevitable texting addict.  Then the music started, and everything else stopped.  Conversation was elevated to yelling, laughing well you could not hear the witty retorts to laugh at so that also ended.  The music and female singer were quite good; jazzy bluesy tunes very reminiscent of a past club era.  Sadely the room was not acoustically equipped to showcase the group. It all came across as uber loud. Although we were prepared to stay the sound became unbearable,  so we bailed at one drink.  We will return for dinner but will be wise enough to reserve ahead of time so we are not faced with the bar non stop noise assault
Probably my favorite place to eat in Jacksonville, the food is sublime, and the wait staff courteous, friendly, and professional. A totally enjoyable experience. I highly recommend it.
A friend and I came here for cocktails after dinner. When we walked in, the place was mad busy. We told the hostess that we just wanted drinks and she led us back to the bar area, known as "Bar-X" (Get it? Heehee). We must've gotten there just in time as it was also packed and there was only one high-top table left available. So we ordered drinks and started looking around noticing how there was a nice blend of older/younger, male/female patrons when all of a sudden, the band was getting started. We saw them as we were coming in but we didn't think that the music would be as loud as it was in the small room. The music was good but we had to yell at each other to be heard. It would've been much worse if the music was bad. Not wanting to get sore throats or blown ear drums we paid and quickly left. As we were leaving through the main dining area, the aroma from the kitchen and everyone's tables made me want to do a U-turn but that will have to wait for another dining adventure.
Upon arriving at the restaurant we were promptly greeted by the hostess.  We were in a party of 4 and were promptly given a table.   The menu:  there were a good number of choices. Value:  price to food ratio was good.  You received a decent amount of food for the price paid.   Food:  We ordered the blue cheese chips, a bit greasy but not bad.  I ordered the Tuna, it was  pinch over cooked but the food was great overall. Desert:  decent choices, nothing out of this world. Service:  The waitress was very energetic and answered all of our questions.  I did not have to ask for refills they were provided without us having to ask.  She spent her time explaining the menu choices and her favorites and why they were her favorites.   Only ding, we sat at a boot and it was really tight.
After 7 or so years of eating at this place, its time to add my review -:)  Bistro Aix delivers well-prepared, high quality, and sometimes imaginative food.  I have visited for lunch and dinner, have never had a "bad" experience, but I am put off by the noise and the parade of people who go there to be seen.  That probably has to do with the bar business, which attracts a certain clientele. Most recently, I had a business lunch with 3 other folks on a weekday, and ordered one of the specials - a pesto pasta with prosciutto.  It sounded like a great combination, and the pesto was nicely done.  However, the prosciutto was delivered in "chunks" of varying size and thickness and was chewy due to the cooking method.  So, an imaginative take on pesto that didn't quite live up to expectations due to poor execution.  One of my companions ordered the same dish, and I observed him leaving the prosciutto on the plate - in fact he wasn't particularly pleased with the dish and didn't finish it. That was the first time I've had anything at Bistro Aix that wasn't  up to the standard I would expect. Overall, the dinners at this restaurant have been very good and the lunches have been kind of  underwhelming - nothing special.  I gave it 4 stars - not because I'm a huge fan - but because the overall level of quality and service deserve that rating.
Got together with another couple for wife's birthday Dinner at Aix. Arrived on time, table was ready And game on. Half price drinks before 7 pm got Us off to great start, followed by great calimari appetizer. Birthday girl did fish of day (Mahi), two mussels for other couple, and steak frite pour moi. All outstanding, steak done perfectly, and chocolate lava cake four ways for dessert. Boo-Ya! Only reason 4 stars was slow service 3-4 times during meal. Would definitely return to sample more of this great food.
Bistro Aix is one of the better restaurants in all of Jacksonville.  They do a good job of putting it all together.  The food, decor, service and location.  Let's talk about the food.  I enjoyed the grouper fish special, which is prepared the same every night and prepared with the fresh fish of the night.  I must say, it was pretty much perfect.  The portion was excellent and prepared perfectly.  My friend ordered the Gnocchi with Oxtail Ragout, Oh my gosh!  I can't put it into words how good this was!  Just order it.  The sauce is rich, the Gnocchi seemed homemade and it was just out of this world.  We had all of that after enjoying one of the best dressed side salads.  Perfect amount of salt and dressing on large leafy greens.   The pizza we ordered as an app was not that great.  I feel there are other restaurants in town that take the cake on this one.  Skip the pizza, order their mussels and frittes and call it a night!
I cannot wait to go here again! My parents came in town to visit and many long-time locals told me to take them to Bixtro Aix. We were told to sit outside in the back. I am glad we did. The vine-covered walls were a good lunch atmosphere with my parents. I ordered a Proscuitto & Goat Cheese salad and split it with my dad. It came with delicious medjool dates and candied walnuts in a fig vinaigrette. My dad is not that adventurous when it comes to food and he really enjoyed this salad. We then split the Le Grande Cheeseburger. Boy, it is Grande. I am really glad that my dad and I split this. We felt perfectly full after eating half and a half salad. The Le Grande Cheeseburger is one of the best burgers I've had in Jacksonville. It is ordered for $13 and comes with double quarter pounder (which is why I recommend splitting) with pickles, onions, cheddar, local lettuce and secret sauce. I don't know what their secret sauce is (hence the name), but it is so tasty! The french fries were good, too. My mom had the Turkey BLT and it was a delicious sandwich made with fresh ingredients and put together very nicely. It comes with Oven Roasted Turkey with tomatoes, crispy bacon, avocado & butter crunch lettuce on sourdough toast. YUM!
Finally, some real food in Jacksonville. Thank you San Marco, thank you thank you! Alright, this place wasn't THAT great, but after weeks of chain restaurants and terrible sushi, i can't help but to be excited about a REAL restaurant. I came here after finding out about Matthews, BBs and all the other places in San Marco's dining district, and I couldn't help but to go ASAP. I went with the boyfriend and I already knew what I wanted: French Onion Soup and Lobster Roll. He got the Calamari Salad and Soft Shell Crab entree (it was a special that night). So happy. My french onion soup was pretty interesting because it was thick and creamy versus the typical brown broth. Definitely sided more on the "cheese soup" category than a french onion soup, but I still loved it (and was pretty filled up after). Definitely a lot of flavor, but also full of butter and fat, i'm sure. My lobster roll was small, but fresh and very light and tasty (just want I needed after that thick, cheesy soup!). Eric's salad was great, had a lot of calamari (I love fried calamari), so it really was a good balance of fried goodness and fresh (almost) guilt free veggies. His soft shell crab was definitely the star of the night. The crunchy exterior with the warm decadent interior is always the best combo. The flavors were exquisite and he devours it in 5 minutes. literally. I had a great time here, and am very excited to try more things on the menu!
Based on a recommendation we stopped for dinner. We were not disappointed. Food was amazing. We started with the house made potato chip appetizer (try it, you'll love it.) dinner was a pizza for me and shrimp pasta for my guest. Loved both. Dessert was a while in coming (expected with creme brûlée) but sooo worth the wait - loved it all! Service was prompt, attentive and helpful. Will make Bistro Aix a destination every time I'm in town.
Great spot, everything is done well. Simple, well thought out menu   Sorry that this review is shorter than most...I'm a man of brevity. Great spot, everything is done well. Simple, well thought out menu   Sorry that this review is shorter than most...I'm a man of brevity. Great spot, everything is done well. Simple, well thought out menu   Sorry that this review is shorter than most...I'm a man of brevity.
This review is only for Onyx, the bar attached to Bistro Aix.  Also, this review is only regarding their Thursday night happy hour. I don't know the specifics, but this could be the best happy hour in town. I had three very good drinks and the bill came to something like $10. I was shocked.  Everyone in my group had a bill around $10 and they were all likewise shocked.  The only two guys whose bills were larger were dudes who ordered off the happy hour menu.  But there's really no need.  The well-happy hour alcohol is above average and the beers on tap are really good. There was serious talk that we might make this a weekly occurrence.  I'm pretty sure that this happy hour is only for Thursday night, but I'm not sure.
Wonderful bistro.  Prime rib dinner for two was extraordinary but the new dessert menu was beyond fabulous.. I had the meringue with thyme mint lemon curd .  I tasted the fish my son had with a wonderful crust but too small portion. Hub had steak which was really perfectly cooked.  Shared rib with son's partner....we almost licked our plates and woods lab for the good veggies and rib juice.  Almost forgot to mention bone marrow appetizer which was really very flavorful.  Our server Jason was very knowledgable.  Even the singer Friday night was so personable singing happy birthday and acknowledging hub's singing his fav Motown song.  New owners came by to ask if all was good.  I appreciate when owner or chef does that for it shows they are offering opportunity for feedback. Well done birthday dinner Bistro Aix!
We had a great meal here. A nice change from deep fried, smothered & covered offerings that abound in this town. We attempt to dine here whenever we are in this area.
This evening I dined at Bistro Aix for the first time in over a year.  On a first date, it was the perfect ambiance with the booths that allow for privacy and conversation.  It was great service as I remembered.  The dessert counter had been removed for additional dining, which I am quite certain comes in handy.  The menu wasn't as I remembered.  There were no evening entree specials...except for the fish of the day.  The soup was a unique soup.. a smoked tomato soup...which I am thankful I ordered a cup and not a bowl.  I am always a fan of Bistro Aix....just somehow felt it lost it's "Bistro" appeal somehow... the menu was not as flexible as most Bistro's.
Pommes Frittes with truffle sea salt and grated Parmesan was outstanding! Great start to the meal. Calamari appetizer was average, escargot above average. Companion raved about the pizza. Lamb loin was prepared per instructions but was bland. The steak also got so so reviews - although again prepared perfectly. Service and decor were above average - but be warned it is loud. I would return again, just make different choices.
Great place to have dinner in big groups.  We had reservations for 15 ppl.  The restaurant gave me an all signed  bday with a coupon gift for next time.  Sweet!  That was very nice.  They picked out a smooth red wine for me..Iol I don't know anything about wine. Customer service was very attentive.  I liked my mussels with fries.  The wine sauce was ok but I'm more a of a cheese fan to dip my fries in.  The decor is modern, trendy, and comfy.  I had a bite of the filet mignon and its was very awesome delicious..I should have ordered!  Prices are really good for this place.  Not too expensive.  My friend had a calamari salad.  Looks good, light weight, and interesting.  I will have to try that next.  After dinner with went over to the bar and lounge area to have another drink.  Good area to socialize before we left.  Great ambiance.
I just love this place. They are quite proud of their food but it holds up to the billing. Again I sat at the bar so I could watch the kitchen in action. On this trip I ordered the sheepshead with bussel sprouts and an app of tuna tartar. The tuna was cut brilliantly and the whole dish had a nice spice. The red onions really worked on this dish. The entrée of sheepshead was nicely cooked by the lone woman in the kitchen Sarah. She did the fish real justice. The way she worked that station was a joy to my eyes. As an aspiring chef I was in oh. Great job Chef and his staff but I really got to give a shout out to Sarah. You made the Bistro Proud today.
I never say no if someone suggests going to Bistro Aix. Great happy hour with fair prices (the martinis, $5 during happy hour, are my favorite in Jacksonville because they give you an option with the olives...anchovy, jalapeno, goat cheese, etc). The blue cheese chips are wonderful homemade, crunchy chips topped with blue cheese and a balsamic drizzle (don't even want to know how many calories they are). The tomato bisque and Caesar salad is my favorite lunch option. The bartenders are always busy during happy hour, so don't expect great service from them. The atmosphere is really nice...cool lighting and an open kitchen. Great place to go for happy hour and some appetizers, but the entrees are delicious as well.
Food was good and service was quick and attentive. I had the salmon served over lentils and it was quite delicious. Additionally, the fried squid salad was quite good with their green goddess dressing. It was like a salad and appetizer combined!!
Bistro AIX has become an annual birthday dinner tradition (and by annual I mean the past two years). In my previous life I was a New Yorker (no, really, I lived in New York for 20 plus years), and Bistro AIX reminds me of a downtown New York restaurant. This place exudes hipness and sexiness. The ambiance is cool and contemporary at Bistro AIX. The restaurant has two distinct sides: the ONYX room and main dining room. The ONYX room is chic, with antique looking mirrors and the onyx bar.  The main dining room feels cozy and warm. The exposed brick and dim lighting, makes one feel like they're in a bistro, which is good considering the restaurant's name is Bistro AIX. We sat in the main dining room. This area was packed on a Friday night. In a land of chain restaurants, it's great to see a locally owned and operated restaurant consistently busy. Our party of five (no not the TV show, my group of friends) were seated at a round table. Despite the main dining room being open, you never felt cramped. Even though it can get pretty noisy, we were all able to hear our conversations without having to scream across the table. The service was quick and friendly. Our waiter told us the specials and took our drink orders. Bistro AIX has some of the best martinis in Jacksonville. I really wanted to order my usual (dirty martini with blue cheese stuffed olives), but I felt the need to change things up. That being said, I ordered a lemon drop martini. It can be a bit nerve-wracking straying from your usual drink, but after taking the first sip, my worries were laid to rest. My martini arrived icy cold. It was the perfect blend of sweet and sour. If you're looking for an eclectic menu, look no further. Bistro AIX's menu ranges from escargot, mac-n-cheese, pizzas, salads, to steak, tuna and pasta. There's something on this menu for even the pickiest of eaters. I know, because one of my friends is one of the pickiest eaters out there. Most times he resorts to chicken fingers, but he even found something he liked on the menu. I debated upon ordering a "safe choice" appetizer (IE. mac-n-cheese), but opted to branch out and ordered the escargot (snails for all non-French speakers) for an appetizer and the gnocchi with oxtail ragout. The escargot came out in a puff pastry purse. I dove my fork into the golden brown purse and inside was the delicious smell of garlic and butter. One bite in and I am converted. The escargot was fantastic. For dinner I opted to get the gnocchi with oxtail ragout. I'm a little lady, but the large portion of this meal was little to be desired. I thought there was a mistake when the waiter brought out the gnocchi, but alas, he was correct, this was the bigger portion. I was bummed, not because the meal wasn't incredible, but because I was still hungry after eating my meal (roughly about 15 gnocchi). The gnocchi were light and airy. They were little pillows of deliciousness. All in all, I really enjoyed the ambiance and the food that Bistro AIX has to offer. My only complaint would be to make the dinner portions a bit larger. I'll definitely visit Bistro AIX before my next birthday.
Nice place. Service was good but not exceptional. Same for the food, it was good just not special. Overall, I would say this was an average place with average food.  Our table had a variety of dishes including oxtail and pappardelle , risotto and gnocchi.  Good flavor and nice quality food.   Wine pours were on the short side and the Martini ordered at our table was not made as ordered. We decided to just skip dessert since we just hadn't had anything that would suggest the desserts would be something worth spending money on. There are some really good restaurants in Jacksonville this just isn't on my list of places I must return to when in town.
Solid french-american bistro, attractive atmosphere
Bistro Aix is my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville, hands down. It's very French, and wine and rouxs and escargot abound, but no one will kick you out for wearing jeans. A selection of wood-fired pizzas and traditionally hearty meals like Steak Frites (Steak and French Fries) round out their menu, making it accessible to absolutely everyone. This is my go-to recommendation for friends looking for a perfect first date or anniversary location, and I highly recommend getting there early or staying late to enjoy a glass of wine in their Onyx bar. (Think of an all-white room with walls of glowing onyx and mirrors...sexy) Also, do NOT leave without trying one of their baked-on-site desserts. The Nutter Butter is phenom!
I'm ashamed of admitting I've fallen into believing the stereotypes about rednecks, pickup trucks, good ol' boys and low brow type of fare when I think about the South. Where BBQ, grits, sweet tea, the Varsity's naked dogs walking ruled in my mind, this restaurant slapped me upside the head and stood me at attention. My best friend and I were having a nice dinner together and seeing this familiar name in San Marco, I had to inquire and try this place out for myself. The lighting, the windows and overall feel seemed something familiar and reminded of San Francisco so of course we had to investigate. We were greeted by a well dressed host staff and the warm festive mood with the gentle hum of diners, wine glasses and the open kitchen immediately impressed on me what kind of atmosphere I was getting introduced to. I was not disappointed. We were greeted by a lovely server who displayed that kind of charm you almost expect from a Southern lady (turned out she was from Texas btw) and had that right balance of honesty and insight. We sat there soaking in the menu and more and more it reminded me of the Bistro Aix back in San Francisco but after finishing the meal, it was clear to me that this place had far surpassed the West Coast namesake indeed. For appetizers, I started with their baby spinach & mixed greens with pears, candied walnuts and this lovely blue cheese dressing that wasn't overpowering or too heavy. My friend had the French Onion that smelled heavenly and although I would have probably licked the bowl clean during any other setting, since we were in public I behaved myself. I thought the salad presentation was perfect, the temperature was just right, and the balance of flavors made me wiggle in my chair enthusiastically. :) For my main course, I chose the pork tenderloin over polenta and brussel sprouts cooked medium well. It was HEAVEN in my mouth and I can't stress enough how important a hot place is for proteins and for slow eaters like myself. My friend had the penne pasta with spicy sausage and ricotta which did more than satisfy the 6'2" man. The poor guy couldn't finish the pasta because it was that impressive indeed. I definitely have to say if I were in Jacksonville more often, I'd be a regular here just for the appetizers and mac and cheese. I'm also a fan of anyone who carries J. Lohr and Merryvale Cabs so I'll be making a point of making it a definite stop next time I come back to Jacksonville.
Wait staff is extra friendly, but sometimes I think they are too busy so they take a while to come back around after they've delivered the food. I dont understand the super high prices. $2.49 for a sprite. Lol. I guess you pay for service here. Either that or you pay for their water in a glass bottle. As for the food? I ordered the lunch special vegetable quiche, which came with a side of caesar salad. Nothing too special but several of the items on the menu looked really interesting.
I loooooooooooooove the food here!!!  The French Onion Soup was just a tad bit different than any I have had before.  I appreciated the new twist although I couldn't readily identify what that taste differential was exactly.  And, the red-pepper feta dip with their YUMMY Crispy Calamari is absolutely incredible!  I have also enjoyed the Grilled Tuna here as well.  Even though it came with mashed potatoes the fish was the perfect temperature and very light.  Scrumptidiliocious indeed!!! The only thing that I did not like on both visits is that negotiating your way to the bathroom on a weekend evening is a pain.  On both instances I have been to this restaurant it has been CROWDED!  You had to wade through throngs of waiting people to negotiate any kind of table exiting at all.  And, on these nights parking was kind of a bear as well. Would I go back...OH YEAH!...In a heartbeat - the food is THAT good.  Eclectic fare with a lot of restaurant 'specialties'.  This is my kind of spot for sure.  The food is 5 stars, but they only get 4 due to overpopulating the restaurant on Fridays and Saturdays!
I was born and raised in Jacksonville, and I used to think that AIX was too expensive and I always wondered who all of those people were who would eat there once, twice or three times a month, but now I know... ready folks.... THEY'RE NOT NATIVES!  Not even close.   After a few years of kicking it in NYC, I now know who "those people" are and respect that they find this place delightful, delectable, and dare I say it, affordable! From the Top: To start I would suggest the Duck Spring Rolls or the Charcuterie & Imported Cheese Plate (don't miss out on the Brillat-Savarin in the cheese selection). On to Salads: The Baby Spinach & Mixed Greens with pears, candied walnuts & house-made blue cheese dressing is my usual and if a fan of any or all of these things, is a must.  Blue Cheese with Candied Walnuts is my favorite combination of flavors! For the Entree: If you choose a pizza, may I suggest the Smoked Salmon with red onions, crème fraîche, chili oil & caviar - this is a very balanced dish - salty, tangy, spicy, sweet, buttery, crispy, and delicate - it really is a treat! If you choose a pasta - DO NOT OVERLOOK THE MAC N' CHEESE!  It's $8.00 and is a dream as a side dish or as an appetizer! If you choose the meat/poultry/fish entree there are lots of WONDERFUL options to choose from: The red wine and shallot sauce which belongs to the Steak Frites is addictive.   The pairing of creamy polenta with roasted apples & Brussels sprouts and a beautiful roasted pork tenderloin is heavenly. The Ribeye with roasted potatoes, Brussels sprouts, creamy horseradish & crispy onions is out of this world. But my favorite: Filet Mignon on green beans with braised shallots, Stilton blue cheese & au gratin potatoes.  It's all about the Au Gratin Potatoes here folks!  Seriously!  Bring it ON! I'm not a desert person, so with that I cannot help. Though I have had their creme brulee and it does stand up to most. Their wine list is one of the best in Jacksonville, and though it sounds like that's not saying a lot, I believe it would stand on its own in many metropolitan cities as well.   In all, now that I am a New Yorker, AIX seems downright affordable for the quality of the experience (food, servers, management, and scene).  Wake up Jacksonville, you're lucky to have this place!  Chef Tom is incredible and he has given Jacksonville a wonderful gift - the gift of a refined dining experience for a fair price.
Just moved in the neighborhood and we decided to try this place. The atmosphere is nice,cozy and romantic, the food selection is not that great but at least they have a little bit of everything. We tried the gnocchi and steak frites, the plates were pretty full. We wanted to share both plates and  our server did not even waited for us to ask it. He separated the food and brought us four plates instead of two, which was nice of him. Overall,we had a great experience and will definetly go back.
I've never been to the Bistro AIx in San Francisco, but according to our server they aren't related.  Now I"m curious to know whether the experiences would be in any way comparable. A group of seven lovely ladies settled down for a business dinner at a rather uncomfortably cramped round table.  Yes, it was quite "cozy" and if these were my girlfriends it might have even been nice to be so intimate, but being about two inches from the regional AVP of operations was a little to close for my comfort.   We arrived at around 5:30, the place was practically empty, why wouldn't they seat us at a more spacious table, or put some tables together? I had a steak which was cooked to my temperature, but was not as flavorful as I would have liked.  I substituted mashed potatoes for the pommes frites, and they were rather bland too, but the string beans came out perfectly crisp and tasty.  That and a nice glass of Shirah made for a pleasant meal.  Our server was great, and even gave all seven of us separate checks.  (A pain for her, but I honestly think she comes out winning in the end.)
Meh, I wasn't even footin' the bill, and yet it still only get 3 stars.... I had steak frties, which, though tender, lacked any flavor besides a mild saltiness.  The texture was interesting, almost like it had been artificially tenderized...I wonder...Anyway, not so good. The apps we had included the homemade chips with bleu cheese which were quite delicious.  I am a sucker for a fried potato though in any form. Also had the calamari which was fried, lightly in a flour batter.  It was good. Had a flourless chocolate cake for dessert which I didn't finish because it was just not worth it. Hmm, why only 3 stars?  I dunno, the price again, was just not worth it to me for the quality of the food. I do have the say the server we had this time was weird/quirky/cool.  She's a little touchy feely though and if I were a girl and she were an ugly guy, I'd say it was creepy.  But I'm not a girl and she wasn't an ugly guy, so it was thoroughly amusing. I don't go to the Aix if it's my choice, but I know many others love it.
I went to Bistro Aix last night with the intention of treating some guests to a special dining experience.  Despite booking reservations in advance (through OpenTable), our party of four was not seated until 20 minutes after our reservation time.  We ordered our appetizer almost immediately, but our entrees didn't hit the table until over *one hour* past our reservation time.  I understand the restaurant was very busy, but waiting over an hour for entrees is too long of a wait no matter how nice the restaurant or how good the food is. We weren't the only ones experiencing excessive waits as several other parties who'd made reservations were inquiring with the hostess how much longer their waits would be.  While we were waiting to be seated, we overheard one party had waited over half an hour and still hadn't been called. Bistro Aix is a farm-to-table restaurant meaning the ingredients for the restaurant's menu items are grown and produced locally, all-natural and organic, with sustainable practices in mind.  I love these types of restaurants and am a big fan of several in Atlanta (yelp.com/list/atlanta-fa…).  Bistro Aix was my first experience with a farm-to-table restaurant in Jacksonville and I was disappointed.  The food wasn't bad, but it can't hold a candle to comparable restaurants I've tried. The restaurant has a rustic look and feel that is stylish.  French influences are evident throughout from the decor (e.g. artwork) to the chefs' apparel.  A beautiful bar surrounds the semi-open kitchen.  There's a "market" that sells cookies, brownies, cakes, breads, and coffees.  Outside, in the back, features intimate and romantic outdoor seating.  Inside, the atmosphere is energetic.  Attractive people like to dine here.  Noise level is loud.  You'll be raising your voice to talk to others at your table. Menu is European and seasonal.  Several items come in two sizes.  When it comes to the entrees, the difference in size applies to the protein only.  For example, if you order the filet mignon, the full size entree comes with an 8 oz. filet while the "light" size entree comes with a 4 oz. filet.  The amount of sides that come with the entree is the same no matter what size you order. We ordered the following: Appetizer: Escargot in puff pastry with sweet garlic cream & mushrooms ($10) Entrees (full size): Certified Angus Filet Mignon  with green beans, shallots, Stilton blue cheese & au gratin potatoes ($36) Seared Loch Duart Salmon with local arugula, pickled onions, sweet peppers, goat cheese, potatoes & mustard ($30) Niman Ranch Berkshire Pork Loin on runner beans, Hobbs' pancetta & local greens ($25) Ashley Farms Roasted Chicken on local root vegetables, Brussels sprouts, huckleberries & sweet onion puree ($23) The escargot (land snails) was great.  Succulent escargot was piled high atop a flaky pastry.  The creamy garlic sauce was delicious.  This was probably the highlight of our meal. Of the entrees, my favorite was the Angus filet.  We ordered it medium rare and the steak came out medium rare to rare.  The filet was tender with hints of a buttery consistency throughout.  The sauce/marinade tasted unique and had a bit of an aroma to it, probably from the blue cheese.  Green beans were long, crunchy, and crisp.  Au gratin potatoes were cheesy and quite tasty. Salmon was OK, also tender.  That and the pork loin seemed a bit too salty.  I did enjoy the greens, onions, and peppers that came with the fish.  Good flavor.  Pork loin was chewy and I wasn't crazy about the beans that came with. Roasted chicken wasn't much better.  The breast was expectedly dry and bland.  Dark meats were better, juicy and more savory.  Veggies (carrots, Brussels sprouts, etc.) were nothing to write home about.  The huckleberries added color and helped with the presentation of the dish, but not much else. The "light" versions of the pork loin and roasted chicken entrees can easily suffice for a full and satisfying meal at dinner.  I do recommend the full size versions for the filet mignon and salmon, however. Service was good.  Nik was our server and he did a great job even though it was a hectic night.  There was one small snafu with our silverware.  After we finished our app, a staff member took most of our used silverware and did not replace them.  This left some of us without forks or knives by the time our entrees came out.  We notified one of the staff, who replaced our silverware right away. Since I knew beforehand there would be a generous "struggle" as to who in our party would pay for the bill, I snuck my card to Nik shortly after we were seated.   He tactfully had the check paid for after asking for our dessert order.  Kudos to him for helping me with that. Free parking is available in a small, private lot behind the restaurant.  The main entrance to the restaurant is located on San Marco Blvd, but you can also enter from the back. 2.5 stars reluctantly rounded down to 2.
We had a wonderful time on New Year's Eve at Bistro Aix. They were packed and the service was still on point. The menu was a NYE special and it had some wonderful options. We sampled the  mac and cheese, foie gras, and sweetbreads. Then for dinner we had the filet with potatoes au gratin and scallops with truffle-whipped potatoes. I have no recollection of what we had for dessert, but I gobbled it up. The service was wonderful, too. For a place to be SO incredibly busy on perhaps the busiest night of the year, our server was friendly, helpful, and recommended whatever that fantastic dessert was. Perhaps it's been around for awhile, and it isn't the newest, coolest place on the block, but Bistro Aix does Jacksonville proud. Go today.
Wonderful restaurant!  I had the Scottish Salmon, which our server explained is flown in twice-weekly from a private lake in Scotland.  I'm not sure if I believe it, but it sounds great.  The taste was superb!  The only thing upsetting was that I ate it so quickly.  The Creme Brulee was good - the top was perfectly caramelized and the presentation was nice.  This appears to be a local favorite and there are many well-to-do people discussing everything from business to politics around us.
I went to Bistro Aix to celebrate my birthday with my wife and family. Our reservation was for 5:45 and we all had arrived by 5:50 and were seated in the Martini room, the new room connected to the main dining area. We waited 5-10 minutes and ordered an appetizer, and then placed our order for (2) pizzas, an entree salad, small plate of Steak Frites, and another small entree. We did not receive our dinner for an hour and a half. Then when it came, our wine and drinks did not come with it. The worst part about the service was that not ONCE did a manager or floor manager come by and ask how were were doing or provide options for us. Our server kept telling us that the items would be out soon. I've never had poor service from Bistro Aix, so I was shocked to see it and I was even more shocked to not receive anything from a manager. Maybe slow and poor service is the standard at Bistro Aix and the management does not care. There are so many great local restaurants to go to, I think I will give Bistro Aix a few years to fix their service issues, before I go back. Food was great once we received it, but by the time we received the food, it really did not matter if it was from Burger King.
Meh. Overpriced, loud and average. I really wanted to like this place. Went for dinner with friends when we were both in from out of town visiting family in the area us from Boston them from Chicago. For what you pay its not worth the price, not even close. Its not a bad restaurant its just for what you get you should have to pay about half. Appetizer: Organic Beets - No complaints Dinner: My husband got the Risotto w/ Shrimp - It wasn't the worst Risotto he's had, just average. Slightly undercooked, he did eat it all but only because I ate the last bit because I was still hungry from the salad I got. Our companions - they both got  Pizza (three cheese and Mushroom and Fontina), its seemed fine and they did eat it all. Nothing groundbreaking but at the same time nothing wrong. I got Baby Spinach and Mixed Green salad. It was fine but the amount of proportions of ingredients seemed a little off, real heavy on the greens, not so much Spinach and other ingredients it left me searching for something else to eat (like my husband's risotto). To give you some perspective of other places my husband and I have eaten, we use to live in NYC and have eaten at numerous Michelin rated restaurants including a couple of 3 stars (Daniel and Le Bernardin) so we aren't afraid to pay for quality.
Wow. Bistro Aix must really be hurting for business. Went there for NYE dinner last night with a party of 6. The waitress literally up sold EVERYTHING. Every time someone asked for a recommendation, she offered up the most expensive items on the menu. The kicker was when someone asked for a glass of Chardonnay, the waitress sold THE MOST EXPENSIVE glass on the list. $25 PER GLASS. The person in my party ordered three glasses and had no idea she just blew $75 on wine.  She could have ordered 3 bottles at that rate. So my only assumption is the wait staff were told to up sell for the holiday. I expect that from lower quality restaurants, but not something as well-established as Aix. Very disappointed. And even if the meal was semi-decent, when you get hit with a surprise like that when you leave to celebrate a holiday, it leaves a lasting negative impression.
I had dinner here twice and both times I shook my head while exiting looking at my credit card receipt. This place is really expensive. They do have a really cool white onyx bar, worth it to check out. I recently read in a Florida Restaurant Magazine featuring the chef Tom Gray is a Jacksonville native. He has been trained at all the best culinary school, but if he's reading this, please lower the prices. Maybe its just to classy for me but everyone enjoys fine dining at a reasonable price. Food is good. Great place to take a date but break the wallet.
amazing!
One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Jville! Great service, a fascinating menu and intimate ambiance, its the perfect place to go for celebratory meal..or if youre just feeling fancy! I had the most decadent dinner here last week, I'm still thinking about it! We started off with the escargot and seared tuna. The tuna was your typical dish but I could not get enough of the escargot. I had to remind myself that this was an appetizer to share and to leave some for the rest of my table! The escargot was cooked to perfection and the rich sauce soaked into the pastry underneath, making the dish just melt in your mouth. The entree was just as amazing. A huge fan of potato dumplings, i went for the parmagian gnoochi with black truffle oil and creamed leeks topped with an oxtail ragu. While the gnoochi was a little undercooked for my taste, all the flavors mixed perfeclty in the broth and made for a flavorful plate. To be honest, I did not know what to expect from oxtail and was pleasantly surprised. Like the escargot, I did not want this entree to end! Should have gotten the large portion... For dessert, I decided to steer away from my usual chocolate molten lava cake and try the banana walnut chocolate bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. This dessert was beyond mind blowing. The carmalized banana on top almost melted into the moist chocolate cake below...AND  you could top it with creamy vanilla ice cream for the perfect tasty combo. If you want an unforgettable meal, Bistro Aix is your place!
"Wow! That's the best tomato soup I've ever had." That's the first thing my husband said after he took a bite of his tomato soup. It was going to be a good night. It's been quite a while since I've been to Aix, but it's just as good as I remember. Very glad to find a restaurant hasn't lost it's luster and is able to sustain in the treacherous restaurant world of Jacksonville. My husband went with the prixe-fixe special they offer on weeknights. In addition to his tomato soup, he also had the pork tenderloin. The tenderloin was juicy and perfectly cooked. I'm assuming he enjoyed the brussel sprouts it was served with as well since there wasn't a single one left on the plate. I ordered the mac & cheese, which like they suggest on the menu would be perfect as a side or an appetizer. Since I wasn't that hungry after my afternoon snack (yelp.com/biz/edgewood-ba…) it was perfect for dinner. Since my husband got dessert with his meal, we shared the flourless espresso chocolate torte. Oh the ladies at Weight Watchers aren't going to like me tomorrow. =/ "Wow! I hit 300 reviews." That's the first thing I thought when I started typing this.
This place was PHENOMENAL.  The wait staff was attentive, and my waitress was very chatty and personable despite my showing up alone with a book (the dreaded 1-top).  I travel a fair amount for work, and I eat in a lot of restaurants... this one is definitely in the top 5 percentile. I got a penne pasta dish with spicy sausage in a tomato based sauce with goat cheese, and it was a religious experience.  A warning here - the half size portions are more than enough for a meal.  I got the half size, and I can't imagine what would have come for the full size... it may come with a complimentary set of swim trunks so that diners can fully submerge  :) Dessert was a chocolate bread pudding with caramelized bananas in a rum sauce, and again, WOW.  Phenomenal dessert, and the portions were quite good.  It's rather pricey, since a meal for one with no alcohol came to $40 with tax and tip, but it's well worth it for a special occasion or a business dinner.  I can't recommend this place highly enough!
Consistently awesome.  We went last night for dinner on a Groupon promo. Carrie was our server, and she was awesome, attentive, pleasant, and knew exactly when to show up.   I had the duck, my wife had the "Onglet" steak frites.  Both were delicious.  For dessert, we had the cobbler--apple. MMMMMMMMMMM. Because we are addicted to "Mad Men," I've acquired a taste for the Gimlet (I know, it's a girl drink, but I just can't brink myself to swill the stuff straight like those guys do!).  Bistro's bartender made the most amazing version of that drink--a fresh-squeezed lime-flavored concoction that takes you smoothly and quickly to buzz-land!
One of our favorite restaurants in Jacksonville. Food never disappoints, wait staff sometimes slacking.
Great spot in Jacksonville, have been twice and dinner both nights was fantastic.  Had the fish special both times and dishes were about as good as you can get... fish was very fresh and cooked perfectly.
It was a Sunday evening and we a group of nine, with vast majority from out of town. All were impressed with the variety found on the menu, the service and the quality of the entrees.  All complimented me regarding the choice...a very good experience.
Dinner/business meeting at the recommendation of a local. They did a lot right and a few things wrong, and I'm sure we'll be back next time we're in town. To start, there's construction nearby and the road is closed out front. Despite that, they have outstanding signage and there was never a question (even to this non-local) about where to go. Plenty of parking, too. The dining room is nice - dark wood, comfortable booths, but pretty noisy. Food was pretty good: we got a risotto, a steak frites, and a duck breast. Food was pretty good, but it had clearly been under a warming lamp too long. In fact, I'd say that a good kitchen, stymied by poor front of restaurant execution, was sort of the them of the evening. Our waiter was enthusiastic but didn't seem too experienced - couldn't recommend anything in particular off the menu and it took him a long time to get us menus, take drink orders, bring us our drinks (mine was half melted by the time he brought it), take our dinner order, bring our food, clear each course, bring the next...we ended up spending a pleasant 2 1/2 hours at Bistro Aix but we weren't lingering or anything. That's just how long it took them to get us through 3 courses.
It was unexpectedly sleek and hip.  The location is a little odd in the middle of nowhere.  They have a cosy, dimly lit front room, and then they have a cool (and icey cold), modern deco room in the back.  The service was great.  Very attentive throughout the dining experience.  Tried their calamari: it was okay Steamed Mussel: this was GREAT!  you must be a garlic lover though and very hungry.  They will give you a whole boat load of them. Macaroon: a gigantic one was more than enough for me to share and it was very moist and good :-) I'd definitely go back if I have a chance.
they have great lemonade & their food is pretty good -- but for what you get, I don't know if the price is worth it. I think there are wayyy better restaurants in jacksonville.
Restaurant looks ok from the outside, but it is fancy on the inside.... It has a nice gothic decor in the dining area.. However, nice decor doesn't mean comfortable seatings! Place is far to cramped!! Something needs to be done with their table arrangements, they are too close to one another. Lets get to the meal... Food here, delicious ..  Pricing on their menu is reasonable, especially for the amount of food that they give.. I highly recommend their drinks. They do have good margaritas and martinis.. They are also decently priced, and strong! The way I like them to be.. Oh and also, I have always received excellent service here. Waiters know what they are talking about, and are a great help at choosing an entree..
My go-to place for special occasions. They never disappoint. Everything is good here. The cocktails, the food, the dessert, the staff, the ambiance.... My visit usually starts with a Belvedere Dirty Martini w/Blue Cheese Stuffed Olives or Jalapeno stuffed olives (this is the only place I know that has jalapeno stuffed olives). For an appetizer, you must try the Escargot. It comes in a fluffy puff pastry shell with mushrooms and a delicious cream sauce. Its amazing. For dinner, I usually order the Steak Frites or the Filet Mignon. The steaks are tender, juicy and full of flavor. I think the fries are topped with rosemary and parmesan. Yum! This is one of the best restaurants in Jacksonville. It has such a cool hip vibe. The interior is very warm and inviting. I love the Onyx Bar! Bistro Aix is a great breath of fresh air.
The food was pretty good, with everyone in our party loving one of our dishes (the favorites were rib eye, spinach salad, and bread pudding [mine]). It's not a meal that wowed me, however. It's fairly expensive, with most entrees in the 20s. I could have eaten cheaper, however, by choosing a pizza for about $14. Their wine list seemed quite good, with quite a few available by the glass. I found one of my favorites, Saracco Moscato d' Asti, by the glass. The setting in the main room was pleasant, but the new Onyx Room in the back looks better. It features onyx lit from behind, a long bar, and comfortable-looking booths. It looks like an upscale lounge. Our server was mostly good, but for two things. He said something to one of our party that we all laughed at, but it could be perceived as an insult. Also, when I asked a question about wine he didn't seem to understand the basics of champagne. Overall, I'd say this is pretty good on each of food, service, and setting. If you choose the right dishes you could have an excellent meal here. Depending on what you order, however, it can be expensive.
Here is a French restaurant pretending to be upscale. The prices and décor certainly reflect this, but the service and the food did not. When we arrived, there were several people crowded around the front door and I assumed there was a wait. I went to give my party information to the hostess, who asked me to wait. I waited about a minute and then tried to speak again. Again she told me to wait. Apparently, she cannot multi-task. I told her that I just wanted to give her my party information and she informed me there was, in fact, no wait. She was just waiting to seat someone else. I finally was able to give her my information and she let me know it would be 5 minutes. Needless to say, I was confused since she just said there was no wait, but I guess she needed time to seat the other parties. I went here with a couple of friends and we choose outdoor seating. When we were finally able to sit down, we mulled over the menu for about 5 minutes before being attended to by a waiter. Granted our waters were filled pretty quickly. We ordered the eggplant and goat cheese appetizer to split. By this time, we still did not have bread on our table. We could not bring this to our waiter's attention since he did not visit us for another 5 minutes to inform us that for some reason, our drink orders were still not ready. We eventually received 3 pieces of bread for 3 people. I could not believe it. It tasted wonderful (that warm, moist, just-out-of-the-over taste), but how could they not bring out more? Why would we want only one piece each? We ordered more bread and it came out with our appetizer. This batch was not nearly as tasty as the first - kind of dry and definitely only luke-warm. Our appetizer portion was not that big for 3 people, but we could not finish it as none of us enjoyed the taste. It was missing something - all the flavors seemed to mixed together without any independence, creating a not very pleasant taste. For my entrée, I ordered the escargot (since I knew I also wanted dessert). I was looking forward to this dish since I had it prepared 3 different ways in France, and they all tasted delicious. This dish was served on a pastry puff and mushroom sauce. It reminded of oysters, which I don't like. The pastry was flaky, but only in the layered sense. It was not soft and did not give me the "melt in your mouth" feel that I was seeking. I tried two of the six escargot that were served and could not eat any more of this dish. The waiter took this back without an issue. For dessert we had Crème Brule, which is pretty hard to mess up. This classic dessert tasted great as always. We also ordered ice wine - the first time for two of us to try this. WARNING - yes, this is a dessert wine so we should have expected it, but it is extremely sweet. We both did not like the taste of this. At the end of the (2 hour) meal, our bill came in a little package called "The Damage." Not cute and over the top for us. We were not in the mood after an unexpected 2 hours of sitting down. The waiter did not stay while we pulled out our credit card to pay. We went inside to find him and get the heck out of there.
Consider this a mea culpa. My first experience at Bisto Aix was not good. It was pretty terrible to be fair (see my other review). Luckily, the restaurant management doesn't take these things lightly and reached out to me to try to make it right. That's the first sign of a great restaurant to me; the management cares what you think. As a result, I've returned to the restaurant multiple times since the last review. Each time I was able to sample some different things and while some things fell short of expectation, most of the time it was stellar. Here's what I know is great: The french onion soup. This is the best of this variety of soup I've ever had. Perfectly creamy, cheesy, and the bread remains crisp. I don't envision me returning here without ordering a cup. Also excellent is the Tuna. The fish itself is pretty good, but the combination of the flavors of the potatoes, spinach, and truffle oil are fantastic. This is the hallmark of a good chef; taking a few pedestrian items and making a phenomenal dish. Don't overlook the pizzas either! The mushroom pizza is the perfect appetizer for a group (4+) or a solid meal choice. Very well done. For dessert, you could go a number of different ways but I think the best is the blondie. Everything else seems to be more flash than taste. The blondie is where it's at for me. Some things that I don't really care for: the pasta and risotto dishes. These are ok, but they just don't do it for me. I'd avoid them and stick with a meat or fish dish. Also, some of the appetizers were a waste of time (the escargot for instance). Go with the pork kabobs or the aforementioned soup. Overall, the restaurant is solid. Sometimes the service is spotty, the parking can suck, and a dish can miss but that won't stop me from going back. The goods far outweigh the bads. So if something isn't up to snuff, don't be afraid to mention it to management as they'll likely make it right.
Bistro Aix, pronounced (Bistro "X"), fancies itself "city-hip."  After numerous visits, this restaurtant officially lives up to its claim of coolness. Bistro Aix consists of two large dining rooms.  The front room has a gothic feel with large wooden chairs, a huge clock on the wall, and medieval candlesticks on the tables.  The second room is almost completely white and serves as both a lounge and dining area. Along with the impressive interior, Bistro Aix has excellent food.  For an appetizer, try the crispy duck spring roll.   Then try the grilled lamb or the filet mignon for your entree.  The real treat comes when you get to try one of home-made desserts from Bistro Aix's bakery.  The warm chocolate banana bread pudding is unbelievable. For wine, try the 2004 Artesa Cabernet from Napa/Sonoma or the 2006 Crazy Legs Riesling from Columbia Valley.  Make sure you dress "hip" so you can fit in with the young and stylish crowd found nightly at Bistro Aix.
Excellent food. Knowledgable staff. Margarita pizza and filet were top notch...would come back.
I wanted to share the owner's message to me after I wrote the review on Bistro AIX: Greetings, Gus F., Thank you for sharing your opinion and enthusiasm for Bistro AIX on yelp!  We are pleased to know that you enjoyed the restaurant on your visit with us. Our entire staff strives to deliver the best food, service and ambiance every day and reviews like yours allow us to know when we hit our mark.  It was an absolute pleasure to share your review with the Bistro AIX team and to bring special attention to the wonderful job Justin did taking care of you...your review made our day! Again, thank you for your support and we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you again soon if your travels bring you back to Jacksonville. Best regards, Sarah Marie Johnston Marketing Director Bistro AIX My response to her: Just keep cooking that good food and don't get rid of Justin!!! (Susan loved that guy!!!) Folks, this is why I yelp.
Wound up in Jacksonville a little unexpectedly and fortunately Yelp! drive me in the direction of Bistro Aix.  Looking quickly at the menu, it seemed a little expensive for a quick lunch but my wife looked good, I looked good, and the grrl...takes after both of us so I framed our "expensive lunch" as a treat to be enjoyed. I'm glad we went.  My pastrami sandwich (on baguette instead of Rye) was excellent.  The boursin cheese was a nice twist on that sandwich and I always like a great baguette.  My wife chose the Quiche Lorraine and her food was also excellent.  The surprise came with the grrl's pasta plate.  The hand-made fresh pasta was a nice surprise and we all took samples of it once we saw that the pasta was fresh.  We also appreciated that a lot of the food on the menu was locally/carefully sourced and that there was an earth friendly theme throughout the menu. "THE DAMAGE" arrived and things were not as expensive as it initially seemed.  Some tasty Nutter Butters and some iced coffee caramel finished things off and we were on our way.  My family really enjoyed our lunch and I will recommend anyone looking at this review to make a visit at least once even if you have kids.  Better to give them real food than fast food crap they can get anywhere.  The only other bit of advice I will give is to not let your spouse make you sit outside in 96 degree heat mid-day just because the courtyard is nice :).  The inside looked beautiful when I took a bathroom break and I was instantly envious of everyone sitting there while I was outside sweating while eating my own exquisitely prepared food...
Good things about Aix: the very attractive waitresses, napkins changed to match your clothing, and consistent food. Bad things about Aix: it is very crowded, it is very loud, and the parking situation sucks. Can't have everything....
Bistro Aix is fun, hip and busy.  Every plate is stylish and delicious.  Chef Tom is inventive and playful.  Sit at the chef's bar to watch the kitchen action and feel the heat from the pizza oven.  Sit at the Onyx bar to see and be seen.  Hide out in the open air tables out back. Service is the best in town and we love coming back to see what new creations have been added since our last visit.
Great place where the cool people hang out. No red necks its a treat!
Wow! Third time there, and this time, NOT GOOD. Service was poor, "this is my first day working here", food was very salty, not hot and flavors were not worth the money. Fish sandwich was all bread. Sorry to say that we will not be back.
Love love love love! Definitely a great date night place. I've had many amazing meals here but they keep it fresh and the menu changes with the seasons so I'm not sure I could make any recommendations on dishes besides... Everything! You honestly could point to an item on the menu blindfolded and be amazed every time!! This place is a MUST
I had an amazing lunch here today, which made up for all the awful road construction surrounding Bistro Aix and Avondale.   The quiche du jour, spinach, tomato and goat cheese, was equal to the ones I had in Paris. I am not a fan of goat cheese, but this was very creamy and mild.  The quiche is paired with either a house salad or a caesar salad.  Unwisely, I picked the caesar which was too much with the quiche.  I also nibbled on some rosemary pomme frites which were devine.
Very polite, clean, and the decor is beautiful. Love it
Incredible! Food was great, and amazing custom drinks!
Bistro Aix is a great staple when you are looking for fine dining on a fairly reasonable budget. It definitely isn't cheap, by any means. Two people can expect to spend at least $60 between them if they both order Entree's and perhaps a beverage each. However, in my mind, $60 for a great meal is not that unreasonable! It's pretty great considering what you get. The atmosphere is really nice... dark and full of aged Oak, with a large bar that extends into the open kitchen where you can sit and enjoy a delicious meal while you watch the gourmet chef's prepare the tasty morsels. There is some awesome outdoor seating in the lush patio and there is also a really nice lounge attached to the main dining room where dining is also available, but there is another bar in muted pinks and creams. It has a rustic, yet upscale feel that is chic and comfortable at the same time. The food is amazing. I have always had a great experience on that front. My favorites are their Baby Arugula Salad paired with fresh shaved Parmesan, diced Tomatoes, and crispy stuffed Blue Cheese Olives [Fried Blue Cheese olives?? heaven...], topped in a Creamy Lemon Vinaigrette. I also love their Wood Fired Pizzas... any and all of them. Their half portions of Pastas are also great if you are looking to get a smaller portion, or pair it with a half salad. And then all of their Entrees are supreme. Depending on my mood I vary between the Ahi Tuna or the Filet Mignon, typically. Some other must tries... the Blue Cheese topped homemade potato chips are killer! And the Mac-n-Cheese is classic. If you go for lunch, try the Grilled Cheese. It will open your mind to the potentials in a Grilled Cheese Sandwich. Oh, and get a martini if you know what's good for you! They are fantastic and worth the $10.
Parking is much better now & arrogant bartender is gone too! For some weird reason they do not stock/serve Gray Goose Vodka.
Arrived at 6:30 on a weekday without a reservation.  Although quite crowded they a little table for two of us.   Nice list of wines by the glass, $7-12.  Warm bread served with oil & balsamic.  We both started with the creamy French onion soup, rich, buttery and quite tasty.  Mains were steak frites & grilled chicken, both meats done just right.  Wasnt crazy about the sweet potato fries which could have been cooked a wee bit more. Desert was creme brulee & chocolate banana pudding. Prix Fixe menu of $29 for three courses was a good deal. I would come back next time in JAX
As has been said before, what Bistro Aix lacks is consistency. there are places on the menu where the dishes are creative, delicious, and flavor is allowed to shine. The smoked salmon pizza is one of the most unusual things I've seen, and is quite tasty. Others seem to be little more than filler for empty space. Ask for recommendations, as the staff is usually well-informed. The decor is trendy, the service is good, and the prices are high. Very high. I might have been spoiled living in VA, where good food and good prices are not mutually exclusive, but I can't justify spending a small fortune for a meal that amounts to a lottery ticket for taste. On the bright side, Chef Tom Gray knows his stuff. I've seen him in Publix cook-offs, and he clearly enjoys the work. The last time I was at Bistro Aix, they had Chef's specials, which are worth taking a look at, if you can stomach the expense.
The drinks are good here and the food is pretty decent.  The atmosphere is lively but a little loud. If you get a chance, try their mango mint mojito.  It is very refreshing and doesn't have that overpowering punch of mint. We started with the mussles appetizer which was delish... but then again we were starving by the time our table was available.  Reminder, call ahead of time for reservations!  We then ordered the Sheepshead Aixoise and roasted duck breast.  There wasn't anything that gave us a lasting impression about the sheepshead aixoise and the duck was good as usual.  For desert we had the chocolate bread pudding.  The dessert was less than acceptable.  I think the only thing that we like was the mojito. I can not give 4 stars because their consistency.  The last few times we went there it was also a mixed bag.  It seems like they rotate their menu frequently which may explain the inconsistency.
This restaurant was my favorite spot to drink and eat with the girls or with friends. The staff is quick and the food is yummy. If you don't feel like eating a big meal, then head to the bar and split appetizers with friends or just order a fine beverage. I miss Bistro Aix! Update: I ate here after living over four years in France. Boy, has my palate changed. The servings are just right and the quality of the special order drinks are good, but I don't feel that the food is authentically French. This doesn't mean the food is not good, it just means that I don't feel like I'm in France when I'm here, save for the decor. This is how it loses a star. I'm still a fan because the staff is educated about their menu and friendly, but I felt like was being sold to by a used car salesman. It was just too greasy for my taste. I will say the the service is better here than a real French restaurant, so that's a positive! The restaurant is clean and well-decorated and it's fun to watch the chefs cook, but I felt the tables were too close together. It was like a maze trying to get to our table. We could hear the conversation word for word from the table next to us. I felt that for everything we got, it was a little pricey for lunch. I paid over $55 for a lunch for two and we just shared one appetizer and each had a sandwich and one special drink.
I have been back to Bistro Aix a few times now - twice with one other person, and once with a very large group celebrating a birthday.   Each time, I've had a lovely time and a delicious meal.  I'm happy to say I think my experience earlier this year at Bistro Aix was just an "off"night - the kind that every restaurant has from time to time.   The food is consistently good and there are always a number of dishes that are seasonal, which I love.  For one meal, I had a risotto dish inspired by ratatouille that I wish they always had - it was delicate and creamy and full of flavor.  There are also permanent menu items that seem to always deliver, like the French onion soup, the wood-fired pizzas and the blondie from the bakery. On a service note, it has always been good and sometimes been great.  Their management staff is clearly very involved and very responsive to feedback, which is a great quality.  For my friend's birthday, we mentioned on the phone that she loved red velvet cupcakes from a local bakery.  Bistro Aix's pastry chef proceeded to make a special-order red velvet cake that was exactly what my friend loved - it was a wonderful experience.   So go to Bistro Aix!  And if you happen to have a bad night - go back.  You'll be glad you did.
Brick Oven Pizza from this place is a amazing!
I have to say I was a bit dissapointed with Bistro Aix.  I came in with super high expectations and was let down on the overall experience.  I few highlights were the cocktails, decor, and filet.  Their ox tail gnocci wasn't very good and the service was so-so.  I would come back, but with different expectations.
Although I've eaten at Aix a number of times now, I can't add much to all the stellar food reviews you'll see here. They have a great menu and fantastic options for any kind of dinner, lighter/smaller meals or longer dinners with large groups. What I'd like to review is their Champagne Bar. I was at Aix on Thanksgiving weekend for the first time since their remodel and addition of this fabulous bar. The ambiance was fantastic, there's multiple seating options and plenty of room at the bar; they also play live music and have some pretty fantastic local talent setting the mood to sit and enjoy a couple of drinks. I reviewed the drink menu and almost tried one of their many great mixed drink options -- really nice selection with some of the harder to find and higher quality mixing options... But then I noticed their whiskey display. For any whiskey/bourbon lover out there, Bistro Aix has the Holy Grail!!!! Aix has the line up of Pappy Van Winkle!!! You heard me, they have Pappy Van Winkle, and not just the 10 year. The have Pappy 10, 12, 15, AND 20. The hardest to find bourbon, especially after this year's bourbon theft, I had no idea Bistro Aix would be stocking such a selection. I was lucky enough to have the chance to try the very first taste of all four bottles! The 20 year Pappy is the absolute best bourbon I've ever had, and I can see why the 12 year also keeps winning awards left and right. While they still have any Pappy left, I highly recommend treating yourself to wonderful service, a wonderful night out, and a special taste of one of the finest bourbons available on the market. I'm not sure you can find Pappy anywhere else in northern Florida!!!
One of the most unfriendly dining experiences I have ever had.  We had reservations for 6:30 and arrived about 20 mins early expecting to meet up with our friends for a drink 1st.  The restaurant was so busy and loud that we couldn't even think.  As i tried to ask if there was a wine list, I was 'hushed' by the bartender (one of three).  I was told to 'hold on a minute, I'm in the middle of something'.  Shocked!  So we waited and waited and waited.   15 mins. later I asked a different bartender for help so I could at least order us a drink before dinner.  (we were there about 30 mins now).  Once I ordered the 2 glasses of wine and 1 mojito, we waited.  And waited and waited while the bartenders filled the orders of all the guests that were seated at the tables 1st!  We had to wait another 10 mins--for 2 glasses of wine and a 'lousy tasting' mojito.  I am embarrassed that I brought my friends here! And the food?  No thanks--I can make something much better right at home!  Once we were seated, it took another 10+ mins to get water and again more and more time to not only order our food, but for them to be served.   Save yourself the frustration of this snooty, noisy and less-than-satisfactory restaurant--go somewhere else!
Went on V-day, was expecting we would be sitted somewhere quite but instead we were sitted in front of the bar. Food was good. I will come back to order their speciality in Escargot. Very mouth-watering. Service was good as well, except for some food that you will order will take time. I finished my 2nd entree & my husband is still waiting on his order of scallops. The bar side seems pretty good, lots of people at night. I would like to come back here for an occasion for groups not for your romantic/classy type though.
The parking is the only issue- especially if it's raining.  The bathrooms, while clean, are far away from the restaurant.seems like you walk by each other table to get to it. We dress up, but often people are in jeans and flip flops. The food is great though. I love the house salad. The vinegrette is fresh and the walnuts are a great addition. I tried the Morrocan lentil soup - We had a waitress from Morroco so we had to try, but ended up sending it back because the beans were hard and there was absolutely no flavor. A bit disappointing, but we sent it back and got our usual soup- smoked tomato.The smoked tomato soup is yummy! It doesn't have that fake smoke taste and it has a little creme fraiche  to add something special! The grilled tuna was tasty but very weirdly accompanied by mashed potatoes. It was still pretty good.  Not in our top 5, but good. The Steak Frites labled Bistro "onglet" steak with green beans, red wine shallot sauce & french fries are usually a great pick. Not a lot of flavor this last time we ordered them, but usually a pretty good choice. Our friends always order the House-made Spicy Sausage pizza with caramelized onions, tomatoes & spicy harissa. It's not what we would call "spicy" so we ask for red pepper flakes on the side, but we have never sent a single bite back to the kitchen. The service is great. The onyx bar is beautiful. The place is great. Always a good choice but not one of our regular places.
Admittedly, on my last night in Jacksonville back in March with friends, I wasn't in the mood for anything timid - I wanted to find a nice restaurant that both locals and visitors raved over, with a special lean on the locals. Hey I figure they would be return visitors. Me, I'm there perhaps for one visit. Well, my companions and I were not disappointed. First of, the place is elegant but casual, a bit noisy and of course, we sat accross the noisiest booth. If you're planning a quiet evening, tell them ahead of time so they can put you in a quieter area. Otherwise, it's quite noisy. But the food more than made up for any distractions. I had a seared tuna and it was just flawless. The vegetable sides - I love fresh vegetables - were perfectly cooked and my friends enjoyed their dinners as well. Quite a treat for our last night, and if it weren't for the noise level, I would've scored them a 5.
Perfect dinner tonight with friends.  The service was spot on, thank you Rachel.  I started with the Florida Old Fashioned, a great cocktail that was mixed perfectly.  We had the St Andre cheese platter and the mussel frites.  The cheese platter was amazing, I will come back just for it.  Order a half and you will have all you want.  For a entrée I had the Filet Mignon, cooked perfect and every bite was buttery delicious.  My friend had the Pappardelle Bolognese, I will be ordering this next time.  Finished the meal with bananas foster!  I love Bistro Aix and the new menu is amazing!  Thank you for a perfect meal.
Came here on a dessert and drinks date with my hubby...pretty good service and a great view of the kitchen bustle, which does make it a bit noisy. Had the house Cab and the Shooting Star Blue Franc (which I much preferred over the other). Our desserts ordered were the warm chocolate banana walnut bread pudding with butter rum sauce and a dollop of vanilla bean ice cream. I loved the garnish toasted/carmelized banana chips on top, made the dish much better. For the price and modest portion, not a bad place for dessert, but not the best I've had either. My dessert was much more original than my hubby's, who had the warm belgian lava cake with melted ganache chocolate center (and the same ice cream, of course).  His tasted much like something I've made myself before...out of a box. Still good, but a bit of  a disappointment on the individuality factor. Friendly staff, talkative groups of diners but I noted no music for the first half hour we were there. Strange but obviously the guests were busy enough talking to make the place live anyway. Would recommend to others for a mid-line, cozy dining experience.
We used to love Bistro Aix and it was a go-to place.  The last few times it seems to have lost it's luster.  The service remains top notch, and the atmosphere gets it to 3 stars, but the food doesn't seem to have the wow factor it used to. Tonight my wife ordered the steak frites, which she always gets.  She ordered medium rare and it came rare, and although they finished it off to closer to medium rare for her (and brought her a whole new plate too of course) , the meat was rather tough and flavorless.  The frites were perfect, but you would expect a decent place to be able to do good fries. I decided to try something different and went with the duck ravioli.  Not what I expected.  I consider myself a bit of a duck connoisseur, having been raised on freshly hunted wild mallard home cooked (no body beats Mom at cooking a duck of course!), so I try it about every chance I get.  I was expecting pieces of duck with something else (a cheese?) inside the ravioli, and that it would come with something of a thick sauce (maybe like a stew, or not quite a gravy).  But this dish had a pureed duck mixture inside the ravioli that was devoid of any of the rich flavor of the duck.  And then the ravioli were swimming in a thin broth.  The dish also had Hen of the Woods mushrooms, which I had just seen on an episode of Chopped, so I was looking forward to trying those.  While the mushrooms and steamed spinach in the broth had a nice flavor, the overall flavor of the dish was something of a sharp tangy vegetable, which was not exactly pleasing.   When I asked the waiter to take my obviously less than cleaned out plate, he dutifully inquired if I had not liked the dish.  I told him it wasn't what I was expecting (because at a place like this, I assume it was prepared properly and that it was just my tastebuds that weren't up to par, not the chef's dish).  He offered to prepare something else for me which I declined.  Being the top end place that it is, they comped my dish, which I did not expect at all. Let me add that my wife's appetizer, the Prosciutto and Goat Cheese salad was "very tasty", and my Crab Cakes were good as well.  And we do know that their fish dishes are always excellent.  Maybe we hit them on an off night?  Also, I had the 2010 Lincourt Unoaked Chardonnay which I though was excellent for an $8 a glass wine (I prefer richer, less oaky chardonnays). So overall this wasn't our best experience at Bistro Aix.  Service and atmosphere are 4 star, but it seems some of the dishes have fallen a bit.  Go for drinks, appetizers, or maybe the fish, and you will be sure to have an excellent time and meal.  But I wouldn't recommend the duck :)
So I need to justify the score of 2 as I have been here multiple times over the years and until today would have given this place a 4.  My wife and I sat at the bar in the back for the first time today. The bartender in the back was terrible. No personality and  seemed like he would rather be anywhere else in the world.  He was non attentive and only once asked us if we needed anything (the bar was not crowded).  If you go here and are curious he is the young black guy that wears a bow tie. A shout out to Nick he came over and was very nice. I was a bartender for several years and the bartender has. Tremendous influence on making a patron have a good time. We will be back but if this bartender is here, we will avoid the bar.
We had a great experience at Bistro Aix.  It was mine and my husband's anniversary so I decided to surprise him by taking him out to dinner here (he is a big foodie person).  Anyways, I had made a preferred seating arrangement on their website, just in case but found we actually didn't need it after all.  We went on a Thursday night which wasn't too crowded.   The staff were really nice and the place looked great on the inside.  They have two dinning areas, an outside area, a bar, and a bakery!   We didn't really care too much where they sat us. It was poorly lit, but I guess that's the way fancy places do things.   My husband wanted to sit at the bar, cause you could see the chefs prepare the food, but there wasn't any room.   okay so on with the food.  They have this three course meal for dinner that ends at 7pm.  You get either a soup or salad (of your choice), an entree, and a dessert!  I had order off of the three course meal, i had house salad (which was good except for the fact that it had too much cheese on top), the Risotto (which had sweet peas, tangerines and balsamic glaze. I added shrimp which later I was glad I did cause then it would have been just the Risotto.  It does cost a lil bit more though) and for my dessert I had their Creme Brulee (VERY delish). My husband had their duck which was VERY tasty!!  For dessert he had their cheesecake.   Now I would just go back for their desserts alone!  I really don't care too much for  cheesecake cause it usually taste really cheesy to me.  But Bistro Aix's cheesecake was very very creamy that I couldn't taste the cheese very much! I loved it! Overall our experience was great!  I gave it a 4 out of 5 cause its a bit pricey and I would prefer more lighting.
Meh.  I had excellent dinner companions, which helped, but the food was not great.  Calamari was nothing special and the risotto was tasteless.  I had to add lots of salt and pepper to taste anything.  The goat cheese salad was okay, but again nothing special.  The server was attentive until we got our food, then disappeared.  I didn't have an awful time, just would not make an effort to return.
Excellent service and lunch. The Hobbs goat cheese salad and my friends pizza were both delicious.
This is actually a 2.5 star review, with the main issue have being inconsistency. Bistro Aix has not shown me any consistency. I have given this restaurant a few too many chances, because I love the environment and the wine list. Simple and clean, yet with clear winners. And the first time I ever ate here was with my then fiance (married a year next Tuesday!) I had the pleasure of eating a seared duck breast with sweet and sour cherries accompanied by perfect brussel sprouts and a sage bread pudding I now recreate at home. But the pizzas are unpredictable, the service can be spotty, and there are some big failures that have made it to my plate. I have ordered a good calamari dish from Bisto Aix, and I have also ordered calamari that had one gooey pancake of raw batter and just as raw squid in the middle. Caesar salads can be crisp one day and limp the next, and bartenders can be professional and attentive one day and have major superiority complexes the next. Again, my word is inconsistency. The menu always looks simple yet promising, and the drinks are poured quickly and well. Although the decor, menu, prices and attitude of the staff communicate a sense of epicurean appeal, you just don't know for sure what you're going to get. The escargot used to be drenched in a butter mushroom sauce, and it was a flawless appetizer. The pizzas are unpredictable, like a I said, but I do suggest getting one with a strong cheese, they use a good supplier. On one occasion I had the chocolate molten cake with a beautiful Pinot Noir, and the next time I had the cake it was clearly microwaved and stale. The Creme Brulee is fairly idiot-proof. Again, having had a number of great experiences with the restaurant and understanding that a lot of culinary planning goes into the menu, I can't give this a negative review. But you can certainly throw some money down in this place (fiance and I was about $130 with one app, two entrees, shared dessert, one glass wine for her and two for me) and that to me should mean something.
Bleu cheese chips, steak frites, creamy onion soup, flounder all excellent!  Outstanding service, too.  Ask for Chris; he's the "server template" everyone should use.  Yes, as ohers have stated, parking is a bitch but we went early and didn't have much of a problem.  We'll return whenever we're again in Jax!
Delicious!  Must haves are their chips with Stilton, the homemade gnocchi & braised oxtail are to die for!  I'd skip the salads in the future...the two that I've tried haven't been spectacular.  The tuna app is also spectacular!
Bistro Aix is probably one of my favorite upscale restaurant in Jacksonville. I love everything about this place from the warm inviting atmosphere to the out of this world entrees. I have been coming here many years and Bistro Aix never fails to amaze me. I usually order the Tuna with Garlic Mashed Potatoes, mmm my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Everything I've tried on the menu is really good and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good meal at a nice place.
Best restaurant in Jacksonville hands down... Well I'd say best restaurant in North Florida for that matter!!! Great energy every time we go. We Go there any chance we get a night out from the kiddos.. My husband and i think  the service is wonderful.I really appreciate great customer service! The atmosphere is beyond beautiful... And the food is phenomenal!!! From the cauliflower soup and salads, to the mushroom and goat cheese pizza and my favorite is the shrimp tagliatelle. YUMMY!!!! Thanks Bistro Aix for all your greatness!! Keep up the great work... maybe you guys should consider a second location ;)
Recently moved here from multiple cities including Boston and NY and  by far the best restaurant in Jacksonville. Amazing ambiance, delicious food. Braised Lamb Shank and a glass of Juan Gill Monstrell on a cool fall night was exactly what my marriage needed. Thank you, Bistro Aix.
Hands down one of the top eats in Jacksonville.  Jessica did a great job taking care of us, no rush, just paced attentive service.  We had the dates/crabcake to start, very tasty.  For Dinner we did the filet and the duck stuffed pasta, again, nice job.  We had heard it was noisy, so we went at 5pm.  It was filling up as we left around 6:30 on a Fri night and not too noisy.  They've also done a nice job on the decor.  You will enjoy.
Nice ambience, and the entrees were superb (grilled tuna, scallop special). Soups were fine, but would not necessarily order again. Desserts (bread pudding, chocolate flourless cake) were very good. Wine so-so, I tried 3, chose the 3rd as the somewhat drinkable one. We may come again, but the damage.... is about 10+% higher than what we think justified for the entire experience. While we had ordered complete meals if you will, we had to wait to place orders, and then for each item. Once we had each course we felt a little rushed by the constant how's it going check-ins.
I've had quite a few experiences here. In general, the atmosephere is a hit or miss (varies between being able to have quiet intimate dinners to being very loud, very crowded, quasi bar-scene) but the food is always excellent and I think they have a very creative menu. It is definitely a great date place, but more on the pricey side. I Parking can be difficult because they have a smaller lot, so I suggest COME EARLY! And if you are early, you can avoid the drunk masses of young adults screaming and laughing. Otherwise, they have a back patio that is nice. Overall, the restaurant is very chic and happening. Get reservations and take home desserts!
Dinner at AIX this time was disappointing. I took someone who had never been to dinner at AIX, or anywhere in San Marco for that matter, for the first time. We were able to get a table right away, and the hostess was quick and pleasant. She sat us in a booth along the wall where we had plenty of room. My resident expert/date for the night commented on how much she loved the décor of AIX. Our server came over shortly and took drink orders. After telling us about the specials for the day she took off to get our drinks. Here is when things started to go south.   Let me start by saying that we both agreed that while this was a off meal at AIX, that is was still wonderful! Our drink orders came back to us shortly after ordering them. Mine came back neat despite being ordered on the rocks. No biggie I just asked for a glass of ice and everything was fine. We tried two apps for the table. I, the seared tuna on top pickled cucumber salad with fried polenta cakes and balsamic glaze; and she the seamed mussels with white wine, butter, garlic and thyme. Both came out looking magnificent. The Mussels were spot on, if not a bit too brothy. Each mussel was opened and plump. The tuna however was a bit of a disappoint. The first bite was tough and stringy others were much better as I progressed further down the fish. The salad and polenta cakes were missing a pop that I was looking for. I found hints of anise (fennel perhaps) and a spiciness (jalapeño?) in the salad that was welcome. The polenta cakes were cooked to perfection but weren't anything special.   Typically I like to stick with some of their most popular app dishes, house made chips with blue cheese, tomato soup, and duck spring rolls are all winners. I thought I would try something new, do yourself a favor and skip the new tuna dish. For the Main, we ordered a salmon split. The fish came out perfectly and once again quickly. The dish had tzatziki on top (Arabic yogurt sauce with dill and cucumber). This dish failed to impress as well. I found the tzatziki bland. I think that they might want to spend more time working on that and asking the opinion of the sizeable Arabic population in the San Marco, San Jose area. For a condiment that is going to cover your protein it needs to not distract from the rest of the dish.   Dessert came out, she a bread pudding, and espresso for myself. This was the highpoint of the meal. The outside of the bread pudding was crispy, the inside hot and soft; a culinary exercise in bread form. Please don't read this review as overly critical. AIX is still one of the best options for anyone dining in Jacksonville and I nitpick because of my previous outstanding experiences.     After my most recent meal I am taking away one star from AIX moving them from 5 to 4 stars. The service and décor is still top notch. I have no doubt that I will be back soon and have a meal that once again makes me want to come back so badly. If you get the chance eat there! Make sure to skip the dishes mentioned before. I will update you when I go back myself.
People come here to eat right?  Not just to be seen in a cool atmosphere?  because it is cool.  If your hot date doesn't want to eat, then by all means.  Otherwise, there's a pizza hut down the street which I would give 3 stars. Maybe my palette is not refined enough for the subtle flavor of this place.  I found the food to be comparable to a home cooked meal that didn't turn out so great.  My table ordered the roast chicken, the salmon, and the pork.  All seemed bland.  The cheese and chips for appetizer on the other hand, were pretty amazing and the carrot cake for dessert was yummy. I did not give this place 2 stars for value.  If it came to that, it would be one star.  I gave this place 2 stars for their food.  Even though the appetizer and dessert were delicious, I felt that this place failed miserably when it came to the main course. Lastly, though I did not factor this into my rating, the word pretentious came to mind.  How else would you describe a restaurant that is so out of place.  Did you know they don't serve sweet tea?  Like we don't live in the south or something.  Also, they refill these tiny glass bottles with water before they pour it into your glass for you.  It all seems rather redundant.  If you show up at an odd hour when the restaurant is empty, they will ask you if you have a reservation.  Overall, I suppose this isn't a bad way to kill 3 hours of your day.  because that's how long it took when the restaurant was empty.  Like I mentioned before, a great place to bring a date if you like conversation.  And if that c-note is burning a hole in your pocket.
This is the restaurant you go to in Jacksonville when you have out-of-town guests who you want to impress. It simply feels like it belongs in a bigger or more grown-up city, Bistro Aix does. All of the food is of literal five-star quality, the drinks are standard froufrou fancy cocktails, and the atmosphere is superb. In fact, the atmosphere is what really makes Aix and sets it apart from other fine dining in Jacksonville, because the look and architecture really sets Bistro Aix apart.
I have never had a bad meal at Bistro Aix. Lived two blocks from this place and I went there more times than I can count, whether for happy hour, meeting a friend for a quick pre-movie dinner, or to bring out-of-town guests for an enjoyable meal. Every time I've been here I've had a great experience, great service, and amazing food. (Try the signature onion soup, it's to die for!) When my mother came in from out of town at the last minute and we did not have a reservation, they graciously made room for us. The staff is wonderful and attentive every time. Wish I could always live this close to such a great restaurant.
First, good buzz, lighting, and atmosphere.   Fine service.   Three of our party of four started with a pomegranate kamikaze - strong, flavorful, and not too sweet.   The duck breast was on the tougher side - my biggest quibble with the meal.   The tagliatelle with shrimp combined powerful tastes with a very delicate pasta.  We ended with coffee and a shared flour-less chocolate torte and coconut ice cream.   I thought the torte was more flavorful.  But all in all, an excellent meal and a good place to with friends - lively but not loud.  I'm sure we'll all be glad when the street construction ends.
Probably my overall favorite Jacksonville restaurant. The cocktails are so good (Mango Mint Long Island Iced Tea & Mangotini are my favs) and the food is wonderful too. I love the sausage pizza and the blue cheese chips the best.
Ok, a few months ago we dined at Bistro Aix and had a, well, pretty awful time. We decided to give them a second chance and... ... we had a complete 180! What an incredible experience! The first time we dined we sat in the, what is best described as, cafe area. This time they say us in the "bar" area of the restaurant. Bar is selling it a little short. While the main bar is in that area it is still a very nice dining area that offers a casual yet elegant feel. The only thing I could say is that some of the tables had what I would call "high end patio furniture." I would not have been happy to have been sat in one of those seats. The only other thing I noticed was that the staff tended to hover near the bar when they had no one sitting in their area. In a place like Aix I can understand this. It looks like there is too much staff for the night but in actuality they are going to get very busy in a short time and had simply brought their staff in early to go over the menu, which is what all great restaurants do. But when the staff then just hangs out in a pack, it looks odd. Ok, now on to the awesomeness! I started with the Arugula salad. It was perfectly dressed. Many places that have a "creamy" dressing tend to be heavy. This one was not, it was perfect with just enough flavor throughout. The other thing, if you haven't had a fried olive, you are missing out. It is an incredible flavor that mixes that sour/bitterness of an olive with the savoriness of a deep fry. Its like a high end deep fried pickle (but much better). I love them and was so happy to see it on the menu. My wife had the green salad and believed that it was also very well dressed. It is exactly what you expect to be served in a place like this. Dressing on the salad, but the plate is clean = perfect. For the main course I had the ribeye special. The first time I came to Aix they missed the temperature of my meat by a long short. This time my steak came out at the definition of medium rare! It was perfectly charred and caramelized on the outside and warm and red in the middle. It was perfectly seasoned and came with an excellent horseradish sauce that was pretty much a crème fraich with horseradish. It was prefect. The dish was served by perfectly roasted red potatoes and romanesco (think green, lightly flavored cauliflower). It was all excellent. My wife decided to have two appetizers for dinner. She was also the only one of us who ordered something this time that she got last time. That was the butternut squash soup. This time it came with a pesto ontop. That simple addition added a depth of flavor that blew her away. Last time it came with just a crème fraich on top, which added no flavor at all. This little change made the soup go from plain to off the chart. She also had the crab cakes. To summarize, she declared that they are the best crab cakes she has ever had, anywhere. This coming from a Maryland girl who has a very high crab cake standard. What she said made them standout was that the star of the dish was the CRAB. Many places add way too much filling and then over fry. These had only a little bit of binder to hold them together and then were pan fried only to the point of adding color, flavor, and warmth. Perfect again. Everyone has their off day, and it looks like the last time we went that was theirs. This time we hit them in full stride. We are so happy that we went back a second time. It was awesome and we are sure to be back again!
I went on a business trip to Jacksonville Fl, and decided to try Bistro Aix based on the good reviews on Yelp. ATMOSPHERE: the restaurant had great ambiance.  It felt very cozy.  Unfortunately, we went on one of the coldest nights in FL, it was around 20 degrees and where we sat (near the windows facing the kitchen), it was freezing!  There was a constant draft.  There was another part of the restaurant that was nice and toasty. SERVICE: our waitress was very attentive.  She got our orders right even though mine was somewhat complicated. FOOD: this was the real disappointment.  Given the fact that it was somewhat pricey, the food just didn't cut it.  The waitress recommended the smoked tomato soup, and it was disgusting.  It tasted like I was drinking smoke.  Made me feel like a smoker.  Then I got the salad with the fire grill shrimps.  it was just okay.  Tasted like something I could have gotten from a chain restaurant.  The best thing was the crispy shrimp roll, which was pretty good, but it wasn't very special.  I eat alot of asian food, and it tasted like shrimp paste to me.  However, it was tasty.  I also got a lamb kabob thing, and it was very little and not very tasty.  The lamb tasted very gamy. Overall, the restaurant was a disappointment, and I would not recommend it based on my experience.
I just took my boyfriend to bistro aix for his birthday and I must say I was very disappointed. We started with the french onion soup and the crab cakes and the soup was good but the crab cakes were extremely plain. They really lacked flavor. Then my boyfriend ordered the pork tenderloin and I ordered the oak fish. My fish was again very plain and without flavor and my bf said his food mediocre. If you don't mind paying good money for great food please make yourself a favor and skip this place. I've eaten in many amazing places around the world and I must say this place is exttremelllyyyyyyyy over rated. Don't waste your money here!
I knew ONE person in Jacksonville when I came here, and that one person had one strong recommendation: Bistro Aix. Unfortunately, I'd already eaten dinner that night (see my list for a full slew of stuff I did in the city), and brushed my teeth. My breath was minty-fresh, so I decided to go for a mojito. It actually had too much mint, it didn't have sugar cane (not that I've ever seen one with, I've just heard that's the ideal) and I'm pretty sure it was lacking cachaca. Regardless, it was tasty.  My friend had a glass of red wine, and he seemed to enjoy it. He'd worked there for a couple months before he got his current job, and he raved about the food (and he spends hundreds a month for the best food!), so I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and assume the atmosphere matches the cuisine, which would be a good thing. Not that I ever plan on coming back to this town, but if I did, I'd come here.
I have been to Bistro Aix several times over the years.  Most of the time, it was due to company/business events.... business partners flying in etc.  Recently, finally went back to try it a couple of times just to relax with family and friends.  The atmostphere is nice and the food is decent.  I enjoyed the tomato bisque the most, everything else I've tried were OK.
Happy to live within walking distance of this Jacksonville gem. The Onyx Room is great for a drink and a slightly more intimate dinner setting, while the main dining room is buzzing with energy. Parking is a little tedious, but they've rented a few lots (one directly behind the building and one across the street at least) that accommodate their traffic. The wait staff is always friendly and not nearly as stuffy as one would originally assume. They offer smaller portions for some of their menu options, which i appreciated, and their signature cocktails are well-crafted and delicious! A little pricey, but well worth it for the occasional date night splurge.
I've been back to Bistro Aix a few times this year. The food was consistent and delicious. The service was awesome! I am enjoying the new additions to the menu, highlighting the relationship between the restaurant and local foodie farm fave Twinn Bridges.
Original food, quite tasty, overall enojoyed the place but not perfect
What a gem in Jacksonville.  Staying at the Omni (great staff, but the food leaves a lot to be desired-another review).  Lindsay from the Omni recommended Bistro Aix-please go if you find yourself in J-ville.  Michael the bartender is fabulous-young guy, but clearly knows his stuff (especially the wine list).
Great ambiance and the food is awesome.  However, it does disappoint me when I find something I really enjoy on their menu and it never makes it back tot the menu when I return.
Fab service. Decent wine selection, and outstanding mussells and shrimp entrees  The creme brûlée was decadent.  I will definitely be returning!
Was in Jacksonville on business and had dinner at the bar at Bistro Aix. Would definitely recommend to others. Had a ceasar salad to start and  shrimp tagliatelle as my main meal. I ordered the half portion of the pasta as recommended by the bartender. However, I would order the full portion if I returned as the food was so good I wanted more! Decent wine list.
I love Bistro Aix. The service is always top notch and the food is delightful. I've been vegetarian for almost 20 years and I find it very refreshing that they offer a vegetarian menu upon request. Chef Tom and his staff always keep the menu fresh and new for regulars like myself. The Onyx Lounge area is awesome on Thursdays! It's a great place to unwind after work. The DJ plays great tunes, the happy hour and ladies specials make this the spot to mingle. I hope anyone reading this enjoys Bistro Aix as much as I do.
Love Love Love this place , so one of my finds started his cooking career  hear and he has been trying to get me in hear for years and man am I glad I went. The chef   Tom sent out some  calamari that was top notch and the sausage Pizza  that  came out of the brick oven was to die for , so so good , I would make sure that if you get the duck that it is cooked on the rare side but this is a must eat in Jacksonville .
Superb dinner. began with Creamy French Onion Soup our signature version of this well-loved classic. One of the Best around. On to the Crispy Duck Spring Roll ~ with pineapple "ketchup" and Crispy Shrimp Spring Roll ~ with chive puree. This is a new addition to the menu and it is first-rate. Split the Risotto "Paella Style" featuring Blue Hill Bay mussels & Twinn Bridges vegetables. Aix always has excellent Risotto. I like the fact that Chef Tom Gray uses as many small local farms and producers. Consistent excellent food, fantastic atmosphere, and outstanding service makes it a Great place for entertaining.
I've been several times and the thing to do is to grab a drink at the white bar.   If you decide to dine, be aware that the front section of the restaurant can get quite noisy during prime dinner times.  So much so that you can't hear your dining companions.  I can tolerate this when I'm not going to be spending so much for a meal.  The food has been overall good but the service is nothing to write home about, and the atmosphere is geared to a loud night out not an upscale dinner.  Overall, I never think I get my "money's worth" when I have dinner here.
There aren't a lot of trendy restaurants in Jacksonville, but most of them are all pretty close together in north San Marco, Avondale, and Downtown.  Bistro Aix is one of them.  I've been a number of times.  The food is great and somewhat artistic.  As with any such restaurant, the wallet is a necessity, though Aix is cheaper than others.  Without drinks, two can get out for well under $100 after tip.  The wine list is extensive, so it's most likely going to be more if you venture in that direction.  It's a pinch noisier than I would like in a restaurant where I'm dropping a Benjamin, but the food and service offset any negatives by leaps and bounds.  If you haven't been, go.
An extremely palate-friendly spot, I recently ate lunch with some friends that picked this spot for us. There's something for everyone in their lunch menu and you don't feel like you're having to avoid ticking food bombs all over the menu, which can be one of the most annoying parts to eating out (menu of 20 entrees has about 3 that sound good). Creamy onion soup- certainly not the classic version but since onion soup is one of ways I determine a restaurant's worth, I tried a cup. Delicious! Better than the French onion soup at Bouchon (very high-end restaurant with marginal onion soup). Great flavor, a little fresh thyme but subtle enough. Great broth, not too much cheese and bread. The broth is the star and as it should have been. Flat bread pizza was good. Mushroom and fontina sounded great to me. Asked them to add some sausage and they happily did (or at least acted like I wasn't being a pain). Maybe the soup filled me up because while the pizza was good, I wasn't killing to eat another piece. I added some red pepper flakes to give it some kick which helped but think I was just too stuffed to really enjoy the pizza. Did try a bite of the Lamb Dip- their take on the French Dip. Server suggested it, saying it was a popular item. Think that might be because he kept suggesting it or that it's just had an off day because it was pretty bland and uninteresting. Big bread slabs and very little meat. As one of my biggest food peeves, I cannot stand salads and sandwiches with unequal proportion of ingredients. The bread took over the sandwich and their Au Jus was on the bland side. I'm closing- inviting atmosphere, solid enough food for all palates- nothing too over the top to wow you but would try it again, at least for the creamy onion soup.
Shortly after my first post concerning Bistro AIX, the marketing manager contacted me in an attempt to remedy my bad experience.  Ms. Johnson sent me a large amount of gift certificates so I could re-create our group evening.  We did in fact re-create that evening and thoroughly enjoyed our evening!  The service was fantastic and we didn't have to ask for bread!!! My entire party had a great time and I am sure we will enjoy this establishment sometime in the future.
I used to live right around the corner from Bistro Aix. I've dined there literally dozens of times. I recommend the escargots, which comes in a creamy sauce and pastry puff, as well as the mussels with extra saffron aioli. I haven't been able to eat here in at least two years, but I still have very fond memories. Open up a New York City outpost, please!
Good food and service, eclectic but classy atmosphere.
Is the best!!!!!!!!!  Atmosphere, attention and service are unbelivable !!!!!!  Food WOW   Ask for Chris, he knows how take care of clients!!!!!!!!!!!!
My wife and I really enjoyed the restaurant.  We arrived early as we usually do to enjoy happy hour.  We started off seating at the bar and were greeted by many different bartenders that were kind of running back and forth between the bar and the kitchen which made it a little confusing for us to figure out who to talk to but it worked itself out as it got a little busier at the bar and the dust settled.  The bartender we ended up with was very helpful and even let us try some wine we never had heard of.  The one we settled on was called a conundrum which was a very excellent white wine that was crisp and creamy.  We enjoyed a few of these and then were promptly seated at 6.  Our waiter was very nice and seemed knowledgeable of the menu.  We started off with the Escargot and a cheese plate.  Both were terrific!  For my main course I ordered the scottish salmon and lentil succotash.  The salmon was cooked perfectly and tasted great!  My wife ordered the Seared Tuna that looked amazing as we saw one of the waiter walk by with one to another table.  Sadly to say our tuna arrived over cooked.  We asked the waiter to take it back and he offered to redo it but we just asked to move on to dessert.  I enjoyed a delicious cream brulee my favorite!  It was very nice.  My wife had the chocolate cake which was very good as well.  Overall the service was very good, the prices are fair, and the food was very good as well.  Other than the one snafu on the tuna we will be back to enjoy another dining experience with Bistro Aix.
I sat next to the kitchen at the bar and chatted with chef Tom Gray during my dinner. Everything was presented well and cooked perfectly. I would like to go back and try one of their very-thin-crust wood-fired pizzas.
Bistro Aix has long been my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville (and possibly anywhere), but I didn't know they did catering until I was researching caterers for my wedding. We happily engaged them, knowing that the food would be creatively and deliciously prepared. Our guests were delighted, as were we - I honestly have never had such a fabulous meal at any event. Ever. Even my least gushy guests gushed over the food. The surprise came when I learned later about a number of challenges that the Aix staff faced due to limitations at the wedding venue (a friend's beach house) and other factors beyond their control. These included a downpour just before the meal was served (outdoors), a screw up on the part of the rental company, a tiny work area, and several others. Natalia, their catering manager, simply made everything happen that needed to happen, including directing the florist and other vendors when I was busy getting ready. Several of my friends who were helping out behind the scenes told me later how she saved the day, calmly and with a smile. She made everything come off so smoothly that I didn't know there had been any problems! In case you're thinking that we paid through the nose for their superb food and service, we didn't. They were actually the most reasonably priced caterer we found! As in their restaurant, they provided five star food and service at amazingly affordable prices. Whether you're looking for a great meal in a gorgeous restaurant setting, or a reasonably priced caterer who will knock your socks off, you'll find it at Bistro Aix.
We had the steak frites with green beans and fries as well as a bacon and brie pizza  that had arougula and apples. Both meals were fantastic, the bacon on the pizza was crisp and flavorful and was complimented perfectly by the other toppings. I was also impressed with the cost. Most entrees come in a cheaper light appitite version which is plenty of food and makes the dining experience come out more reasonable. I would highly reccomend Bistro Aix for a nice night out in Jax.
If your in Jacksonville and would like great food and great atmosphere, Bistro Aix is the place to go.....in historic San Marco
I've never written a review before but I felt compelled to do so after visiting bistro aix. My coworker and I decided to treat ourselves to a night out, neither of us have been to bistro aix before but have heard great things. With such high expectations, I was sure I was going to be letdown.  I'm glad I was wrong. We sat at the bar,  The bartender, I believe his name was Chris, was very knowledgeable about the wine selection and was happy to let us taste a few before we made  our choices. He was quite the cutie pie as well ;) we ordered the escargot and the chips topped with blue cheese for an appetizer, both were excellent choices. I asked Chris the bartender to choose an entrée for me and make it a surprise, he chose well! I ate what might have been the most delicious tuna  dish I've ever had. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and served with creamy whipped potatoes and some kind of lemon butter sauce. Food was excellent, service was perfect. Some bartenders tend to be rude, the bartender at bistro X though was welcoming and made us feel like we were the only ones there despite him being very busy. I definitely recommend this restaurant to others, and I can't wait to go back..
Bistro Aix is by far one of the best dining experiences you will have in Jacksonville.  I have eaten there for years and have never had a "bad" experience.  In fact, it keeps getting better.  They recently updated their menu with lots of wonderful additions.  They added a Lobster Roll to the choices which is absolutely amazing.  It is tossed in a very light but flavorful house made aioli.  Their house made blue cheese chips and mussle frites are delicious as well.   I highly recommend this restaurant - you will not be disappointed.
Bistro Aix continues to be my favorite restaurant in Jacksonville. Besides having the most beautifully decorated dining room, patio, and bar, the food and service is consistently the best in town. And I love their new menu!   The St. Andre Cheese Plate is amazing! The combination of their homemade cherry jam and St Andre cheese is so delicious, I crave it! I didn't think I'd ever love any other French Fries better than the old ones with herbs but the new Parmesan Truffle Fries are now my all-time favorite! The Chopped Salad is my favorite new salad...there are LOTS of fresh veggies and bacon, and the dressing compliments it perfectly.  I usually get it with the addition of grilled shrimp for a lunch entree.   The Gnocchi with Oxtail Ragout is one of the best entrees I've ever tasted...the house-made gnocchi is tender and light, and the oxtail is rich with deep flavors. I've ordered the light portion which doesn't seem to be enough for a meal but the regular size is plenty. The new Fish Aixoise is also amazing! I think they cook it in their wood-fired oven and it's served with artichokes, tomatoes, and Nicoise olives with a side of feta cheese cous-cous. Fresh, delicious, and healthy! I've tried the new Bananas Foster and its REALLY good! although I think the Belgium Chocolate Cake is still my favorite. It's nice that the road construction on San Marco Blvd is over (finally!) so there's no problem getting there. They're right off 95 South and they have 2 big lots and street parking so parking is no problem. I've heard that the owners are renovating the Onyx Room into a venue with live music...can't wait for that!!  although I can't imagine it being any more beautiful than it is now. I hope they don't take the glowing onyx bar away because its one of the coolest bars I've seen anywhere!!
Stellar wine list at very reasonable prices, good menu selection for both appetizers and entrees.  Service maybe slower than most comparable places but just come prepared.  Well worth it
We actually returned here about a month ago to give the place a second chance; I just couldn't be bothered to write a review until now. In any case, I'm giving Bistro back a star, for three reasons. Firstly, I enjoyed my meal more this time than I did last time. Don't get me wrong. On both occasions, the food was good. Most recently, though, I ordered the Steak Frites, which is apparently a "fast food" kind of meal in France, consisting of onglet steak and some awesome French fries. I loved this stuff. Secondly, the quality of the service definitely improved. The waiter was actually attentive and polite. Thirdly, we essentially ate for free, thanks to a dining certificate we received in order to make up for our initially disappointing experience. And nothing tastes better than free food. There is still some room for improvement; the service can become more refined, and surely there must be some way to control the excessive noise in the dining area. Overall, though, Bistro Aix is a great restaurant. Try it out.
My husband and I dined there last  weekend for our anniversary. The staff left us a hand written note wishing us a happy anniversary which was a very thoughtful touch.We started with a couple of glasses of chateau baby ( a french red)which were delicious. Our appetizer was the calamari which was done well. Sometimes in other restaurants it is rubbery, that was not the case at all. We both had salads that were yummy. I ordered a wood fire salmon with a sweet potato purée and Brussel sprouts and my husband ordered the venison. Both dishes were scrumptious. To finish we tried the blondie brownie with a warm, caramel, rum sauce that was to die for. The service was superb and our wait was very engaging. What a great experience. One of my favorites!
Excellent food, good service, great atmosphere!
We had an amazing dinner.  The service was exceptional, surpassed only by the quality of the food and the perfect wine paring.  I love the slow food movement and the sustainability of the restaurant.
Interesting food with great varitey of flavors.  Food was very slow out of the kitchen.
Starting with the ambiance of the restaurant. The decor is outstanding. It is all unique and appears to be straight France. They also use paper to cover the tables, so if you happen to bring the kids along they will have something to do all dinner long. For adults they have an extensive wine list that you should easily be able to find a favorite from. They have just received a new chef, and so the menu has been remodeled slightly. I like the change up and many of the recipes have been improved. This time I ordered the Filet Mignon. I took my first bite, and my first thought was that I would like to eat this every night of my life! It was cooked exactly how I ordered and tasted extraordinary. It was easily the best tasting steak I have ever eaten. It came with a delicious side of scalloped potatoes and the steak was placed on lightly cooked green beans. I finished my main course, which easily filled my stomach, but couldn't resist a desert. I browsed over the options and ordered the Creme Brûlée. It came with a pile of fresh berries on top. It was an elegant pure vanilla flavor. I dream about eating it now. Overall it was a great experience and I will return as much as I can. I would recommend it to everyone.
I could not agree with Jay L.'s review any more (look down). I went last week and was excited about the atmosphere. The wooden torture chairs were; however, horrible to sit in for any length of time. Last time I had the blue cheese chips. They were good but not enough blue cheese. I ordered the cheese plate as my entree and then decided to order the mussels instead and when they came out it literally tasted like pee. Unhappy and worried that I may have eaten pee, I ate my mom's smoked salmon pizza. I loved it and loved the apple cobbler later in the evening. So I thought that I had finally found an okay spot in Jacksonville and felt that I was being paranoid about the pee flavor in my mussells. Tonight, I had a completely different experience. The service was terrible and the blue cheese chips had one dallop of cheese on the entire platter. I ordered the califlower soup and it came out tasteless with peanuts floating on top (Why in the world would they do that) . To be honest, I sent it back and they exchanged it with a wonderful french onion soup. My smoked salmon pizza came out and it was terrible. Fishy and salty and I wanted to take a shower after eating a couple of bites. My mom got the fish and her's was fishy as well. The apple cobler was terriffic but I am officially butt hurt about this place and may only go back for dessert. Also, for a meal that consisted of only two good courses, carried the price tag of  94 dollars for two people. Boo
waitstaff is very friendly..the blue chips app is only thing to brag about! seems like a great place to go after work and get a drink and app. dinner didnt impress us by all means!
