Very cool cigar bar.  Good drink selection (including hard stuff). A well stocked & maintained humidor. Free wi-fi. The only downside is that it's DARK inside, which gets even worse when it's cloudy outside.
Very cool place. Great for hanging out and having a drink. Good happy Hour and they have pretty good appetizers. Usually have live music at night.
I've been a cigar aficionado for 15 years and this spot has one of the finest humidors I've seen and definitely the numero uno in Jacksonville. Don't let the "Cigar" name in the title dissuade you. The ventilation is great and they have two large seating areas - one with smaller tables and chairs and the Tiki Bar side with big couches and chairs. They have a wide and very affordable selection of wines by the glass. The service is always superb and the decor and environment are meant to be be relaxed and Island-like. The servers are all lovely and as friendly as you'll find. It is locally owned by a couple (not a corporation - which I dig) who take great pride in making sure their guests are well taken care of. The only detractor is that though I love a port with my cigar - I missed not having a single malt scotch. Say no more - they are going to have a full bar coming in April! LOVE this place!
Great Service! Unreal selection of Cigars too!
Amazing cigar selection but lacking in the wine selection - specifically by the glass. A place this cool should offer a more boutique selection (in my opinion) and save the grocery store wines for just that...the grocery store. But the bartender was friendly and knowledgeable when it came to the cigars and it's clear that's what this place's focus is on.
This is a wonderful bar very relaxed and quit atmosphere. Great place to relax after a long day at work
I was in town from Chicago this past weekend, and am very jealous that I dont have a cigar joint like this near me. Luckily, I just found out that I'm being relocated down to Jacksonville for work! I will be back.... very frequently! ~ Customer service was great. ~ Knowledgeable and very friendly staff. ~ Great selection. ~ Fair prices. ~ Outstanding atmosphere. ~ Very neat and clean. ~ Great selection of whiskies / bourbons.
This place is great....  If you like cigars.  I do.  Great atmosphere and very comfortable.  Tons of TVs.  Couches and chairs are amazing.  This is a good place to hang out and watch a game.
Very laid-back, non-pretentios place.  There are a half-dozen or so TVs so you can watch whatever (if you choose), but they're not distracting if you choose to converse with your companions. Very good selection in the humidor, waitstaff are friendly and attentive.  Seating is comfortable.  It has never felt crowded when I've visited, yet they're not lacking for customers, either. They're not in my neighborhood, but when I'm in the area and feel like relaxing -- count me in!.
I had never been to a cigar bar prior to walking into Island Girl. I am not a cigar connoisseur, but they seemed to have a wide selection of cigars. Their drink menu is very extensive, but affordable, as well. There were quite a lot of people inside, but it never seemed crowded. Seating is comfortable, as is the atmosphere. For a smokers' bar, the ventilation is excellent, but I did feel that lighting was a bit too dim. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. I had never smoked a cigar before and the staff took the time to find me one that I would enjoy. Excellent place to relax and socialize.
I've not been to too many joints like this, but from what I've seen, Island Girl is about as good as it gets. Their humidor always has an excellent selection and a wide range from some higher-end smokes to those that are great for those low on funds (but not down to the gas station Swisher Sweet stuff). I've enjoyed many an relaxing evening sharing laughs with friends and building relationships with important men in my life there, and it is a great place to do so. The wait staff has always been superb and makes even a cheap guy want to leave a generous tip. Some of the events that they've had there in the past have missed the mark in drawing in decent clientele, but you can tell that the owner's are sure to draw in the right kind of crowd. No need to worry there about a raucous crowd ruining a good evening chatting with good friends over a mellow CAO.
