What an amazing place!   I went to BREW for the first time last night after dinner at Corner Taco and it was AMAZING!!  It's a coffee shop, bar, place to get delicious toast and some of the coolest craft sodas around!   We went in at around 10:00pm and the place was pretty full, but not loud, obnoxious, or full crazy drunks.  I opted to get my toast and soda to-go, so I went up to the order window(also inside)and ordered a GF, 100% natural, non-alcoholic Flying Cauldron butterscotch beer and a slice of Community Loaves rosemary garlic toast, with kimchi jam and fresh arugula on top.   Lemme tell you, the toast was amazing and worth every cent!  It made my taste buds go wild in a spectacular way!  The butterscotch beer went perfectly with it and reminded me of the Butter Beer in the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universals Islands of Adventure, but to drink this "witchy brew" I didn't/don't have to worry about paying to get into a theme park every time I want one;). I love the fact that I, or anyone else that doesn't drink beer can come to BREW at night with friends who want to have a few beers, hang out and chat bc they have an extensive list of non-alcoholic drinks as well:-). I can't wait to come back to BREW and try there other offerings.
Located in the heart of 5 Points, this small shop is a cross between cozy and industrial cool - with a buildout that includes concrete countertops, wood accents and dangling Edison bulbs. It's a sleek hangout that somehow always has the perfect size crowd inside; never too crowded to flag down a bartender and never completely empty. I've stopped by BREW twice now - once before catching a movie at Sun-Ray Cinema next door, and once after grabbing dinner at Hawker's across the street -  and I'll definitely be making more visits so I can finally try their "artisan" toast from Community Loaves. I'm not a coffee expert by any means, but I think the coffee tastes great (I've had the regular espresso and the chai latte). The beer selection is growing, with a craft beer stocked fridge and a couple of drafts available. The menu may be on the smaller side, but you can tell that the owners have carefully and lovingly selected everything that makes the list. I'm interested to see how/if the menu evolves going forward, as I think a smaller spot like this could really experiment with some unique menu items that would make it a destination. Unexpected and upgraded bar snacks, maybe an expansive dessert case a la biscottis? It's a solid pre- or post-date spot, hangout with friends, business meeting place, but I would definitely give it 5 stars once it carves out its own identity just a little bit more. Check the schedule to see when they are hosting community fundraisers, local live music acts or other fun events.
4th time here, if you count 2x at One Spark. 3x have been amazing.  Tonight is disappointing. Completely out of desserts. Also, if I order a drink from your menu and you don't like to make that drink, do it anyway and do it nicely. Don't bitch about it loudly while making it. It's your effing job. If you don't want to make it, don't put it on your menu. Asking for soy or almond milk instead of regular milk is not at all uncommon. Every coffee shop ever (except DD) does it easily every day. I didn't ask you to split an effing atom. PS: the drink turned out fine, so it could not have been that hard to make. HOWEVER, all the other times I have been here, the service and quality have been stellar. Maybe just an off night. I will return.
Well before we knew about the Yelp event here at Brew our book club planned to meet here. After the Yelp event I was even more excited about coming back. There is so much hype around Brew, I really wasn't sure they could hold up to it but I was wrong. At the Yelp event we got to try the beer cocktails and toasts but I was looking forward to their cold brew. I was the first in our group to show up at about 10am on a Saturday morning. I was the only person there and during the hour or so we were there, a few people came in and got stuff to go but we were really the only ones there. It was the perfect spot for our little group. I went with the cold brew with soy milk and the toast with goat cheese, kimchi, and arugula. I loved that they served the cold brew (and other drinks, too) in heavy beer glasses. I wasn't sure my drink would stay cold (I'm a slow drinker) but whatever they're doing works. The toast was great, honestly I could have just eaten the bread on it's own and been fine but yum! Brew is a great addition to 5 Points. I was really impressed with the versatility of the things they serve (beer, beer cocktails, sodas, coffee, toast).
I like BREW. It's unabashedly hipster. From the expansive menu of trendy sodas to the skinny guy in thick glasses crafting beer cocktails to the Edison bulbs dangling from the exposed ceiling, this place bleeds trendiness. They did a beautiful job designing this space. If you haven't heard, the menu is broken down into four respective categories: craft beer, craft sodas, coffee and toast. The scope of the menu is very limited, but it seems like a lot of effort is taken to ensure that the very highest quality ingredients are used in every category. So let's talk about it. The beer menu is respectable. I'm sure they are still building it out, but currently they have 4 taps and a big cooler full of local, regional and national craft beer brands. Two of the four drafts are from Florida as of 8/14. I'd say about 90% of the beer is canned, which is a cool trend. Canning allows less exposure to light and air than bottles, which means the beer you are drinking tastes just the way the brewer intended rather than being tweaked from exposure. The remaining beers are bombers of some harder to find craft beer. This toast is the real deal. BREW sources it's bread from Community Loaves, and has worked with Dig Foods to source the toppings. They have three varieties right now. I had the Rye with currant jelly. I love rye, and the rye bread from Community Loaves is fragrant with cracked rye but not overpowering. The currant jam tasted very bright and citrusy, with fairly large slices of currant berries which add a nice texture element. I'm looking forward to trying the others. I didn't have a chance to try any of the coffee in a traditional sense. I know they work with Bold Bean, as well as roasters from around the country to source their espresso. I did have one of the beer cocktails - the hipster speedball. It's a 4oz pour of chilled coffee with the remaining 12oz of whatever stout they have on draft. They had oil slick this time, which is a coffee stout. I was expecting the combination to be a little sweeter, but the stout they have is more on the dry side with a sharp dark chocolate bite. Definitely bitter, but not bad at all with a the rye toast. Overall I really enjoy this new spot. I'd give them 5 stars when they flesh out the draft list and food menu a little more. I think the scope is still too small. The people they hired to run the store are friendly and very knowledgeable. The amount of care BREW put into creating the space and hand selecting everything on the menu tells me a lot about the management. Hat's off to the entire crew, because that type of dedication should keep this place thriving for a long time to come.
I went to BREW for the first time on Saturday night.  The place was packed with very limited seating but the service was pleasant nonetheless.  The space is clean and simple.  I decided on having the Brewmosa as my first drink which was some type of beer mixed with orange juice.  The taste was similar to a Blue Moon, but it was still tasty.  Of course before I left I felt the need to have a coffee as well to get the most of my experience there.  At first I was a little disappointed that there weren't any fancy flavors to add to the coffee but found in the end it didn't matter.  I ordered a latte and it was flawless.  The brew was bold and flavorful and just what I needed/ wanted at the end of a long night.  I'll definitely be back.
This team has BREWed up a great place to hang out & expand your beer drinking palate. Made my way across the ditch (two, in fact) to meet some friends to try out some beer cocktails. Justin is 'DA MAN when it comes to teaching you about beer. He really knows his stuff and he can explain the reasons behind the ingredients in their cocktails work so well. The toast. It's stirred up a lot of interesting feelings in the Jax Community. What can be so special about toast? I have to admit, I was among the skeptics. That was until I had my first bite. The wheat toast with chocolate & cashew spread was delicious. It's a healthy piece of toast both in size and ingredients. While part of me envisions something a little sweeter when I see the word chocolate, it was really good and definitely filled me up. I balked at the opportunity to try the rosemary garlic toast with kmichi jam & goat cheese as I am not a fan of kimchi. However, I must admit, my internal barometer is a little discombobulated now. I have tried the rosemary garlic toast in all it's glory and I am a fan. It was delicious and I could easily put a piece of that toast down my gullet at any time.  While I wouldn't make a special trip from the beaches for it, I would happily meet a friend and definitely stop by when I'm in the area.
BREW is a fun place for a ... wait for it ... brew. Whether it's coffee or beer that you fancy, brew has it, and it's located in a hip venue. What more do you want? OK, maybe food. They do have a selection of "artisan toasts," but I won't comment on that because I didn't have any. I've been here a couple times and never seems very busy. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, the beer is cold (can't speak to the quality of the coffee) and the atmosphere rocks. If you're looking for somewhere different to grab a cold one or maybe somewhere to grab your cup in the morning, I recommend this joint.
There's coffee. And beer. And bread. And some awesome unique sodas. In other words, all of my favorite things. Cool, sleek, clean... a part industrial, a part rustic... with fantastic pops of color. There is a long bar and community tables for catching up with friends, or grabbing a caffeine fix after your selected dinner destination in Five Points. After scouting a few pics of the menu on Yelp, I wanted to try a few things: The  artisanal toast, a cold brew and the Bruce Cost Jasmine Team Ginger ale. The cold brew was perfect for this sweltering day. Bold yet smooth, it disappeared before I even knew what was happening. The ginger ale had nice hints of jasmine with a spicy ginger kick and finish. I had no idea ginger ale could be so good. Now, to the highly talked about toast. My mom made homemade bread all of the time for us growing up. While my 6 year old self screamed for white bread... I look back now, with a grown up palate (stole that line from you Daisy D) and am so extremely grateful to have been raised with such fantastic farm to table goodness. Imagine thick slices, made with love and filled with flavor... layered with gourmet and fresh ingredients. Few things can beat a freshly baked slice of bread, so when it's Community Loaves Garlic Rosemary, slathered in Kimchi jam (spicy with a hint of sweet), with goat cheese to mellow it out and peppery arugula on top, it is simple, sweet perfection. I did find myself surprised of how the one piece filled me up. Like Mandie M said in our Talk thread the definition of artisan is one that produces something in limited quantities often using traditional methods. Even better when it's done by local folks. But hey, the best thing to do? Check it out for yourselves. I added the hours to the Yelp Listing, but since they are still a bit new, they are a bit in flux, so if you are making a trip across town, not a bad idea to call ahead.
Exceptional toast. Great atmosphere. Good coffee. Brew is a clever name that reflects the versatility of the establishment. Serving as coffee shop during the day and a craft beer bar in the evenings, Brew is a refreshing addition to Jacksonville. The atmosphere is discerningly simple and seamlessly accommodates for both sipping a coffee and sharing a beer. And can we talk about the toast? That. Effin. Toast. You just have to get the toast. They're all good, but if you go with a bed of arugula, goat cheese and kimchi jam, your mouth will dance with delight.
3.5 Stars I admit, when I first heard Five Points/Riverside was getting yet *another* bar I rolled my eyes because that's what Riverside needs----another bar. However, I was intrigued when I heard everyone raving about their "Artisan Toast." It's true---it's very good! The Rosemary Garlic Sourdough was warm and the perfect amount of chewiness. My last encounter with the bakers "Community Loaves" included a baguette that was hard as a BRICK. But, after having this lovely and earthy toast I am VERY inclined to give Community Loaves in Murray Hill another chance! The Toast was covered with goat cheese, kimchi jam, and arugula. All in all a savory and sweet combination! My sister could NOT stop raving about how good the toast was! I ordered a Cappuccino and it was alright. It wasn't so strong that I needed to add some sugar but at the same time I didn't do my "Cappuccino Swoon." It was a good Cappuccino but In the future I'll probably just stick with Bold Bean. They used to have a deal where you could get a piece of Artisan Toast *and* a Cappuccino for $5. That is no longer the case. The Cappuccino was $3 and the Toast was $3.75 I believe. What sets BREW apart from other bars is their Artisan Toast and their Beer Cocktails. I haven't tried it myself but I've heard good things from Jessica F. Would I go back? I doubt it unless I was really craving that Toast. Maybe in other parts of Jacksonville BREW would stand apart as being an innovative establishment, but in Riverside there's just too much competition in similar fields.
Beautiful build out and amazing ambiance. As of right now, they've only been open a few weeks but they have already brought in a few different featured espresso blends from around the country. If you're looking to explore new blends from a staff who knows their coffee, definitely come here. Every coffee drink I've had so far at my few visits has been great. Canned beer selection is huge, and they have a cooler full of craft sodas. They even have a soda I haven't seen since my childhood in New England. I've honestly never seen it outside of the north east. Bravo BREW!
BREW is the perfect place to go when you just want to chill. During the day, it's a walk up espresso/coffee bar just like in Italy, but serving Bold Bean roast. Order your cuppa and hit the road to work. If you're not in a hurry, stay for a bit and enjoy the relaxing atmosphere and witty conversation, either from a fellow customer or the staff. However, once the evening rolls around, the bar is your oyster. There's a fantastic selection of craft sodas, canned beer, and some yummy beer cocktails to choose from. Make sure to get some toast to go with your drink, too, in the morning or evening. Community Loaves and Dig Foods partnered with BREW for the unique toast and jam/spread mix. If you like a little kick in your jam, try the kimchi based one. They are all tasty, though, so make sure to try them all. It's a must have. If there are still spots available, you should become a member of the BREW CREW to enjoy exclusive events and fun. Last Thursday and Friday were the soft/private opening nights that were just for BREW CREW members, and I know the team has more awesomeness in store for the future.
Heard they caved and got wifi maybe they'll cave and get syrups for their coffees? Anyways!! Looooove the new place, the build out is gorgeous and well done. So happy Brew decided to go into Five Points. They'll always serve Bold Bean espresso but their other coffees will rotate out with roasters from other states. They have a long list if specialty sodas. Other reviews have already mentioned the toast they serve. Partnering with Community Loaves and Dig Foods. My favorite is the goat cheese, arugula, kimchi on rosemary garlic toast. It's pretty toasty, I mean tasty. Knocked a star for no syrups and for saying they don't plan on adding syrups to the menu because the coffee is good on it's own. It is but I like a tad flavor of vanilla. Sorry. Still obsessed with the place and will frequent often.
Finally made it to BREW for the first time today. I'd heard the concept for the business well before it opened, and I was excited for the welcome addition in 5 Points. They did not disappoint! I went straight there for a post-work snack. The interior was lovely, very spacious. After some serious pondering, I decided to give the Community Loaves rosemary garlic toast a shot, along with a Mr. Q Cumber soda. Both were quite delicious, & the prices reasonable. Justin was behind the bar. He was very friendly, & helpful in making recommendations. I look forward to returning to try something else fun on their eclectic menu!
Fantastic new hipster spot in 5 Points. Great space. Currently they're doing Bold Bean Coffee Roasters espresso drinks (iced and hot) and gourmet toast (SO HIPSTER!) in the mornings and then soon they'll offer craft beers and gourmet popcorn. The toast utilizes local Community Loaves bread and Dig Foods jam. Good stuff. Quite filling too.
After visiting this place I'm a little jealous jacksonville has this and not my hometown! Their open space is absolutely perfect - minimalistic, cozy, and intimate. Not to mention, I love their branding. As for the drink selection, it was very unique with many selections of sodas, a few special drinks for the night, and coffee. I has the iced latte and my boyfriend got aardwolf. It was a nice chill time. A great place for any dates, meet ups or if you just want to sit and relax.
A very cool place. Stopped in on a Saturday morning for some drinks with my girlfriend, we got a brewmosa and a Shandy. Both were very good and refreshing. Atmosphere is nice and simple, and the service was great. A very welcoming addition to 5 Points. Next time I'm there I will try some of their toast since it sounds great!
Delicious toast and expertly made coffee! I originally gave it 3 stars because I was thereon a Friday afternoon and the staff was not the friendliest. The second time I went in I felt much more welcome and the toast was again delicious! Thanks!
I really enjoyed the iced coffee. The atmosphere was cool but I don't know that I'd say it was cozy.  It seems like it is better for a 20 minute discussion with friends vs. a two hour study session or something like that. My biggest recommendation is that they offer some kind of stevia sweetener for coffee.
I think that 3.5 Stars is actually more accurate, but I will fall on the side of 3 for the purposes of this review. I went to BREW for their grand opening shindig, which was pretty cool. They actually did the ribbon-cutting thing which was kind of neat. I had a macchiato and a beer cocktail. The macchiato was properly made and served with seltzer water. It wasn't the best one I've ever had, but it was still good. The beer cocktail I had was the "Moscow Bul" which was only offered in pitchers. It was tasty, but I really didn't like that it only came in pitchers. Since it was still pretty cheap (and only contained one beer for the whole pitcher) I went with it, but I wasn't happy about 1/2 way through it. It is pretty dark in the bar area but the small front area is nice and open. There's a good sized bar with plenty of seating, and a few long tables that encourage communal seating. The staff was polite enough when I was there, but the stress of opening day caused a few service hiccups that I am choosing to overlook. All in all, BREW is not a bad place to hang out when in Five Points. I can see its appeal with younger clientele especially, since they have all sorts of fun non-alcoholic options available. But it's not my favorite place to hang out, and there are closer (and better) places for me to get my coffee and beer fix in the area.
Exciting edition to five points. Beer, beer cocktails, coffee and gourmet toast. Craft beer, expresso and coffee. Imaginative and refreshing beer cocktails will be served by the pitcher. Sampled gourmet toast, was floored by the community loaves bread with goat cheese, Kim chi jelly and arugula. Happy to part of the brew crew awaiting my gold koozie.
Came for coffee drip brew but they only have americano and cappacino.  Americano was not my cup of joe but the place has sweet ambiance and looks like a nice place to drink beer.
Perfect place to meet friends from the neighborhood. Soft opening now lots more to come in the coming weeks.  Cold brewed coffee is great.
This place is sweet. Who ever did the build out did a fabulous job. It is a place that just makes you want to visit with friends and hang out and drink a few (sodas for me) brews of beer or coffee. Then you can snack on really yummy toasts. Today I went for the Hot Lips (if you remember Mash) raspberry soda and the rosemary garlic toast. The toast is super fresh baked right on the other side of riverside at Community Loaves. The bread was crispy on the outside and dense and fluffy at the same time. I love and use their bread a lot. Then it's topped with a delicious kimchi jam from dig foods master himself. This is all topped of with some of my new found favorite arugula. The peppery of the arugula against the sweetness of the jam and then you get a smack in the back of your head of heat from the kimchi. Together this is a handful of bite of pure goodness. Then I washed it down with a fruity raspberry soda. In all a good start to what I think could be a fine relationship.
My group couldn't decide on where to eat in Five Points, so we decided to head to  Brew to grab a drink before dinner and decide where to dine. The front of Brew was a little sterile, but it is very convenient for ordering drinks. It was super crowded when we arrived and I was worried we would have to stand in the front by the window. Luckily, a group left one of the three communal tables, and we secured much needed seats, I had already been standing for a couple of hours at a rooftop party.  Since I was the DD for the night, I was excited to see the selection of sodas. I had an orange mango soda that was the really refreshing. I also ordered the toast with dark chocolate and sunflower spread. I thought this would be a good snack before a real meal. The spread was good, but the bread was not really to my liking. It reminded me of dark bread I had in Belgium that I knew was supposed to be healthy. I've had pretzels from the bakery that supplies Brew's bread and at least this bread was ten thousand times better than those pretzels. Next time, I will try the toast with goat cheese, maybe this will be more to my liking.  I also really loved the Shaun Thurston art collaborations with artists from the past. I think Brew is a great place to meet someone since it has lots of non-alcoholic options and a really relaxed atmosphere.
I'll write a review! Though I don't always consider myself a foodie I do consider myself a coffee snob. Not sure if it's the north westerner in me or just a slight obsession, but I love coffee and everything that comes with it. Brew is serving cold brew and espresso drinks, with no flavored syrups. They also will be cycling out espresso from around America which I am looking forward too! Not that I don't love bold bean, I just am looking forward to being able to try other roasters. The location is spot on, and though I worried about parking being an issue in the morning there is always a spot available. The overall design is clean and inviting and once they have beers available I will be frequenting here even more in the evening. And before I forget dat toast! Mmmmm. I tried all three and the goat cheese one is by far my favorite. I don't even really like goat cheese, but the combo on this one is pretty off the chain. Overall brew gets 5 stars!
I hung out at Brew last night and really enjoyed it.  It was casual, with bar seating and table seating.  I liked how simple and natural it was in design with neutrally painted walls, wood accents, concrete/stone counters, metal seating (including fun, bright blue bar stools), and wall art.  The space was brightly lit and not too loud in acoustics, so it was easy to maintain conversation.  The bathrooms were clean, which is a nice plus.  I really appreciate that they offer unique beer, coffee, soda, and food options.  I'm more of a coffee and soda drinker myself, so it's nice to find a bar in town that has something I can enjoy, as well.  Also, the service was awesome; they were very nice and enthusiastically shared drink suggestions.
