Just a reminder - I am not a club hopper. MY idea of a night out is dinner and a movie. But when a friend challenged me to a bar hop night I came along just to laugh and "these young'ins". Little did I know then what I know now. Did you know bars now have stripper poles, video games on the big screen (wow is that a game cube!) and Ghostbusters on a projector? I could dig this. I almost feel 20 again.....quick hand me a drink and let's dance the night away. When I stumbled out 2 hrs later for a breath of fresh air and to step away from the enticing bar (and it's smashing bartender) I remembered thinking, "oh - this is what fun is!"
When someone says "Dive Bar tonight?", my reaction is usually the same: eyes-rolled, huge sigh..."fiiiiiine....". To the unseasoned patron, the idea of spending an evening in a bar with trippy posters and black lights, stripper poles, and the ever-present (usually military) wedding afterparty group seems low on the list of weekend priorities. And then, something magical happens. Yes, my friends. Alcohol. Lots and lots of cheap alcohol. Suddenly, those stripper poles, that creepy cylindrical room with fuzzy pillows and neon painted velvet Bob Marley posters, even a game of ping pong...it all. makes. perfect. sense. Not once have I walked...okay, stumbled out of here at 2am and thought, "What a waste of a perfectly good evening!" Perhaps the occasional, "What just happened?" or even a David and the dentist "Is this real life?" Anyway, my point is this: 1) visit. 2) drink. 3) wobble/cupid shuffle. 4) tylenol.
While most bars in downtown Jax have closed down or are being remodeled, dive bar remains the same :) big glowing lights. old/new/house music always playing. cheappppp drink specials. VIP area. and who can forget the stripper poles... and the HUGE poster of David Beckham in the bathroom? no one :) despite the grungy look from the outside, dive bar is a fun, happening and super great place to hit up on a friday or saturday night.
Dive Bar... is not really a dive. At all. Dive Bar is one of the three bars located on Bay St [Marks and TSI also reside on this strip] and as it sits between the two, the posh & sophisticated Marks and the hipster & edgy TSI, it is theoretically situated perfectly between the two. They have some amazing couches. I will say that. Some glamorous French Renaissance styled couches with some bold, edgy, rock star patterns that pop inside this heavily decorated club. There are huge paintings on the walls of all the famous musicians from the 60's and 70's [which lead to believe, before they opened, that they would be much cooler than they actually are] and black light posters and neon lighting peek out around every corner. The odd thing is that they play primarily Top 40, Hip Hop, Pop kind of music. It doesn't exactly fit with their classic rock meets glam rock theme [which doesn't at all seem to match the name of the bar], but to be honest, no one seems to care all that much. This place gets PACKED. I will say that Friday and Saturday nights are their biggest nights, but when I say big I mean you will be shoulder to shoulder, fighting for a place at the bar, waiting 20 minutes at least to get another drink, barely able to dance, and definitely leaving with wet feet [splash zone not applicable]. Regardless, it is fun and pretty funky and very popular among young adults who are relatively normal people. If you know what I mean.
In my experience, Dive Bar was the place of weird dudes, clubbing-in-jeans crowd, as well as the stripper-pole dancing girls. Oh wait... Yes you got me. They had specials on Lemon Drops, dammit!  =X No, seriously, since 2008, I've avoided this place like the plague, and that's because a certain Alcoholic Crackhead goes here. The last time I hung out with this foo, he was so faded that as we left the place, he proceeded to guzzle down half drunken glasses of beer and other drinks as we passed by. Then he snuck out a martini glass filled with someone's drink and when we got to the parking lot, he drank it then threw that glass on the parking lot and it shattered into a million pieces. Yeah, I went against my judgement recently because a friend of mine was throwing a party recently and I'd get in free, so why not? Was a nice night. Too bad All types of persons mentioned above were in the house. The little room with the 70's posters and blacklight was still there, and the crowd is pretty much the same as it was back in 2008. Casual-style clubbers. On a good note, this place wasn't nearly as smokey as it was back then. And the bartenders and drinks were really nice. Especially those Lemon Drops.
Dive Bar is a perfect name for this place.  Cheap alcohol, stripper poles, and odd posters pretty much sums it up.  If you go in with a good attitude you can have some fun but if you aren't in a great mood I would skip this place.
Very cool place! Retro, psychodelic, loungey, good music. Highly recommend for a place that's a little different. Only 2 wine options though.
