Who knew you could find such a classy shopping area in Jacksonville? Tons of upscale shops and restaurants are packed into this open-air shopping center, with even more stores spread around the perimeter (these aren't "officially" part of the mall, but this is where you'll find more affordable options like Target and Ross, to name a few). The grounds are well-maintained with beautiful landscaping throughout. You could easily spend the entire day here!   The downside: it is crowded on the weekend. Parking is a bit of a nightmare. My advice is to just suck it up and park far away or else you may spend far too long searching for a close spot.
I had some time to kill this evening and ended up at St. Johns Town Center. It's a very nice, large, outdoor mall featuring some high end stores! There are few anchor stores, like Dillards and a Dick's Sporting Goods but mostly smaller retail stores. I stopped in Anthropologie, Gap, Banana Replublic, J. Crew, Artistic Abode and Bare Minerals. It seemed like there were lots of great dining options too! At the far end of the plaza there was more of a strip mall section which included Target, Old Navy, Ross, JoAnn Fabrics and some other shops as well. I was able to kill an hour or two hear, but you could easily spend a whole Saturday in this shopping center!!
Nice place, nice background music, great customer service. Today, I bought a tshirt for $8.55 and left very happy. I was going to do some shopping at Ross, but.with the clearance prices that they have, it was not necessary. Things appear to be very expensive here, but with the right deal, one can find very nice items.
This is a great place for weekend shopping of all sorts. Also a great date night spots due to the ample amount of restaurants. I've been to this shopping center on several occasions, although majority of  the stores are generally not where I tend to shop, its still a great place for walking around and window shopping with girlfriends.
This is a great place to get all our shopping done and walk around outside. The only con is this place is HUGE and you can never find any parking.
Everything you could possibly need is here in a well organized outdoor mall type area.  Perfect place for shopping.
I've only been here a couple times, but it seems as if there is something for everyone. It's not all upper class type stores, but there are some more moderately priced stores as well. It's like a whole village of stores. It can seem like a maze, but they have people strolling around in golf carts that stop and ask if they can help.... especially when you're standing in front of the map looking all sorts of confused and I was..... twice. Wear your comfy walking shoes and have some fun. Probably skip a session at the gym after spending a day here. You won't be able to hit up everything in one day, so plan accordingly! I'm great with heat, but not so much with humidity. So, if you are the same way, be aware that this is not an indoor mall. Food choice here is pretty good, too whether you want a snack or a full meal.
Been living here for a little over 8 years and this place has grown into a beast of a shopping center & it only keeps growing. They pretty much have everything you need, from dollar stores, Walmarts to the high end places and everything in between. They have tons of places to eat. Whether you are looking for a little bite to eat, a place to bring a date or possibly the whole family, the town center has it. It's a place for all ages. They have a train that rides around the town center that the kids and parents (if you can fit) can enjoy. They also have a new shaded play area (in front of Dicks Sporting Goods) for the kids to enjoy. The holidays are nice there too. They have a big tree in front of Maggianos and they usually have an event to celebrate the holidays and showcase said tree. There is tons of parking, but around the holidays the place is a hot spot for shopping so good luck with that. Lots of money & time could be spent at this place. So choose wisely!
If you're ever in Jacksonville Florida, the premier shopping center within this fine city is the St. Johns Town Center. It's an upscale super regional open air mall operated by the Simon Property Group and it's got swag - with all the best intentions. Conveniently located in the Southside neighborhood, it's doesn't seem like much, but a 200 acre (1.2 million square feet) outdoor mall with 5000 parking spaces is bound to attract people from miles around. With so much space and things to do, it's going to keep you busy for a while. Bring a pair of Nike's, cause you're gonna start steppin'. Trust me dude, this isn't the humidity talking either. Picture over 175 retail stores and mid-upscale dining options. Here's a link to their shopping directory (simon.com/mall/st-johns-…) and another for their restaurants (simon.com/mall/st-johns-…). Charge cards, time for a credit increase! The best part about this place is that it's like a high school kid with a ginormous appetite - meaning that it's still growing. Construction was still underway during my last visit. Born in 2005, there also seems to be a whole bunch of retail stores and dining options next to the St. Johns Town Center. I don't believe those places are affiliated with the Town Center itself, but it just goes to show you how vast this complex actually is. In addition, there are luxury condominiums nearby called the Esplanade, with 258 units that opened in 2006. Waiting list please? WHAT I DO Maggiano's Little Italy, The Cheesecake Factory, Lacoste, Louis Vuitton, Urban Outfitters, Apple Store, Cole Haan, The Capital Grille, J. Alexander's, Nordstrom's.
I just love the Town Centre...  unless it's the middle of the summer and with humidity it's like 110 degrees outside!  If it's that friggin' hot outside, screw the Town Centre and the outdoor shopping, I'm heading to The Avenues or The Orange Park Mall!  LOL   There are a ton of stores here though that you won't find anywhere else in Jacksonville like Urban Outfitters (SO happy we finally have one of these), Oakley, Pandora, and Fossil, just to name a new.  Then you have the really upscale places that I think we're lucky to have here in Jax like Louis Vouitton, Michael Kors, and Tiffany & Co.  Jacksonville is becoming hot sh**, huh?!  LOL When it isn't 110 degrees outside, this is my favourite place in jacksonville to shop and to window shop.  Sometimes I have no intention of making any purchases, I just want to get out of the house.  Often when that happens, I head here.  Just take a look at my check-ins...  I've maybe been here once or twice!  LOL As others have mentioned, tons of places to eat here whether you're looking for fast food or a nice sit down meal.  There's even a couple of upscale restaurants here too.  Or maybe you just want to grab a snack?  There's plenty to choose from in that department too like froyo or Auntie Anne's Pretzels, or cupcakes, or ice cream, or chocolate covered whatever you can think of at Peterbrooke. I also agree with everyone else that parking is a complete and utter clusterfu**!  There's just no other way to put it.  Good luck finding a parking place.  You may want to take Naomi B's advice and valet so you don't have to deal with the headache.  But, no matter where you park your car, this is an outdoor mall, so you're going to have to do some walking, for sure. And they just keeping adding on and adding on.  I never know what new stores are going to pop up next.  I'm keeping my fingers crossed that a Macy's and an IKEA will eventually pop up.  A girl can dream, can't she?!
Loved this outdoor mall! Great shopping, friendly salespeople, and we were able to shop almost ever store with our little dog, Emmy! We will be back :)
Ideal image is a great place for the cost, customer service  (Lauren was great)  and ligation. I was really concerned but she put me at ease. Thanks for the greAt service. JMD
I love the Town Center, not only is it just a few miles away from my house but there is an endless plethora of things to see and do here. The center itself is relatively new and well kept so it is visually appealing and it speaks to all budgets from Old Navy, Target and Ross to Dillard's and Tiffany Co. There are also lots of fine restaurants, mom and pop eateries as well as typical fast food places. The only down side to this magical place is parking & traffic. Alas, anywhere that is the place to be will be packed, so this is to be expected. Bring your walking shoes and enjoy!
Yeah, the Town Center can be a big ol' maze of crazy (normally parking) but that's ok. I am super happy there is an Ulta, DSW and Express here, so I can't complain. You may have do to a bit of walking to get to the store of your choice, but it's really not THAT bad. You won't catch me here during the holidays though, no way! There are a couple of great restaurants over here too... which is nice for a day of shopping and some dins.
As the other reviews prove, the Town Center is both a great place to shop and a zoo. The layout is great when the weather is nice but when it's particularly hot or rainy and you're trying to hit certain stores, it can be a disaster. Parking and traffic is very hit or miss. I try to hit the Town Center during the week and work really hard to avoid it during the holidays. The Town Center has any store you could imagine, everything from Target and Old Navy, Urban Outfitters, and Aerie to Tiffanys. There are also tons of resturants, from fast food types (Panda Express, Zaxby's) to "fast casual" (Chipotle, Pei Wei) to more upscale (Capital Grille, J Alexander's). There is something for everyone at the Town Center!
This is a nice shopping center - a lot of great stores, some unique, others common. You can valet park or use one of the other millions of available spaces. There's also plenty of teeny boppers running around in booty shorts (call me old fashioned, but I think your shorts should be longer than your butt cheeks). It's a great place to walk around, get some sun, spend some money...  What's not to love?
This place is like paradise for someone like myself who loves to shop!  Banana Republic, Lululumon, Louis Vuitton, Anthropologie, Athleta, Urban Outfitters, Tiffany's, and a whole lot more all in one spot!  This mall definitely caters to those who are into higher end brands, but there is enough of a mix of stores that it doesn't come off as snotty or pretentious is any way.  Just remember to bring an umbrella because an outdoor mall and finicky Florida weather doesn't necessarily mix (I learned this lesson the hard way)!
Very picturesque outdoor mall and one of the best I have been to in awhile. I love the free yoga on the weekends at Athletica and Lululemon. They have a great selection of restaurants and clothing stores. Barnes and Nobles is wonderful. I get a workout just by browsing and walking around the place. The downside - parking is horrible unless you come early in the morning on weekends. People are like vultures when it comes to finding a parking spot. I will come here again and again and always park early in the morning!
Very nice place to shop at. They have almost everything you look for, from stores for lyour little ones like Claire's or baby GAP, to the upscale goods like Louis Vulton or TiffanyCo. They always have Nordstrom being built. I can't wait.
The Town Center is our go to place for a quick cure of cabin fever!! It's close to us and has an adorable covered outdoor play area!! My 15 month old loves to crawl around and practice walking from the sea creatures to the rubber sand castle!! It's whimsical and they have really nice beach chairs for the parents to relax.
I was really impressed with this outside mall, and kept asking are you sure We are not in Beverly Hills? Positives- a great variety of high end and middle range shopping stores. High end? Yes let's see ... Louis Vuitton, Tiffany's, Michael Kors, etc...Then there are the middle range shopping stores - Bath and Body works, The Gap clothing, etc... There are also great variety eating establishments in the vicinity after a long day of shopping- there's Sake 3, PF Changs, Pizza Kitchen, Italian restaurants, Cheesecake Factory to name a few. There's music (Top 40) playing from outside speakers while you stroll outside from store to store. There's a nice small sitting/park area in front of Maggiano's restaurant where there's sitting benches and a koy fish pond - truly relaxing! Negatives- it's an outdoor mall. If you know Jacksonville weather - it's going to rain. However, we went during the fall and it was pleasant outside and not the normal heat we've been used to in the summer. Lastly, the parking is terrible. We eventually found one if not there is valet parking available.
We love coming to the Town Center to eat and shop, as just about everything is located here in a very manageable sized area.
I only like this place because I work here. Its always busy and always families just hanging out like they dont have neighborhoods anymore. This is everyones hang out spot. I even saw a married couple come here just to take pictures, I see high schoolers come here before prom so everyone can see them. To bad the residents of this city dont utilize there downtown are like this. I have never seen a city so in love with a Mall though. People speed through the lots, they need more speed bumps, all the major restaurants are here.The best time to shop is when its too cold outside, super early in the a.m, its raining or on a monday. That the only time you can have a peacefull mall experience. The Train is here also like at the avenues for your kids and they even have an adult transport for free and security is awesome.
St. Johns Town Center continues to be the hub that everyone wants to hang out at. They continue to expand: more shopping, more dining, now living too! From low-end to high end, from fast food to fine dining, they really do offer something for everyone. It's the best place to hang out on a gorgeous Florida day if you're not at the beach. And it's really not that bad in the rain. Besides, even the downpours don't really tend to last that long. The Markets at SJTC and the Boutiques at SJTC North offer the neighborhood conveniences of a grocery store. And now with a Shell between the Costco and BJ's Restaurant, you really can get it all in one place. I really can't call parking an issue, they have plenty of it, I just might not get to park where I would like to park. I wish the valets would have blocked off part of the lot(s) in the back behind Dick's or such instead of using one that seems to be in the center of all the action.
5 stars for finding anything you need to purchase.. High end like Louis Vitton to Target and Dollar Tree at the other end. Every .. And I mean EVERY franchised chain restaurant is represented here. 2 stars for parking. People drive from store to store so gridlock is common. Drivers tempers rival the Florida temperatures.. And don't attempt to Walk the shopping center .. You will not make it from Dillards to Ross without getting heat stroke. Interesting how the shopping center is laid out.. All the high end stores and tonier eateries on one end and the discounted and lower end stores and fast food on the other. The shoppers are similarly segregated by economic status. Paris Hilton / Beverly Hills types in one area.. Honey Boo Boo Child/ Walmart shoppers in the other. Interesting but overwhelming.. This place is really too massive. It was much more comfortable when it was an acre smaller..
Anything and everything you could possibly need in one place. This place is the Mecca of of all strip centers. From Ross to Michael Kors....this is the place to come.
The St. Johns Town Center dominates other shopping destinations in Jacksonville. It's probably the premier shopping center of Jacksonville. There are rumors of a Nordstrom in development according to an acquaintence who works at the Town Center. Let's face it, that's kind of a big deal for Jax. The Town Center is an outdoor shopping mall that keeps on growing.They have the most selection in terms of the usual mall retailers. However, Dilliard's is currenly the only department store in the shopping center. It's a "higher end" Dilliard's. It's a bit better than the Avenue's Mall Dilliards in terms of designer selections. This behemoth is probably the epicenter for nearly all weekend hangouts. Aside from shopping, there are a motley of restaurants, albeit mainly chains. So it gets pretty busy and packed. I don't bother coming here on the weekends unless I plan to get ticked off looking for parking. Do yourself a favor and come during the weekday during the day, if possible. Nonetheless, I am still a fan of the Town Center bc that's where JCrew and Anthro resides. Woot !
What's not to like about Town Center? It's got places to shop for shoppers in all walk of life-hipsters, teens, bargain hunters, brand name fans, tech geeks, etc. It's got places to eat and read books. It's got a place for coffee drinkers; tea drinkers; alcoholic drinkers. It even has a few store for people on the mission to redecorate their homes. It's got water fountains and ponds for kids to drag their parents to, while they hope they don't fall in (seriously, I saw a kid so excited to see the koi fish and turtles that he FELL.IN. As his parents watched in horror, helpless to prevent it.) I would take my family here any day of the week. Wait. I do take my family here. All the time. As far as parking goes-if there is an event going on, say the Tree Lighting during December-expect delays. The holidays tend to bring the crazy in everyone, add that they close off certain portions for those special events, and you have the makings for a migraine just looking for parking. But, on a normal day, it's not that bad. The weekends, you're either really lucky or S.O.L. But like what the other reviewer mentioned, it doesn't matter where you park, everything is within walking distance, so it shouldn't matter. Now, if you're one of the blessed people who the Parking Gods love, (aka the lucky ones who find parking right in front of  bookstore & PF Chang) this doesn't apply to you. Because the Parking Gods love you. Me...eh we have a love/hate relationships at most. But lately, they've been good. (knocks on wood)
I love St. John's on a sunny day. Parking can b unfortunate but ain't that life. So many shopping options. Also many food choices from fast food, to high end, to corn dog vendor. The stores range that was from Louis Vuitton, coach, gap, Claire's, urban outfitter, etc.
This mall has just about everything.  The parking is no problem for me since I don't mind walking around, and there are plenty of shops spaced out to purchase refreshments.  There is something to fit everyone's budget, whether it's clothing or eateries.
Some of these comments baffle me.  This mall has no shortage of parking.  I've never had a problem finding a space, even at peak times on weekends and during the holidays.  If you park at Dillard's or down at the end near J. Alexander and Cantina Laredo, you'll be within easy walking distance of anything along the main stretch of mall stores. Yes, if you enter through the traffic circle by Cheesecake Factory/ PF Chang/Maggiano's and try to park on the street that runs between all the core shops, you will get trapped behind the kiddie train, other cars stalking for spaces, and oblivious pedestrians (and you still won't find a space in there), so don't bother.  Walk a little!     As for all the complaints about the weather, it ain't no secret that this is an outdoor mall.  If it's hot or rainy, deal with it and enjoy shopping without the crowds, or go to an indoor mall instead.  The Town Center gets absolutely jammed with people on nice days, so if you're not finicky about the weather it can be pleasant to shop without the herds. I would say that this is the best mall in Jacksonville, but that's not really saying much considering the alternatives, so I'll just say it's a pretty good mall.  There's a nice variety of stores, from your everyday, every mall chains (Gap, Victoria's Secret, Express, etc.), to your mid-to-upscale mall stores (J. Crew, Anthropologie, Cole Haan, Lululemon, Tommy Bahama), to a couple of really high end shops (Tiffany and Louis Vuitton) that seem a bit out of place, but it's still nice to have them in Jacksonville.  Dillard's is the only department store, and while I'd love to see a Macy's or a Nordstrom at the Town Center, the Dillard's is a nice one as far as those go. I also like the food options at the Town Center.  J. Alexander is my favorite place to take a shopping break and grab lunch or a drink.  There is no "food court" but if you're looking for fast food or fast casual there are plenty of options on the outskirts of the mall.
This is my absolute favorite mall/shopping center in Jacksonville. If all of them were as outdoorsy (you gotta be outside to enjoy the sunshine state weather!) and with as good a selection of stores and restaurants as this mall, then I'd probably shop more often. Lol. The best part is that during off-peak hours, you can park right in front of (or pretty close to) the place you want to shop at. This means a quick get-in-and-get-out and no time wasted. They have family events here, such as the giant easter egg hunt (please prep your kids' run and grab skills beforehand) and the christmas tree lighting. But the cutest part of the entire mall that kids will love is the central pond where the koi fish and the ducks swim. My favorite spots here are Ted's Montana Grill, Sushi House 2, Barnes-N-Noble, Mimi's Cafe, The Grape, Panera Bread, Starbucks (all 3 of them! Lol), Urban Outfitters, and Target.
The relatives tell me that this is the new go to mall in Jacksonville.  Regency, the Avenues, and the OP Mall are all relics. They have the high end stores, blah, blah, blah.  Its outdoors, blah, blah, blah.   If you have read my mall reviews, you will notice that all of the other shit that people pay attention to are meaningless to me. Chik Fil A:  Check! Old Navy:  Check! Cinnabon:  Nope. Malls that don't have all 3 stores get stars deleted.
St. Johns Town Center is our ab-fab outdoor mall.  These are my insider tips: - On regular days (i.e. not Black Friday) park in the lot behind Barnes and Noble. You can walk through Dillards (ahhh, air conditioning!) and it's the most centrally located spot. Don't waste time trying to get something in front of the stores. - The Apple store is ALWAYS crowded but worth your time. Be prepared for a ton of people, lots of employees, and (in all honesty) a funky smell. However - lots of cool gadgets on display! - Wear comfortable shoes or go to DSW for a new pair. - This is an outdoor mall and this is Florida! Be prepared for all contingencies. But a little rain is no reason to leave...go by Starbucks for a coffee or Kilwin's for some fudge while you wait out the storm. - If it's late enough, go buy a tacky club shirt at Forever 21 and then go ride the mechanical bull at Whisky River! In my experience, this will make for an interesting night. - For a more chill night, start at PF Chang's for great specials on appetizers and then wander over to the grape for live music and a glass of wine. Perfect GNO! - I used to know a guy who planned his first date as such: Dinner at Cantina Laredo followed by wine at The Grape. If you get asked out for this pattern, give him a chance. He's a nice guy. :) Enjoy!!
FULL DISCLOSURE NOTICE: I am not a brand-conscious shopper.  I barely tolerate retail shopping at all.  I am cranky, bordering on codger. This place raises the hairs on my neck.  Parking is atrocious, in terms of finding a spot near where you want to be, and having to tolerate all the folks driving around in aggro-mode searching for parking near where THEY want to be.  I've had spots "stolen" from me several times. While there is a good selection for those who appreciate "brand" retailers, and the layout sort-of kind-of approximates a "town"-ish shopping district, the volume of shoppers and/or drivers at SJTC overwhelms me.  It's too damn crowded for my tastes during "normal" times of the year, and during the holiday season?  Forget it. The atmosphere is fine, it appears to be relatively safe (I've seen the security squad rolling around on their Segways many times) and clean, and the restaurants that I've sampled are consistently good.  I just don't think the end result is worth the effort required. Your mileage may vary.  Batteries not included.  The FDA has not evaluated this review, which is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease.
This is a good spot to wander around when the weather's nice.  When it isn't, forget it, unless you're here for something specific.  The people watching can be great.  On any given day, you can observe countless teenaged girls dressed totally inappropriately, and their not teenaged mothers trying desperately to dress just like them.  Or you can hear couples arguing loudly in public about things that should not be argued about in public.  A few weeks ago, one couple was having a heated discussion about their sex life, right on the sidewalk.  How I wish I was kidding. We generally stick to the eating places and Barnes & Noble for actual purchases, but we do browse and window shop the other stores.  There's a nice mix.  I'm puzzled by some of them being here, though.  Louis Vuitton?  Tiffany's?  This is Jacksonville, not Miami or Boca Raton.  I will say that if you go into Tiffany's to browse, they're very nice about not hounding you or trying to run a credit check on you as you walk in the door.  Not pushy at all, surprisingly. Contrary to popular opinion, there is plenty of parking on a normal weekend.  The only time I've ever had actual trouble finding a space at all is during Christmas, or when they have special events.  Other than that, it's fine.  Sure, you may not be able to pull up right outside the door of wherever you're wanting to go, but come on, people, it's not going to kill you to walk a bit.  The biggest hazard there is the people who can't seem to understand it's a shopping center parking lot, not Nascar.  Slow it down, Ricky Bobby.
In Jacksonville...this mall exemplifies the "icing on the cake" of malls. As far as i'm concerned it is the most customer focused mall in Jacksonville. it is outdoors so if its cool out, bring your sweater and don't forget your walking shoes...the stores go on and on and on. The selection of clothing stores ranges from small boutiques to large department stores. The clothing and assorted stores include: Dillards, Dicks sporting goods, White House Black Market, Chicos (huge fan), Soma, Ann Taylor, DSW (shoes galore), Apple, Bare Escentuals (michelle for a great makeover), Victoria Secret, and so much more! (--these are just a few of my favorites). The restaurants include: Cantina Laredo (one of my favorite Mexican places - their vegetable enchilada, guacamole made table side and margaritas are awesome), PF Changs (love their lettuce wraps), Cheesecake Factory for their desserts (my friends love it- i am gluten free). Also right around the mall is several good restaurants not listed in the simon directory as well. Whether you are looking to "shop til you drop", for a special restaurant, or that specialty gift,  you will most likely find it here.
Okay so I don't love north Florida... much. But what a breath of fresh air, this place is! I thought I'd be stuck with Belks and Bells and Marshalls (maybe the Avenues). But this place is fabulous. It's wide range of apparel stores that progresses geographically in a logical manner (so you know at which end to park your car). Three sunglasses stores, in case you don't find the Marc Jacobs ones you really want in the Dillards. Lots of food. Barnes and Noble, Starbucks (obviously), Apple Store (heart), Surf Shop, Sephora, Betsey Johnson, Metropark, Puma, Lacoste, Juicy, AND a GD Louis Vuitton. Wut?!  So yeah, I love this place. P.S. Check the parking lot at Dillards, you will get decent parking. It never fails me.
3.5 stars. I've been to a lot of outdoor malls as they seem to be the new trend around the country.  This one reminded me a lot of The Domain in Austin as it has a mix of upscale and more affordable shops. My fiancee and I appreciated that St. Johns Town Center has a Clarks store which sells extremely comfortable yet stylish men and women's shoes. If I lived in Jacksonville, I'd get myself in trouble shopping here often.  The reason why I give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 is because I wish there were more dining options.
This was my first time visiting this shopping center and I loved the lay out of all the stores. I was with two of my girlfriends and after traveling most of the morning we only had enegry for a few stores. The store that I am mainly focusing on in this review is LUSH because I received OUTSTANDING customer service. Unfortunately I can't remember the girls name that helped me, but she was VERY informative and more than willing to help. All of the employees gave great customer service and if I'm ever back to this shopping center I will be visiting that store again.
This was my first time visiting this shopping center and I loved the lay out of all the stores. I was with two of my girlfriends and after traveling most of the morning we only had enegry for a few stores. The store that I am mainly focusing on in this review is LUSH because I received OUTSTANDING customer service. Unfortunately I can't remember the girls name that helped me, but she was VERY informative and more than willing to help. All of the employees gave great customer service and if I'm ever back to this shopping center I will be visiting that store again.
I love all the haters here on Yelp.  If you don't want to walk or deal with the weather or complain about the parking, why don't you go to Regency Square or the Avenues Mall?  Why would you consciously go to an outdoor mall? Since I live close to the mall, I hate all you people that come to shop here because none of you know how to drive!  People can't even figure out that when they leave, the right lane won't mysteriously take them to a left turn.  Shocking!   Since I am not a consumer,  I only frequent Publix, Total Wine, Target and Ross, but if I wanted to waste money, this would be the place to do it.
This is a great mall, when it comes to malls. Outdoor malls can go two ways. They can be weird and kind of annoying. Or awesome. And this one is awesome. It's well designed, well landscaped, thoughtfully laid out, and as Carrie would say, a great place to get your cardio. The Town Center is laid out linearly. Coming from 9A you have your Publix, Total Wine, and all the local stores in one area. Then you have your bargain shopping [Target, Ross, Old Navy, etc]. That kind of leads into the middle ground, not outrageously expensive, but still brand name shopping [J. Crew, Express, Ann Taylor, Lucky, Williams Sonoma, BCBG, Betsy Johnson, etc] which then finally leads into the stores I have never stepped foot in... like the Louis Vuitton. But the fact that we have a Louis Vuitton is amazing! Who would have thought this southern city would get so posh it would have a Louis Vuitton! Amazing. It end's with some awesome restaurants - Cantina Laredo, Capitol Grille, and others. This is a wonderful mall that has transformed the way Jacksonville understands shopping. It introduced a lot of new stores to the city and, once again, Jacksonville responded by stepping up to the plate and dishing out the dough. It's a really pleasant shopping experience and fun to just walk around. I never thought I would say that, but I just did.
Excellent example of a (sub)urban mixed use development. Their is a vast array of stores and restaurants that serve as a central meeting point for people coming from downtown, southside and the beaches. Apartments have now been added to the mix and significant build out continues. Whatever food or shopping one needs is here and presented in a clean, useful way.
The best shopping in Jax and it keeps growing a getting better.  It's not the Ala Moana in Honolulu, nor is it downtown SF or NYC or even the Aventura mall in Miami...but it is the best we gots in NE Florida. It has a good range of stores, all the typical stuff and also has some upscale boutiques...No Chanel, Prada, Dior or Fendi (not that they'd do well here) but it has some nice stuff.  It sorely needs another department store though, to truly make it a great mall. More food options are always welcome as well. But with our weather, it's a great place to walk around and waste a sunny afternoon.   What's even worse is that I live close enough to walk so I'm there all the time.
Not much to say here, it has everything you need! From Target to Louie Vuitton and anything you can think of in between. I suggest Biotique to get your eyebrows threaded then get a snack at French Fry Heaven.
Love Love Love..my husband has spent a small fortune on me here..The best shopping in Jax and some of the best dining as well. Theres a store for everyone here, my son loves Barnes & Noble, my hubby favors Tommy Bahama, and myself..Louis Vuitton! Theres also a Lush Cosmetics thats sooo much fun!
Gotta like this outdoor "mall" has everything in one expansive location including all your upscale brands and known chain eateries and stores. A little bit busy weekends and holidays but patience is needed with this many coming and going, shopping and walking across sections. Plan ahead which stores you'll be visiting so you may want to centralize your parking.
This isn't as bad as I was expecting considering I'm in Northern Florida and (gasp) there's no Nordstrom. I've been to the other malls in the area and this is a vast improvement. There's a nice selection of smaller stores, trendy boutiques and everyday stores like Target. A Betsy Johnson near the Lacoste? Lululemon by the Urban Outfitters? Eclectic but always a fun surprise when you're walking down the long stretch of mall. This mall feels like it's trying to be Santana Row for those of you familiar with San Jose and the architecture is like Deer Park Center for those of you from the Barrington area. They have train rides for the kids, restaurants in the very center of it all and decent parking surprisingly enough. I found it easy enough to get a pair of tights, running sneakers, and a cashmere scarf all under 20 minutes. Any place that can accommodate a Target with a huge parking lot and only one fro-yo place has a tiny place in my heart for sure.
A mall is a mall whether its indoor or outdoor. Either way i avoid them like the plague,...however they often have store found nowhere else,...Dick's Sporting Goods for instance.  Great restaurants, but parking near your final destination is akin to making a moon shot rocket trip from your backyard! Cool i suppose if you feel like getting some fresh air and walking around window shopping.
I love St. John's town center!!! They have the coolest shops. You can always find great deals. I also love how it's outside. Makes walking around a lot of fun
I love this mall. I know, this layout leaves you unprotected from the harsh elements of a Florida summer, but I am willing to overlook that because of the trade off. There are so many great stores and food options here, from high-end to bargain basement! It's just a lovely mall, I really like the small courtyard right outside Maggiano's. It even has a designated dog area. There is abundant seating in the courtyard and common areas, perfect place to have a quick rest before you trek on to another section of this giant shopping center.
Town center oh Town center.... I have a love hate relationship with this place, during the few cool months that Jacksonville does experience the Town Center can be a pretty awesome place to get a bite to eat, get some shopping done, or even take your four legged friends on a stroll, they even have a "Bark Park". Don't worry the Town Center is kid friendly to...for those of you with young ones they have a play area in front of Dicks Sporting Goods, as well as a train like the one at the avenues mall, only this one is obviously outdoors and runs along the main drag of the Town Center(which means when the train is running it's course and you are driving be prepared to slow down a lot/ or if you are walking get out of it's path, as the driver clearly doesn't care if he runs down a pedestrian or two)! Parking is usually the main hold up here, and the fact that a lot of people either ignore the traffic signals before them(stop signs), or don't care which often leaves me wondering how did these people get a drivers license in the first place?...but oh well on to the rest of the review. I also think that instead of that new little shuttle that they added that's supposed to pick you up anywhere in the Town Center and drop you off at your car if you text the number for it(which I have yet to see anyone use),they should add a centrally located parking garage. In my opinion it would help with swelteringly hot summer months, which is my downside to the Town Center! It would be super awesome if they would add a Macys, FAO Shwartz, and a Sax to the Town Center:-)!
I liked this mall.  It's an outdoor mall and even though it was super hot and humid when I went, I still enjoyed walking around this place.  It's really big and I didn't get to walk the whole thing but the small stretch that I was at had mid to somewhat upscale stores on it.  There was LV, True Religion, Juicy Couture, Urban Outfitters, etc... etc.... Not sure if it was just me, but it seemed like everything was slightly cheaper there - how weird.   Anyway, this place was a great addition to the suburbs of Jacksonville.  My aunt literally lives there.
Lots of options! Great shopping and dining. Outdoors mall can be a problem in the summer around here, but still a nice spot. Glad to have Nordstroms coming soon!
Massive outdoor shopping mall. Stores range from typical strip mall offerings nearby to upscale stores and higher end restaurants. Outdoor entry to stores and sprawl makes this a challenge for anyone that doesn't enjoy the typical muggy Florida weather or a surprise rainstorm.
Great place to shop
NOT a fan. Parking is bad.If have small child or weather not so nice. Crowded with all types of traffic -cars driving threw. People walk out in-front of your car without looking. I think it is just hyped up ,if your walking to a few stores shopping you need a golf cart for your bags or keep going to your car to put things away and drive to next store. Just big and busy from fast food to perfume stores to 4 star restaurants and out doors stores and more. IF YOUR INTO the hustle bussel ,and carrying your bags around ,and looking for parking for 20 minutes then you will dig it! ALSO NOT bad place if your going to ONE store for few things IF you can park somewhere in walking distance.
I have very mixed feelings about the St Johns Town Center.... For the most part I despise going there because it seems that no matter what day of the week or what time it is, the place is PACKED and not in a good way. I find it overwhelming to navigate and park, which is extremely frustrating when you know exactly what store you want to go to, but have no idea how to get to it, even if you have been there before. I'm certain I can't be the only one who feels this way. However, the other day I had plans to meet at a restaurant in the Town Center so I drove to the restaurant parking lot (way earlier than I needed to be there) and got out to walk around for a bit. It was the first time I've ever really just "explored" the mall and while most of the stores are ones that I would LOVE to shop in, the truth is....they are WAY out of my budget. The mall was of course crowded, people were everywhere, but even though that was something that normally would be my "its time to go" trigger, this time I didn't seem to mind so much. It was a beautiful day and and popping into one store and then another so casually while wandering around was almost relaxing. Yelp even said to me "easy tiger, you need to wait a few more minutes" at which point I realized I had become one of the people at the Town Center mall that I really never understood before. I was wrapped up in the beauty of the weather and the outdoor shopping experience....even though I left that day empty handed....so much so that I had almost forgotten that I despised the place.   I won't go as far to say "Yay! I'm a fan." because truth be told, I won't be a frequent Town Center shopper anytime soon, but I guess I can see why people like it so much. For me personally though, the restaurants offered at the St Johns Town Center are the real reason to go....every single one I've been to has been really really good! So whether your into marathon shopping sprees or marathon eating sprees, I'm sure the Town Center has something for you to enjoy.
Very well kept store, incredibly friendly staff, need more men's apparel!
I like the outdoor shopping experience, and the fact that this place pretty much caters to everybody. No shortage of joints to eat at either, whether its a fast food stop or an upscale experience that you crave. Parking is a mess, especially in the afternoons, but I just do valet parking to alleviate that headache. All in all, its a great place to spend a day!
Lots of shopping options here!!  My only complaint is the traffic - yuck.  You are better served to park further out and walk to the stores, trust me on this!
Dear St. John's Town Center,     I know you have a lot of admirers, but I am not one of them. Sure, there are the typical "mall stores" as well as some high- end shops. There are also some nicer chain restaurants; however, I have three major issues: parking, outdoorness, and lack of snacks.  First to my main beef- parking.  At the risk of sounding like a cranky old hag because I posted another review complaining about parking (see 3rd St Yogaberry)... It is a NIGHTMARE to park anywhere near the center of this place!  The only time in my life that I've ever had "road rage" was at the Town Center (some heifer stole the parking place I stalked long and hard for and she deserved to be yelled at out of my car window).       Town Center, is it too much to ask for a parking garage with multiple levels? You know, like the big cities have? Twenty- seven parking places are simply not enough for the drones of people who visit the town center every weekend! It's enough to make a girl pretend to eat at Cheesecake Factory just to take advantage of the ($5) valet parking!       Next complaint- Town Center, I don't know if you know this, but you are in Florida, not Southern California. I know outdoor malls are all the rage, but Floridians are perfectly appreciative of a good indoor mall. In fact, Floridians particularly enjoy the indoor mall experience on a rainy and/ or hot day. What we don't enjoy is breaking a sweat between stores. It's hard enough to find jeans that fit without having to stuff sweaty thighs into them!    Finally, Town Center what do you have against Mrs. Fields?  Cinnabon? Snack foods in general? I'm all for a good Yogaberry (see aforementioned post) but sometimes I just want a snickerdoodle! The only "mall food" vendor at the Town Center is Aunt Annie's pretzels. Not sufficient for a snacky gal like myself. P.S. My only other complaint (and to be fair it can't be blamed on the Town Center), why doesn't Jacksonville have a MACY'S? I might be more apt to forgive the Town Center it's horrendous parking if there were a Macy's involved!
This place is good. The only thing is parking is hard to find unless you park in the back.
Parking is always an issue. Park in the back toward dicks and you avoid some of them in traffic. Do not try to drive and park in front of your store it will not happen. This is what causes traffic jams. Walk!
All the best stores and great restaurants. Anthropologie, Apple, Tiffany, Fossil (with clothing), Urban Outfitters, etc.  PF Chang's, Ted's, Cantina Laredo (delicious margaritas), and more!  There's something for everyone.  There's even a Target, Publix, and Hallmark-everything you need.
The St Johns Town Center is fab-u-lous, I love watching more stores move in! The only negative is parking, I am hoping that they build a parking garage with all the new growth sooner than later.
This is a great place to shop and dine.  It has something for every price range - from TJ Max to White House Black Market!  There is ample free parking, so you can leave your coins at home.  When you're ready to drop, check out one of the restaurants.  Whether you're in the mood for sushi, steak, or comfort food; you're sure to find something to satisfy you!
I used to frequent the St. John's Town Center while living in Jacksonville for 8 years. It's grown a lot. It started with just a few stores and blossomed into having a wonderful variety of restaurants, upscale stores, nightclubs and specialty stores. I'd give it more stars but they lack security and safety measures! I shopped there during the Christmas season when my now 2 year old daughter was only 2 months old and I was walking across a street that had NO TRAFFIC LIGHTS, just stop signs (it's the one In-between McDonald's and the plaza with the shoe stores) target is directly in front of this road. There's a cross walk there which I was using and a car nearly hit me and the stroller with my newborn in it! I was mortified and shaking, the girl driving screamed Obscenities at me and said "get the F outta the road"- I was in the cross walk! What I think is missing is safety measures! Put in a damn light when you know pedestrians are frequenting these areas! Get a damn crossing guard! It's ridiculous and so many rude people make shopping horrendous. Too bad. If they had more security it would be better. It's lovely otherwise.
This new shopping destination is a wonderful addition to Jacksonville. New stores such as Sephora, White House Black Market, and Anthropologie are very welcome! Two of my faves are the Artsy Abode (get your Vera Bradley and other cute Southern gifts here) and Swoozie (yay for personalized stationary). It is easy to get to the Town Center for the most part. The traffic can get heavy at times but nothing horrid.
I spent more time trying to find a spot to park, than I did in the store I was visiting. This place has a lot of great stores and eateries, but the parking is a nightmare. Also, the kiddy trains are annoying and always in the way. There needs to be more stop lights, and less stop signs as well. There is seemingly no formal etiquette for driving around this mall. If you're not careful you'll find yourself stuck at a crosswalk watching Jacksonville's finest parade in front of you for minutes on end. There is no other way to get moving than to just push your way through and hope one of these mongoloids stops before you hit them. Like other reviews have mentioned, it's also a really bad idea to have an outdoor mall in a place as consistently hot, humid, and rainy as Jacksonville. Today was actually 75 and breezy, so it was my most enjoyable visit to the mall yet. The other 85% of the year, you can't get me anywhere near this place. Unless we're going to Cheesecake Factory.
The best mall ever. Literally every store ever, beautifully constructed, especially amazing at night and/or during the holidays. The absolute best place to holiday shop. Also a great array of restaurants.
A pleasant surprise in Jacksonville Florida, a nice semi-upscale mall. They have mostly the usual retail chain stores with a few others thrown in. But if you need a nice outdoor shopping experienc this is the only place to go in JAX..
This is one of the hottest places to be in Jax on the weekends.  It offers plenty of places to get lunch or dinner and has some great stores for guys like Dick's & the Apple store, a block away is Best Buy and the Golf Galaxy.  This upscale mall is owned by Simon Property Group which is a large real estate investment trust which owns up-scale malls all across the US.
After looking at the other reviews, and after a few trips to the St. Johns Town Center, I think it'd be safe to say  that this is THE shopping area in Jacksonville... Bye, bye, Avenues! One of the nicer things about the mall, is that it is an outdoor mall. Of course, living in Florida, that could be great or terrible. On nice spring / fall days, it's awesome to be able to walk outside and get some fresh air and go store to store. However, during the summer, where it rains almost DAILY, and the temperature with humidity gets ungodly hot, not so nice, but it does make it nicer to walk into a store to get in some A/C. The entire Town Center is MASSIVE. There are TONS of shops located all over the place, so you may need to do some driving, or a LOT of walking. Lots of great restaurants, including Whisky River, Cheesecake Factory, P.F. Changs, and more... Huge shopping centers like Costco and Target... HUGE Old Navy and Barnes and Noble... There's so many other stores, it's hard to name 'em all, but there's no way you can go shopping here and not find a place to like. Overall, this is a great place to shop, and is now my official go-to mall. I love the look of the place, very modern, very clean, very cool. The people shopping there are a great crowd, and there's a lot to see and do here. Definitely give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed, you could easily find lots of stores to shop and lots of restaurants to eat.
I would give it 10 stars if I could.. I  just love everything about this place!
Will do for Jax.
Absolutely THE place to go if you're in the 'ville. It has all the high-end stores (although it doesn't have the much anticipated and deserved Nordstroms that Jacksonville desperately needs) and is a great, walkable, outdoor mall. Full size retail stores, restaurants, fast food, a Target, a Barnes and Noble, and anything else you could possibly want. It's in a great, central location, but it does lose a star for inadequate parking...that is unless you drive a Lexus, for which they have free valet parking ;-)
I remember when the Town Center was first being built - it was so exciting! I really like how it has added to Jacksonville and the city's growth.  I first visited the 'mall' when there was just one outdoor strip of stores. It has grown into it's own part of town, with an eclectic mix of shopping and eating options. I'm always coming here a few times every time I visit. Personally - I like being able to drive to the different stores, dropping off your bags intermittently, instead of lugging everything through a mall.  I think I've been to the Avenues once in the past 2 years.
I've been coming to this mall since it opened in 2005 and I really like it when the weather is nice. The best time to go in my opinion is Christmas time because it's really beautiful and there's lights strung on the trees, it's also cold out, and there's so much more to do! Some of the people that come here though are downright obnoxious and you can find the majority of them in Hollister, Abercrombie, and sadly Urban Outfitters (I say sadly because Urban is an amazing store). There's a ton of high end stores here including Louis Vuitton and Tiffany & Co (Which actually isn't that impressive) along with Betsey Johnson, and Juicy Couture. Don't be fooled though, because there are also some lower priced stores like Forever 21. There's also a lot of great places to eat like the Cheesecake Factory and Magiano's. If you have to go to one mall in Jacksonville, go to the St. Johns.
Came in to Jacksonville to visit family and we did some shopping here. Wow this is a huge place and more than likely if you cime looking for an item you should be able to find it in one of the 100 stores and shops. The place is kept clean and safe. It was an enjoyable experience.
One of my favorite spots in Jacksonville !! Great shopping, a wide range of restaurants, and tons of people.
What can I say...I mean not say! This place is the SPOT! It has anything you can imagine... from restaurants to shopping you name it, it's here.  We come out at least 4 times a month to the Town Center and enjoy the ambiance, it's always full even on weekdays... it's just a happening place to be.
This is a very enjoyable outdoor mall for a nice, long day.  You get plenty of exercise, because it is SPREAD out and there is a lot to walk and see.  The atmosphere is nice, the grounds are well kept, and the people are generally nice.  There are a lot of unique shops you don't get otherwise around here, and some are very high end.  It's a fun place to window shop for sure.
Great mall! Finally Jacksonville has a nice mall with phase 2 expected to open October 2007, with (rumor) a Macy's. The mall is completely outdoors, and has great restaurants: PF Changs, Ted's Montana Grill, Cheesecake Factory.
great place to go and walk around! lots of stores and loss of walking. great places to eat too!
There are only a handful of small items still under any construction on the second phase of this mall, and it's definitely shaping up well.  This mall has been touted as the one to bring high-end retail to Jacksonville.  It has almost achieved that goal.  Phase one, which opened in the winter of 2005 contains what were at the time the nicest stores in Jacksonville, including Sephora; Lucky Brand Jeans; Buckle; White House | Black Market; all Limited Brands, Gap Brands, Abercrombie/Hollister brands, and American Eagle brands stores; and so forth.  Dining in the first phase included P.F. Chang's, Cheesecake Factory, Ted's Montana Grill, and Maggiano's Little Italy.  The second phase added more, higher-end restaurants including Capital Grille, Mitchell's, and Cafe Laredo as well as a number of higher-end stores.  It should be noted that Phase II effectively doubled the size of the mall and it is significantly higher-end.  The website would be your best bet for identifying the various stores(simon.com/mall/default.a…).  The only anchor there now is Dillard's.  I was originally hoping for a Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, Macy's, or anything, but to date, nothing of the sort has materialized.  I know, it's sad; Jacksonville really has no high-end department stores.  For those of you in Orlando, Atlanta, Miami, and beyond, count your blessings!  The thing that makes this mall really unique (and actually quite cool) is that it is completely outdoors, so it has a make-shift Soho, Manhattan vibe (not exactly, but close enough for Jacksonville; I've been in Soho--way cooler, I love New York).  I give it four stars primarily because it sweeps any competition within an hour's drive (probably more like two and a half hours' drive).  The bottom line: if you live in Jacksonville and are going shopping, this is where you need to be.  The Avenues is the closest second, and it doesn't hold a candle to the Town Center.
Has everything you need for all price points!  Busy but  too packed.....
excellent place to meet friens for dinner and drinks
