Love Grease Rags, it's a great little shop downtown right next to MOCA. Lots of fun t-shirts, pin-up dresses, shoes and accessories. Cindy is always getting new items in and switching up the selection. I've gotten some great clothes there from pants to dresses to t-shirts. We send people there all the time for pin-up wear and they carry our petticoats. Our stores compliment each other quite well! Great unique selection of rockabilly and retro wear!
Wonderful little shop for those into the punk and retro style.  I definitely know now where to shop for fellow Yeep friend Tess B. if I ever need to!  :D  My oldest daughter would absolutely go coocoo over this shop too.  The next time she's in town I am absolutely taking her here to shop! Even though I'm a bit too old (at least I feel like I am at 41) for the style of clothing they have here, I was very pleased to see they do sell plus sized dresses for us who aren't skinny.  These types of dresses can be hard to come by for the plus sized girl! Loved the shoe selection.  Saw several pair that I would love to own.  Unfortunately, I've had so many falls and knee problems in the last couple of years that hubby doesn't allow me to buy heels anymore.  Heck, he barely even allows me to look at them!  LOL If you are into the whole punk thing, definitely make it a point to go out of your way and head downtown to this cute little shop.  You won't regret it!
Can't say enough nice things about this place! Great dresses, lots of sizes, and reasonable prices.  I left with the prettiest dress i ever owned at a great price!  Seriously,  less than $60 for a great dress.   Defiantly worth a stop!
How awesome is Grease Rags? I love this little shop in Downtown. If your style leans to punk and rockabilly, this is the place for you! I'm head over heels for the dress selection and for Jacksonville having our own store that sells TUK creepers! Cindy also stocks some mens clothes, cute leggings and tops for ladies, as well as jewelry, shoes, hair accessories and purses.       Even if you're like me and need a few weeks to save up to get one of the awesome dresses, stop by and just chat with Cindy. She's a cool lady looking to bring some style to Downtown and it looks like she'll be starting up some cool events in the future too.
Great shop for unique pin up, rockabilly finds. And Cindy, the owner is such a doll.  She will help you with lots of tips!!
Super cool independent clothing, shoe and accessory store. Worth visiting for the stuffed "animals" on sale. Trust me. Some very cool shoes and striking outfits as well. This fun store is definitely helping lead the downtown J-ville renaissance. And you can pick up some delicious sweet n sea salty curry kettle corn next door.
A fun shop that has a unique collection of shoes, dresses, and jewelry. Thru also have plus size clothing too. The shop owner is very sweet. I always find something when I'm there.
Can I just win the lottery so I can take the whole store home with me already? ;) I love the style of this shop. They stock mostly retro, rockabilly, psychobilly type wear. They definitely have more women's stuff than men's, but do offer some shirts, shoes, and Dickie's brand pants for the gents. They also have a local line of personal care items, as well as accessories, shoes, and outfits galore for the ladies. The woman who runs the shop is charming, sweet, and genuine- with a shock of a pink pixie cut hairstyle. I felt very welcomed on my first visit and purchase (mens shoes for the hubby) here and will definitely be back for more in the future.
I first saw this store and instantly thought of a fellow yelper. We all know who I'm talking about too. The place is let's say unique to say the least. It does carry some stuff I can wear but mostly the retro crowd loves it here. A nice place but I just had to see what our buddy saw in this place.
