I love our Northside complex. Lots of businesses, restaurants, shopping & some entertainment. It was a very, very, very long time coming! It was talked about & some planning 20 yrs ago when I first moved here... Then I witnessed several failed start-ups so Praise the Lord it finally manifested! :) It continues to grow with development, outparcels, stores & even a brand new hospital under construction. It's not Town Center but that may be a good thing! It's location near the airport is awesome for the area & adds to the benefit & appeal. Part of the greater Northside Master plan development that also draws upward North FL & South GA residents this way.
I've heard people refer to this plaza as the Airport Town Center. This place isn't like the St.John's at all. But it's still pretty good... They have a bunch of larger stores like Lowe's, Michaels, Ross, etc but also some boutique stores. Also a movie theater and various restaurants. Not a bad place if you're up near the airport area.
This is one of the best places to spend an afternoon or evening in Jacksonville. Lots of shops,  some large chain stores like Walmart. Old Navy, Lowe's Office Max and Best Buy, some fun smaller shops. A beautiful movie theater,  plenty of places to get a meal or coffee or frozen yogurt,  Sticky Fingers Rib House, Logans Roadhouse, Boston's sports pub, Cracker Barrel, Panera, just to name a few. Plenty of parking and really nice people.
This place is so busy. It prettt much has everything i want except a Costco and a Target haha. I try to only go on weekdays considering the traffic gets bad on Saturday. Its so hard to drive around on the weekends its insane.
This place has been here for maybe 4-5 years now. Maybe less I'm old and I can make those kind of mistakes. They have everything from Wally World to a Gander Mtn. You have some chain restaurants but really nothing yet that pleases my palate. I have a hard time with chains. Driving around can be fun sometimes too. nothing like that other big new mall thingy. You can actually get in n out with some ease. So it is also really close to I-95 so if you are traveling you can zoom in and grab something and zoom out.
I really like this shopping plaza.. has everything a person could want and a very good variety.  Only thing I don't like is the way the place is laid out as far as the streets.  Tons of stop signs make things harder to get around some times. That is my only real complaint other then that I am sure there are plenty more visits in my future
I've seen this place grow for the last 3 years and it's booming right now. There are a ton of chain restaurants and shopping areas. Nothing to special, but enough to satisfy the northside folks that didn't have much a few years ago. The traffic is a pain in the ass now since there has been such a big business boom in this area. It's only going to get worse. No really complaints from me. I feel relatively safe as well coming through here all the time. Not a bad place if in the area to get a bite to eat or pick something up in the stores. Lots of options, but could be better. I'd like to see some indie and non-chain stores move in personally.
There are a lot of shopping options in this shopping center which is great.  The planners didn't do such a good job with the traffic flow however.  Maneuvering around here, especially during the busy lunch hour, can get hairy.   The center has everything from Walmart and Lowes to Maurice's and Panera Bread.  SO many stores to choose from!
There are lots of restaurants and shops to frequent here, but as other reviewers have mentioned, the parking lot traffic is a pain in the ass because of the way the lot is designed.  I'm just glad they have an Old Navy in this part of town so I don't have to drive way over to Regency when I am in town and want to shop.
Outdoor shopping center. For the area it's relatively nice. However certain points in the day it can get a bit ghetto and annoying driving around it. This is my one stop shop by my house as I can get electronics at best buy, get a cute outfit at Maurices and grab groceries. There's also a movie theatre. It does student and military discount. Also lots of food options around here.
River City Marketplace has definitely improved over the last few years. There's a wide variety of stores from Old Navy to Wal-Mart, from Fashion Bug to Pet Smart. And there's a movie theater. Most importantly to me is there's a Starbucks you can hang out in and not pay inflated airport prices while you wait for someone's plane to come in. And it has a drive thru. I wouldn't recommend driving through on your way out of town unless you can down your coffee before you get to security. The layout isn't the best in that it's not really built for strolling around like St. Johns Town Center, but it's definitely a move in the right direction.
Good assortment of shops located here.  I like that security patrols around.  It gets congested with traffic and people crossing. Watch yourself!
I really like this outdoor mall in the Northside. It not only features the usual mall stores and restaurants, but it also includes stores like Walmart, Bed Bath and Beyond, Best Buy, and Lowes. It reminds me of the St. John's Town Center but with a movie theater included. It has been a few years since River City Marketplace was built, but it's about time someone added something to do in the Northside.
Not a bad shopping center, but not the best either. Good selection of stores and eateries, but lost a star due to the convoluted & confusing parking. Seriously, this is a place just waiting for an accident to happen.
Best thing to happen to norrhside in a while but it still needs a bookstore!
I work there and eat and shop there several times a week!
