A city isn't worth visiting unless there's some kind of strange intersection with amazing magicalness built around it. For Jacksonville this place is five points. It's my go to location if I want to take a new friend or visitor somewhere neat, go antiquing, or just stroll around and people watch. It's home to a lot of my favorite places in Jax, such as Rain Dogs, sunray cinema, and Midnight Sun to name a few. Highly recommended place to visit.
Every city has a bohemian area. That's what I call it anyway. I place where all the cool, free, creative people meet.  This is that area in JAX. It has cute eating places, artsy places, spiritual shops.  Healthy food.  I like it and gravitate towards it because this is where things I like happen to be. Parking is a bitch.
I have always loved 5 Points and I always will.  It holds a very special place in my heart.  When I moved to Jacksonville 17 years ago (wow, it really doesn't seem like it's been that long ago), I lived my first 2 years here in Riverside.  I was in my early 20s and 5 Points was the place we hung out all the time.  Back then we'd lounge on the couches in the smoke shop for hours, we'd hit Club 5 every Saturday night for Saturday Night Seduction, me and my girlfriends would go hit all the cool shops for clothes and accessories.  I even had my tongue pierced at Caribbean Connection in 5 Points when it was still around (had it done on a whim too... and yes, it's still pieced, I just never put a stud in it anymore... although I could if I wanted to hehe).  It just seemed like we were there almost every day! I may not visit 5 Points as much as I did back in my younger days, but I still love it.  Many of the old shops I use to hang out in are gone now, but newer (and just as cool) shops have entered the old spaces.  You'll still find really cool and eclectic shops here with great clothes, shoes, and jewelry.  The old smoke shop is gone, but now there's New Leaf Vapor Company cause we're all trying to quite that nasty habit of smoking and switch to vaping.  I can't say I'm doing that great of a job at it, but hey, I'm trying!  You can take in a movie now at Sun Ray Cinema (which use to be Club 5), and now we have Hawkers (the hippest, coolest, most awesome new restaurant in all of Jax).   Parking here most of the time is a real bitch.  It can definitely be hard to find a place.  But be patient and you will.  Also, this is a place for walking around and taking it all in.  Walking from shop to shop.  So it's really no big deal if you have to park a couple of blocks away.
Five points about Five Points. FIVE - Parking can be a real bear. Or lion or tiger. Oh My! Sometimes you'll get lucky and find a spot right in front of where you're wanting to be a patron. Other times not so much, so you'll circle the blocks endlessly hoping something will open up until eventually you give up and decide to walk from several blocks away (or worse, throw in the towel). FOUR - Full variety of people. Young and old. Rich and not-so-rich. Drivers and bikers. Meanderers and marathon trainers. Short and tall. Thin and not-so-thin. People from all walks of life; you get the idea. THREE - Shops, restaurants, bars and other establishments to suit every mood you could possibly have on any given day. Crispy pork belly from Hawkers. Salt & vinegar chips from Black Sheep. A slice from Al's Pizza (or Sun Ray Cinema). A cup of tea from Cozy Tea. A dress for you and a bow tie for your pup. TWO - The heartbeat of Riverside. Riverside is one of the coolest neighborhoods in Jax (I even made a list about it: yelp.com/list/riverside-… ) and Five Points definitely helped it earn that rank. ONE - Absolutely positively not to be missed. Must see in Jacksonville.
First off 5 points is one of the most happening areas in Jax. You have a landmark in the light in the center. Then pure wow all around it. If you go south you have Black Sheep. You go east you have Tapa That. Around the former you have a string of goodness. From one of my favorite in Pizza Italian to the Sun Ray Cinema. If you continue north you come up to Hawkers and then you turn the corner for the newest with Corner Taco. You have fun things to do and see all over 5 points. So no matter which way you go there something to do or see or shop in  the Historic 5  Points.
What's not to like about 5 Points (other than the lack of parking and occasionally getting turned around b/c you're not familiar with the grid-like mapping of the streets)? There's always lots to do with walking distance of each other...restaurants, cool shops, dive bars and lots of locals....the list goes on and on.
A really neat place to walk and shop, grab a meal, have a drink and see a movie,
Come here, friends, to hang with the hipsters, artists, scenesters, bums, musicians, philosophers, bums, and hipsters! [Yes, I know I said hipsters and bums twice. There is a massive INFLUX of each.] I love 5 Points. This area of town is located inside the edgy, artistic historical neighborhood of Riverside, just off of Downtown. It is full of great, eclectic boutiques, antique stores, unique restaurants, a wide range of bars,an independent movie theater, independent grocery store [and massive chain next door], beautiful parks on either side, salons, cafe's... it has just about anything you could ever need and I wouldn't be surprised if some of its residents never leave the area. I, myself, live in the San Marco neighborhood, a five minute jaunt across the river, and I TRY never to leave the Riverside-Downtown-San Marco trifecta. Only occasionally do my efforts fail. The first Friday of every month is 5 Points' monthly First Friday Art Walk. It is a great time to check out some [fantastic] local art, hit up some of the neighborhood bars, and have a fun night out. My favorite spots are: Anomaly [Boutique] & Underbelly [Bar behind] Violet [Boutique] Wolfgang [Boutique] Clothing Warehouse [Vintage] Fans & Stoves [Antiques] Midnight Sun [Hippie/Spiritual/Bohemian] Birdies [Bar] Wall St. [Hole In The Wall - Bar] Hair Peace [Salon] O' Brothers [Pub] But beyond these places there is a ton to do. Lots of different kinds of restaurants from Pizza to Thai to Sushi. A great movie theater. An awesome DIVE DIVE DIVE bar.... I mean, the smoke will emanate out of your pores after two seconds in there. And the culture, the vibe, the people are just eclectic and artsy and INTERESTING. This is where the scene is. Where people go to be funky and free and fun.
I love the vibe of 5 points. It's like going to a mini version of hippie land Haight and Ashbury in San Francisco but with less bums around. It's a very walker-friendly area. I like the trendy funky shops and the cute murals and the underground hip hop venue Lomax Lounge where Dillon performs. Some of my favorite eateries are Cozy Tea, Al's Pizza, Mossfire Grill and Sake House. I also like the New Broadway Square that recently opened. Now all they need to do is add a funky costume shop and a few creperies and they're all set!
Lots of GREAT shops and an amazing place to crash your car because people can't understand the notion of staying to the right of the circle :D
