I'm closer to "I'm a fan" than "A-ok" on this one.  The Jacksonville Landing is the de facto focal point of downtown Jacksonville and is its face to the St. John's River. The Bank of America is the city's tallest tower and the historic Florida Theatre is one cool place, but it's not as if you can "hang out" at these places.  The Jacksonville Landing is indeed ideal for hanging out.  You can also go to the Landing to shop, eat, or just take in the surroundings, thought that doesn't pump money into the shops, the Landing, the city, and the state coffers.  The views back to downtown over the top of the Landing's buildings and across the river, with its bridges, are very nice. The Jacksonville Landing was the right thing to do.  Miami has Bayfront, Oakland has Jack London Square, Baltimore has the Inner Harbor, and Seattle has Pike Place Market.  These have been bigger successes.  Why the Landing has some vacancies or isn't as touted is not within my purview.  I don't fully know the economic base, demographics, and other factors affecting Jacksonville's downtown core.  However, as others have said, the Landing is an agreeable spot, right on the river and about a block away from the fare-free Skyway. Also, kudos to The Jacksonville Landing for having a resourceful information/tourist office located within.  Each time I've gone there, the employees have been cordial, welcoming, and had all sorts of information at their fingertips.  Lastly, the placement of the food court upstairs, and with views over the St. John's River, make for a space that breathes very well and provides a good atmosphere in which to have lunch or a snack.
It was definitely a place that was popping, but now it's just flopping. Went a couple weeks ago to watch a band play live and the place was damn near deserted . Most of the people watching were either homeless or to damn drunk to figure out that good music was being played. The place gets busy around the holidays. But that comes from the holiday rush, Christmas tree and the boat parade. I feel the renovation needs to happen to bring this place back to its glory days. It needs to happen as soon as possible. It will help with the renovation of downtown Jacksonville. With growing places like San Marco, Riverside, Avondale,  and the St Johns Town Center area, places like The Landing are being left behind.
Blah.  I remember it during its hay day, 2001 - 2005 when developers from out of town tried to help make Jacksonville grow..., well doers moving down town and using zoning laws to push poor people out (and then the city forgot all about you well doers)..I know there was more to it.... Anyway, it's still a nice place to relax.  Still has nice  restaurants (not counting the dwindling food court), if your a big country fan they have a club called Mavericks but i never been.   I can't wait for reggae Sundays on the big stage!  That has always been nice.
No comparison to the palm beach outlets. City place or boca mall. It was more like a swap shop. And too diversified.  Hillbillies to lil waynes. Most of the stores were closed down.
Hmm, it seems like a run-down mall.  I had such high hopes for this place, and I had some time to kill on a Thursday evening.  I got there about 515 only to find that 1/3 of the stores were closed, another 1/3 were out of business/going out of business and the remainder were void of customers.  The second flood had a large food court, but the only person eating there was one maintenance guy.   I'm not sure when people go here, perhaps later at night or earlier in the day, but I don't get why it exists given what I saw.  The only place hopping was the Hooters.
It's really sad how this place is getting ran into the ground. I came here today to just check out the Dragon Fest with my boyfriend and it was more exciting outside than inside. It just looks like it's slowly beginning to shutdown. I used to love coming here just to walk around, but now it's just really empty and sad looking. :(
This place is a sad place now. The first thing you notice is that the owners and city have not invested money, time, abd the people to keep the Landing as a place of entertainment for the city of Jacksonville.  The only thing that attracts people there is the St. John's River. What they need to do a total renovation of the complex, bring in new restaurants and stores that are going to attract people downtown, and make sure they keep the place clean and maintained.
I was here 4yrs ago.  Came through again Friday and there just seems to be little to no improvement.  Actually it's just nothing more than a run-down place that could be promising, provided some new investors give it a makeover.  I dunno, maybe it's better at night.  lol
As a lot of other people have said, the Landing used to be a lot more when I was a kid. I remember a lot more shops and just more. It seems that something is finally happening Downtown and there are many more options for food and entertainment. The lack of those things in the past may have been what made the Landing seem better than it was? Who knows. There are a couple of pretty good restaurants here (I recommend sticking with Fionn MacCools or the sushi restaurant) with great views of the river. Things get crazy here a few times a year (FL/GA, the Christmas tree lighting, 4th of July, etc) but most of the time it's pretty laidback. The Landing gives a few nice options if you're going to see a show at the TU Center and don't want to have to move your car or walk blocks and blocks. Other people have pretty much covered the basics. Parking can be a pain  (if it's a busy day, I usually just give in and pay), the selection isn't great, and it can be really empty (depending on when you visit) but if you're downtown, it's not the worst you can do.
I know The Landing isn't what it use to be, gets bad reviews, and gets talked about poorly by both locals and tourists.  But, it still holds a special place in my heart because when I moved here in the late 90s, my friends and I use to come here all the time.  Very fond memories.  Yes, many of the shops or gone, and many of the shops still here are boring, but I still have a good time every time I come here. I do agree that The Landing needs a facelift and needs some new shops and restaurants to move in.  I really hope that happens one day and The Landing can be a hoppin' place again. I love the Christmas Tree Lighting every year.  Granted, it's no tree like the one in NYC at Rockerfeller Center, but it's still pretty darn huge!  It's absolutely beautiful.  They always have concerts going on here and other activities for families.  This is also a great place for the 4th of July Fireworks. Hooters is still here and it's my favourite one in Jax because it is located here.  We like to come and sit outside the restaurant and have lunch or dinner and look out over the water at the beautiful view. There are still things to do here, so don't give up on The Landing just yet!  =)
If I could give this place a 0 I would. Dirty, rundown, most stores/restaurants vacant!  The sad part is downtown jax is beautiful. Bridges and the st. Johns river runs right through it. Help local govt.  Shad Khan?  Anybody?
Disclosure: This is from the perspective of a tourist with low expectations at 10pm on a weekday. We found it really easy to find parking at that time on the street. However, I could totally see it being difficult at other times. The area is picture perfect at night. You can take photos of the amazing Jacksonville skyline, in front of pretty Christmas lights, by the fountain, or in front of some sailboats. The food selection did seem kind of sparse, but our group just grabbed a few drinks and sat out by the water. That was a plus by the way. You can sit anywhere  outside in the landing on a beautiful night even if you have alcohol out.
The landing is a worthwhile stop if you're looking for a place to spend some time and money, or want to wander the river front. There are a decent amount of shops inside, even a small maritime museum. The food court has a decent number of selections, and there are more food places scattered around outside. I love the fountain in the middle, and to walk the waterfront. I'm glad that this 'mall' isn't as deserted as Regency, but I'd still love to see it pumped  up a little more. One thing that could be done to improve is free parking! Perhaps a kind of 'check in', where you prove a landing purchase you get your parking reimbursed upon return to the car lot? I've been in other cities that offered similar deals, and it really helped to kick up some business. Anyhow, Landing. You exist. You have Frugal Diva. I'll be back soon.
I could tell this attraction use to have potential NOT anymore.. I wouldn't go back. Half the stores are closed and the ones that are open are just blah.
This entire place is unorganized. The restaurants have terrible service and no one seems to know what they are doing. We came on a busy afternoon and were so frustrated after we left there. There was a big event in town and they didn't not plan for it ahead of time
The Landing is like the Little Engine that could. It's trying so hard to be the downtown destination, but with a lack of parking (other than on the street or paid lots), it's hard to convince people to come 'hang out' for a while. It's a mad house at certain times of year - namely FL/GA weekend - but at other times it's been completely dead. It's rare that I go to St. Johns Town Center and say "Wow, it's dead here today." The team behind the scenes is trying hard and they want to pull people in to stay a while. I just don't usually find myself itching to go here unless I'm in the area for another reason.
I love that Downtown Jacksonville is finally getting some of it's life back! The Landing was a great place for families to enjoy when I was little as I remember my parents bringing us down there for different occasions growing up, but it had kind of died a little when I was in my teenage years. Now it's nice to see that people are bringing there families back out to enjoy what beauty The Landing has to offer.
Ghettolicious!   We had a conference at the Hyatt down the block from here.  This was the only walking-distance place with restaurants so we decided to stop by here for lunch.   Restaurants were "meh":  Hooters (didn't go here but you know how Hooters goes), an Irish pub/restaurant (didn't go there), Chicago Pizza (Didn't go here, either.  As a Chicagoan, did not want to try "Chicago Pizza" made in Jacksonville, FL.  You know it's not going to be as good as the pizza back home.), a Mexican restaurant (not very good, by the way), a sushi restaurant (not very good either), a steak restaurant, a Nine West store, a crappy food court, a toy store, a nautical museum and some other no name stores. This is a dead area with crappy restaurants.  No thanks.   Downtown Jacksonville is the pits!  I hope we never have another conference in this city again! (PS: The people we've encountered in Jacksonville were super duper nice.  It's the city.  No culture, no good food, no arts/theatre, no good museums, etc.) Note: There's a water taxi that stops here.  For $3, you can take it to go across the river and see the Museum of Science and History.  (Museum is not much to look at either, but if you are dying for something to entertain you, you can do this during your conference downtime.)
It's easy to see how there once was a time when the Landing was a happening spot and the place to be in downtown Jacksonville. Sadly to say, it is not that place anymore. There are events on the weekends with live music or the habitual ArtWalk that helps liven up the Landing, but for the most part, that place (as a shopping destination) is a shadow of its former self. The easiest way to see my point is to walk upstairs to the second-floor food court. Unfortunately there are more empty restaurant booths than occupied ones. On the first floor, there is a business occupying every area, but I can't say those are highly sought-after businesses. They are mom-and-pop stores that I can't for the life of me figure out how they're making their rent payments. There are a few shiny spots to the Landing, including grabbing a beer at MacCool's or eating some buffalo wings at the Hooters overlooking the St. Johns River. But anyone who is from Jacksonville or has lived there long enough will tell you that it's time someone re-imagined the space that currenty holds the Landing.
I keep trying to give The Landing a chance. Having recently moved to Jax and can literally see The Landing from my balcony, I really want it to be that cool downtown place that I can patronize on the weekends (or even the week days).  Sadly though, it seems like they have just given up... They really need to hire me to consult with them on their concept development, event management and marketing plan! I stopped by there today, thinking that, especially with them having a restaurant named "Cinco De Mayo", there would be some spectacular Cinco De Mayo celebration going on there.  Sadly, the "big" crowd was dogs and their owners for some sort of doggie pageant or something (dogs running around in tutu's and dresses).  So after making my way through the dogs, I thought "well, surely the Cinco De Mayo restaurant will have something going on today.  Wrong again, we walked in and there was not one person in the dining room.  But we decided to give it a try anyway and we made our way through to the outside seating. When we got out there, the first table I saw had the wood actually peeling up on the top of the table.  Then the chair that I went to sit in literally fell apart in my hands.  The seat cushion was not even attached to the chair.  Even still, we were going to try the food, until I opened my menu and there was food smeared all over the menu.  So that was the last straw and we walked out. So, this tells me that The Landing does not have very high standards of their restaurant tenants and they are allowing them to further contribute to the bad image that The Landing has of people saying "it's old and run down".   And I'm not sure who they have coordinating their events but to not have a massive Cinco celebration going on the weekend of Cinco De Mayo... what a missed opportunity! Call me Tony, I want to help you!
It's ok. I can see the potential of the place. It seemed deserted of businesses and people. I just hope I was there on a bad night.
I've been to Jacksonville Landing about 3 or 4 times now. Every time I come here I have the expectation that something great is going to happen... and... it... never... does. Am I doing it wrong? There doesn't seem like there's much to do. I usually just wander around aimlessly. Generally as I'm walking around I see other confused people, and they too are aimlessly walking around trying to figure out how "to do" the Jacksonville Landing... thing. I've even tried to come when they're having special events. This last time I went down for the Fourth of July. There were EVEN MORE aimless people except some were on boats and most were drinking alcoholic beverages. The people who aren't just meandering are sometimes eating at the Meh-looking restaurants. Some of which have nice views of the river though. Other "non-aimless" are actually taking nice leisurely strolls along the river. Which brings me to the only item I've found here that is an obvious plus for JL... the River. It is pleasant to walk along the river and take in some different views of the city and bridges. Aaaaand... that's it. Im done.
A nice place for indoor and outdoor shopping with a variety of restaurants that offer riverside dining inside or out, for a wonderful dining experience.  Their center court is large enough to hold an entertainment stage with plenty of room for portable seating too.
Was surprised by the lack luster shops. I hope since downtown is trying to better itself this will improve. Beautiful view. Great potential here. Good to walk around on a nice day.
I feel like this place has so much potential but is under utilized. There are a few restaurants a club and some "touristy" type shops. They had a live concert going on in the stage area but it was so cold out that no one was really there. I have been to several larger events here and they were always nice. This place can really get packed out for the holidays and special events but I feel it is forgotten for day to day use. Parking is always a hassle but anything downtown has that issue. The parking garage is always an option but paying to park is no fun. After 7pm there is a flat rate $5 parking in the garage, probably goes higher for special events.
The Hooters is nice. The Koja sushi place isn't bad. It's the only mall type of place I've seen where they have bars AND a liquor store (that's also a bar) that let's you buy drinks to go. You can have a cocktail or beer while you walk around looking at stuff to buy. I heard they are thinking about tearing this whole thing down and rebuilding it for some reason. I doubt that'll happen though. This would be a cool place to hang out during a football game. They have an outdoor fountain that kids and pigeons seem to like to play in. I'm not sure it's all that sanitary, but you be the judge of that. It nice to sit outside on sunny warm days and eat lunch while all the yachts cruise by. Also parking sucks so don't say I didn't warn you.
Lots of great places to eat outside with a great view of the river. Parades and fireworks seem to be going on every few months with free concerts. Take advantage of them! Lots of community events that pop up weekly but not enough support from community to attend. This includes live bands, farmers market, Jax walking tour, trivia nights at the bars, Art Walk, and display shows on the water.
You know, honestly, it is hard for me to review The Jacksonville Landing.  On one hand, I have so many amazing memories at The Jacksonville Landing.  When I was a kid we used to come here as a family for Jacksonville's big events.  I saw many a Christmas tree lighting and my dance troop used to perform here a lot.  As a grown up, I have spent many a drunken night at Florida-Georgia, which is always a great time! Let's be real:  The Landing has really gone downhill.  The mall area is somewhat empty and sad.  There are a few newer restaurants and bars, which should add to the nightlife scene, but over all there isn't a lot here.  I really hope that The Landing can get reinvigorated.  There is so much potential here, but it just needs the right businesses.
As a first-timer to the Landing, my overall experience wasn't terrible. We arrived at the Landing a little after 8pm but were seriously surprised that 1) Everything was closed already (geez even in Tally you get to shop til 9) and 2)There wasn't a selection of shopper-friendly stores. The Nine West outlet wasn't impressive from the window, the Wet Seal bored me and there was some store that looked like it might have had cute stuff in it, but hey, they were closed. For a Saturday late afternoon/early evening, there was a band (blah) playing and intermittently they spinned a couple of tracks. Mainly old 70s and 80s hits, nothing to get up and dance for. Although the SEVEN family reunions who decided to come out this affair did get up and do the legendary bus-stop and the "cha cha slide". If a decent band (no genre preference needed for me) was upbeat and current, it would have been great. Who really wants to sit around and listen to a bunch of old timers croon old hits? The drinks outside of the bars tasted like dish soap which is why the rude bartender didn't get a tip. There was a host of seedy, shady characters out there. You'd have to be pretty keen on spotting out these types from either 1) living in the 'hood, 2) traveling to a large metropolitan city (read: Manhattan, Miami, L.A. or any other city where peddlers, hustlers and dealers attempt to interact with the "common folk". or 3) you're hip to the street life and know that these types prey on tourists and unassuming patrons. Nonetheless, to the naked eye, they blend in. We grabbed an appetizer at some Italian spot where the drinks were a tad pricey considering how they didn't give even a hint of a buzz. Yet, if you can grab a seat outside, you're separated by everyone by a little fence and can people-watch nicely. No cute guys, which is always a prerequisite to me enjoying myself in a new city while drinking. Unfortunately, I couldn't comment on the bar scene cause we didn't make it back after we left to go change clothes to attempt to frolic in our choice of bars and lounges right there at the Landing. Club Paris seemed to get ready to start hopping. A place called Mongo's was going to have a sophisticated night with live Jazz. Across the way Deep Blue was also attracting a "grown and sexy" crowd. Again, didn't have a chance to actually check out the club scene after 11pm (aka normal club hours) however, I did see quite a few sights that were downright disgusting. Apparently the women of ole J-ville are quite confident with their saggy guts protruding out of their shorts or too short shirts or they donned Lycra dresses that just weren't made for every body. Hey, man...confidence is key, right? So, overall, the place sucked now that I think of it. I only am giving it a 2 for the potential. Get it together, Jacksonville.
I don't know how to describe Jacksonville Landing. It.....it just feels sad. Like, if the building itself could talk, I feel like it would cry, and you'd have to offer it a tissue while it told you its sad, sad life story. The place was absolutely DEAD. Which was weird, because I was in Jacksonville on the night before/immediately after a pretty big convention and a show at the Florida Theater. I mean, it was a Tuesday night, but I've seen more action on a Tuesday night at a mall packed with overly-zealous preteens who are excited that their parents dropped them off at the movies by themselves for the first time than at Jacksonville Landing. I ate at the sushi restaurant, and that was pretty good, but everybody was sitting inside and it was a beautiful night! If I owned a business (especially a restaurant) in this "plaza" that operates on such incredible real estate right on the St. John's River, I would encourage my customers to dine outside. More importantly, I would encourage my customers to bring their friends, then dine outside. This place has SO much potential, and it is sad to see it so lifeless. I hope that there will be some new energy brought to it in the future.
Wow. In many ways the Landing is a lot like Faneuil Hall bars in Boston. 1. Barely legal drinking age 2. Half Naked ladies and goofball dooodes looking to hook up. 3. Bad pop/dance music. If Faneuil Hall allowed the patrons to drink outside amidst the bars, these two places would be the same.  That, and the folks at the Landing are hicks and the folks at Faneuil Hall are townies. Please note, don't fear the cops at the landing. They are everywhere, in groups of at least five... doesn't mean much since they don't seem to do anything. I suppose they're there to prevent large brawls (it does get packed) but, when there's no fighting there's nothing left for them to do but oogle and flirt. That all said, I don't plan on going back-- and not just because I live in New England. It's a place that should be experienced once, so you can learn you never want to see it again.
What a disappointment.  We were told to stop by here on a nice day and shop, eat and enjoy the views ... well the views were worth it.   There weren't many shops - and the ones that were open weren't really that exciting.  As for the restaurants, there wasn't really anything unique or special here - so we didn't stay for food. If you can find free parking, then stop by and walk along the water - if not - it might not be worth the parking fees.
The best part of the Landing are the art galleries inside. Bee Gallery and the one next door are pretty cool. There are several more art galleries sprinkled inside. Every Friday I like to check out the weekly Farmers Market. The landing has events like the Christmas Tree Light Show (we go see it every year) and the NYE Fireworks. Especially for the holidays, your little ones can get a Free picture with Santa which beats the expensive malls. Filipino Pride Day was featured here, as are other events throughout the year. One really kooky event was the Beach at the Landing, in which tons of sand was dumped in the courtyard. How funny! As for the food, besides An Apple a Day and Chicago Pizza, the other restaurants still collectively warrant only 2 stars. Also, as Orrie mentioned, the views of the river are spectacular, and this is where you can catch the water taxi.
What a dump! Don't waste your time. Unkept and many vacancies. Of the few stores that ARE there, a few of those were closed in the middle of the day. Run, don't walk away from this awful property!
Not much to see...Don't waste your time.  The place is pretty much vacant and run down and what was there wasn't even open (we were there on a Wed @ lunchtime).  It was pretty disappointing since it's right on the river in a great downtown location.
This place seems like it would be very "poppin" based on it's location and fact it is downtown, but it isn't. It was also probably a very bad idea to go during the day on a weekday too. The place was completely empty. There were a few restaurants that looked nice to eat at though. I went to get a latte downstairs while my sister got ice cream across from it and eekkk was service poor. Three different people were just standing around chatting until a fourth person walks in and notices me just standing around. I accidentally forgot to say iced for my latte and the chick sighed and looked super annoyed. I usually would have just drank it but I wasn't use to the 90 degree weather and was not about to consume a hot drink. I think this place would be great to go back at night and maybe dine outside at one of the restaurants. Great views but overall pretty bleh. Don't expect much.
Three words: This place sucks. Went there after the Florida and Georgia game and didn't like anything from the $10 cover on. I was told that there was a bunch of bars inside but it was basically a low quality mall courtyard. So it was just a bunch of people crowded in and it wasn't fun at all. Definitely blew my mind how weak it was.
The Landing is just that The Landing. It's old and tired with some good shops and some well shops. I go there for some gourmet vinegars and oils and that all. Today I went for the Food Truck Rally. It was a beautiful November Day warm with bright sun shine. The trucks were plentiful and had a ton of food. Thanks has to go out o Jax Truckies a for putting on another great event. I do like the fact that it's on the river.
The only thing I can compare this place to in South Florida is Bayside. I suppose my expectations may have effected my impression of the place.. when I read there were several bars I immediately thought of something like Riverfront in Fort Laurderdale so I got excited. My excitement died down when I entered the premesis and saw that it was a less active Bayside. I went there on a Saturday night with family and had never been to Jacksonville before.. I gave it an honest shot.. odered a drink from the outdoor bar opposite to the stage and walked around the whole place, listened the the band for a while, walked into the stores. Nothing really interesting, exciting, worth staying around for. The most interesting thing about this place is the awesome photo opportunity behind the stage on the boardwalk where the beautiful blue bridge is. Wont ever be back here again. Sorry Jacksonville.
I really hope the politician who signed off on this atrocity was voted out of office. A local Realtor told me that the city was banking on Paris Hilton opening up her club here, and when she bailed, The Landing never took off as planned. Seriously, you wasted taxpayer dollars on think bubbles coming from Paris Hilton!?!? Nevertheless, I checked into the Hyatt next door last Thursday, and I was ravenous. The bellhop told me to check out The Landing as there were a few restaurants & bars there. Ok, I started walking, and immediately noticed a Hooters. How original, I thought? Tourist trap awaits! The Landing really isn't that big, or significant. A few chain restaurants, a martini bar, mexican, italian, sushi & a few gift shops. Basically, it was littered with panhandlers that heavily outnumbered the paying patrons. Apparently, The Landing was a huge failure. I've seen similar ventures in other river cities, such as: Louisville, Cincinnati, etc. The difference is that it seemed to pay off in those cities. My opinion is that this place gets a good business from the Downtown lunch crowd. In all fairness, the view is nice and quaint, with a decent walkway along the river. If I were to return, it would only be for lunch.
I think this is a cool place to hang out even though locals seem to think it's not not so cool.  It reminds me of Tower City in Cleveland - how it was so hyped up when it opened and now people won't go there after dark. The Landings could use some higher quality restaurants, but the few places we ate were ok.  We'll definitely be back in the summer to check out some live bands.
Way too busy and only mediocre food. I had not been to the Landing in fifteen years, and I expected it to be better then it was them , but I was mistaken. Dirty! Dirty! Dirty!
Pretty cool landing area indeed. It has a lot of nice little eating spots/bars within seconds of each other. An outside stage which was playing reggae at the time I was there... FLIPPIN' AWESOME!! I think the inside part could have been cleaned up a bit but yeah, lots of nice little shops and eating spots on the water. Cant really say much bc i have only been here once and i am not from FL soo. yeah, but it was fun both in the day time and at night time (party time) hope you guys enjoy it
One Statement: Florida/Georgia game weekend! My friends and I have been here 2 times when we were in college and again just recently this past weekend. You will never know what the college experience is like until you see the passion of a football rivalry between these 2 schools....and especially at The Landings! The late, drunken madness of 1000+ fans all bewildered and stumbling after a chaotic game...does not get any better! Also an amazing time to reunite with college friends and fellow fans (of either school) Here is to re-living amazing college memories and more experiences to come!! Go Gators!!
A lot going on, good live music on the right nights.  Plenty of options for food and drink.  Hooters is the best choice - not just for the waitresses- you can sit out side near the water, hear the live music, drink decent beer, and watch sports all at once.   The crowd can leave a little to be desired, but it's still a fun hangout.
A ton of drunk people dancing to live music. Entertaining - yes. However, the restaurants and shops could stay open a bit later. Happy 4th :)
Not much to see at this place.  Most of the stores we closed that use to be there.
About to take the water taxi around...let's see where we end up...
Like me in my college years, this place is a waste of potential.  It's on prime, riverside property.  It's in a centralized location to most of the major businesses and hotels downtown, It's got a very walkable layout.  It used to be home to, like a bazillion martini bars and after-hours lounges.  Nowadays, all you can get is a cheap lunch, Jaguars and Gators memorabilia, air-brushed tourist t-shirts, and skank wear from the Body Shop.  The only time this place comes alive is during the Florida-Georgia weekend, but then you face the potential of having beer spilled on you and getting shanked.  Sad.
I didn't feel like the people I was surrounded by in Jax Landing were very intelligent.  A bunch of loud, low class people staring at each other in a packed and uneventful atmosphere to give themselves the illusion of meaning.  If you're not drinking, get drunk fast because you have to be drunk to really enjoy this place.  The only thing I liked is the free music and concert.  I didn't go into any of the restaurants so I can't comment on that.  I tried to go up to Maverick's, but I determined that a place the requires a sign to tell people to not wear wife-beaters, camo, or bandanas is the type of place that I wouldn't fit in to.  Maybe it's because I got an education.  I don't know.
Almost all the stores there have closed and went out of business since I have been back and the only thing that they have to rave about is Club Paris, a club that even the namesake does not have a part of!!  Only thing that stopped me from giving this one star was that it is on the waterfront
Poor security, dirty sidewalks, seedy people (sometimes), lousy food, lousy/expensive parking, cheap music, Twisted Martini is good, Hooter's is Hooters, and there is a nice Little toy store;  this place needs a new owner with new professional management, lease up at least 12 empty stores, and could be the hottest spot in all of Jax to maximize the great location, and be the #1 destination for most people here, or from out of town.  I will admit that the panhandlers all over the place are well dressed, and very polite!
I like The Landing for the free concerts, which included Grand Funk Railroad, Atlanta Rhythm Section, and jazz artists this year.  Otherwise, local bands, some of which are pretty darn good,  fill the bills on Thursday through Saturday nights.  The views are nice, day or night, and it's refreshing to walk along the river when it's hot.  Parking could be better, and the place needs a refurb.  Upscale shops would help the image.  There are special events all-year long, like speed boat races and poker runs, festivals, and bike nights.
This place was packed with a bunch of low class red-necks who were just drunk out of there mines. Other then that it's a nice place to hangout when there is no "free" concert going on and all the red necks reunite.
This place certainly did not live up the hype, but there were a few gems hidden within the rest of the otherwise bland strip mall.  The views of the river, fountains, and music were quite pleasant though.
Just as the two stars say, "Meh, I've experienced better."  That for sure is so accurate about this place.  It has a great location on the water, but no good restaurant choices and it looks like a ghost town.  If you can skip this venue, skip it.
One of my absolute favorite places to visit in this vast city of Jacksonville. While night life may be at an all town low in this city, Anyone looking for late night entertainment should choose The Landing as their initial spot, even if this isn't the venue you may be spending your night, The Landing lies right in the heart of local venues mere streets away, here lies a variety of local businesses such as Nine West, Riverfit Gym, and United States Post Office lunch locations such as Cinco De Mayo, Chicago Pizza and Hooters. For the night lifers, you'll be looking towards Mavericks and Rush Street which are located right in the heart of The Landing complete with an intimate view of the St Johns River. Whether day or night, there is always something to do. Very family friendly so Singles, couples looking for a relaxing evening, or even families looking to spending time with the kids, I highly recommend making a visit. 5/5 hands down
This place has suffered the same fate as most of these types of places like Riverwalk in Fort Lauderdale, Channelside in Tampa, and the likes. Most of the shops are closed down and the restaurants that they do have are just chains. Its too bad because the view here was great but just nothing at all going on and it was a Saturday night. I'd def go with a local bar a few blocks away in downtown Jax.
Like most attractions in Florida. "The Landing" is just another tourist trap. And I feel that most tourists would be thoroughly disappointed at this monstrosity of a venue. It offers horrible dinning options such as Hooters and Chicago Pizza Kitchen. A very trashy night club and a handful of shops that sell cheap but classic Florida tourism T-shirts. Jacksonville you are a great city please do something with this place!!!
Came here for a class, but I have been here before. I gave it an extra star for it's location on the river. They had some sort of street fair going on outside of the landing that appeared to be entertaining and their were tons of people, so if you are bored, it could be a place to check out.
I like the Landing. It has stuggled for years to survive. I am glad it's still here. I do have to admit Jax has a rash of homeless people all of a sudden. I like to eat at Hooters, American Cafe upstairs and I eat at the Sushi Rest. upstairs. My friend Dave plays with his band (Rock & Roll) every Sunday night. MY favorite place to go is Maverick's-where Paris's place used to be. Ladies go on Thursday nights You get in Free and drinks are FREE.
This place has so much potential.  It just feels run down, and all the vendors seem to be independent type flea market locations.
It's a sad, fairly deserted shopping area with mediocre chain restaurants.  Nice place to have a drink by the river.  They need to check bathrooms more frequently, there was no toilet paper!  At least parking was cheap, one dollar!
Beautiful views of Jax bridges. Right on the water so it sets the stage for some awesome pictures. Lots of families with kids, and at night they usually have live bands playing right in the center. The bars in the Landing usually have some pretty good drink specials. If you're looking for a lazy day on the water, but don't want to actually get in the water then the Landing is calling your name.
Great place as always.  Went for Donate Life Day, caught some great bands.
This place is dead ... I had some good expectations about this place, but honestly it failed to meet even a fraction of what I expected. Most of the restaurants are pathetic, except for one which I like - 'Apple a day' which is more of a take out sandwich/salad
Love the bars! Stones throw away from nice hotels...Just don't stay at omni it's not safe!
The Jacksonville Landing is a shopping and dining area on the riverfront in Downtown Jacksonville. It is definitely a tourist trap and full of seedy characters. The selection of shops were very average and I found about 3 that were open after 8. We had dinner at the American Cafe, which was very nice, but it was empty on a Friday night, which is a sign of how downhill the Landing has gone. My relatives in Jax commented that it wasn't as nice as it used to be. There was music playing, but the place was almost empty, so it wasn't received by many. It was good though. The biggest thing about the Landing is the riverfront location, which provides for a beautiful view of the Southside and further south along the river. The bridges were also in view, which was nice. Overall, unless your determined to go to a specific restaurant/bar at the Landing, I would head somewhere else to eat and shop. I heard St. Johns Town Center is really nice, even though there's no view (didn't make it there this trip, can't give you any firsthand experience)
The views of the river at The Landing are nice, but that's about it. A group of classmates and I walked around after class to go to Nine West. However, they closed at 8 (it was 8:15 p.m.). Most of the stores were already closed as well (it's Friday night, there's live music, and a decent sized crowd in the vicinity) and the ones that were still open were extremely overpriced. It's a good place to people watch, drink, and watch sports on the multiple large screens that are around, but that's pretty much it.
