I'm not really a mall person per se but I know what I like and OP mall is alright in my book. Outside of the mega department stores, there's nothing high fashion about it; don't expect to find anything more elite than Express and Abercrombie here lol But it really does meet all general needs of a mall in fair variety with a relatively simple layout: stores for nice clothes, jewelry, shoes, games, a ton of kiosks.................places to pamper yourself, places to specifically pamper someone else, plenty of places to eat and a decent sized AMC Theater with plenty of parking. During certain times of the year (sometimes random, sometimes expected for the holidays or change of season) there are fairs/festivals that take place in some of the larger parking lots. If that's not enough, it's conveniently located (depending on how you look at it) right in the middle of OP so that if you don't find anything you want/need at the mall, just drive up and down Wells Rd or Blanding and you're bound to find something. Now those who complain about traffic, teeny boppers off of their parent's leash on the weekends and limited parking, either stay home or lower your high and mighty expectations just a tad when coming here. It's a mall for pete's sake, so the weekends bring the most inconveniences. Name 1 mall in the country where Fri-Sun are the absolute best times to go (for those of us who've outgrown the mall being our Weekend Spot) Like I said though, maybe it's just me because I'm not a "mall person". If I find myself absolutely having to go....like when I need to get my Yankee Candle fix for example (don't judge!)...I try to go during the week while most are at work or within the first few opening hours on the weekend while most people are sleeping in; as with anything else in life, proper planning is key because this mall is right off of I-295. I also agree with Amy S; this mall isn't in the LEAST bit "ghetto"....I've never been to Regency Square but if you ever find yourself in Norfolk, VA and want to experience a ghetto mall, take a leisurely stroll on out to Military Circle and you will probably come back with less than you had. OP mall is by no means ritzy but "ghetto"? C'mon. It's clean, it's safe and it has variety. If you don't expect much more than that out of a mall (like I don't), then you will be content at OP.
This mall is not the worst nor the best you'll find around here. That said, if you live on this side of town, you often have to decide between this meh mall or driving between 30 minutes and an hour for superior options. This mall has one of the few Old Navys in Jax, which is what keeps me coming back regularly. My experience with service at this mall overall has always been pretty good. The store selection isn't awesome and the parking lot gets crazy around the holidays or when kids are out of school (the parking near the movie theater is always crazy, if you can park in another area and walk, do it). The food court is okay but after almost every place got shut down for failing health inspections a couple of years ago, I get nervous about eating there. There is no longer a coffee shop (there was one in the BooksAMillion for a while but it's long gone and a few people have tried to open small ones, all have closed). Lately stores seem to come and go and move around the mall constantly but the mall is small enough that you can hit most stores in a pretty short time period.
I love to shop & I love visiting new places I haven't been before, but OP Mall ranks near the bottom for me. It's definitely not 'ghetto', Regency will always hold that  crown. And if I lived in the OP area, I could see myself here more often, but I have to pass so many other shopping opportunities on my way to OP that it's just not worth the drive for me. I've been here several times over the years, but I still think the layout is awkward even though I know my way around. They definitely try to keep the stores filled, so there are always new stores to look at when walking through. Would I refuse to go here? No. Would I (personally) choose to go here? No.
I am really quite fond of the Orange Park mall.  As someone else mentioned in a previous review, the layout is quite awkward; however, if you shop there often, it becomes just as familiar as any other mall and no longer feels awkward. Except during the peak shopping season (black Friday through Christmas), you'll never have trouble finding parking here unless you're trying to park near the AMC theatre which is attached to the mall.  Even if you're here to see a movie, it's generally easier to park at the mall entrance near Dillards and walk directly through the mall to the AMC.  Keep in mind that the mall doors do close at 9pm, so if your movie will be getting out past that time, you'll have to walk all the way around the outside of the mall to get to your car if you park by Dillards.  So if you're seeing a late movie, make sure to park as close as you can to the AMC. They have all the stores you'd generally expect to find in your average mall, but there are no high-end stores here.  There's not even a Coach store in this mall (you'll have to go to the Avenues or Town Center for that). The food court is quite nice here and there are many different options.  I highly recommend Sarku Japan: yelp.com/biz/sarku-japan… Also, they have recently opened a Moe's in the food court with one of those totally amazing Coca-Cola Freestyle machines.  No matter where you eat int he food court, buy your drink from Moe's and you can keep coming back and refilling it the entire time you're at the mall.   Right smack dab in the middle of the food court you'll find the huge bungee jump for both kids and adults.  There is a fee though - a pretty high fee, if you ask me.  But it's still fun to watch people jumping: yelp.com/biz/bungee-jump… There's always security around, which is very nice.  It's wonderful to feel you are shopping in a safe environment.  Well, at least as safe as one can get in today's pretty twisted world!  The security guys can be a drag though because if they see you snapping photos (which I do often for Yelp purposes), they'll tell you quickly you aren't allowed to do that and instruct you to stop immediately.  So if you want to take a photo for Yelp of a business, take a look around and make sure there's not a security guard watching you.   I'm rather shocked one person gave this mall 1 star and referred to it as "ghetto."  If you want "ghetto," go check out Regency Square mall.  No, this mall is no St. John's Town Center and it is most certainly nothing like the Millenia Mall in Orlando, but it's still a nice mall.  I'd actually compare it to the Florida Mall in Orlando only smaller and with considerably less shops. I do love the fact there is a TGIFriday's attached to the mall directly across from the AMC theatre.  If you get out of a late movie and want to catch a bite, you can always count on TGIFridays to be open for you. To anyone in need of a wheelchair, you can borrow one free of charge from Guest Services.  You'll just need to leave your license or car keys with them and fill out a short form. All in all, I think it's a great mall, and for the most part, all of the shops have really friendly and helpful associates.  I'll continue to keep coming back again and again!
Not a bad mall. There aren't a lot of indoor great malls in the area so I appreciate it for what it is. It's handy to have the amc attached. There's plenty of parking but the roads around the mall suck to get in and out.
Great mall! Very nice selection of stores and restaurants! The only thing missing was Starbucks! Highly recommend the little jewelry boutique "Hot Pink" for the blingy girls like myself!!
Another mall, another mall review. The vacation has encountered spots of boredom and when this happens, I tend to seek out people watching places.  I mean shit, what the fuck can you do in Jacksonville in the middle of the week when its 97 degrees outside??? This mall has the 3 stores that compel me to give it 5 stars:  Cinnabon, Old Navy, and Chik Fil A.  The erectors of OPM were thinking of me when they built this place.....the Chik Fil A and Cinnabon are next to each other!
Went to see Santa tonight at OP Mall.  We entered the mall at the theater.  I have not visited this mall in years (last year we went to Regency for Santa, and Avenues the year before that -- so to keep with our "tradition" of finding another Santa "helper" to visit this year we went to OP). There was no signs indicating where Santa was, we asked two different kiosk vendors where he was; one knew and one did not, the first pointed and other just basically ignored my question.  I was trying real hard not to make a scene; we were having a nice, fun, family outing to see Santa Claus --- I wanted to shake that teen girl with the nose ring, but I just walked away, huffing under my breath!)  Anyway, we finally found him in front of JC Penney, now why didn't I ask which store he was in front of? before I went the wrong way? twice!  My husband was circling around the parking lot looking for a place and I phoned him to left him know where we were. Anyway --- this mall has not changed much in the 10 years since I used to go almost monthly.  Some new stores, some of the same old ones.  But one thing I found very bad for me, no benches to rest on (except one).  there was a nice grouping of chairs in a couple of places, but a long way from the side strip stores. Please mall people, if you read this --- please think about putting back in the benches; I would have enjoyed shopping and strolling with my family if I could have lingered a little and sat down to rest along the way. Santa was great, and surprise no line!  At 8:00 Friday night, we just walked right in and the kids had a nice long visit, and a good looking picture too. The kids and hubby visited a few stores, while I rested in a massage chair (only place I could find to sit) it may be comfy if you pay for a massage, but to linger in it, not so much.) We finished our mall visit with a walk through Books A Million, but the place was too warm, and I was needing fresh air fast, so we left to walk the three blocks to our car! If you live near by, visit, if not go somewhere else.
It desperately needs a Starbucks. I've never been to a mall that didn't have one and, as stupid as it sounds, it really threw me off. There's quite a selection of fast foods in the food court. It had all the usual favorites, plus a few not so common ones, at least for me. The shape of the mall is different and awkward for me. The stores in it aren't very ranged, but are decent. Seems the floor in common areas need some work. There's a train that'll get you where you need to go if you have a kid. If you use it without a kid.... well, honestly that's a bit creepy. Location is convenient for me, but I'd target all the different strip malls in the area first if the weather was good and I needed something specific.
Jacksonville has a lot of malls. That's probably a good thing, considering the size of this place. And technically, Orange Park is not in Jacksonville, but just on the border of the city limits [and I mean just, there is literally no way to know you are moving into a different city]. I haven't spent a ton of time at this mall. As a teenager I would occasionally go to the movie theater there if I had friends who insisted on it. Or, we would even more rarely go for some shopping. I lived in Arlington. This was like another world for me; at least a thirty minute drive. Nowadays, I would say that the Orange Park Mall has done a good job of maintaining it's mediocre status. It has never been the nicest mall, but it has never been a crappy mall, either. It offers some nice [generic mall] shopping, its pretty clean, and its big. I think one reason for it's continued success is its isolation. For people in the area, all of the other, more desirable malls are pretty far away. So, OP Mall's proximity to the Orange Park community is key. So, all in all... an okay place to shop. In my opinion, malls are secondary options for shopping as it is [I prefer more local, unique stores to malls], and when it comes to malls in the area I would definitely hit up the St. Johns Town Center or the Avenues before I came here. But for a mall, its not bad.
One of the reviews described this place as a average suburban shopping mall, disagree! This place has recently been renovated too? Damn that's sad. There's nothing to do in Jacksonville and I still wouldn't come back here. Tad bit further, head to Avenue mall instead. The only place this mall has that's good is probably the movie theater and the cotton-on. Oh and I've never seen a tattoo parlor in a mall before, that's a first for me.
Another mall to review.  What can I say I love to shop so whereever I go I have to check out the mall.  I stopped in to shop with my brother.  Pretty decent mall. Huge AMC theater at the entrance.  Typical department stores, typical food court which many food choices.  In the food court area it has a rocking climbing adventure for the kids. They have a train that takes guest around the mall. That is ok, but you have to get out of the way which is a bit annoying. My brother got what he needed and I walked our empty handed. Oh well.\, maybe next time.
A high school reunion every time I make a visit! If you are a local to the area this is pretty much your one stop shop to not only meeting new people, but reuniting with old friends. Very live and upbeat environment for anyone of all ages to enjoy, from upscale businesses to shop till you drop, all the way down to a train for children to ride around the mall on, as well as a trampoline located in the middle of the food court for all to enjoy. Quite the number of shops; maybe not as diverse as its sister malls Avenues and town center; but it gets the job done, always new shops filing in every year or so it's constantly improving, that's what keeps me going apart from being joined to the hip with an AMC24, but definitely the 3rd runner up with the other  2 malls located within Jacksonville/OrangePark. 4/5
Crowded
I was actually looking for the listing for the location at Roosevelt Square mall and it took me to regency. The Belk at Roosevelt has the best deals and surprise, when you get to the checkout it's usually even less!!
This is a fantastic Mall. There's something for everyone. Even if you don't like shopping you can enjoy the scenery & many places to sit & people watch.
GHETTO!  If you dont thnkit matters? Shop !  It matters!
Nice shopping mall super food court & AMC theater.  IMAX small screen compared to others
Orange Park Mall is just your average suburban shopping mall. It's located less than a mile south of 295 on Blanding. The stores are just your typical mall stores. Nothing really stood out to me. The only real standout was the Books a Million store. It's an average sized bookstore inside a mall, which was surprising to me. Personally, I prefer Borders or Barnes & Noble to Books a Million (we don't have any in Cleveland), but it's still nice to have a bookstore in the mall. The food court was your typical food court, same old department stores, nothing really special about the mall. There's an AMC theater and a Dick's Sporting Goods among the anchors. I will say, the mall was more attractive than I thought it would be (I had heard that Orange Park Mall was kinda ghetto, but the mall didn't strike me as ghetto, although I was there on a Monday morning). Overall, if you live in SW Jacksonville or Orange Park/NE Clay County, Orange Park Mall is a perfectly fine mall. However, it's not worth driving to from other parts of JAX or for a visit from out-of-towners like myself.
