I mainly shop here for organic spices and herbs, but love the selection of imported furniture and oils.
Midnight Sun is a great place to go and indulge your inner hippie. The smell of incense blasts you (in a good way) when you walk in the door, as you lay your eyes on a tie-dye color explosion of ALL the pretty things. Incense, clothing, jewelry, rocks and gems, candles, cute home accessories, Midnight Sun has them all. While I was browsing the clothing section, I overhead a couple talking about the properties of certain stones with an employee who was extremely knowledgeable on each stones properties, as well as how to cleanse them as well. (I used to collect them as well.) I picked up a really cute skirt this trip, and was really mesmerized by all of the fantastic jewelry and essential oils. I could really spend a good two hours in this store, getting lost in the smells and colors. I saw a few really amazing curtains in the back too.... just another reason to stop back in. Check out was friendly and fast. And hey had some really great clothing sales on the sidewalk outside too. Next time you are in Five Points, stop in and see for yourself.
Great place to find unique gifts, clothing, jewelry and accessories.  Really interesting items from all over the world,  many items are handcrafted and they even have hand carved furniture that is really well made. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and there is always something new to see. They also carry a wide range of jewelry and small gifts. It's a great place to go to search for a special gift for that person on your list that seems to have everything.
While the staff was very helpful with me finding what i needed, maybe i didnt wanna hear them discuss, in detail the michael brown murder, or worse, the graphic details of robin williams death - a hero of mine - while i shopped for 20 minutes. It is all i heard while i was in the store and was upsetting.
Earth gifts and incense, crystals, all things spiritual, furniture, clothing, jewelry, shoes, home decor & so much more!  You can find many interesting things to look at and buy for yourself or as gifts.  Love the smell right when you walk in and if I had all the money in the world, I would shop here religiously.  So happy to have found this place!  Super cool vibe.
I recently found this place by accident while walking around Five Points near Riverside Jacksonville. No sooner do you walk in and the delicious smell of incense immediately overcomes you and soothes you in a strange way. It is peaceful and relaxing as you walk around to see the different kind of stones and candles, dresses and wraps, incense and statues all beautifully placed throughout the store. There are two counters where you can approach an employee and ask questions about natural ways to cure anxiety to nightmares. I highly recommend going in and checking it out if you're into those kinds of things. Need a stone to help you sleep at night? They can show you which ones will help you get better juju in your home. Need to protect yourself from the bad vibes of an ex? They have protection candles and sage you can burn around the house to help you get rid of it. Need something light and colorful to walk around during a breezy, spring day? They can show you an array of pretty dresses. Embrace your inner hippie or flower child by coming here and learning a little bit about the nature of their products. Not only is it interesting information, but you actually get out of there feeling so much better than you did when you walked in.
If I could pick one store to outfit my entire life with, it would be Midnight Sun. From books to clothes to jewelry to furniture to tapestries and more, I love it. Every time that I walk in here, I just feel my bank account slipping away. The store is very big on offering items made with recycled materials, which I adore. They also hold events and group meetings such as a Tibetan Buddhist Study Group, a monthly Tarot class, and workshops and meet and greets with different authors who stop in from time to time. I definitely recommend Midnight Sun. While aimed at those of nature-based and Buddhist faiths, I think you could find a unique gift for anyone in your life in this store.
WHAAAT?!?! Favorite store in Jacksonville, hands down. I've seen it a million times, I knew I would love it, but I had no idea how much I would really love it. This is a freakin' hippie paradise. Sterling silver jewelry, incense, Deepak Chopra books, handmade soaps, shell chandeliers, fringy crop tops, need I go on? Midnight Sun offers a masterful mix of gifts, clothing, home decor, and anything else your little heady heart desires. I could outfit my entire life, house, and family here and still find more things I want to buy. The staff is genuine and really helpful with any questions about the merchandise, and there is A LOT of merchandise to ask about. Alas, I did not find the one thing that I've been trying to hunt down for a couple years now... a gold toe ring. Seems like it would be an easy find, I know, but it keeps eluding me! (Let me know if you see one anywhere, Yelpers!) Midnight Sun is a must-see in 5 Points, and a fabulous local shop to find your holiday gifts. Between the spiritual, the superstitious, and the just plain cool, there's bound to be something for that hard-to-buy for friend or family member on your list. Your crazy aunt, for instance, would love anything you find here. If you haven't checked out Midnight Sun yet, you're missing out.
Midnight Sun is a very special place. The reason I say so, is because if you looked at me, you would never in a million years guess it's one of my favorite stores, and maybe that's why I love it so much. Sure, there are tons of stores that offer worldly wares and decor, but the atmosphere of Midnight Sun is what sets it apart from everyone else. Every time I go in the store I'm greeted by the two clerks, and they are always glad to see me back, and thank me for returning. On top of that, they usually remember what I bought on my last trip and are quick to help me find it again or find something similar I'd like. I'm HOOKED on the Indian Temple Incense they sell, if you've shopped there recently you have probably been given a sample with your purchase. In addition to a wide variety of incense and scented oils, Midnight Sun is also home to a vast array of unique, and interested furniture and decor. You will be hardpressed to leave the store without something in your hands. I know I always am!
This store reminds me of my college town...Flagstaff, AZ!!  I felt like dreading out my hair and throwing all my razors away!   They had great world finds...cool jewelry, clothing, scarves, furniture.  The staff was so sweet and helped me pick out a great top...and then gave me 50% off.  I mean really! Go here.   Go. Here. Now.
I love this store! It is super eclectic, very bohemian, and a gold mine for all things funky and unique. A great place to go to find a gift for someone that is different and fun. They have an amazing selection of precious stone jewelry. It is like candy to my eyes. I usually get lost around the turquoise cases, eyeballing the large chunks of stone encased in silver. They have a ton of other stones though, in every shade. There is a huge selection, hundreds and hundreds of pieces at least, that are all very reasonably priced. They also have a wonderful selection of instruments [hand drums, shakers, etc], tarot cards, candles, incense, housewares, and literature on religions and spiritual matters. On the other side of the store are the clothes, mostly tie-died garments in the form of pants, dresses, tops, etc. They have amazing scarves and saris. Okay okay, not all the clothes are tie-died, but definitely in that vein of things. In the back of the shop is all the furniture. They have a lot of tables and chairs and some couches and what not. They also have a lot of statues and vases, big and small. This is a really fun place to peruse and pick up something unique for yourself, or someone you love.
Midnight Sun is a fun store to find some unique items!!  They carry everything from clothes to tarot cards to incense to books to all kinds of crazy stuff!!  If you want to spend some time shopping in 5 Points, you have to stop in here and check it out!!
Midnight Sun is an eclectic mix of Asian jewelry, furniture, arts and crafts, etc... The name is a little confusing since it used to sell jewelry from Scandinavian countries. I highly recommend going to Midnight Sun if you are looking for silver jewelry and/or semiprecious jewelry. It also is a really good place to buy gifts for people who have everything or like one of a kind pieces.
Excellent place to find things to buy on the internet for a tenth of the price!
Midnight Sun tops my list of "Coolest Store Ever".   My adult daughter and her boyfriend introduced me to it, and now I go there for than they do.  :)    Lots of unique items  from all over the world... loads of incense, funky jewelry, hippie clothing and accessories, natural soaps and so forth... I could spend a few hours in there just browsing and chatting with the super friends employees.  Their incense is the best priced I have found, and a nice selection of it too.  Love this store.  Please don't ever change a thing!
