I have been a big fan of this shop since it first opened.  They have tons of really neat items in this store from cute costume jewelry, items for your home, gifts, and Vera Bradley.  I'm not into Vera Bradley myself, but if you are, this is definitely a place you need to check out. As others have mentioned, most of the items in this store are very kitschy.  Items range from affordable to stupid expensive (like a $300 vase).   If I'm shopping for a gift for a female, I never fail to find something in this store.  it's also hard for me to walk in here and not find something that I want! The employees are so very helpful and friendly.  Always smiling.  That's so nice to see. If you are looking for something different and unusual for yourself or someone else, pop in here next time you are at The Town Centre.
My sister and I went in to find my aunt a birthday present because she absolutely loves weird and cute knick knacks. They sell bracelets, necklaces, purses and all sorts of cute stuff. We ended up deciding to buy my aunt a charm bracelet and the girl at the counter came over and helped us pull all sorts of different charms and told us the prices and the best part was that she was extremely patient! We ended up buying the charms without the chain because we didn't like their selection of chains but we were very happy with what we picked. I would say that this store is a bit on the pricey side. We paid about $50 for 5 charms. I also found that a lot of their things were really expensive but it definitely warrants a look see. And if I'm not mistaken they offer military discounts too! Check it out you just might find something you like.
Kitschy!!!!! This place is the definition of kitschy. If you looked up kitschy in the dictionary, a picture of this store would be next to it. Serious kitsch going on here, folks. First and foremost, they have the coolest [kitschy] butterfly bench made of greened bronze [so I assume] just outside their storefront. Inside, the store is full from HEAD TO TOE, FLOOR TO CEILING of kitsch. Sorry I keep saying that so much, but it has never been more true. You can find more than your share of hand painted picture frames, pens with feather poofs on top, wind chimes, sports memorabilia in the form of cat carriers.... it is truly a marvel of the mind. I am not trying to say that this place is not awesome... because in it's own very respectable way this place is awesome. I wouldn't go buying an entire rooms worth of stuff from here, but one or two pieces, strategically placed in your home, will bring it charm and cozy comfort that only kitschy pieces [you imagine the Class Mom from your kid's Second grade class would make] can bring. Also a good place to stock up on some Vera Bradley bags, mirrors, hand painted dining room tables, hand painted poker tables [because nothing is more serious than a hand painted poker table], hand painted silver ware... If you remember Frank Bielec from Trading Spaces, the lovable Santa Clause who turned rooms into sweet little hand-painted dreams, then this would probably be his favorite store.
LOVE THIS PLACE-there is one in the mall at Jacksonville but I really like the people at St John's Town Center.  It was the first Artsy Abode I had been to and I admit I like it best.  This place is filled with wonderful gifty items of all kinds.  There are Natural Life products, unusual clocks, Sticks Furniture, and my favorite....Alex & Ani jewelry. If you are looking for an unusual gift and you can get to this store, you will surely find something you love.
The category of Home &Garden isn't right for this store. They offer everything from decorative items for your home to children's toys, to speciality gifts to Vera Bradley. The vibe is very Florida preppy. The service is excellent here. When the new Ver Bradley prints came out, they called to let me know. I had purchase a VB purse for my mom for Christmas which added me to their client list.
This is, by far, my favorite store at the town center. Not really a place for men, but your wife/girlfriend would love anything from this store. Speciality gifts, eccentric home decor, PANDORA, Vera Bradley- what's not to love? I buy all of my pandora and vera bradley here. The sales staff is super nice/helpful. I love to just go in and see what new interesting things they have-especially costume jewelry! I could spend tons of money in this store. I love it! If you have never been, you must check it out!
Located in the St. Johns Town Center, Artsy Abode is your place to shop if you're looking for kitschy type jewelry, crafts, or if you're looking for Vera Bradley bags and accessories. Definitely not my type of store, but since I was shopping with my girlfriend, this was a stop for both of us, like it or not. First thing I noticed was the large amount of Florida Gators jewelry and merchandise. A few different t-shirts, hats, games, but tons of homemade jewelry, from necklaces and bracelets to earrings, in tons of different styles, from beads to jewels to nuts. Also tons of different jewelry located throughout the store, all very arts and crafts type stuff. My girlfriend located many different items she wanted to purchase, and the place was PACKED with lots of folks all looking at the various types of goods. Most prominent is the Vera Bradley selection. Very impressive selection in the back of the store with lots of different styles and designs. Also noticed they got in the new designs very quickly, and offer a service where they will contact you if they get new stuff in, so you can be one of the first to get it. Also cool- when you check out, they offer up a chance to join a frequent buyer club where you get 10% off your purchase right then and there, and they email you with lots of other deals and information. Very friendly and helpful staff, cool selection, overall a nice little store. Not my type of place, although I know if I'm looking for Vera Bradley or something cool for my girl, this is the place to shop!
Man these people are horrible when it comes to customer follow up and fulfilling promises. We bought two charm bracelets from their pandora kiosk and we were eligible to receive a free pink leather bracelet for breast cancer awareness month. This was on 10/06/12. The sales lady told us that they were currently out of the pink leather bracelet but she would call us and tell us when she ships it out since we currently live in Atlanta. She promised us that it will be available to ship out two days from that day but we were hesitant to purchase and wait on a bracelet to come in but she insisted that it will be fine. So we went ahead and finished the transaction for the two charms and decided to wait for the bracelet to ship. It has been two weeks later and we still have not received a call or the bracelet. A call to me would of been appreciated to keep us updated on the issue but we were totally neglected. We finally received the bracelet on the 24th after a call was made on the 22nd. I honestly think we were forgotten. Anyways, I won't be buying from these people again especially when a free item could of been bought somewhere else and my girl could of been wearing it for breast cancer awareness month.
