My favorite clothing store in Jax!  Plenty of small sizes, hip clothing, fun shoes and bags..and the owners, Tom and Gunnel are delightful!
This store contains so much fabulousness, but...! I've made one purchase here, a skirt- made in the USA on CLEARANCE for about $40. If that doesn't tell you how steep the prices are here, I don't know what will. I feel fine spending this type of money on occasion for a well crafted, made in the US item- but much of the store (from my searching about the racks) is in reality pieces from overseas, and overpriced. A quick google search would reveal this. The owner is a character, older lady- with wild pink hair and wearer of bright colors. She seemed sweet, but a little aloof. I wonder if had I been dressed differently, I would have not been treated as well... but I digress. Worth a look-see, especially if you want to make a pamper yourself type purchase and have a wild style.
This shop is one of my personal favorites. The store owner is so nice and the store is full of cool pieces. I love her Tarina Tarantino jewelry!
I give this place three stars for it's location, fun merchandise, and the fact that it's locally owned. I won't go back because I can't afford anything there. I must look like I can't afford it, either, because the three times I have stopped in here, no one has so much as said hello. Others have come in behind me and received warm greetings, offers to help find things, and info about sales. This happens once, I can chalk it up to an accident or my being overly sensitive. Twice, then maybe someone had a bad day. But three times? Sigh. There goes your yelp review! Seems like other yelpers like shopping here and that's awesome. I'm always going to support local businesses. I doubt it will ever happen, but, should I one day hit the lottery, I plan to walk in and say, "Do you work on commission? Big mistake. Huge!" in true Pretty Woman style.
At today's Edge City, you'll find frilly, flirty dresses from Dollhouse, Vivienne Tam and Betsey Johnson, and brightly colored European offerings from Barcelona-based Desigual. Beautifully curated glass cases display sparkly Tarina Tarintino jewelry, Espe wallets and bags, bejeweled hair bands and combs, and funkalicious sunglasses. The atmosphere is vibrant and trendy and warm. However, nothing captures the store's personality better than the owners themselves. Gunnel's neon pink hair is a familiar sight around Riverside, and Tom's puppy-eyed features belie a wonderfully droll sense of humor. As active voices in the community and avid patrons of the arts, it's also no surprise the couple are dedicated GoLOers. (Neither has ever stepped foot inside a Wal-Mart, Target or K-Mart. As Gunnel told a reporter, "Who needs a big box when my neighborhood supplies all my needs?") It's Gunnel's eclectic personal style that has kept the store on the cutting edge, and Tom's willingness to take leaps of faith that has kept the doors open. But after nearly four decades in business, what this couple has built at 1017 Park Street is so much more than a retail establishment: Edge City is a bona fide institution. This 5 Points landmark doesn't just serve its funky, creative neighborhood--it personifies it.
This store carries really nice clothes but I would need two extra jobs to put anything in my price range.
Edge City has been a part of Jacksonville's cultural, hipster, artistic scene since before I was born. It is a landmark in this city and people have been finding ways to express themselves through their fashions for many many generations. What you can find in Edge City are: 1) Great, eclectic, fashionable clothing from such notorious brands as Dollhouse, Betsy Johnson [before there was the BJ store at the Town Center], Vivianne Tam, just to name a few. 2) Awesome BAGS. I mean awesome. Interesting, but still functional. You can find anything from a clutch to a pseudo backpack. 3) Jewelry jewelry jewelry. Tarina Tarantino is a regular find here, and most of the jewelry is brightly colored, full of fake gems bedazzling every inch. Their hair clips are unmatched in all of Jacksonville. 4) Great sunglasses. Located in the front of the small boutique in a display case, you have to get the owners to open it for you and they do a great job of helping you pick out your favorite pair. 5) Great customer service. Gunnel and Tom, the owners, still work in the store every day and love interacting with the customers. Gunnel has the most amazing sense of style and Tom is one of the sweetest men you will ever meet. It's worth going to just to meet this amazing duo! This store epitomizes the Jacksonville spirit. It used to be that this was the only place to get some of the world's best fashions, but as Jacksonville grows, so do its fashion forward offerings. However, Edge City is not just a great place to do some shopping, it's really just an experience. I definitely recommend this to everyone!
I cannot believe that Edge City is still around! I used to shop there in 1984 buying Mao Tse-Tung style jackets and berets and those German satchels that were popular in the day. Now I see according to Amanda S. that they are selling Betsy Johnson. Not so different. But I would have thought they'd go with Vivenne Westwood...
I love that this store has been around for so long - the true anchor of Five Points. However, I miss the more accessible staple items they carried years ago (cheap china doll shoes and basic tees). I think the store is fabulous, but the merchandise is too trendy, and there are no options really for unisex or men. That said, the owners are great and have been terrific champions of Riverside.
A cute little boutique shop in Five Points owned by some of the creations designer, Gunnel.  Very hip and trendy, only thing is the price but to be expected when she has Betsey Johnson in stock.
Edge City is a true Jacksonville hipster relic. While Five Points has grown up and cleaned up, so has Edge City to some extent; there is more Betsy Johnson than ever before, and the clothing is still cutting-edge-trendy as far as Jacksonville goes and priced accordingly. It is great to be able to go to a store and find true metropolitan disdain from proprietors, but in the middle of Jacksonville.
I've been shopping here for years and years. It's pricey. If you're in college or on an allowance, then you're most likely going to buy the fun sun glasses or cute accessories they've got in the bowls by the register. They carry Betsey Johnson, Tarina Tarantino, Gunnel's own stuff, and more. Shoes, handbags, accessories, dresses, and designer ready wears. Fun shop when you're feeling spendy.
