Was here for Rockville and World of Nations. It's a great space with access from the water and the street. I love the activities set up here. I've never gone without an event happening, but I'm sure it's great for picnics by the water or whatnot. If an event is held here, I'd highly recommend it. Even with the amount of people showing up, the restrooms stay decently clean.
Let's hope they never close this place down or stop using it for music venue. (Those nay-sayers need to move to somewhere else more quiet if that's what they want!) I have seen so many concerts here, including my very first one at age 7 -- Debbie Gibson!  And the latest one -- The Big Ticket with 30 Seconds to Mars and Stone Temple Pilots with Chester Bennington. Other concerts I saw here include last year's Big Ticket, this year's Rockville, Come Together Day from 1997 or so, a christian concert I saw when I was in my teens, etc. Music is such a uniting force of populations. I think the city of Jacksonville could use as much uniting as it can get. Other than music concerts, there are many festivals that take place here, namely the World of Nations. It's a spacious open-air venue with a main stage for the performances with a giant lawn. There are bathroom facilities, a little playground, several seating areas, and plenty of room for vendors to set up their tents. It borders the St Johns River, so you get great views of the river as well. This is one of the best venues that this town has to offer, so let's keep it that way!
Metro Park is a spacious outdoor park and music venue centrally located in Downtown Jacksonville. Oh, and it's real pretty! Situated along the St. Johns river, Met Park is a great place to watch the sunset over the Jacksonville skyline, or pack a lunch to enjoy at one of their picnic tables with a view. All of the events I've attended here have been very well-planned, with plenty of beer, food, and great sound quality. The last time I was here was for the Community First Natural Life Festival, which was a family-friendly (no beer!) music fest sponsored by the Natural Life clothing and accessory brand. This event was SO stinkin' cute! Food trucks, arts and crafts, and tons of activities for the kiddies. I could totally see myself being a hippie-fabulous parent bringing my little long-haired children down to play at this fest. Metro Park provided the perfect setting for this event, and I can't wait for the next soiree here!
This park host many many things from the Jazz Fest to This weekends World of Nations. It is always in pretty good shape to. I just wish it didn't rain all day on us while we all hung out under a very wet Yelpie Tent.
I came here for Welcome to Rockville back in April of 2014 and this was the best experience of my life. I had so much fun at this event and Metropolitan Park made it even better. Parking was super easy, we parked right outside the venue and proceeded to wait on line to enter the park. We waited on line for what seemed like forever, I'd say about 45 minutes, security folks doing their thing and checking everyone for contraband. Once we entered the park we were enamored by how huge it was! So many food venues and all the stages (there were about 3) Not only to mention that it was a magnificent view of the Jacksonville skyline. The only downside was the food vendors weren't all that good and there was not enough seats. Next year I'm going to bring some benches and not to mention sunscreen! We're still in Florida and that sun is a beast! I can not wait to come back to Jacksonville for Rockville 2014!
Great venue for an all day outdoor concert!!
Went here to see "The Big Ticket" concert which featured a TON of bands - Imagine Dragons, Grouplove, Joy Formidable, Anberlin, 21 Pilots, Flogging Molly, Of Monsters and Men, Fun., Bush and Rise Against (and a few others can't remember right now...) Anyways the Park is really cool, lots of open ground and great scenery, right against the water. Sound was good for an amphitheater and you could see the stage pretty well from all over. And as for this concert they had plenty of beer tents available, no waiting so in my opinion they had good planning and set up for the crowd. I would definitely go see another show here.
An excellent venue for an outdoor music festival
