If you're in Jacksonville, and are looking for a good place to climb, you've found it! CLIMB HERE!
Hosted my 13 yr. old son's birthday here and it was GREAT! Really helpful staff made everyone feel competent- The kids had a fantastic workout, and the competitive ones took turns racing each other up the walls. The staff was available to help the whole time, the party room was a nice size for our group and we had it the whole 2 hrs. And kudos to Edge Rock and Papa Johns for their collaboration in offering a great pizza party delivery deal. Again, highly recommended and fantastic staff! Sorry, but I had to take off one star for smell!
The Edge: an amazing place for breaking a sweat, solo or in a group! It's indoor rock climbing... heck yes!! Gone are the days when you cringe at movies or commercials with people climbing up real cliffs, with life-threatening heights D: The greatest thing about indoor climbing? Auto-belays. And auto-belay in my own words is a pulley that fully attaches to your harness and is activated by changes in your weight. Basically: when you want to move, it moves with you, and in the direction you intend. I'll admit: I was SO SCARED the very first time I let go of my auto-belay from the top of one of the courses and just kinda hopped downward. However, auto-belays are very reliable and even work well with small children (from about 5 years onward, depending on weight). If you're a control freak... prepare yourself before an outing at The Edge. The Edge also offers regular belays as well as BOULDERING. Yes, for those crazy people who climb rocks without a harness AT ALL. Those with no finger strength need not try (myself included). It's pretty cheap for a day pass (average about $15 a person with shoes). All new patrons have to watch an informational video a couple times before they go out on the courses, for which they give you a punch card, after which you can just pay and climb. They also offer monthly memberships at awesome rates which are all on their website. I'm considering one myself. There's also a small gym attached to the lobby on the other side. You can get a membership for just the gym, just the Edge, or both. Very reasonable rates. One of my favorite places in Jax.
Indoor rock climbing?!? Why not?!? Monday night is ladies night, you get in and a harness for $10... Not bad at all! I did not rent shoes but I think I will next time, they are supposed to be more snug to your feet to help you grip the smaller footholds. The gym itself smells like wet dog/sweaty sneakers and the mats seen like they are falling apart but the rock walls and harnesses worked well. There wasn't really any instruction other than a quick tutorial video they make you watch but it was enough to get you climbing. A bit more direction would have been nice. Overall a very unique and fun experience, I would definitely visit again!
If your in Jacksonville this is a really fun place. Everyone is really nice. It wasn't crowded when I went which was a Monday around 12. I recommend!!!
Have you tried indoor rock climbing? You should! Day starts with signing your life away - pay a small fee, then watch a 5 minute video. Plenty of useful information. Learn how to clip yourself to the rope, how to properly put on harness, and what the numbers on the tags mean. While I watched my video I hear a girl have a full blown break down "I saw my life flashing before my eyes!" (She was scared of heights.) Oscar worthy stuff folks. I'm so easily distracted I miss important notes in the video. Thankfully I was here with a friend that's more alert. There is so much space. Walls covered in colored paths that are just waiting to be climbed. Monday is Ladies Night so for  $10 plus tax you can climb for hours. It's a great workouts. First time climbers remember to use your legs. Some how I forgot.
My fiance' (before she was my fiance') and I snagged a Groupon for The Edge Rock Gym a number of months back.  Thought it would be a fun little date night and it most definitely was!   The staff was friendly and seemed to really enjoy their job which is something you don't always see.  We signed the appropriate waivers, put on our harnesses, went through the training scenarios with the instructor and we're on our way.  We had a lot of fun.  It was good workout and made for a good mid-week date night.  The facility was clean and the staff attentive.  Definitely worth checking out.
This is the only place I will ever climb again!  If I had to choose between bouldering in Fontainebleau, free water soloing in Majorca, and the edge rock gym, I would be so stoked that I didn't have to go to France or Spain.
The edge is a pretty cool rock gym. Some of my friends and I signed up for the intro class a few weeks back and it was a good deal. For 25 bucks you get everything you need to start off, harness, shoes, chalk, and their top rope belay instruction. One of their staff spent about a hour with us teaching us how to tie knots and belay properly. Once he was sure we had it down we were free to climb any of the routes available. We ended up spending almost 3 hours here we enjoyed it so much. If you've never climbed before I def recommend the intro package, the staff was nice and friendly and its a great way to get into climbing.
