I really like this place! I mean, it's no Dave and Buster's... but we come here each year for the Shipwreck Island Water Park!!  Love it!  I actually conquered my fear of heights here this summer! We had a blast and will be coming back again next year. Tip: You get discounts on the Water Park with your Winn Dixie card! Check the website for coupons!
My son and I went to ship wreck island off a groupon deal and we had a blast. My only issue was the locker room.  Im not sure why they have the main one so far away from the lockers and the showers were gross.  I wish they had an outdoor shower vs those water squirts only fit for children to rinse off with. But no issues really.  Definitely will go back.
"Ooohhh... come play with us!" Creepy tag line in their advertising? Yup. Angsty teenage staff? You betcha. Overpriced? This place ain't a super cheap date. Never-updated interior... you be the judge, haha. Arcade, laser tag, go karts, mini golf, kids' coaster, water park, baby gators, oh my! Growing up in Jax, Adventure Landing is a hard entertainment venue to avoid. It's great for kids, and there are ALWAYS coupons in the Mint Mag and Money Pages. Always. The water park during the summer is awesome (beats driving to Orlando, Valdosta or Jekyll Island). That being said, expect the place to be overrun with little ones during the daytime. The arcade isn't bad. They've got a good selection of kids' games and more complicated ones, as well as FPS's and such. There's a "mini bowling" area that's okay. Games eat your tokens or break down at least once during your visit, but they'll reimburse the tokens for you. Haven't done laser tag at this location, can't attest to that. I will say, though... DON'T ice skate here during their Winter Fest. The "rink" is always sooo small, and poorly constructed. A skating rink of any kind should be FLAT, not hilly. Ugh. Go to Jax Ice & Sportsplex for ice skating. Waste of money, especially when one of the rules is no speedskating and these 4 greasy teenagers were doing it the whole time, even putting other skaters in danger, and the AL attendant didn't say a word, probably because he was a greasy teenager himself. Overall, I like Adventure Landing. Take it or leave it, it's probably not going anywhere anytime soon. Still a great place for the "kids at heart" to let off a little steam. Skee Ball ("Ice Ball" here) forever!
Food wasn't great. Some of the games and rides were out of order. However the kids still had fun and the employees were awesome!
I'm beating myself up for not having gone here more times than now, but Adventure Landing just comes off as the place you need to go with a child and I don't have any just yet. It feels weird just going as a grown couple of adults. But I went recently and had just a wonderful time. I drove the go karts, played Laser tag and did other stuff. Part of me feels like there are some go karts there that are faster than others, which isn't fair, but whatever. Also, please note that Laser tag isn't fun unless there's a huge group with you - at least 6 or 7. I didn't go over to the water park side of the complex, but I must say the long lines for the water slide didn't exactly make me feel like I was missing something epic. Most of the line was little kids too, so I reallly didn't care much about going over there. I have no idea how the food is there, but we did play a few arcade games indoors and that was fun in a Dave and Buster's type of way. Overall, I think someone would have much more fun at Adventure Landing with a group of children.
Lots of deals to be found at local spots and magazines, such as bogo admission, cheaper deals for entry to Shipwreck Island and mini golf. They offer deals almost every day inside the place too, posted on a whiteboard inside the arcade. Shipwreck Island- I've not seen too terrible of crowds, and the water is a good temperature. Colder on the slides, lazy river, and kids area, warm in the wave pool/little kids area. Solid place to have fun, could use some minor improvement. 1) "Shower before using water park" signs posted, but the bathrooms/change rooms are gross and I've never been able to find a shower! Um... 2) I've never seen the Cantina open, and they don't offer many vegetarian or pork free options at their food stands. :( Bonus for offering blue bell ice cream, though! Yum. 3) I still don't understand why people wear their underwear under their swim suits. I've seen more hanes and calvin klein waist bands on boys and men than I care to think about. Yuck. S'okay. Definitely more geared towards kids than adults, but that's okay.
I've been playing at this mini golf course since I was a little girl and it's never changed, or been upgraded. There are two courses to choose from, which adds a little excitement. During the summertime parents swear by the water park. It keeps the kids entertained and the parents relaxed. There are plenty of life guards around and it is a very secure area. The arcade could use a little updating, several of the games are out of order, and the air hockey table has taken a beating, but all in all it's a traditional arcade. The laser tag is a skip for me. It's a small room and not really made for anyone over ten, so don't plan your 16 year olds birthday around their laser tag. The build a bear section.... I've never even seen anyone in line or manning it..... I'd just go to build a bear and skip this one. The cafe has nothing nutritional on the menu... So it's perfect for a day of fun. It's movie theater pricing so be cautious when you hand the kids five bucks and they come back with a small coke. NOW MY FAVORITE PART. The candy shop is very very tiny right when you walk in, but man it is crammed full of treats and all things delicious. The candy store has off the wall candies that you can't usually get in a gas station or publix. It's worth a stop in just for that. Ps: the Mint Magazine always has coupons for the shipwreck park all summer! ENJOY
I love any excuse to get out Jax Beach way!  And Adventure Landing has got a myriad of fun things to do to monopolize a lazy afternoon or on date night! Cool Points: Water Park - $23  Kids - 28 Adults.  Lots of slides and a little cove area for toddles. Go Carts - $7.25 Putt Putt - My Favorite!  I always end up doing the 2 game price of $8.25, but playing the course once is $7.25. Laser Tag - $7.25  Be aware if you are bringing kids to this particular attraction on a weekend evening, that sometimes the Jax Beach bar crowd makes its way to this specific part of Adventure Landing.  While has proven to be somewhat amusing for those spectating these folks on occasion, sometimes it's best just to leave the martini-driven to their own devices and sub divert the children to the arcade or Go Carts. The great thing about the pricing here is if you don't want to piece meal out the ticket costs for each attraction you can just get a 3 Attraction Pass for $16.99!!   This place is fun for the kids, but really, if you are looking for a little diversion from the Jacksonville Beach bar scene for date night, this is a fun and relatively inexpensive place to go as well. Note:  If you buy your tickets online, there usually is some sort of discount!
Adventure Landing is like a mini theme park for Jacksonville. They have the seasonal events and activities like Happy Noon Year and Winter Fest, as well as other holiday events throughout the year. Just came here yesterday for Happy Noon Year. They divided the kids into 4 and under, ages 5-8, and ages 9-12. My poor son had to stand in the sun for 40 minutes because the balloon drop for the oldest group of kids didn't happen till 40 minutes after the hour. =(  When the balloons drop, the kids are limited to 2 balloons per child and in each balloon is an Adventure Landing coupon for a prize. Until tomorrow (January 2, 2012), they have winter fest as well as a sale on tokens: $15 gets you 100 tokens, $20 for 120 & $40 for 300. If you get any food from the outside vendor, you MUST try their chili. It's $4 and they make it right there, so it's hot and fresh. Really goooodd! The ice skating rink at winter fest is pretty small, but it's a cute little addition to winter activities in Jacksonville. If you want a bigger rink, either drive down to St. Augustine for another outdoor rink or go to Jacksonville's indoor ice skating at Jacksonville Ice. The ice skating shoes are pretty comfy but my son was complaining of knee cramps just 15 minutes afterward, unlike at Jacksonville Ice where he was able to keep on skating for a few hours without any complaints. On a regular day, you can play in the arcade, play a game of mini-golf, ride go-carts, play laser tag in Area 51, go swimming in the waterpark during summer months, etc. In the arcade, they have the obligatory skee-ball (called "ice ball" here), racing games, shooter games, air hockey table, basketball game, DDR, etc. I was pleasantly surprised to see a karaoke station where you can record yourself singing. However, my favorite game is the trivia one which wins us a lot of tickets everytime we play. Getting the tickets counted usually goes smoothly, but the ticket counting machine jammed on us a few times. One time it didn't even print out the receipt. =/  However, the staff was always helpful and understanding. We easily spend 4 or more hours in here (as well as a small fortune). Clear up your schedule (and prepare your wallet) if you decide to take your kids here. Time really flies in here.
Adventure Landing is a gem for us Jacksonvillians..  Yes it has go karts and arcade machines and can host birthday parties.  Yes it has miniature golf and a candy shop that even makes the adults drool.  The mini roller coaster is pretty cool too.  Here is why I am a fan. Having just moved back home from North Carolina and knowing what some of my friends were paying to belong to the Moose (throw in any name you like) Club Pool for just Memorial Day through Labor Day...... Whew, let's just say I was thankful my community had it's own pool and clubhouse. Adventure Landing/Shipwreck Island is a DEAL @ $99.00 for a season pass per person!  They have now come out with a weekday only pass for $79.00.  For stay at home moms with a budget, that is just the ticket.  By Saturday and Sunday the kids will be burnt and waterlogged and you won't have  to put up with the crowds.  Just think of the time and money you are saving not driving to Central Florida or South Georgia to go on similar water slides and pools.??? It is impressive when you drive by.  After parking  and going in, I was excited myself to see how much fun they fit into that small space!
This place is HORRIBLE! Don't go here! Don't bring your kids here!! I know this looks long to read but it is informative and will save you time! My husband and I are new to the area and we wanted to go to a good haunted house for Halloween. Well Groupon had a deal for this place that was only $20 for two people to go through all three haunted houses and either a round of mini golf or a ride on the go karts. We are on a budget and thought this was a great deal. As soon as we stepped inside we were completely wrong!! For your information my husband and I are in our mid-twenties and love really scary haunted houses that can actually scare adults. As soon as we stepped into the place it was packed with high schoolers! Mind you it was the last weekend to go there before Halloween. We knew it would probably be busy but we had time. Little did we know how the environment was when we stepped inside. The place was completely packed and so finding out where to go to find the Groupon tickets took time. While we were trying to find someone to tell us where to go we noticed how dirty and bad the environment was. If we had kids I would never let them hang around with that crowd that was in there. The kids were dressed completely provocative and did not have respect for themselves. Also, there were many times I smelled weed. Anyways, back to the haunted house. So after finally getting our tickets we waited in the shorter line for the 3-D haunted house. There was practically no one in line. After going through it we found out why. It was a joke! No one was scary and we actually laughed our way through it. Plus the costumes for the workers seemed like they were out of party city and they didn't even have makeup on but some did have really lame masks that were a joke as well! After going through that one we were going to wait in line for the "better" haunted houses. The line was insanely long! We were waiting in line for 45 min before  a worker said it would take another 2 hours to get in! We didn't have anything to do that night so we didn't care. We did hate how the place was crawling with teenagers and trashy people. Plus, they had two people walking through the line. I know they weren't there to scare anyone because all I could think of was throwing up! The first one was a fat clown that they stuck a wig on and a little face paint. Other than that he was fat and dirty and wearing a wife beater. And kids were touching him!! GROSS!! It looked like they found him on a street corner! Then there was this nun walking around with a too small costume and drips of paint from the corner of her eyes. That's it. What the heck?! Anyways,  while waiting employees were informing people that it was $10/person to get fast passes. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! We didn't buy them however a couple gave us their fast passes out of nowhere! Such kind people still left in the world! So we went to the front and when we got there a "clown?" hit my foot with the chainsaw. It hurt!! So my husband and I go to the front and a fight breaks out with these black kids but luckily a cop was standing right next to them. Then we go through and what a disappointment! Such a joke! Again, we laughed our way through. Such a waste of time and glad we didn't stay in that line for the next two hours. Then we waited in line for the go karts and all I could think about was how unhappy the employees looked and how dirty everything seemed. We didn't want to do the mini golf because it didn't look that great and it was cold out. The go karts frustrated me though because of so many younger kids they kept getting into wrecks and stopping the flow. The night was already horrible and that didn't help! I couldn't wait to leave that place! I felt like I was going to get mugged the whole time! Learned our lesson about this place! Maybe we will try Dave&Busters if we want to be around clean adults having fun.
This place is fun in the summer, the waterpark is fun and clean..the inside, slightly dated and dirty and the games are too much $. But the kids like it and thats what matters!
Adventure Landing has something to entertain everyone: go carts, batting cages, mini-golf, laser tag, arcade games. And in the summer, the water park is a lot of fun too. Adventure Landing is a fun way to spend an afternoon if your stuck with you're cousins. It's great for birthday parties and big groups. And it's fun when you want to run around as a kid for a few hours. Since most of the stuff is outside, It can get a little crowded if it starts to rain and everyone has to move inside.
You know, I believe this place technically qualifies as a theme park, but I would never think of it that way. It is more like fun park... I don't even know if that is an actual thing you can be [fun park], but if it is, Adventure Landing is one of them. They have a really big arcade on the inside, as well as an equally as big laser light tag course. Laser light tag is really fun. If you haven't ever played before, I recommend it! You run around in the dark and shoot at your friends [ahem, your enemies]. On the outside there are go-carts and a miniature golf course. Both are pretty standard, but still impressive. And then off to the side there is the water park. It has a few substantial slides, but is always overrun with kiddies, so I haven't ever enjoyed this part of the park. If you have kids, this is a real treat for them. Lots of stimulation and fun, junky type of activities for them to enjoy. If you don't have kids, you can still have a fun time here, especially with a group. Not your every week kind of activity, but every now and then it is a great place to hang.
Great place for the entire family
Great place for kids... I on the other hand have no kids, but refuse to grow up! I spent most of my time in the water park. It was a nice place to cool down, and if you go later in the day there are discounted rates. It was not a huge water park, but it had a few really fun slides. The lines were not that long compared to other water park lines I have waited in.
Great Batting cages and arcade game selection! Happy that jax beach has a cool place like this so i have somewhere to bring my lil sisters
Kids had a blast. Eye of storm, aka toilet bowl, is unique ride. The hydro half pipe awesome with a drop of 20 feet is crazy cool. The slides are good and the crowd was easy for a summer day. For a grown up an Icee was a huge memory throw back to childhood. Lots of safety folks kept park feeling very safe.
