I rather enjoyed my experience here, but I'm lowering my rating from the 5 stars I gave it after my first dining experience here. The service was the best thing about the place: our waiter was top notch. The setting is upscale, but not quite full luxury. The food was pretty good. I started by sharing an order of shortrib tacos ($13). They give you three, so it's a good appetizer to share. They were pleasant, but a bit chewy. They came with nice corn chips. My entree was my favorite dish, and I might get it again: chicken and waffles ($19). It's a Friday and Saturday night special. I love waffles, and these were good. It was a bit larger than I'd like however. Lighter eaters may want to split it. For dessert I had a Mandarin orange cake ($7). It was pretty good, but I'd try another dessert next time (I'd like to try their imported New York cheesecake, the only dessert they don't make themselves). I also had a split of Prosecco ($9). It was fine, but not a spot on the terrific Prosecco I had at Taverna last week. They should list it on the wine list however. I didn't see any sparkling wines by the glass available, asked if there were any, and my waiter told me about the Prosecco and one other option. They only responded to one of the two emails I sent them leading up to this meal, but we still got the round table I'd asked about. With tip the meal came to $50. I'd probably try Blue Bamboo again, but I'd try mostly different dishes. In a previous meal I'd loved their duck wontons, and other reviewers seem to love the dragon whiskers (both are appetizers).
This place is great. This is as good as it gets in the Jax area for Asian cuisine. The price is right for the quality. One of my favorite places in Jax.
Was very disappointed. I'd heard great things but it most certainly did not live up to the hype. If this is Asian fusion then presumably it is Asian food fused with something incredibly boring. The service was fine, easy to make a reservation online and plenty of open tables at 7:30 on a Thursday but the food was blah. We ordered curry mango potato fritters, hoisin lettuce wraps, Singapore Street noodles and canton duck. Fritters big fried breaded potato blobs with a decent spicy mango curry sauce on top (definitely not enough of that). The lettuce wraps were fine, basically the same as every lettuce wrap you've had at any chain ever. Singapore noodles were very bland. We were splitting the duck entree and it came out on two places, each of us getting a leg. It looked like chicken, tasted like chicken, but I guess it wasn't chicken since we paid like it was duck. To top it off it was dry. I enjoyed the plain white rice more... Overall not worth the $100 tab (two apps, a side, an entree and two adult beverages) when you can spend half as much for twice the food that's 10 times better at hawkers.
The food is very bland. Must be for the southside audience. Had the potato fritters. Bland. Lettuce wraps tasted like pf changs. Duck was dry. Singapore street noodles were a complete joke. I'll never go back Pretty awful meal. Way overpriced.
Okay, so I am updating my review for these guys after friends of ours inspired me to go back this weekend.  I was impressed to see a few changes to their menu, tastes changed in the food, and happy to see they kept the edamame spread with flax crackers. I went for a totally different entree and got the short ribs with fries and slaw. Mike had the honey tuna ahi with rice and veg. We shared dragon whiskers as an app. The dragon whiskers are just as solid as they used to be, lightly fried, airy, crispy and they were sprinkled with Parmesan cheese. The dipping sauce was the same , and still delish with Sriracha oils Ontop.   The ribs were hot, fresh, and cooked to perfection. They were like candied meat but could use a tiiiiny bit more sauce of some kind with them. The fries were your standard salt and peppered fries, needless to say I just ate the napa cabbage, carrot, fennel slaw but even asked for a second side of it and left the fries. The ahi tuna was beautiful, decently portioned, topped with a light drizzle of creamy wasabi sauce, and came with a book Choy, fennel, carrot celery mix and two tiny scoops of white rice. The rice could've used a little something but was still tasty all the same.  My fave part was having their Thai tea creme brûlée for dessert. Delish!! Needless to say, I liked the menu changes, the tea cubes for my iced tea, and will so be going back!
I read great things about the food. I read the web site and the menu and while the menu was limited we thought hey the guy has a book it "must" be good...right wrong. good point we were dressed beach casual. The place was empty at 5pm(weekday), kind of a warning sign.  1 other couple was there dressed to the nines. we felt out of place Still its semi small but clean and white table clothes, which is your warning sign that its not going to be cheap food at least not price wise. again YELP needs to break out the ratings for different things. everything gets overrate d on this site. service was excellent, though i had to ask for water with my beer. nice "craft" beer selection. we ordered the shrimp appetizer. Crispy shrimp, you get 5 shrimp for $11.50 tasted very nice. but poor value. the wife got the chili mango salmon. $22.95 plain and tasteless, and under cooked, and the vegs were way under cooked. Does not hold a candle to the bonefish grill I had the Chinese bar b que spare ribs, was nice. but chewy. and a dry dry and not much flavor. @22.95 I really expected more favor and more Chinese, maybe we wanted to much. To those that the place appeals to great, I guess I was hoping for more Asian side. Hey I can cook ribs better drunk. drinks and service was great. food was frankly sub par for those prices. the menu changes some over time. maybe some off menu stuff is great??? We noticed some regulars ordering family style type deal. and knew the, owners, by this time it was after 6pm and there was only 4 table filled. JUST my 2c: here Can you say, one wonders how they survive here? I can.....its matter of time and how much money they can bleed. But the amount they are charging for 1 or 2 cooks, I guess they can hang on for a while longer? maybe they got a late crowd, no telling but they are losing the tourist type dinners..... who knows, we will not ever go back. period
Before I write another word, I want to let everyone know Blue Bamboo is NOT your "typical" Chinese restaurant. Their tagline is "Hip Asian Comfort Food." ' While they do offer traditional Asian dishes like chicken stir fry, egg rolls, lo mien with shrimp, rice noodles with beef, etc. Chef Dennis Chan puts his unique spin on Southern-faves like chicken pot pie with panko breaded chicken and a puff pastry lattice crust (definitely different but my fave pot pie in town). Service is EXCELLENT! Matt is especially awesome. And Dennis ALWAYS makes time to come out and say hi to diners, which is a nice touch. Also, Dim Sum Sundays once a month: June 15 is next. Check website for upcoming events and cooking classes. P.S. Coke products are served, which is important to many people such a myself. :) P.P.S Dragon whiskers appetizer is a MUST!
Without a doubt Blue Bamboo is a must visit for me during every business trip. The staff is spectacular, the menu rewarding, and wine and cocktail selections among the best in the area. If it's your first time, look around, inquire about the chef's cookbook, the interesting weekly specials, and enjoy your time. This is one of Jacksonville's hidden treasures on the culinary trail.
Where do I begin??? This restaurant was highly recommended by close friends however I'm highly disappointed. Our Server forgot to enter our appetizer order and our entrees came before our appetizers. We ordered the crab ragoon and calamari. The ragoon was dry and calamari was greasy. To avoid getting the SAME entrees that came out before the appetizers, I told the waiter to make sure my salmon was medium. Well it was well done and both entrees were luke warm. I'm from Atlanta...I get the 'fusion' thing but for this restaurant; it needs to rethink what the fusion concept really is. Having chicken & waffles and shrimp & grits on a menu with Asian food does not mean Asian fusion. One good thing...they comp'd our appetizers. However...I won't be back!
The food, attention to detail presentation, restaurant decor! well done Chef.  Started with the whiskers appetizer good starter dish while waiting on entree lite and crisp flashed fry zucchini shavings. For my entree I had the lamb which is a dish not many places can make work, but here they outdid them selfs  simply superb accompanied with a potato patty crab cake like . My wife decided on the Trat fish another hit, fork tender white filet encrusted in some type of batter seasoned just right, big portions too I may add! try the cucumber cocktails a treat! for desert we shared  the cheese cake, flown in from New York and brûlée right before serving it topped with raspberry chocolate shavings. They were others to choose will be trying them on our next visit were  Fans and coming back for more....
Had a good Yelp rating, not sure what all the people who gave glowing reviews were eating, but my food was BLAND.  Place looked nice, started with some fairly tasty crackers, but the spread for them was virtually tasteless.  It had color, it had texture, but it had almost no flavor.  I even tasted it separate from the cracker because that struck me as so strange... oh, well.  Egg rolls were overdone with a slightly burnt taste and look to them.  Lunch menu was fairly limited (no idea if the selection was better for dinner, but will probably never know since I'm not going back), so I had the Szechaun Beef.  It was decent, but not much better than average.  I will say that the fried rice I had was pretty tasty, but that one good thing alone is not enough to ring me back.  Service was about average, got our appetizer pretty quick but was a bit of a long wait for the entrees, especially at lunch time, when things should really move along fast.  Also hard to get our waiter's attention once we were done.  All in all, a slightly below average restaurant experience.  My wife's opinion was pretty much identical to mine - it did not make our list of places to try again.
Tonight's kind of Pop Up Dinner was pretty darn cool. The whole theme was the TV Dinner. With old TV show theme songs playing. Guessing them was half the fun. Then the memories that they brought back was well worth the price of admission. The food was well a TV dinner. Chef brought out the best that could be with fried chicken n gravy then the Salisbury Steak. Both were accompanied by mash taters and steamed veg. The dessert was his play on the dried out brownie. His came out as a tasty little chocolate cake with a creamy pudding glaze. All in all a very fun and delightful evening. Kudos to Chef Chan and his crew.
We had a very nostalgic time at the TV Dinner Dinner event on Monday. It was a three-course meal featuring two of the most popular TV dinner entrees...Salisbury Steak or Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Gravy. It was delicious!! I don't remember as a kid my TV dinners tasting this good! First thing that came out was Mille Feuille- enrobed mini link sausage..(pigs in the blanket) just yummy. The Salisbury Steak with forest mushroom demi-glaze glace was tender and the Buttermilk Fried Chicken with Gravy was moist! The entrees came out in a foil tray with mashed potatoes, snap peas and baby carrots they were tasty. Dessert was just as spectacular!! It was a Molten-center Brown Bundt! Service was excellent as usual. We all thoroughly enjoyed it! Thanks for taking us down memory lane Chef Dennis!
In an attempt to find a spot similar to one of my favorites back home, my boyfriend brought me here for valentines day dinner. I had the Honey Glazed Ahi Tuna. It was amazing. Cooked perfectly! There are so many things I want to try on the menu. We will definitely be coming back!
Honestly I wasn't impressed. Too many deep fried selections. Points for presentation and atmosphere but lacking in the taste department. Nice wine selection, maybe that's where the rave reviews are coming from. Value for money fail.
Really let down by this place. If you have one soup on your menu, it better be frickin awesome. The chicken green curry soup was terrible. Weak, watery, and what little chicken was in it was sinewy and just off putting in texture and taste. There was no depth of flavor at all. No depth of flavor seemed to be the norm as the other two dishes we had were blander than Ben Stein's humor. However, props for execution as my salmon was cooked close to perfectly and presented nicely. But, when it boils down to it, if I'm paying these prices, ill eat food out of a bucket with my bare hands if it tastes good. Also, the wines by the glass suck. There is some nice wines on the wine list but by the bottle only, it would have been nice to get a decent glass of wine.
Went to this place because it is in the "Top 25 local restaurants" of Jacksonville list. Usually the list is right on the money, however I didn't feel this restaurant was quite there. I had a beef and noodle dish which was similar to hamburger helper. I went there again to try "Dim Sum Sundays", which was pretty good, but way too expensive. Also a very limited selection. If it's once a month, they should be going all out! Usually dim sum is cheap for a large amount of food. My husband and I spent $75 on dim sum! On the dim sum days they run out of the popular ones pretty early. Overall I would not come back here for the regular menu. If I was really desperate for dim sum I may come back.
I'd wanted to try Blue Bamboo for months, despite mixed reviews. Many of the folks I'd talked to praised the food, wine list and ambiance, but felt that the prices could be a bit lower. Long story short: I agree. Interior is very nice. Apparently, I'm getting old as @#^$! because we were the first ones there for dinner. It's not like I'm trying to do the early bird special. I just skipped lunch and was hungry by 6pm, when we passed by the place. So sue me. Anyway, empty restaurant = best table: corner booth by the window. Music is perfect for us -- that is, plenty of tunes in the realm of Thievery Corporation. Cloth napkins and tablecloths: check. Friendly, not-strange server:  yes! She was great, except we think she missed letting us know about the specials, which we overheard from another server.       I enjoyed the white wine flight (pinot grigio, chardonnay, riesling) but it's worth noting that they are half-glass servings, which equates to about a buck a sip. Loved the wines, but the concept made me long for BYOBs. We liked the flax crackers and edamame dip. Same goes for the fried dragon whiskers (breaded/fried julienned zucchini and yellow squash strings), although we prefer Maggiano's version of fried zucchini slices -- the dipping sauce is better (horseradish aioli vs. ranch) and you get more for less. Entrees: My green curry salmon and shrimp was good but didn't wow me except for the portion size. The salmon was big, although I would've traded in size for more flavor, a couple of the shrimp were cool, and the mound of stir-fried vegetables and jasmine rice wasn't bland but also could have had more prominent flavors. On the other hand, upon request they made LDC's pad thai 100% vegetarian (tofu, no fish sauce) and provided a peanut-chili-lime sauce that was the tastiest thing on the table. In fact, it gave my shrimp and salmon the kick that the green curry had lacked. I'd look for that sauce specifically on a return trip. The thai tea creme brulee was a fine finish. By then, several other folks had filled out the tables along the walls and it seemed like more of a lively place. The owner was also dropping by tables to chat with the patrons, which is a nice touch. Very different vibe than my pal the "Sushi Nazi" over at Osaka. The other difference was in the numbers. You know that feeling you get when you liked a meal, and everything was fine or better, but when you get the bill you're reminded of a few other places where you'd get an outstanding meal for even less? It's not like you feel cheated, but it reinforces your affinity for those other places, and by the time you get in the car you're thinking, I'd probably come back here and try other menu items, but I'm not in a big hurry. That's what it was like for us. (An example of the exact opposite feeling would be 13Gypsies.) As a result, I'll give Blue Bamboo three stars and a recommended, but with a few qualifications.
Visiting from Los Angeles to Jax, the last thing I would expect is a 5 star dining experience.  We usually eat at my Mother-in-laws place after shopping at Publix. Or we go to Ragtime for a lunch. MIL suggested Blue Bamboo where she took her cooking lessons and had a delicious Thai-garita.  Okay!  We'll go! We were immediately greeted by the Owner, Chef Dennis Chan.  What a wonderful touch.  I greatly appreciated that and he seated us personally! Perused the menu and saw this motto: "Hip Asian Comfort Food" and that made me smile! Appetizers & Beverage Mango Iced Tea with Iced Tea ice cubes - 5 stars (MMM! Mm!) Dragon's Whiskers - 5 stars (OMG! Comfort food to the max!) Chicken Mee Krob - 5 stars (I'm Thai and I approve this dish!) Entrees Chicken Katsu Sandwich - 5 stars Thai Shrimp Wrap - (can't rate, husband had that dish) Dessert Thai Ice Tea Creme Brulee - 5 stars with 2 snaps up!   I had 6 glasses of that iced tea, it was so refreshing in the humid Florida weather!  I still think about my meal and wished there was a Blue Bamboo in my neighborhood.  I would go all the time! Service - 5 stars Ambiance - 5 stars The promise of Hip Asian Comfort Food - SUCCESS!!!! OH, and Chef Dennis has a cook book that is just gorgeous!  It is sitting on my coffee table and I look forward to giving a few of his recipes a go! Loved it...can't wait to go back!
What a great evening at the Damn Good Dim Sum event sponsored by Gastrojax and Chef Dennis Chang.  The large room adjoining the restaurant was decorated in crisp white table cloths with beautiful table settings chineese lanterns festooned the ceiling  and waiters in starched white shirts, black pants. Very chic.  Chef Dennis spoke to the sold out crowd the reason for the gathering  and explained for those who were new to the Dim Sum experience  the Asian history behind this marvelous way of dining.  Erin from the sponsor Gastrojax also gave additional insight into what the goal is for the Jacksonville food scene is.  She certainly is a marvelous ambassador for the project, plus she was at every table serving food making sure every table had the correct food for each guest (meat eaters  or leaf eaters)  and she rocked it. There were 3 courses first for Good Health, second for prosperity and the last for longevity.   Each course consisted of dumplings buns wontons or rices.  Served family style it was great fun at our table passing the food around shareing talking and laughing in the true spirit of Dim Sum.  For a first time event overall it was a total success.  It could be tweeked some but that will come. I am encouraged to see events like this in Jacksonville. With our diverse culture we deserve good food, good restaurants and good food festivals
This place is located right next door to the Asian food grocery store Hong Kong Trading Co. Blue Bamboo is really good when the country they fuse with complements the Asian dishes. The first time I ate here, it was a really good fusion, but the second time was not so good. I went here yesterday with a few friends and it was really good. I guess this month's theme "Southern Comfort Throwdown" suited the food well. We had the edamame spread with the crackers (I really like that edamame dip), and BBQ Duck Wonton Crisps, which tasted OK, but have a little too much sauce for me. For the main course, I ordered Thai Red Curry Chicken with Mixed Vegetables and Jasmine Rice. It was actually really, really good, but very filling, so most likely you'll be bringing half of it home. And of course, I saved room for dessert. For $6 you get a sampling of 3 of their desserts, which is great, but the "serving" of each dessert is only about 2 bitefuls. It's kind of like a tease. Lol. Service was excellent and luckily there were 3 of us for dinner that night so the food and bill were split evenly. They also have martinis here and a private wine bar in the back (with bottles on the wall as decor). I ordered a martini which was really chocolatey and good. If I was just a tad more tipsy I might have licked the glass clean. They've got sushi here, which I haven't tried yet. And they also have cooking classes one Saturday a month at 10 am but I haven't tried those either.
After finding chef Dennis Chan's cookbook, Hip Asian Comfort Food, in Barnes and Noble this past November, I instantly wanted to try Blue Bamboo. The recipes in the book looked inspired and tasty! The actual dining experience? Eh. The first sign was the service. It took about ten minutes after being seated to have someone take our drink orders. After reading Patty's review, I wanted to try the flavored tea with ice tea cubes, but it wasn't on the menu. When I asked the tardy server, she said, "Yeah, we've got, like, tea with cubes in it? Like, and you can flavor it? Sweet or unsweet?" So we ordered the tea and she took off, not asking us if we wanted an appetizer or to order our entrees. Then, a free appetizer shows up with another server - compliments of the chef! The app was great - lettuce wraps with chicken in a great scallion sauce. Crunchy and savory. We were very impressed and happy, thinking the service would improve. Yeah, not so much. It took awhile for the tea to arrive, I never got the water I asked for. After the free appetizer, no one returned to take our entree order. I had to flag down a server. He saw me, nodded, and held up a finger in the "wait just one minute" motion. Then he went and took the orders for another table before helping us. Are you kidding me? In order to make up for not taking our entree orders we got ANOTHER free appetizer! This time it was homemade flax seed crackers with an interesting green edamame spread, but the taste was too funky for me. It tasted like green tea paste. Our entrees arrived. Mine (Panko-Sweet and Sour Chicken) was excellent. I loved the Panko breading and my veggies were crisp and well-seasoned. My girlfriend had the mango-chile salmon, which was dry and under sauced. At the end of the meal, the server brought out a little camera-device (sorry, I'm pretty non-techno) that displayed a slide show of the desserts available! It was a cute idea and made dessert very tempting, but we didn't try any. Overall, I thought the food on the menu wasn't that exciting. The drink menu looked great, I think if they had a bigger bar area it would be a tasty option for happy hour and appetizers. The lettuce wraps and my entree were great, although I thought a little pricey. The service needed MUCH improvement, but we seemed to be the only table getting a raw deal. Maybe it was just a fluke. I doubt I'll go back, and would probably recommend Jackie Lee's China Bistro on Baymeadows to others instead.
Lunch experience was ok. Had the chicken broccoli and it was ok. This place is just ok.... nothing earth shattering happening here.
I'm just gonna say that this isn't one of my favorites... Although the duck was pretty good the rest of the dishes were lacking, the coconut curried shrimp was just not really good, even the honey ginger Ahi tuna was underwhelming. The martinis were the star of the show sadly, but at least with that and the duck we didn't leave starving.
I had heard a lot about  Blue Bamboo... rave reviews from lots of people whose opinions I respect. I blame it on the fact that I got to spend a year living in the San Francisco area and my taste buds have since been ruined to anything other than amazing food. Well, especially when there is so much hype. Blue Bamboo is great for the fact that it has an awesome menu, full of unique and creative dishes. It's fun to eat there because it's different, not something you can grab at any ol' place, and the atmosphere is nice. They have done a nice job decorating and making it feel like [relatively] fine dining, even though you're on Southside Blvd. The thing that bothered me was that they smother everything in sauce. I mean smother. I know us southerners love our sauces... but this was extreme. To the point where we had a hard time tasting the food itself and all we could taste was the sauce. I am not huge into sauce. I feel like sauce hides the flavor of the real food and also contains a lot of unnecessary calories and fat.  [See how San Francisco has ruined me?] If you like sauce, then you are in for a great treat! If you don't like sauce, maybe ask them to go light on it, or just scoop some off when you get your dishes. It's still a really great place to dine.
Went there for lunch with a friend that raved about Blue Bamboo. Started out with the Panko-Cheese Tomatoes. Seasoned well with the crunch that I like when a dish is Panko fried. It came with ranch dressing, so it was ranch dressing. I had the Panko Sweet and Sour Chicken for my entree. Once again the chicken had the crunch, but not seasoned for my taste. The sweet and sour sauce just didn't have the flavor burst that I was expecting, it was just "ok". The peppers, onions, and pineapple were raw. I would have liked them to be stir fried "just a bit" to enhance the flavor. I didn't event eat them after the first bite. So for me the chicken and rice was lunch. Over all the  decor and atmosphere was good. My entree was nothing to write home about. So for me................... 3
My absolute favorite restaurant that is my pick for all our special occassions like birthdays and anniversaries!  It's not your traditional asian cuisine as Chef Denis puts his own spin on some classic dishes as well as some new inspired creations of his own.   My wife and I try to sample new things each time and we haven't found anything that we haven't loved!
My wife and I went to Blue Bamboo for dinner for a date night on the recommendation of a good friend. It was refreshing to get a recommendation based not just on the restaurant but based on the them getting to know the chef as frequent customers. It has an open floor plan and it still manages to feel very warm and close. It provided a great atmosphere for conversation. Everything is very clean and tidy. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable. Her recommendations and feedback were genuine and knowledgeable. When she didn't know about one of the beers on the menu she got asked one of her colleagues to weight in. He was able to recommend the beer and it was great. My wife thoroughly enjoyed the Cabernet that waitress recommended. We tried the Classic 5 Sampler appetizer. I am generally not a big Crab Rangoon fan but I enjoyed this one as much as any I have had. The Shrimp Shao Mai was tasty as was the Pork Potsticker. The Panok-Cheese tomato was good though I could have done without the ranch. Mine and my wife's favorite was the Spring Roll. For entrees we both went with the Honey-Seared Ahi Tuna. This was the highlight of the evening. It was presented quite well which was a nice surprise and it was absolutely delicious. We will definitely be back for date night again. The atmosphere is great for a date. The service was very good. The wine list is very good. The beer list is not extensive but has enough good picks to cover pretty much any beer drinker. The food was presented well and very tasty. No complaints.
This is a great concept and backed up by excellent food.  "Hip Asian compfort food".   Meals like Red Curry Shrimp and Grits, which was over grits cakes.  So good. Great martini choices...At our table we tried the Green Tea Martini and a Cucumber Martini... both were a great start to the meal. Finish it all of with Lychee Sherbert and it's a great meal.
Expensive, yes.  Innovative and experimental, definitely.  You may like some dishes and dislike others but Chef Dennis Cheng offers an adventure.   My spouse and I have dined there several times including vegan friends who found good selections for their restricted tastes.  We have also attended a wine tasting and,on another occasion, a cooking class.   One characteristic is that there is a neighborhood or stable customer base feeling. People seem to know each other.   They are inclusive of less frequent visitors as well.   I have purchased the cookbook and like trying to make the asian fusion food taste almost as good as it does I'm Blue Bamboo.  The chef will advise where to get special ingredients, such as mango for the mango lasse alcoholic drink, so it is easier to pull it all together. You will need to run a marathon if you add dessert to the meal, but the coconut layer cake is pretty special. The decor is pleasing with occasional changing art on the walls.  One time it was illustrations from a Disney cartoon artist who had worked on Pocahontas before setting up his own studio.  Tables are spaced out with ample room and it is quiet enough to converse easily. Easily our favorite restaurant in Jacksonville.
This is one of our all time, favorite places. We came here Friday night after receiving horrible service at another restaurant and were hungry. It was a bit late for dinner, probably about 8 or so and the place wasn't packed but that made it nice. Hubby and I could easily talk and be heard, unlike some other places you might go. On this night we started with drinks--the cucumber smash and the penang posmopolitan. Both, as always, were delicious. They were light, crisp and refreshing which put us in a much better mood from our earlier restaurant troubles. We started with the chicken lettuce wraps. They were tasty and had just the right texture and flavor. As we were waiting for dinner we munched on the flat bread crackers and edamame spread that was brought out for us. I normally steer clear of bread; it's just an unnecessary filler to me, but that spread is delicious! Between my husband and I, we ate it all. Since we have been to Blue Bamboo frequently, I do have some favorites. Chef likes to change the menu  (which is something I really appreciate) and what I was in the mood for was no longer on the menu. I asked our waitress if the kitchen could make some pad thai with chicken and it was no problem at all. It came out steaming hot, with just the right spicy kick and was delicious. My husband ordered the roast duck (one of his favorites) and it came out nicely prepared--juicy and succulent. We always have a great time and a fantastic meal at Blue Bamboo and this was no different. I always recommend this place to friends looking for something on the nicer side. Chef never disappoints.
Loved it!  Great food...
My husband decided to try this place because of the once monthly Dim Sum Sunday menu.  We tried four different dishes, and loved all of them, especially the fried duck dish and the steamed roast pork buns. The iced tea is also fantastic, as they use frozen iced tea cubes to keep the drink from getting watered down and give you simple syrup to sweeten it to your liking.   We'll definitely be eating there again.
In my opinion, one of the most underrated places in Jax. The atmosphere is fun, the food is great and Dennis (the owner) is wonderful. You can almost always find him roaming the dining area checking on the customers, which is so refreshing as you rarely see that among chefs. I am a huge fan of their pad thai- it is lighter and tangier than anything else I have ever tried. Also, I will give this place 5 stars when they add the sweet chilli noodles to the menu :)- they are out of this world. We sampled these at the Best of Jacksonville party last year, the recipe is in his cookbook, but I would be just thrilled if I ever saw them on the menu. I also love the panko chicken and dragon whisker appetizer.
One word - PHENOMENAL!!!!!  The food was both flavorful and unexpected, while at the same time comforting and reminiscent.  Chef Dennis has created an environment and menu that invites you to explore his unique take on Asian Fusion and next I'm in Jacksonville I will find myself sitting again at one of the tables enjoying every morsel of food placed in front of me!
Since I was a little confused about the concept of this place after perusing the menu, I decided to allow our waitress to surprise me with my entree. She brought me the honey ginger ahi tuna with jasmine rice and veggies. The plate looked beautiful, filled with vibrant colors. The centerpiece of the meal was the tuna. It was wonderfully cooked and sitting in a sweet honey glaze. The rice soaked up the sauce and it paired well with the mixed veggies. We also enjoyed the short rib appetizer and the orange cheesecake with a Creme brûlée crystallized sugar topping. Our super sweet dessert was perfectly paired with the Thai iced tea. Although the service was a bit slow, the enthusiasm of our waitress regarding the food was excellent. All in all, we had a delightful experience at Blue Bamboo.
I have been several times to Blue Bamboo, but this last time was not worth it.  I have taken into consideration that it was a very busy night and the restaurant was packed, but the service and food fell way short.   First, it took twenty minutes to order after being seated, our water came after our drinks, and we had to ask for our crackers after being seated for over a half hour.  This wasn't a huge deal because it was packed and a bit chaotic.   The appetizers were amazing, slow, but amazing.   I have never had a complaint about the food, but this time it just wasn't all that great.  The veggies with my ahi tuna were raw.  The tuna was very tasty, but not hot.   Dessert.  Yes, this is the part where my high hopes were dashed.  My brownie was hard as a rock on he outside and a slimey uncooked goo on the inside.  It was cold, the ice cream on the side had melted before it even got to me.  The bite that I did try tasted like a box mix.  I would expect much better. I ordered Earl Grey tea and got jasmine, which was also not hot.  There was a running theme of everything being room temperature and slow.   There was no excuse for the quality issues.  I have been on holidays and very busy nights in the past and while it was a little slow, it was never such poor quality.   The building itself and the decor is looking pretty bad as well.  There was a crack in the wall, and dust on the surfaces.   We had reserved a specific table weeks in advance, only to be placed somewhere else as there were people recently seated at our table.   Overall, the food is tasty.  I would suggest skipping dessert and give up all hope of having a meal in a reasonable amount of time.  Terrible service and general lack of respect for reservations and the specifications of those reservations.   While we have gone for the past three years to celebrate an occasion, always at the same table, we will not be returning.  Blue Bamboo will now be take-out and our occasions will be celebrated elsewhere.
Perfect night. We noted on Open Table that we needed a baby  chair and there was one waiting at the table when we arrived. Impressive. Food was great and lacked the overbearing sodium found in similar P.F. Chang offers. Pricing is very reasonable, despite what others have stated. We are from CA and the wine list is better than most in JAX.  We will return to try some of the other menu items.
This is definitely Jacksonville's best kept secret. My husband and I had the pleasure to have lunch here for my birthday and what a wonderful choice it was! We were not recommended by anyone and now will begin to spread the word of this wonderful DIAMOND IN THE RUFF! For our appetizer we had the fried pork potstickers, lunch entree we both chose the Panko Sweet and sour chicken (amazing). To top everything off was their wonderful dessert menu. Hubby had the NY style cheesecake YUM, YUM  and I had the Mango rum cake YUM YUM as well. I love how when you order the sweet tea, they put frozen tea cubes so tea don't get watered down, well I won't tell all the wonderful secrets of this jewel of a place. The decor is so authentic and unique. We both really enjoyed ourselves! Thank you for such a wonderful birthday lunch although we came so late and did not rush us out. Excellent customer service! 5 STARS !
The food and service were ok.  The ambiance was decent.  I just expected a lot more for the price.
I have been going to Blue Bamboo, at least every Friday, for 5 years now, sometimes more and it keeps getting better and better. Dennis does an excellent job of continually upgrading his skills and repertoire of culinary delicacies. The only problem I used to have,  was when I was too self conscious to ask what something was on the menu if I didn't understand the terminology. When you go to the same place over and over  the occasional mistake will occur. I have found Dennis and his staff to always be more than willing to listen and to make it right. He is always participating in things like Caring Chef's and other neighborhood projects. I know I look forward to my visits at Blue Bamboo, it is one of the only Restaurants in Jacksonville that when I walk in I know I will walk out satisfied. I recommend Blue Bamboo to all my acquaintances and it is the dining spot for all my entertaining of family and friends. I hope you all have enjoyable dining adventures and if you get a chance go see Dennis at Blue Bamboo and tell him Marshall said to have him show you what Hip Asian comfort food is all about. ME
This is probably one of the best restaurants I've been to in Jacksonville for service, food, atmosphere, consistency & overall dining experience.  I have eaten at a lot of places, but right when you walk into the doors here, you feel relaxed.  I have tried many of the dishes as well & everything was delicious.  DO go to this place, but leave room for ALL of their desserts.  Sometimes I judge a restaurant by their desserts and this place has never disappointed me!  Yum. Yum. :)
I needed an Asian-inspired location with a big enough dining room to host my parents' surprise 40th wedding anniversary party.  Chef Dennis was very accommodating & extremely helpful from start to finish.  Since he used to work at Blue Ginger & I'm from Boston & quite familiar with Ming Tsai's restaurant, I knew I was in good hands!  Chef Dennis made a more traditional Cantonese 8-course dinner instead of items from his menu which was just what I wanted.  Our guests raved about the food & the best ending to the meal was their signature Mandarin orange layer cake.  Very happy with the food :)  Thanks again, Chef Dennis for making my parents' night very special!
All I can saw is awesome! If you live in jacksonville, or just visiting, come enjoy! You won't be disappointed! Started with the duck wontons, loved the presentation and the flavors were spot on! Then on to the red curry chicken which had the perfect balance of heat, sweet, and still a great depth of flavor. To top it off the chef/owner came out and spoke with us for a few. Just overall a great experience looking forward to our next visit.
Never ceases to amaze me how good the food is at Blue Bamboo.  From a fun business lunch to a great dinner with friends, this is the place in Jacksonville.  Chef Dennis is a real pro.
I got the short ribs for dinner, underneath was a bed of rice and wonderful cabbage. I tried the whiskers, the potatoe patties for appetizers. Wonderful delight, all of it. The ambieance was great. My only complaint was the high prices. I looked at the dessert menu on a scrolling picture box. I decided, I had spent enough money and declined the dessert. The cake on the dessert list looked good and they had various flavored sherberts, and also a decandent brownie dessert. If you go, enjoy, but have plenty of money.
At first I was skeptical about this Asian fusion restaurant, but I was pleasantly surprised! The food was great and the wait staff was friendly and attentive. It's a bit out of the way but I'd definitely come here again!
Great environment and atmosphere!! The food was amazing. I loved the shortrib tacos.
My wife and I frequent Blue Bamboo regularly - a place where we are treated like family and we always have a fantastic culinary experience.  The food is excellent and the menu always has something new, the ambiance is very pleasant and you can actually hold a conversation with the others at your table without having to yell (one of my pet peeves - really noisy restaurants).  Excellent wine list, interesting mixed drinks and great service.  Don't fail to order the Orange Cake for dessert.  Oh, and if you like to support locally owned restaurants rather than national/regional chains, this is for you!
Dennis is the man and my wife and I dine here as often as we can.  The food is fantastic and imaginative with the freshest ingredients plus the service has always been stellar! We bought Dennis' cookbook last year and we have been trying our hand at many of the recipes and have had a great time testing our culinary skills.  Can't wait to go back and try something different from Dennis' repertoire!
Fabulous, unique & creative food, beautifully prepared & presented.  Great ambiance, friendly staff. One of Jacksonville's best restaurants. You realize this because while you're there, you don't feel like you're IN Jacksonville! A big thumbs up!
This is my favorite Chinese Restaurant.  I try to go there as often as possible. Dennis Chan is a Genius in Hip Asian Cuisine. Try the Dragon Wiskers, Duck Wanton, or Panko Crusted Tomatoes. Every appetizer is better than the last !!! Entree's are always plated to perfection, with care and full of flavor. They have an outstanding wine room, and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly...
probably one of the best fusion places i've ever been to. most fusion places i feel like they are trying WAY to hard to blend and mix to make it "fusion-y".  i shared the general chile chicken (their version of general tso chicken) and the LA short-rib tacos with a coworker. the tacos ended up being too spicy for her, but not enough for me. they were VERY Delicious. the chicken was also good. it wasnt a copy of general tso and different enough where it made it interesting. the batter that it was fried in made it extra crunchy and the sauce was delish. we also ordered dragon whiskers to share with the table. delish. i think its fried zuchinni. they also have flavored teas and you can blend the flavors however you like. i got blueberry and pear mixed and it was DIVINE.
Went to Blue Bamboo with coworkers for lunch on 2/15/2010.  I even checked with the server before ordering the grilled chicken with sesame sauce.  When the dish came out it was nothing more than 3 pieces of completely flavorless boiled chicken swimming in a pond of thick brown sauce with some rice.  For $12 it is certainly the worst lunch from recent memory.
I travel a lot, so end up eating out with some frequency.  With that said, I like to try new restaurants. Being that I live in jax I try to find smaller restaurants I can enjoy.  My girlfriend and I went to Blue Bamboo about 8 months ago.  The service was good, but we both thought the food was absolutely horrible.
Overall the food was exquisite, the ambiance was beautiful, and the service was impeccable.  I highly recommend this restaurant for adults who wish to have an elegant, scrumptious experience!
Back in town for one final appearance. I'd been dying to try the place and finally found the time. I'm not really understanding the "Dressy" notation as it is NOT an upscale restaurant. Don't get me wrong, it's very clean and very nicely decorated, it's just impossible to be upscale when you are located on Southside in Jacksonville and share a building with an empty restaurant that has a For Lease banner flapping in the breeze. I tried the duck wontons as an appetizer and, to my dismay, they weren't really wontons. The contents of said wonton were haphazardly thrown on top of a fried wrapper, that was not wrapped. They were OK, but just too much sauce and no where near enough duck. The over sauced mess became tedious after a few bites. For the main course, I went with the honey glazed ribs. Strangely enough, these were under sauced and devoid of flavor , not to mention they were accompanied by, wait for it, french fries? I thought the chef could have come up with something a bit more creative there. I understand the "fusion" concept, but the last thing anyone needs is more friggin' french fries. To be honest I've had much better Chinese in seedy holes in the wall in Manhattan, the kinds of places that make you wonder if those boneless spare ribs really do come from ally cats. Meh is an apt description.
