La Cena has been in my bookmarks 'To Try' since I started yelping five years ago. FINALLY made it in to dinner when I was craving pasta and Carrabba's wasn't going to cut it. We had a reservation - which is definitely recommended - and even though we showed up really early for our reservation the hostess was able to seat us promptly. I had perused the menu online, so I went in with a tentative plan of what I wanted to indulge in. While I was a little hesitant at the price, we shared an order of the Mussels Posilipo (red) to start. The bowl was overflowing with these delicious bivalves in we dived right in. For my dinner I paired the Caesar salad with the small order of the Spaghettini Carbonara. My advice: opt for the small order. I did and I still came home with lunch for the next day. I've ordered Carbonara many times in my pasta-loving life. I've even tried to make it at home when I get adventurous in the kitchen. None of them compare to what I feasted on at La Cena. The 'sauce' was so light and played very well with all the goodies that were tossed into the pasta. Next time I'm craving impressive Italian, I know where I'm heading.
Interesting place. Doesn't look like much on the outside, but once you walk in you see a pretty nice looking bar after which point the restaurant opens into a pretty large main dining room with an elegant atmosphere. Sparse decorations, but the table settings make the room appear very intimate and fancy. My fiancee and I ordered the veal carpaccio and the veal caprese. The hostess/waitress gave us a heads up that the veal carpaccio was thick but well tenderized so we decided to try it. Unfortunately, it was still too thick for our tastes so we sent it back. The staff was very polite about this and quickly replaced it with another appetizer, the beef carpaccio, for no charge. Both items were delicious. The beef carpaccio was appropriately thin and actually quite beautifully served. The veal caprese was perfectly breaded for a satisfying crunch but not so much that it overwhelmed the flavor of the included cheese and tomatoes. The service was outstanding. A couple of detractor things I should mention, though. The menu makes this abundantly clear, but there is an upcharge for sharing a plate, and various other upcharges for this and that. This is probably all done out of some sort of necessity, but the way it is written on the menu appears tacky, as does the first page of the menu which states that the restaurant was built entirely from private funding versus public? I'm new to Jacksonville, so I'm not sure what that was about, but... basically, both of us were put off by how the menu was written. It really seemed to lower our expectations of the restaurant, and certainly isn't welcoming. Otherwise, I'd say the place could use some more decoration, but I welcome good food over decor any day. Bottom line: great food that's fresh but not quite at the 5-star level.
I ordered takeout, since I had my daughter with me and she's far too young to be quiet at a nice restaurant. I believe I spoke with the owner on the phone and he was very polite and accommodating, even mentioning that it was quiet at the time and inquiring about her age to see if we could actually come in. I was very excited about trying la cena as we were looking for a nice Italian meal on our Jacksonville trip. The bresoala came recommended and was fantastic. The escargot was tender and not rubbery and chewy like at most places I've tried which was a lovely, well received surprise, and the mozzarella appetizer was well seasoned and delicious. Main portions are enormous! My husband had the caprese chicken which he finished happily and I had the linguine frutti di Mar which was far too large for me, but it was so good I kept picking even after I was full. Thank you for a wonderful meal!
One of my favorites.   Small restaurant.  Expect a long delicious meal.   You better have reservations.  I've heard of too many people that were turned away since they didn't have one.   For this occasion, we had a large group.  Since the person who made the arrangements knows the owner, they gave us a special menu.   Tons of great food.   Each dish better than the next.   Almost disappointed that we had so many appetizers that I could barely eat dinner.   Do not look for mixed drinks.   But they do have a good wine selection.
When I've had a stressful week and feel like I deserve a little love, I come here.   Tons of reviews talk about the food, deservedly.  This food is thoughtful and crafted with purpose.  Everything is fresh, including the pasta.  You will never ever ever regret ordering anything here, and there are items for both adventurous and cautious eaters.  The menu has items that you can't get anywhere else in Jacksonville, and some things that you probably can't get outside of NYC or Northern Italy. If you're looking for a fancier Olive Garden, this is not your place.  This is a place where you pay for your experience and every penny is worth it.  This is a place where you come for 3 hours to savor your evening. The service here is special.  It's not just that you get good service, it's that the service staff are like family here.  Marlene and Victoria are awesome, they know the food, and they know the wine.  I suggest just picking a couple things you're thinking about and ask them what's best.  They won't steer you wrong and they know the place inside and out.  They are constantly aware of when reserved tables are coming in and prepare for them before they arrive.  This goes above and beyond most restaurants, even the most expensive ones I've eaten in. Today I got the unexpected pleasure of meeting Jerry, the owner and chef.  We chatted about food and got a little nerdy.  He's passionate about his food and he knows what's good.  He provides a specific experience with amazing ambiance, food, wine, and an intimacy that is rare in most restaurants.  You feel like you're the only person in the place no matter how many people are there. I don't think this is part of the regular experience, but I was invited to the kitchen to see everything from the fresh bread, the gorgeous breadsticks (2 feet long at least), and the ingredients.  The clams were as big as my fist, the kitchen was well organized and obviously very clean, and watching Chef Jerry work was amazing.  I felt really honored to get to go behind the scenes. The regulars have been coming there for years.  During my visit tonight several customers came in that everyone knew by name and were greeted personally.   I spent three full hours at the bar eating my amazing meal.  I had such a wonderful  relaxing time that I cannot wait for my next treat. Congratulations to Jerry, Victoria, and Marlene for creating such a perfect place to go for an extravagant and incredible meal.  Thanks to them for being so warm and welcoming.  You won't regret your visit here.   I highly recommend a reservation if you need a table, this is a place that you want to ensure you can get into when you want to go.  They use Open Table as well as phoned in reservations, so you can use whatever method you need.  If you have a larger group with special needs, calling in advance is recommended so that they are prepared for you.
The service was outstanding the server was well versed on the menu items and gave wonderful recommendations. The Casino clams were the best we ever had and everything else was amazingly delicious. The two women that work there went above and beyond to make us feel like family and even recommended several locals after dinner spots to enjoy downtown Jacksonville. Will most defiantly be visiting again when in town. Thank you La Cena for an outstanding expirence came for a clown Confernce and left with a new favorite place.
Very good food. Fresh herbs in the sauce and abundant portions. The buttery flavour of shellfish with crushed tomatoes and big fat linguini is in the fruitti di mare. Also tried a spinach sausage cream sauced pasta dish. Very tasty and unique. The owners are real nice. Call ahead and they will make room for you.
We came in here during the Jacksonville Jazz Festival so I'm going to assume that made the staff testier than normal.  The food was awesome and it was super hard to choose a dish!  The wait to receive your drinks, place your order, and receive your food was ridiculously long.  I can see from other reviews that this might be common and not because of the Jazz Festival.  My advice is that if you have the time and patience, the food was worth it but if you need to be somewhere you either need to give yourself extra time or try another restaurant. We sat at the bar and when the staff interacted with us, they were very nice but apparently oblivious that the conversation they were carrying on in front of us wasn't private.  They were complaining about another server, the clientele, etc...  The staff seemed really stressed out but I'm not sure why because it wasn't like the restaurant was slammed.  I think the owner makes the atmosphere stressful on purpose which isn't fun for anyone.  All that aside, the food was very good and if you have the time and capability to handle the stressed out servers, stop on in!
Great place to eat in downtown Jax especially prior to going to the Symphony Orchestra. Service was top notch and the food terrific. I had the fresh caught Sheepshead fish and my wife had the veal. Both were terrific. Our friends had the chicken and veal Marcella which they both enjoyed. Interesting combination of BYO with beer and wine to purchase. We brought our own homemade vodka gimlets. Dessert of flour less cake was amazing. Plenty of free refills on cappuccino, coffee and espresso. We will definitely return.
Very Impressive Jacksonville, You've Come A Long Way. Valentine's Day 2009. Although I've been awfully tempted, I had been waiting on that special occasion to come here. This seemed like the right night. V-day, I was with my special LDC, and a gift wrapped ring in my pocket. Reservation was at 8:45. We got lucky and parked just across the street. We walked in and approached the lady opening wine behind the bar. She looked up at me and said, " Ed L., party of 2" ? Me - Well yes!, you must be expecting us? She - Why certainly I was, I'm having your table cleared and cleaned right now, it will just be a few minutes. Me - Has it been busy? She - Ohhh! you can't imagine. She asked if we wanted wine but we declined. Two men walked in and chillingly asked if they could get a table for 8. She - (In her best Russian Natasha accent) said; Of course not. They - Looking befuddled and perturbed, they asked why not? She - Because we are full, that's why, too full. They shot the bull for a little while just to save face and asked for a reservation for tomorrow night? She - No They - Again befuddled and perturbed, asked why not? She - We are closed on Sunday. They - Ahahahahah!, you gotta be kidding us, you're closed on Sunday, (much laughter), followed by, "only in Jacksonville". She - What can I tell ya . . . ? They left through the same door the entered. She - Now Mr Ed L. your table is ready. We went down stairs and were seated at a linen cloth draped table for two. There was an air of elegance. Looking at the wine list, I could see it's one of the most complete I've seen in some time, at least from an Italian vintage vantage. It is rumored that there are 3600 bottles in the cellar. The LDC only wanted water but I asked my wait person to pick a glass of Sangiovasi. Excellent selection she made. The complementary bread was simple french (not heated) served with sweet butter on the side. How do you describe bread this delicious. I guess that will have to do. My LDC ordered the Veal Scaloppine Parmigina and I the Veal Scaloppine Marsala. Both servings were large and we shared samples off of each others plates. The Parmigiana was the basic thin cuts of veal floating gently in a thick tomato sauce and covered with melted cheese which I believe was just pungent enough to be imported. The sauce was rich with tang, garlic and basil and was the perfect complement to the extremely tender veal. An excellent plate at $30 and I'd expect it to be 40 in other cities. My Veal Marsala.....$30 was just what I was hoping for. Veal scaloppine wild mushrooms, marsala and thyme. A few of my shrooms near the edge of my plate were not covered in marsala and I could taste the butter and olive oil used in sauteing them. I have attempted this sauce several times at home and it's basically a combination of Marsala wine, butter, meat juices, and browned residue left in the pan from cooking the meat, reduced to the consistency of a sauce. I'm thinking my wine may have been too dry cause La Cena's chef prepared it exactly the way I had preconceived it should be. If not for so many interesting pasta dishes on the menu, I would absolutely order it again, no complaints. Both dinners were accompanied by a side salad with house vinaigrette dressing. Simple, basic and excellent. For desert, we ordered a cream caramel custard (akin to flan) that had a buttered orange caramel sauce over it. Much better that most flan although my LDC just took one small taste and said no more. I think she was more occupied with the little sapphire topped trinket she had just unwrapped. One last word,. We had as many as 3 wait staff watching over us all evening and even with this being one of their busiest nights, we didn't want for anything. ~~~~~HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED~~~~~
It's so great that there actually IS a place that qualifies as fine dining in Jacksonville, especially one downtown. I travel from NYC to Jacksonville often and since I found this place, it's been one of the very few here in which I enjoy eating. La Cena's chef (who is also the restaurant's owner) learned the business working in the great kitchens and dining rooms of New York. With that knowledge and experience under his belt, he then went on to preside over his own restaurants for the next 30+ years. You guys are so fortunate to have such a gem as La Cena at your disposal. Every single one of the many dishes I've had here has been expertly executed with much care applied. The appetizers like the bresaola and the polenta with either tomato & Gorgonzola or the Cognac/wild mushroom/cream reduction are wonderful. A fresh salad and their amazing house baked bread come gratis with every entree (if you'd like olive oil for your bread rather than the butter provided, just ask a server - she'll gladly bring you a dishful). They make their own fresh pastas daily, including tagliatelle, trenette, fettuccine and mortadella & Parmigiano stuffed cappelletti, all served perfectly al dente with a choice of sauces suitable to each shape: creamy, tomato based, meaty, with seafood and some other variations I've never seen in any other restaurant. I've seriously had some fantastic tasting unusual pasta dishes here that I'd never heard nor dreamed of before. Besides the fresh pastas they make in house, imported Italian pastas are also offered in an array of delicious preparations. Don't see something from the extensive menu that suits your fancy? Ask for the chef - he'll custom make you something (within reason). All pastas are available in appetizer, "primo" and entree sized portions. The meats are all cooked properly and in a myriad of styles which the kitchen will prepare for you with expert artistry. You can choose between two types of veal chops (rack or loin), veal scaloppini, chicken fillets, beef fillets or the fillet of pesce di giorno. You decide what style from the menu in which you'd like your choice prepared. All the food here is meticulously fresh and cooked to order, not to mention mouth wateringly scrumptious and very generously portioned. The wine list is amazing, offering a very comprehensive selection. It is all strictly Italian, with the chef/owner making sure that nothing but the very best makes it to his climate controlled wine cellar on a weekly basis. The prices are also very fair either by the bottle or by the glass served as "quartinos" (1/4 of 1 liter [one third of a bottle]). A nitrogen infusing system at the bar for the bottles insures that every wine by the glass is fresh and delightful. Upon gazing in from the outside, you may be fooled by this place's deceptively small looking size. The festive wine bar is at street level and is a terrific place to stop in after work for a couple of glasses of great wine along with some tasty appetizers. If you want to bring your laptop, they offer free WiFi (ask for the key) too. Great place to wait out Jacksonville's rush hour traffic! Beyond the wine bar though, there is a romantic sunken dining room that seats around 60 with a fountain and tables very widely spaced to afford you the utmost in intimacy and privacy (see pix). Eclectic Jazz at an unobtrusive level is the soundtrack they choose to play for their diners' relaxation. Why can't there be a place I enjoy so much like this in NYC near me?! I truly envy you guys, but as long as I keep getting to come to Jacksonville, I'll remain really happy that it's so surprisingly easy to get a La Cena reservation whenever I'm in town. I almost feel like a traitor for letting you in on this long time, best kept Jacksonville secret ;-)
Classy as always. I stopped by with a group of friends after a nice night ArtWalking. We felt brave and ordered Escargot. Yes, snails. I thought I wasn't going to make it. I thought I was going to barf. But no, I was really impressed with it. Which I'm sure was partially due to drowning my snails in the delicious garlic buttery sauce. Personally, I'm not into squishy foods unless it's tofu or jello. But the escargot, my cargo, was pretty good -- maybe a bit too adventurous for my tastes, though. The breadsticks are literally that -- skinny sticks made of bread. Crunchy and fresh, but could use a little more flavor. Aside from the tasty snail adventure, the 5 stars also comes from my main dish, which was just as delicious as the last time I came here. They make their own pasta, so it's always fresh at La Cena. And the sauce was divine as always (see my previous review). I think I know where I'll be eating at my next family birthday get-together. =)
The food is delicious.  Even the bread was tasty - warm and fresh out of the oven with a chewy crust, which I love. They have an extensive menu.  My Tile fish had mushrooms and a side of spinach.  The sauce was so light and the fish, a thick filet.  My friend had shrimp and scallops fettuccini and it was delicious too (of course, I had to try it). All of the food tasted like it was cooked healthy, not with oil or other heavy ingredients food is sometimes sautéed in.  The ambience is nice, candles on the tables and low lighting.  Groups from my work come here for special dinners so I had to give it a try.  Thank you chef Moran for a wonderful meal.
Went to La Cena for a business dinner....came away delighted, and deliciously satisfied! Service was first rate....Marlene took very good care of our table. We also met the proprietors (husband and wife), who also recommended a nice wine selection. This establishment is a gem. So....for the food, our table of four enjoyed four different entrees, all of which were very, very tasty, served hot, and cooked to our complete satisfaction. I ordered veal satimbocca which was hearty, flavorful, and cooked to perfection! So, let's recap: Location - downtown, very clean, nicely decorated, and a big plus: a nice clean bathroom....check! Food - delicious, numerous menu choices...check! Wine - great selection of Italian wines....check! Service - Marlene is fantastic!...check! Whaddaya waitin' for?
We recently hosted our organization's Christmas party there and it was outstanding!  They fed about 50 of us with a personal family style passing of plates of food that kept coming and coming!  We got to sample about 16 appetizers and 8 entrees and there wasn't one that I didn't like and so many that I loved!   I can't wait to go back and bring friends and family to introduce them to this hidden gem downtown.  It wasn't at all what I envisioned when I hear the term "Italian".  It was gourmet all the way! LOVED IT!
The quick 411: Quirky menu with lots of rules and caveats to ordering, eccentric chef, great staff, incredible food. After reading reviews for Le Cena we decided to head downtown on a dreary and rainy Wednesday night. Yes you know how it goes with nothing going on in downtown Jacksonville that night it was like a ghost town. We walked into La Cena and there was no one in the main level bar area and only two tables seated in the lower dining area. We were seated once we were recognized and not so attentively provided menus and a wine list. I thought this was a bit interesting but this is part of the charm that I have come to love here. The staff is there but they are not always in your face and dining here is an experience and not rushed. The wine list is very extensive, but be prepared it is 99% European wines, so if you are looking for an American Cab or Merlot it won't be there. By the bottle is the way to go here as there are marginal by the glass selections. It was when looking at the wine list that I noticed the first of many 'special instructions' on ordering the wine list stated "please do not ask your service staff for a tasting as wine is measured specifically by the bottle or 1/4 liter'. I just thought this was strange and as the night progressed I found little notes like this all over the menu. Once I caught on I do recommend that you read the HOUSE RULES on the first page inside the menu - it is a whoot, you will smile and enjoy, but don't deviate from them. The menu is very thorough. There are significant preparations for pasta, meat, fish, chicken and veal. If there is a preparation that is not on the menu you may request it, but know it will only be a request. I ordered the $32 dinner portion of Linguine Langosta &  Mollusca. This was a huge and I mean huge dish  of  2 Lobster tails, Clams, Mussels and Scallops over linguine in a white wine and garlic sauce. It was incredible!! My wife ordered, well I will be honest I don't remember, but it was an incredible pasta dish. The portions were so large that we could not finish even half! So based on that do not be scared of the prices as they feed armies. Speaking of portions you will need to ask the staff on the portion options. These are indicated on the HOUSE RULES page but in essence you can get 4 sizes of just about anything! I can't wait to have lunch today with left overs!
A publisher sponsored get together was held here in conjunction with a national educator's conference in Jacksonville.  We were seated at two large round tables in the dining area.  There weren't too many other customers - possibly because there was a Jaguar's game that night.  First interesting thing - a really long cracker-like bread stick.  This was like a foot and a half long and 2/3 or 3/4 of an inch in diameter.  Not much taste by itself but good with butter (what isn't?).   I didn't keep count but know we had more than 5 appetizers sent around for all to try.  Not skimpy portions either, more than enough for everyone to get a "good" taste with leftover for those who really liked the dish.   The fish and pasta entrees were excellent.  Surprising there was any room for them after all of the appetizers.  Might not be "really" authentic but they had personality - definitely not too "Americanized."   We were talking for a while after everyone gave up trying to eat any more when someone noticed we were the only ones left.  We apologized to the manager who told us to take our time and enjoy ourselves while they continued their end-of-day routine.  That was really nice. I have no idea what pricing was like but the food and service were top-notch.
I haven't eaten here. I made a reservation something came up and I didn't make it. I did not call, my mistake. The reservation was for 630pm. And they had the nerve to call me after 10 pm give me a hard time and hang up on me.  I will Never eat there now.
Decided to give La Cena a try since we were looking for a nice Italian restaurant that we haven't been to before. My take away based on our experience and reading other reviews on here and OpenTable are as follows: - Expect a long wait, even to place your initial drink order.  We waited forever before anyone acknowledged this after we were seated. - The menu is appealing, but there are a lot of rules and the chef's eccentricities begin to unfold as you read the various rules. - For the price, especially in Jacksonville, I expected a better flavored main course dish than what I was served.  My wife was very pleased with her's and the escargot appetizer was very good. Would we go again? I would've said yes to give it one more chance until I read other reviews.  I quickly realized not only is the wait and occasional blandness something that happens regularly, but also that if you write anything negative about the restaurant or staff, you will most likely be lambasted by Chef Jerry himself.  Taking the "customer is ignorant" approach (or calling someone a creature...yes he did, look here on Yelp) to any criticism of your restaurant is no way to run a business.  I have no idea how he's lasted 30 years, other than the fact that it seems you either love or hate this place, and the lovers-of have helped keep the lights on.
La Cena, which I think, must mean something like "the dinner" in Italian was a nice surprise for us the other night.  Ok, surprise may not be the right word, since I've had multiple people tell me that this place is worth a try. If you're looking for mushy, never ending bowls of starch with a salty sauce, then this isn't your place.  Also, if you're looking for a huge platter of stuff that tastes just like your companion's even though you ordered different things, then again, this ain't for you either. I've been to Italy a few times and I can't say that this was anything like the Italian food I've had.  Then again, it's all very regional and perhaps this was from a part of Italy I've not been to. Anyway, the decor was cozy, we had the entire joint to ourselves.  The chairs could be more comfortable, but that's really the only thing that's a drawback.  Overall, a very nice ambience, with earthy tones, white table cloths and flickering candle light.  Not 5 star, but nice. The service was friendly and not pretentious at all.  I'd read on another review site that it was.  Our waitress was friendly and very casual (almost too much so).  She recommended a nice wine that I can't recall the name of. We started with Shrimp Carbonata (of course) which was about 8 butterflied shrimp with a light breadcrumb crust.  It had a smoky flavor what was different and very good.  The crusty bread that comes with the meals was also nice, although slightly dense.  I do like olive oil with my bread and this was not offered. I had the Ceasar salad and Glabella had a house.  Mine was over dressed in a orangish, creamy sauce.  No anchovies were really noted, but it was cheesy.  Glabella liked it, but I've had better.  The house was a standard house salad with a vinegarette. My entree was really quite good.  I had Veal Caprese, which came as 3 pounded, lighltly but crisply fried veal steaks, each with a tomato slice, basil and mozarella melted on top.  I had broccolini and an eggplant/olive sautee as a side.   Glabella was forced to skip her shrimp mainstay and went with a chicken and eggplant dish that I can't recall the name of.  It was very good, almost excellent.  Large, juicy breasts covered by a slice of pan fried eggplant in a tomato sauce.  It was remarkable because I don't usually enjoy eggplant. Both of our dishes were of large portions and we opted to take some of it home.  The waitress was nice enough to include some more bread in our take home bag. We were so full we couldn't even look at desserts.  Truly a travesty. This is the kind of place that really should do better and I can't figure out why it doesn't.  I think perhaps the pricing is a little steep for most of the simple country folk we have here in Jax.  haha.  Entrees were almost all $20-30 each.  Not exactly easy for the average person to fork over, including myself.   I think I'd go back...but there also are a bunch of other spots I'd like to try first.
Discovering La Cena is rather like discovering a sophisticated speakeasy in the midst of downtown Jacksonville. And, once you find it, you are set for the night. The ambiance is non-intrusive, allowing you and your significant other and/ or guests to paint your own evening. The service is as warm as a hug yet, it too, is non-intrusive. The food and wine are extraordinary. Dining at La Cena, like falling through the looking glass, is an enchanted experience that cannot be replicated anywhere in Jacksonville.
My only choice to go when I get the luxury of being spoiled for a quiet and fantastic dinner in downtown Jacksonville is La Cena. This is my favorite restaurant and I am so happy that Chef Gerry has continued to serve amazing Italian delicacies for me throughout my life. As a child, La Pasta Fresca...La Cena's predecessor and one of Gerry's first restaurants, was the only place you could go to truly have an authentic, fresh, and tasty dining experience. What La Pasta Fresca lacked in ambiance has been made up for 100 times over. Seated quietly in the enchanting lower level seating area, a glimpse through the front doors of the beautiful historic downtown architecture combined with the fabulous wines and the remarkable menu makes the guest feel that they may just be in another big city, certainly not Jacksonville. The food is truly fresh and the presentation is always beautiful.  My favorite meal, not on the menu usually, and created upon my special request....Cappelletti Rosato....(thanks Gerry!) is always perfect. The Frutti di Mare is one of the specialties and seems to be a favorite...though I will never know more than a few bites of because I always get the same thing! I try and try to make it through to the desserts, because they are incredible, too, but the portions are big. This is a good thing, so I can enjoy the leftovers for breakfast the next day....yummy...nothing like cold pasta for breakfast! I cannot say enough about this all time favorite of mine. Any chance I have to get prettied up for an evening out, especially for birthdays and special occasions, I always say La Cena and I will follow Gerry anywhere he goes. You must try this place and you will love it too.
I was very disappointed by the service here. My husband and I are locals relocated from San Francisco who had never been to La Cena, and came here for a night out without the kids. We made reservations, and were greetly nicely upon arrival. However, the service was downhill from there. Our first rub was that the menu is overrun with diatribes from the chef/management about their irritations with unsaavy patrons, i.e. order this way, don't order that way, don't bother asking for accommodations if its a substandard request beneath our culinary elitism, etc. A little bit of that can be humurous, but it was over-the-top. It simply came across that they seemed to think it was a priviedge to get to eat at their establishment - which is ridiculous, especially for Jacksonville. We could have laughed that off as absurd and moved on and had a nice evening if it weren't for the fact that we were ignored repeatedly by the staff. Clearly, this restaurant has regulars. The regulars are in the over 55 crowd, and they cater to them, to the detriment of non-regulars. When we were seated, we were only one of two parties in the restaurant, and we told the staff we had a show to get to. Three sets of regulars came in after us, and all were being catered to with drinks, wine, salads and appetizers long before us. The dining area is far too small for the staff to behave this way. It was extremely obvious. I couldn't help but wonder - how do they suppose they'll get their next generation of regulars? We won't be back, which is unfortunate, because the food is good (which is why I gave them 2 stars instead of 1) and had the service even been just mediocre, we certainly would have been back - with friends and family next time. Unfortunately for them, there will be no next time. Better hope those regular's children - or grandchildren - are local and will carry on the tradition of dining here. Regarding Jerry's comments below. Well, I guess it unfortunately justifies the rating, sadly.  I really want to like his place and rate it higher, and I would have given it another shot and adjusted my review, but the owner is so ungracious and behavior a little whacky that I simply can't. It's so unfortunate because I would love to support it downtown, but this owner makes me very uncomfortable, especially after the rant below, which seems like an attack on me. When I saw he commented I thought maybe he offered to give it another try, a typical owner response who would like to make amends with a customer who felt repeatedly ignored by staff. And then this is what shows up .... Just, wow .... I've tried to stay balanced about Jerry and acknowledge his positive attributes, which he has, when many others seem to simply despise him but this just makes it hard. This isn't normal public behavior from a local business owner. :(
I had a horrible experience, along with the group that joined me at La Cena for a friend's birthday celebration.  We were so excited to try this place but were so disappointed with the service and lack of respect for our group.  The food wasn't worth the price and was mediocre at best. But what really ruined our experience was the service, or lack there of.  The staff, I believe a family run restaurant, was so rude to us that I would never step foot in this place again.
The best Italian cuisine in Jacksonville! Our Flounder Livornese with capers and olives was cooked to perfection. The Chocolate Mousse was to die for. Excellent Italian wine list with many selections from Jermann.
Don't let this tiny storefront fool you - there's a lower level just past the bar with a decent sized dining room that could probably fit about thirty people or so.  Cozy, which is nice, but better when they turned up the lights and we could actually read our menu. The menu looks complicated, but it's not - the heading tells you what the meat is, and the multiple choices are how you want it prepared.  I got the fish, which had about a dozen options, all of which sound amazing.  I opted for the seafood mix and it was all I could have dreamed... there was so much seafood, they had to put the pasta is a separate bowl! Definitely not a place to come in a hurry, since there was about a forty-five to an hour wait for our food after we ordered, but if you do have the time, worth the wait.  Hot, pungent, delicious, and here I am trying to cut down my portion size.  A terrible place to go for sensible eating, but I'm coming back all the same.
Great food and fantastic staff. Every dish was great. I just wish that this restaurant was located next door to my apartment in NYC!
Good food but both of our young female servers were very rude.
My husband and I love this restaurant. We rarely go downtown but this place is well worth it.    The staff is very attentive to your needs and the food is unbelievable for Jacksonville.  if you are visiting, give this place a try, I feel like I am back in NY when you go there. My husband loves the veal dishes, I love the Emiliana Cappeletti, Mussels Posilipo and the Ellie Fish.  Call ahead for reservations as sometimes they are 100% booked and sometimes totally open, our downtown is so unpredictable!
This review is overdue!  I was introduced to La Cena during Downtown Vision's 'Dine with us Downtown', and was completely impressed.  Check out the pictures and get a good feel for La Cena's atmosphere in Downtown Vision's facebook album here: preview.tinyurl.com/7brd….  This picture and the next 29 are from LaCena. :) I loved La Cena so much that I spearheaded the choice for our organization's Christmas Party here in December and we had about 50 in attendance.  I lost count of how many people came up to me and said 'Where did you find this place?!... Fantastic!... LOVE IT!... etc.   One thing I would like to point out is that we did try to keep our costs down and didn't have the veal or more expensive entrees, but that didn't keep the great flavor and quality away at all!   I would highly recommend La Cena.  Bring your family and friends for great food and service in an intimate environment.
After trying several other Italian restaurants in all of NE Florida, and coming back a few times since my last rating I must go to four stars now.  In Italian I would say 'multa tutti bene ristorante' !
Great food, slow but friendly service, atmosphere is not great
First of all, 1 star is being nice! We had been visiting Jacksonville on vacation and decided to stop in here for dinner. When we arrived there were only two other people in the restaurant. We were seated in the dining area which was very quiet and cold feeling. The young lady that seated us had no personality what so ever! At the table behind us there were a man and woman sitting there talking to the owner. The woman was loud and very obnoxious and every other word out of her mouth was the F word. No I do not get offended by the F word, but for god sakes SHUT UP! She thought she was something special but came off like trash! To make it even worse, they started telling jokes that were just rude. They were telling jokes about nuns sucking di&*, religion and minority groups. Just what I wanted to hear as I ate this crappy dinner. The owner started talking about social media and stated that anyone who gave him or his restaurant a bad review was an idiot. Well I hope you read this you rude SOB, I'm highly educated and have had food from a fast food restaurant that was so much better than yours! The food...Our house salad was only lettuce which more than likely came from a bag. It was horrible. I had a chicken dish that was swimming in lemon sauce and had no flavor. Needless to say, this was a horrible way to end our visit to Jacksonville.
We had a family dinner at La Cena two nights ago and it was DELICIOUS! The pasta is homemade and tastes so fresh. I ordered Trenette de Julianna and I highly recommend it. My husband ordered the Trennete de Cornelia and is was equally as good. Our son got the grilled steak and he loved every bite. I highly recommend this restaurant!
Pray to god you don't get the Asian waitress named Marlene(?) who works there.  I was here during a work conference, the atmosphere was quiet and cold. The other waitresses were friendly but the service was lacking. Marlene was pretentious and rude when I asked her questions; she was not friendly whatsoever but gave an attitude and looked down at our table like we were idiots.  I had already mentioned that this was our first time coming in. We were the first customers of the evening with my table of 4 and it took over an hour for entrees to be served. When I asked for any dinner or drink specials the waitress looked at me like I was crazy. When I asked for recommendations or popular menu items she was neither helpful or attentive. My glass of water had to be filled by another waitress even after someone reminded her that our table needed refilling services. The prices per entree ranged from at least $25+. If you're on a $50 a day per diem I wouldn't spend it here. The only positive comment that I would have to say is that their portions are huge but its definitely what you're paying for. Service and food go hand in hand, if one's lacking I would not waste my time on returning or trying this place out, as mentioned in previous reviews that they obviously treat their returning customers better than ones that haven't been before.
Just made my second visit to La Cena.  My first was excellent, my second lacked everything I liked about my first.  Not sure what happened - there was a concert in town and probably a few more people in the restaurant than normal for a Thursday night.  They were seriously understaffed for wait service and I cannot abide by my waitress wearing a sleeveless dress with her underarms exposed and flip flops - not when dinner for two cost north of $200 (wine included).  Food was bland, uninteresting and as a result, severely over-priced.  I would not go back - in fact, were it not a business dinner, I would have complained vociferously on the spot.  This place would not survive for long in a "foodie" city like NY, Chicago, San Francisco.  I was very disappointed and embarassed - especially later when walking back to the hotel - when my customer mentioned the waitress' inappropriate attire.
