MARK MY WORDS: BEST RESTAURANT IN JACKSONVILLE FLORIDA! I had arranged a private dining event with Sarah a week in advance. She was extremely helpful in getting us the reservation and following up. Nick was our server for the event and he was outstanding. His service was top notch, he was well prepared and thoughtful. The entire staff there, from Dalvin the bartender to Nick's service assistant who went by the code name "ginger", was helpful and attentive. Matthews has perfectly executed every meal and drink I've ever had there on 4 different visits. I am originally from the DC metropolitan area and have seen some really nice restaurants. Matthews stands out in JAX and could rival any of those. As far as the dining experience and food: We had some cheese and meats along with the fried blue cheese stuffed olives, yes fried blue cheese stuffed olives with sundried tomatoes and more! As far as the appetizers go: I have never seen such an amazing selection of appetizers. I literally wanted one of each. I tasted the foie gras: perfectly prepared and caramelized with a confi onion and marmalade, the amazing seared pork belly, and the escargot with prosciutto, enough said. My entree was the Wild Boar Tenderloin where I received another small piece of the foie gras, the boar prepared perfectly (Med) and seasoned perfectly, accompanied by the a la carte sides of the mac and cheese, truffled fries, seasonal veggies and honey, and the best roasted fingerling potatoes with fennel I"ve ever had. We had many sides to share for the table. I was fortunate enough to have shared a piece of the lupe de mar (Bronzino) and the snapper fish dishes. The Bronzino was the best filet I've ever had with a nice thickness, no bones, perfectly seasoned/crispy skin that I cut with a fork. The sweet potato souffle was phenomenal, with the perfect balance of sweet and savory. We did enjoy a couple of wonderful wine selections from a damn good menu put together by Pavel. I really like how he selects wine. The Latour Premier Cru Montagny Chardonnay was stellar with all of the rich food, along with the Chianti Classico and the Semillon dessert wine. This is the meal made for big time pallets who enjoy the rich/decadent flavors that the culinary world has to offer. A place that explodes your pallet and a chef that can take you to new food heights! Bravo Matthew and thank you!!
Made a reservation on opentable for myself.  Showed 7:30pm and 9:30pm only.  At 9:30pm, only one other table was left.  Better to call and get a reservation for a specific time, for me it would have been 8pm. Had the tasting menu plus wine pairing.  Also, added seared foie gras and a glass of champagne before the tasting.  Foie gras was nice good balance of sweet, savory and fat.  Too big of a piece of vidalia onion but no worries. Salmon tartare with curry oil.   One big Diver scallop - well seasoned, puree of something worked well to increase the sweetness.  It was my favorite dish of the tasting and i'm not a big fan of scallops raw or cooked. Soft shell crab - sauteed.  My second time having sauteed and I just think it doesn't work.  Needs to be corn starched and lightly fried.  Gills were not cleaned out so that didn't help either. Pork belly - cooked well, preferred a big more fatty. Cheese and nuts course was tiny and one cheese.  Kinda weak to be considered a course. Flourless chocolate cake - awesome Great service from Sarah W.  She knew well, both on dishes and wine pairings.
Matthew's is one of the first places I bookmarked when I seriously started Yelping. That was 5+ years ago. FINALLY made it in to check it out as I'm a big fan of Restaurant Medure and wanted to see what their other location was like.   We were early for our reservation so we got ourselves a drink at the bar and relaxed for a bit. My husband ordered a glass of wine & I went with the Melon Mule. I'm a big fan of the more traditional Moscow Mule they offer at Medure. Something about the melon vodka just didn't work for me with the ginger beer. It was hard not to order something to snack on, but we knew we had a big night ahead of us. We had planned ahead of time to both order the tasting menu. I glanced at a couple of the menu items when we sat down, but I was still All In for leaving it up to the talented chefs in the kitchen. Six courses for $75 ($125 if you order the wine pairings). It's a little more than we like to spend, I'll admit, but it was a birthday dinner, so we went for the splurge. We felt the first course took a little long to come out, but once the meal started our waiter Brian kept us going at a really nice pace for dinner. Not too fast and not too long of a wait between courses. Bravo for Brian on that one. First course arrived and our evening began. First up was a beef tartare with sriracha aioli & capers in a crispy wonton. The wonton was light which made it easy to bite and not overwhelm the mouthfeel. The ingredients of the dish were perfectly matched and I could have easily eaten a whole serving tray of these little buggers. Bread & butter service happened along with the first course as well. I opted for the peach foccacia. The butter was an unsalted butter sprinkled with pink hawaiian salt. I've really learned to appreciate good butter and wish I could have some of this stuff every day. Second course came out and was a lovely little local soft shell crab with succotash and more of the delis sriracha aioli. We can only assume (we didn't ask) the batter on the crab was along the lines of a tempura batter as it was so light and airy and really let the crab shine in the dish. Third course was a pasta. We were guessing it would be a soup as they had brought us spoons, but we were proven wrong. Way to keep us on our toes! The pasta was a perfectly al dente casarecce pasta with duck confit, butternut squash puree and pine nuts. Perfect example of a fall dish. Sweet & savory and bowl-lickable. Fourth course was our protein. Crispy pork belly with delicata squash, long beans and a blackberry gastrique. There was what we determined to be a gravy on the plate as well, but it was thick like a puree, so again they had us guessing. In a good way of course! Perfectly crispy skin on the pork belly and just enough fat to melt in your mouth. Fifth course was a cheese course: Gorgonzola Picante (aka sharp) with a variety of crostini, spiced nuts, and dried apricots. While this could have been my husband's dessert, I was excited for what was coming for the finale even though I had no idea what it was going to be. Sixth course was what we've named a Huckleberry Trio. I don't know if there was really a name for the dish, but that describes it best. It was a Amaretto pot de creme with a huckleberry jam & toasted nut topping. There was a (super fresh) huckleberry macaron. As well as two huckleberry financiers: chewy, soft, almost crostini like cookies with huckleberries in the center. All in all the dinner was fantastic and I can't wait to go back. It may be a while because our wallet definitely took a hit, but we can sit in the bar and have just as good of time with really good food & drinks.
This place is too inconsistent to be true "fine dining," in my view.  I've been there a few times and am not going back.  There shouldn't be as many 2 and 3 star reviews for a place to charge what these guys want.  Service is polite, but slow.  It took forever to get our meals, and the place was near empty on my last visit.  (I actually went and tapped the server on the shoulder at one point to ask "Did you guys forget about us?")  Portions are small.   My date, who *never* sends back food, sent back her fish, and then they didn't have the next seafood dish she wanted.  (This reminded me of the Anthony Bourdain "don't order fish early in the week" rule.) They comp'd a dessert (it was her birthday), but it was still an expensive and disappointing experience.
Thursday night, I had a reservation to Matthew's restaurant. The night started really well, as I was searching for a parking spot when I spotted a sign that said "Complementary parking" for customers. The guy who took care of my car, and everyone else was polite and professional, the way I like it. For dinner, I had the only IPA listed on the menu, the Founders Centennial, a very nice IPA well rated all over the internet. If you do not know what IPA means, IPA stands for Indian Pale Ale. I also had fried blue cheese olives, marinated with sundried tomato and mozzarella. For olives lovers, this was a very nice starter that you need to try. Strong flavors, just good to get started. I liked a lot the fact that one could choose between what I think was six types of bread. I chose wheat and walnut raisin. Very good both. The main course was the hawaiian tuna, with mussels, broccolini, daikon (a mild-flavor winter radish), ginger tomato and cilantro. Price $39.  In general terms, it was good, but not great. I enjoyed the garlic flavor and cilantro, but I believe the cooking of dish was not able to get flavor that I was expecting to taste.
Ahhh, second time I've been and I was blown away. Again. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful and the service was wonderful. From the complementary valet to the servers. And now the food, everything I've tasted here is just perfection. Everything was perfectly cooked, seasoned and presented. Five stars, no question about it. The chef and his crew work together in harmony and everything seems choreographed. It's a fantastic show to experience.
After leaving Matthews last night, we knew we had visited one of the truly exceptional restaurants of Jacksonville, FL. Based upon my criteria of atmosphere, execution, food quality, and service, this little restaurant impressed me with every course in full-on fine dine dining experience. What made it striking was that there were semi-experimental dishes on the menu that either worked for me or they didn't, but I was glad to have tried them all as Amanda and I shared all of the plates served. Even the ones I made the funny faces about, such as the Curry Gelato, were welcomed as challenges to the my palate. I look forward to returning in the near future as the knock-out dishes from the 1st courses, such as the escargot and the beef tartare, and the pasta dishes of the 2nd courses were exceptionally rich in flavor and freshness. They deserve a repeat performance for me. I should also note that our server, Nicholas, was exceptional in our service as he clearly guided us in the right direction and came up with a fun wine from Alsace to pair with dinner. If you decide to visit, I would suggest dressing up for the occasion and honoring the experience as well as yourselves while basking in this prime example of culinary radiance and fine dining.
Best service in Jacksonville, hands down. Very romantic setting. Pretty expensive, but not to the point where is unbelievable.  The food was great.  Not something that I can see myself craving, but it was really good.  Overall, you're definitely paying for the experience and Matthews didn't disappoint.
The drinks were though elegantly presented to strong for my palate. As a seasoned alcohol fan, and one that appreciates a good cocktail, I can't say in all confidence they were worth the price. I gave them many a chance as I tried the French Pear martini, the White Thai Basil Margarita, the May Day Flower, their cucumber martini, and unmemorable others. Escargot was my favorite. Reminiscent of the classic dish of steamed muscles in a wine a butter sauce, it changed my opinion of how snails should taste. The sauce, a spinach, shiitake, and sherry cream emulsion was fantastic. The bits of well done proscuitto adds a light smokiness and added protein. My main course, a perfectly cooked wild salmon--- was very disappointing. The green curry sauce had no flavor but it was still a good crust and complimented the salmon flavor. The crispy pan noodle didn't belong on the plate and the accompanying red miso sweet and sour sauce was bland, maybe it was overcooked, it was a mere miso gravy. In this town the Matthews name carries weight as it has long been considered one of the premier places to dine in Jacksonville. The service was top notch and fit a five star rating and the food starters and for the table entries corroborate this. But in my recent visit, they just didn't bring the flavor in the main courses so and so I must rate them four meow meow beans (Community reference, you heathens)
It had been quite some time since we had been to Matthew's for an actual dinner, and this was the first visit since the menu change. We arrived for our reservation quite early, so saddled up to the bar to enjoy a few of their specialty cocktails before being seated. I will admit, it's kind of hard not to compare their cocktails with a few other of my favorite places to grab a fancy drink in town, actually, I take that back. It was impossible. First up, the Summer Porch Sling. Gin, lemon, pineapple juice, raspberries and hibiscus water. Sounds amazing, right?  I am not a huge hard liquor drinker, so it was probably just me, and maybe I'm spoiled with the sneaky drinks I've had lately that mask the alcohol flavor with other delightful ingredients. Long story short, I ended up switching with Adam and drinking his rhubarb-cucumber martini. (That was amazing.) I really wanted to try the French Pear martini as well, so ordered one up. It was mainly champagne and pear vodka, which was good, but I prefer this drink elsewhere. The Natural Truth: vodka, aperitif, grapefruit, lemon, orange zest and ginger was so strong, it about knocked my socks off. But again, I am a bit of a light weight, so if you like a stronger drink, this may be for you. The White Grapefruit Thai basil margarita that Adam ordered was amazing thou. OK, drinks are out of the way... now for the food! We started off with the fried blue cheese stuffed olives, that came with mozzarella and sun dried tomatoes. While fried perfectly, and the additions tone down the flavor a bit, there is something about the blue cheese heated up that I didn't care for.... Next up: escargot and foie gras. This was the first time I've had escargot.... and it was absolutely amazing! The combined flavors of the prosciutto, spinach, shiitake and sherry cream made every single bite a life enhancing experience. Nothing like I expected and totally mind blowing. But the real star of the show was the foie gras.  Shut the front door, shut your mouth, slap yo momma, melt in your mouth like golden butter good. One of the best things I have ever tried. I'll dream of it.... I was full by this point, but we went ahead with entrees. I opted for a pasta (they are a smaller portion, which was perfect) and had the rigatoni with chorizo, mussels, shrimp, and lobster. It was ok, but wasn't too blown away. The roasted corn added a nice sweet, smokey flavor, but I'll definitely go a different direction next time. No room for dessert this trip, but I'll be happy to head back, anytime
A high quality, upscale eclectic italo-french restaurant that impressed my clients, and me.  The menu is filled with unique, creative dishes, and is not presenting "standards."  There is a pasta section with 5 selections, and I actually had the most conventional of them all, a bolognese radiatore (though they were out of radiatore) though I gave their bolognese only a 3.5/5, It was serviceable and tasty.  I was intrieged by the Bucatini with vegetables and lemon zest, but was just in the mood for a sugo.  Their desserts expressed the same aesthetic as the rest of the menu, I had a Souffle with elderflower liquer in the souffle batter and a blueberry sauce.  It was perfectly executed and the flavors were very well matched. The wine list was extensive and on Monday nights, half price!.  Now that works for me.  We had a Gundlach Bunchau Cab (the last one), another Alexander Valley cab and cali chard which I don't remember! The owner, Matthew helped me out a few weeks afterwards when I needed a copy of the recipt.  He was courteous and a pleasure to speak with.  I would unhesitaingly recommend this restaurant to anyone interested in an upscale dining experience in Jacksonville.
It was our wedding anniversary and we had a gift certificate to Mathews, so we decided to splurge on the tasting menu with the wine pairing.  Yes, our expectations were high, but  unfortunately, as soon as we walked in the door, we knew that something was off.  There was a distinct smell, like cleaning solution or used mop water.  It was very pungent in the bar area, and slightly less in the dinning room.  However, we could still smell it at out table.  My palate is not as refined as professional food critics, but I do understand that smell affects taste.  When you smell a horrible odor at our table, it affects the enjoyment of your meal. We would have been able to overlook the smell if the food was outstanding, but it was average.  The menu has some great options, but it was strange they told us that we couldn't order any of the pasta.  No problem, we came for the tasting menu and wine pairing.  Overall, the tasting menu was just OK; two of the six items were really good, there other four were average.  We were excited about the venison serving, but half the pieces were chewy.  And I wish the end was strong, but the dessert was not memorable at all.  We had leftover cake when we got home.   The worse part for us was the wine pairing.  The waiter didn't know anything about the wines; he just read what was on the label.   And it seemed like we were given whatever  was remaining in bottles at the bar.  Three of the pours finished off the bottle.  When we ordered, I asked what the wine pairing were, and the waiter couldn't tell us.  That's a bad sign. The service was alright.  The waiter's assistant spilled water on our table, but whatever, those things happen. My overall take on Matthews is that this was probably an outstanding addition to the Jacksonville dinning scene when it opened.  I can imagine that it was the best restaurant in town, but those days have long past. I can think off five restaurants off the top of my head where you would get better food, better service, classier ambiance, for a much better price.  If you went to a major city and treated yourself to a nice dinner and ate what we had, you would be severely disappointed.
Amazing food and waiter had excellent knowledge of wines. Great atmosphere.. We tried the Chefs Tasting adventure and it was awesome even though we asked for adjustments to the ingredients
Maybe we went on an off night, but I was not impressed with the food here at all. I will note, however, that the bar service and drinks were excellent. I ordered a dish that contained beef tips and polenta and my bf ordered a duck breast dish. My beef tips were overcooked and pretty tough. The polenta was extremely runny, as if it was undercooked. The flavor was pretty great, but the consistency was very off. MY bf's duck breast was seasoned wonderfully, but there was still a substantial amount of fat that had not been rendered off. We've heard from enough people that they really like this place so whenever we get back to Jacksonville to visit my family again, maybe we'll give it another shot. I just feel it was overpriced for the quality of food we received this visit.
The atmosphere was great!  I liked the setting of the restaurant.  I thoroughly enjoyed seeing the chefs at work while waiting for my food.   For appetizer I ordered their bone marrow.  It was surprisingly good - again, you get to see them slice the bone from your seat.  Haha.  For dinner, I ordered a tenderloin cooked medium with a side of grilled vegetables.  I enjoyed both.  For dessert - I ordered a chocolate soufflé, which  was absolutely amazing.  I'm a creme brûlée person so their chocolate soufflé def exceeded my expectation.   This place is awesome plus they offer complimentary valet parking. (:
Awesome cheese and meat starter!  More than enough for 2. Great atmosphere and service !
This was our 38th anniversary celebration. Probably the best food we've ever had at a restaurant. The use of herbs and spices was elegant - powerful flavors laced delicately but not subtly with the main ingredients gave a learning experience as well as an incredibly delicious meal. We were overwhelmed with service, not only waited on by two people hand and foot, but informed by them at our every whim, answering our questions about the recipes as well as about the fresh ingredients. We ordered two salads, both wonderful, but the one made of fennel root at a major ingredient was not even close to anything we've ever had. The tempura fried olives "for the table" started us out, again something I've never even imagined, and ambrosia to the palate. Kudos to David and Nathan, and the crew of smiling chefs under Matthew's direction!
Around my father's birthday my parents came in town to visit. Having arranged an incredible culinary tour through Manhattan around his birthday last year, the pressure was on to take them to the best restaurants Jacksonville has to offer. I'd been told that Matthew's just had to make that list. I arranged for an early Friday evening dinner and when we arrived, we were the third party in the small dining area. We were greeted warmly upon entering by the hostess but we weren't impressed by our server who, although helpful, showed little personality or excitement about the food or our dining there. The meal started off great with the homemade focaccia bread and the olive loaf. Both were delicious. The chef prepared a non-dairy preparation of the escargo with prosciutto, which was fabulous! The veal and short rib meatball was good, but not spectacular and the scallop, which was baked in a puff pastry with pate was very unique in its preparation and even better on the palate. I had the pork chop with a bacon jelly on top which was tender and juicy to the bone. The brussel sprouts were lightly fried and the kale with onions was cooked well but the truffle fries were the worst of the sides that we tried. But, forget the fries, the real issue was that it took about 45 minutes for our main courses to arrive after we'd finished our appetizers. The chef came to the table to apologize, which was a nice gesture and she offered desserts on the house. The waiter then came out to bring a round of celebratory drink and strawberry sorbet for us and he tipped the tray and spilled the beverages all over the table and onto our clothes and purses. Sigh, it was a bit of a disaster. Everyone in the restaurant turned to look at us. I'm guessing that since most people love Matthew's, our experience was an anomaly. While the food was definitely excellent, it was the other issues that forced me to dock a few stars.
OMG!  This place really stands out to me.  I've been waiting for a special occasion to go here and I'm so mad at myself for waiting.  Service A+, Food A+++, Atmosphere A+.  Hands down, this takes my number one restaurant in Jacksonville award.  I had a steak dish which doesn't sound very exciting until you ask the waiter to explain it to you.  Best steak in town hands down.  Marinated in herbs and spices that will knock your socks off.   If you don't feel like a formal dinner, sit at their bar which looked awesome and enjoy the live music.  Otherwise, enjoy their formal dining room which will make for one of the best meals you have had in a long time.   ENJOY!
We did the tasting menu here on Friday night with the wine pairing.  $125 a person and more or less left hungry.  The food was good and the wine was good, but what gives... give me a little more of some food please.   The service was decent, the waiter we had kept stumbling over what he was bringing us and was not very confident at all.  For the price I would have expected a but more.
I went here in a group with 50 people so the service was rather slow, but I will not hold that against them. Serving a huge group is hard. For an appetizer, I had caprese salad. The tomato was slightly roasted and there was pesto instead of basil. I even ate the mozzarella, which I don't usually like. The bread is really good and the butter is SCRUMPTIOUS I had steak which was very delicious. For dessert I had chocolate cake which was good. If I am ever in Jacksonville again I will go here.
My husband and I went to Matthews for our Valentine's Day dinner, but chose to go a few days later so that we could enjoy a normal tasting menu instead of the abbreviated Valentine's Day one.  I am a huge fan of tasting menus and love to be able to try whatever the chef thinks are his best ingredients and combinations of the night.  In DC, these menus are everywhere, but Matthews is the only place we've found thus far with a tasting menu in Jacksonville.  They also have top notch service, down to offering both a light and dark napkin depending on your ensemble. We started off  with a very light course - I can't remember the word for the cooking style, but it was similar to ceviche, and featured a slice of a scallop and a bit of a white fish.  It was very tasty, but I was worried that if all of the courses were this light, my husband was going to be very hungry when we left. The next course was AMAZING - the best one.  A half of a fresh lobster tail, burrata, eggplant compote with three different caviars.  I've never had such delicious lobster tail - SO good. Next was a pasta course, with mussels, lumb crab, and a white wine sauce.  It was tasty, the mussels were very clean, and the crab was a nice touch.   Next was a swordfish and then, to be honest, I can't remember what came after that.  We finished with an olive oil pound cake with homemade ice cream which was fantastic. Every course was paired with a great wine which is likely why I can't remember the later courses as well.  We will definitely be back - this was a great meal and a great experience.
Pavel and April were wonderful...... Rebecca and her desserts have set a beautiful stadard
We showed up to Matthew's without a reservation, dressed to the nines for our anniversary date. Originally, the plan was to eat at Chart House, but when the night arrived, we wanted to try something new. We're just spontaneous that way :) As we drove down Hendricks Avenue discussing our options, I spotted Matthew's and remembered all the rave reviews I'd heard about the famous chef, Matthew Medure. We walked inside and were immediately greeted warmly by the hostess and the beautifully refined decor. Nothing too crazy, just soft lighting and creamy neutral colors that set a tone of relaxed, tasteful ambiance. We encountered zero snobbery about our lack of reservation and, after telling the hostess that it was a special occasion, we were treated as if the staff had been planning our anniversary dinner for weeks. Every staff member exemplified the fine-dining experience. One server even apologized for walking in front of me on my path back to the table after a bathroom visit! Before we ordered our food, our server presented us with complimentary glasses of champagne, and explained the menu in detail, including the tasting options. She was funny, gracious and very knowledgeable. We decided against the Chef's tasting menu, but I would like to try it in the future. We started our meal with the Escargot in a cream sauce that was warm, comforting and completely satisfying. I chose the Scallops, cooked medium, for my entree and they were rich and flavorful, while still maintaing the light and fresh quality I crave in seafood. My date ordered a steak, which I also tried, and we both agreed it was cooked very well. Dessert, as usual, was the most memorable part of the meal. Our server brought our chocolate souffle out piping hot with "Happy Anniversary" written on our plate in chocolate. She offered to take our photo which we loved. The souffle was decadent and bittersweet, exactly how I like my chocolate. As we were finishing up, we were given a card, signed by the front and back of the house staff, congratulating us on the occasion and thanking us for choosing to spend our evening at Matthew's. A very nice finishing touch to a lovely evening! I highly recommend Matthew's for any fine dining occasion. It is expensive, undoubtedly, and the portions aren't huge, but if you're looking for an impressive meal with refined fare and pleasant staff, then Matthew's delivers.
My husband & I chose Matthews for our annual Christmas date, as we were planning on seeing a play in nearby San Marco square after dinner/drinks. Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by a beautiful ambience. There was white, modern furniture, bright lighting & a beautiful bar with the different liquors show cased. Immediately, we knew this place was classy. We decided to sit at the bar & take part in happy hour, which is 5-7pm daily, with $5 select wines & $7 martinis. I chose the petit syrah (which was poured very generously), while my husband chose Duke Brown Ale, a Jacksonville home-brew. For food, we started with the cheese plate. Not really sure exactly the types of cheese on the plate but it seemed like a gorgonzola, brie, sharp cheddar & brie. This platter was a piece of art & came with crostini, candied nuts, a date, some grapes.  Following the cheese plate, we chose seared beef tips over country grits & buffalo calamari with blue cheese dipping sauce. The beef tips were cooked to a perfect medium & were so juicy. The calamari was spicy, but not over powering. My husband says "this is the best calamari I've ever had". Appetizers were priced reasonably ($6-$10) & the service was outstanding. Would definitely return. Also, for all of you Jaguar season ticket holders, there is a teal deal for Matthews...$20 off purchase of $50!
We have been regulars at Matthews for the past year.  Our last visit was completely unacceptable and Matthews simply does not seem to care about their customers.  Upon arrival we found no valet.  Our server had to be prompted several times to share the details of the chef's tasting menu.  Of course, the server did not memorize it and had to read it off from a cheat sheet.  The menu here is pretty stagnant from the viewpoint of being a regular customer.  Even though the menu barely changes, they were out of 2 items from their menu early in the evening (6pm).  I ordered the "sushi grade Ahi tuna" cooked rare.  It was so incredibly full of sinew that I could not cut through it with the sharp steak knife they provided.  I did return the Ahi and ordered the ribeye, cooked medium rare, which took 20 minutes to come out of the kitchen (long after my spouse had finished eating).  My ribeye was mostly medium rare except it was completely burned (not seared) on one side...so much so that I actually was able to cut the completely burned layer off and leave it on my plate.  The beverage service was inattentive, and the quality of check backs by the server was poor.  A manager, nor anyone from the kitchen, took the time to both verify the complaint about the tune and visit our table to apologize.  And clearly, no one was watching for quality control over my ribeye.  Most of the other items were plated sloppily as well.  I've tried contacting Matthews, but I can't get anyone to answer the phone during the time I am calling and I'm usually too busy during the evening. I would send them a message through their facebook page, but my message months ago never received a reply.  I can no longer recommend Matthews due to poor service, food and management. OLD REVIEW: I have to say that the food was absolutely 5 star, but there were some things lacking based on the targeted demographic.  First, it was absolutely frigid in the restaurant during our visit.  With entrees in excess of $50, I expect to sit in comfort while dining.  Second, the attentiveness of the service was spotty.  Our server was very professional, and appropriately friendly, but we had already eaten our appetizer before being offered a beverage, and a request for another piece of bread was forgotten and then still not offered to any other guests when finally brought to the table.  Still, the food was absolutely stellar, but we will not return when the temperature outside is cool and will request an attentive server (which is not an appropriate thing to have to ask at a fine dining restaurant). UPDATE:  We have been an additional 2 times since the first review.  They are very consistent in my assessment that the kitchen needs to taste food for seasoning prior to sending it out to customers.  We now know to ask for salt, but some dishes are literally perfect, whereas others are simply sans salt from the kitchen.  Of course, salt is critical to bringing out the flavors in most foods...so you be the judge. I'm also happy to report that the service was better on our 2nd and 3rd visit.  Ironically we have been seated at the same exact table on all of our visits, regardless of our request for a booth, and the temperature has been an issue during all visits. Another thing that stood out is that on both our most recent visits, the servers had to read the chef's tasting menu off from a cheat sheet.  This is a 4 Diamond restaurant, and reading specials off from a cheat sheet is something I don't expect to see. Finally, another thing I think shows a lack of care at this grade of restaurant, or any restaurant for that matter, is when they are out of menu items.  They were out of 2 menu items when we went the last time, and normally at this type of restaurant the menus for the small dining room would simply be reprinted to exclude the missing items so as not to disappoint customers. We have tried visiting this place on the spur of the moment, but beware that they are often closed for special events and they do not seem to update their hours with anyone, including their own facebook page.
The food was beautifully prepared, seasonally appropriate and sinfully delicious! They procure a lot of their produce locally from Twinn Bridges. You can either select a tasting menu or a la carte. We went with the a la carte and selected the following: Amuse Bouche: Fried Artichoke w/Asparagus tip and extra virgin olive oil 1st course: Panzanella salad (Hubby) and Blue Crab and Israeli Couscous salad (me) 2nd course: Foie Gras w/Sweet Onion and Marmalade (Hubby) and Quail stuffed w/Foie Gras and Pork Belly Main Course: Beef Tenderloin w/truffled mashed potatoes, Roasted shallots and morels (Hubby) and Rack of Lamb w/Mushroom risotto (me) Cheese Course: Five selections, included a blue, goat, triple creme and one made with Guinness! Dessert: Souffle with creme anglaise The service was impeccable, unpretentious, and warm. We asked our server to select a pairing for the main course. He select an amazing Blackstone reserve that was a mix of six varietals. What can I say that hasn't already been said below? Wonderful dining experience that balances food and service. Both are the stars here. Tip: Coupon for $20 off available in Mint/Money magazine!
Simply amazing.  Went with my daughter and our waitress was just awesome.  The food was incredible.  Definitely recommend.
Again, as you can see from my other reviews here, 3 stars is very good, and so is Matthew's. Started with drinks at the bar and they were perfect.  The young Columbian bartender was awesome and can shake and mix.  Margarita, nothing to be desired, a martini of some sort for my girl was perfect for what she asked, fruity and not sweet.  That's a tough one and the girl delivered. Inside, service at the front line was warm and unpretentious, David was his name and he was fun to hang with. We did have to ask for bread, so his support server was good but not exact.  but we were there to have fun. The tasting menu with wine pairing was fair-priced, probably expensive by local standards.  One glaring flaw that made the food geek in me cringe and any chef worthwhile in the big game wouldn't have done this, so I will mention but not skewer him for it.   One course, a seared sea scallop was served sliced and would have benefited from maybe being served whole and could have been salted a bit on the inside.  They slices stuck together and to the shell, but the point here is they served it with heirloom grape tomatoes which were okay, possibly could be called bland and in a small plate environment had a squirt to them that outstretched the perimeter.  Still okay.  But the horror came later. Last, entree or main course was monkfish, possibly the best and most perfectly cooked I ever had.  Here's the rub.  Also served with the same color combo heirloom grape tomatoes.  This is such a mistake in the tasing menu world that I can only give a fine restaurant a pass that it was an oversight. The plating here should be re-examined..  Angnolotti should have been spread on a plate to avoid stacking in the bowl that caused sticking. The lobster, cucumber in broth was fantastic.  The peanut butter profiterolles were okay, a bit ordinary.  Wine pairings were adequate with a kenwood sparkler that surprised and a sherry that disappointed.   Matthew's was a very good choice and will go back when we are in Jacksonville.  Everyone was so nice.
Pleasurable atmosphere and top-notch staffing. Not a huge fan of the brie, but the rest was a 10. Enjoyed our anniversary dinner, thanks so much!
Had very high expectations for dining at Matthew's this weekend (Saturday, January 29th, 2011).  Unfortunately, I was totally let down...mostly with the service.  We were promptly greeted and seated at a comfortable booth.  Our server greeted us promptly and I could instantly tell he was new or at least somewhat uncomfortable with the situation.  He didn't have the confidence of the other servers waiting on other guests and from there, things went totally down hill.   I have always wanted to visit Matthew's and when Groupon had the special $50 for $25, I snatched it up.  After I informed the server of the Groupon he quickly jumped into the "fine-print" that was no where mentioned in the Groupon either at the time of purchase or on the coupon itself.  He said it couldn't be used for the early-bird prix fixe and two full-size entrees must be purchased...so this meant my wife couldn't order the early bird (which she wanted) and I couldn't simply apply it to my $70 tasting menu selection.  I thought it was ridiculous and none of this mentioned in the Groupon.   It only gets worse...our server disappears for an unusually long amount of time.  We're getting hungry and my wife is 6.5 months pregnant.  Waiting, waiting.  Finally someone who appears to be a manager comes to our table with a bottle of Champagne apologizing that we haven't been greeted by our server...we had been greeted...just now waiting for him to come back.  At this point I should have said something about the Groupon but let it go.  I said that we had been greeted and it was fine.  Then he just said ok and left with the uncorked bottle of champagne and didn't even pour me a glass - what a tease. All in all - the food was excellent: beautiful presentation and extremely delicious...portions are extremely small though so don't expect to leave full.  But at a kind of place like this, the service should be top notch.  Our guy was far from it.  Avoid him if possible...he's the one with braces that looks about 19.
Matthew's is widely considered to be Jacksonville's best restaurant, and it generally met my expectations (in just one meal so far) but it didn't wow me. I've eaten in a number of the country's best restaurants, and I'm rarely wowed, so my expectations have been calibrated down over time. I've found that "wow" experiences are more of a random occurrence than something that you can expect at top restaurants. If you have reasonable expectations when you go here, I think you'll be pleased. The service was consistent with the best (but for one problem), in my opinion: expert and constantly present without you noticing them too much. The problem: I inquired about an M card (Matthew's loyalty card) at the beginning of the meal and my waiter said that I'd receive one with my check. It never came. The setting is comfortable, upscale, attractive, and not too noisy. Entrees range from the low $20s to the mid $30s. There were quite a few wines in the $30s, and well as a good selection by the glass. There are more expensive restaurants in Jacksonville, and I consider the place to be reasonable value. I tried two types of bread, and they were merely pleasant to me (I think restaurants at this level should be shooting for better than pleasant). The butter was warm and spreadable, which I like, but rather bland (for my taste, the best butter is much saltier). My appetizer was a hit: gnocchi with a blue cheese sauce and bacon. I scooped up ever last bit of the sauce, and would definitely order it again. My main, scallops with risotto, was tasty but not a wow. It had the advantage of being much smaller than my compatriot's dishes, however, allowing me to put down three courses without being stuffed. My compatriots all had beef dishes, and the consensus (and I tasted them all) was that they had cut-above flavor. The sirloin was notably large, however, too large for most people if they want to eat a multi-course meal. My dessert, a peanut butter/chocolate dish, was merely pleasant, a disappointment to me. A couple of quibbles: - a gnat buzzed me briefly at one point. - I emailed them through their website prior to eating there, and haven't heard back yet. Most restaurants are brain-dead when it comes to the internet. Overall: no, my experience wasn't perfect. Yes, I'd like to eat there regularly, and I enjoyed myself on this occasion. It's pretty expensive, but reasonably priced for a restaurant of this quality. If you have reasonable expectations I think they'll be met.
Visited Matthew's Restaurant for a dinner to honor a father-son textbook author team so we were in a private room.  The appetizers were pre-picked and delicious: tomato and cheese on a cracker, scallops, and steak (sorry, didn't catch the fancy names for them).  Good thing we' didn't fill up on them.   Had a choice of soup or salad and opted for the crab and corn chowder.  Very good!  Not too rich or heavy.  Perfect with their rolls. Had a choice of fish, vegetarian, and steak for the entree so went for the steak.  Not a huge cut but certainly enough and filling given the appetizers and soup that preceded it.  Very tender, even for tenderloin.  Others seated near me who had the steak agreed it was the most tender steak any of us could remember.  It was perfectly seasoned and served with a light red wine based sauce and potatoes.  Was really full at this point but there was still dessert. Dessert was either an apple cobbler (I love apples) and chocolate cake.  I opted for the cobbler but that was a mistake.  The apples were way too tart for a dessert.  Luckily, one of my colleagues wasn't going to eat dessert and ordered the cake just in case.  So she gave me her cake.  It was good but nothing to write home about.  A very-moist chocolate brownie (with no nuts) is a pretty accurate comparison.  But that wasn't really a problem since most of us were full after the entree and were just over-stuffing ourselves by that point.
I love his cooking so much that I would probably consider handing over my wife in an indecent proposal-style trade for a table every Friday night. The best in town.  Period.
Matthew's Haiku Review Waiters in suits serve French-inspired fare while the wine list flows ever on.
Very well prepared food and a well thought out menu. Courses are actually fairly large, esp. if you are going to order a multi course dinner. Servers are very knowledgeable and very helpful when ordering. Decor is very clean and modern. Given the other culinary options in Jacksonville this place is definitely in the forefront.
While I haven't ever come here for dinner [the menu is on the pricey pricey side], I have heard awesome things about it. You definitely get your money's worth and this place has the reputation to prove it. What I can talk about is their lounge + happy hour. After getting an email about their happy hour, a few friends and I decided to check this place out. The decor of the lounge is very fresh, full of whites, mint greens, and tiny splashes of red here and there, giving it a subtle, sophisticated, modern vibe. You feel very cool sitting there next to the bushel of white ostrich feathers coming out of the over-sized white vase, sipping on a blue cheese stuffed olive dirty martinis [$6]. They also have some amazing bar food selections, including [my favorite] the trio of French Fry options... Truffle Oil Fries topped in shaved Parmesan Fries, Sea Salt + Vinegar Fries, and the Blue Cheese Fries. $4 a piece, or if you are extra friendly to the nice young bartender he might convince the chef to make you a sampler. If you are feeling fancy, aren't on a fancy budget, but want to check out one of Jacksonville's most luxurious eateries... this is a great way to do it!
We planned to attend the cooking class (which sounded fantastic) until it was cancelled. Instead we had dinner that night. That was one of the best meals ever. We had the tasting menu with wine pairings. The timing of the courses was perfect, the selections of wine and food excellent. When looking for one of the wines back in Dallas, we were told that it was above their price range! We will definitely return whenever we are in Jacksonville. Expensive and well worth every penny.
I had a very nice anniversary dinner here last week! It was my first time dining at Mathews. I had the steak along with escargot and their house salad. I finished the meal with a souffle. Everything was prepared nicely, I have had escargot before, but  it was different here, which I liked. They brought us some champagne and had a wonderful presentation for desert to celebrate our special occasion.  I would return, but next time I would try the chefs tasting menu.
Amazing food, amazing service, amazing ambience!! Made reservations for a Friday night Birthday dinner! So glad that I chose Matthews. Our server Pavel made the experience so special. My "Birthday Boy" even received a card signed by everyone who took part in our dining experience.
Arrived without a reso to a full house 6pm on a Saturday night. We were able to be seated by virtue of a no show but i'd recommend reso's be the norm. We were very happy to learn that Matthew Medure has placed a Chef d'Cuisine permanently in the kitchen here. Unfortunately his name escapes me. This makes a huge difference in the kitchen, and not just in the prep and cooking but in plating and having an executive host to work with guests on their special needs. It just takes everything up a notch to have that "chef/owner house feel" back at Matthews. The result was a three course meal without a hitch and without a miss in delivery and taste. A special moment occurred when the Chef d'Cuisine was able to partner with my wife on her meal because she is a vegan. After a brief conference, her dinner was quickly addressed in a quality way and rather than steamed veggies it was both elegant and finely done. Equally important, big change at Matthews is the menu has been updated and changed. Also, the restaurant now promotes family style dining where they deliver somewhat larger amounts of the selected dish in a portion amount correct for the table size so that all  might be able to have some if they want to try it. Or if perhaps someone might want another portion because it was so good one couldn't resist. This has been a theme at other famous New York (and Los Angeles) restaurants like Tom Calicchio's Craft, has been a well received theme and makes the formal dining experience somewhat less imposing and fun. The combination of Chef d'Cuisine on site on an every night basis, the new menu and related changes of recipe and new offerings, and the family style but still fine dining experience make this the new hotty restaurant in Jacksonville.
Great fine dinning in Jax, especially if youre a food lover & a critic just like my hubby. My hubby told 1 of of the waitress that his ordered oyster had a bit too much of onions w/c the main chef kind of see it as an improvement 2 their menu. They gave us a complimentary shrimp ordered which was really heaven. This resto works their best & they love how u compliment or say what u really want to have in your plate. Place was a bit small but very romantic & classy. Would love 2 go back again.
Mathews reputation raises the bar for expectations.  Our expectations were not met.  We ordered a specific cocktail and had to send it back because it was missing a vital ingredient.  Our server did not know the menu well enough to answer our questions.  Our appetizer was soggy and tasteless.  The entrees were quite good on the bright side.  The dessert rather lackluster.  We'll go back again to give it another try.  Just not rushing back!
Let me start by saying Matthews is a great dinning experience, and may have no real competition anywhere in Jacksonville outside the dinning rooms at the Ritz-Carlton, The Ponte Vedra club and the hotels at that level. For those of you who don't know Matthew Medure is the owner/chef of the location and sports a trendy second location in south Ponte Vedra called Medure's. He also has a more casual location called Matthews Market right across from his original location.   We denizens of Jacksonville should consider ourselves lucky to have such a place as Matthews to dine at. Now that I've spent a good bit of your time worshiping at the alter of Matthew's let me get down to the nitty gritty. This is top notch food. The other local spots in historic San Marco don't work on the same playing field as the cuisine here. The locals are generally well educated and wealthy and that is the cliental that you will find at Matthews.   A robust wine list starts off your adventure, and a healthy and ever changing menu shows that Matthews knows where, and when to source and showcase ingredients rather then do the best that you can with what you've got. That being said expect to pay top dollar for what you get.   Matthews suffers from two flaws, one self inflicted one that is a chronic problem of the Jacksonville gastronomy scene. Firstly Matthews uses broths a lot. Some foodies will rave about the ethereal quality of a light broth or smoke. They will tell you that it takes real skill and a knowledge to pull off a truly spectacular dish; they are correct. I however prefer a sauce, something with a bit more substance and a clear idea of the chefs intent. Don't get me wrong im not the guy who walks into a Sushi place and pours shrimp sauce on this hand roll and calls that authentic. The second issue is that the population of Jacksonville does not go out for a night on the town. Don't expect to find a hip group of city dwellers that are going to go have dinner, go to a museum and then out for drinks on the town. Because of this Matthewes doesn't ever get the good kick in the tires it deserves from the real metro crowd.   I am actually going to give Matthews 4 stars. Before you yell and bemoan my unfairness let me justify this. This place will wow you. They are on a different level then AIX, BB's and the like, so a 5 star for AIX is not more then a 4 star here. I would like to see chef play more with tasting/adventure menus and really take some risks here. The service is top notch and so is the food. This is easily one of the best places to eat in Jacksonville, but when it boils down to the nitty gritty I guess I'll always be a sauce man not a broth man.
I went for the first time yesterday for their new "happy hour specials" certain apps and drinks were half-price! Well, it was worth it and I couldn't have afforded to order what I did at full price-LOL...i had the gnocchi and the tomato carpaccio- both very tasty and I sampled a tiny bit of the beef tips,kobe burgers and cheese plate that my friends had ordered- all quite good! the beef tips were soooo good we wanted more...the drinks were excellent and the atmosphere lovely- very upscale...the bartender was friendly and helpful but a little too busy with the other customers...twice as I was trying to ask something he seem didn't hear me and walked away!! Oh well I will be back for more :)
A small, cozy restaurant in San Marco. The menu is a la carte and varies from day to day.  The food was absolutely incredible. The service was outstanding and very personalized. Perfect ambiance, minimal noise. Very romantic. I highly recommend it. Expect to pay $60-80 per person for three courses and dessert.
I had dinner on Valentine's Day and the special Valentine's day menu was a disappointment;  small portions and very overpriced for the selection. Perhaps the regular menu is better but the Valentine's day menu left a lot to be desired.
Mathews has excellent food. The service was the main reason for only giving 3 stars.  When paying over $200 plus tip for dinner for two I would expect seamless  service.  We waited about 15-20 minutes between 2 of the courses which was disappointing.  It was obvious the server knew there was an uncomfortably long delay in our food, but she never acknowledged it to us or apologized.  At other times the service was so attentive it was almost comical.  My wife excused herself from the table for a minute and I swear THREE different servers refolded her napkin while she was gone for just a couple of minutes.  As I said, the food was  excellent even if a bit overpriced.  I don't think we will go out of our way to have dinner there again, but my wife and I agreed the molten chocolate cake with raspberry ice cream is worth at least stopping by the bar for drinks and dessert.
Every holiday season my in-laws take the family out to a nice restaurant to toast the season, this year we were lucky enough for our holiday dinner to be at Matthew's. As another reviewer commented the decor is minimalist, yet opulent- I love that statement because it's so very true. The service was impeccable. There was never a half empty glass, or an empty plate for more than 15 seconds. The server was attentive without smothering us. We started off with a bottle of champagne, I wish I could remember the name it was fabulous, I know it was an Asti. Hubby ordered from the "chef's tasting menu" it included 6 courses which he enjoyed all of except for the cheese. His main entree was the Kobe tenderloin which you could cut with a fork it was so tender. All the courses were good sized and he was able to finish everything without feeling like he was going to burst. I started off with the mozzarella and arugula, it was delicious. The mozzarella was creamy and fresh and the arugula was the perfect compliment. I chose the "Springer Mountain" chicken breast for my entree and it was fabulous. The skin was crispy, the sauce was flavorful, and it was served on the perfect bed of light, fluffy mashed potatoes. My mother-in-law split the molten chocolate cake for dessert and it was PURE chocolate deliciousness. Ofcourse by dessert I could only have a bite or two I was so full but it was a very sweet ending. Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed every course and we had the best time. It's fine dining without feeling too pretentious. Loved, loved, loved it!
Others' reviews of Matthews are pretty much spot on.  The food in this little San Marco restaurant is fabulous.  It's been quite some time since I've eaten there, but coming across these reviews makes me want to grab a reservation and take my better half out for something nice.  As mentioned, the service is great.  If there is another restaurant in Jacksonville that compares or comes close, I personally have yet to find it.  In other reviews for other high-end restaurants in Jacksonville, Madure was mentioned, but I cannot attest to that as of yet.  Regardless, if you can stomach the price and you want some of the best food and wine around, this is where you need to go.
My wife and I dined here a week ago for the first time.  We had a early 6:00 pm reservation time which is nice for us because we like to dine early plus you usually have the place to yourself.  We arrived about an hour early as we like to do for a nice aperitif.  They have some good Happy Hour specials so we enjoyed a couple of glasses of house wine which were excellent and my wife enjoyed a nice martini called a summer porch sling.  It was very nice and refreshing.  The bartender was great and talked to us whenever he had time as it seemed a little busy for 5 o'clock.  We watched him make many different martinis and each one was made with a special touch and care.  Highly recommend any martini made here!  We were seated promptly and on time at 6:00 pm.  There seemed a little confusion on who our assistant waiter was but they got it worked out.  Our waiter was great and very informative of the menu.  We were feeling really good after our Happy Hour so we were ready to order what we wanted which we did.  We ordered the cheapest Caviar on the menu which was $110!  It was amazing!!!!  Served with a variety of different items such as egg white, egg yolk, crème fraiche, and capers.  All were delicious!  My wife ordered the Foie Gras which was fantastic!  I ordered the Escargot which was very delicious!   We also had the maine diver scallops and the agnolotti.  The scallops were good but the agnolotti is was fabulous!  We finished off our meal sharing a chocolate soufflé which was great as well.  The atmosphere was very nice and romantic.  They even had a chefs table but it looked more like bar then a table.  I think you can request this.  They also have a free valet but not needed if you show up early enough.  You can park yourself right across right across the from the restaurant.  Overall service was great, food was amazing, and the prices were fair.  Having tried both brothers restaurants I would say this one is better on atmosphere for romance, service was slightly better, but prices were a little higher.  You'll have an amazing time at either so enjoy!!!!
Had the three course "Price Fix" menu (before 6) with much cocktails and one glass of vino the bill was $180 with the tip. Service was 5 star as was the food. Service was impeccable to match. Old world hospitality not seen in J'ville for quite some time.
We have never had a better meal experience anywhere!
The food was very good, not mind blowing, but well executed.  We had the tasting menu.  The crab claw with brandy mousseline, salmon in perfectly steamed chard, hearty tenderloin with wild mushroom risotto and black shaved truffles, and a delicate turbot with cauliflower puree, it was all delicious.  The pacing of the meal was off, and comments were made to us a few times about how quickly we ate our courses, which was odd given we were there almost two hours.  I found it a bit rude, especially as our server had previously apologized for how slow our meal started.  Then at the cheese course things fell apart, the manchego was limp and flavorless, either a creamier or more robust cheese would have been better suited.  The spoon of honey with honeycomb was divine, I could have eaten a bowl of that.  The final souffle was underwhelming. I never tasted the promised cracked pepper and the anglaise was flavorless and watery.  Nicely presented, not worth eating. The restaurant is beautifully lit, elegant and understated.  The bar is a great date night spot, with a whimsical cocktail menu and reasonably priced tapas.  The booths are low, I felt I needed a booster seat!   On final review, the dinner was strong until dessert.  The service was mostly attentive and on task, but please refrain from voicing your perception about my dining habits unless I'm eating with my feet, and ask me how I would like my meal paced if you have concerns, don't assume.   I love fine dining, the week before I was at Chez Panisse, the week before that Absinthe, I like my food and will pay a lot for good food and service.  I would return to Matthew's if I were in Jacksonville again, but I wouldn't have five star expectations.
This is the definition of fine dining! My husband and I went here to celebrate our anniversary and from the first bite to the last our taste buds were thanking us.   The restaurant is small inside, not much seating, so make a reservation. The decor is very nice and upscale.  We decided not to get the fixed menu with wine pairings because neither of us are wine drinkers (though they do offer if without the wine). For our first course my husband tried the seafood bisque and I had a salad - both were phenomenal. I can't recall what we had for entrees (it's been over 6 months since we went - we have since left Florida) but whatever it was I know we both had to contain our grunts of approval. I DO remember the dessert (because isn't that always the favorite part of the meal, anyway?). We ordered the chocolate soufflé with creme Anglaise - DIVINE. I'm not even a huge fan of chocolate but after everything else we had tried I knew we could not leave that place without trying dessert and this was a chef's recommendation. It did NOT disappoint! The overall cost was about what you would expect to pay at a fine dining establishment, so I wasn't sticker shocked. All in all our bill came in under $100 (that was with tip and without wine). If you want a truly fantastic meal, in an intimate setting - this IS the place to go in Jacksonville. You will not be disappointed by the food, service and overall experience!
Worst Saturday night out in a long time! I went with a group of friends for a special occasion with high hopes for supposedly "the best restaurant in Jax". First off This place isn't big but immediately should of had at least double the staff to run orders and to keep up with the demands for drinks. We were in a group of nine with only two drinks a piece in three agonizing hours. Next the server forgot some of the apps and drinks. Bar drinks took at least 30 min to get not allowing us to have a few. over a hour and a half goes by, by the time everyone's dinner finally comes out. Three out of five beef tenderloins were ordered med rare and came out well done. They had to be remade which took another 25 min. At the end of the meal the server asked "who is paying" and was told it was separate checks. He got an instant attitude and said "well that will take a long time." 30 min later we got out checks that were all wrong. The server was so rude and for such a "fine dining establishment" we should not have dealt with such an attitude. He said it was our fault for not stating in the beginning we needed separate checks. We will not be going back and are so disappointed with the managers lack of interest. What was supposed to be a nice night out turned into attitudes and overcooked food. Plenty of other places I would rather spend my money than Matthews.
Top food and service in Jacksonville. Prices are a bit high and portions are a bit small, but taste and overall dining experience is top notch. We created our own tasting menu and started with mozzarella and goat cheese dish, followed by seafood bisque, followed by escargot, and then caramelized scallops. Finished dinner with a warm chocolate cake. Also their bartender makes some really nice, unique cocktails. I had a tequila drink with fresh ground pepper that was both refreshing and spicy. Will definitely be back.
Matthew is absolutely the best Executive Chef in N. E. Florida, and is a world class Chef. It's amazing how sublime his palate and ever changing menu is, he's always finding new ways to prepare old classics, paired with savory sauces and combinations of fresh ingredients I would never dream of. The escargots in the cream sauce are a favorite appetizer of mine. Bring your wallet, but it could be the best meal you've ever had, at least in Jacksonville.
I dined alone at this outstanding haven for indulgent gourmets and winos and had an outstanding experience. Kelly O was the perfect server for a solitary diner as she offered generous insights about the menu. She knows her wine, too and does it all with genuine passion. The four plates I had were well-paced and, again, the server's perspective not only on the wine combinations but also about the relationship between the dishes was immensely helpful. The gracious hostess offered me a selection of magazines to read but there is no need, especially when one can read the wine list and learn quite a bit. I also observed how many other guests in the restaurant were simply having a wonderful time in an atmosphere that is neither too dimly lit nor overbearing. This is a place about balanced tones and exquisite food. Since my 18th birthday, many years ago, I have been fascinated with escargot (youthful food snobbery abounding). Over many years of restaurants, including a good tenure as a waiter, I have never tasted escargot this good. Also, the "air-dried" duck (they spend more of their life flying? I asked) was cooked to perfect reddish pink and full of the non-gamey richness. Bravo.
Small, intimate, good quality food and service , and a nice wine list.  I would go back.
We dined here on Monday, April 8. Overall a vey enjoyable dining experience. We both contemplated the Tasting Menu but felt that perhaps the offerings were not special enough. My wife, as a Starter, took the Hudson Valley Foie Gras which was simply outstanding - cooked to perfection - slightly crunchy on the outside and buttery on the inside - delicious! I took the Blue Fin Tuna which also was outstanding. For the Entree my wife took the Grass fed veal scaloppini which was sumptuous. I took the Skate wing turbo with a side of fried Brussels sprouts - outstanding! The meal was spaced appropriately and the service impeccable. Definitely a gem on the Jacksonville dining scene!
i've dined all over america.  this restaurant is still on my top 3.  the service was OUTSTANDING.  the food was amazing.  the atmosphere was top notch.  not to be missed!
We went there for our engagement dinner.  So our perception is probably skewed.  Definitely a nice place with a great wine list in San Marco.  I'd recommend the tasting menu as it gives the opportunity to try many of the dishes from chef Matthew.
( This is a review of the restaurant not the bar) This was a surprise gem hidden in Jax. This place has absolutely the BEST Foie Gras I ever had. And I've had a lot people. It was just a simple appetizer, but it was perfectly cook, and it was a huge portion. The savory flavor wasn't over powered by the other ingredients. The steak was to die for, and the wait staff was on it from the second we sat down. Our dessert  was a souffle which the chef misread the order but the manager cam out and started the shwagg bag by comping  us a cheese dessert, then a cream puff pastry, and out comes our souffle. We were having such a good time we didn't even notice the souffle was tardy. Finally for an after dinner drink, 100 yr old Grand Marnier. Oh did I mention it was GRATIS? Yes folks, on the house. Which made it taste even better. Why Free? For the inconvenience of the souffle mishap. If you don't mind good food with flavor, that is not some nationwide chain (III Forks, Fish Market, Delmonico) Matthew's is the joint for you. No complaints from me. It is pricey, but if you want to impress someone (client, girlfriend, wife, in-laws) and if you're in Jax, GO! You won't regret it.
if i didnt live on the other side of town i'ed be here every other night...awesome,plus i miss my friend KELS!
If the saying, "you get what you pay for" is true, then don't be surprised by how awesome the food is at Matthew's - and it should be for the price. As a poor student, this place was probably out of my price range, but I figured I'd give it a try since I had heard phenomenal things. When I arrived, and saw how legit everything looked, and how good the menu for that day was I figured I'd go all out and get the "grand flight" which is a many course meal with an upgraded pairing of wines. First of all, the food was excellent. Every course was beautiful, delicious and pretty much left me looking around surreptitiously to see if anyone was watching so I could lick my plate clean. Second, the wines were fantastic and excellently paired. Third, service was great, and everything was exceedingly classy; perhaps too elegant for someone of my status to feel entirely comfortable. All in all, a wonderful experience, but just a tad pricey compared to similar quality restaurants I have had the pleasure of dining at. If I had the option of going 41/2 stars it would be appropriate here.
