Ignore the location (strip mall) and decor (eek) and this place is a real hidden jem. First time having Bosnian cuisine and it was quite nice. Most of the dishes are meat, meat and more meat on delicious fresh bread. You must try their white dip which I can only describe as "butter, kicked up a notch". Their desserts, unfortunately, were not made yet that day but we will be back to try them soon. Truly friendly, quaint, and very mom n' pop kinda place. Prices are shockingly low, with nothing on the menu over $9!
The hubby and I stopped in to the Balkan Cafe for lunch after reading great things on yelp. First thing we noticed is how clean this place is and how friendly the host is! We quickly learned this was "the son" in this family owned restaurant, and that his dad is the one that does most of the prep early in the morning for that day's service. We decided on the Balkan Mix plate and an order of sis cevap. This was SO much food! We had plenty for at least 2 meals plus snacking. The host was so helpful in explaining the differences between the cuisine we would be served and other cuisines we may be familiar with, sharing differences in the spices used, etc. Everything we had was delicious, although it all roughly tasted the same save for the veal strips. However, I'm not complaining because is was great! He explained to us that the best way to enjoy was to tear small pieces of your pita bread (thicker than pita you've had at Hala or the like) and make a small wrap with a piece of meat, onions and your dip of choice. There's a vegetable spread and a white spread to try with the pita, both are amazing in their own right! I loved the white spread (I didn't write down the name!) that one yelper so awesomely described as "Butter plus" which is a perfect way to describe this magical condiment. The hubby preferred the vegetable spread, which is made with red peppers and also quite delicious. Also, public service announcement, try the "cake of the day". Just do it. And thank me later! As I mentioned, the portions are huge and they give you plenty of protein, making this a great option to introduce maybe some not-so-adventurous eaters to this unique ethnic cuisine! I know I'm looking forward to taking my dad here soon!
The food was all delicious. My husband got the combo platter with a sampling of different meats along with pita and delicious sauces. I got the Greek salad and cake of the day. The meat was absolutely delicious. Very nice flavor and consistency. Both accompanying sauces were tasty and complimented the meats perfectly. The owner was very nice and hospitable. He was happy to answer any questions and provide suggestions. I would definitely recommend trying this place to expand your palate!
We just ate there. Had cevapi- I had mine well done. Very authentic and excellent taste. We also had the cake of the day, Russian Hats, and they were very delicious- I just wish they were fresh, but nevertheless still amazing. Would recommend this place to everyone.
Meat lovers- this place is for you! Amazing meat based dishes, I am in love! Great atmosphere, great service.  Good place for both a quick stop and a dinner party. Ask about the cake of the day. Truly epic. The owner was on hand for personal touch and was delighted talk to us about the menu, his home country, and his love of the great food. You can tell he is passionate about his restaurant and that comes through in everything he does.
Great food and a fantastic layered poppyseed cake stacked with thick chocolate buttercream that was rich and silky smooth with real whipped cream on top.  We had the Balkan mixed plate and the Cevapci plate with grilled fresh mushrooms on the side. They also have a wonderful cheese spread and a mild and creamy red pepper spread on the side.  They do have a real flame grill for the meats. You can also get a grilled vegetable plate or grilled chicken Alfredo.  Service was welcoming and cheerful.  Judgeing by the takeout side they must also have the best fruit smoothies and grilled cheese in town.
Balkan Cafe is a Bosnian restaurant in the shopping plaza across the street from the Walmart at the corner of Southside and Beach. This is a true epitome of Mom and Pop restaurant with the father waking up everyday at 6 am to prepare the Chevap (beef sausage) and Sujuka (grilled beef link sausage) each morning; and the mother creating her culinary wonderlicious cakes from scratch (including the frosting) each day. The daughter is the waitress, with a lovely smile and customers are treated like regulars even if they've never stepped foot in here before. Thing is, I was hoping to try some really exotic fare, but the dishes they offer here are pretty agreeable to non-adventurous palates. In other words, if you have a strict diet of hamburgers and hot dogs, you may like the food here. The traditional Bosnian dish chevap ($3.50) is basically a beef sausage. It reminds me of those breakfast pork sausages, except made with beef, not greasy, and with much leaner meat. The chevap is served in a warm lightly toasted pita -- warm and pillow soft on the inside. Also included in your order is chopped raw onion. (I am not a big fan of raw onion, so mine was untouched.) static.px.yelp.com/bphot… In addition, you can order tomatoes, sauces, or other things to eat with your chevap. I ordered 2 sauces: Ajvar (vegetable sauce with tomatoes, roasted peppers, onion, garlic, and eggplant, 50 cents), and Kaymak (a.k.a. Melted Sauce, 50 cents). The Ajvar tasted slightly spicey, but very tomato-ey. The Kaymak had the look and taste of cream cheese, but with a lighter and thinner consistency. My Rolat Cake ($3.50) for dessert was very delicious. static.px.yelp.com/bphot… I don't remember ever having a cake this light, fluffy, and healthy. Chocolate mousse and fruit floated between thin layers of yellow cake. The fruits included Banana, Strawberry, and Kiwi. The outside of the cake was covered in home-made frosting and chocolate shavings. Rich and creamy! For drinks, I got hot tea ($1.50) and my son got a smoothie ($3.50). The different smoothie flavors include strawberry, mango, peach, pineapple, and blueberry. You can also request European beverages here. One I did not get to try (they were out of it today but they make it fresh daily) was Boza. Also included on the menu are Sis Cevap (spicy version of Chevap), Sujuka, and strips of chicken, veal, and lamb. If you are not feeling too adventurous, they do offer a hamburger, 2 types of salad, and cappuccino and coffees.
My buddy and I weathered the storm on Monday afternoon to try out the Balkan Cafe for the first time.  In fact, it was both of our first times for Serbian/Bosnian food.  I was already pretty excited to go after reading Ivana's review.  If the natives like it, it must be authentic. We arrived around 3pm, the cook (I assumed to be the dad) was lounged outside under the shelter, no shoes, taking an afternoon nap.  We went in and were sat by the server (Im assuming the son.)  He was very helpful in recommending the mixed entree of chevapi, sudzuka and veal strips, as they were sold out of the sis cevap. The meat was served with a type of pita bread, onions, mushrooms, and two sauces, a vegetable spread and a creamy homemade cheese spread.  The portions were pretty plentiful, especially compared to the price. Dad came in (shoes on now) and cooked up an absolutely delicious meal.  The sudzuka was my favorite.  The little sausages of beef wrapped in skin were seasoned just right!  I washed mine down with a Lasco beer, which complimented the food perfectly. To sum up, the food was great, the staff was awesome, and the price was right, so 5 stars!  The place is a little set back off of Beach Blvd, but is a gem of a little something different.
My family and I came here today. We drove around looking for this place for a while but it was well worth the search. My mom found out that in Jacksonville they have a Serbian restaurant. And since my stepfather is Serbian, they like to travel and eat at different european restaurants. The owner and his father are very nice people. And the food is beyond delicious. My 7 and 3 year old are very picky eaters. But they devoured their food! This restaurant is definitely one of my parents new favorite and my owns!!!! Great service and delicious food!
Tried this cafe based on yelp.  Food was great.  I'm a vegetarian and my husband eats meat and we both were happy.  Cevapi and pita bread for him and grilled cheese on pita with a simple salad for me. We will be back
Amazing qevapi.. This is def a great place for Balkan food. We had the qevapi with feta cheese and it was too good!!
A very nice place to enjoy fine, simple eats.  Easy access and central location.  My friend and I enjoyed their signature dish, Cevapi.  The folks working hard there are worthy of your patronage.
Being from Bosnia I was very excited to find out that there is actually a place that sells Bosnian food, especially chevapi. My hometown, Sarajevo, is known as "the birthplace of chevapi" so I was bit hesitant to try chevapi from this place. To my surprise, chevapi were excellent! They were so tender, juicy and delicious. I also tried sudjukice (skinny sausages) and strips of grilled lamb- these too were good but chevapi were my favorite. Their cake of the day was truly tasty and you definitely could taste that it was homemade fresh. Balkan cafe does not have lots of seating area and I did notice that the majority of customers come and pick up their food. Prices are very fair and the owners are very polite and welcoming. I highly recommend this place, especially for the chevapi because this is the first time here in the U.S. that I was able to order chevapi that taste like chevapi and not like hamburger meat rolled up in a shape of chevapi.
