Fabulous food & great service.  Unique and wonderful flavors. This restaurant is a must try if you are up for a food adventure.  This authentic Peruvian restaurant located at the beaches is a refreshing change from regular beach restaurant fare.   Each dish is carefully prepared using quality ingredients and exclusive recipes from their region.  It's like going to your Peruvian friend's house to sit and eat a meal with his family.  So flavorful!   Try their "El Macho" if you're into fish & "Lomo Saltado" if you like beef.  These are two of my favorites and oh, so delicious!  Wash it all down with their drink of the gods, the Horchata or a refreshing Chicha Morada.  This is definitely the place to enjoy the best of Peruvian cuisine in Jacksonville!  5 STARS
It's in a tiny shopping center and it does not appear to be the newest and shiniest place, but the food is legitimately good. So, why mess around with illegitimate Peruvian when you can dine here?!? Once you get past the blue lights, blue sparkling water bottles lined up on blue shelves, blue table cloth, blue accessoires, etc., you'll find this place has a simple but thorough menu. You have appetizers, salads, ceviches, chicken options, beef options, seafood and dessert. You cannot go wrong with the shrimp ceviche, and we ordered it medium. That was pretty tasty and it had some kick, and we tried the "hot" sauce which was more flavorful than scorch your tongue. The Loma Saltado and Machu fish were both great entrees. Lots of flavor and good portions. For beverages there isn't a full bar, but fresh juice and some Peruvian favorties including the purple corn/apple drink. Star dock because there were items on the menu they did not offer and the bathroom was not the cleanest. But food alone is 5* for sure.
It seems to be difficult to find a place that shows the World Cup games in Jacksonville. Kind of disheartening to see, in the eyes of someone from Miami, where the craze is evident on every block. But after two failed attempt to find a Colombian place to watch the game, I ended up with this Peruvian place. And it was a nice find even though the World Cup crowd was obviously absent. Maybe Peru needed to play. Regardless of the absence of people in the off-hours (I guess I shouldn't be too surprised for the area), I was pleasantly surprised by both good food, a friendly Cuban waitress, a large tv to see the game, and a nice modern-chic atmosphere, all packed into this tiny establishment. While I'm withholding myself from saying that this is an authentic place, they do have some authentic items peppered throughout their small and limited menu although it takes some effort to recognize them from the English words being used. It seems that their menu is created with the American diners in mind, and not so much for the Latins. Luckily, being experienced with Peruvian cuisine, I was able to pick a few things out. And these are the things I picked: shrimp causa, mixed ceviche, and fish "el macho" (aka pescado a lo macho). And for dessert, they also had lemon cake, which is not as authentic as the mousse de chirimoya - but my dining partner wanted cake, so cake it was. Shrimp causa - good but could use more shrimp, and the huacaina sauce could be a little less spicy. And I think adding avocado would have helped. Mixed ceviche - perfect, got this mild and they provided a spicy red sauce in case if we wanted it spicier. But for me, this was perfect. Fish "el macho" - I was surprised by this fish - while it is a little smaller than the dish I had in Miami, it was by far the best rendition of the dish I ever had. Best pescado lo macho. This does Peru proud, and was definitely my favorite dish. Lemon cake - it was good, but it was such a thin and tiny slice - not worth the $6 at all. But we were told that this dessert and the mousse de chirimoya were the most popular of the desserts. Probably the other one would have been a better choice - but I would hope it's also bigger in size. Overall, prices for everything but dessert were reasonable. Even the Peruvian beer was $4, which was nice and encouraged my dining partner to try it. And with the quality of the food being good, I have to say this is a nice place to dine in Jacksonville's Beaches area.
I spent an academic year in Peru 50 years ago, and occasionally like to eat in Peruvian restaurants, to enjoy ceviche and anticuchos. We went to Ceviche Jax. I was disappointed to find that the anticuchos were not made from beef heart as they are in Peru. My husband and I both ordered ceviche for lunch--two different kinds. I had the Inka; he had the Mixtura. Both were excellent, although a bit pricey. What irked us, however, was the iced tea. Unsweetened was unavailable. The tea was served in a small wine glass (4-5 ounces) that was full of ice. And we were  charged for a refill! Overall, the food was good, and I would enjoy eating there again but probably won't because of the prices and refill policy. We'll stick with the other Peruvian restaurant on Southside.
The food here is phenomenal!! My wife and I have driven by this place 20 times and have never stopped in until today but something made us stop in this time....and we are definitely glad we did! The service was great and everyone was very friends and cheerful. We tried ceviche al toro which was awesome! Basically we liked everything that came out of their kitchen!!  That's all I'll say- just go!!
I really enjoy this place. The food is outstanding lomo saltado, causa,desserts everything was good. I only wish is bigger and that way we don't have to wait so long for a table.
Very small, 8 table place. Almost shockingly small. They initially seem to be a little hole in the wall, but as soon as you walk in, you realize they are going for high end dining. Decorated beautifully, in blues and whites. A bar covers the whole back wall, with a huge TV that was playing (of course) World Cup. Was greeted promptly and pleasantly. I have been craving real Peruvian cebiche and lomo saltado ever since I left Lima, so I knew exactly what I wanted. The server told me that the cebiche could be served traditionally, or I could have the chef's personal interpretation. I was looking for traditional, so passed on being adventurous. The cebiche was fresh, perfectly seasoned, and served traditionally, with kernals of cold and fried hominy, sweet potato, and a fried plaintain chip. I seriously cannot tell you what an incredible taste explosion the cebiche is. Lomo is a stir fried dish, served on top of french fries, with a side of rice. When the lomo came out, I could tell it wasn't right, just by looking at it. It was too dark. Sure enough, there was too much soy sauce. The red onions,beef, and tomatos were cooked perfectly. Veggies were crisp and flavorful, meat was fork tender and flavorful, it was just too heavy on the soy sauce compared to the lomos I had in Peru. Service was great, atmosphere cozy. If they had pulled off the lomo, wouuld have been 5 stars.
What an experience! Fabulous tasting and beautifully prepared food! Wonderful attentive service! This is a very small eclectically (hope that's a word) decorated restaurant. This was a true food adventure led by our waitress. She explained every detail of our food, and recommended drinks. She even tried to find an English speaking channel for us to watch the World Cup games. My ceviche was as tasty as it was pretty! All of our entrees were delicious, a true fusion of Peruvian and Asian flavors. If you come, and you should, slow down or you will drive right pass this place and end up in a neighborhood, like we did. There's not a lot of parking and as I stated its a small restaurant, you may need to call ahead for a large group. I recommend the ceviche and my kids swear they had the best ever mango smoothies.
We really enjoyed our way through the menu with some excellent recommendations by our waitress. The restaurant is small, and service vary with the number of tables seated, but definitely worth a stop if you are in the area.
Great Ceviche, Macho fish dish, and beef appetizer.  Very small restaurant, but definitely worth giving it a try.
We just moved here about 3 months ago and the husband and I were hoping there was a great Peruvian restaurant here like back home. Seriously thank god we live so close to this place because it's so good! The ceviche is great and the Lomo saltado is probably one of the best ones I've had. I've tried some of the appetizers and they are also great.  I love that you can order your ceviche however you want. From mild to spicy to more on the milky side. Lol I don't know what it's called sorry guys. My husband usually orders a mango smoothie. It tastes just like the ones from Mexico. So so good! Customer service is great. I love being able to chit chat in Spanish with the girls who work there. Makes me feel like I'm back at home. I just have to say I love love ceviche and being mexican I grew up with it. I am very very picky about my ceviche because 1. It's my all time fave food and 2. I've had ceviche food poisoning.  Peruvian ceviche is by far better than mexican ceviche in my opinion. And ceviche jax is one of the best I've had as well.
The mixed ceviche is a little bit spicy but they can make it mild too. It was very fresh and delicious.
Fantastic food, fresh and flavorful, reasonably priced and excellent customer service.  Enjoyed some ceviche (of course) , the el machi/pescado dish, yucca plants with dip and a beer/glass of wine.  First time visit though we will definitely return!
We dined here last night for the first time, after having heard glowing reviews from friends. It definitely lived up to our expectations! Every dish was delicious. Service was very friendly - even with a slight communication/translation issue. We started with the fried yucca as an appetizer - perfectly cooked with a delicious dipping sauce. Then we had the Seafood Ceviche - unlike any ceviche I have ever had and absolutely delicious. For an entree we shared the Lomo Saltado - SOOO good! The beef was perfectly seasoned and cooked and so flavorful. We also had a dessert that I can't spell or pronounce (sorry), but it was a mousse made with a Peruvian fruit, and it was delicious! We will be frequent patrons, we loved it. So happy to have something good and different in the neighborhood.
What an awesome place!!!  I stopped in about 6:00 and nobody was in there. I ate alone... Felt kinda bad. But Lord have mercy!!!  Damn good food!!!!!
This place is AMAZING!!  Finally some authentic Peruvian food. I ordered the Lomo saltado which was seasoned beautifully, the beef was tender and full of so much flavor. They were not stingy with the portions, there was enough to share although I'm not into sharing when it comes to my food. The main reason for hunting out Peruvian fare was to get my ceviche fix an I must say that this had to be the best ceviche I've ever had. It was extremely fresh, it was as if the fish had just come out the water. The flavors and spices, OMG! I highly recommend Ceviche Jax, I promise you won't be disappointed.
This place is amazing!!!  I had it bookmarked for a while because of the ceviche(I'm a ceviche junkie...lol!)so when I finally got around to talking my mom into coming here(yes it's one of those places that can easily get mistaken for a hole in the wall dive bar, but it's not)we walked into this small...very small restaurant that seats around maybe 30 people max. Any way the place is is all white and dimmed out with a cool blue/purple lighting effect going, they also play videos of authentic Peruvian Indian dances on their flat screen t.v. behind the bar so you can watch while you dine.  Onto the food, let me just say I highly recommend you try the chicha morada as a drink bc it's amazing!!! I drank mine so fast I didn't even get a chance to take a picture of it...not that it would have mattered with the lighting bc the drink is purple! As for the food, like I said in the beginning I came bc I was wanting ceviche, and both times that I've been to Ceviche Jax I've gotten the lomo saltado...it's just that good! The lomo is basically a mix of thinly sliced beef, onions, and nice red tomato slices marinated in a balsamic red wine sauce and stir fried all together with nice crispy steak fries...yumm! Then they serve it with a nice scoop of white rice on the side. It's a must try! I also recommend the yuca frita(fried yuca)served with their house made dipping sauce. Just a little warning if your super hungry I recommend you eat something light before you come because there's only one waitress for the whole place and only one cook so service can get slow, but it's definitely worth it!
Tiny little place but it certainly has character. My brother and I decided to try some place new and by the reviews and ratings this place seemed to be spot on They were absolutely right. 3 plates chosen the shrimp ceviche, the seared tuna, and the beef medallions appetizer. The beef was wonderfully tender and full of flavor. The ceviche was extremely fresh and had a wonderful flavor with the yellow sauce The tuna was cooked perfectly at a rare/medium rare (my ideal temperature) with a wonderful glaze. All in all do not miss this great little place. You won't be disappointed.
One word....EXCELLENT! I decided to try this place out early in the day after reading there was limited seating. I didn't want to take a chance on not getting seated or a long wait. As soon as I walked in, I was taken with the feel. Very cozy and the blue lights just did it for me. There was only one waitress, but she was very nice and attentive. Too start, I ordered the beef skewers, which included fried yuca. I have to say it was the most tender beef I have had in a long time. This wasn't just a fluke either, because the boss ordered the Lomo Saltado and that beef was just as tender! His meal came with rice and French fries and they were so good. I'm not big on carbs, but I could have eaten his entire plate of fries. Lastly, I had the mixed ceviche. This was a combination of calamari, shrimp and fish.  The flavors were like something I have never experienced before! Amazing. The shrimp and fish were plump and delicious. Also, the calamari wasn't rubbery or tough. Perfection!!!! If you have never had ceviche or Peruvian, you just gotta go and TREAT YOURSELF!!!
My husband wanted to try this place after stopping by the wine tasting at Wine Warehouse (yelp.com/biz/wine-wareho…) and having heard good things about Peruvian food, I was game. Ceviche is firing on all cylinders. My husband asked me to continue to play his game and order the Chicha Morada as my beverage. I really don't know how to describe it other than a Peruvian version of sangria. But that doesn't really describe it either. It was absolutely delicious and was like a cool kid's Kool Aid: everybody wants some. I'll drink this Kool Aid anytime. To share we ordered the Yuca A La Huancaina as an appetizer. After having my first bite, I didn't want to share anymore. It was Yuca Frita in a creamy cheese sauce. I could have eaten every piece of yuca that was served piping hot, crispy & fresh. And I would have unabashedly licked the plate if it weren't for the other diners in the restaurant. As my entree, I ordered the shrimp ceviche. I agree with Mark B. that having no tails on the shrimp would be a nice touch, but I was not opposed to pulling each tale off every last shrimp that had been perfectly 'cooked' in the right amount of spices & sauce. I ordered the medium spicy. I could have taken it one level higher if I had been sharing with someone, but shrimp after shrimp on a medium was the perfect amount of spice for me. My husband ordered the Lomo Saltado. His fries - like our yuca frita - were perfectly fried. His beef was bursting with flavor. The rice - while good - wasn't anything special. But went well with my cold shrimp (I 'borrowed' some for my mea as my ceviche didn't come with any; not a complaint, just the way it is). For the price, this place is a perfect Friday night date night spot and could become a regular part of our night out.
My family and friends visited Ceviche Jax a few months ago. There were fourteen of us. Ceviche Jax was listed as "Good for Groups" so I didn't anticipate any issues. I was wrong. It took twenty minutes for the waitress to take our drink orders and and it was another ten minutes before we received them. Our orders were taken twenty minutes later. Overall, it was a 1.5 hours before we received our meals. Additionally, there was a twenty minute difference between when the first and last order came out. Ridiculous and embarrassing. My grandmother did not receive what she ordered and the waitress proceeded to argue with her, insisting my grandmother was wrong, which she was not. The waitress was rude and disrespectful during this exchange. Towards the end of the meal the waitress informed us that we could not split our checks, which was highly inconvenient. Bottom line, do not take a large group here. Only one waitress staffed the entire restaurant and what should have been a celebratory meal was stressful and unpleasant. The food; however, was delicious.
I came here for 5 stars and leaving with 5 stars. I honestly don't remember the last time I went to a place where the staff was this friendly. They'll ask what you like and they'll take good care of you. I got a custom-made appetizer ceviche and the Peruvian chicken with rice. Highly recommend making the detour from the beach.
Please don't be scared if the parking lot is not full.  This small little hole in the wall was soooooo delicious!
I had plans to meet my friend after she got off to go to a early screening of the new Kevin Hart movie: Ride Along. I knew I had to eat first, but she wouldn't have time. So, I hit up my other, other friend and she was downnnn to grub! I told her to pick somewhere near Atlantic cause the movie was going to be at Regency AMC. She chose Ceviche Jax. I look it up, it's on Atlantic, and rated 5 stars, skimmed pics, Ok, OK, lets do it! I get off on Atlantic and my GPS is like go straight for "98 miles" im like good lawd!! Aint nobody got time fo dat! Well, I had a little time, 5 miles in, i'm like FML!! movie starts in 30 mins and im not even halfway there. I almost bailed, but I'm not about that life. I get in Ceviche Jax, and I tell my friend "i gotta go", "movie", "too far", "blah blah" ,"what to order", "no time" ,"ok yeah", "fast". This is a small place. It probably sits like 25, but it's COOL inside! The tables and chairs are white, but the There's blue lights that kind of give it a TRON movie style look. My friend said go with the Lomo Saltado: A unique dish that comes from the mixture of Peruvian food and Chinese-Cantonese. The technique of cooking in a pan and unique preparation makes it one of the Creole dishes most order. It consists in the development of soft pieces of steak, red onions and bright tomatoes seasoned with soy-sauce, served with crunchy French fries and delicious white rice. Long story short....we ordered two Lomo's got the food to go and met at AMC. The plan was for her to buy a movie ticket for a diff movie, then she sneaks into the early screening, and somehow we sneak the food in hahahah. So my other friend gets there and the screening is sold out! Fayul! She decides she's gotta study for a test tomorrow, so she leaves. Other friend and I decide to watch a diff movie and operation sneak in food commences. She had a backpack but that's kinda suspicious, so we went for the jacket wrap around method....mission complete! We get into the movie, I crack open my to-go Lomo, and BAM! Smelt sooo good! I bet people were lookin at us like damn...break bread!  Everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection...I was salivating like the dog from The Sandlot movie. The red onions and bright tomatoes were cripsy and juicy, the French fries literally melted in your mouth and were soaked in the juice from the steak and veggies. This is a must order! I destroyed it! I def like this Peruvian joint over PIsco's. I'm sure there are other hidden gems on the menu, but it's going to be hard to top this one! I'll be back fo sho!
This place is a must!  Excellent food, the Loma Saltado was fantastic, beef was very tender and the sauce made the French fries even better, mixed ceviche was wonderful, very flavorful.  Can't wait to go back!
Found this place through the Upromise site.  Saving for college and its a local place with great food....huge win!  Its small inside so if your bringing a group over 5 I would call ahead but well worth it.  The food is amazing and we had great service as well.
I had the Peruvian Loma Saltado, a dish that combines tender flank steak, peppers, red onions, and French fries! It was smothered in a wonderful sauce and the owner recommend a spicy chili sauce that really made this dish pop! Nice ambiance and perfect for a date night with your significant other!
AMAZING food! I have been craving ceviche for a few days and I'm so glad we came here! The ceviche mixto was amazingly tasty and a great size if you want to share or eat as you main dish. I had the lomo salteado and the beef was cooked to perfection. If you want something refreshing try the mango shake. Definitely coming back!
Tasty food, great ambience, excellent service! I've been five times and never dissapoints.
Best ceviche in town however I usually order take out and the new staff consistently forgets to provide the sauces.  Also they've changed the music played to regular radio music instead of the charming genre specific to the fare.....don't we have enough trashy Americana already? A 20 year service industry veteran, my disappointment will not keep me away from this restaurant they just need to step the service back up to where it was in the beginning....restaurant guests should NEVER have to double check their to go order for accuracy
So good! My husband and I went and shared the shrimp ceviche and the yuca. Both were amazing. The menu is a little confusing to read and their Facebook page shows some off-menu items, but I can't wait to go back and try some more of their dishes. A rare treasure at the beach!
Very good and very authentic. This restaurant will not disappoint anyone looking for something different or familiar.
Great variety of gourmet peruvian dishes. Small environment for a couple or two couples lunch. Papas a la huancaina and chicha de maiz my favorites. It reminded me my trip to Lima.
This place is a hidden gem. The food is great and the staff is so nice. We were the only ones in the place, but it was really really good! We had some great steak and fish there. Highly recommend!
ceviche is soo good here! atmosphere is a little odd, a lot of blue/black/white decor but you can't beat the food! my gma is Peruvian and she also agrees.
I loved it so much and I'm so sad I don't live any closer :( the service is awesome and the food is just so authentic! It's a must go.
Wonderful meal here. I had mixed ceviche and the mahi which were excellent. I would return and have the beef dish. Small space but wonderful food.
My friend and I went to try it as I found it by accident, and I am glad I did, as a peruvian I can tell you the food is on point, and presentation is great, try lomo saltado and aji de gallina, both are awesome, and don't forget the spicy yellow sauce, but don't worry it is not that spicy, it just adds flavor, many people that tried it have been hooked
So happy there is another option for Peruvian food in Jacksonville! I had their ceviche and loved it. It was fresh and delicious. My husband had the yuca appetizer dish and it was just as good. I look forward to our next visit!
I am so glad I found Ceviche JAX! They simply make the best peruvian dishes in town! The restaurant itself is located in a small shopping center (if you call it that) off of Seminole Rd over on Atlantic Beach. It's easy to miss as it is a tiny hole in a wall restaurant. Nothing wrong with being a hole in the wall because in my opinion, they usually have the best food! The place itself is very tiny, with a touch of modern decor to it. Their theme was mostly blue and white which was cute and made it feel homey (to me anyways). The service was superb! There was one server working, but she was able to tend to every tables need at a decent timing. She even recommended her favorite dishes! We ended up ordering their Mixed Ceviche JAX which consisted of diced fish marinated in fresh squeezed lime juice, garlic, herbs, and peruvian spicy peppers as an appetizer. The ceviche itself was very good! It was seasoned perfectly and the fish was very tender. There was also an abundance amount of fish in the ceviche plate, so you are not cheated out of the portions like some places. For the main entree we both ordered their JAX classic peruvian lomo saltado which consisted of sauteed beef tenderloin, purple onions, fresh tomatoes and crunchy french fries served with white rice. The beef itself was very tender and seasoned perfectly. Again, the portion size was decent for the price they have on these meals. Overall, it was a great dining experience! Ceviche JAX is definitely the place to go for quality Peruvian dishes in Jacksonville. Can't wait to return!
Outstanding!  Fantastic ceveche, as well as beautiful atmosphere....(Love the cool blue lighting)...a romantic place.  Will definately go back!
Now this place is (opened Sunday) brand new to Rat Town, Atlantic Beach. The food was out of this world good. The Ceviche was so so very fresh and crisp. I asked and ordered what might server said was the best the Mixed Ceviche and a heat level medium. She was right on point with her recommendation. The fish, shrimp, and squid couldn't have been fresher. I think I saw a piece quivering. There was a really good amount of it to. When she brought me out the plate (see photo) I thought it had a bunch of rice or fillers but I was wrong. A soon as I broke the pile open I realized that it was all seafood. The spice level could have been slightly higher for me but my wife would have been really happy with it. She says I burned all the taste buds off my tongue. There is a couple of things that they can do to make this place sing thou. First is get an open sign cause I could not tell they were opened. Neither did a couple I was sitting next to. The other thing is (I told her) they miss spelled the website address. I would also tell the chef to pull the tails off the shrimp but that's me.  Other then that I would again make a trip from the airport to eat here.
Read about this place in Jacksonville magazine. Best ceviche I have had in a while. My wife had a beef fish and it was great, too. In a tiny strip mall but def worth the stop.
Hidden Gem - This place is really good!  It doesn't look like much from the outside but it is truly authentic Peruvian food.  We had a craving for ceviche and this place sure delivered.  It was delicious, fresh and authentic!  This ceviche was just as good as the great ceviche I have had in Miami and Peru.  Very reasonably priced too.
Highly recommend this place. I went with some friends to try it out, the Ceviche, Tiradito, Causa, Lomo Saltado and Chicha are excellent. This is very authentic to food you find in Peru.
We were pleased with this great find! Nestled away in a strip mall on Atlantic Blvd, inside the atmosphere is great for a date or small group. The service was friendly and Gabrielle was very nice, engaging and attentive. The ceviche was fresh and was great as an appetizer to share or big enough to serve as its own dish. Most of our party ordered the "El Macho" for dinner, which came with a fillet of lemon sole, calamari and shrimp with a creamy yellow pepper sauce and a side of rice, it was definitely one of the best seafood dishes we've had in a while. Ceviche Jax is one of our new favorite restaurants in Jacksonville!
Highly recommend! Great food and service. The Peruvian yellow pepper sauce alone is worth the trip. Very nice people in charge.
