Took my friend here for her birthday!! We did our treatments together!! They gave us a sweet private room. She got a pedicure and I got a manicure. It was so nice to be able to chat and not worrying about rude people chiming in! lol The sweet lady doing my manicure was very understanding about me not wanting polish because I was pregnant and wanted to go the natural route. She shined and buffed my nails so well you would of thought she snuck clear polish in there! Hahaha It lasted weeks and I got so many compliments!!!! Best of all I got to visit with my friend and she can't stop talking about it!! Can't wait to go back!!!
I wish I had found this place sooner, especially since it's located right across from the Starbucks in the town center that I stop by twice a week anyway. Stopped by this morning for the signature spa facial and was blown away by the service. I like that they are focused and fast, but still very tuned in to learning your needs and addressing them. Leaves more time for the important stuff - sloughing off dead skin and cleansing. I had Tanya and she was fantastic; she really understood my skin needs and had several suggestions about how to care for my breakout-prone and oily skin. The private rooms are very relaxing, with heated tables and soft spa music playing in the background. I forgot I was in the bustling town center and felt like I was at a spa on a cruise ship or a nice hotel. All the better to focus on during the extraction part of the process - ouch, but worth it. I'll definitely be going back and am so happy to have discovered this great spa so close to home.
This place has a great product selection with some high quality brands that are very hard to find elsewhere in Jacksonville. Always clean and great customer service. One thing I noticed is that they do not offer refunds for purchased items, only store credit. Not that I've had to, but it seems a little odd. I have been offered samples when I wasn't sure what to buy, which is nice in that case.
Don't get a pedicure here. Terrible quality. And they don't care. My polish was all over the place, and when I tried to complain, I wasn't important enough to speak to the spa director-I could only see her am assistant. I've never experienced that before. The shop is nice, products that are hard to find elsewhere, and it looks like the other services might be cool. Sadly, due to lack of customer service, I won't be back to find out.
Yesterday I finally got around to using a Natural Body gift card my family got me for Mother's Day.  I am a big fan of pampering, unfortunately I don't get to do indulge in it that much.  People you aren't related to charge a lot of money to pamper you.  Who knew? Anyway, I've always liked the shop, but never had any treatments there.  My favorite things to get are massages and facials, so I booked a 60 minute Signature Massage and the hour long Corrective Facial.  This facial is a little more expensive than the Signature Facial, but I have really clogged pores and blackheads, so I was hoping a little something extra would help. When you get to the shop, they escort you through a sliding wooden door to the wonders of the spa area.  I was seated in a dimly lit seating area with soothing music and pitchers of ice water.  My massage therapist, Lara, came to get me within a few minutes.  She was amazing, a friendly soft spoken lady who turned me into a big puddle of goo by the time the hour was over.  The massage table was soft and comfy and just the right temperature, and even the head rest was plush. Afterwards I was escorted down the hallway to wait a few minutes for my facial.  I didn't wait long before Nyel, the esthetician showed up to claim me.  She asked me about my skin concerns and told me about the extra step in the corrective facial, a fruit acid peel which would get through a couple of layers of skin.  It's not as scary as it sounds, I swear.  The peel was the first step after cleansing, and it did tingle and sting ever so slightly, but nothing horrible.  After a few more applications of whatever goop they use (I've never asked, as long as it works, I don't really care what it is), then came the dreaded extractions.  This hurts.  A lot.  But it's worth it.  Then more cooling goop and a nice arm and shoulder massage and we're done.  Nyel was fantastic, very funny and chatty.   Then comes the part I always hate on the rare occasions I've gotten to indulge in these activities, the dreaded push to sell you products.  This DID NOT happen here.  Yay!  Don't get me wrong, they both did suggest some products, that's their job, but there was no pressure, and they didn't hover over me in the shop to see if I bought.  I actually would have bought the oil reducing lotion Nyel suggested, but it was expensive and I had my heart set on using the rest of my gift card on some Bumble & Bumble conditioner. This place is a definite winner.  I will go back when I'm ready to treat myself.  Oh, and my skin when I got out of the shop and could see it in the light?  Amazing.  My pores were almost invisible and no blotchiness.  It's still that way today.
I called Natural Body at noon and got an appointment at 2p.m. The same day! My massage therapist was Kathleen and she was awesome! She hit all the right spots and it was very relaxing. I prefer very firm pressure and she delivered! Everyone I encountered was super friendly and professional. The price is worth the treatment!
I blame my friend, a former "elite spas of the world" employee, for getting me addicted to this place. I haven't ever been to the actual spa part [she has and says they give awesome treatments], but I have been to the shop. I have very dry skin. I know, tmi. But, it is important to know that to understand that all my life I have looked for a face treatment that would help my skin stay moisturized. It's like my skin just sucks up the lotion and it evaporates... like it never even happened. That is, until I  became acquainted with Jurlique, sold at Natural Body! Jurlique is an all natural skin care line that has done wonders for my skin. I am officially addicted. It also costs an arm and a leg, but it lasts a long time and works so well that it is honestly worth the money. Natural Body is the only place I know of that carries this line, and they carry a number of other great lines, as well, ranging from skin care to hair care to beauty care. I definitely recommend this place to people who are looking to do their body good, even if it does cost a pretty penny.
Natural Body Spa and Shoppe is a lovely little day spa at the St Johns Town Center. I indulged in a 90 minute massage here right before my wedding last year. I must have been in newlywed mode if I'm just getting around to doing the review. The front part of the spa is a retail shop with a great variety of products, including lots of candles. The waiting area is tranquil and sets the mood for your treatment. The treatment rooms themselves are well decorated and conducive to relaxation. My massage was heavenly and the therapist responded well to feedback during the course of the massage. I will definitely be back the next time I need a little indulgence!
Extremely Overpriced for Mani/Pedi I had a facial which was amazing and worth every single penny. The esthetician - tanya- was VERY good. She did amazing extractions and with an eyebrow wax it was 105$ The mani/pedi took FOREVER in a non enjoyable type of way- it was 2 hours FFS.  There was a 16$ add on for french tip which is absurd. Tota price for Mani/pedi was a wopping 96$ This is INSANE in my book and i am doking them points because of it
This will be a weird review. It was my first time at the establishment. The front desk staff was professional and courteous. They had availability to take me same day. I went in for a massage. The office was nice and relaxing. They have another waiting room away from the front desk which I thought was nice and unique. There was not a lot of talk about what I wanted in the massage. The massage therapist was so nice but the massage itself was 5 percent relaxing. I felt like my back was being rubbed off or beaten in. At first I thought maybe it was just my back but all I wanted to do was cry during the massage and wondering when the torture would be over. I feel like it was a sports massage but I didn't even feel good afterwards. The following day I feel like my back is very sore like I had been in a physical altercation. This place had great reviews but I won't be back. It was honestly the worst massage I ever had. I need to get another one to try and make my back feel better.
Great spa friendly staff and very helpful! A hidden gem with in jacksonville.
I was looking for a spa to take a client to as we had a few hours before our flight.  I looked up spas in Jacksonville and happened upon Natural Body.  I called on Tuesday and they were able to accomodate us at our requested time on Wednesday morning.  The staff was great and our massage therapists were very accomodating and kind.  They offer bed warmers so you never get cold and the whole experience was just amazing.  I have had many massages and this was one of the best that I have had in years.  The therapists worked magic on the areas that we told them hurt the most.  I even fell asleep during my massage - sommething I have NEVER done.  She got deep into the tension areas.  All in all, an amazing spa.  I only hope that they expand to the West Coast.
Never got to go because she would not honor my living social deal. Said she had no appointments left and would not honor after the expire date.  I will never do business here. Thats not customer service!!!!
This is another business I frequented in Atlanta and was delighted to find here in Jacksonville.  Their services are wonderful, but my favorite thing about Natural Body is the atmosphere - very peaceful and relaxing, and the truest day spa I have found here in town. Massages, nail treatments, facials, body treatments - they've all been wonderful, and the location is very convenient.
Amazing I got a manicure and a pedicure one day a stone massage the next. All of the services are amazing. Amy is an amazing nail tech and she is very personable. I cannot wait to go back to his spa the next time I am in Jacksonville !!!!
On Sunday, March 20, 2011 I had booked two massage for my mother and I -- it was my anniversary gift to her. I let the appointment maker know this. The appointments were at 12, and we arrived 10 minutes early as requested. I requested two separate therapists, as this wasn't meant to be a couples massage. I was called back for my massage, but when my session was over, I discovered that my mother's appointment was mistakenly scheduled not for 12 (as it was booked), but for 1:15.  Because of other plans, we could not wait around for the later time slot.  As a consolation, I was given a discount on the massage I just had -- and 2 vouchers for 15% off a future massage for both my mother and I.   While I would have preferred my mother to be given another appointment and a comped massage because the appointment mistake was not my fault, I thought the vouchers would suffice.  Until a few hours later when I read the fine print.  The voucher was only good for 30 days and only valid on Mondays, Tuesdays or Wednesdays (I think, I don't have the paper in front of me, but it was for 3 week days, not including a Friday).  Both my mother and I work (and I live in DC) so this voucher arrangement would never be able to be used.  I certainly won't be able to come back to Jax within a month.   The low rating is for the customer service of the spa.  The conciliatory voucher was inadequate for the mistake made by the spa. I did not make a stink in the spa because I am not that type, plus there were other customers around and I was trying to be polite.  But after reading the vouchers, I am more than pissed that I was shooed out of the spa and  provide with something to keep me quiet so as not to upset other patrons.  The ridiculousness of the fine print and the unfortunately bad appointment setting practices and inadequate remedy is what garners such a low rating for this spa.   For future customers, please be aware of this problem and triple check.  While I didn't double check the booking myself, I did receive a call from the spa on the Friday before confirming my appointments.  So I no reason to suspect things were not as I had booked. T hat being said, the massage I had was excellent (can't remember the therapists name). The low ranking is for the customer service and inadequate remedy to a mistake made by the spa employees.
