Visiting from out of time and needed a little pampering. Found the best place. Have to say it was the best pedicure I have ever had. Mimi was excellent. The massage was extremely relaxing. They provide paraffin wax and lots of massage of legs and feet. They even do a neck and shoulder massage while your toes are drying. After all the pampering and pretty feet again the cost was less than $30. Happy lady.
I used to really, really love this place but after my last visit I can honestly say that I will NEVER be back. I went in the evening before my senior prom for a mani/pedi. One of my girlfriends and I had planned to come here to spend a little extra money on our mani/pedis because we wanted a girls night out. Upon walking in the door, we had to wait for about five minutes for anyone to acknowledge our presence, then a pen was basically thrown at my friend to sign in. The man seemed as though he wanted her to hurry up so she simply wrote 'mani/pedi' and both of our names. Simple enough. The man tells us to have a seat and we do so. About 30 minutes later, he seats ONE of us. Obviously annoyed because I came in with my girlfriend to have this done together, I tell him I'll wait til she can sit too. He sighs obnoxiously loudly then turns around and walks away. About 15 minutes later, he calls us both over and tells us to sit down. We sit in our chairs and asked for two bottled waters. They were hot. Which is fine, didn't bother me much. Both of our pedicures were done very sloppily, and our techs were very rude and did not understand a word of English. When the woman went to do my manicure, I explained to her that I needed acrylic nails as I am an avid nail biter, and my friend explained to her tech that she wanted gel. They both got very distraught and began to tell us that they couldn't do either. Really becoming annoyed, I pulled my hands away and told the woman that I was paying good money and I wanted acrylics for my senior prom. She looked really pissed, so she waved over a young guy who was maybe two years older than me. He begins to explain that for acrylics, I would have to wait another 15-20 minutes for another tech. I told him that would be fine, I had to have acrylics for prom. THEN he proceeds to tell me that no, I cannot wait because they close in 30 minutes. I told him that I refused to pay for the manicure, but paid for the pedicure. I called Venetian Day Spa, also located in the town center, 10 minutes before they closed. I explained the situation and they took me right in, and gave me half off my manicure for my bad experience at the other salon. I will NEVER go back to Royal! I will take my business to Venetian!
I've been coming here since they first opened, despite living in St Augustine. I was so excited that they also opened another location near my boyfriends house by the airport. I get the best pedicures hear for a great price. They do paraffin wax and hot stone massages and really take their time on the foot and leg massage. Now that I'm attending UNF I'm having to stop myself from getting pedicures weekly despite not needing them. I had Mary this morning and she was very sweet and did a fantastic job! The salon is always clean and the staff very friendly.
I'm just sitting at home and decided to start goggling around getting ready for the holiday shopping. And I notice one of my favorite place that my family loves to go to have some ridiculous reviews. I have been buying gift certificates from this salon for my family for the past 4 years. My family had always give me the good feedback on this salon, even though I never been there before. The reason for that is that I'm a man, I was never interested until last week. My wife which I always purchase gift certificate for, force me to come with her. I think from now on, I will go with her. It is a very cool experience. Best place in Town Center, and best in town as well.
This used to be my favorite place. The fact is, they've over extended themselves to pack people in and the wait list is too long. They lost me as a customer permanently when I signed up for the VIP service and four people who followed me were placed in front of me after 20 minutes of waiting. Since they were together, they talked them into getting the VIP service and bumped up my wait to another 25 minutes after initially telling me I would get in immediately. They then told me I would pay $5 to take my name off the list for "set up". Yeah....I'll find a new nail salon.
I am on the fence of giving them 3 stars or 4. I've always enjoyed the service done by their nail techs (Especially Tina and Rose). 70% of the time they will tell you the wait is 25minutes and your actual wait is double that. I understand that not everyone is requesting the same service but it is just inconvenient. They do service drinks with there service and pay attention to detail with clean tools. The shop always appears in good clean shape but usually busy.
Visiting from out of town and wanted a pamper me day. By far the best mani/pedi I've ever had. The staff is on too of the schedule, the mani and pedi both have paraffin wax and plenty of massage, then they offer to massage your neck while you are drying!! Definitely see Bob.
I am not a big fan of this place and I've tried it a couple times. A friend really likes it so I agreed to go with her. I don't usually get gel manis but decided to get one so my polish would last longer. The nail tech who was doing my nails said something to me then disappeared in the back for quite some time. Then when she returned she was talking on her cell phone while she was doing my nails. Then several times she was assisting the person running the register. I thought this was very unprofessional. My pedicure was fine in terms of service, not anything special. The color I chose was supposed to match the gel color of my nails. I watched the nail tech who was doing my pedicure put nail polish remover in the bottle to thin it, then the color was totally different than what was on my nails. I really liked the nail color so I later went out and bought a bottle and repainted them myself with the actual OPI color, and full strength it is totally different. So they thin their polish here, you have been warned. Finally, the nail tech who did my gel nails was telling me how she does a great job and how long it lasts and she put three coats of gel on there. When I went to have it removed several weeks later the salon in DC soaked my nails for 30 minutes after filing the top layer a bit. It was still VERY difficult for them to remove. They said only two coats are supposed to be applied with gel nails. When I had my gel nails done there they lasted just as long and were much easier to remove without all the nail damage. I do NOT recommend this place.
Went there for the first time today and I have to say this is the best place that I have ever been to!!!! I had to wait a little long but I must say that it was worth the wait. And also if you have a long wait you can leave and come back if you would like!!! The service I had was so different and I felt so relax and my nails turned out really great after I got it all done!!! They even have someone that gives you a massage while your toes and feet are drying which I think  is pretty neat. If you happen to have time think about stopping by.  I definitely recommend going there. In my case I will defining be going again!!!
I've been here a couple of times. In the beginning I loved them...and then the service went completely downhill. I'm usually try & give places the benefit of a doubt b/c I know everyone one has off days but not them. I swear they pre judge you before you even walk in the door. For example I have friends who work in the service industry & I know for a fact they have a problem with people of color tipping them vs other races. Idk if they think I'm not going to tip or what...but I believe in tipping someone for their services. No if the service is horrible I'm not going to tip that well. I work hard for my money so should they. Any who I stopped going here after the way I was treated the last time I was there.
I get such joy coming to this place. Best pedicures I've ever had anywhere HANDS DOWN. Located in the St. John's Town Center in the same plaza as Suite & Whiskey River. Pedicures are about $30 or so but it is definitely worth it. Service is just over the TOP. The complimentary slushies and snacks, the parrafin wax and hot stones, the plush chairs, the complimentary back massage at the end makes this experience one to remember. Weekends are usually jam packed but the wait is pretty fast as there are a dozen employees constantly at work. The workers are all very friendly and helpful. Definitely not your average nail salon. I will happily let Royal Essence take my money everytime :)
One of the best pedicures I have ever had. Bob was amazing.  He have the greatest massage. Includes hot stone and a back rub at the end. Just what the doctor ordered. Ask for Bob! He was meticulous.
I've been here so many times now that I just absolutely love it. Great mani-pedis. They do offer drinks. Very relaxing and friendly place.
I've been here before and have been satisfied BUT the new VIP section is heavenly. NO KIDS, new chairs and relaxing music. Not to mention the citrus pedi that I love so much has been added. Real fruit! Love love love and a great price compared to Texas. Sam was great with the foot massage!
Royal Essence is located at the outdoor shopping mall adjacent to the Town Center. I have come here on a couple of occasions and am quickly becoming a loyal customer. They go above and beyond to give quality services here for only slightly more than your average nail spa. The first time I came here I got the Royal Essence Premier Deluxe pedicure, which costs about $60 or so and boasts a much longer, more involved pedicure with lots of massage. Got to say, it is not worth it. The $28 Royal Essence Deluxe [sans Premier] Pedi is basically the same, only about 5 minutes shorter and half the cost! They still do the paraphin and the hot stone massage with the $28 pedi, as well as long massages. Also, after your pedi is done they sit you under the dryers and someone comes around and gives back and neck massages. It is awesome! What a fantastic bonus. You have the option of free water, juice, or soda while you get your pedi, or you can purchase a glass of champagne or wine. I love getting the wine... it really makes the entire experience feel very relaxing and luxurious. The interior decor is a little [spastically] Roman meets neon, but it works. And the massage chairs for the pedi's are really comfy. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to get a nice pedi. You get a lot for your money and leave feeling relaxed and pampered.
As I was shopping, I decided that my toes needed a little fixing up.  So I decided to try Royal Essence.  Boy am I glad that I did!  What a nice experience, everyone was friendly and the service was very quick! I enjoyed the plush, massage chairs for every last second.  I will definitely return for my next pedicure and shellac mani.
I am so disappointed and angry with this place. I drove 20 miles from JAX Base to check this place out because of all the good reviews. WOW, what a waste of time. The pedicure was mediocre at best.  I then when i was getting the shellac i previously had on my nails removed to be redone, i ask the tech to not use the drill. She looked confused then had the guy next to me tell me that i HAD to use the drill to remove the polish which is not true. For the last two years my last lady NEVER used the drill on my nails, she didn't even own one! The tech continued to put the acetone and foil on my nails and then the manager came over an began yelling at me informing me that i have to use the drill of the color wont come off. She then proceeded to say that using the regular file and the drill was the same thing. I said "ok, if its the same thing then i would like the file please." she (the manager) then tried to drill my nails, i pulled my hand away and said "please do not use the drill on my hand. i don't want it." She then grabbed my hands and yanked all the foil off of them and told me to leave. she left my nails an wreck and then still expected me to pay for the pedicure. I paid for the pedicure and continued to be polite because i was raised better than that. But SAVE YOUR MONEY, this was the WORST experience i have ever had at a nail salon. Venetian Nails is right around the corner, i went there after this fiasco. Leslie did my nails exactly how i ask (no drill) with a smile and great conversation. If i stay in Jacksonville long enough to get my nails done i would gladly drive 20 miles to see her again.
My experience at this place was horrible! I had bad customer experience with my service not being up to par. The owner doesn't speak English so the son translates everything, and he is so disrespectful. I asked for a refund and they refused to give me my money back! This is the first time I tried this place out, and they treat people like livestock!!! The more they get in the less they care!!! The son made racial remarks, and stated he doesn't care about great customer service!! I called the police and they stated that this place has so many calls about bad customer service and really Needs to be SHUT DOWN!!!!! DON'T Go To Royal Essence Spa & Nails in St. John Town Center (South Side)
I would give this place a 0 if I could . Rude people!!! Horrible customer service. If you like rude owner and employees then this place is for you.  Sorry to bother you and interrupt your I phone time. Rude rude rude place! If you don't like your job get back on the boat and go back to China, Korea, or whatever other part of the earth you came from.
Luxurious! They truly take their time. You don't feel rushed or like they need to hurry to move on to the next customer. They do a great job with polish, and spend quality time massaging your legs.
The new VIP area is exceptional! I've always liked this place anyway but now with this new area, I over the top love it! No cell phone yappers, no children, gorgeous. Excellent pedicures and massages too. And when you dry your toes, don't forget the amazing massage guy there who is better than what many spas have to offer
The pedicures here are AMAZING! You gat all the bells and whistles without paying an arm and a leg. I don't get them often, but I will return. :D
I have been coming here for over 3 years and I love it!! Always awesome attention to detail. Pedicures are awesome and take almost an hour and a half to complete which is amazing. So reasonably priced and exceptional work. Very personable. The massage chairs are wonderful and the ambiance is perfect. Would recommend to anyone and everyone.
My friend and I came here because she told me how much she loved getting a pedicure here. I see why!! An average nail salon is not going to give you free drinks and a paraffin wax without it costing you extra.  They pay close attention to detail and make sure your ok. The massage they give your feet feels so good. The lady who did my pedicure was the old Asian lady. I will be coming back.
Just got an awesome pedicure! I would recommend this place to anyone that likes to be pampered.
I won a gift certificate for this place and was pleasantly suprised.  They have about 20 pedi chairs, all of which were full.  I liked that they had what looked like 2 guys doing nothing but cleaning/sterilizing towels and instruments.  The pedi was great and the parafin wax is awesome...however, the best was the massage you get while you are under the dryer.  I'll definately be going back!
Got a pedicure here, it was actually amazing and for the money it was well worth it.  I think it was about $28, but it lasted about 45 minutes and came with some hot wax thing over your feet and they even massage your feet and legs with hot stones before they are done?  Want a glass of wine?  No problem they will let you sip on that too while you sit in the massage chairs and slip into foot heaven.
Royal Essence is, by far, my favorite place to get a pedicure in Jacksonville. The "basic" pedicure is only $28 which includes a hot stone massage, paraffin wax, leg & foot exfoliation plus an incredible massage under the dryer. I highly recommend Royal Essence Spa for a pedicure and even a manicure. It's a great value and I always feel extremely relaxed afterwards.
As a guy who likes to get pedicures, I find Royal Essence Spa to be both a great deal and service. They put football on their huge flat screen tv, offer you water, sodas etc while you're being worked on, and their hot stone pedis are fantastic. Pure awesome sauce :)
This is my favorite place to get a mani/pedi!
After trying many nail salons in and around the area, this was a disappointment.  Between the first person not knowing how to do the pedicure that I requested (off of their menu) to the second, who was so incredibly rough and unable to understand when I asked to lessen the pressure.  I will never come back and do not recommend this salon.
This place is strong in some services, but not so much in others. My mother and I went to try it and she got a gel mani and I got a gel full set. My mother's nails looked great and lasted two weeks, mine, on the other hand, kept coming off after just DAYS of having it. I told them this MORE THAN ONCE, and they did not handle is professionally AT ALL, not even once out of those many times that I politely told them what the issue was. Actually, the first time I went in there to tell them the issue of my nail polish coming off after just days of having it, one lady there tried to blame it on me instead of telling me that she would be happy to fix it. I told her it came off when I did the simplest things such as washing my hands, but that nail polish should last when you do simple things. She still did not care about what I had to say. I think it's safe to say they run this business more on money, money, money than on satisfaction. And I also get the impression that unless you complain in a rude way, which I really do not like to do, then they will just run all over you. Pretty disappointing if I must say so myself. I mean I do pay money out of my pocket to have nice nails, not to donate it to them for nothing in return and certainly not to walk out of there dissatisfied, but they don't seem to think in those terms...very selfish. I mean I asked them to do one thing, one simple thing and that's to have nice, long-lasting nails and they can't accomplish that in a nail salon? Not cool! They need to realize customer satisfaction is #1 in running a business like this if they want to keep it up and running. I understand not every business is perfect, but if you make a mistake, you should know how to handle that mistake in a professional way and they did not do so AT ALL.
Rose was a sweetheart. Service was impeccable and prices affordable.
Best Nail salon in Jacksonville! They have tons of colors to chose from and Emily does the best Gel! They don't skimp on length of pedicure and they really pay attention to detail!  Don't freak it you wait a few minutes, because they are that good that they tend to be busy, but I guarantee it won't be long! It's worth it!!
Okay so I took my mom here for mothers day on the reference of yelp reviewers. I had just a gel manicure.  My nail tech Tina was great, she was very friendly and talkative.  She did a great job.  She put a lot of top coat on so my nail polish lasted for a while and even when I switched colors (at a different nail salon) they had a hard time taking it off because she did such a good job!  However, when I compared notes with my mom (who was very unsatisfied with her nail tech)  I quickly became unsatisfied with their service hearing her story.  Apparently, her nail tech was very lazy.  My mom has solar nails, or to what I understand here it is called sea shell nails (not sure if that is a common name for the type of nails she has.)  In any case he didn't want to drill off the old color to put on a new color so he pushed her to just paint over the entire nail.  His theory was that it would be cheaper, but when I questioned him on the price difference it turned out that it would be the same price.  When I called him on this his response was clear that the only reason why he was pushing painting over the entire nail was only because he was to lazy to do the full job he was being paid for.  Needless to say after dealing with this I've decided to keep on looking for a new nail salon that will be comparable to my old nail salon in Hawaii. May the search remain.
