Took a chance on this salon as I was in desperate need of a cut. The staff was beyond friendly and Michelle was soooo great. She took the time to help me understand what she was going to do and to ensure she would be doing the right thing for me! She also didn't try and hard sell me anything, which is so refreshing. She showed me what she used, explained the benefits, and offered samples, but was never pushy. I bought two products and will be back in the future. So glad I went in!
I went in to get my prom hair done. I had to wait 30 minutes for my stylist. After being burned on my ear and taking forever, she finished up and it looked nothing like the picture I showed her. I desperately asked her to pull it up because it looked so bad, which delayed my appointment even longer.  I was an hour late getting out of there and was charged an arm and a leg. I will not be going back due to my 30 minute wait time, burnt ear, and horrible style. The place was clean and staff friendly, however.
I had my hair done for the first time by this salon and I will keep coming back!! My hair was cut by Melissa and she was amazing! I had some damaged ends and we were able to come to a great plan how to get rid of them. Before she washed my hair she used a peppermint oil on her hands to give me a head massage. It was amazing and relaxing! Then while I was getting a conditioning treatment she gave me a hand massage! When it came to cutting my hair she was awesome! She had experience with damaged ends before herself so she knew what it was like to need to cut them off and to grow your hair out. Also, I think since I was open to cutting my hair shorter we worked great together. She evened out my length and gave me really cute layers! (Hair does grow back so you shouldn't be afraid to cut a little more off to have it be healthier.) My hair turned out great and can't wait for my hair to grow more so I can go back!! Lol
I've been coming here for almost a year. I enjoy the no fuss but professional waxing services. Friendly staff. Flexible hours.
Aura Salon is theeee best salon hands down for whatever your hair care needs. They also offer a wide variety of other services including massages, which I have heard great things about but haven't been fortunate enough to experience yet due to laziness on my part in making an appointment. Aura Salon is centrally located right off Southside and has a nice vibe inside. The decor is well presented, upscale but not at all pretentious, and the staff is so welcoming. I always go see Sarah Bright and highly recommend her from a simple trim (men's or women's) to more elaborate cuts/styles, highlights, lowlights or even fixing what someone else (at another salon you should have never chosen instead!) messed up :) She can also give great advice and help if you just want to change your whole look, feel especially pampered for no reason, or would like an updo for any events. I have been coloring my hair for over 16 years and Sarah is by far the stylist I trust the most and trusted immediately after the first time she gave me a color, cut and awesome conditioning treatment that left my hair super soft! Another major plus of Aura is they have the most comfortable chairs at the hair washing stations I have ever been in. I almost fall asleep every time! I used to feel like getting my color done every 4-6 weeks was a chore but since I found Sarah and Aura, I look forward to it!
Bad salon. My hair needed an intense color fix and they didn't improve it. The girl who did my hair was training with no experience and turned the my blonde hair gray and it still looked orange. I would not recommend this salon at all because one, they did not fix my hair and two the inexperience was unprofessional. I should of ran for the hills when I saw that. Now I have to pay someone else to fix it again. Never agin.
I have been on the hunt for a decent hair styist since moving to Jax from Miami, 2 years ago.  I am happy to say I have found one!  Rita cut my hair exactly how I wanted, and matched the picture I brought in.   The service was great from beginning to end.  Lidia, who massaged and shapooed me, was also friendly and did an excellent job getting me relaxed before my cut.  I will definitely be back for color treatments.
When I moved to Jacksonville this was my nearest Aveda salon.  My first visit was good - a nice cut, and VERY reasonably priced - so I decided to try it again and do color. The second visit was not so good, in that it didn't happen - a gentleman called and confirmed my appointment by phone.  I arrived for my appointment and the receptionist said they sent a message to cancel it, but I never received it.   I had shuffled my schedule around a bit to squeeze in the appointment, so that was a bit frustrating, but I wasn't terribly bothered - people get sick or have car trouble or things happen. BUT, as I was leaving, I saw my stylist doing someone else's hair lol.  It was at that moment that I decided not to keep my "rescheduled" appointment.   Not a big deal, but it's good to have a salon and stylist that are reliable, especially if you do color regularly - this was a one-time color appointment for me, but if I had grown-out color and roots showing I would have been quite upset. On the plus side, the prices are good, and they have a full range of Aveda services and products.  You can get a cut and style for under $80, and full and highlight color for under $200.  The location is pretty convenient as well.
OK so I booked a 90 min $85 custom facial to take advantage of their first time customer $20 discount. Totally unimpressed.  Completely amateur. Waste of my time, money and gas! Def do not recommend the facials, especially for the price they charge. Go somewhere else where they know what they are doing and are professional. I honestly felt like I had gotten a facial from a cosmetology student on their first term who was faking like they knew what they were doing.  I did not feel refreshed, pampered or even like I got a facial after I left. I felt swindled.   I primarily came because I wanted extractions done, she prob spent 5 min on that.  I did not get steam on my face prior to extraction. Instead she placed  a mask to " pull" my comedones out. Then the aesthetician Sarah C. left the room to leave me with my mask on for like 10 min total.  Yes, I looked at the clock.  Hello!  You are supposed to do extra massages and extractions like the guy on the telephone said you were supposed to get with an extended facial.  Appointment guy was really nice and informative by the way. I looked around and yes, there was a steam machine pushed to the side of the room.  Im just saying, there's a steamer there so why didnt I get steam to open up the pores?!  And the massage was not even a massage. No scalp massage. I just felt like someone was loosely running their hands over my skin.  I prob got 5 min massage on each arm. 2 min on each foot and 15 min on the neck and shoulder, upper back.  I counted the time spent on the second foot.  Yes, it was a minute. WTF? So where was the time spent?  About 15 min washing and toning the face, 10 min for each mask application ( total of 2 masks).  Each time she left the room while my mask sat. Basically that's 20 min of my 90 min facial that I was paying for with nothing going on for an extended facial.  What's the point of extending?  She kept massaging the mask on my face like it was supposed to be the facial massage.  The second mask had a gritty texture so it actually started getting painful.  Same texture as the St Ives mask you get at the drugstore. Then it was 15 min taking the each of masks off with a warm rough towel.  I could tell she was having a hard time getting the stuff off my face so she kept wiping and wiping.  By the end, my décolleté still had grainy mask stuff left which I had to clean off with paper towel in the bathroom. When I got home and got better lighting I still had to do extractions on my nose.  Biore did a better job.  My zit which was a tiny pinpoint before the facial blew up red and the size of a dime....from all the rough wiping and sandy grit. My skin still feels quite raw after 2 days. So the facial was supposedly custom for my skin.  Then why the heck do I walk out with a big red zit like it was Rudolph's nose shining a mile away.  I could recommend salicylic, glycolic, enzyme, tea tree oil or whatever you have to take care of a lil zit!! And the bathroom didn't have soap! Gross!  I'm still pissed thinking about how I spent my time and money..  Then they have the nerve to up sell you on the products they used during the facial. Uuugh I could not wait to get out of there!  I regret that I didn't just walk out after the first 30 min.  You keep lying there thinking it might get better, maybe they have something they do thats worth it.  Mind you I went from yoga class straight to the facial and the facial totally undid my zen.  Uugh!!!! they deserve zero stars
I loved Cassidy at Aura (an Aveda) salon!  I wish I still lived there as I'd still be going to her... She literally gave me the best hairstyles and cuts I'd ever had... and the price was extraordinarily reasonable (about $40).  Now that I've moved to a different area (Northern VA/DC), I realize just how great Aura was and how much bang I was getting for the buck.  I loved the hair consultation at the beginning of each appointment BEFORE getting my hair washed, the scalp massages in the chair before my hair was washed, how meticulous Cassidy was and how much time she spent making sure my hair was perfection, the makeup applications after my haircuts, the soothing and relaxing environment.  I'd tried one or two other salons in Jacksonville before finding Aura (including Salon B2K, which I liked okay), but once I found Aura I knew my search was over.
I wanted to get a facial 3 weeks before my wedding, as I had a particularly stubborn zit on my chin and had persistently broken out over my eyebrow. It's been one week now, and it's all cleared up! In addition to the facial working well, I enjoyed my experience. The people were welcoming, friendly, and professional. The entrance was bright, clean, modern, and the place smelled like a spa should. The room that I got a facial was relaxing with nice music. And Alida, who did my facial, did a great job consulting with me on what I wanted/needed, and she wasn't a blabber-mouth so I could relax.
I have been coming to Aura for a little over a year now, and couldn't recommend it more. I enjoy my haircuts; however, really want to talk about my facials and massages. Most recently i got a facial from Hope. Hope is the only person who does the spa services at Aura and really, she is all they need! I have gone to many places for facials before, including Natural Body Spa in the Town Center, and Hope beats them all. Not only does she do a great job at extracting and cleaning, she also gives you a arm, scalp and shoulder massage!! It is amazing. Go now.
Jessie is awesome, she has been doing my hair for 5 years and she never let's me down. She always goes above and beyond with hand massages and neck rubs while my color processes.
