Diana is AMAZING!  I was more than a little nervous for my first Brazilian wax but she quickly put me at ease and did an amazing job.  It takes real talent for someone to be able to chat with you, expertly do their job, and make you not feel awkward being sans clothing from the waist down while being waxed in the most private and intimate of places.  I know some gynecologists who could learn something from this very talented young woman.   When I went in for the service, I figured I'd just get through it and never do it again but after my experience with Diana and the staff at Sole', I'll be back every 6-8 weeks from here on out.   Simply the best!
Have always loved this place, but just had a bad experience: This morning I was able to make a last minute appt at Sole for 12:30 today. I arrived abt 3 mins early to Sole, to get out of my car and realize that the Spa had moved locations - something they failed to mention when I booked the appt.   I called Sole and asked if they moved, to which the receptionist answered, "Yeah." Sooo, I asked, "Where?" She said, "Fourth." "Fourth and what?" "Fourth and Third. It's, like, a two-story house." Looked for the new location for abt 10 mins, during which time my phone died - couldn't find it, so I headed home. I just received an email from them that they will be charging me $25 for my "no-show" as I did not cancel 6 hrs in advance (even though my appt was only made 2 hrs ago, making this impossible). Lesson learned: Bad service - won't be going back.
The five star rating that I am giving is for the service! If I had to rate the facilities, I would go with 3 stars - clean, functional, quiet, pleasant, but nothing mind-boggling as far as facilities. Now..the service..I had my massage with Alex and was truly impressed. I go for massages mostly due to sports related pains and injuries, so I can tell the difference between a skilled therapist and one who doesn't know what he is doing. Alex was clearly among the best I have come across! He worked exactly the problem areas and I felt much better after the massage. I wish I had gotten the 90 minutes one! I will be definitely going back even though I am a member at another spa salon that is closer to home. I may consider even switching membership..the only thing is that Sole Spa's hours are more restrictive than my current salon. But Sole Spa have a great online appointment system so you can see availability and select a therapist. Either way, I will be going back for sure
Diana, Melanie, and the staff at Sole Spa are simply superb! They are 100% dedicated to creating the best spa experience you've ever had - EVERY time you come in! The spa is clean, friendly, and most of all, very relaxing! I highly recommend it because at Sole, they take the time to get to know their clients!
I love Sole. Everyone here is friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating. I always look forward to going to my appointments and have never, ever had anything less than excellent service. It's very clean, laid back and peaceful.  Make an appointment well in advance, as they're pretty busy.  They've been able to fit me in on short notice before but it's not something I'd bet on.
UPDATED REVIEW I had previously posted a mediocre review and was pleasantly surprised when the manager messaged me privately to determine what they could do better.  After some brief discussion, I agreed to go back for a complimentary massage.  Neither the LMT or girls at the front desk knew I was there for a "redo."  It was great.  Giovanni used the exact pressure and style I like and I got a full 60 minutes, plus some great plum infused white tea.  They also have some of the lowest prices for massage in town.   I am not just impressed with my second experience, but that the owners care enough about their customers to make sure they leave (and come back) happy. I plan to make Sole Spa my regular relaxation spot.
I just have to say that Diana is indeed the Master Waxer! I have been going to her for over 2 years now and shame on me for just now bragging on her. She is the fastest and most professional in the business, waxing my full legs, underarms, bikini + in 30 minutes!  Cleanliness is of utmost concern and she is spot on in this area, getting a 5 from me. She is always on time and gets me in and out so I can get on with my day.  Giovanni has given me a few massages and customizes according to my needs. I always feel restored and refreshed when I leave. I appreciate their passion to their professions and highly recommend them to all.
This place is AWESOME! Always on time, accommodating, and super friendly. I go to Diana for brazilian waxes - BEST I've had. Well worth it.
Diana does not use gloves.  She uses a tray filled with various waxes, which, who knows who else these waxes have been used on.  Read between the lines ladies.  This is a cesspool of bacteria.  I will never go back...which is a shame because Diana is sweet & there doesn't seem to be any other decent places for a good Brazilian around here.:(.  But please, do not waste your money or time on this horrible waxing or you will pay for it for 3-7 days with an RX...
I bought  a G roupon for a facial with Fanny. I am notorious for waiting until the last minute to redeem them and didn't call for my appointment until days before expiration. There were no appointments available. This can go either way with a Groupon, but I'm not sure I expect them to honor it when I wait too late. No matter, they said they would honor it without question. For that, they get good service points, in my mind. I did not show up early enough to do my paperwork, but Fanny was waiting for me the second I was finished and got me going right away. She did a wonderful job. I have had a number of facials and love how my skin feels after, but I don't think it has ever felt quite as smooth and soft as it did when I left there. It was wonderfully relaxing and felt great. Fanny is very professional and does a lovely job. This is a small spa without all the amenities of the fancy spas, but it feels more personal. You do not get a sales pitch for $500 worth of products on your way out. I did get a thank you card with a discount for my next visit in the mail. Nice touch that I will be taking advantage of:) The staff was very pleasant, the facilities are all you need for a single service. My favorite little day spa closed. Sole Spa gets to take its place:)
I was so relieved when I found Sole' about a year ago after a Google search.  Diana gives the best brazilian bikini wax in all of Jacksonville!  Other services I have tried and can highly recommend are facials by Lauren and massage by Giovanni.   You can also book appointments online which I love.  It is so convenient.
Perfect place for affordable massages and waxing.  Atmosphere is nice, the staff is professional, and the prices are fair.  Diana is great, and I have had some of the best massages from Sarah.  I highly recommend this spa!
This place is the one in the center near Hertz at the beach... It says DAY SPA on the awning. I was 6 minutes late for my 11am appointment, I said that I was late and I was told no problem. Have you been here before. I said no and was asked to fill out a routine sheet asking my history... The massuse took me back as soon as I was complete. She told me to get comfortable and she would be right back. It was 11:18 when she began working on me. It was an OK massage, not a lot of pressure and when she found the areas I needed work, she moved on,,,,,, Anyway at 11:55 she was done and said to take my time getting ready. I walked out and it was noon. I told the girl at the desk what had happened and asked why I had not gotten the entire hour and she looked at the owner. He proceeded to tell me that it was because of the paperwork and blah blah blah that it is not actually 60 minutes of massage. I was 60 minutes from door to door basically. He offered to extend my next massage. I declined considering I would never go back there or spend my money there. The reason that I checked them out in the first place was because I had a gift card..... DEFINATELY DO NOT reccommend this place!!!!!!
Really great place to get your waxing done, any of it. The process is very gentle and Diana is sooooo nice to you while you are getting it done. It is extremely comfortable place and I would and have recommended it to friends. If you have never waxed before, this would be the place to go.  You can ask all your questions without feeling silly.
Diana is amazing! The spa is spotless. Simply the best in town!
