Oh, the life of a road warrior.  Bouncing from city to city can really wear you out and sometimes a good massage is what you need to put that spring back in your step. Located just five minutes from the Jacksonville International Airport, this little oasis was a nice respite from an otherwise hectic day.  All different type of conventional massage and aromatherapy are offered.   Once you enter the backrooms with their subdued lights it is hard not to feel relaxed.  The massage was terrific and expertly done.  The massage staff are very professional and attentive.  I tried their introductory massage for $39.99 and thought it was great.  Normally, I believe that it is $59.99, but just like Massage Envy, there is a membership program that offers discounts. Two reasons for the lack of 5 stars. There is no post massage or meditation room for you to transition from your relaxed state, that many of the Massage Envy places offer.  Additionally, they are a little bit heavy handed on the sales pitch to get you to join.  The last thing I want is to feel pressured to buy something after I just paid for a massage to relax.  Regardless, I will likely return, but just tell them up front that I am not interested in any membership incentives.
I was able to call in and get an appointment the following day which was great.  The location is very clean and the staff was nice.  The only bummer is how hard they try to push you to become a member.  I had to say "no" at least 5 times.  You do get a discount on your first massage and then after that I think it's $80 which seems a little pricey but not overwhelming.  I would probably come back just because the location is convenient for me.
Been a member for over a year. This place is very clean, the room is very relaxing. I love the music it takes me to another happy place.  always look forward for my monthly massage. Staff are friendly
Just yesterday I had the worst massage of my entire life.  I was traveling through the area picking up my wife at JAX.  After 11 hours in the car this seemed to be a perfect way to relieve the stress and aches from the trip. Signed up for 90 minute (which thankfully in this case turned out to be only 75 minutes) and asked for deep tissue.  I get a massage every two weeks and have had likely 200 massages from 15 different therapists over the years, so I have some basis for comparison.   When checking in i filled out the background to include circling the areas on my body that needed attention.  After the car ride and a run from 2 days ago my hamstrings, glutes and lower back needed real help as well at my right shoulder. In any case I believe my therapist was Kristen.  We started out with a bed that was burning hot and went downhill from there.  One minute after starting I began to question if she had EVER been to massage school!  Se was literally poking me with her fingers, interspersing that with something that was supposed to resemble Swedish.   It was worthless.  She also seems to have a real fear of the body.  She never touched me from the belt line to a spot 4 inches above my knees!  My legs basically got a calf massage.  Hey I appreciate that some therapists are careful on glutes but even the most cautious have given me some help through the top sheet.   It was so bad I almost stopped the massage half way through but they have your credit card - no manager seems to be on site - not sure what I could have done. Finally it was not just her missing 1/3 of my body...the massage on my back was worthless.  At one point (by accident I'm sure) she got a knot out of my shoulder - and said she was sorry?  That's what is supposed to happen! A $0 gratuity - and I had a $20 bill already in my pocket ready for anything like a normal massage.  I won't be back and it makes me wonder what the licensing standards are in FL...
Would give more stars but I have been there about 7 times because it is so close to my house and my hour massage has always been 45 minutes. (Every time for me and my husband) I get there early and get taken on time and it has happened every time. I now go elsewhere so I can get my full minutes. However, it is a nice office with a relaxing atmosphere and great front desk staff. Massage therapists are normally good although I had 1 horrible one. Overall recommended
This is a great place to get a massage and very convenient, but much like Massage Envy it has some pretty bad customer service. The company charged my card without my being enrolled in any monthly program. Instead of crediting me or calling me with an explanation, they just let me know I could keep the charge and take the massage or they would reimburse me. I found it offensive that they didn't apologize for incorrectly charging my card without my permission and not caring to make up for it. It made me doubt if I'd care to stay a member here even though the therapists are good.
The front desk staff is very pleasant. The spa is extremely clean and inviting. My masseuse Michelle was highly professional and personable. She gave me a wonderful Swedish massage and hot stone treatment. The cost was competitive with other spas. Overall a very relaxing experience.
