Southwest Florida is not the place that you would go to see fine art or think about fine art or look for fine art. Southwest Florida is full of transplants from Michigan, Ohio, Missouri, Alabama, and other states that are art-limited. HOWEVER, Sarasota is a real art community and this Museum shows that off very well. In fact, Sarasota looks more like San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle than any other Florida city I have visited. It's modern, hip and beautiful. So if you are in Sarasota, please take the time to visit Ringling. You will really enjoy it, especially on Free Mondays. Plus, the exhibits don't stay the same, they change all of the time so you can keep up with it and view different things as they rotate. And obviously the clown museum is a key see as well as the back patio that looks out over the beautiful Sarasota Bay. Make the trip, educate yourself a little, especially if you are a local.
This place is phenomenal. Standout features: The grounds are gorgeous. The staff were incredibly attentive, kind and interactive when I was there. I learned a lot from them -- they actually took initiative and approached me to comment on what I was looking at. Normally that kinda stuff bothers me (lol) but they were very cool and actually had interesting information to share. I'm a student so I paid the insane bargain-basement price of just $5 (unbelievable) but it would be wholly worth the full $25 admission fee.  I'm not sure why people are complaining about the fee -- see SFMOMA for example at $18 for one museum. At Ringling you get access to a sprawling museum complex. I was pleasantly surprised and maybe even blown away by the Circus Museum. If you are an enthusiast of American history, or the entertainment industry, you'll definitely find this interesting. If you have even been to a circus anytime anywhere, you will most certainly find this interesting.  I mean, the miniature circus is insane. The mansion is just completely beyond. Super gorgeous. I only walked around the first floor for the "complimentary" self-guided tour.  Even those start at specific times so check at the front desk when you buy your ticket. The art collection is wholly intriguing, especially if you are at all interested in medieval and Renaissance art. Also, as of this writing, there is a gorgeous exhibition entitled "Deco Japan" that is worth paying $25 for itself. Not to mention the Asolo Theater, which I did not see, but is apparently a treasure in its own right. GO!!!!  I can't wait to come back!
I was told that if I'm ever in the area, that I "have to go to the Ringling Museum." I thought that it was going to be overrated, but I was wrong. Pictures will NEVER do this place justice. The Ca d'Zan feels like the home to American royalty. I had no idea that John Ringling was so incredibly influential and wealthy. I left wanting to know more about who he was. The sheer natural beauty of the landscape combined with the exquisite architecture is breathtaking. I still can't wrap my mind around the fact that this was a winter home! And the decorative arts collection both inside the home and in the museum is mind boggling. You will leave with a new appreciation for John and Mable Ringling. Sadly, I didn't have time to go into the Circus Museum. But, I don't feel let down because Ca d'Zan was totally worth it alone. The art museum is pretty awesome. All the galleries are decorated in a more classical style rather than the sleek modern galleries of contemporary art museum that we have all grown accustomed to. This site is luxurious to say the least. This place isn't cheap to visit. It's $25 dollars per person with an additional $5 for the guided tour (worth it! I'm not an audio tour person). The 'private places' tour is an additional $20 per person which allows for you to see more of the rooms in the 30 room Ca d'Zan. I didn't splurge for the $20 tour, but I would like to someday. My suggestion: allow more time than what you think you'll need. We only had about three hours, and we felt rushed! There is so much to see that you don't want to be racing through it all.
Unbelievable place!  If you are vacationing in Sarasota, this is a MUST GO.  Give yourself at least 1/2 a day at this place since the grounds are huge.  Convenient, complimentary trolley takes you around the grounds if you do not want to walk. This place will make you feel like you're in a magical place.  Beautiful place for pictures.
Now I'm not a fan of the circus nowadays (you couldn't pay me to go see it), but ever since I read "Water for Elephants," I've been strangely intrigued by the history behind the big top. I read it right before I relocated to SWFL-- and found it to be fate that the author mentioned she spent a lot of time doing research at the museum in Sarasota. I figured I'd get there eventually, but now that I been I realize it's worth the trip from Fort Myers. While I came to see the circus museum, it wasn't until I was there that I realized how gigantic this place is. While two buildings are dedicated to the circus history, there is SO much more than that. The other Yelp reviews are true in saying you can spend more than a day here. I planned to be there for only an hour or two and ended up staying four (and could've stayed longer if I didn't have to hit the road!). In the circus museum, there is a massive "miniature" circus that you can walk around and learn each and every part of what went on back in the event's heyday. There are also videos, old costumes and photos, and interactive activities that are perfect for kids. Even if you're not a fan of the circus, it's incredibly interesting to see the manpower and thought that went into each and every one of the shows. Definitely check out the Ca d'Zan. I almost made the mistake of leaving rather than walking down to the water, but it is an incredible sight. The home of John and Mable Ringling is right smack on the water (my Floridian state of mind kicked in to wonder how its survived multiple hurricane seasons) and is an elegant mansion that shows just how lavishly the couple lived. The patio outside provides an unbelievable view of the Sarasota Bay. I could go on about this place, but I think I've made it clear that I think its worth a visit. I know parts of the museum are free for the public on Mondays, but I'm not sure how much you can see if you choose that option. I had a student discount and only paid $5 but I believe adult passes are around $20 or $25. Definitely worth taking a look around, it's not everyday you find so much history in a relatively young Florida city!
I have a bit of a love hate relationship with the circus.  I don't have a fondness of watching animals perform so I won't attend them, but I find the history behind the circus intriguing.  My husband and I went to the John & Mable Ringling Museum of Art and little did I know what an adventure we would have.  What attracted me to The John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art was being able to tour their home; Ca' d'Zan.  I had no idea there would be so much more to see and do during our visit. The Circus Museums were the first stop on our visit.   You could spend a few hours looking at the engaging exhibitions.  One of the highlights for me was the miniature circus.  It's the largest replication of what circus life was like for all involved.  This was fun looking at all the detail put into this big top display. You'll find out more about the history of the circus on the second level of the museum where there are documents, photos, movies and more showing the evolution of the American circus.   A newer section in the museum shows what it was like to be a circus performer.  This hands on experience is a great way to see how these entertainers showcased their talent; you could see what it was like to walk a tight rope, fit into a clown car, and be shot from a canon. The Circus Museums were a lot of fun to explore.  I felt like a kid again.  You could see why the town's folk would get excited when the "Big Top" rolled into town.  The music, performers, oddities, and animals brought the town together for one night; and that one night left memories for life.   Once we had finished wandering the Circus Museums my husband and I grabbed a quick bite to eat in the Banyan Cafe.  We got fueled up and made our way through Mable Ringling's Rose Garden.  I love strolling through gardens and this award winning landscape is a delight.   What I was looking forward to the most on my visit was taking a tour of the Ca' d'Zan Mansion.  I love history and to see the beauty of the Gilded Age mansion I was in awe.  This splendid home sits along the waterfront of Sarasota Bay.  There are rocking chairs to sit back and take in the view from the back patio.  This is a beautiful place to wait for your tour to begin.   We got to take a tour of the 36,000 square foot home during the holiday season.  The decorations that adorned the home made it a bit magical.   There is a special tour of the second floor, but that is scheduled and has an added cost.  I was satisfied with what I got to see and learn about on the main floor.  When I go back to visit Ca' d'Zan Mansion again I will take in the extra tour. Once we were done touring the Ringling home we explored the grounds a bit on our way to the Museum of Art.  There are tram services that transport people to and from each venue, but if you are able to walk the grounds it is worth it. Our last venue at the John & Mable Ringling Museum of Art to discover was the Museum of Art.  Walking up to this amazing building was delightful.  We walked in from the back where the Courtyard features a number of sculptures and water fountains.  There are benches that allow you to sit back and take in the view. When we got to the Museum of Art it was later in the afternoon.   I liked the order that we went about exploring the different venues on the grounds; stopping by the Museum of Art was the perfect way to end our visit.  The halls were quiet and we could sit back and look at all the paintings, rooms & sculptures without much thought.  We just took it all in. I was so pleased with our visit to Sarasota.  We spent hours here looking at wonderful art, beautiful gardens, an exquisite home, circus memorabilia and more.  It was a visit I won't forget; worth every penny.  I look forward to going back and seeing all that we may have missed.
Great museum complex and wonderful gardens. It's hard to believe that this place was all privately owned and funded back in the day. Ca d'Zan is the private residence of John and Mable Ringling.  Built 1924-1926 then Mable died in '29, such a shame... But according to one of the docents "she's still here, and she loves all the people coming to visit"  Um, OK. I wish I had taken the time to buy the $5 tour of the upper levels.  For all the 51 rooms there are in the place, I'm sure it would have been awesome. The Miniature Circus Museum (world's largest) was fantastic!  I get lost in displays like that....so fascinating....with incredible detail. The Museum it self was great, I love renaissance art.  Since the art is their own personal collection, the selection is limited, but what they have is amazing. Plan on a good part of the day to enjoy all of the grounds, the miniature museum, the art museum, and Ca d'Zan.  Oh yeah, and pay the extra $5 to go through the private parts of the house.  $30 sounds like a lot to pay for a museum, but really it's not.
What a fantastic way to spend a day.  We were so excited to finally visit this incredible museum complex.  When we arrived, the staff were warm, friendly and helpful.  We initially came to visit the art museum, but ended up spending the day at the Circus museum exhibits, the mansion, and the gardens.  (We just have to plan a second trip to visit the rest!)   We started at the Miniature Circus Museum (I think our favorite part), and it was amazing!  We loved the model of the Howard Bros. Circus, it is apparently the largest miniature circus in the world.  The attention to detail is almost unbelievable!  The Tibbal's Learning Center was so much fun.  We were even more thrilled because it was able to maintain the attention of our toddler.  She did not want to leave! Cà d'Zan, the waterfront mansion, built between 1924 and 1926, for John and Mable Ringling is nothing short of spectacular.  We spent a great deal of time admiring all the luxurious details, from the stunning architecture to the china.  We did a self guided tour of the property, but next time, I will definitely take advantage of the tours of the entire house.  51 rooms, amazing! When you enter, I know it may seem like a lot to pay, but it is completely worth it!  This complex takes a good amount of time if you want to see it all.  It is a must visit!
It's really great place to spend a day, or in my case two days, since found it to be well worth the extra time in order to leisurely cover every inch of the place. The home, the collections of fine art work and the circus memorabilia, recreations and models are amazing. Just seeing the beautiful setting of the Ringling Mansion, Ca d'Zan, alone is with every bit of the time spent. The entire complex is exquisitely maintained and exudes a pleasant ease of ambiance about it.
While the pictures of this place look magnificent, I felt like it was a tourist trap.  Thank God that I went here on Monday: free admission!  Otherwise the general admission is $25 and student/military is $10.   Sure they have a nice garden and huge paintings inside.  However, all the paintings are all Christian themed, and I felt like I was looking at the same picture all over again.  They do not have a wide range of collections.  I got bored within 15 minutes.  They have a flower garden in the middle of the site, and it was pretty.   Even though it was a free admission day, we paid $10 each to go inside the Ca d'Zan Mansion.  What a waste of money.  I have seen much more gorgeous rooms than this place and it is certainly not worth $10.  By the way, if you don't participate in the tour of the mansion, which is another extra $$, you do not get to see the upstairs.  What a BS!  The ladies work inside the mansion are rude.  The tour guide basically kicked us out of the room because we were not a part of the tour and apparently we were in the way although we were just looking at one exhibition for literally 3 seconds.   Advice: Please go to the museum on Monday (again free admission!) and do not bother going inside the Ca d'Zan.  Just relax on the patio of the mansion looking at the ocean view.  That would be a nice way to spend your day spending no money.
I find myself hanging out here a lot. Ringling stated in his will that the Museum of Art was to be open free to the public one day a week.  That day is Monday. I always take my out of town guests to the art museum on Mon and spend a few hours.  You can also walk the grounds free of charge any day.  Then later in the week go back and see the house and the rest of the attractions. I would suggest hitching a ride with one of the free tours. The guides are very knowledgeable and you'll learn a lot more in that hour than just wondering around. There is more to the place than just a bunch of paintings. The guides do a good job of getting you thinking about the history and architecture, ect.
Pretty neat place. $10 w/ Student ID. HUGE, huge, hugeeeeeee place. Food there is wicked expensive and wicked crappy.
Outstanding! I love this place. The entire family had a great time here. I have been here a few times but prior to this visit it had been about 10 years or so. We will NOT wait that long again. This should be a bi-annual getaway for us at least.
Its hard not to rate this "as good as it gets".  There is truly something for everyone here.  There is the art museum, the mansion, and the part that I really liked - the circus museum and the circus history center (two different buildings!).  Beautiful grounds as well. Go in the morning because otherwise you may find yourself wanting more time.  We got there later than we'd wanted and felt like we'd shortchanged ourselves a bit. The entrance fee is $25 for adults. Finally, excellent bathrooms... two words any traveller can appreciate.
The Ringling museum is the closest thing to "real art" in the Tampabay area or within 500 miles probably. The museum is wonderful and there are plenty of things to do here,  not "just" look at art. However, for the art fans, this is real stuff. Famous artists, beautiful pieces, old paintings, the works. The clown museum is a blast too. It's amazing the work that was done to create it from one man. It's the kind of place you can go once every year or two and still enjoy it every time.
We had to go to the AAA Office to get the AAA Discount of $5 off.  The Senior discount was $18 for the ticket.  When we got there we found out hat the docent tour would be another $5 in addition to the $20 discounted entrance ticket, seems like the man who answered the phone coulda told me this when I called this morning.  It was no big deal, but frankly EVERY tour should come with a docent for $20.  If they need an extra $5 they should just charge $25!  Our docent was lousy at 2:15 PM. The lady at the door prior to our docent told us that our wheel chair would be last.  Hum?  This woulda been ok IF the docent woulda waited for everyone to enter the room.  When we got to the room after the dance room the docent had already lapsed into her spiel?  I had to raise my hand and say "Where are we?"  She continued in in this fashion.  She says she was a retired school teacher?  I can see she "Left many children behind!"  She also did not bother to modulate her voice.  We in the back could barely hear her?  This is my third visit to the mansion, and first since the upstairs is able to be toured.  I was really looking forward to seeing and learning about the upstairs,but by the time mom and I rode up in the wheelchair she had already told this little spiel.   I didn't go to the Museum because I don't care for all that baroque art and gigantic paintings.   The restored train car in the Circus Museum was really nice.  I liked the new addition of trams to the property.  The trams that dropped us off at the main building at the end of the tour dropped us off at the gift shoppe OF COURSE!  If this had been my only trip to Ca d' Zan and I hadn't seen the documentary of Ca d' Zan I would definitely never return based on this trip with this docent!  This was Luis first trip and he was very impressed with the populace of this place.
I am not a huge museum fan but I do love seeing new places that are engulfed in the culture in the area I am in.  The grounds and views from the property were nothing short of amazing!  I was not sure if the $25 fee would be worth it but I dedicated 4 hours of my Saturday to this museum and could have kept going.  I would definitely go back if friends and family come into the area or just to visit the grounds again.
Lots to see! I recommend checking with one of the guest services folks before beginning. We only had a few hours and the woman gave us a path to follow and some highlights to make sure we saw. We spent just a little while walking through the circus portions of the museum, they had some great interactive exhibits for all ages. The miniature model of the trains and circus is stellar as well. If you're able to walk around, definitely check out all of the sculptures and where the Ringlings are entombed. Ca d'zan is stellar, it's beautiful to see from the outside, but worth the short wait to walk through without the tour. You could spend quite a bit of time in the art museum, they have a great contemporary portion and then loads of traditional art work. The gift shop is worth a look as well and there was a coffee shop on the top floor and another restaurant on the main level with the ticketing area/gift shop. I think it was well worth the time and money spent and if you have a student id, it's only $5!
One of the best things I've been to in Florida. And this includes Disney (truth in advertising: I pretty much hate Disney). A beautiful 60 acre compound houses a large art museum (mostly Renaissance), a circus museum, and Ca d'Zan, which is the house designed and built by John and Mabel Ringling. The mansion is fantastic. You should take both the docent guided tour of Floors 1 and 2 and the "Private Parts" tour. Yes it will cost you an additional $25 to do both but it is a beautiful house and well worth exploring. The art museum has the Ulla R. and Arthur F. Searing wing which for me had a display of Renaissance Venetian art by Paolo Veronese and photography by Herb Ritts. Both were very good. (Though obviously temporary.) The grounds themselves are spectacular on Tampa Bay. We spent the whole day. Highly recommended if you're anywhere near Sarasota.
It's been awhile since I have been here so this review may not be as specific as others. I just wanted to mention what a great place this is to visit if you are ever in the Sarasota area. One of the last things we did before we moved out of state was to go and visit this museum. The art museum here is absolutely gorgeous and has a lot of renaissance paintings that I am a big fan of....I don't favor any particular artist, just the time period. Heck, I'm not even sure if I got the time period right, I just know that I like them,LOL. The wife is the art expert in the family anyways. The Ca'Dzan is beautiful and you can stand at one end of the landscaped courtyard and see the ocean at the other end. Seeing the Ringling Museum made me think about not only the Ringling Family but a lot of the other "old money" families that were around at the turn of the 20th century and the vast amount of wealth that they had amassed. We were in the art museum for a few hours and I still don't feel like we got to see everything and we didn't have time to go to the circus museum. Also, don't forget to see the Banyan trees that are on the grounds, they're amazing.
John & Mable's life was really something to learn about, and the museums were impressive and extensive.  The art museum takes quite a bit of time to peruse intentionally, so plan accordingly!   The beautiful courtyard and the rest of the museum grounds, including the gardens are worth a visit as well, so go on a nice day and take it all in - Ca d'Zan had great tours (and a relaxing view of the Gulf on the "patio") and the Circus Museum was maybe my favorite part (another extensive museum that can take hours to really go through).   A totally worthwhile experience in beautiful Sarasota.
great and elegant place .Takes you back into time. Take a look at the photos they will tell a thousandths words. A must see
The 'Private Places' tour of the Ca'D'Zan Mansion at the Ringling Museum is awesome! I'm still salivating over the marble sinks, bathtubs and the whimsical trompe l'oeil paintings in the bathrooms of John and Mable Ringling plus their guest rooms....only available to those who take the "Private Places" tour at the museum. Also loved seeing the top outdoor terrace facing the Gulf, the game room, the barber and grooming room, and all the magnificent views from the guest rooms. This tour is a total visual feast! (the whole museum rocks, but I especially loved this tour). Note: this tour involves three flights of marble steps -- don't go in the rain! They will leave out a bunch of rooms if it's raining (too dangerous). We almost missed the roof view because it was about to rain, but our guide reversed the tour so we wouldn't miss anything.
An interesting place. The Ringling museum is pretty good, but the real gem is Ca' d' Zon, or house of John, the house John and Mable built. The grounds are kept very well and the house is worth the price of admission. It takes you back in time, and I recommend having a docent lead tour, so that you can get the history behind many of the pieces and history of the house.
One of my favorite Florida treasures and it just so happens to be found on the water of Sarasota. If you are an art and history aficionado then plan for a whole day centered around one of the greatest collections of art and circus found in one location. Mr. Ringling almost went broke but before he did he names his estate to Florida which prevented this land and history to go to condos, smart man....sometimes. From private tours to secret gardens this Florida treasure will spark your interest in one way or another. The museum offers discounts for teachers, students and seniors. The price is on point and you can even pay extra for a guided tour of the mansion.
Much like the J Paul Getty Museum (yelp.com/biz/zRlDhJgcwXE…) in Los Angeles, the buildings and grounds here are as impressive as the stunning collections they contain. Founded in 1927, and now affiliated with Florida State University, this official state art museum consists of three main structures - with a total of twenty-one galleries - situated on sixty-six impeccably landscaped waterfront acres that include a renowned, award-winning rose garden. On display in the Museum of Art are oils, pen-and-ink sketches, photographs, sculptures, and decorative objects such as plates and urns dating from centuries back to the present era. Ca d'Zan - "House of John" - was inspired by two of Venice's grandest hotels, the Danieli and the Bauer-Grunwald, and served as winter home to the couple, who decorated it in a style nearly as ornate and lavish as that of Hearst Castle (yelp.com/biz/09CUMoaDXxV…) in San Simeon. The Circus Museum, with its Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey memorabilia, will charm children of all ages. A prerequisite gift shop stocks books, posters and prints, assorted tchotchkes, T-shirts and caps, and circus-related merchandise, and the Banyan Cafe offers reasonably priced soups, salads, light entrees, and desserts. Educational and cultural programs include lectures, childrens' workshops, classical concerts in the courtyard, and a social evening on the third Thursday of each month. Plan on spending the better part of the day here in order to absorb all the complex has to offer, and be sure to take advantage of at least one of the docent-guided tours..
Let me save you some of your valued time.  How John and Mable Ringling spent their money is far more interesting than the miniature circus display and glorified circus history told by way of plaques and short films.  Having said that, of the 15 possible places to visit on the estate you need only see 4:  The Museum of Art (get a docent to guide you through the over 20 galleries of Renaissance and Baroque paintings), which can feel overwhelming for those who aren't art history majors or envious collectors.  Mable Ringling's Rose garden should be seen in April early May during its fully bloomed glory before it's burned to death by August and September heat.  If you visit in August and September save yourself from potential sun stroke during garden exposure and allow the friendly, should be retirees to take you to and fro air-conditioned buildings.    The Ca d' Zan mansion which in Venetian translates to house of John.  You must see this.  You don't need to spend an extra $20 per ticket to see the behind the velvet ropes tour of this man's castle unless your curiosity is getting the better of you.  If the Asolo Theater has a performance, see it  - definitely.     If you get hungry or thirsty visit the Banyan Cafe and forgo dining at Treviso unless you must, but honestly, there are better places in the city to suppress hunger than at the museum.   If you have worldly children, they may appreciate the Ringling Estate.  If you have fidgeting children or children with ADHD it's best for your sanity and theirs to find another activity.  Honestly the bulk of visitors were older than I and the one group of school children and their teachers on field trip had difficulty not touching the goods even after the staff's repeated pleading.
I know what you're thinking...Sarasota, Floridia?...I know! That is what I thought too...how in the world could there possibly be a museum of this magnitude in Sarasota...let alone why would I be in Sarasota...that my friends is a story for another day. The whole experience is worth it especially if you love art. The Ringling's (think clowns and poodles doing tricks and you've got it!) John and Mabel amassed a huge collection of rare European paintings as well as Cypriot antiquities, Asian Art, American paintings, and of course a bit of contemporary art (to them!). So if you're a Peter Paul Rubens fan...what'r you waiting for book that ticket...they've got 9, that is nine PPR's - and they're not of the typical fleshy cherubic bouncing baby angels variety... They also have this miniature circus replica. I, who am rarely at a loss for words and can explain anything am almost having a moment without words...this thing is unreal! It is e v e r y t h i n g you could remotely think of as being connected to a circus...only tiny. I mean the artists didn't miss the tiny little spikes that are on an old telephone pole to allow the tech to climb up! Not that I'm in to spikes or anything but this is a real live and functioning circus from the moment they arrive by train to the tents the eat and live in...including tiny suitcases...the ticket taker even has money in his drawer...but it's closed. Gives new meaning to "detail oriented" doesn't it... But seriously ya'll this place is worth the visit...and there isn't much else to do in Sarasota so get your butt over there.
Doesn't get any better than this.  The John & Mable Ringling Museum of Art is a must if you're in Sarasota.   John Ringling was a man of exquisite taste and desired the best the world had to offer.    See this gorgeous mansion, the grounds, the circus museum, the artwork, too much to list.  A great way to spend a lazy day in Sarasota.   Verdict:  5 stars - easily.
A taste of Renaissance Italy amidst the mellow sleepy Old Florida city of Sarasota.  The artwork is extensive yet not too impressive, but the grounds of the courtyard and the Ca d'Zan are AMAZING!  If you remember the old house scene of Miss Haversham in Great Expectations with Ethan Hawke and Gwyneth Paltrow, you might recognize the Ca d'Zan ballroom and its outdoor terrace.
Unless you have a burning desire for miniatures or being treated poorly by rude museum staff don't bother with this over priced waste of time. The architecture of the exhibit buildings is in stark contrast to the mansion and looks as if they were designed by a leaderless committee. The exhibits themselves are dull and illogically laid out. The mansion is beautiful, however, you have to pay an extra (beyond the $25 admission to the museum) to see anything other than the ground floor which you are herded through like cattle. Absolute waste of time and money.
Definitely not what I expected.  I had no idea that this place existed.  My wife wanted to stop here and I did not really care to.  However, since we were there why not. We arrived to find there was actually a circus show going on until 28 July.  There were several acts, a juggler, clown, aerialist, a family act, and a contortionist.  The show was actually inexpensive and wildly entertaining.  We also got to take $5 off the museum admission for going.  We entered the museum and noticed many displays.  Among my daughter's favorites were the tightrope demo and a clown car.  Wandering around we checked out the big top museum with a huge complete mock up of the full sized circus!  Another place of interest is the Ringling Mansion, Ca'd Zan which is right on the bay overlooking Sarasota.  There is the option to pay for a guided tour of the entire mansion or you can do the free first floor self guided version.  Additionally is the museum of art which is loaded with oil paintings and sculptures galore.  In the center if the museum is a large garden with spectacular views.  Just opening on 13 July was a Japanese art exhibit on display for a limited time.   Overall, a must see if you are in the Sarasota area.  In addition to pristine beaches with white sand and turquoise waters there are other things to do in the area.
went there on a monday, mondays its free, but you dont see everything. still had a lot to see. beautiful gardens , went to the art gallery. will go back one day to see the rest.
I am a fan of the museum and the grounds but I personally don't care for the Old Masters on permanent display. The special exhibits are sometimes interesting but the rest is just rather boring after you've seen it so many times. That said, the grounds are lovely and the old mansion is always fun. The guards/volunteers are sometimes a bit too zealous, constantly asking, "Is this your first time here?" No, and you know it isn't, since we just had this same exchange about 30 minutes ago! Leave me alone! Anyway, they seem to keep it a well kept secret that Mondays are free. Kind of a big deal since they are charging $25 a ticket (not including tours). Front-of-the-house doesn't make that clear. I don't believe in or support circuses so it's been a long time since I've been over to the circus area. This is definitely a must-see piece of Florida history but I don't think you need to go more than a few times to really get it. Last comment: The person who reviewed the Starbucks on this page-- is that a joke? You go to an art and history museum and you review the Starbucks?? Get a life!
Pricey, but worth it. The miniature circus is just amazing and we were told that another 30,000 sq. ft. section will open in Sept. Words cannot adequately describe or do justice to the magnificence of Ca d'Zan, the museum, or surrounding grounds. A must see.
This place has come a long way in a short time.  Beyond Bling is the current exhibit and I am thrilled to see something so unique as such a classic staple.
I think this is one of the better tourist-y things to do in Sarasota. I like all 3 of the museums, but the Ca d' Zan mansion is my personal favorite. I was standing on the back patio of this very mansion (which looks out over the bay) when I saw my first manatee! Seriously though - if you haven't gone. Check it out and see what part of it is YOUR favorite.
I had just an ok time here. The stroll through the circus museum was at times distrubing when viewing how the animals were treated. And how people with disabilities were exploited. The miniture circus personifies an obsessive personality gone haywire. Certainly,  does depict a bygone era. Thank goodness. Also bypass the rose garden in the shape of a wagon wheel. Nothing really to see. However, the works of art are amazing and the art museum alone is worth the price and the trip, As is the Ringling mansion. So 2 stars for the circus and garden, 5 stars for the art, 4 for the mansion. That boils down to a 3 star experience.
IF you like the circus, this place is for you.
Not being the biggest fan of the circus, I've never had the desire to go to the Ringling Museum, since my first thought is that it would be dedicated to circus history.  I must say, if I would have known what I was missing, I would have gone a long time ago.  This museum not only shows you some of the history of the circus' and of the family themselves, but it also has a fantastic art collection that rivals those you'd see in much larger museums.  The grounds are set up into three different areas: the circus history, the family history, and the art collection.  My favorite part of the entire visit had to be the (not so miniature) miniature circus.  It really does a fantastic job of conveying what life was like in a circus.  Once you see it, your mind will have a hard time grasping that one man created the entire thing.  Ca' d'Zan was also a great stop.  From the exterior, the house appeared to be another stuffy, "old rich family" with very little life throughout.  The exact opposite is what you get. The interior is set up almost as if you were touring someones personal home that they were coming home to later in the day.  The dock is beautiful with ample space for everyone to sit, relax and enjoy the sunshine.    We didn't take the house tour since we were dog tired, but we plan on making a second trip to take the tour.  The art museum is HUGE.  There is no two ways around it.  There are some very interesting pieces in his collection, but it's very easy to see what his interests were.  A good majority of the collection is religion based.  While there is definitely nothing wrong with that, if you are looking for diversity in a collection, you're definitely not going to find it here.   We definitely had a great time and will most certainly be making a return trip to see what we missed.   So, why not 5 stars? The grounds are ENORMOUS and it's very difficult to see everything in one day.  Over-saturation becomes an issue after about 3-4 hours, so I would advise on making two trips out of it.  When we went, there was a water main issue on the grounds, forcing the main restaurant to be closed.  On the way to the museum (From I-75) there is almost NOTHING for food.  So, if you are banking on eating before you get there, make sure you do it before you get close to the museum.  The other problem with the main restaurant being closed was that we were limited to the cafe for food.  If I could rank the cafe, I would give it about a 1 out of 5.  The food was old and stale.  The hot dogs looked (and tasted) as if they were made yesterday.  The pretzel was rock hard.  Not to mention the smell of rotting garbage wafting throughout.  If we would have had a choice for food, we definitely would have NOT gone there.  Since it was either that or go hungry until the we left, we chose to eat and sit outside. This place was amazing and we loved our visit!   Oh, one last thing.  I would venture to guess that this is NOT a kid friendly museum.  The name is deceptive since the name Ringling will always be associated with the circus.  There is a GREAT deal of walking, reading, and standing quietly.  There is some fun stuff, but VERY little interaction.  You've been warned!
WOAH!  Holy Shit!  nuf said
This is the third time that I've been here. When I was here in the 70s I found the mansion awe inspiring, but when I returned in the late 80s the mansion seemed run down. A few years ago they completed a $15 million renovation and it shows. The house looks spectacular now. I paid the extra $20 to go on the Private Places tour which includes the servant quarters, guest bedrooms, game room and the Belvedere Tower. The Belvedere Tower and the Tower guest room alone were worth the extra $20.
A stunning gift to the great city of Sarasota, if you love European architecture than you must make time to tour the Ca d'Zan. This is as close to Venice as you can get in the United States. On Monday's the museum is free and the tour(s) of the mansion are worth every penny. Ask your guide about the private places tour.....it was awe inspiring.
John Ringling's mansion has a spectacular dock with dozens of chairs.  Just sitting there made me feel wealthy.  Most mansions are stuffy and frumpy.  I could live at the Ca d'Zan.  The admission price of $20 includes the mansion, the smallest circus in the world, the grounds and the Musuem of Art.  A tad expensive IMHO, but I am glad I forked the $ over and saw the mansion.
This is a very good museum.  I love the art and the Renaissance architecture.  The Circus museum was so cool and i never even really liked circuses!
I was so impressed with this museum.   I highly recommend it to all ages.  The circus museum is very interesting (especially the miniature circus) and has a lot of fun hands on activities that are especially fun for children.   The house is beautiful as well as the gardens.   I was amazed at the size of the art museum.  It is absolutely amazing.
Art, history, gardens, music, mansion, Circus Museums, performances in beautiful acres and acres bay front grounds...ah yes, sunsets, made for strolling or the great free trams that go from place to place, The Ringling has all this and more.
Cool place to check out if you're ever in the area.  No flash photography inside so I don't have any good picture of this place.  Huge museum.  My grandma had to wait outside since she couldn't walk around the whole place. I found her outside sitting on the terrace overlooking the water.
This place is stunning and filled in history. This is one of the prettiest places I have visited in Florida. It has a world class Art Museum, a historic summer mansion, and of course a wonderful circus museum. FUN! I loved the mini model of the circus train scene. It is pretty amazing. The grounds and statues on the property are amazing!
There is not much to say...other then this gem of a museum and homestead is fantastic! The Ringling home is amazing, the art collection is an undiscovered gem, the circus museum is interesting and the grounds are beautiful. I can't image visiting Sarasota and not visiting this place. it always gets my juices flowing. Plan on at least 4 hours, but better to make a day of it and grab lunch at one of the cafes on the property. Wow...I really love this place...
This is an amazing museum.  They have some of the most unbelievable historical pieces of old circus in the world.  The art museum is so good one could almost spend a day there going through the different galleries.  I would also recommend spending a little and take the upstairs tour of the mansion.  I would make this a must stop for anyone in the Sarasota area who is interested in the circus.
We only had time to go to the museum open to folks on Monday for free.  For an area the size of Sarasota it was a nice museum and a good way to spend an hour.
Beautiful art and wonderful architecture on an amazing property! Be sure to notice the lovely gardens! Always worth a visit!
We came here for a family day trip and it was amazing. The Ringling museum and the history is amazing. There is also an art section which was incredible. Rooms and rooms filled with paintings which were breath-taking. The mansion was incredible! They allow you to walk through it and its really nice. There is also a garden in the center which is really pretty to walk through. There are tons of roses and its just beautiful. Fun and amazing  place to visit.
So during my four day stay in this gorgeous town, I had to make one museum stop.  The art museum was the best of the place.  The other stuff in the complex were just ok.  I don't even really understand art much!
Beautiful museum right on the water. I loved the Ca'DZan ... Must see if you are in the area!
Very nice to spend a day at... educational, entertaining and artistic. A must do in Sarasota.
A beautiful place to spend a day! It's great the museum offers one day a week complimentary. I've been enjoying this place for over 40 years. The grounds are beautiful, the rose garden, and the John & Mable Ringling mansion is fantastic. The recent renovation, really did the mansion justice. Also the ever changing exhibits are always great to see. The evening events are wonderful too!
I have been to the Ringling Estate three times now.  I have never been disappointed.  They have a marvelous collection of art - most of which belonged to John and Mable Ringling as part of their private collection.  The grounds are absolutely gorgeous with banyon trees, sprawling lawns, a rose garden, and a breath taking view of the Gulf of Mexico.  If you are ever in Sarasota, and you are willing to pay the $19 entrance fee, you must visit the Ringling Museum.
What a beautiful place to visit... I never thought I was going to find a place we liked more than the Biltmore House... but the Ringling Manor is just amazing... and in top of that we were able to enjoy art and gardens...
Amazing museum with ever evolving and rotating international exhibitions.  Something for everyone ranging from the extensive Baroque collection through the Circus Museum to the elegance of Ca d' Zan (also beautiful grounds include Mable's Rose Garden of over 1,000 rose varietals and the Banyan Trees are always fascinating with several tree spaces large enough for group photos).  The only reason it is a four instead of five star was the fact too many of the docents kept making corrective and nagging comments toward my nephew and niece who by all standards are the perfect museum guests (they visit museums on a very frequent basis); however, the staff's attitude could discourage a number of adults from bringing younger guests.  The experience was distracting to say the least although in all fairness I have been a visitor dozens of times over the past years and had not had this issue.  We briefly spoke to a supervisor at the museum who stated there had been a number of comments to this point and it was being addressed so do not let this incident impact your decision to bring younger children (my nephew and niece are fourteen and twelve).  All in all the Ringling Museum is a truly glorious experience and a must do while visiting or living in the area.  As Always,  Tricia P.S.  Our lunch at Treviso was perfect...every item beautifully prepared and presented..truffle fries, spinach salad, the daily soup was a spicy lentil, chicken pesto panini and the roast beef au jus was fabulous!
This estate is absolutely beautiful, the museums are well laid out and most are a pleasant walk from each other, though it was recommended that we take a shuttle from main house to the art museum, which was really good advice. I loved the clusters of banyan trees, so cool! And the view of the ocean from the mansion? Breathtaking. The circus museums were interesting, the miniature circus exhibit was very impressive. The art collection was beautiful and though there was quite a bit to see, it wasn't to the point of being overwhelming and exhausting to actually take your time to see it all at once, unlike if you tried to do that at the MET! The Blue Madonna was one of the most beautiful paintings I've ever seen. We didn't go on free day, but it was well worth the price. If you're just going the one, the standard admission will satisfy you, I didn't feel it was necessary to pay more to see more of the mansion, as you get to see plenty of it as part of the standard admission.
Having lived in Sarasota my entire life, and having visited the Ringling Museum many times, I have to say that today was my most enjoyable visit.  The museum was not crowded on an early Sunday morning, and the Ca d' Zan Private Places tour was fascinating.  The entire museum complex can feel crowded and impersonal most of the time, but the house and art are worth it.  I recommend going early in the day.
Although I was never involved with the circus, I've grown up around the people that used to perform in the circus, such as the walinda's, who were good friends of my fathers. So This museum means allot to me personally because it's a part of my past and my father loved this placec so much. This museum is a day trip for sure, so plan a good long day to take your time looking around the grounds! I also find this place great for educational purposes. I was homeschooled most of my middle and high school years and I had to do allot of research here and I learned allot about the local Sarasota history from this amazing place as well as allot of art history.
Not what I expected (and that's not a bad thing!). I was originally anticipating circus mayhem, solely based on the name alone.  Couldn't of been more wrong! This place is not what you would expect.  Statues and fountains of mythological figures are throughout the grounds. You can easily mistake this outing for a trip somewhere in the beautiful country of Italy. The back patio outside the mansion has several places to sit and enjoy the beautiful homes and architecture overlooking the golf of Mexico. Pictures don't do this beauty justice. So much to see, the grounds are so big in fact, you may not experience in one day. My advice is to soak in all the beauty. Relax by the golf. Picnic among rose gardens and exotic trees. Admire authentic famous paintings from the followers of great artists. Mostly, it will satisfy your craving for natural beauty and regal art, all without having to leave the sunshine state.
The John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art is awesome!  It's run by Florida State University and is connected to the State Art Museum of Florida.  We did a little half day trip with my wife's side of the family a couple of weeks ago when we were on vacation in Longboat Key.  We were blown away by the size of the estate where the museum is located.  It's not just a museum, it's a compound.  They have 14 main features and the highlight is the Ca' d'Zan or "House of John."  It's their old mansion that is very ornate and unique.  We did the guided tour and we all had a great time and learned a lot.  Both circus museums were cool and the gardens are beautiful.  They have a couple of museum stores with some really neat stuff that you can buy as souvenirs.  Even the Cafe's are nice for hydrating and snacking.  All in all, this place is really cool and we recommend this for everyone that is anywhere near the area.  It's worth the drive!
I was not sure I was going to enjoy this day activity but we had a blast. The place is beautiful. Only regret, I wish I carried my student ID with me on my trip because I could have gotten in for $5 instead of $25. Still...worth it!
This museum complex has an outstanding circus museum,the splendid home of the Ringlings,and a fine art museum,especially strong in Baroque Period paintings.Artists well-represented include;Giovanni Dei Biondo,Piero Di Cosimo,Saint Severin Master,Titian,Frans Hals,Peter Paul Rubens,Jordaens,G.Ferretti,and Boudin.Personal favorites at this art museum are;Hendrik C.Van Vliet's"Church Interior,Leiden",Jordaens'"Naomi and Ruth",J.Stella's"King Candaeles Showing Gyges His Wife",Piero Di Cosimo's"Building Palace",Rubens'"Triumph of Divine Love",and Boudin's"Marine Scene".The admission is somewhat higher than other art museums in Florida.Nevertheless,it is worth it.I have spent many enjoyable hours improving my knowledge of art and history at the Ringling Art Museum.
it's soooooooooooo big. good art and amazing grounds. you can spend a good chunk of time here and you'll enjoy every sec on it.
This museum might be grand. The outside sure looks like it. It was very expensive to view, though, and we didn't feel like it was worth it on our limited honeymoon budget. Maybe we'll get to go back again. I wish we'd gone ahead and seen it.
Do not hesitate to come and view this spectacular campus! We visited  on a misty , somewhat rainy Florida day for 3 hours and only left because it was closing time! We could have spent another 2 hours there enjoying the grounds, reading a little more of the history, and visiting the art gallary. My father needed a wheelchair and found all the museums, bathrooms, and trams very accessible. Everyone assisting us was VERY helpful and the grounds are breath taking- even on a rainy day! Don't pass up this bit of Americana!
Outstanding!!!!!
If my prior reviews about Sarasota were not convincing enough as a reason to visit, then seeing photos of Ca D'Zan and The Ringling will be the push you need.  You may be thinking "wait, is there any relation to the circus?" and the answer is "yes."  The Ringling refers to The Ringling Estate, which contains the stunningly beautiful Ca D'Zan, Mable's rose garden, a breathtaking collection of art in their art museum, and a circus museum.  All of these comprise The Ringling complex.   Ca D'Zan (House of John in Venetian) is a Mediterranean Revival mansion with Gothic touches, which belonged to the American circus owner John Ringling (hence the name "John" in "House of John"), and his wife, Mable.  It was their winter home, and they chose Sarasota Bay as the site since they loved the water, and it reminded them of the Grand Canal in Venice.  Many different palazzos and hotels served as Mrs. Ringling's inspiration, and she oversaw every single detail, including the tiles, during construction.  The original cost to build the home was $1.6 million.  Adjusting for inflation, that converts to approximately $21 million in 2013 dollars.  Of course, such an opulent house would be incomplete, were it not for an equally impressive interior, and impressive it is, featuring ultimate and ornate decor and luxury. Mable died from complications of diabetes and Addison's disease, sadly, only 3 years after the completion of Ca D'Zan.   When John died in 1936, since he never had any heirs, he left the estate to the state of Florida.  Legal wrangling left the mansion closed and abandoned for 10 years.  By the late 90's, Ca d'Zan was in such a state of disrepair it was used as the location for Miss Havisham's decrepit mansion in the 1996 Hollywood remake of Charles Dickens' classic Great Expectations, hence the familiarity of it to those who have seen the movie.  The mansion has undergone a massive restoration, as of 2002 and is as beautiful as it ever was.   There are several tour options: the first floor guided tour for $5, or a self-guided tour.  For $20 extra, you will get access to the second floor (guided tour option only, no self-guided tours allowed), and for an extra $20, you will be given a guided tour of the 3rd and 4th floor, as well as the tower.  My friend and I only chose the tour of the first floor (guided) and second floor, as this was already about $50, total.  Otherwise, it would have been $70 per person! I wish they wouldn't charge extra per floor, it's outrageous.  This is my only gripe, as Vizcaya, another historical and lavish Venetian mansion here in Miami, does not do so.  I would have loved to have seen the 3rd, 4th and tower floors of Ca D'Zan and take some photos.  As to the tour, the guide was very soft-spoken and with a thick accent to top it off.  I was unable to hear her, which made it frustrating considering the fact we paid and got nothing out of it.  Here's a suggestion: arm all your guides with microphones so the audience can hear them despite the loud guests in the first floor. Also on the property is Mable's rose garden.  It was the first completed portion of the complex in 1913.  There are about 1,200 fragrant roses on the property and its pathways are lined with garden sculptures of courting couples.  While none of the original roses planted by Mable survived, many of the 1200 rose plants are of the same varieties she planted.  Just north of Ca' d'Zan is Mable's Secret Garden, where she, John and his sister Ida Ringling North are buried. Mable created this garden with plants given to her by friends and neighbors during her winters at Ca' d'Zan.  It is small but very cute, and located near the bay. A beautiful pink Renaissance-styled art museum is also on the grounds (NO PICTURES ALLOWED AT ALL).  Artists such as Velazquez, El Greco, Van Dyke, Veronese, Tiepolo, Gainsborough and Rubens are displayed, and there's a large statue of Michelangelo's David outside.  The museum was a gift to the city to promote education and a love of the arts.  Between 1925 and 1931, Ringling acquired more than 600 Old Master paintings from the Late Medieval thorough the 19th century. He also purchased 2800 objects of Greek, Roman, and Cypriot antiquities, as well as many sculptures and paintings from the Vanderbilt Home in Rhode Island. You can easily spend over an hour in here, looking at the art and reading the plaques, and walking through the loggias.  Most of the art is in the Renaissance and Baroque style, with religious themes, and sometimes will be on loan to other museums worldwide. The last thing is the Circus museum.  The Circus Museum, established in 1948, is the first museum of its kind to document the history of the circus. The museum has a collection of handbills, posters and art prints, wardrobe, performing props and circus equipment. It was interesting but not as impressive for me.  I recommend focusing on the home and art foremost, and if you still have time, seeing the circus museum.
What a wonderful museum! On Thursday nights they hold "Art After Dark" or something like that, where admission is $10 and you get to see most of the museum and grounds. It was very fun. The grounds are beautiful, especially on a cool evening.
The new additions are marvelous. Don't miss the second floor of the circus museum which is not well labeled as the "timeline" but actually is the best place to start. This was our second visit and we will definitely make a third to see even more of what is offered.
Circus circus circus! I live/love the circus! The museum blew me away with the details, the costumes, the history, the mini train/circus setup.We spent about four hours going through just the Circus part of this place. & I feel like I need to go back again just to read/see all the things I missed.
I just love the museum! It seems pricey, but it is huge. One can spend hours wandering around. Love the art galleries. Beautiful old paintings, several masterpieces. They also have some traveling exhibits,so it's always something new. Tons of sculptures which are are scattered around the property. Many stone ones were imported from Europe. Lovely huge park and rose garden are perfect for walking around. Huge mansion on the water is just beautiful! They also opened up another building which is dedicated to the Ringling Brother's circus. It is interactive, so one can try walking the tight rope and shoot a person out of cannon. Costumes and animal cages are on display. Enormous model of how "circus comes to town." Every so often the lights dim and one can see the "night view." This museum truly has something for everyone to enjoy.
Ringling's Museum and the Cà d'Zan Mansion- Very good museum, in fact one of Florida's great art collections of Baroque and Renaissance is housed at Ringling's. Great way to spend the day; before going to the Cà d'Zan Mansion, which is located on the same grounds of this estate. Have lunch at the Treviso, a restaurant inside Ringling compound; have a pleasing Greek salad, and appetizer of toast with a great drizzle, along with olives, sauteed garlic cloves, tomatoes, bruschetta...a light fare! The drawback...our terrible waiter who discounts older clientele and the coffee is lackluster an insipid. Other than that, there are plenty of opportunities to walk, view beautiful scenery, nature, Rose Garden, historic mansion, along with great art museum and very knowledgeable guides!
The Ringling museum is a hidden treasure! The history, art collection, gardens & exhibits are the essence of the Ringling Brothers Circus. A must see if you are in Sarasota!
This is a must visit when my family visits this area of Florida.  The extra tour of the mansion is well worth it.  To look out from the roof over the water is spectacular. The art museum is very large and a great place to cool down and learn.  The Circus miniature of the full set up of the day is fabulous.  We have returned twice and every time learn something new.  The restaurant is also a must stop at for food and wine.
Instead of this posh museum, spend the $ you obviously have on PROPER elephant care for animals in your boring circuses. The animals languish and waste their precious lives performing dumb tricks so you can get richer.  FOR SHAME.   It does not matter how opulent your museum is, the animals you use and exploit are dying slowly in pain from standing in one spot alternated with doing difficult tricks. The animals also have no natural behavior.   They want to graze and eat proper food, not prance around like slaves for rude rich person entertainment.   They are not toys and deserve RESPECT.  NOW, not later. When will you be happy, when every elephant is taken from nature to be tortured and left to die in your hot trailers?
This is a beautiful place. The mansion is reminiscent of the times where you can imagine the beauty and the grand-scale of American opulence. Majestic landscaping, where the rich greenery of the lawns reach this beautiful palace - which spills into the blue waters of Sarasota Bay. Gorgeous place. Highly Recommended
I really had a nice time here.  You learn a lot and it was fun! I had no idea about the logistics involved in a traveling circus until I came here; the exhibits and the short movies tell the story about a bygone era. I found it very interesting.   I loved the circus miniatures!   The old restored train was neat.  We also did the house tour then sat outside for awhile enjoying the view of the water.  The grounds were beautiful and the trams took you wherever you wanted to go.
A "must do" in Sarasota. Excellent all around. Beautiful grounds, stunning mansion on the waterfront, fun circus museum and an art museum with an exceptional collection of paintings and sculpture.  A true jewel!
Great museum. I love the architecture as much as the art. The statues throughout the grounds and the rose garden are some of the many gems to be found. I really like the tram service to ferry your friends and family to the museum when it's hot outside. There are great sunsets to be seen by the Ca' d'Zan and the building itself is impressive (get the tour!). I do miss the ambiance of the grounds every Renaissance Fair. It was second to none when held at the Ringling.
This is such a fun museum! My husband and I made this the focal point of our Sarasota weekend trip. We spent about 4 hours here, which was enough for us and our feet but not nearly enough to see the entire place. I had visited their website (ringling.org) before we made the drive up, and they have different ideas for day agendas (go to Visit, Plan Your Visit, Itineraries) along with how long each one will take. We noticed that the "highlights" tour is estimated at 4 hours... they aren't kidding! This place is gigantic. If walking is a concern, there are shuttles that can pick you up. Mondays are free, but since we visited on a Saturday, we used our student IDs to get in for $5. There are senior citizens, teachers, children, and other discounts available too. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, telling us good places to start and things we should definitely see. They recommended that we view the movie about John and Mable Ringling, which I was fully expecting to be majorly dull. I was surprised to get into the story a lot! The 20s were such an interesting time and I felt like I was watching a drama in which I knew the unfortunate ending that was coming. It was very well done and set up the rest of our tour nicely. We didn't do any of the official tours, but overheard parts, and they sounded interesting. Instead, we explored the Circus Museum (my favorite part), the gardens outside Ca'd'Zan (but not the inside), and the Museum of Art. I didn't know before perusing the website that there are all of these different places to see inside the Ringling. There's definitely something for everyone. I really think this would be a cool museum for kids AND both young and older adults. However, I did see some kids bored watching the Ringling film and walking around... I guess I've already crossed into that adult period where I think educational things are fun for everyone. The highlights of this museum are described in other reviews but I still recommend visiting the website to plan your trip... We know we'll be back, and probably start at Ca'd'Zan so that we can make sure to get that in before the day's over!
Yay for free museum Mondays! We stopped by Monday before Christmas and it was packed, but we managed to snag a parking space and strolled right in. There was no pressure to purchase entry into the other museums (only the art museum was free, the circus and house were not), and the grounds were amazing! I wasn't too into the art - they were mostly gigantic pieces with religious themes, but I think it's worth a trip just to stroll the beautiful grounds and check out the buildings and statues. Since we didn't pay for entry, we didn't feel pressured to see everything in one go.. we'll be back next time!
One of the best, and most beautiful museums I ever visited! The place is huge, and there is a lot to see, I loved the circus museum, and the gardens. And all the art! The building is amazing, and I've could have spend more than one day walking around this beautiful place. Would love to go there again!
*Review is for the Starbucks Cafe* Decor: 4/5 -Not many outlets but decent amount of seating for about 20 Service: 5/5 -Hannah was friendly and pleasant to work with -10% student discount with ID -No Starbucks card or promotions accepted here Tea: 5/5 -Unsweetened Raspberry Iced Tea was surprisingly fragrant and refreshing. I highly recommend trying this!
My husband and I were told on Mondays, you can view the museum of art free, and since we are seniors on fixed income, what a great deal. The grounds and everything were beautiful, I would have liked to have visited more, but our experience at the art museum left us with a bad taste in our mouths. I think the people volunteering to oversee the museum, may work for the County of Sarasota jail system, because we were not treated too kindly. Our experience began as soon as we arrived, we learned we had 5 minutes until the next tour began. Everyone is ushered outdoors onto a patio area until the tour begins. It was very warm out there on this day, and I decided to come back inside to the air conditioner. I walked into the foyer to take a couple of pictures, when one of the 'guards' came out looking for me. Can I help you, she asked. I replied that I was taking pictures, we ARE allowed to take pictures without the flash, right? She replied sternly, some camera's flash re-set after a picture has been taken! Not mine, I replied. Now it is time for the tour through the rooms, I am excited. As we are listening to the description of a painting, a guard comes into the room, disrupting the speaker, to ask my husband to step away from a painting. We must be 3 ft. away, how does one look at the brush strokes a yard away?! Then, he was asked to step away from a large table that was in the center of the room! What about the floor my husband asked, am I allowed to step on it?! Now, we are in our mid to late sixties, we are grown people and did not appreciate the way we were treated and left. Telling everyone we know about our experience at the John Ringling Museum of Art.
Amazing. A must see. The mansion is incredible. Make sure you catch the tour (you need to pay extra) to see the upstairs.
Free on Mondays.  $35 for a 3 day pass, which is a good deal. Gift shop isn't as imaginatively stocked  as it could be. But the collection is wonderful, and the grounds are beautiful. The art collection is heavy on Italian Baroque, but has some real gems of Northern European painters, as well.
This is one of my favorite place in the whole wide world.... It's BEAUTIFUL!!! And that's an understatement. They have a marvelous art collection, awesome exhibits that comes in often, magnificent buildings, beautiful gardens including a big rose garden, cool circus museum, and tall divine trees and plants. This is truly a treasure of Florida. However if you are prone to mosquito bites, do prepare yourself.  They are a all natural museum when no pesticide or anything is used therefore make you bring some bugs spray...
We stepped out into the gardens and it was a glorious day so we decided to enjoy the rare warmth of this winter and wander a while. We headed off path and shortly found ourselves under the Bo tree. A gardner appeared and asked us if we knew the significance of that tree. Of course we didn't and he proceeded to tell us about Budda sitting under a tree like this. He shared his passion for the grounds showing us early budding trees, recently opened flowers, multiple types of bamboo, even the insects currently causing problems. We learned of starfruit and tangerine trees that were loaded with ripe fruit. We saw a rare heavily thorned black palm. We smelled the roses in one of America's greatest rose gardens. We walked the millennium tree walk. We later reconnected with that gardner who was now excited because employees had been granted two tickets to the current show in the theater. I love to meet people with passion. What I'm trying to say is that The Ringling isn't just about the circus. There's so much more and people with passion maintaining this important cultural resource so generously left for us to enjoy. We also visited the mansion. It's a wow. It really is. Judge for yourself but let me say you know that you're wealthy when your boat dock is covered in marble and your silver set includes both asparagus tongs for each guest and individual shrimp cocktails servings. We ended the day at the art museum. What a treasure. Having recently visited the Hurst Castle in California, which is built almost at the same time the parallels were astonishing. That outdoor garden area is almost a duplicate including the statues. Finally a tip. It's $25 per person for the first day but only $10 a day for the next 2 days and if you have the time you could easily spend 3 days here.
Any metropolis would be proud to have as good a classic European art collection as the one at the Ringling Museum. The fact that little Sarasota has access to this incredible collection is amazing. (Frankly, I'm jealous. Nashville, the much larger city I call home, has nothing even remotely comparable. We do have great traveling exhibits come through the Frist Center for Visual Arts, but there's no permanent collection there.) If you like European art and you're living in or visiting Sarasota, I highly encourage you to stop by. Worth it to see the massive Reubens alone. And there was a nice Veronese special exhibit while were in town.   The house is interesting and the grounds are pretty, but I think the museum is the main attraction here. Pet peeve - The stiff entrance bracelets they make you wear can be very painful. I know it's necessary to have some form of crowd control, but can't they switch to stickers or the kind of bendable and reusable pins that are typically found at places like the Metropolitan Museum in NYC?
Such a perfect way to take in the beauty of Floridas plant life as well as some of it's history. Huge grounds to walk around on and can't forget the amazing art that they have collected and put on display! The best part is on Monday it is free for Sarasota residents! I like to go just to sit on the waterfront or walk in the gardens if I need to get away or have a lunch break with food to go. Such a great asset to Sarasota I pity anyone that misses out on this gem! Would be 5 stars but the old people that work the halls cant smile or be polite. Avoid interaction with the staff!
When the weather takes a turn at the beach, the Ringling Museum is a great place to pass some time.  But don't just go when the weather's poor -- because this museum deserves to be seen in the sunshine and blue skies, too.  The grounds, gardens, courtyard, Ca d'Zan, and the views dazzle in the best of light. For one man's private collection, the art contained in the Ringling Museum is particularly impressive.  It's not the Louvre or the Met or even the National Gallery, but the art spans centuries, movements, and styles.  Everything from a Michaelangelo "David" in the museum courtyard to Ansel Adams gelatin prints to ancient Greek amphoras.  I suggest looking over the map and guide and deciding what you'd like to hit -- the collection is so vast you'll flag quickly.  But be sure to visit the circus memorabilia, including old advertisements and photographs, rail cars, and newspaper clippings.  For obvious reasons, John Ringling had a special interest in all things circus, and this collection is fascinating. While the art museum is worth a good amount of time, the Ca d'Zan and botanical gardens are not to be missed, either.  The Ca d'Zan was John and Mable Ringling's stunning castle-like home, fronting the Bay directly, and looking every bit like a luxury circus tent or merry-go-round.  And if the circus was John's passion, gardening was Mable's.  The rose garden on the grounds is one of the most spectacular I've seen outside of Tyler, Texas. The John and Mable Ringling Museum and its grounds are a Sarasota institution.  If you're in the area, they're a must visit.
Wow! The more things change, the more they stay the same. Things that have stayed the same at Ringling: *  Gorgeous art collection- huge Rubens, many baroque portraits and even a few Rembrants, pretty darn good for a private collection amassed by John Ringling while he was oh, running a circus, basically the biggest entertainment show of its time...nothing big.... *  Perfectly manicured lawns with huge Banyon Trees gifted to the Ringlings by Thomas Edison dotting the landscape and a huge rose garden in front of the house.   *  A great second museum dedicated to Mr. Ringling's amazing traveling show filled with memorabilia from those great ol' days where you would pay a dime to see the world's only bearded lady "right behind this curtain!" *  Some of the nicest docents in any museum. * Mable Ringling's sick mansion, bringing a little bit of Italy to the shores of Sarasota Bay. What has changed: * The lawns are A LOT more manicured and now there are sidewalks everywhere.  They have cut out a lot of trees and opened the space up a lot more.   * The Banyon Cafe - what used to be sit-down service that included tea in the middle of a Banyon tree grove is now a grab-and-go place. They have added another restaurant in the front but it lacks the personality the cafe once had. * The price -- it used to be donation but now has gone up to 20 dollars for the general public. Seems a little on the pricey side to me. * The exhibits : they now have the clout (and maybe this is what you are now paying for) to bring in exhibits like what I saw yesterday - a huge collection of kimonos from the 20s and 30s and the Egyptian exhibit from the Brooklyn Museum. Despite the loss of the cafe and the up in the price I still say it represents Sarasota's culture to the fullest -both past, present and now more of the future.
Been to the museum twice, once to see the museum, once for the food and wine festival.  Both times, very happy with experience. Museum: There are several different areas to see, so if you plan to see everything, plan several hours. The circus museum is very cool and that alone could be an entire trip.  I especially liked the giant train set, but that's just me.   Take the time to walk the grounds and gardens.  Especially the huge banyan trees around Ringling's home. There was a lot of artists hanging around painting, drawing which I thought was very cool, and attests to how nice the grounds are, in my mind.   The art museum we did last, and at that time we were all a little tired/hungry so I did see all parts, but kinda rushed through there.  This is the area I would like to return to as they get in a new installation of art.   One note, we had wanted to go through the ringling home on the water but you needed to make an appointment ahead of time to go on a tour.  It was not open to just walk through. If that is something you want to do, I would say go there first, sign up for a tour ( Every 20 or 30 minutes I believe..) and then go check out another area. overall great place, pretty amazing collection of art, much more than I expected and the estate is pretty ridiculous.  Definitely worth checking out, if you are here on vacation, or a local who's never ventured over there.
The Baroque collection in all of it's moody, full-bodied glory was more than impressive. Even the grounds are quite resplendent and charming. Especially the house... Love, love, loved the Ca d'Zan tour and I could imagine myself living in that overtly opulent mansion. OK, so we didn't go to the circus part of the museum, but I can't say I'm sorry we didn't. The whole experience was just unreal. Amazing.
I really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere is amazing... it's rare to find a museum, mansion, and botanical gardens all in one place located next to the beautiful gulf coast. I recommend going through the museum of art first because that's going to take up most of your time; there's quite a lot to see. I didn't even get to finish because they were closing on me. While I was there, they had a jade exhibit and I really enjoyed it because I love jade. I recommend bringing your coffee drink from starbucks (if you plan to get one, it's located upstairs in the gift shop) out onto the mansion's terrace to zip while you're taking in the view. Last, but not least, the best thing for me was: I got in for FREE! (Florida college students get in for free plus they get 10% off all purchases including starbucks..I didn't know it until I came there)
I can't say much more than what has been said in other reviews.  This place is such a wonderful afternoon escapade.  I drove down from Orlando with my sister and we did the full tours of the Ca d'Zan mansion, Circus Museum and Art Museum.   While we were in the art museum we came across a painting of two women and I nudged my sis and said 'they have to be sisters'.  In fact, they were the painting is called 'The Sisters' by George Watson.  I found a reprint in the gift shop and it's now framed in my house.  Everytime I see it, I remember our trip.  It was a great time!   Highly recommended!
