I love the "Purple Cow".   It is a nice place to go and check out  a small concert, play, musical.. etc.  The acoustics are pretty decent and the staff are plentiful.  My only qualm with the joint is that the rows have no breaks!  It is 25-30 seats to the center.  This is no fun when you are in the middle... trust me. Go to Van Wezel, it is a nice place with some really cool shows at times. The staff is friendly and its a nice night out with the Mrs. ;))
We visited 4/7/14 to see "American Idiot" - the theater itself is a bit dated, but the seats are comfortable, ushers friendly and the show..wow! It was great.
Saw Monty Python's Spamalot at the Van Wezel last weekend.  The show was hilarious!!! Here are my cheers and jeers of the Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall: CHEERS: 1. Free Parking 2. Clean bathrooms with plenty of stalls. 3. The event calendar has a nice selection of plays and concerts. JEERS: 1. The long rows of seats are horrible.  Who on earth decided that it would be fun to make rows of 50 seats with no breaks in the rows?  Enjoy people stepping over your toes to get in and out of their seats.  This is surely breaking a fire code! 2. Seats are small and cramped. 3. The stadium seating isn't spaced far enough apart so you may have an obstructed view if you are 5'2 like I am.  I spent a good bit of the night trying to see around the person's head in front of me.
Great theater.  Lots and lots of ushers to help guide you to your seat.  Only con is the long rows, as another reviewer mentioned.
My wife and I are season ticket holders for the Straz Center for the Performing Arts here in Tampa.  Les Misérables played here last year and we noticed this year, it was scheduled for this week at the Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall in Sarasota, Florida.  We were able to get row 5 seats on the very end of the row back in December.  Couldn't wait to go.  My wife and I are quickly turning into Les Mis groupies, having seen it four times now.  We decided to do the day in Sarasota by going down early for lunch at the Old Salty Dog.   After attending yesterday, I read the yelp reviews today and must agree with most of the pros and cons.   Mine are: Pros:   Ample parking.  Not hard to get to, even with Spring Break in full force. Great location next to the water with a nice walkway along the shore. The theatre was clean, the staff helpful in answering questions. I thought the inside theatre staff were good.  After the show started, they allowed people to still enter for a few minutes but it really wasn't a problem since most people had made it to their seats before it started. Theatre lighting was fine.  I didn't feel like we were in the dark nor was there too much lighting.   Cons If you are getting up-front seats for a show, (a concert might be different), DO NOT get tickets for the end of rows.  There are these floor to ceiling "bookcases" on each side that block about 1/4 of the stage.  They were loaded with what I thought were lighting for the show, but were not once used.  During parts of the show, I found myself peeking through the bookcase on our end. We saw a lot of the action going on backstage.  There was even a monitor set up backstage to view the orchestra conductor that was visible to us on the right side.   Some of the voices didn't carry well which I divide between the cast and the theatre.  I kept wondering if the back of the theatre even heard the show well Other reviewers have stated that the parking had an $8 price tag. If it did, we were subsidizing all the people who parked there for free and just walked along the shore.  Hmmm. All in all, it made me appreciate the Straz Center much more here in Tampa, even though I realize that the Straz Center charges more for comparable tickets.  You get what you pay for.
I've grown up going to the Van Wezel and it has a special place in my heart. The facility is beautiful and well kept up. Even the backstage area, dressing rooms and offices are well kept. I have never had a negative experience with service. There is more than enough parking, even for sold out performances, although it makes it easier to find a spot if you get there at least 30 minutes prior to the performance or use the the valet parking guys. Although with valet, it takes much longer to leave than if you just park yourself. I love the location, it is so nice to just hang out outside for a few minutes and watch the sunset and be by the water. The website is very easy to use in my opinion and I always buy my tickets online and have them shipped to my home (unless the show is within the following 4 or 5 days,then I'll leave it at will call). I don't like picking them up at will call because the volunteers are always really slow at trying to find them and there is always a mob of people trying to get their tickets. The layout of the theatre CAN be confusing for those that haven't been there before but there are always ushers and other people that are willing to help you find where you need to go and the accessibility is great for those that have physical limitations. The theatre has elevators and accessible restrooms coming out the wazoo. Also, just as a little tip, there is a restroom in the Grand Foyer and not allot of people realize it's there. So there is always a short line before the show, during intermission and after the show. It's kind of hidden but once you find it, you'll never forget where it is.
Fantastic venue!  Watched Clay Aiken on his Tried & True Tour.  Really good seats 2nd row centre and had a great time! This is the only theatre I know that is right by the ocean!  So wonderful to take in the ocean breeze and salty air.   You can't miss this venue - it's PURPLE in colour!
The Van Wezel is a tremendous weight keeping Sarasota earthbound.  The acoustics for unplugged performances are terrible.  At a recent concert for the West Coast Symphony, from a good location near center of the 14th row, I could barely hear the bases and violas intently bowing away.  I can't imagine any orchestra worth its salt finding any joy playing the 'purple monster'.   It's a barn lacking an ounce of intimacy.  And let's be honest, its ugly, plopped down with it's back to one of the most beautiful panoramic views on the coast.  We have a desperate need for a decent, acousticlally sound concert and performance hall.   Keep the Van Wezel for Rock Concerts  and for the Steve and Edies of the touring stage.  Take the money that was supposed to go to the baseball stadium and use it for a venue that has the potential to earn far more income and bring in a demographic with a hell of a lot more money to spend than the baseball stadium.   Use your head Sarasota.  You have a reputation as a cultural mecca.  Now you need a temple where the faithful can come together and celebrate.
One star! Because nothing more is expected. This is a great location to check out a show or go to a graduation, but that is few and far between. It is being run into the dirt.  The shows that are usually held here are mostly cover bands and groups that had a hit decades ago. Anita Baker, John Legend, and John Lithgow have all canceled in the past month. That says a lot about the respect that this venue gets from performers.  Granted Yo Gabba Gabba and the Elvis show will still be headed into town that does nothing for Sarasota Tourism. Hopefully this will scare some sense into the people at the purple cow to try and rethink their strategy. Would it hurt to bring more younger shows into town so we dont have to drive to St. Pete, Tampa and Orlando? Heres to hoping they do something before we loose this landmark all together!
We enjoyed this past season of the Sarasota Orchestra Pops Series and have renewed for up coming season. Easy parking, quick drive and fantastic seating. Venue offers dinner before served by Mattison's if you prefer to eat on site. They also offer wine before and during intermission. Sufficient amount of women's restrooms. Helpful staff to point you to your seats and if you come with handicapped person, there seems to be some excellent seating for those folks in wheelchairs if you have the need.
They are owned by the state so of course the Theater is nice except for the sound issue. I do not like the long rows of seats where you have to climb over people to get in and out. I certainly do not like being charged a built in $8 parking fee when I live across the street and can walk. Isn't that stealing? I am not impressed. It is also a wee bit ridiculous looking and out dated. What I do like is the location.
This review isn't against the cast & crew of Les Mis at all. But the theater etiquette by the ushers was terrible. Throughout the entire first and second acts the doors were swinging open and shut from both sides of the theater letting in the sunset and bright beams of light. In addition ushers were wildly shining their flashlights throughout the theater when assisting patrons to their seats. After experiencing Broadway & the West End of London people that are late are not allowed into their seats until a proper break in the performance as to not interrupt the show for others. These distractions happened in some of the most emotional pieces and certainly detracted from the experience. A real shame since they charge near Broadway prices. Audience: I'm not meaning to sound like a snob or anything like that: but come on... I saw people in wranglers and camouflage ball caps in the audience. On top of that the doors were flying open before and during the curtain call. The Sarasota audience has poor theater appreciation as well. Seating: -Huge aisles... Best of luck during intermission and prior letting everyone in and out. -If you are seated anywhere at an angle to the stage you will miss action. You cannot see stage right or left if you are even one seat right of the bend in the seats. -Cramped rows, but really nothing better or worse than most any other theater I've been to. Pros: -Parking was a breeze (but noticed the included charge which is BS since there was also a truck parked taking up 6 spaces with the boat trailer attached form the near by dock. So that's free parking for him and I get to pay for the additional fee on my theater ticket. -Easy to get to. Cons: -Many listed above -Seating outside of center has obstructed views stage left or right -Huge seating aisles -Better built for anything besides broadway theater. -Back of the audience is too far to witness emotion (Not the same as broadway or the West End.) in terms of distance from the stage -Disrespectful Ushers -Disrespectful audience (Just isn't a crowd that appreciates what's in front of them: Continued chatter, up and down like a movie theater, bolting for the exit before the curtain call, the list goes on) yes I know that sounds stuffy, but when you pay $150+ for two tickets you have a certain level of expectations. Summary: The Van Wezel staff is poor at best. The facilities aren't bad for a small city like Sarasota. The talent that comes in isn't bad for something like Les Mis. I wouldn't spend my money here again. I would rather drive up to Tampa to catch a show there.
I just went to the show New Shanghai Circus. The performers were great! The background of the stage should have looked better.  A little repetitive on the acts.
Nice location. Small venue. Free parking!
In some ways I am thankful to have a high profile  theater near me.  Despite this, I can't help but be bewildered by how ridiculously old school the theaters operation is run.   First of all, the prices are much higher than comparable acts at other larger venues.  Perfect for the "Rich, Retired"  Demographics of Sarasota.  However, it doesn't seem like its as much of a draw for younger folks in the area. Other examples of flawed systems : On the seasons opening day there are lines out side the box office to get tickets because the commisions and service charges on the website are so high as are the headaches with using the website.  There is a mandatory parking charge on each ticket and the kicker...  If a performer cancels (ie John Legend) instead of just refunding the credit card that was used to make the purchase, you will go through an ordeal over the phone to get your money back.  I like the modifications made to the the theater but the acoustics and management still leave much to be desired.   Driving an hour and a half to the Straz in Tampa is often worth the while compared to this.  Make some changes folks !
