What a fun, educational museum that's -- best of all -- free. We spent the entire morning on only part of the first floor! I wish we had more time. The 9/11 exhibit "Rescue, Recovery and Response" is a can't-miss, but we just missed the 9/11 gallery that recently came to this museum from New York City. Parking is free after 2 p.m. and on weekends in the adjacent lots. Closed Mondays.
Compelling. The 911 exhibit left me in tears... I also loved the longhouse from the Iroquois and the nature exhibit. It is a must do for everyone. Free parking in the cathedral lot next to the museum after 3pm. You will need at least 2 hours for the 1st floor.
Every time I go to this museum, I see and learn something new.  Great benefit to those that are able to visit and check it out.  I remember going to this museum, the egg, the plaza as a child.  Still an awesome experience.
3 must do things that are free in Albany and if you only have 1 day:  NY state Museum, Corning Tower, and tour of State Capitol. The museum is closed Monday. The museum has plenty of NY specific exhibits: immigrant history, 9/11 memorial, logging and state park history, etc. as well as art, bird, minerals and rock exhibits. You can easily spend 3-4 hours here with or without the kids.
Nice place for little kids and adults to spend a quiet weekend afternoon. Not much artwork (or valuable works of any kind for the matter). The paintings are done by locals and students. However I absolutely LOVE their mineral collection! Have been there 4 times just to view it more thoroughly. The interactive history exhibits are also enjoyable.
Fantastic collection of New York State history, including exhibits of Native American tribes, wildlife, a New York City subway, antique vehicles & firetrucks, artwork, and an extremely poignant 9/11 exhibit.
SO COOL! We were here all afternoon and I honestly could have stayed longer. This museum is huge and it made me feel like a kid again. Plus, its totally free. How can you not love it?!
It's free and there is a MASTODON. Not to be confused with a wooly mammoth, they are NOT the same thing. Which you would know, if you'd visited the New York State Museum. I love museums though, and this one didn't disappoint (to be truthful, I don't know that I've seen a disappointing museum, so please take my review with a grain of salt. I'm obviously biased). The New York City section was fun, I got to see Oscar the Grouch. And his trash can. And as a non-native New Yorker (Citier) of +/- six years (I hear it's not official until ten, at the minimum) the old school subway car and scaled model of Grand Central Station (I'm an interior designer too, so, cool) was really awesome. Throw in the aforementioned Mastodon skeleton and a few additional large skeletons, and you have yourself a lovely day at the museum. For free. Speaking of the Mastodon, it was discovered near Albany, in the city of Cohoes. I hear there is a lovely waterfall in Cohoes, although I've yet to see it. Next time. There's also a nice little sculpture garden quad-like area in front of the NYS Museum, and a few historic buildings scattered about. Like the state capital building and what have you. There's also an observation deck and an Egg for performing arts (named thusly because it's shaped like, well, an egg). If you happen to find yourself in Albany, in the grand capital of this lovely New York State, I'd certainly recommend the museum of the state's history. You know, to pass the time (oh, burn!). No, but really, it's a cool city and a cool museum. And the museum is free.
Albany, NY is the State Capitol of New York, and as a result they are home to the New York State Museum. The museum is located in the downtown area and as many previous reviewers have mentioned - FREE admission. The NY State Museum celebrates the rich and varied history of the Empire State from the early Mastodons and other fossilized wildlife to the history and culture of the various Indian tribes who lived in the area. There are diverse exhibits of animal life, plants, and minerals to be found around the State. You'll see displays on the construction of Grand Central Station, the Holocaust memorial, and even part of the set and props from Sesame Street. Be sure you head up to the 8th floor to ride the original wooden carousel from one of New York City's famed amusement parks. For me the most interesting (and somber) part of the museum was the September 11th exhibit. You walk past crushed fire engines, mangled police cars, pieces of the exterior steel frame of the World Trade Center, and at every artifact you stop to read the information plaque and then just take a deep breath and sigh. This is a VERY powerful and emotional exhibit. I saw many people weeping as they watched the video clips and just stared at the artifacts. There are so many human interest stories, and real tug-at-your-heart stings moments as you walk quietly through this part of the Museum. This 9/11 exhibit will impact people in very different ways, and you just need to go and experience it for yourself. The NY State Museum is a great treat, and highly recommended for a weekend visit.
I will mostly likely be updating this review in the near future because we were unable to tour the whole museum. We got stuck in the World Trade Center section, and was amazed by how many things they had. Since we only had 4 quarters for the meter, we only spent an hour here, and most of that time was spent in that section, and then looking in the gift shop. The gift shop was your standard memorabilia, with not only NY shirts, but NYPD and FDNY things. Did I mention it was free?
I had a great time at the New York State Museum last weekend. They had a gorgeous exhibit of bronze statues, lots of creepy taxidermied animals that are indiginous to North America, and some cool exhibits on native Americans. I skipped the exhibit on rocks and minerals, because it reminded me of how sick and pathetic it is to be 26-years-old and not married or engaged (nothing like a 10lb chunk of pyrite to crush your spirits), but I adored the exhibit of artwork by Joan Steiner, in which she creates dioramas out of lots of little everyday items (rice cakes, clothes pins, match sticks... you name it). It was truly awesome. This museum is a great FREE place to visit. Bring the kids. Bring the neighbours. Bring the neighbours kids. PS: I was only kidding about the pyrite and wanting to be engaged. It was actually the amethyst geodes that truly got me down. ;-)
I love this museum a lot. It's got a lot of interesting exhibits and such.  From the artifacts of 9/11/2011 to Sesame Street set to a scale model of Grand Central to an accurate representation of an Irroquis longhouse to a scale model of an Iruquis village, to birds of New York State to lots of other major things that made new York state history, this place has it all!  I particularly like the plaque stating some of the questions that may be asked by the immigration officials, when people came over to Ellis Island, many years ago. Parking may be weird, and the way the garage is located and freebie times of IE and such, but once you know how to get to all the other separate lots nearby, you should have it mastered. On the weekend, parking is free in the garage underneath the building, just be able to provide ID at the security guard-gate.  Otherwise, for weekday trips, you'll be asked to leave this lot.  To get to the parking are(which is not free on weekdays), follow through the empire underground circle parking lot to the second(other side) loading dock.  Inside, you'll find a ramp.  Take that ramp upward to a traffic light.  At the traffic light, turn right, go a few blocks past the underhang.  Eventually, you'll turn left into the parking lot within walking distance on museum.  It's cheap for a one-day parking in that lot, and on weekends it's totally free. Oh, by the way, on an upper floor, there is a carousel that is owned by the museum.  I don't remember if it is free or not.  But it's got some history behind this carousel, as being an original at Coney Island.
How this place could inspire anything less than 5 stars is beyond me. Let's go through the pros: 1) It's free. 2) It's free!! 3) It's massive...the number of fixed exhibits and the quality of the rotating exhibits is, honestly, overwhelming (in a good way) 4) The staff is friendly, kind, and very helpful to tourists 5) It has an actual working carousel upstairs. It's quite old but they still do carousel rides (for free!) every day that the museum is open. It's a great stop for adults and kids alike. Because of how it's divided, you can just come in and look at a thing or two or you can spend literally hours upon hours here. No matter what, anybody that lives in or visits the Albany area should stop by this museum.
A gem of a museum in upstate NY, the best part is that it's free! I'm from Brooklyn and I'm used to a day at the museum for my family of 4 costing just under $100. No, I'm not kidding. Sadly. My favorite thing at the museum? Hands down it's the small Sesame Street exhibit. Those are the real stairs from Sesame Street! I can not tell you how much will power it takes for me not to leap over the small fence for a picture of me sitting on the steps of Sesame Street. But since I am a very, very good girl (and I really don't want to get arrested in front of my kids) I make do with sitting on the bench and getting teary at old Sesame Street clips. Sigh. Such a big part of my childhood. Other worthy parts of the museum? The 9/11 exhibit and the Holocaust exhibit. They should both be seen but bring tissues because they are both horribly emotional. Other than that, the museum hosts a fairly frequently changing series of exhibits which is nice. The carousel is a can't miss thing to do and again- free! A nice way to spend a couple of hours.
Our 5 yr old son thought this place was great.  Even after 2 hours he wanted to stay.  There is a mastodon that is a must see for little kids ... and big kids.  They have a nice children's play area and quite a range of NYS themed exhibits.  Parking is free on the weekends and I think after 2pm Tuesday - Friday.  Check the website though.  The museum is also free but you can donate if you wish.
Looking for free entertainment when its raining in Albany? Check out the NY State Museum on Madison Avenue! Its free, its fun, and educational. There is an amazing rock and mineral collection for rock junkies, cool artifacts and a Mastodon skeleton found just over in Cohoes, NY. Native American village replicas are among my favorite, along with the fossils exhibit. Ride the Carousel on the 8th floor, and check out the library to. While you are there, if your hungry grab a sub at Subway located on the same floor as the Carousel. Check out local art shows as well, during the fall, they play free horror films gearing up for Halloween, and kids can wear there costumes too.
This is an amazing museum it's only one floor but the area is wide so wide that you get easily lost... There's no need to pay to get in which is a plus... The museum takes about would trade center and have few items from nine eleven... Even a car ...then talks the history in New York City while finish walking through the nine eleven part of the museum ...after that there's items ( meaning stuffs like bike computer ) of how it looked like back in the day and now ...I actually like how the Museum did  comparing items and explaining  it ...actually showed how certain item back n the day upgraded in today's society... The places is nice and clean good for family fun days...didn't really go into the gift shop but there is one shocker lol. I thoughts it would give a quick bio on Albany but the museum didn't really do that which is weird but I still really enjoyed it!!
This is a really good way to kill an entire afternoon. There is a ton of history, tons of models and pictures, and several floors filled with information. Take your tourist friends here - or just go on a weekend. It's great. Parking will suck (and badly) on an event weekend, though.
4* Museum + Free = 5* Museum Young master Daniel B. loved the museum even when the Carousel was under repair.  Now that it is fully operational, this place is always on the short list of rainy day out-of-the-house kid activities.   Be forewarned, there is a very moving World Trade Center memorial, for which I was completely unprepared.  It's a difficult thing to try and explain to a 4 year old, but I did the best I could.  He had nightmares that were tangentially related to the exhibit for a couple of weeks, but they seem to have gone away. That said, there is also a special area just for kids, and very young kids too.  With activities, books, and more interactive exhibits.   It is good to take advantage of my tax dollars at work.
If there are a few memories that stand out from my childhood, trips to the NYS Museum is one of them.  It was a default place for my mom to take my brother, myself, and whatever friends/family we had in tow. Now that I live right "up the hill", my girlfriend and I typically try to make it every 6 months or so to see the traveling exhibitions.  The 9/11 exhibit is pretty moving, but I can see it as a good teaching tool for people who are too young to remember it, or weren't alive when it happened. I also never appreciated all the interesting exhibits on New York State as a child.  There is so much history here that we take for granted.  The museum is definitely one of the cultural gems of the area, and each resident of the Capital District should make it there at some point.
Just went today and it is indeed free (with suggested donation) and much improved over the last time I was there.  The 4th floor where my lovely wife and I were married and had our wedding reception is now exhibits (hanging planes) and a carousel.  A really nice tribute to September 11th, top 10 sports moments in NY history, Indian exhibits, and a history of the adirondacks round out the exhibits...good stuff. If I were to deduct a star, it would be for the Subway Cafe, which is just a  Subway where they make you fill your own soda, but don't allow refills...what is that all about?
My daughter and I go here constantly. I cannot think of a better afternoon. It's free (though they do ask for donations), they do interactive work shops for the kids, and they have a wonderful carousel on the upper floor that is SO much fun. Definitely a wonderful time!!
This is an above-average government museum offering the history of New York in good visual two- and three-dimensional reproductions and a large, high-impact collection of actual artifacts from the destruction of the twin towers on 9/11. See also our review of the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area.
I found the exhibit on the development of NYC I found fascinating.  The kids enjoyed the carousel.  BE WARNED--THEY HAVE NO FOOD OR CAFE--the front desk recommended the concourse in front of the museum and the Info desk (in the concourse) recommended th food trucks a short walk behind the capital building that we used for a great option.
This is a great museum and best of all, admission is donation based.  When you walk in, no one asks you to do anything.  If you need help head for the large front desk, otherwise just head right in.  If you want to see everything allow yourself a couple hours.  Your learn a lot about the history of New York State and New York City.  The traveling exhibits are ususally worth seeing as well.   Every year there is a chocolate festival before Christmas.  This includes lots of vendors and lots of yummy free samples.  Watch for this again next year.
This is a good-sized, fun museum to bring anyone visiting Albany to see.  Hell, it's fun to go by yourself and revisit your favorite exhibits!  It's free to get into, and the museum encompasses all the fun facts and history about NY-- the prehistoric geography of the state , the rocks commonly found here, the Native American histories, the post-colonial industries, the animals of NY, and the growth of NY's urban environments are all included in this fun little place!  Stop by here, grab a bite to eat for lunch at some of the great places nearby, and you have a fun, low-stress afternoon!
A top-notch museum, and for free! It's part of the massive plaza of state buildings downtown. If you're looking for a cheap way to kill an afternoon in Albany, you could do much worse. The state museum has got great exhibitions on the history of New York, nature displays, a part of the original Sesame Street set, and there's always new and interesting revolving exhibitions. Recently they had an exhibit of antique emergency vehicles and one of pop art borrowed from the Whitney. And you have to love the mastodont in the lobby. New York State knows how to take care of its peeps.
I'll give this museum separate reviews for both adults and kids, but they're both going to be a tepid three stars. I'm a bit more disappointed with this as a kids' attraction after several parents raved about it  and the Albany Out and About listed it as the #1 kids' attraction in the area.  Is it because it's free indoor entertainment for those long, long cold weather months? Hard to say.  I question the "free" part because it's a "suggested donation" museum, and I am always guilted into ponying up the suggested donation ($10 per family in this case, plus $1 per head for the carousel rides.) The kids did enjoy the carousel, although it is only running once every half hour right now. Otherwise it did little to engage them. The "Kids Discovery Center" is really, really basic and very randomized. The staffer there was alternately friendly with greetings and deeply ensconced in her newspaper, so despite the fact there was only one other family there we got zero in the way of guidance for any activity there. The larger exhibits, like the rocket car, the dead stuffed animals, and the old cars, got their attention for a few seconds but that was about it. Their favorite part, when I asked them afterwards, was taking the series of half-flight escalators down from the carousel on the fourth floor to the lobby. I found a little more of interest as an adult - the temporary exhibitions were quite nice (the one on WPA paintings circa 1934 was really great - how often do you see a range of paintings from a very narrow time frame like this?) but the permanent exhibits seem like, well, the state has a bunch of things they want to preserve so they randomly assembled them. I don't know whether it's lack of money, interest, or the politics of a state museum, but the layout is strange and there's virtually no narrative help. The one part I found very moving, to the point of tears, was the 9/11 trailer, the construction trailer that was set aside during the recovery effort at the WTC so relatives of victims could have a private place to gather themselves. It has very personal mementos and other memorial objects left, and it's extremely powerful. My children were actually more fascinated with this, not knowing the full impact of what it was, simply because it had so many different objects in it...and the ordinariness of those objects reflected the lives that were so brutally interrupted. The exhibit is very much without context, like all the other exhibits here, and while on the one hand this could very much be improved, the very jarring way it's set down near the old native diorama and the 1921 classic car is a real face-slapper. Everything else in the museum seemed more "fake" after we went by the trailer. The gift shop has a few nice things, some appropriately state-themed items for the out of towners (maple syrup, cartoon NYC taxies, fake native american stuff) and some other head scratchers (Angry Birds stuff? Really?) all at expensive prices, but I dropped some $ on a few things for the kids in the hopes it actually goes to supporting the museum collection and not the jobs of the disinterested museum workers we encountered. No snack bar; this is how you can tell it's not a real museum. Given there's no place for a nosh anywhere in a two block radius, they could make a killing by adding one, even a bad one. I strongly suspect this museum is a victim of its location, in the parallel-universe state building complex, with its vast dystopian human-unfriendly stylings and spaces. This mandated necessity to house the museum in windowless spaces divided like mid-century office cubicles, but with higher ceilings, in darkness and without a human-scaled sense of interpretation, has to necessarily control the experience of the collection. A collection like this one could do very well in a more historically-interesting building. Maybe fifty years from now this kind of architecture will come back in style, and curmudgeons like me will be laughed about the way people who loved Victorians were laughed off in the 1950s and 60s but boy, I hope not.
This was one good thing when I was living in Albany.  It's a fairly decent sized museum and there are lots of exhibits that are fun and interesting to see.
we love this museum. kenz and i have been coming since she was 3. i have read every single caption to every exhibit in the entire place (yes. even all of the stones, rocks and minerals. listening to me attempt the scientific names is always a good time.)   i love the rotating art shows that allow us views into other worlds without leaving albany (not that i mind leaving albany, just that sometimes we can't). thru the years we have had different fave's that we Had to Visit Now!: the whale bones (still a must see every time) the mastadonts (kenz used to go to the museum club after school and knew the facts of the young male in the front lobby by heart.) the naked native americans (tho that is usually more of a Boy thing) the long house and the spooky old lady telling tales the childrens museum section - always fun new activities in this room. and the bugs on the walls are Great!! the 911 section we spent a Lot of time visiting and i would try to read the timeline to her without crying (never made it) oh. and the museum store. lots of fun stuff to beg mom to buy you here. but our absolute favorite part is the top floor. with the coup de grace being the carousel. if you go in the late afternoon just before it closes, the almost mystical/magical light gently falling on you as it slides behind the horizon combines with the old time carousel music to transport you into the halcyon days of youth (even if you never had this particular one, you will find some memory that tugs).  the wonderful feelings that surround you make you want this moment to suspend itself in time so that the feeling of pure joy you are experiencing will last forever. oh. and the escalators are fun too. (warning: you may get dizzy if you run down them without slowing . or try to run up the down side.)
The museum is a great (but probably under appreciated) attraction in Albany. I've brought plenty of visitors here, mostly for the 9/11 exhibit (by far the most moving exhibit in the building). It's not the best museum I've been to but I like NYS history. It gets a little old when you've been there numerous times and many of the exhibits could use an update, but it is a good way to spend a rainy afternoon. My other favorite attractions are the NYS crystals, invasive species exhibit and Sesame Street! The trains are also pretty cool, and you have to check out the carousel. Best part of all? The museum is free (although I always drop a few bucks in the donation box). Check it out!
Definitely a fan!  This *free museum is the perfect place to spend a Saturday with the family!  Probably not something you'd do too often but a great mix of local history and fun. *Donations suggested.
The only museum I liked as a kid growing up. The children's section is incredibly thorough and engaging with lots of activities. I loved the dinosaur exhibit as a kid, and the bites of old New York history like the firetruck and I think was a train car and such. This is one of the best things to do in Albany period, and it has extra space for performances and camps. I haven't been in a long time but I'm sure the exhibits still hold up their end, and next time I travel back I'm definitely going there (what's not to love about empire state plaza?)
As a museum super fan! this is awesome!
