Freaking LOVE this place.  Amazing live music, killer beer selection and the staff are pretty dang cool.  Highly recommend visiting this pub especially on a friday or saturday night we the get all original, mostly local bands to play.
Growlers has a unique crowd. If you're not a Ringling School of Art or New College student you'll likely be the only one without piercings or tats. But don't let that scare you. Cabe, the bartender, who seemingly never takes a day off looks and acts like he walked out of a Victoria era bar. He's the consummate barkeep. He's quick with a joke or a light... wait, that's a Billy Joel song. But it applies. Very knowledgable about the beers he pours.
I learned about Growler's Pub on Yelp when my husband and I planned a weekend trip to Sarasota from Miami. We were happy to find out that Growler's was right near where we were staying, so we headed over on a Saturday evening during happy hour ($1 off drafts). Happy hour on Saturday? I'm ready to move to Sarasota. The atmosphere inside is nice and casual without being grimy. Even the bathrooms are clean! The bartenders that we had were awesome -- friendly and helpful. We enjoyed a couple of beers and although there was sound background music playing, it wasn't TOO loud to have a conversation, like a lot of bars (at least in Miami). There's no food at Growler's, but the bartender suggested that we order from one of the nearby restaurants and have them bring it over. We ended up leaving to eat, explore a bit, and then return to Growler's later that night for some live music. However, we did see some people order food and the restaurant nextdoor walked the food right over. Around 9 or so, a couple of bands started playing. It seems like a pretty cool place where new artists can get a start. One of the women who played said it was her first show ever. The bands were pretty good and the bar started to fill up as the night progressed. If we return to Sarasota, we'll hit Growler's up again for a laid back night.
Great bar if you're looking for a large selection of beer. Sunday-Thursday it's pretty quiet, but it fills up on Fridays and Saturdays  since usually there's a band playing on those days. The atmosphere is super chill and comfortable. There's outside seating all around (front, side, back). Service is always spot on, great bartenders and recommendations if you're not quite sure what to get. The selection of beer changes regularly so there's always the option to try something new.
This place is great, quiet, and it has a great selections of beers. I was introduced to it by a great friend, ex-coworker, ex-client, and partner. I feel bad by not remembering the name or the bartender, but he is a really cool dude that will help you select the perfect beer if you are not sure what to get. This is definitely a hidden gem in Sarasota, and I hope it remains like that. I have never seem the typical drunks at the bar, nor the trendy crow. Again, very quiet, simple, and amazing place. Salud!
Every time I come here I'm greeted by a familiar face of someone in the community. The 30 beers on tap and wine by the glass or bottle are always excellent. Coming from Michigan I'm very much into beer culture and the micro-brew community, and they never fail to exceed expectations in selection and service. Molly and Cabe are lovely beertenders, and always have superb advice to offer in the ways of quenching your palate's desires. Many times they have had local Michigan brews that I have searched long and hard to find. Overall I would give them a 6/5, but sadly improper fractions aren't an option on Yelp.
This is Sarasota's newest addition to the "good beer bar collection." If they all have their different aspect (Cock n Bull's awesome atmosphere and outdoor area, Stairway to Belgium's exceptional pub food, World of Beer's sports bar vibe) I would have to say at this early date Growlers has the potential to be the college bar party spot. This is a good thing in my opinion, a whole that needs filing. Now that Fall semester is starting up I will be interested to see if Growler's takes off in this direction. As of right now it is dark, quite, NICE "dive", with the cleanest lines in town and delicious, always changing on tap selection, good pub games (darts, pool, foos), friendly staff and reasonable prices. Tosh.O on the TV is always a good sign too. I have a special place in my heart for Growlers because its descriptive menu led me to discover my new favorite beer. Weihenstephan Hefe. "Sweet malted wheat, clove, banana, hint of black pepper."  This is exactly what I want out of a menu and out of a beer. LOVE! Ladies and conisseurs be on the look out for the beer blends available. There is one that mixes a chocolate stout and a blueberry ale and it literally tastes like drinking a chocolate blueberry pancake. Mind blowing.
Update: I've been in here a few more times now, and depending on who is working, service can be very slow. I once stood at the bar (which only had two other patrons at it) and waited at least ten minutes until the bartender made eye contact with me and finally asked me what I'd like to have. I still like the place, but when I walk up to the bar, I expect to at least be acknowledged within the first few minutes.
A more perfect pub (for me) could not be found. Eccentric and intimate with a wonderful selection of craft brews on tap. It's like going home.
Growler's pub has been open a total of 5 days as I write this, but my trip there last night bodes well and I hope for many visits to this lovely dispensary of the brewers arts.  30 beers on tap, more in the bottle and you don't have to sit in a parking lot looking at a bad hotel chain like you do at world of beer.   Located on the north trail near the Ringing School of art and Design and spitting distance from New College, Growlers occupies the far end  of an old strip mall, where Fly used to be.  This place will not be for everyone, and it will be interesting to see what character it takes on when the students return in the fall, but right now it is perfect for me and those like me.   Number one, no smoking!  I love it!  A bar where I don't have to suck down someone else's fumes.  Or take a shower when I get home.  Number two, the music is at a level I can talk to my friends!   Number three, 30 beers on tap, and good beers!  Dark beers!  Beers from all over, but mainly craft beers!  Number four, the bar tender knows his beers and is a nice guy!  Number five, they'll happily give you a taste.  Number six, the owners seem to know what they are doing and know when to step back. All of this means this is my kind of place.  But I know it will turn off others,  and that is fine with me because there are plenty of other joints in town where you can go have a smoke, get your ears blown out on bad music, and have the bartenders ignore you.  Leave this place for me and those like me who love a good pint and want to shoot the shit with their pals.   Oh yea, the cafe down the way will deliver food.  Will be back next week to try that out to go along with my lovely pint of dark beer.
been here a few times both during the week and weekends and different times of the evening. crowd is varied from close to retirement folks to student aged. bar-keeps are friendly and attentive. broad selection of tapped and bottled/canned beers. usually at least 4-6 of all styles. real good pub-vibe, they have free wi-fi as well.
4 Stars for amazing beers and handlebar 'staches!  Ok so someone checked in before me and got me thinking... After finishing up with some work late a friend called to ask if I was up to grab a beer. I like beer too and I havent been to Growlers so this seemed like the perfect chance!    They had a show scheduled in to play that night but we were too early for it so I think everyone was waiting until the band showed up. We had the place pretty much to ourselves at that point which gave me  a good chance to get the lay of the land. Inside there is a pool table, dart board, and an amazing selection of beers! Luckily they were slow and I was in the mood for something different so the bartender gave me a couple of shots of different beers to try out some of their selections. I ended up going with a beer that was aged in a cask that once held rum so it had an extremely tasty kick to it.      I dont go to bars very often but when I do this is the kind of selection I search for. It is a very lady back spot where anyone can feel comfortable. Also being right across from Ringling School of Art you will find a very eclectic mix of people but over all a nice mix of good people!
One of my Sunday riding stops. A very interesting tap selection and the bartenders always are informed enough to help my selections.
I really hope this place makes it, because it has potential to be a great beer bar.  I'll be back.  It's nice to have an alternative to driving all the way to Mr Beery's or World of Beer... and I think this may be a better space. The Good: 30 taps!  (yay) with a wide selection and mostly craft brews.  The couple who own the bar are really knowledgeable about their beers, attentive servers, and seem to be nice people.  The bar is no-smoking so you won't have to take a shower after!  The cafe next door delivers, and the owners don't mind if you bring your own food in from other venues.  They give samples.  There is a pool table, a foosball table, and a (real & free) dart board.  The music is not too loud and you can have a comfortable conversation.  The bar chairs are great - they have little backs & are cushion-ey The Bad: Even the non-craft beer - like Yuengling, Stella, Bass, is priced at craft beer prices  ($4/pint). While I go to a beer bar to drink good beer, if there was a cheaper pint I might stay for one more.  Also I'm not sure the college kids can afford those prices & I'm thinking they might be the ones to keep this place alive.  There are not enough tables and those they have are tiny.  They may do live music, as they have a stage. (arguably bad, I don't care for bars with live music as it's always way too loud and I go to a bar to actually talk to people) The Ugly: Their smoking "patio" is pretty ugly.  Right on 41 & not appealing.  I don't mind because it means the rest of the bar is smoke-free, which is so wonderful.  But a friend I went with smokes and I didn't even want to go out there to keep him company.
This place has a big selection of beer, a pool table, foosball, and darts. It's pretty cheap and has a good vibe, altho I went on a Sunday afternoon so it was pretty chill. Definitely one of the cooler spots in Sarasota... will definitely go back.
Excellent bar with good people and good beer. Been there on a variety of nights and each nigth has something good to offer. Wednesday night trivia is a good draw and the weekends are always fun too. My favorite night is Monday. Not a lot of people so it is great for a couple beers and just kicking back to relax. Megan is always helpful and very creative when it comes to helping pick out a new beer.
