ahhh! Kate L. you beat me to the punch to review Spoiled Rotten. At the suggestion of someone that I saw in Spot coffee this afternoon, she recommended that I go here to find some cool Buffalo gear (she had the I  BUF sticker on her laptop). I had no idea where it was but while I was on a run, I decided to turn down a random street and there it was right around the corner. Walked in and was a little confused, thought I had stepped into a stationary store but there were signs that pointed upstairs to "everything Buffalo". They have a pretty good selection of t-shirts and pretty much everything else they could put their hands on that have Buffalo's on it. The staff is awesome. Very knowledgeable of the area. The owner wasn't there but she did a great job hiring! Kudos. The store isn't very big so don't get your hopes up. Will definitely come back again to buy stuff.
This is the perfect shop to purchase a Buffalo-themed gift that goes above and beyond the usual, cheesy, touristy memorabilia.  They have a great collection of Buffalo shirts that come in all shapes and sizes, as well as jewelry, glassware, and other fun gifts. The front of their store features a variety of other non-Buffalo gifts, such as candles and decorations.  Quite the eclectic collection.  Come Christmas time, this is a very popular destination for a reason!
The good: This place is cute, and just kitschy/shiny enough for my inner child to be really entertained every time I enter. It's clean, it's well-curated and the employees are really nice. I've found some unique things, like a Victorian meets electroclash inspired change purse, at reasonable prices. It's been a staple of the area for awhile and I give them props for being an alternative for gifts and Buff-merch. I like supporting a local business and if it is reasonably close in price to the same item at a big box store (obviously there's some mark up as a local place is ordering smaller quantities) or something I've just never seen elsewhere, I'll buy it here. Also, very nice employees and great holiday wrapping. The meh: Nothing here is locally made, or even made in the US, or any country with labor laws. I mean nothing (if I missed it, please let me know). I didn't find a single thing. What I could find a tag on all seemed to be made in China and other Asian countries. Like Everything Elmwood, I'm not really down with a place marketing itself like a loca-vore spot and then having nothing made locally. Isn't that what is supposed to set you apart from big box and mall stores? I understand what a business pays for a product is not a reasonable representation of what it has to be sold at to cover the cost of the item, shipping it to you, paying employees, utilities, etc but from working in both customs brokerage and retail I've got a good handle on what is reasonable to charge to turn a profit on something - locally made goods are NOT undoable at the prices this place is already charging or a minimal perecentage higher. Although SR's prices were far more reasonable than EE, it's still not unrealistic to have at least some local or at least US-made items for their price point. Thin Ice has almost exclusively local and handmade items and there gifts are very onpar in the dollar range with SR so the excuse that local artisans  "want too much for their product so the mark up to sell it is higher than customers want to pay" (as the girl behind the register at SR suggested to us) is obviously not always the case. There are also local art galleries that sell artisan-made gifts at prices on par with what SR is selling non-local things for - it is doable.  At least make an effort to support SOMETHING in the local economy (dishes, cosmetics, etc) just as you want others to make the effort to support your local business.
Spoiled Rotten is yet another fun and funky gift shop on Elmwood with high price tags and cute items. I LOVE all of the Buffalo themed giftware on the second floor. It's all unique and fun. Great gifts for ex-pats! When I was an ex-pat, I would have loved to have found a beef on weck kit in my Christmas stocking. Or a scarf adorned with chicken wings and buffaloes in a gift box under the tree. If you have an ex-pat to buy gifts for, scope out the second floor of Spoiled Rotten for a unique taste of home. They have some unique jewelry here too. I spotted a pair of "gold" earrings there for $15 that I regret not buying now. I consider $15 more than reasonable for a pair of nice looking earrings. Maybe I will go back. I have to give them a solid 4 stars and maybe a half star more for having a resident Boston terrier on premises. Being a BT owner myself, I love being greeted by a sweet lil' pup when shopping.
The purple awning will lead you into an adorable shop chock full of cute items for gifting and for your home, including a lovely selection of seasonal and holiday items year round. It's a favorite of mine when I'm looking for a special gift or a Buffalo memento for someone. And their complimentary gift wrap is great. Most of the items are good for women, children or couples, although the Buffalo section in particular has a good deal to choose from for men. If you've never been, make a point to visit this Elmwood Village gem!
If you have to buy a gift for a holiday/birthday, this place is the absolute BEST.  The atmosphere (and staff) is much nicer than Everything Elmwood, and their free gift wrapping is out of this world.   In fact, I stopped in once to pick up a gift for my friend's wedding, and the owner even coordinated the colors on the package with the theme of the wedding. It was topped with this huge, elaborate bow that took a lot of care, attention and love.  She helped pick out the gift, too. I was really impressed with the quality and novelty of the store's selection of products.  A must see (especially during Christmas!)
This is the place to find unique gifts or things that pertain to Buffalo. You are usually greeted by a small dog and the friendly owner. This store is beyond adorable! I never walk out of here not buying at least one item. The only fallback is it a small space and sometimes takes awhile to overturn for new items, but its dependable for when you need that special gift.
Very cute little shop!  Owner was very nice and more than willing to help.  Great selection of Buffalo gear and unique gift items.
