Kismet is one of my musts on the list of galleries to go to on Troy Night Out. First off - they've got a great spread of nibbles. Secondly - the art is usually off the walls! (figuratively, of course) They've recently opened the top attic/nook in the back gallery/nook. It's very cute. This is also a kid-friendly gallery, so you can bring the kids and no one is going to look at you funny. The art is also usually priced to sell. There have been $400 pieces, but no $1,200 paintings like some of the other galleries. IMO, this is great - and they have a lot of other art to choose from for $100 or much less. And a cute wall of monsters. I really need that vampire panda.
I went to this place a few times.. once during the Troy Night Out and thought it was a pretty nifty spot. I picked up a couple interesting pieces I gave as gifts and they were as expected very well received. This place was quite crowded and I guess it was the most packed spot during the Troy Night Out(s).. people have written on here about their snacks. However, I've heard not many people were actually buying stuff. Supporting local businesses, especially smaller ones is a vital part of keeping them going. Hopefully the people who enjoyed this place and will miss it, remember that for future reference. If you like a place and enjoy what it offers, you should do your part to keep it around. It's really too bad Troy is going to lose this spot.
This is a really great little gallery that also serves as sort of an artists collective. The art is often political and/or progressive. You won't find oil paintings of landscapes, rather, Kismet often features artists working in mediums like graffiti, stencils and silk-screening.  The gallery is dedicated to fair labor practices, and a recent show/sale featured all sorts of "toys" made by local artists. What's even better is that you can actually afford to purchase the art here. I have a great little framed print on my wall that I got for $20. Kismet also sells locally made jewelry, tote bags, T-shirts and more. They also always seem to have the best food  during Troy Night Out.
Kismet was probably the best thing troy had going. But as of Nov 1, it will be gone, and I am very sad.
