It was a pleasant stop to recharge and recaffienate after walking around Sarasota's shopping district. Smooth, flavorful coffee.
I love this local gem! The baristas told me when ordering which items were fresh out of the oven. It was something I may not have tried had I not known this nugget of advice, but ohmygoodnesswasitevergood! The velvetto is a house drink. I've also tried their homemade croissant breakfast sandwich. Yummmmmmm!!!!
Hot coffee, cool people, strong 'expresso' and sweet pastries.  I love it! I just wish their double espresso was a little more 'grande'.
Worth a trip for the giant muffins. Blueberry and espresso muffins are best -  for lunch a panini with pesto and mozzarella, maybe tomatoes and veggies.  Pass on an iced espresso - they just put a few cubes in a cup. Plenty of tables outside and cool vibe guitarist at night on the weekends.
Props to this place. They are all about customers and their satisfaction whether it be through food or service/experience. Bonus is they have a nice environment inside with live music at times and sunny space or outdoor seating without smoking now. They serve drinks and food. Nothing out of this world but good enough - enjoyable enough, especially with bonus of the environment.
Have been to Pastry Art a couple of times and it seems as though there is never enough staff to prepare their food and coffee drinks quickly enough. I really enjoy the quality of their dishes (hello hummus plate and chili) but I wish that I could pop in and grab lunch a little faster during my daily routine.
the most rude service ever.  It doesn't matter how good the coffee is.  Although the coffee is mediocre at best. I go (went) there for their stuffed croissants but won't be back because out of the ten times I have visited, maybe once I have had efficient/friendly service.  Not only are the staff rude and complacent, but it takes me a 10-20 minute wait to get a PREPARED croissant that is sitting in the deli window an arms reach away.   Let me point out that I am not hyper-sensitive, AND I have worked in the service industry and I understand the stress of service and bad days, so I always overlook...  But the last time the girl who waited on me was so obviously upset that I found myself asking her if she was ok.  She just looked at me like "ya go away".   So sometimes my learning curve is a little long, but it became blatantly apparent to me after I was abused about the tenth time I went that this was going to be a reoccurring theme. nah.
This place has a lot going for it. OVERVIEW: - Right in the middle of the hot main street goings on - Strong, toasty coffee - Strong, toasty wifi - Inexpensive pastries - Twice the seating of your usual small cafe - Can get fairly hoppin, you might wait a few minutes, worth it ATMOSPHERE: It's a bit of a 'worn in' look, comfortable, unassuming. SERVICE: We've had great service for the most part, barring one reeeeeal toolbag a while back who thought he was king coffee and had clear disdain for us ordering a flavored drink. But I think he's gone now and we had lovely ladies wait on us yesterday who were cheery and full of awesomeness. PASTRIES: The pastries are great, reminding me of being in Greece, where they are just a couple bucks and full of real flavor, not overly sweet and expensive like stupid Americans make. COFFEE: The coffee is delicious, has a nice bold flavor without any funky bitterness or aftertaste. MUSIC/ART: They have local music and art, which is fantastic, and deserves support. Get on out there and visit these folks.
This was our 1st stop on New Year's Eve and I'm so glad it was! That coffee kept me going all night! I had a Carmello Latte and got an apple strudel to share, hubby got a beer (which was a few cents cheaper than out on Main). Every single person working there had a HUGE smile and was pleasant and patient! I've been to Pastry Art before (my boss and co-worker love it) and the coffee and pastry's are sooooo good! I've gotta come back and try some the lunch offerings.
I'm kind of surprised there aren't reviews for this place already, based on the reviews elsewhere on the internet. We visited today, and came away unimpressed. The location is in the heart of downtown Sarasota, so we were surprised to arrive at a little past noon and find almost no line and a table to sit at. My wife got the tomato basil soup and I ordered a Cuban. The tomato basil soup we got was more like a marinara sauce, no sign of the creme fraiche advertised - either on top of or in the soup. It was almost tomato paste. My Cuban sandwich had all the right ingredients, but seeing the cook pop out from the kitchen with a plastic package of meat and pop it into the microwave behind the register for 30 seconds kind of put me off. The sandwich was okay, but had been pressed literally to less than a half inch -- and I mean pressed, not toasted -- like someone sat on the panini machine to speed it up... A coconut macaroon for dessert was also disappointingly chewy, but had a nice coconut taste and balanced sweetness.This place has potential -- or maybe it had potential -- and I'd go back to see if we just hit it on a bad day after a long holiday weekend...
What a horrible culinary experience!! It was just the WORST tiramisu ever! Hands down! And the pastry does not do justice to the name of the establishment. Pastry Art? It should be called Pastry Disaster. The pastry selections consist of generic apple turn overs, sugar cookies, horrible tiramisu, biscotti, etc, none of the items were special in any way. I just tried the tiramisu, it tasted rancid. My friend had a bite and couldn't even swallow it. The place looks nice and trendy and is probably good to come read a book and have coffee as many of the people here were doing but by no means does it have anything special to offer. I feel truly bad about writing this review, the ambiance is very nice, loved the decor, the staff was charming. I really wanted to like this place. Oh well c'est la vie.
Very friendly, down to earth local spot on Main Street. The Italian sandwich was delicious, perfect to split. The Espresso Muffin was a nice dessert. Good prices. Very local feel
Went here to meet a friend from out of town.   It's a small and cute place with outdoor seating in the heart of downtown Sarasota.  Unfortunately,   I asked the cashier if I could order coffee with some heavy cream, it's a pastry shop so one would imagine they have it stocked.  The cashier said, "No. We have it but not for coffee." I asked if I could have a little for my coffee and she still said, "No."  So I didn't order coffee. In my opinion,  this is poor customer service so I won't be returning.   The kids said the Christmas tree cookies and hot cocoa  were good but my husband wasn't impressed with the latte or the size they offered.   We won't be returning.
We purchased several chocolates and mini-desserts; all were pretty bland, despite the fact that they looked good... Very low cocoa content in the truffles which just made them taste sugary and fatty... Doesn't even come close to Burn's Court Cafe, C'est La Vie Bakery or Ooh La La... There was music on when we visited and the place had a good vibe and people seemed to be enjoying themselves, but we certainly wouldn't recommend and wouldn't go back...
Been here many times and usually ok to pretty good.  It is certainly a plus to have something like this along main street and a good place to meet and chat with friends.  Also, a good place for some tea or coffee while waiting for to meet someone while they are busy with an appointment down town.   I do have to mention the last time I was in there the service was horrible.  The guy making drinks never annouched when things were ready.  And when I went to ask about my tea he was too busy on his phone to let me know if he had bothered to put the tea bag in and had it ready.   I wasn't the only one having trouble getting their coffee or tea either.  Also, a friend ordered a sandwich and it took 40 minutes, with one other table to get it made, so it wasn't like they were slamed.  He had to ask them three times for it!  So I think the manager needs to do some checking on things or otherwise this sort of poor service is going to haunt them as I'll only put up with it so far to get a cup of tea and a cookie.  I know my friend is in no hurry to go and get a sandwich again there.  REally they should be two stars based on this but I'll give them another go around before I downgrade them.
I can unfortunately only base this review on one visit.  The atmosphere was pleasant, as were the staff.  I came in around lunch time, I had walked over and was trying to support a local business rather than end up at Starbucks or Whole Foods nearby.   I had a chai latte, which was very good.  I also ordered the roasted veggie wrap, which did not contain anything that had been roasted, but was ok.  I was reminded why I hate wraps - they're always straight out of the fridge, making a bread replacement with a less than ideal texture even less appealing.  It seems from other reviews that the food here is often not up to the standard of their coffee products.  That's a shame since it seem to be a popular spot.* *and only one block from the gun store!! gotta love being home in Florida.
Having recently moved to Sarasota from a city where the "coffee shop" was an integral part of a neighborhood, I was worried about finding a new place to get my caffeine fix...I stumbled across Pastry Art Bakery. I was immediately struck by how friendly the staff was and how good the coffee and croissants are. Being able to sit outside on a warm morning or sit inside and listen to live music at night is a great bonus. Being new to the area, the employees have been wonderful with helping me with directions and suggestions. Overall, a great experience with great food and people. For less than what you might pay at a large chain, you get personalized service and food and you're supporting a local business. Oh and to the reviewer who gave 1 star and said she had been "abused" by the service, get real...Perhaps your lousy attitude and inability to know what abuse actually is, led to people being less than friendly.
What kind of "bakery" establishment only has 1 croissant to offer at 10:30am on a Sunday morning in a town like sarasota??? This is the worst place my family and I have come across in all of Sarasota's Main Street!!! The only thing you get out of this place is waitresses with a huge attitude!!!! If u don't want to work then DONT WORk!! Don't take it out on ur customers!!!
Verrry good expresso. It wasn't very busy and parking was pretty easy in the afternoon.  Coffee was plenty strong for me, and I usually get exra shots to bulk it up. I'm a little disappointed in Sarasota for the scarcity of good indie coffee shops, so if you have a chance to check out this little shop you should.  The pastries looks fabulous but I didn't partake.
- Excellent espresso here. - A joy to find this place and not have to resort to a chain. - Case full of pastry's was very tempting.
They make great coffee at this place. Usually I find it extremely difficult, especially in Florida, to find an independent coffeehouse that makes great coffee. This place has employees who know what they are doing. Get you coffee here while shopping in Downtown Sarasota. The pastries are horrible, but let's face it, unless you go to a quality bakery, most coffeehouses serve crap baked goods.
I wouldn't make this review so low but the name has pastry in the title and the pastries are horribly underwhelming every time I've gone.
Exceptionally nice and friendly staff.  The almond log was a perfect complement to my almond flavored latte with almond milk.... I was just in that kind of mood.  Highly recommend.
This is my go to place for shortbread cookies. Since they are primarily a coffee house, there is a serious problem with homeless people camping out in the dining area, out front, and using the bathrooms. I have not eaten their savory items and have no interest to, since there are many decent restaurants in the area.  Their fancy pastries and canolli are good as well.  The coffee and hot chocolate are decent. Shortbread cookies- tender and buttery, and barely any sugar added.  You can really taste the quality of the butter. Almond Log- It is an oblong shaped flat cookie covered in almonds.  It is made with condensed milk, so it is chewy on the inside and crispy on the outside.  There is also a small amount of amaretto added for flavor. I recommend that they build up a cupcake assortment, since that is the current trend right now.  I would love to see a white cake with yummy butter cream icing on top. Most of the other desserts appear to be pre-made; likes the cheesecakes and tiramisu, for example.
Two days in a row I had a pretty good Americano here, on the strong side, as I like, and a decent chocolate chip cookie.  I'd say the coffee was better than the cookie, all things considered, but neither was memorable.  (On the second day, a fondant au chocolat could have been better if it hadn't been over-baked in the first place, then microwaved to warm it up)  Somehow the coffee still hit the spot, and I would return here next time I'm in town.   Some local art is on the walls for purchase, too.  An acrylic called "Florida Jungle" or something like that was $2000.  Uh-huh.
The pastries are my favorite thing about this place. Well, that and the cute hipster baristas. Also the odd time I get to snag a big comfy chair instead of a hard wooden one. Perfect meetup place for Saturday mornings or whenever.
I stopped in and got a cheese croissant, pleasantly surprised that there wasn't a lot of sugar glaze covering their baked items, as is common in so many bakeries today.My croissant was very good, a light flaky pastry, with just a dab of cheese on the inside. I could hardly taste the filling, there could have been a tad more, but it was still good. My only disappointment was that they did not offer a guava cheese pastry, which I thought was common in south Florida.   My receipt shows that Richard was the counter person that helped me. He was patient, answered any questions I had, and had a  friendly nature. The cafe had several people relaxing, some friends, a family, and another couple coming in as I left. Seemed like a nice place to linger and enjoy some coffee and a light meal or snack. I had to get on my way but next time I am in Sarasota, I'd go back to Pastry Art again.
Make sure the coffee is hot!!! Imagine, if that's the comment/tip I have to make at a coffe house, something is wrong.  Selections of pastries/sweets to go with the coffee is also severely lacking.
Decent French Roast, free refills, not bad pastries, excellent service, good music (usually).  Only draw back is some of the street folk he wander in to use the bathroom and check the seat cushions for change.  You get used to it.  Neighborhood joint that is always there for a good cup of coffee while you read the paper.
Good coffee with plenty of choices,and wonderful pastries such as cannolis,tarts,and muffins.I got the carmello latte,and a cannoli,both were delicious. I will definitely make a trip back for a yummy pastry or another coffee
Great place to hang out on Main Street!  Good coffee, Always Lot of People to chat with.  Good place to read a book or just people watch!
Excellent espresso! So-so drip coffee. Nice pastry selection. Plus, free wifi.
Cozy shop with good coffee, basic pastry offerings (and a more extensive menu that I didn't order from). Ample seating indoor and outside. A few cozy chairs to get lost in a book in.
This is a great place to come if you like good coffee. I always get their soy latte which is delicious. And I get a whole wheat blueberry scone which is very low in sugar; perfect for my diet. The staff is friendly. It's a great place to meet your friends and chat - they don't rush you out.
5 years ago I would have written a better review but this place has steadily gone downhill. The quality of espresso has declined in the most disappointing way. I had a severely microwaved breakfast sandwich that has put me off for good. The baked goods are average and nowhere close to the original standards here. Is there a different owner now?
I'm from Pennsylvania and was having a destination wedding in Florida. If you know anything about Western Pennsylvania weddings, you know we have a massive cookie table with cookies home made by friends and family of the bride & groom. I needed to recreate this tradition at my wedding in Florida but not only would I have issues transporting several dozen of cookies between the two states, but my Grandma who was the baker in my family recently passed away. I contacted 6 different bakeries in the Sarasota area. Only 2 were willing to make cookies for my wedding. But only Chip was willing to recreate my Grandmother's special recipes.  I emailed Chip the recipes and after consulting with his pastry chef, they decided the cookies could be made.  The cookies were amazing and tasted exactly how my Grandmother's used to taste. I could not have been happier! It was such a special thing to have a little part of my Grandma with me when she couldn't be there physically. So thank you, Chip and your staff at Pastry Art.  The cookies you made tasted so good and you gave me a very special memory!
I can only speak for breakfast but the pastry is great and the rotating coffee selection is refreshing. Possibly organic? I have yet to find a better place in Sarasota. I am surprised there are aren't more reviews since mornings are always busy when I am around.
fabulous spinach salad wrap.  line moves slowly when there's a rush, though.
