Very impressed on first visit. Super cool interior, good beer and sweet happy hour. Had a couple appetizers --the chicken wings and Parmesan fries-- which were good for the money. Had some weird live music going on, but wasn't bad.
Stop in last night..loved the atmosphere.  My boyfriend and I started with the Darwin's sushi, does anyone know what the pasta like kebab was that come with it? Which was very good then we ordered the crab cake and the skirt steak both were very good but what stole the show was the lavender and honey poach pear with goat cheese ice cream sooo good...would I go back probably but maybe on their happy hour to try the burger!
The Courvoisier I had to top off all of the fine spiced beers was definitely on point and well worth the 12$ price tag. Not a recommendation but a must. Their happy hour is also fantastic.
Stopped by for drinks before heading next door to the Blue Rooster to eat. The bar is cute and atmosphere is kind of hip and trendy. A "steampunk" vibe in this place. My wife will say Darwin's is a bit pretentious and she was not happy with the fact their drinks online do not match what they serve (the menu online is not up-to-date). I had beer and enjoyed the atmosphere more than her which is surprising because the median age is somewhat older than our age: the clientele is almost-snowbird age. This night out proved to stink when it came to eating dinner. We only had drinks at Darwin's and I regret not eating at this establishment. We will try again.
Darwin's has taken the top spot as my current favorite restaurant in Sarasota for a couple different reasons. The most impressive aspect is the food. Darwin hooks it up with multiple South American dishes that explode with taste in your mouth. I've had a couple of his ceviches, some octopus, the short rib/risotto amazingness, and the swordfish. All fantastic and quite authentic. The bar area is a completely different scene at this location. It's full of 1st Round Draft Picks of talented women who come for the cosmos, dance floor, and I like to think to meet men like me. Annnnnnd they brew their own beers on-site, winning.
Great Peruvian flavors, terriffic service, trendy atmosphere. I definitely recommend the skirt steak.  Causa was delicious too.  The Lazy Pirate Stout wasn't bad - very good for a brand new microbrew.
Fab happy hour!  I had the ceviche and shrimp causa w/ a cosmo and a mojito.  The ceviche had an awesome leche de tigre.  If I had known about the beer flight, I would've ordered that instead.  I'm a big fan of craft and microbrews.  The atmosphere was relaxing w/ a really good guitar player playing various things from Arlo Guthrie to Bach's "Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring".
Awesome innovative food, great service.   Enough said.  Malbec marinated spare ribs, the duck with truffle and pea risotto, and the poached pear with goat cheese ice cream are not to be missed.  Micro brew porter is a great drink choice.  Great place!
OMG!! There are not even enough stars! We finished everything they brought to the table; it was all amazing!!!!!!! Everything, even the drinks, was amazing! All clearly fresh! It was the best money we've spent on food EVER!! Very highly recommended! :D
There seems to be some confusion that chef Darwin still owns other restaurants, such as Selva, but he does NOT. Though he was its first chef and founder, he is no longer part of the restaurant. Since his departure, food at Selva has gone down in quality and up in price. Darwin's is the return of the old Selva with a few more exciting additions to the menu and a microbrew which serves up some pretty tasty beers for a new micro. They have excellent happy hour deals that you should try to take advantage of. Ceviche is amazing as is the pork taco. Skirt steak is superb and the burger is one of the best I've ever had despite the fact it was slightly over cooked (I prefer my meat on the rarer side). BUT the biggest difference between the new selva and Darwin's is the return of delicious desserts. The pot of mousse had suffered under the new selva but it is back in all its glory at Darwin's. Goat cheese ice cream is out of this world. Highly recommend to anyone who wants to taste how the old selva was.
My husband and I have eaten here twice, once on our own and once in a group of friends. The first visit we were kind of surprised because we hadn't heard of the restaurant before and it is in kind of an odd location. The entrance of the restaurant looks really cool and once you step inside you can see the interior is very well put together, too. We were very happy with our meals, and the food is certainly unlike any other restaurant in Sarasota. Our second visit with friends was equally as satisfying. A group of 6 and everybody loved their meal. Both times I ordered the skirt steak with chimichurri, I just couldn't pass it up after it was so good the first time. The dessert is also amazing. They have a creative cocktail menu and the drinks are good, too. I'm sure we will be dining here again!
Had the tuna should have sent it back to embarrassed because with a big party. Chef don't ever send tuna out to dining room unless it's top grade and fresh people in Sarasota cannot be fooled, that's why many restaurants fail. My bad for not sending it back. Service was excellent, Darwin's happy hour is excellent as well.
Great service. On the ball. Helpful recommendations. We shall return.  Arroz con mariscos and braised short ribs w risotto. Excellent.   This was an unusual find in Sarasota.  Now that I am down here more often, it's going on my list.
Given all the fantastic reviews I was really excited to try this place. The food and the space (which is beautiful) did not disappoint.  I enjoyed the Tuna Tiradito appetizer and the Arctic Char main (see photos).  The fish was so light and fresh and perfectly complemented by the sweet glaze.  My husband devoured his Pork Taco and equally enjoyed the grilled duck breast. Service, sadly, was a tad frazzled, hence the 4 stars.  Honestly, it was not bad enough to ruin the experience for us.  However, our waitress was so absent throughout the evening that we felt we should directly tip the food runners, bus boys and the hostess, as they were they ones constantly taking up the slack.  Which, to be fair, they did very well.  Indeed, we very much appreciated the hostess taking our drink order, and then delivering it, otherwise we would have been waiting a very long time for our own waitress, who seemed overly distracted by one large table, to the detriment of all her other customers.   We hope to return to Darwin's but will try to secure a different server next time...
This is a great date place. The atmosphere dark and cozy. You will need to use an alternate light source to reed the menu though. I sat in the bar area because I like the atmosphere better and there was a lone guitarist playing.   I am a craft beer snob and their micro-beers were very drinkable. I wish there was a larger selection of local and popular craft beers; however, for Southern FL I was happy. We had a couple appetizers and they were both good. My only complaint was the lettuce wraps. The lettuce boats were incapable of wrapping anything. The asparagus tacos were good. I had the sampler entree and I must say everything was excellent accept the yucca--which to me were undercooked as more of a veggie than a starch.  The tempura was done very well not too oily ad the spice was a good slight kick without taking away from the fish which were small portions in the sampler. I will come again when the opportunity presents itself.
6/4/14.........My wife and I moved to Sarasota about a year ago from New York City. This was our first visit to this restaurant.....We ordered from the "Savor Sarasota" priced fixed menu.....my wife asked the waitress if she could substitute a potato side  with her steak instead of the plantain that accompanied the dish....(my selection of fish fro the Same Menu was served with a potato side).......my wife explained to the waitress she was allergic to the plantain......we watched the waitress go over to the chef(owner) .....she returned to our table and apologized but the chef would not allow the substitution..........I looked at my wife and said " I think we should just leave" we had just gotten a glass of wine served to us.....I paid for untouched wine and left the waitress a $3.00 tip for her service.......This is just another example of a chef knowing how to cook.....But having No Idea of how to Run a Business!!  That egocentric "NO"from" Mr.Chef"   has cost him our Never returning to his restaurant......We eat out 2-3 times a week (The Table at Creekside) being one of our favorites in Sarasota.....who by the way has never had the slightest problem with a substitution request......So you Yelpers and all my friends will be hearing this story..
Really, really good. Huge portions, inventive cocktails, and yummy apps. Why are you still reading this?? Go!
This place is one of my favorite go to places in Sarasota. I have been here multiple times. This is located at the edge of downtown Sarasota and is off of the main road so it could be easy to miss. It is a Peruvian restaurant and brewery. Upon entering, you will notice the U shaped bar with some side seating directly in front of you, the brewery to your right, and a main dining area to your left if you walk through an archway. I have never had an issue getting seated immediately. I always sit at the bar area. The bartenders are very attentive and are knowledgeable about the house brews, which change almost weekly. If you come during happy hour, you can get the tapas style dishes for a discounted price and the burger is on that menu too. I haven't ordered from the regular menu mainly because it's a little out of my price range. I'm sure the quality and taste is excellent but for my purposes, the happy hour menu is quite sufficient and rather delicious. I'm sure I will graduate to the regular menu at some point! Anyway, I have had every item on the happy hour menu and I must say that there isn't a single appetizer that I prefer over another. There are not enough good things to say about them. I encourage you to go with a few friends or family members, get all of them, and share so you can have a taste of everything. The burger is on the happy hour menu as well and I always get it. It is normally $14 or so but only $10 on the happy hour. It is big enough to fill me up, which is saying a lot. Plus it is quite delicious with the rosemary bun, bacon, aioli, cheese, and served with banana chips (or are they plantain chips?) whatever, it's friggin good. Being a beer snob, I cannot say enough good things about their house brews. The lemongrass saison is especially good on a hot day. With the burger, try their charapa ale, which compliments the smoky bacon very nicely. Overall, a delightful place that if it were closer to me, I would probably go at least twice a week. I rate this place a perfect 5 stars. Epic awesomeness.
The place is great and I agree with most of the other reviews but be careful at Happy Hour and 'check' your bill before paying. It has happened to us more then once that you will be charged 'regular' prices instead of HH price. We brought this up with our male server who was "sorry he didn't know the time."  'Sorry'  but that doesn't fly - your cash register  has the time on it.  Large groups should really pay attention - another time,  we were charged food and drinks we didn't order.  From now on, we will pay as we receive.
This place was amazing! Being Peruvian I'm usually pretty harsh and over critical on most Peruvian restaurants especially those that are gastro-fusion-froufrou and so on. The service was quick and friendly and had the pleasure of meeting Darwin at the end of my dinner. This is quite the gem in Sarasota and something for everyone who isn't as adventurous. The Wahoo Tiradito was incredible! I'll definitely be back when in town.
Great selection of ceviches. While everyone raves about the tuna & watermelon, I prefer the wahoo. The pork taco is a must as an appetizer and the vegetable taco is surprisingly good for this carnivore! My absolute favorite entree is the skirt steak! The flavors imparted by the grill combined with chimichurri and sweet chili are amazing. The sweet plantains are a bonus. The bill does add up quickly with so many good options to eat and some tasty cocktails.
This restaurant like so many others in the area !!!! need waitstaff TRAINING big time... most establishments spend soooo much money on decor ..advertising... leases or actual purchase of property...... good chef's etc...however when it comes to waitstaff training it is sadly lacking!!!!!!!!! ... an inexperienced  ...chatty ..rude..arrogant..etc..person who just doesn't know how to serve a table ..especially a bottle of wine...is very annoying....... remember you are charging me at least twice to three times what it is worth..just to have someone serve it to me .....it could at least be the proper way...also waitstaff that don't  understand the sequence of how food should come out of the kitchen ...that person can ruin the whole experience...this area is often overlooked in this business. This place only gets 3 stars because their waitstaff fits this description Food is 4 to 5 star depending what u order........Will try one more time could have been luck of the draw.....:(((
This is a review of the customer service and management (Vinny) at Darwin's on 4th. I purchased a gift certificate in the amount of $100 for my parents from Darwin's this past Christmas, thinking it would be a nice place for them to have a dinner. They recently went to Darwin's on a weeknight Wednesday, 2/27/13 for my mother's birthday. They were sat at a table, and the waitress was named (Erica). The waitress took so long to come and take they're drink order, my father had to go to the bar to get drinks. When (Erica) does finally arrive at the table to introduce herself and take the order, my mother has some questions about the menu, so Erica went off to get an answer but does not return. After (Erica) came back to the table my mother asks if is had an answer to the question about the menu, she said "Oh, I forgot", and went off again. My mother sees her go to other tables and (Erica) even looks at her but doesn't come back to the table. At this point it's 30 min. after sitting, they ask for the check to leave. For my parents to leave a restaurant due to service it must be BAD, as they've never done this. After paying my father goes up to the hostess stand to ask to speak with a manger about the service. The hostess says "I'm sorry, he's busy". Whaaat? I've worked in restaurants in New York, and this would never happen. The manager should NEVER be too busy to help to unhappy customers. Customers should be your #1 priority, apparently at Darwin's this is not the case. The next day my father calls Darwins to speak to the manager, he speaks to Vinny and explains the dining experience from the prior evening. Vinny says he's sorry about they're service, and offers to buy them drinks and appetizers if they came back to the restaurant to make up for the poor service. I also called Darwins to speak with Vinny to express my unhappiness with the service my parents received, and that I now looked bad giving a gift certificate to a restaurant which I talked up as being very good. Vinny said he was sorry, and that he had spoken to my father, and that he had promised to buy them drinks and appetizers if they would come back to give the restaurant a second chance. Vinny told my father to personally call him before they came in to make sure they were taken care of. They recently went to Darwins this past Friday 3/8/13, to give Darwin's a second chance. When they arrive, they ask the hostess to speak to Vinny, she responds that Vinny is not in, but will send over the other manger (Matt). (Matt) says he will take care of them, but the drinks and appetizers were not taken care of. Needless to say my parent's will not be going back to Darwin's, and I will not be purchasing gift certificates from them or recommending Darwin's to anyone. Again, this review was about the customer service and management of Darwin's, and as someone who has worked in high-end restaurants, customer service is just as important than the food. If this is how Darwin's treats it's customers than natural selection will make sure this restaurant eventually goes extinct.
Basically 3 star food with 4 star prices but the beer is very good and interesting.   I've been wanting to try out their beer as what I had at the bradenton beer fest was great.  So between movies of the film festival we decided to try things out.  Got the beer sampler and all were interesting and two were really good.  The oatmeal stout and the argyle were the winners there.   For food we decided to try a vareity of the piqueros and other things.  The Picante De Camarones was good but uneven.  Basically some bites were supper yummy and others were more garlic, and raw garlic at that, than it really need.  ANd I love garlic.  So a bit unbalanced or just bad execution?  Not sure. The real zinger was $15 for 5 shrimp, that were the 20-22 count size.  $3 a shrimp, it needs to be better than this.  Similar with the Lima chopped salad, good but uneven.  Some bites were flavorful and interesting and others lacked what you were getting at other times.  With a chopped salad this seemed strange.  The real bummer was the Anticucho De Carne.  $14 for basically 6 oz of over cooked tough beef.  The saving grace was the chimichurii is really good.  I know this one is supposed to be inspired by street food, maybe for $8 this would have been good but not $14.  I usually don't bitch about prices this much but the quality and flavors just don't rate their prices at least for these items. On the good side, the pork taco was very good.  Other than the slightly burned flour tortillas.  Tacos = corn tortillas!!! But the pork inside as great.  That, I could eat more of and this was the best priced item on the menu.  Also the Thai Shrimp Lettuce Wraps were very good.  But there was nothing really Thai about them.  But the chorizo and shrimp were a great combo.  basically what I used get in LA and was called empress pockets but with a twist.   I would come back and have a beer and maybe the lettuce wraps or the taco.  But not really interested in repeating what I had otherwise.
I wanted to love this place, but a recent experience left a bad taste in my mouth. (Pun intended.) Went with a group, got lots of little plates, which all were pretty good, if a bit fussy and not really constructed to share. Got the beers, which were good. Then came dessert. One member of our party got a very pretty chocolate dessert that tasted off. Very off. He sort of fiddled around with it, and we could tell he wasn't enthusiastic about it. Another person (a chef!) tasted it and said "It's off--either spoiled or not made correctly. So, we flagged down the waitress/hostess, and told her. She carted it off, but didn't offer to replace it. We got charged for it. and when we questioned this, she told us that the manager said it had been 1/2 eaten, and thus he had to charge us.  I hope our guest didn't get food poisoning.  I'm stunned that a place needs the $7.00 so badly. I was traveling, but my guests were locals, and they were dismayed. The food is pretty good, but over-priced for a craft beer joint.
A very unique restaurant that is great for meeting friends. They offer great small plates and entrees. I have yet to order something I didn't like. We had a small get together (10 people) and reserved space upstairs and it was very intimate and the server handled our large party extremely well.
Best meal we've had in a long time. Absolutely wonderful food and service. Skirt steak was very tender and flavorful. Grilled duck was very tasty. Portions were generous.  Nice ambiance too!
Amazing meal. Our first-time to Darwin's tonight and we were not disappointed. We tried 3 types of ceviche all great. The lamb chops were cooked perfect as was the skirt steak. Service was great.
Good food and nice beer selection.  Not on the must list, but not on the never again list, either.
One of the top 5 restaurants in Sarasota if you are "open minded" ...has great Peruvian theme blended with a brewery. Food is exceptional, craft beer which is brewed on location is world class but needs to be kept a littler cooler.
Excellent ambiance, service, menu, presentation and cuisine. Highly recommendable. I had the lamb with a side of roasted Brussel's sprouts and the Decero Malbec. Perfect combination!
Love Darwin's, but tonight's sashimi was tough, watery, and tasteless.  Bartenders are ethereally lovely.
Everything we have tried in the two times we've been there has been fantastic!  The braised short ribs seriously melt in your mouth.  The fried plantains are addictive.  The shrimp spring rolls will make you want to burst out in song.  And  the lobster tacos, on a scale of one to ten - are about a 50.  Darwin combines flavors that I have never experienced before in ways that are masterful.  Far and away, the best food in Sarasota.
Service was great and still dreaming about the short ribs. Wife had the cornish hen, and friends had the tuna. Everybody was happy.
I've eaten here several times more. Consistently great food, service and drinks. Highly recommend the caipirinha! Still one of my favorites in Sarasota.
The drinks are fine, a little pricy, a big fan for their music!!!! Decent place to hang in Sarasota.
Excellent trendy Peruvian food. We were there on the opening night and the food was amazing. Their own brewed beer is also a plus. A place to love!
Great waiters and waitresses but the portions are tapas-- so they are small. Intimate bar area that is great for conversation.
Excellent food from the appetizers, to the main courses to the desserts.  I had the braised short ribs with risotto which was spectacular!  Beautiful restaurant and great service as well.  We will definitely be coming back here!
My wife and I brought our daughter (foodie) to Darwin's on a neighbor's recommendation.  We had a great time.  Darwin's food and service were among the best in Sarasota, a city full of good restaurants. We had the Mahi special and the short ribs.  Both were well prepared and presented and the food tasted great.   What also made our dinner fun was our server who had a great knowledge of the menu and a sense of humor to boot. As Arnold says, "we'll be back".
Yesterday was my honey's birthday. We searched a few menus online of restaurants that we've heard great things about and ultimately decided on dining at Darwin's to celebrate. We arrived to find a very cool looking building.  Inside was dim, with romantic lighting and beautiful attention to detail in everything from the ceiling, draped in rich colored fabrics hanging from wrought iron fencing, rustic lamps, woven placemats, all the way to the awesome open kitchen where we could watch the chefs make their magic happen. We were warmly welcomed, first by the hostess and then by our waiter. He told us that hand-crafting beer was one of their specialties- but neither of us are really beer drinkers. That said, the descriptive menu was so appealing that I felt like I had to at least have a taste or two- and our waiter was more than happy to oblige. I tasted the pumpkin spice and their signature beer, and while I'm still not really a fan of beer in general, I can understand that there are different notes and flavors to be appreciated just like with wine. We looked over the menu, full of very appealing choices, and had a chat with our  waiter about his favorites. Apparently, he pretty much loves everything there- and had a lot of excitement in describing a few of them. We decided to share a bunch of appetizers rather than limiting ourselves to just 2 entrees. We are always happy to share plates (just another reason why I love him) and agree on just about everything food-wise- which really isn't difficult since we both love eating. The bus-boy brought out a few little popover-type rolls- they were almost identical to the ones they serve at Derek's Culinary Casuals, just down the street, so I (wrongly) assumed that perhaps the chefs were buddies from culinary school. Very soon after, our first 3 choices arrived and were presented beautifully- full of color, texture and creativity. The first was the Yuzu butter poached lobster taco: Miso-truffle black bean puree, avocado, pico de gallo, soft flour tortilla. It had generous pieces of lobster claw meat and that bean puree was incredible- smooth and just the right amount of truffle oil. The tortillas were fluffy and fresh. It was the perfect amount for 2 people- one taco each, and just delicious. The 2nd was the Limi chopped salad: Spring mix, romaine lettuce, tomato, onions, avocado, choclo, black beans, queso fresco, orange chipotle vinaigrette. It had been recommended to us by a co-worker of Gabriel's so we felt we better try it. It was colorful and filled with fresh produce, beans and queso fresco to make a refreshing combination. That said, it didn't blow us away as something all that special- but it was still a nice, light compliment to our other, heavier dishes. I could see ordering it for lunch with another app and feeling like it was the perfect light meal. Our 3rd plate was the Octopus Tiradito: Sashimi-style tender octopus, black olive puree, onions, avocado, toasted bread. Octopus is Gabriel's favorite so we had to try it. It was tender, but not as melt-in-your-mouth as we have had it on a few occasions. The olive tampenade was an interesting contrast that I didn't think would work, but in reality was quite tasty in and a cool texture along with with the chewier meat and soft, creamy avocado. After those first 3 dishes, we wanted something salty and crunchy and were excited to see tostones on the 'sides' menu. (So sorry that we dove into these and polished them off before I remembered I hadn't taken a photo!) They are one of my favorite snacks when done right and these absolutely were. Wow. Hot, crispy, just the right amount of batter and with a wonderful, herby, chimichurri-type dipping sauce alongside. These were really awesome, and as a classic, authentic Peruvian dish, I'm sure that Darwin has had these under his belt for a while. Finding genuine, ethnic food in Sarasota never ceases to amaze and surprise me. I should really stop doubting how many fantastic restaurants hosted by talented chefs this area offers. We wanted one more small dish to end this awesome meal and so we asked our waiter one more time for a recommendation. He told us that the Tuna Tiradito was not to be missed. It is Darwin's signature Sashimi-style tuna, ginger soy sauce, cubes of fresh watermelon, leche de tigre. I'm SO glad that we listened to his advice because this ended up being my favorite of the night. The sweet, cool, juicy watermelon was a fantastic contrast to the tender, fresh, raw, tuna and the lemony sauce that came alongside was a tart compliment to the whole dish. It was beautifully presented and tasted even better than it looked. We were about to ask to see a dessert menu when our attentive waiter, Enrique, showed up with a surprise 'Happy Birdday' dessert for Gabriel. Yes, birdday. Ummm. Cute mistake. The dessert was the Lavender Poached Pear with Goat cheese ice cream, black pepper caramel sauce. Visit big fork in mouth dot com to read the rest of this review!
Darwin's raises the bar for restaurants in Sarasota. I expect restaurants of their caliber in Northern California or NY, but not FL. It is great to see that someone has finally stepped up and brought us a restaurant worth bragging about. The entire dinner was perfect from ambiance to food, and the Mojito's are perfect. We will definitely be going back for more.
Atmosphere was great... Very tasty food. Make sure to try the Mojito.  The desserts were unusual but very good
This place is great.  I really like the inside, an old castle feeling.  The wait staff is pretty quick and attentive.  The food is very good.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
The ceviche here had a very slimey texture, as if it hadn't been "cooked" in the lime juice as thoroughly as it should. As a Peruvian, I can attest to the average food being sold at exorbitant prices. Also, for some odd reason, I was poured sparkling water (without asking for it) and then charged for the bottle, whilst neither me nor my date like sparkling water. Conversely, the calamari was unique and flavorful, however, the small portions and high prices still ensure I will not be returning to Darwin's when there are so many other better Peruvian restaurants in Sarasota with better food, bigger portions, and lower prices.
Selva with 20% less pretension.  Outstanding food.  Octopus appy perfectly done.  Great skirt steak.  Consistently good.  Can it be that 2 of the top 10 joints in Sarasota are Peruvian?
Lomitio al jugo was delicious.  A bit over priced but food presentation was top notch.  Micro brews I tried were just okay. One was dark and one was light.  Can take it or leave it.
food was great.  Their tap water was aweful as it tasted sulphurous.  We were forced to get bottled water.  Cerviches were wonderful with very complex, tasty flavor.  One suggestion to them would be that they should work on their tap water.
foodies come here. done and done.
I know I was there on a Monday night when most restaurants give there chefs/kitchen staff the night off, but what a disappointment! Where to start? Upon arrival, reservation could not be found (although restaurant was 75% empty). Waitress was on her game and answered all questions in a timely manner. Drinks arrived in a reasonable time. First course was good with one being over salted Then came entrees, 4 of 5 came out on time with one person waiting. The host finally brought the last, with apologies. It was so salty, it was inedible. My tongue is still burning. Others in group felt that "it was OK ", "the worst meal I have had in Sarasota". They did remove the one entree from the bill and comped dessert. Staff from managers, hosts, wait staff need to up their game. If this is the best they have to offer when basically empty, what happens when this place is rushed?
This place is great. Unique, flavorful and comfortable yet nice enough for a business meal. I will be back.
Had a group of 3 couples and chose Darwins on 4th for our dinner.  The evening was fun all around and was made even better by the great server.  I ordered the Caesar salad and found it to be a little different but delightful with fried plantains as crutons and a very tangy dressing.  I also had the Tuna and Watermelon appetizer which was out of this world.  Great quality tuna and the watermelon and soy dressing went together nicely.  For dinner I had the short ribs with rizotto and it was awesome!  I would definitely dine here again and might even get the ribs again as they were out of sight!  Thanks for a great evening!
The food, service and wine were all outstanding.  Great atmosphere, seems good for dates.  The short ribs were to die for.. perfectly done and very flavorful.  Also try to pork taco.. delicious.  The banana flan chutney could have been better, but other than that.. everything was great.
Great food, craft beer and service. Small portions and expensive. Go for happy hour! 5-7
Excellent Peruvian influenced food in an interesting setting. On our recent visit to Sarasota, our friends took us to Darwin's on 4th, one of their favorite restaurants. The dark wood interior gives the bar area a warm feeling and compliments the beer brewing vats which you can see behind glass enclosures. We were immediately attended to and water and cocktails followed soon thereafter. The waitress was especially helpful explaining some of the more "exotic" dishes on offer. The salads were fresh, the interestingly presented main courses were delicious and we couldn't resist the deserts. A must try when you're in Sarasota.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. Can't say enough about it. Amazing food and great people that work there.
Great food in an informal but very attractive setting. They brew their own beer and a beer sampler (5 glasses of very different beers, from a choice of maybe a dozen, for $14) is fun--even if you're drinking wine with dinner. I had the short ribs with risotto and loved it. Fall-off-the-fork tender and rich sauce. The chocolate "creme brûlée" was worth the plane fare to Sarasota. Also try The Cottage, on Siesta Key, which these owners are connected to. You'll be startled at how good the food is there--at what looks like a beachside bar. The best steamed clams.
The chef never ceases to amaze. I have had the skirt steak and the beef kabobs, both had incredible, yet simple flavoring. The parmasean papas were delicious as well as the plantain chips with chimicurri. For dessert i had some type of chocolate shell with milk chocolate and dark chocolate moose inside. Their cocktails are yummy too. I would eat here for every meal if my budget would allow.
Food is always wonderful but a bit loud....
This restaurant was great!  Our group of 5 sat upstairs and had a really lovely time.  The hosts were really lovely however the service otherwise left something to be desired.  We all enjoyed the live music that was playing on a Saturday night.  Just a few tips, they should have background music when the live music is off since there was awkward silence.  The food was really great, my only complaint was it all came out at separate times and my food came out last and was cold.  I realize we were upstairs but this really shouldn't happen...BUT I will be back, I will eat the garlic risotto hot or cold!
Could I have found a new favorite restaurant in Sarasota? Darwin's from the outside looks the perfect upscale eatery. The inside and the food don't disappoint. Started out with the mussels and lobster taco and immediately my taste buds were aroused. Next up the Tuna Turadito and Chifa Ceviche both excellent. Closing up with the braised short ribs paired with an exclusive Darwin's matching brew. This new Sarasota restaurant has a great future ahead of it!
Hands down best restaurant in the sarasota area!!! The short ribs & risotto were cooked to perfection, the octopus tiradito was to die for!!! Great beer great sangria! Banana flan yummy!! The open kitchen takes guts! Hats off to chef Darwin!! This place is a culinary dream!!
We loved everything about Darwin's.  The decor, atmosphere, salads and entrees were all terrific. My wife love her cod entree and I loved my NY sirloin. The steak was cooked perfectly without even an ounce of fat. The white truffle fries were to die for and the chopped salad was so tasty that I hardly used any dressing. We will be sure to go back there again soon. For those interested, you can request to sit at the Chef's Table, a large curved table overlooking the kitchen and watch the chef do his thing.
Food and drinks were delicious! Service was excellent too. restaurant was tastefully decorated but it was rather loud and a little too bright in the dining room. The restrooms could also use a facelift.
I went to Darwin's recently with a friend who was in town and loved the vibe, drinks, service and food.  It is a bit pricey but the food was superb so it was worth it. The best part of it for me was the berry acia Cosmo!  I would go again for sure!
To start with, let me inform you that I have been a long time user of yelp and never felt the need to sign up and write a review until tonight. I am someone who does not make a tremendous amount of money but enjoys spending a good deal of it once every two months at an upscale restaurant, this month's venture being to Darwin's. I looked this place up online, downloaded the menu, and read the reviews... it sounded great... not so much. This is a very nice restaurant, and taking out my father and girlfriend that's what I wanted, something classy but not over the top expensive. The menu online had apps between 6 to 15 dollars and mains from the teens up through the high twenties. This was not the case upon our arrival: things were between five to ten dollars more expensive, with the causas, a peruvian dish that might as well be called BS mashed potatoes, costing more than twice their advertised price. I couldn't back out once I got there, not a good move in front of the beautiful woman I was trying to impress, but certainly I felt tricked and bamboozled by their website. Their main courses were good, certainly not spectacular for their price; the appetizers were an extreme rip off. The causas were glorified mashed potatoes with barely any filling and not much taste or seasoning, the hot sauce they came with though was rather good. The main courses were all very tasty, though still at much higher prices than on their website. One complaint about the main courses was that my father's Cornish game hen came with brussel sprouts that were more black than green. I think it shows  a tremendous amount of disrespect for a chef at a restaurant at this price to send out a pile of what was essentially charred/mostly burned brussel sprouts. Last but not least two final points, there is a five dollar fee for any split plates, a ridiculous charge at a restaurant in this location (rent that is cheap as it gets) and at this price point, and the music being played changed during the course of our meal from light jazz to thumping and bumping club music, not quite what you'd expect. And, so you don't think me cruel, let me comment quickly on the waitstaff: they were superb, they answered questions thoughtfully, were tremendously attentive, and dealt with complaints with aplomb. After a nice meal I like to feel like my meager salary as a teacher has been well spent, here I felt that they squeezed me for every last dollar they could get out of me, and this is from a not too infrequent guest at fine and expensive eating establishments.
wow, this is a great place. weve been twice in the last 2 weeks and have been impressed by the creativity of the chef, high quality ingredients, tasty cocktails, and excelllent service. i travel all over the world and eat out frequently. Ill put darwins on my "must go to when in sarasota" list
Ok.... Where to start.... We ordered duck, chicken and ribs.... I cannot describe the delicious flavors that graced my palette this lovely evening in Sarasota at Darwin's. All I can say is 5 stars. Don't be a complete fool and miss this place. If you are in Sarasota, this is a must do restaurant. Our favorite was the chicken but there were no bad plates. Enjoy people, enjoy.
Tried Darwin's for our wedding anniversary last Saturday night.  We got there a little early so we could have a drink at the bar before dinner.  When we first came in and let the hostess know that we were there, we asked, if possible, that we be seated at a quiet, intimate table as it was our anniversary.  45 minutes later, after a horribly sour sangria at the bar, we went back to the hostess to tell her that we were ready to be seated for our reservation.  It seemed that a table wasn't ready and she asked if we would mind sitting at the "chef's table", which she pointed over to a bar overlooking the chef cooking.  (That, apparently, is a quiet, intimate table.) We said that we would rather not sit there, but at a regular table.  She brought us upstairs and sat us at a table that had a table card on it for a reservation, which she removed from our table and put it in another.   The table was in a great spot on the balcony overlooking the 1st floor, but amongst a very large party.  The table card that she removed from our table and moved to another, was for their group.  (OUT with the Grls)  Slightly awkward.  20 minutes later, still no waiter to take our drinks, etc.  Finally, my husband got up and asked a waiter coming up the stairs if he could help us out.  He wasn't our waiter, but said he could.  I think his name was "Steve" and he was super nice.   Now to the food...We started with the mixto ceviche, beef ceviche and the lobster tacos.  The mixto ceviche was so acidic that it was just about inedible.  Way too much citrus.  My husband, who rarely turns his nose up at food, agreed.  The beef ceviche was swimming in some kind of brown sauce that made it look very much like wet dog food.  That really skeeved me out. The lobster tacos were ok.  My husband ordered the prime rib entree which came with truffle fries and he said that was good.  I had the sea bass which was undercooked.  There's nothing worse than a thick piece of fish that isn't cooked through.  So, that was our experience, which wasn't a good one.  We took a chance on a special occasion and ended up disappointed.
We decided to try out Darwin's after hearing great things from others in the area. We had been here back when it was the Mad Crow and weren't super impressed with the food...but aside from the layout - Darwin's is completely different. We each had an appetizer, drink, and entree and everything was delicious. They had some of the best brewpub beers we have had (and we are kind of a bunch of beer snobs). The Cesar salad was a delicious change from the average - full of manchego cheese and plantain chips. The pork tacos were some of the best we have ever had. I opted for the braised short ribs and was not disappointed. My husband had the fish special - crab crusted mahi - he joined the clean plate club on that one. Overall, a wonderful experience. We sat at the chefs table and enjoyed watching Chef Darwin plate all of the meals with precision and focus. We would definitely return on our next visit.
Located a block away from a homeless shelter (keep in mind when self parking), this location looks as if its nestled within Sarasota's Art District...if they had ine that is.  I came here on a weekend getaway, attempting to escape from S. Florida, with many expectations and preconceived notions in mind. The location was nice, a large bar is immediately in view as soon as you walk in with live music playing near a small corner "stage" area.  The hostess and server area is tucked on the adjacent corner.  Decor was contemporary antique (kindof like an oxymoron but it works well in this scenario).  The main seating area is arranged around the kitchen as the centerpiece.  This actually works well, and has a great feel to it.  Dates will definitely be impressed with the ambiance.   For starters, I opted not to eat ceviche, which I regret now writing this as it may have swayed an additional star thinking it would've been their strong point.   Yelp had this restaurant classified as Contemporary Peruvian and Cuban Cuisine. ..keep that in mind in reference to this review.   We ordered the Chicharon Calimar along with the wings (the only remotely kid friendly choice) which was for my daughter.  For drinks I had the flight assortment of four 5oz craft beer selections and a Caipirinha.  The micro brews were decent,  nothing to rave about.  The Caipirinha arrived in a tall 90's pina colada glass with a sliced lime.  The presentation of the drink was lacking mint leaves and flavor.  The main reason I ordered it was because a previous yelper raved about it saying it was the best in the city.  Either he had some botched drinks in the past or the city truly lacks a decent Caipirinha .  I was completely disappointed.   For reference bartender, go to Sugarcane Grill in Miami to take notes and lessons.  This may wow the Gringo over 50 crowd, but not the new, young, experienced foodies. The Chicharon Calimar was nicely seasoned and fried, however it wasnt done in a crunchy "chicharon" fashion, so I'd advise changing the name.  It was paired with a sweet chili sauce and a tangy tarter.  Good selection of calamari, but it was a little in the small side. The wings were ok, more chicharoned aka "crunchy charr-fried" than the calimari..go figure.  My daughter opted to eat my calamari and I was stuck with her wings.  Its what daughters are for. For the entrée's we had the Skirt Steak and the BBQ Guava Salmon.  First on to the steak.  The steak was grilled to perfection.  Nice texture and flavor, proportionately red and soft.  The only drawback was the abundance of chimichurri sauce sitting atop the meat, which threw off the natural flavor of the steak.  Look at the picture for reference.  The steak sat atop a bed of platano maduros drizzled with a chopped beet relish.  The maduros were good, nothing out of this world, but there were too many on the plate which masked the quantity of meat.  The beet relish was a good accompanying item.   The BBQ Guava Salmon was next.  It sat atop a potato puree with collard greens.  Yuck!  The guava sauce didnt do the salmon justice.  The portion was hearty but the salmon still had the ocean taste to it.  It should have been smoked or cooked on some sort of plank for full flavor.  The collard greens threw it off more.  Being a latin fusion establishment,  why add collard greens?  This isnt a soul food establishment and greens are meant as cheap food.  Once again, you can probably wow a Gringo but not a Latino.  The only reasin I ate it was to not waste $27 and the tab was running like cab fare for this experience.   I was presented with a desert menu shortly afterwards but the choices were uninspiring.   Creme brulee, tres leches, fruits, mousse and a banana flan were the choices.  A banana flan?? I had to pass.  Ive had flan de leche, coco, guava and mango.  Not once in my hundresds of outings have ive seen a banana flan.  Not something an inspiring Cuban would prepare.  I settled for the expresso which was watered down compared to regular expresso.  Another side note, if your touting as a Cuban spot and not offer a cafesito or anything remotely related, your fooling your clientele.   Anither huge miss.  Not sure if any of the 101 reviewers actually spend time eating in quality esrablishments in Miami.
I've been several times and never been overly impressed or let down by the quality of food. I'd say its ok .....I can't say the same for the service, I waited for what seemed like forever for my food, it was 45 min, the waitress actually asked if we were ready for our check before our food ever got to the table, clearly she forgot to put the order in and I still was expected to pay full price (bad customer service). After 45 min, offered a check before food the food should be comped, that's horrible customer service! The only reason I go is if a friend wants to eat here otherwise there is better food and service elsewhere. Tip: eat something before you go in case they forget about you.
I thought the food was pretty good. Happy hour calamari and Peruvian salad were good but the pork tacos were mediocre at best. The pork was cold, fatty and lacked flavor. Bartender was a nice gentleman and had this rum punch special that was strong but super fruity and delicious. Overall, cool place to get dinner or happy hour drinks/apps
This is what a gastro pub should be. Brew beer onsite, amazing food to go with that beer. They also have "fried" corn kernels as a bar snack, just awesome. Servers are friendly, engaging and helpful. Really nice space as well.
Yelp has poor information as they are closed on Sundays. I went back on Monday evening. Holy cow this place was amazing. Pork taco and Ceviche for appetizers! Order two of each and you have an amazing meal to split. Had the skirt steak and sea bass....WOW! Love Yelp as I haven't been let down yet.
Let me start by saying that Darwin's is quite pricy, and I'm not entirely sure it's worth the price.  But for me, going there for special ocassions is well worth it as I have only had transcendent experience the few times i've been there. The pros: - The decor is beautiful, simply beautiful. - The pork taco was so good I yipped when I first took a bite. - The arroz con pato (duck with risotto) was too much, I mean, I was dying. - The skirt steak with plantains melted in my mouth. - I don't remember the beer i've had there but it was always good and surprisingly reasonably priced for microbrews. The red wine I've had has a paired well with my meals. The cons: -The service has always been efficient, not unfriendly but not friendly.  With the prices people are paying, I suggest they aim for warm and friendly vs aloof and efficient. - As delish as the food is there, it's still too pricey for me. However it remains my go-to place for when I have guests from out of town or for when I want to dress up for a special occasion.
Love, love, love the happy hour small plates. A great way to try and assortment of yummy items. Show up early in season because this place gets packed!
If you don't go here, you are cheating yourself. Darwins was confusing and somewhat intimidating at first. We walked in and there was a jazz band playing and we were not sure what the usual "protocol" was. I felt underdressed. We found the hostess stand tucked away to the left and asked if we could just sit at a bar table (not in the dining room). The hostess was SUPER nice and helped us. The waitress seemed less than trilled about life, but we have returned many, many times after and never had a problem again. In fact, I think that server is gone now, as I never saw her again. As probably one of the youngest and most successful people in the area, I can say that it is a home away from home now. I'm not a flashing guy all the time. Many is the time that I spend all day in the studio in workout clothes and simply want some great vegetarian food and a beer of higher quality than a bud light. The decor makes me feel like I am in Spain or Peru. The bands never play too loud, which actually keeps me there longer and allows me to actually listen to them. The quality of the musicians are top notch. Michelle at the bar is a big reason why we return. She always welcomes us after a hard day at work, despite not being in a suit jacket and/or being 55+. There is also a guy with a shaved head who I believe is the bar back. He is quiet, but is always VERY respectful and great when he waited on us. The floor staff within the bar section has been great. The food is awesome. The papas-fritas (sp?) are filling and great. The asparagus tacos seemed too funky for me...then I took a bite...I fell...in...love. They are awesome. The Morone (sp?) dark beer is a standard favorite and back around winter time they had some nice stouts/porters that were good and reminded me of my former home (and craft beer/micro brew mecca): Seattle. This place helped me ease away from missing Seattle. It's a great place to hear jazz and escape a cold winter day and/or a boring rainy day. My only complaint is that as it gets nicer out, I find myself opting for other places that have a little more sunlight. I love the undertones of the gothic -romantic vibe of this place for colder months, but I'm not sure I will come here as much as I did in the winter. I have never had a bad moment here, as in my girlfriend getting hit on or the bar staff putting up with some bar fly bully. That kind of stuff doesn't happen here. No rowdy drunks here. Great place for a date or some non "bro" nightlife.
The burger was awesome.   To bad the three of us that had the brazed short ribs didn't select the much tastier, less expensive option that our teenager selected.    Very disappointed. Manager came over to apologize as all three of the adults didn't eat their entrée then took one of the three brazed beefs off the check.   If it was bad remove all three.   The waitress treated us like we had the plague afterword. From prior review, bar still needs a good cleaning, smells like a ship captains arm pit after two weeks at sea. Replace water filter in kitchen, tap water tastes like tin
Food is great!  Real jamaican atmosphere.   The owner is making rounds just to make sure everything is going well.   That's how personable the place is.  Will return again and again.   I found my caribean island in Florida
I had the short ribs and they were AMAZING!! Absolutely love this place. Can't wait to go back.
My review is probably a bit different than others because I've only ever gone during happy hour, and I've only ever had food from the happy hour menu. From 5-7p.m., Darwin's is one of the cheapest places for incredible food you can find anywhere. When we go with a group, usually up to 4, we all get different appetizers like Fried Calimari, Pork Tacos, Lima Chopped Salad, and others. Most are under 6 dollars and the portions are entree sized (in my opinion). Though they seem to have upped their happy hour food prices a couple dollars recently, perhaps because of people like us. They're also a great brewery and my alcoholically-inclined peers tell me that the specialty beers they have from 5-7 are amazing. Considering the normal dinner menu items are anywhere from 15-30$...just go during happy hour. Unless you have a good paying job. I hear it's just a great place all-around.
Mixed ceviche was excellent Wings were fantastic and original Skirt steak is a must with a cab sauv Goat cheese ice cream with pear and black pepper was interesting as well $83 before tip Would definitely go back
Highlight of our dining experiences while in Sarasota for this visit. From the moment we sat down to when we put down our dessert spoons the experience was fab. We had an attentive waiter who was happy to help with questions or give recommendations. We started by sharing two flights of beer to get through the majority (7 of the 10!) of the brew offerings which were all delicious to these beer connoisseurs. For an app we started with the shrimp in a spicy sauce which my fiance wanted to slurp up with a spoon. For entrees we had the skirt steak with chimichurri and fried plantains and then the malbec braised short ribs with truffle chive risotto. The short ribs/risotto were heavenly and the bite I snagged from the other dish was just as tasty. The flavors were very rich yet balanced. We barely saved room for dessert and ended up sharing the tres leches cake with strawberries which hit the spot - not to sweet which was a nice way to finish off our evening indulgence. I am telling everyone I know to come to Darwins when they visit Sarasota and can't wait to check out the brewery opening in the spring (I think) next time I'm in town!
Delicious Food! Darwin's Happy Hour : a really good price for amazing food, especially the pork taco.
My husband and I went here last night for a pre-birthday dinner and selected the Savor Sarasota menu. Three courses, somewhat smaller portions, for $29. Wow! Food was fantastic and artfully presented. I even went outside the box and had the craft beer pairing. I'm not normally a beer person but the beers here were very good and complimented the food. Service was friendly and prompt. Music was a trio that played Andean music, but only for an hour. (That could have been longer.) The ceviche was just right, skirt steak and chocolate creme  brûlée were fabulous. I just wish Savor Sarasota menus could be available all year long!
My new favorite restaurant in Sarasota.  Not surprisingly since my prior favorite was the Selva Grill which Darwin owned before selling it and opening Darwin's on 4th. We had the 3 ceviche sampler to start choosing the mixto, tuna and wahoo.  All three were marvelous but the tuna and watermelon was easily the standout.  We also had the lobster taco and the duck with ravioli.  Again each dish was great but very different.  The taco was light vibrant and very tasty while the duck was subtle and very rich - especially the ravioli it came with. All in all it was a fantastic meal made all the better by sitting at the Chef's table and watching the cooks prepare the food.
The meal was fantastic! Every course was perfect. The atmosphere was indigenous to Peru and surrounding areas. We had the pork chop, short ribs and the sea bass. The flavors were AMAZING!  We can say collectively, as a group of four, the entire meal was great! The only drawback, and lack of fifth star, was the service. Our server was nice but too pushy. I'm a crazy person when it comes to timing and attentiveness. Our server just stood there as we debated over what drinks to get. We had just been seated and just handed the drink menu... My advice, since you are considered an upscale, trendy restaurant consider your clientele and time your courses accordingly. Let people enjoy their meal and their company.
First of all, it's a great space -- old building, stripped to the outer walls and reappointed inside with curtains and copper and wood. Very cozy. Next, they brew their own beer -- and some nice ales, to boot! Then they have a great happy hour menu, with beer, sangria, wine, and cocktails -- as well as small plates for a great price. And finally, they have live music while all this is going on. We loved the place, service was good, and the food -- ceviche, pork tacos, mussels, burger, chicken skewers, truffle fries was GREAT! We'll be back... PS -- We got a little scared when the same guitarist (Brian Spainhower) we listened to at lunch at the Hub showed up to play flamenco guitar at Darwin's (was he stalking us?), but the quality of music allayed our fears! LOL...
Came here for valentines day dinner, and to this day I continue to dream about the delicious dinner we had. I had the churrasco which was to die for. My mouth is watering. It was served with sweet plantains. The wine was great as always. We did order a side of tostones which were a bit disappointing but the meal was so delicious I didn't even care. Come on a night you don't have a tight budget and are in the mood for a very nice dinner. So yummy! Can't wait to go back
What an amazing dining experience.!! We sat at the chef's table and were not only in awe of the masterful preparation of the food, but the culinary creations were delicious, fresh and plentiful. The braised short ribs were incredibly tender and flavorful and the mista ceviche and shrimp spring rolls were perfection!!!! We will definitely return and will certainly recommend Darwin's to others!!
SO GLAD we stopped by here for Happy Hour! Located just off the edge of downtown, Darwin's on 4th is tucked away in the most beautiful building! Romantic and cozy spots all throughout the restaurant. There's beautiful lights, paintings... everything just comes together to make this place special. You feel like you're almost dining in an old world castle. Service was attentive and knew their menu well. For Happy Hour, we ordered a bunch of little things to share. Parmesan truffle fries are a must for anyone who likes fries. Perfectly fried, fat wedges to make anyone happy. Tostones were good. Nothing out of the ordinary, but very good. The pork tacos were delicious!! Juicy charred tomatillo salsa mixed with the pork. Ugh, I wanted more! The boyfriend got the sirloin steak burger on the menu. Great deal for $10! The burger was huge! And came with a side of various chips (yucca, plantain, etc.). I splurged and got Chef Darwin's Skirt Steak. YUMMMM~! Covered in beet relish and chimichurri sauce. Perfectly seasoned steak. It almost makes me sad I wasn't born and raised Peruvian. For beers, they have a cute little brewery set up on the side of the restaurant. Order a flight for $10 and sample up to 4 different kinds.
My husband and I had a wonderful Peruvian dinner here. We made a reservation about 20 minutes before arriving on OpenTable and was seated immediately even though there was a wait. The ambiance is perfection. A lovely live band, perfect lighting and 3 separate dining areas. We were seated on the second floor which gave us romantic privacy but also allowed us to overlook the entire restaurant. We started with the classic ceviche and fried calamari. Both were excellent. For dinner I had the skirt steak with plantains and chimichurri and hubs had the seafood paella. His dish was devoured in about 5 minutes and then he joined me in finishing my plate. Overall, it was an excellent dinner, a little pricey but definitely worth it!
This place is totally cool. I love the atmosphere here. It's very pricey though and it is European-sized portion for you heavy eaters. I question whether this cuisine is truly Pervucian b/c there's sushi as a side dish to one of the entrees. If you're looking for a truly Peruvian meal, then go to Inkanto (though the atmopshere there is not an impressive). I've had two different fish entrees, but the Atun was easily the best. I don't think I enjoyed mine nearly as much as my boyfriend who gets the beef entrees. What this place has going for it, even above the food, is the atmosphere. Lovely Peruvian decor, elegant fixtures, impressive open layout. This place would impress a date, but it's not all that intimate, though it is fun. Service has been consistently good.
Drove all the way from Punta Gorda just to try it.  When we arrived, it was closed. Both the website and Yelp indicates it was open on Sundays. A wasted trip. Update your website to reflect correct hours. Sounded like a good place but to drive an hour plus each way for nothing?
I arrived at Darwin's a little early in the evening and was able to take advantage of their happy hour prices, so I tried two different house beers. The Marron brown ale was smooth and malty, with a strange sort of tangy aftertaste. Ayawasca was very sweet and alcoholic, but oddly flat. Both were interesting but not impressive enough to want to order them again. I did get a sip of a friend's Decimation (their strongest house brew) and was very impressed with it, though. I would recommend going with that one. For my entree, I ordered the NY strip steak with parmesan fries. It was artfully plated, and the fries and sauces were nice, but my steak (which I ordered medium) was unfortunately overdone. That's something I can easily forgive if the entree costs less than $29, but... I will say that the ambiance is excellent (though our large and somewhat noisy party may have ruined it), the wait staff were on point. You could do a lot worse than Darwin's if you want to have a relatively classy night out in Sarasota. Interesting note: this is probably because we had such a large party, but I noticed that our bills all included a 20% gratuity automatically, but still had a blank space in which to write a tip. This might be standard practice; just thought it was worth mentioning since it caught some of our group by surprise.
Me and My girlfriend found this place on Yelp and decided it looks good for a nice couples dinner. It turned out to be phenomenal. My GF ordered New England Clam Chowder and the Salmon Dish, and I ordered the Pork Belly and Duck Shoulder. It was amazing, service was just as good, and my favorite part; the kitchen is open so you can see what the chefs are cooking. This restaurant was a favorite and will be visited again.
One of the better restaurants in SRQ.  Admittedly a bit pricey, but that's why the good lord hath given us groupon and living social. This was our second foray to Darwin's.  The first time I came with my girlfriend was enjoyable and we both wanted to try other items on the menu.  So, we came back. Going to start with the service.  For once I remembered the server's name (I never can).  Enrique was fantastic.  Easy to remember since he used to bartend at locations around Sarasota, but ignoring the fact that I already knew him, he was like an encyclopedia of knowledge about the menu.  A server who takes his profession seriously and ensures he knows all there is to know about the food.  Service was superb. As for the food - this is another Peruvian restaurant in Sarasota (one of my more recent reviews was of Inkanto, also in Sarasota).  I like Inkanto better for the food, Darwin's better for the atmosphere, and the service at both was excellent.  But while I would choose Inkanto for the food, that shouldn't take anything away from Darwin's.  It is still excellent and deserving of 5 stars. I don't recall what I got my first time, but this time I got the Malbec Braised Short Ribs.  They were perfect.  Tender, juicy, falling apart like they should, served with a malbec wine sauce over risotto, that was also perfect.  Mouth is watering just thinking about it.  My girlfriend got the Arctic Char, and thoroughly enjoyed her's, too, but I didn't taste it, so you'll have to read her review. My only complaint was that their bread sucks.  Tiny little rolls like you'd get at Red Lobster, only these aren't cheesy.  Their more like puff pastries.  Full of air and no taste.  A good place that has awesome bread service will be raised a notch, but I am not going to take any credit away from Darwin's over their bread.  Everything else was too good. We'll be back.
Darwin's has a nice ambiance and good service, but we were a bit underwhelmed by the food and the house craft beers especially given the rating. The crab appetizer we had was nicely presented, but kind of bland. The recommended short ribs were overcooked. The cornish hen dish was ok as well was the burger. The problem is the prices are gourmet quality, so one should expect nothing but excellence. The house made craft beers are kind of bland and flat. The best is a high alcohol beer called Decimation. Darwin's is a decent place to eat but the food could be better given the prices. If the prices were more reasonable, I would be more forgiving on the rating.
I lost count on number of times my friends recommended Darwin's on 4th to me. I finally had an evening to get out of work a bit early, stop at the beach and get to Darwin. I fell in love with true South American cuisine during my travels, and Peruvian flavors of Darwin were calling to me. It has traditional dishes, but with modern twist and Chef Darwin personal creativity. Chefs table/counter is fun to sit at - you watch them work their magic, pans all lined up, stoves fired, plates waiting for food, and all of them moving around the line in choreographic precision. Really, really cool. Darwin's menu is on pricey side, but it is well worth it. Dishes are true to the culture, flavors are complex and ingredients are fresh. I found my beloved Pisco sour with ginger on drinks menu, and was happy as a clam waiting for my food to come out, waching Chefs working and listening to the music. Little puffy breads they start you with are nice to nibble on - they are like profiteroles without filling, light and fluffy. The Mixto ceviche was a delight - all ingredients working together very well, flavors are strong but balanced. Cuzco corn was a nice touch. The skirt steak with chimichurri sauce... Oh, that's the magic right there! You know how hard to find the place that makes GOOD chimichurri??? Smooth, tasty, with cilantro added on top of it... Bite of medium rare steak, with a bit of that - with side of caramelized plantains, and beet relish - heaven on the plate. Lastly, the dessert - artfully presented, chocolaty smooth goodness of Darwin's Brulee. Oh, yes! Darwin's is absolutely must for special occasions dinner, or just fun time out! Loved every bite.
Fun place with many delicious flavors to taste from the menu.  We did not want to be in the middle of the action - live band and dancing on the main floor - so we sat in the mezzanine/balcony area.  We could still enjoy the music from upstairs but could also hear each other speak.  Great time - highly recommended as a stop when downtown.
Love the vegetarian asparagus app and the skirt steak !  Decent wine selection too.. Bit crowded on Friday and Saturday night so make a reservation
Darwin's was fantastic! When dining there are three elements to the experience:  food, atmosphere, and service.  And in all three categories Darwin's excelled. We started with the shrimp spring rolls which had a hint of chili but were not spicy hot, instead highlighting and allowing the delicate shrimp, aioli, and pine nut flavors to come through.  It was a wonderful appetizer with our ample cocktails. We all dined on lamb, my companions with the lamb chops off the menu, served with roasted onions and a divine whipped parsnip; and I with a lamb loin special, served with a cheesy chili risotto and roasted Brussels sprouts.  The sauce for the lamb was amazing, and the copious fresh rosemary made for an aromatic blend. All the while we were tended to by three busboys (and a few others), all directed by our delightful and energetic waitress Rachel.  The manager Matt was charming and came to check on us, and since we had had a lovely conversation, he made an effort to bid us farewell.   Since we were having such an amazing meal and savoring the decor and atmosphere, we decided desserts were in order, and ended up with a clever chocolate creme brulee, and a selection of four sorbets, both desserts topped with fresh berries.   The background music was intriguing but not loud, and the din of other guests was upbeat, but again, not loud (we do not like noisy restaurants). We loved the occasional flame and the hum of the open kitchen. The naysayers on here just don't get fine dining.  If you're not prepared to eat a full meal and not look at the prices, then this is not the spot for you.  The rest of you adventurous, world-class diners, you are in for a treat! I cannot wait to return to Darwin's on my next trip to Sarasota:  It will now be the first reservation that I make for dinner.
We stopped by here for Happy Hour on a whim. Ambiance: When we walked in, my first impression was that this place seemed cozy and cool. The decor is an interesting mix of Spanish revival, modern industrial, and old world style. It seemed really welcoming to me, somewhere that I could hang out for awhile. Booze: If you are into Artisan beers (or starting to get into them, I don't claim to be an expert ;) ), you need to check this place out. We each ordered a flight for $10 (4 samples). I enjoyed every one of them. My favorite beer was the Charapa. It is made with Cacao nibs, Aji Charapita peppers, annatto, and Orange Blossom honey. OMGGGGG it was soooo good! A really smooth interesting stout-esque beer with a spicy finish. My second favorite was the Chicha- made with purple corn, pineapples, and spices. If you like lighter beer with a hint of sweetness, this one if for you! Food: I was really pleased to find that there were small plate specials for happy hour. Almost all plates are $4 or $5. We ordered  the parmesan truffle fries and the classic ceviche. Both were delicious! The fries were perfectly fried, stacked Jenga style, served with this spicy light cheese sauce (huancaina sauce). Pleasing to both the mouth and the eye! The ceviche was out of this world- it was served with "Cuzco corn" (a new food for me, it is a really interesting starchy giant corn kernel) and cancha (also something new for me, apparently its toasted Chulpe corn). This dish made me excited to come back and try more Peruvian food!
Darwin's for Yuppies! A place to mingle and tantalize your date for the evening, however, I found this place to be pricey but tasty and in little portions. Reminds me of a beautiful weight watchers' gathering place. They are of Peruvian flare in foods, maybe that explains the portions. I love their decor inside, the settings can accommodate a group or a romantic couple. And the bar reminds me of the old 20's style saloons. The lighting is dimmed and you can have privacy in some seating's. I had the "Lomito Al Jugo" a square tender beef tenderloin with caramelized onions, tomatoes, drizzled with soy sauce and cilantro. With a side of yellow rice and special yucca fries.  Good tasting and left me with room for desert. like the  "Fruit Crepe and banana flavored flan. It is a good place to entertain, bring your credit card.
Really good. Fun craft beers but small glasses based on alcohol content. I had the vegetarian dinner with quinoa and fava beans. Probably needed to mix it up a bit to make it a little more interesting. Maybe the chef wants to experiment with that. Almost no fava beans in it so the chef made me more. So happy about that. My thanks to him. Two in our group had the short ribs and thought the were very good. Not quite up to Indigenous  restaurant the night before they said. My double taco with asparagus, shredded cabbage and a mole type sauce was the favorite part of my dinner. I would recommend it. Fairly expensive if you have 2 drinks each of course!
This was a wonderful restaurant!  I had the famous Enrico as a server and told him he had a fan club on Yelp.  I had a fabulous bottle of wine, great food, good company and exceptional service. My dinner order was actually messed up.  I ordered the dinner special for the evening (was a steak of some kind that sounded good).  It was confusing because I was helping my husband decide at the same time so we both ended up with the skirt steak.  It was awesome so I didn't care. We had mussels as the appetizer and loved those as well. Frankly, I couldn't have asked for a better meal or experience.
Wow!  Visiting from the restaurant mecca of the US (New York), I have to say my expectations weren't extremely high.  To say that I was pleasantly surprised would be a gross understatement.  My girlfriend and I both agreed that Darwin's on 4th provided some of the best food that we've ever had.  The shrimp spring rolls were out of this world and the malbec braised short ribs rank as one of the top entree's I've ever tasted.  Even the wine selection was outstanding! Our server Rick (Enrique) made our evening a touch better and was spot on with his recommendations.   GO HERE IF YOU ARE EVER IN SARASOTA
I wish I could have reviewed the food but we left before eating. We had reservations for 8PM and entered the restaurant at 7:55.  After noticing us and talking to another member of the staff for 30 seconds or so the hostess looked our way, grabbed two menus and started walking towards the main dining room.  After looking at each other for a few seconds my wife and I assumed that we should follow her.  The hostess then stopped in front of a table and sort of gestured at it with the menus - so we sat down.  She dropped the two menus and the drink menu on the table and walked away.  Words spoken: 0 After about 7 minutes or so a busser came by and filled our water glasses up with water, placed the bottle down on the table and walked away.  Words spoken: 0 Another 5 or so minutes later our (I assume) waitress came to our table.  "My name is (name), do you want a drink" - my wife and I ordered two Pisco sours and she then walked away.  Word total so far from 3 people: 9. She came back a couple of minutes later with the Pisco sours, dropped them on the table and walked away.  Still at 9 words here. My wife and I both took a sip of the Pisco sours - and holy crap, they were made out of bottled sour mix.  That's fine at the dive bar down the road, but for $10 in Sarasota I expect fresh juice. My wife and I continued to look through the menus for a while, decided on what we wanted to order and then chatted about our choices.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  And then we started talked about leaving.  And kept discussing it.  And then just gave up. Eventually our waitress came back and asked us if we were ready to order - and we told her that we'd rather just pay for the drinks and leave.  So, with an 'OK, I'll get the bill' (19 words total now!) she walked away.  And so we waited some more.  And some more. 5 more minutes and she drops the bill off.  And leaves again.  And stays gone. After another 5 minutes or so the manager stops by on his tour through the dining room.  Poor guy.  He asked us about how our meal was going and after letting him know that we weren't happy with the drinks, with the service or the lack of communication he was quite taken aback.  He then picks up our check, voids it and comes back to apologize. I appreciate the gesture but my wife and I went to Darwin's because we'd heard of the great food, beer and drinks.  This is truly the first time we've left a restaurant due to issue with the service, but any place that's going to be a $100+ check for a two-top needs to have much higher levels of service than we received from everyone but the manager and the guy who stopped our table from wobbling (thanks dude!) I don't know if our server was having an off night, if they were new or if there were some other issue, but I don't think we'll be giving this place another chance.
Pretty good! I'm holding back a fifth star because my first dinner here was a 5-star but the second only a couple weeks later was unfortunately a 3-star. After the first dinner the second was a disappointment. On my first dinner here I was fortunate to have two sharing friends with me so I had a lot to taste. All was excellent and left me wanting more: Shrimp Spring Rolls and  Oven Roasted Pork Taco to start. We each had a different entree and each was equally delicious: Chef Darwin's Skirt Steak, Pato - Grilled Duck Breast and Malbec Braised Short Ribs. Honestly I couldn't pick one over the others. On my second dinner just a couple weeks later I had a small plate dinner with a girlfriend. The martini's were great but the plates left me feeling not completely satisfied. I had the Poached Lobster Tacos which were actually pretty good however I was expecting a little more for a $14 appetizer. I also ordered the Anticucho De Carne which had the toughest pieces of meat that I could barely chew them. My friend had one dish that I did try which was the Chifa Ceviche. Ceviche by definition is a raw fish marinated in lime or lemon juice to actually cook it. This was not "cooked" at all and merely mixed with coconut juice and spices and served. Although it tasted good to me my friend was expecting a ceviche. If it's not traditional the menu should note that. The dessert was not as good either. I'm being fair with the 4 stars because I am writing this off as an "off" night. I'm looking forward to coming back for another amazing meal like the first.
Caesar salad is so different, but delicious and satisfying. The live music is fun, and the tables are spread out so you have a nice sense of dining with just your table instead of crowds. The steak and fries was perfectly cooked, moist, and exceptionally flavorful with the sauce accompaniments. The sauces come separate which I love. Everything was served with smiles and really great, well trained wait staff. I loved the ceviche app, which was so fresh and flavorful, lime and cilantro. Nice night!
