This fledgling opera company, that is already setting a great tempo for community collaboration, deserve more of a 3.5 starts overall, but I'm excited about the potential that they have and give them 4 stars. Have you ever heard of community opera (like community theater)? Neither had I and if someone had mentioned it to me without seeing it, I wouldn't have believed it. Community Opera, as I am going to call Mosaic, is opera without the stuffiness of your grandparents' opera and without the price ($15, is not too shabby for an evening of opera and modern dance) The performers have exceptional voices and collaborated well with Aoede Consort (a Capital Region Choir) and Nacre Dance Company. I would give the talent of the Mosaic Company members 5 stars if I could base performance on just listening and not watching. Despite the exceptional voices of the company members, several of the stage members lack sufficient performance technique training and dropped character or acted too pedestrian (i.e.: Orpheus should not tritty trot down the stairs, but walk or run with purpose). I saw a production of Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice, which was a collaboration between Mosaic, Aoede Consort, and Nacre Dance Company at Universal Preservation Hall in Saratoga Springs, NY. The dancing was expertly incorporated into an opera that traditionally does not contain modern dance and contributed  to the accessibility of the production and understanding of the story. The venue is an old church that is being restored for performance and receptions and was the perfect space. I love a production that doesn't use a proscenium stage; it brings the production to the audience and makes it more accessible to veteran performing arts patrons and newbies alike. There was interesting use of the space that really brought the production alive and right into the audience's lap. There was some chaos and a few awkward moment that were mostly production related, not performance related (except for my previous comment). I am excited to see this company grow. The website is listed above and they will be collaborating with the dance company on Don Giovanni, Amahl & the Night Visitors, and Christmas Oratorio and non-dance performances of Bravo Bellini and La Boheme in the upcoming year. I am really excited to see what this little Community Opera Company can accomplished given the opportunity and the right management. I recommend this company to anyone who is curious to check out opera and wants a comfortable introduction to the art.
