Honestly, I don't understand some of the poor reviews.  I have eaten at several Vietnamese restaurants (at least 5-6 in South Florida), some of which are very highly rated, and this place was pretty much up there.  The service was very friendly, the place was clean (yes, I used the bathroom and no, it was not dirty), although the decor inside the restaurant was rather bland.  It's also conveniently located on the strip where several hotels and motels are all found, not too far from the downtown either.  Parking was easy and the place was not too crowded.   For my lunch, I ordered the curry chicken with angel hair noodles, which came with lettuce, cucumbers, pickled carrot, mint leaves and side of fish sauce, topped with ground peanut and fried onion.  It was delicious, very flavorful and tender.  Adding some chili and garlic sauce really brought out the flavors.  My friend had some sort of stir fried entree and enjoyed it as well.  He was also baffled as to why some people thought this place was worth only 2 stars, or less.  Both our meals came out to about $20, not bad at all, and we were both very full.  I recommend giving this place a try, especially if you like exotic cuisine at affordable prices.
Authentic Vietnamese flavors and pleasing service. The dining room was clean and filled with daylight at lunchtime. Another reviewer commented on the filthy bathroom. I didn't see the bathroom, but my husband did--he said, although it wasn't pristine, it was far from filthy. Maybe they got the message? I really liked the grilled pork and shrimp on rice vermicelli, menu item No. 58 ($10.95). The flavors of the meat and shrimp were great and very fresh--You also could tell they'd been well marinated. The dish had soft, chewy, crispy and crunchy textures, combined--from slivered vegetables, nuts, chopped lettuce, soft noodles, tender meat--and plenty flavor. Best, though, was the banh mi sandwich with grilled beef. Fabulous--although it was missing from my menu, it was on my husband's in a special section with photos. The roll had that crispy, light, melt-in-your-mouth goodness that I associate with authentic Vietnamese-style sandwich rolls--They use part rice flour in the bread dough. The meat was delightful as were the rest of the banh mi trimmings. Yum. It was easy to eat 2, because the bread is so light. Some of the people that gave the place an indifferent rating, I notice, ordered dishes that aren't typical of Vietnamese cooking. I'd stick with the fundamentals here and doubt you could go wrong. I'd definitely return to Leanh's. And I'll check out the bathroom!
Absolutely made to order every time, will accommodate any taste/dietary preference. Incredibly kind staff. And the Grilled Pork Sandwich on a fresh baguette for $5 is the best sandwich deal in SRQ.
Best Vietnamese food around thus far ( granted still need to try more restaurants in the area)!! I read other reviews and decided to follow the advise. We got the fresh spring rolls, the beef and lemongrass and the grilled pork and shrimp over rice noodles. All very fresh and cooked to perfection. The vegetables were crunchy, the blend of spices was just perfect. Flavorful and rich. Prices are very good, restaurant inviting and cozy, maybe because the staff were so warm, inviting and nice. Have to agree with a reviewer who said staff here is much nicer than staff of Pho Cali on main st. Can't wait to return and explore the diverse and extensive menu, I'm sure I won't be disappointed!
I visited Leanh's on a weekend trip to Sarasota. I have eaten Vietnamese food several times before, and I was excited to try a new spot. I had read reviews beforehand but still wasn't sure what to expect. The service was attentive and friendly, and the restaurant was clean. There's not really an atmosphere to speak of... It's pretty generic. We had vegetable spring rolls for an appetizer... I'm not sure what I was expecting, because I guess "vegetable spring rolls" don't really evoke images of intense flavor blasts, but I kind of regretted getting them. I'm pretty sure I ordered the chicken with pineapple... but my meal wasn't too memorable. I remember thinking it was reminiscent of Panda Express chicken... that fast food taste that comes about I'm not quite sure how. My husband wasn't thrilled with his meal either. We didn't stay for dessert, but went in search elsewhere instead. I would say pass on Leanh's, especially if you really want to get a taste for Vietnamese food (which is delicious!)
The pho here is my second go to is Miss Saigon is closed. The staff is nice and the food is good. Veggie Pho: the broth here is dark in color. It tastes earthier. I swear I taste a hint of, like, potatoes (like you would in American style veggie soup). It has a slight cinnamon taste to it (to me). The veggies are packed in here. No shortage at all. I think there is the usual broccoli, carrots, onion and also more exotic (IMO for pho) veggies like green pepper, mushrooms and a few other veggies not often found in pho (I think I had squash in mine once). It is not bad by any means, but I will say that it is more of a American style veggie soup (heavier tastes, dark broth and lots of veggies) mixed with an asian influence (rice noodles) rather than just, simple, light broth, limited veggie "pho". The food is good here. I would go here before pho cali simply because Pho cali does NOT offer veggie broth at all...at which point why eat veggies in a beef broth if you are vegetarian.
Good service. We tried the Canh with catfish and shrimp - it was delicious especially eat it with rice. The grilled squid and cold rice noodle was flavorful as well. I think the best thing my husband liked was the Durian shake -- yum yum. Nice family restaurant!
First & last time!  Went with friends, & waited approx 10 mins to get a table that was literally in front of us!  Once seated, over 15 mins to get a drink order in. We ordered food at the same time. The Fresh Spring Rolls were nice, and the Chicken with Ginger &Scallions was good..but what a small portion! Our friend got the Shrimp Fried Rice, and only ate a small amount due to the tails on all the shrimp as well as the veins!  Plus, the fried rice was NOT fried, in fact, seemed soaked in butter or something and had absolutely NO flavor. We sat at the table waiting yet again for 15 mins to have the plates cleared and get our checks. Once again...tick tock tick tock. Honestly, I've gotten better service at a hot dog stand!
Service was friendly, but not good as it was very difficult to get the server's attention again once the order was taken and after it was delivered. Waving and calling didn't help, I had to get up twice and walk over to the counter behind which they were hiding to get their attention. The third time was for the check. This was during lunch hour on a Monday, with 2 servers. We felt we were being ignored for no apparent reason, as the restaurant was not full, maybe 1/3 of the tables were occupied. Had lunch with 2 friends. One ordered mixed vegetable with fried rice, another ordered vegetarian imitation chicken with mixed vegetables and I had shrimp and mixed vegetables. All our dishes appeared to have the exact same mild brown sauce and flavor. My friend with the fried rice meal said the food appeared to be Cantonese style, and not particularly different at all from Chinese food, and pretty boring at that. We all agreed. My shrimp were large, plump and fresh. There was a piece of cilantro leaf on top of my plate,which may have been there by accident. I love cilantro, and anticipated more in the dish, but it wasn't there. I had hot jasmine tea which may as well have been very weak rusty water because there was barely any taste of tea, much less jasmine. That was disappointing. While the other dishes we saw served (noodles and soup) looked different from ours, we wonder if the recipes here have been toned down for 'American tastes'. This restaurant seems to have been made 'safe' for Westerners. It was not an unusual dining experience at all. They set the table with chopsticks and a spoon but will bring you a fork on request. The chopsticks have been cleaned but are the off-white plastic kind that show brown stains and aren't particularly appetizing-looking. The air conditioning was turned down very low on a 70-something degree day in Florida. It was not comfortable to sit there, and even though we mentioned this to the server, it didn't feel like the thermostat had been adjusted at all.
Back from vacation, what to do?  Try the new place that opened just before I left town.   I always start off with either bun bo hue or something like bun cha when trying out a new vietnamese place.  Went with the grilled pork on bun this time.  The DC homed right in on the eel and lemon grass.  We both love eel but she has more of a passion for it than me.  But sounded really good.  On one hand I was worried, as how many people in Sarasota eat eel and so how fresh was it?  or maybe they have a tank in the back?  In any case my worries were for nothing.  The eel was really good.  Fresh, tasting, not muddy at all, super tender, feel right off the bone and practically melted in your mouth.   Plus the lemon grass flavor was nicely balanced and came through very well.  The veggies on this dish worked nicely as well.  The server said to us, "if you like the eel, get the frog legs next time, they are better."  Might just have to do that.   The grilled pork and bun was fine but there is better nearby.  But this was decent.  The main thing was the grilling didn't put marks on it and it was just shy of truly caramelizing the sugars on it.  It was almost like the meat was glazed instead of caramelized.  So good, but not what I usually get when I order something like this.   Service was great.  I'll go back for more eel and to try a few more things.  But they need to put the wine, beer list and prices for drinks on the menu.
new favorite is the salad with chicken and cabbage
The service at LeAnh's is the best I have received at a Vietnamese restaurant in Sarasota.  Service will get you really far in an area dominated by Baby Boomers that insist more on good service than good food.  The atmosphere leaves much more to be desired, and maybe a mop across the floor and some disinfectant would help with that. The Good: Goi Cuon is soft with just the right amount of meat inside.  Dipping sauce is delish. Chinese Sausage Fried Rice is nice and chewy, the sausage is thin sliced with care and blanched beforehand to make it more tender.  Every kernel of rice is coated. They serve Che Ba Mau.  They even give you a little spoon to eat it with. Friendly service, you are not rushed.  They accept every credit card. Open 7 days a week with consistent hours.  Easy to park in private free lot. Water is served with lime. The Bad: They do not serve Pho Ga.  However, they will serve you Pho broth (which is made of beef, by the way) with chicken floating in it.  Wrong.   The Com and Bun meals are served with curry-powder-flavored chicken instead of the usual lemongrass flavor. The pickles are not pickle-y at all.  More just lightly soggy. They do not serve Bun Xeo. Broths are not very flavorful.  Including stews like Bo Kho. If you are one of those people that think the only food that Vietnamese eat is Pho, then you are mistaken.  That is like saying the only food that Japanese people eat is sushi.  Try something else on the menu sometime. By the way, there are only five restaurants in Sarasota that serve Vietnamese food.  So, when you say that something is "the best is Sarasota," that is not saying much.   This is where I offend the locals after years of research on the Sarasota area: Sarasotians have this habit of never leaving the Sarasota area, unless they are forced to--- most of the time stating that civilization is "too far" to drive towards--- so they live in a bubble.  Take that into consideration if vacationing in the area and trusting the locals... keeping in mind that they have probably never been outside of their bubble in a really long time.  Well, maybe over the bridge to Longboat Key or Siesta Key. While the food quality is much better at Pho Cali, their hours are sporadic and service absolutely horrible. It's "Vietnamese" not "Vitnamese."
Well the food here tastes pretty good, but it's just so dirty. We were ushered to a dirty table, took a while to get the food. Bathrooms were like truck stop bathrooms, and damn it if my toddler has to use the bathroom. Turds in the bathroom, dirty sinks and walls, how does something like that get ignored. Server didn't refill drinks and now the wife is just annoyed. Why did the Pho Cali have to go on vacation, come back!!!
The service at Le Anh's was extremely friendly and attentive, which really contributed to the relaxing atmosphere -- a huge contrast to the "hurry up and order, eat, and then get the heck out" approach of Sarasota Vietnamese mainstay Pho Cali. Bo Kho (beef stew) was a bit on the watery side and didn't have the strong star anise taste I usually associate with the dish. The baguette on the side was a nice touch, as always, but the bread itself could have been crispier. I thought about trying their pho, but was thrown off by their inclusion of Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup) that used a beef broth. This is something I've never heard of at a Vietnamese restaurant before, and I order pho a lot. Maybe it's really good; I was just too taken aback to give it a shot. Call me chicken if you insist. (Zing!) I ordered grilled chicken and broken rice instead. It wasn't bad at all, but I was surprised to find that it had been prepared as a vaguely curry-flavored dish. Very odd, and not exactly what was advertised, but tasty enough, I suppose. I'm told the pickled radish and carrots that accompanied it were on the soggy side (I didn't try them, myself). So, to sum up: the food at Le Anh's is fine. Not bad, not great, but fine. You can get better Vietnamese elsewhere in the area, but with worse service and more noise. It's nice to have another option for Vietnamese in Sarasota, though.
My food was a tad disappointing. This did not taste like authentic vietnamese food. I would know because I am vietnamese! I ordered Hu Tieu Xao (stir fry chicken) and the flavor was just not there. I also ordered Nem Nuong Cuon (grilled pork rolls) and that didn't taste like real Nem Nuong at all! Overall, this place is just ok. But if you want real authentic vietnamese, I'd try a diff spot.
Fantastic experience definitely give them a try and then make it a regular destination. We had an absolutely amazing meal: started with the shrimp patty Summer rolls (herbaceous deliciousness), then for mains we had the Lemongrass Chicken and Pork and Shrimp Vermicelli.  Everything was great, my mother who had never had Vietnamese was really blown away and will be going back repeatedly. Service is excellent and of course friendly.  Kim the owner (LeAnh's mother) is really sweet and was genuinely thankful for the business.  Come on guys wouldn't you rather have a fantastic meal from people who know good food and how to treat people rather than another trip to one of the bland terrible-for-you chain restaurants in the area. We will be back next time we are in Sarasota!
Gave it try based just on driving by it a few times in Sarasota, and the number of cars at lunch in the parking lot was promising. We got inside--it was full on a Saturday at 1pm, for good reason. Everything we had was excellent, starting with the spring rolls--very plump and fresh. The papaya salad with pork and shrimp was good, too. And the grilled pork on rice vermicelli was unusually tasty. Strongly recommended and not what this New Yorker would have expected to find in Sarasota. btw the French coffee with condensed milk was also as good as I've ever had it.
Have eaten here 4 times so far--and everything has been very good to excellent, service is excellent and very friendly and helpful. This used to be a couple of things--a Pizza Hut, a thrift shop--and they've done a great job making it into a modest but appealing casual restaurant. There's a small concrete patio out front that I'm hoping will open when the weather cools. But the food is the key thing. We've had the bun w/squid, the lemon grass ba (beef), grilled pork broken rice, green papaya salad, and another of the pork dishes so far. The fresh spring rolls (rice paper, vermicelli, shrimp, fresh veggies) in the appetizer menu are large and tightly wrapped and come w/a  peanut sauce. A little heavy on the noodles and I like a lighter sauce, but still well done. We're working our way through the other apps--the eggrolls are what I think of as spring roll skins (fried) and filled with a kind of dense pork sausage--yummy. The beef w/lemon grass (ba) is one of our favorites--extremely flavorful yet delicate, perfectly cooked, and you actually get some real and good vegetables w/the dish (peppers, onions, etc.--not the crinkle-cut carrots and mini corn of your typical chinese place in a strip mall). The grilled pork w/broken rice was also really lovely--nicely browned caramelized bite-size bites w/veggies and rice. I love the papaya salad, though it's a big dish and a little more than I want to eat by myself---crunchy julienned papaya and something else in a light fish-sauce-based dressing I think; I'd choose the shrimp over the pork, but the pork is paperthin slices that are almost a little dried if you prefer that. The folks who work there (some of whom are clearly owners) really care about reaching customers who are unfamiliar w/Vietnamese food as well as some locals who clearly do. I'd rely on their advice--they've never steered us wrong. The menu is large but with a couple of key themes--organized in some cases by proteins rather than by style of food. Oh, and their prices are very very good too. Great to have this on north trail--(next door to Growlers, so when that's busy, Leanh's gets busier--but so far not really crowded).
Very poor service. We waited 15 minutes to order and another 25 minutes for the food to be served.  Wait staff never followed through on simple requests such as water for the table and silverware. The food was tasty but cold and needed to be returned to kitchen to reheat.  Overall it was a poor dining experience.
Very very good. Great service. Will be back.
All the food is always fresh and service is instant.  Every time I come here the place has people in it. Been here a bunch and never had a bad meal.
Stay away from anything eel here!
Hands down the best Vietnamese in Sarasota! Fantastic variety of food and amazing quality. The staff is friendly and service is speedy. Their fresh spring rolls cannot be be beat, and their combination beef pho is transcendent. I've tried every Vietnamese restaurant in Sarasota, and Leahn's is the stand out winner!
Good meal but Bahn mi sandwich not on menu you have to ask for this Vietnamese specialty and only one cold spring roll wrap on
We stopped in here on a whim for a light dinner while visiting Sarasota, and it turned out to be really good! I got a banh mi and my girlfriend got a pho with beef -- both were very tasty. Decor was pretty average, which seems to be the standard for most Vietnamese restaurants I've encountered (whereas Thai places are always impressively stylish inside -- go figure), and the service was sweet and prompt. Overall, one of the better Vietnamese meals we've had anywhere -- we'll be back.
Very impressed with the pho. It was absolutely delicious. The broth is the best I've had!! Very cute place too!
