I love this unassuming restaurant on North Tamiami Trail in Sarasota.  It is owned and operated by a woman who is concerned with healthy and delicious food. My favorites are the soups, quickes, salads of every kind and tofu wrap. She only uses the best ingredients. And the service is always friendly and attentive. Don't expect white table clothes here. Only a meal you will come back for again and again.
Had a late lunch here on a whim.  I heard from friends that they use local produce so I was curious about what they were doing in the kitchen.   Pretty standard  "cafe" fare; salads, soups, sandwiches, etc.  I stuck with a salad so I could see whether fresh, local product is being served.  It is.  Greens, cukes and tomatoes were excellent.  Romaine was crisp and fresh and tomatoes were plump and sweet.  Outstanding.   The dressing that came with my salad was  definitely made fresh, not scooped out of a tub.  Bravo.  4 stars for fresh ingredients and Outstanding service.
I went to Carr's today for lunch and all I can say is, "What took me so long?"   Had a great burger perfectly cooked and seasoned with fresh spinach, tomato, pickles, feta cheese and a scrumptious red ...bell pepper spread and also served with tzatziki. My cup of soup was a creamy Curry with tortellini and mushrooms. Very good and had the other half of the burger to take home for later. I will be back! See More..
This is a gem of a place off of Tamiami Trail. It's not the most attractive building and it's very easy to write it off due to the sketchy neighborhood. Don't judge a book by its cover! Everything is clean and neat inside and packed full of the restaurant's regulars. The menu changes frequently and the fruits/veggies are bought locally. I had one of their daily lunch specials and it was pretty amazing. The service is great and the food fresh! the only downside of this place is that it's open 8-2:30 M-F I wish they served brunch!
Carr's corner is that little yellow and white building you always drive by while going down 41 and wonder what the heck is at that place.   Well let me tell you probably the best ruben I've ever had is hiding at Carr's corner cafe.  I was there for lunch with some co-workers who are regulars but this was my first time.  The menu has what you might expect from a small cafe, expect they have a lot of good veggie and vegan selections as well as things for us omnivore types.  It is also well known that the owner makes a real effort to buy local and organic so another plus.   Prices were very reasonable and like I said, the best ruben I've had in years if not ever.  Not sure what it was but the flavors layered nicely and everything was fresh and tasty.  Also, it was a reasonable portion size.  Not those jaw breaker ones with three tons of meat.  I know there are those who prefer a huge amount of meat, but do you really need it?  I don't think so. Everything else my co-workers had looked great as well.   Make the stop on 41 and give it a try instead of the fast food things you usually stop at.
I love this place. Gear options for vegetarians, extremely friendly service. I keep going back for more.
Small joint, great food! Sharon Carr's lunch spot may not look appetizing from the Tamiami Trail ( just north of the art school on the west), but you're not eating the edifice. Sharon buys fresh organics each Saturday at the downtown Farmer's Market and sustains a reliable lunch menu supplemented with a variety of novel specials. Locals know this is real deal and the legion of regulars is testimony to Sharon's ability to make this place work (where previous restaurants have not). [This humble "corner cafe" is the most persistent non-franchise restaurant on 41 from Downtown to the Manatee County Line.]
My sister recommended this place to me, and when I pulled up I was definitely skeptical... but after eating the Flemish Farm soup and roast beef sandwich I was convinced! It was such a cute family owned place; both the service and food was wonderful.
Good food and service.  Nothing fancy and just a bit pricy for lunch.  The food was good.
I ordered a ruben and it was great. It was a little more money than I wanted to spend. If it was $1.50 cheaper I would be a regular.
