This place continues to be my favorite lunch / sandwich stop in SRQ.   I've now tried several items on the menu.  I haven't been disappointed with anything.  So far I've had the meatballs, veal parm, chicken parm, chicken francais, roast beef, roasted peppers and more !   As I said, everything is fantastic.   There's still more to try.   I promise, you will love it.
I stumbled upon this fabulous sandwich shop while waiting for a movie in the area. Fun atmosphere reminded me of little Italy in NYC. With mozzarella in the restaurant's title I knew ordering the classic fresh mozzarella sandwich would be a win. DELICIOUS. Fresh ingredients inside perfectly toasted bread. I ordered a side of balsamic for dipping which was a great decision. Will have to stop by again when I'm in the area.
My day is made...Mozzarella Fella in Sarasota is going to open for dinner a Weds. Thru Sat. I love the breaded veal cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe sautéed in garlic, fresh mozzarella and a huge napkin to catch the dribbles. Awesomeness. Fresh pasta special is always a good take and the arroncinni  balls divine. It is Staten Island in downtown Sarasota. Darn good sandwiches and the bread has just the right pull. Eggplant pram and meatballs good and sausage and peppers oh my. Just like NYC. Would eat there more if it weren't for all those calories  and those yummy mini cannoli.
Simply amazing - exactly what you need in a local fresh Italian lunch spot. And if you want to bring something home for dinner, you won't find a fresher, tastier option.
After hearing good things about the restaurant, I have been wanting to give it a try. Hurried over yesterday right at 5:28, and the door was locked before their posted closing time of 5:30. Bummer. Went today and asked for an Italian. It had quality meats and cheese on the sandwich, however, it was way undersized and overpriced at $12 after tax. Cannot justify this purchase. Its been an hour since I ate it and I'm already hungry. I would not recommend this to anyone unless they have a large amount of disposable income and a minuscule appetite.
This restaurant never disappoints. I eat here at least once each week and I'm always greeted with 'Hi Brittany!' Their salads are huge and so yummy! I often feel like I don't get enough greens to make up for all the toppings of a gourmet salad but their mesclun and arugula salads are filled with super fresh lettuces. I always get the eggplant - trust me when I tell you that it is delicious any way they make it.
Well, my wife, twins, several friends, and myself returned after the amazing experience we had last time. We received the same stellar service we received the first time we tried it 2 months ago. We were lucky to go twice during our last trip to Sarasota, and have been craving it since returning to Michigan. Everyone enjoyed the various sandwiches, meatballs, and cannoli's we indulged on. One of the owner's saw our 1 year old twins there, came over, and asked if it was alright that they had some desert. She gave each one of them their own cannoli for free. The employee's here are some of the nicest and most genuine people you will ever meet. I watched as the various employee's interacted with various customer's, and saw that these people had relationships that they have been building. They obviously have "regulars" that frequent this fine establishment. I also noticed that the not so frequent customers get that same welcome feeling and attitude though. I could elaborate more on the food, but I don't feel the need. It is amazing. Everything is fresh, and you're bound to find something you will like. While we are not from the area, we have close friends that will keep us visiting Sarasota frequently. Every time I visit, I will make it a point to go at least once (probably way more) and become a "distant regular". Thank you for your amazing food and warm, welcoming attitudes. You have a business model that more businesses should adopt. See you soon.
C and I were really impressed with our sandwich ... a simple eggplant Parmesan sandwich, but it was simply outstanding. This is just a small, unpretentious sandwich shop, but really, really tasty. This is nothing like Jimmy John's or other fast food shops. This is like home made.
I was in today for the first time and I had a number 7 which took me forever to decide what sandwich to order because they all sound delicious.... The sandwich was outstanding !! The atmosphere was like I was back in jersey and the staff was so nice and helpful, can't wait to go back ... Yummy
I think I need to give this another try, since I see dozens of Yelp reviews that start with "awesome." Quite frankly, it did not strike me as such. Cute. Lots of neat stuff on the walls. Good, but not great, Italian fare.  We had heard a recommendation and stopped in -- looking for a tide-me-over something at about 4 p.m.  Then my wife and I proceeded to over-order . . . something we do regularly. And we proceeded to ruin any plans for a nice dinner later. I had an Italian submarine sandwich. Good, but not appreciatively better than the one you get at Subway. My wife liked her eggplant thing, though, so maybe I'm being too critical. Let start over. Mozzarella Fella is cute. And it has a great name. I'll give in another try.
Pretty solid... I always get the chicken parm or veal parm sandwich, a broccoli rabe salad, and some gardenia. Everything is good, but not great. My biggest complaints are the lack of seasoning/flavor in their red sauce, and the fact that it's a little over priced. But I do enjoy this spot a lot.
So once again we relied on Yelp to provide us with a good place to eat. We were surely not disappointed.  Mozzarella fella is located on Main Street in Sarasota. Upon entering you are overwhelmed by Italian & New York City nostalgia. Decorated very well. But the most important part is the menu. Mozzarella fella has many different sandwiches,all featuring their in-house made mozzarella. I had the fried veal cutlet, my wife had the prosciutto sub. The bread was excellent and so was the veal. The mozzarella was fresh as were the toppings. By all means you should stop in and try this joint out. It has great food and the owners are very nice. My only qualm was that we took some mozzarella home and it was bland and tough. Not a big deal whatsoever. Don't let that spoil your trip I promise you won't be disappointed at all. The whole family loved their lunch and we will definitely be back!
OMG, Mozzarella Fella makes me want to be Italian when I grow up! Amazing and inventive sandwiches with fresh mozzarella made in house daily. Fresh salads, antipasto, broccoli rabe, veal, eggplant, and...did I mention the meatballs? The sauces are bursting with flavor and homemade Italian goodness. Authentic, friendly and fabulous, don't miss this unique and cozy deli. And don't you dare forget the cannoli!
Well, we were NOT disappointed to say the least! Great baby arugula salad with artichokes and grilled shiitake mushrooms, fresh and perfectly dressed. We also ordered a mozzarella & arugula sandwich, the bread was soft but still crunchy it was a hit with both of us. We agreed  that when we have company visit we will go back and maybe just get a whole dinner to go. It was excellent. Snappy service and smiling help.great music selection too.
Always delicious! I'm a picky Italian from up north so I tend to avoid anything claiming to be authentic for fear of major disappointment. This place is not only the real deal but it's friendly, tasty and my new favorite lunch spot in all of Sarasota. Whether it's to-go or a quick bite inside, I have never been disappointed.
We got two sandwiches the veal cutlet and chicken parm.  The chicken parm was def better than the veal.  Service was good sandwiches came out hot and fast.  The decor is unique and goes well with the food.
I like to order a little bit of everything and go crazy. The fresh mozzarella, the fennel salad, eggplant rollatini...oh, man. The owners are wonderful, and the atmosphere is perfect.
After reading the reviews I definitely had to check this place out for myself.  Lots of different choices for sandwiches.  I went with my family and I was able to sample quite a few including the prosciutto and mozzarella, fried eggplant prosciutto and mozzarella, and grilled chicken with pesto mayo. The mozzerella was salted perfectly and the bread was crusty on the outside yet soft in the inside. All 3 sandwiches were done right. However,  they use Boars Head prosciutto which could get a Publix. I will definitely come back here and try other sandwiches!
Visiting sarasota from NJ and found this place (thankfully!) on Yelp. Was just what we were looking for - grabbed a few sandwiches with the family and then headed over to Island Park to eat at the picnic area by the playground. We had the veal and broccoli rabe which I would highly recommend! Also the eggplant w roasted red peppers was very good. Kids got the meatball parm also a solid sandwich choice.
Amazing! I was surprised and delighted by this find.  The caesar and mozzarella sandwich were great.
I haven't had meatballs this delicious since my grandfather passed away, and that was in 1996. I'm 100% Italian and from South Philly so that is all you need to know. Eat here or be sad forever.
For a quick paced lunch place this place is absolutely 5 stars. My husband and I took 5 of our kids for lunch today and we were astounded at how great the food was. We tried 8 items and they were all wonderful. The stuffed peppers and rice balls were especially good. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. They worked very fast to get out our food even though they were swamped. We will be back for lunch again ( and some stuffed peppers to take home) before vaca is over.
Ok grew up in an Italian family - gratzia Mille mozzarella fella!  This place is the real deal and delish!
Authentic, tasty, friendly, great atmosphere...a true find, although it looks like I'm late to the party.  Definitely my new downtown destination for a quick bite. Ps. The gentleman working there was really nice!
I'm updating my review for Mozzarella Fella.  We ordered take out this time and when I arrived home the sauce on the sandwich was messy and all over the place. My wife just looked at me and said, Seriously? I mean it was all over the place.  I handled the bag with care and carried it the exact way it was given to me from the time I left the store to the time I arrived home.  The wrapping around the sandwich was wrapped really tight so it would have been impossible for me to have caused this.   The sandwich was still good but I think anywhere else I would not have been happy.   My wife's sandwich tasted bland and there was no flavor.  Meat, Bread, and Cheese.  She ordered the #10 and I ordered the #13. Also Mozzarella Fella is basically a sandwich shop/deli.  With a tip jar present at the register and a place to leave a tip when you sign your receipt, they seem to be begging for a tip.  It's a little tacky and kind of weird.   If I wanted to be pressured into leaving a tip I'd go to a restaurant where I'm receiving some kind of service. I would still recommend trying this place and if I go back I plan to update my review.
Amazing sandwiches! This is the exact kind of place that I go on yelp to find! We were staying in Sarasota for just a few days for a wedding and we would have never found this place on our own. After seeing the reviews I knew we should find this place and I'm glad we did! The sandwiches are amazing! I got the #2 which was fried eggplant, house made mozzarella and roasted peppers. It was definitely one of the BEST sandwiches I've ever had! My only complaint is that I might never get to eat here again! How about a second location in Manchester, NH??? Please?
The veal sandwich was very good. Their rice balls  not in my favorite. Very nice people.
These guys ROCK.  Victoria is the best.  The food is authentic and delicious.  Plus, they have an excellent catering Menu for private parties.
"That was the best sandwich I've ever had." said my husband ... I knew he would love the Fella! This is a little treasure in Sarasota. I'm Italian and the food brings back the best memories. Today I had the special which was breaded chicken, broccoli rabe and peppers. So yummy and I kept saying the chicken cutlet was just like my Uncle Ralph's ... now that's saying something! I'm always saying how something I've had there tastes just like ... That's a very good thing! The place is super clean and everyone is beyond friendly and the food is amazing! I'm loving Sarasota and I love it even more because of the Fella. (that's my little nick name, I only do that when I love something  so much)
Its not often that you have an amazing, flawless sandwich. The eggplant parm sandwich at Mozzarella Fella is delicious and flavorful. Crispy soft bread, roasted peppers, breaded eggplant. Its a great place. I've only been there once, but I am excited to go again.
After seeing all of the 5 star reviews, my wife and I and two kids just had to go out of our way while on vacation to visit this place. Everything you're reading about the kindness and helpfulness of the owners is spot on. Everything you're reading about the quality, freshness, and flavor of the food is spot on.  We tried a chicken breast sandwich as well as the eggplant sandwich and both were knockouts.  We were there near closing time and felt absolutely no pressure to eat fast and leave.  The meatballs are wonderful and the sauce, wow, chunky, zesty, sweet, perfect. The decor was great, a fresh look, and the bathroom was spotless.  I'm a big stickler on cleanliness. If you twisted my arm and forced me to pick the least-positive thing about the place, it would be tough, but I guess I would say I wish the portions were a hair larger.  The sandwiches weren't small by any means, but we live in a "foot long Subway" culture that unfortunately breeds ridiculous portion expectations.  Also bear in mind, we had been exploring Sarasota all day, very active, and my lunch was on the smaller side, so having finished a sandwich and still being a little hungry, I should have simply ordered more.  Another meatball or a little salad would have hit the spot.  I don't want to give the impression I left starving. Kudos to the Fella!!
Super moody service, I think she's from long island or something but all in all the food is good. Thank you for frying the food just right! I will be back.
Delicious!!! Interior is modern and clean and the sandwiches are to DIE FOR.
Sanwich shop done great. got the chicken parm sub.  Probably the best I've every had,, thin cutlets, great sauce ( Even my sicilian grandmother would approve) on great bread.  I will be back very very soon to try some more! Great, FRESH bread. Mozz, the real deal. Again, I grew up with a Sicilian grandmother! Atmosphere:  Good decor, not a lot of seating, but + for hightop across the front window. Service: 5 stars, the owner was very nice, fast with the orders. My friend who is a regular, she had his special order memorized, she obviously takes the time to meet the clients. I went with 5 stars because I plan to be back literally as fast as possible.
Nice lunchtime deli. Limited outdoor seating made for good eavesdropping on the don and his two bodygaurds at the next table. Fresh mozzarella salad was a strong start,  veal cutlet sandwich was good but I wouldn't rave about broccoli rabe like other reviewers - I'm sure thats more my personal taste and less the quality of food.
8/2/2013 - Is there something more than 5 stars? My wife and I were vacationing in Sarasota (from Spring Hill, Hernando Co, FL) We looked on Yelp for a place to eat lunch and saw multiple 5-Star reviews for Mozzarella Fella.  We figured, why not, that would be the first place to eat.  Wow... did it set the tone for the rest of our weekend vacation.   As soon as we entered, we were immediately greeted. We were chatting with Michael that we were out of town and that we drove all the way down there just to eat there. He was pleasantly surprised. He was proud to talked about what they had there. I ordered the #1: Mozzarella Sandwich, #3: Eggplant Sandwich for my wife, and we split a half order of calamari between us.  You must order the calimari!  It was very tender, not even close to being rubbery.  My #1 was Freakin Awesome; however, my wife's #3 made be a believer.  I'll admit, I've hated eggplant all my life.  I tried my wife's eggplant sandwich and for once, I liked it.   When the wife of the restaurant, Victoria, heard where we came from, she was thrilled that she threw in a few cannolis.  Wow!  My wife and I were enthralled.  We decided that on our way back home, we will come back for more. 8/5/2013 Sure enough, we came back and it was better than ever.  First off, we were greeted very warmly by everyone there and Michael even came around to shake my hand.  Damn, that still impresses me. My wife and I ordered the Meat Lasagna (split), meatballs (1x order comes with 2 large meatballs), and of course, the those sweet cannolis.  Oh wow, the lasagna was to die for and the meatballs were...  let's just say we were too full to have more, but it was tempting.  We got mozzarella sandwiches for our trip back home.  As we got home, we had our early dinner and I said we should have bought two more.   OVERALL Hands down, my wife and I were impressed with everything.  The beautiful decor, the positive atmosphere, the friendliest staff, and the tastiest food.  If we ever come remotely close to this place, you can guarantee that we will stop in again. Semper Fi!
Fresh Mozzarella! Amazing sandwiches here. Eat here.  NOW NOW NOW! I would never have guessed that such an awesome Italian place could be found in such an obscure vacation location.  Yes, the mozzarella is fresh.  Yes, I asked my bf to bring me back a sandwich to Boston (and he did).  Yes, I stuffed my face with it.  And yes, it was still every bit delicious. I can't speak for much more than the sandwiches, but from scoping out other people's food---everything looked fresh and delicious.   Don't pass this place by when you're perusing downtown Sarasota.
What a find in Sarasota, MANY thanks to other yelpers!!! Prices are most fair (I actually advised the owner to raise their prices); quality is tops, and very authentic; and attitude of the owner is most commendable and friendly.  So, what more can you ask for????
Love this place. Fresh oven cooked subs. My favorite is the veal cutlet but it's fried so sometimes I'll prefer something lighter like the prosciutto with balsamic glaze. The sandwhiches are all I've tried but they're so good
Amazing, as always.
We came here because of the great reviews and we love authentic Italian sandwiches. It was pretty busy and we got the tuna sandwich and the mozzarella sandwich. They were good but I wouldn't go back for them. The bread wasn't really great, it was soft not crispy. (My husband and I are from Italy so we have pretty high standards) We ordered meatballs as well which were yummy... They took a long time to come out and the staff brought us a few cannoli to make up for the time we waited. They were really nice!
Is it possible that Sarasota now has an Italian sandwich shop (and more) as good as New York and Philadelphia?  After 20+ years here, it is actually true and this is a fabulous addition to the SRQ food scene. It's a small place that seats maybe 20 people, tastefully decorated where you order at the counter and the food made-to-order is brought out quickly to you.  A young man was making a fresh batch of mozzarella while we ordered from the pleasant and informative young women co-owner. We started with the special of the day; Fried Calamari @ $9.00 which was offered with marinara sauce that was sweet, spicy, very delicious or it's available with a buffalo sauce and bleu cheese.  That sounded great but we opted for just some fresh lemons and marinara on the side.  The portion was large, tender and couldn't have been more perfectly prepared.   I had the Prosciutto sandwich ($9.00) with sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella, olive oil and balsamic.  My wife chose the Veal Cutlet sandwich ($10.00) with broccoli rabe, sun dried tomatoes and mozzarella.  Hell, we spent 15 minutes just talking about which sandwich was better.  See the excellent pictures supplied by a previous reviewer; the food served us looked so good we just dove in rather than fiddle with the iPhone.  Once we thought of it, the food was gone. There are 20 sandwiches offered including chicken, eggplant, turkey and beef all with creative fresh fillings. There is no substitute for fresh mozzarella; creamy and delicious.  The bread is crusty and chewy with a soft interior.  They don't brag that it's made in-house, but it must be, because it just couldn't have been fresher or better. They also offer catering which includes lots of hot items not on the daily menu, along with a number of meal sized salads and a great sounding Antipasto.  If you work near this Main Street location, treat yourself to a memorable lunch or be a hero and pick-up dinner on your way home. There is a brief history of the owners on the menu that ends with; "The Calore family has always been committed to using only the freshest ingredients available to insure only the best results." Every word of that phrase is true.  We must support this local place that takes Sarasota food to a new level. They currently have limited summer hours of 10:30 AM to 5:30 PM.  Check this place out while it's still a bit of secret!
Had the fresh mozzarella sandwich.   It was delicious.   Also added the canopies for dessert.   The staff is fantastic, especially Victoria.
I have only eaten here once, and the grilled chicken sandwich was good but not great, and overpriced.  I also had the antipasto which was really good, but again too expensive to eat here for lunch consistently.  I think based upon the reviews here my expectations were too high, it's a little overrated.
This place is legitimate, the hype is for real.  The sandwiches are phenomenal, the veal and broccoli rabe is perfect.  The mozzarella is creamy, fresh. and flavorful.  Nice people working there too.  Give it a shot.
I have been in Florida since since moving from Providence in 1999.  Until Mozzarella Fella, I hadn't had a grinder in the South that I would ever order again.  Mozzarella Fella is authentic as it gets - the people - the atmosphere and most importantly, the food!  My go to sandwiches are the prosciutto, the fried eggplant, the calamari and everything and anything parm.   If we need sauce, Vicki and Michael make the best!  Their marinara, vodka and pesto are amazing - stop in and grab some sauce and pasta for your sunday dinner!  We have Mozzarella Fella cater for us regularly... definitely a family owned, local gem.  Reminds me of the amazing food we grew up eating from Federal Hill.  We can't go to the fella without running into at least a handful of people we know.  Great place to take the family or meet a client for lunch.  Sarasota is growing up in the best way!
Genius. The Stradivari of Sandwiches. The Picasso of Prosciutto. The Monet of Mozzarella. Best sandwich in the city. I just had the veal cutlet and broccoli rabe sandwich; it's killer. The best Italianate offering in Sarasota's lunch scene !!
The "Fella" is the BEST!!! It's NY-style, Italian home cooking done right. They have subs ( on REAL Italian bread!),  salads and pasta specials. I'm vegan and most of the time it's hard to eat out. Not at Mozzarella Fella. I know they are known for the homemade fresh mozzarella I just ask them to hold the mozz on my sandwich... #16 grilled portobello add some broccoli rape, it is awesome. I love the arugula salad, and the pasta primavera. AND try the Lima bean soup when they have it ... DELISH!! Mozzarella Fella is more than just great food, it's the service as well. When you're there ... You feel like family.
Very simple. They set the bar for Sarasota.
Just had the mozzarella, tomato and arugula sandwich and a prosciutto rice ball.  Mmmm..... yummmyyy.   :)
Since leaving NYC in 2010 I have avoided "authentic" Italian in Sarasota for obvious reasons.  After hearing many rave reviews, I had to check this Fella out. My first impression was that everything looked the part. Mozzarella Fella was clean and vibrant with the Italian colors. My date and I decided to taste thru their offerings.  We went with Mozz Salad, Eggplant Rollatini and the #19 Roast Beef sandwich. As I sat down facing the window, I had some intense sun shining in my eyes during lunch.  It made eye contact a bit of a challenge and could be improved with some shades. The first course of Mozz Salad came in a to go box with 2 plastic forks and a plastic knife to share.  The fresh mozzarella was good by NYC standards. The second course of eggplant rollatini arrived on a styrofoam plate to share with some additional plasticware.  I paid little attention and devoured the dish. Once my date noticed the couple next to us had real silverware and plates, she asked for the same.  We ended up getting silverware and 2 more styrofoam plates. The third course was a roast beef sandwich with house made brown sauce, sautéed onions and garlic.  The garlic was strong, but I like garlic.  The sandwich was really good overall. Overall, they pay a lot of attention to their food but the execution could improve. I'll definitely return for the food or just get carry out.
Z BEST! Very fresh and excellent overall. Highly recommended to all. Sandwiches are outstanding. Check it out!
Pretty darn good! Had the chicken parm! There's still sauce on my fingers while I'm writing this! Will I go back..... Sure! But I'm going with friends because sometimes I get scared around sweaty Italians.
If i could afford a $10 lunch everyday I would because these guys know how to make a sandwich.  Great bread, fresh meats, a ton of bursting flavor coming from the mozzarella and proscitto sandwich I got.
Awesome place. Great New York style Italian sandwiches with high quality ingredients. It's my go to spot for lunch.
Strictly a SANDWICH SHOP, so don't expect anything else, but a very, very, good one, especially for Florida.  Place always packed; may need to expand, not only the available seats, but menu as well;  not everyone likes to eat with their hands, so maybe some pasta dishes wouldn't be a bad idea?  Never been disappointed here.
Want to reiterate all the other reviews, place is excellent for sandwiches. Had a fantastic chicken sandwich with a massive slice of mozzarella and pesto mayo. Loved it, but you should for $10 a sandwich.
Honestly, after reading all the amazing reviews, I thought something was up. So we decided to try it for ourselves. And OH MY GOSH!!!!! This place REALLY is that good!!!! We shared so many things.just order whatever you like. You will not be disappointed. Also, the guys that work there are extraordinarily friendly. And cute too!!!! Well done "Fellas". Well done.
Fabulous eggplant parmesan sandwich, perfectly booked, good ratio of slightly crusty bread to eggplant.  Very friendly & informative wait staff.  They have a case full of prepared salads to choose from and a strong menu.
The owners I believe relocated from Staten Island, and the place fondly reminds me of Italian delis in northern cities, albeit a little smaller than I remember.  The staff are just like I remember from other delis, they remember locals and repeat customers, but all are welcomed warmly. When you enter, you'll note the steaming sink directly ahead where fresh mozzarella is being made.  We arrived at around 11:30AM and snagged a table, by the time our sandwiches were ready, every seat in the house was taken.   The sandwiches took a little more time than others, but this was in no small part because they really are made properly.  The mozzarella is of course fresh and excellent, but to me the real surprise was for a shop of this size how much bigger everything tastes because everything is made right.  The grilled chicken in the grilled chicken sandwich is very clearly right off the grill; how did they cram one back there?  The calamari is EXCELLENT, not over done, not underdone, how did they fit a fryer back there big enough for Calamari Friday?   The bread is bar none the best bread used in a sandwich in downtown.  Period. The market and deli aspects of the place strike me more as decoration than the place being a real market, and the cannolis were a little small for the price; all is forgiven with the quality of sandwich, though. I'm thrilled that these folks decided to migrate South, it's a wonderful addition to downtown; I'm not entirely sure I'll sit in next time, but who wants to sit in the middle of a deli anyway?
Consistently good lunch food.  I go there regularly.  Favorites include veal parm, chicken parm,  salads.  Everything is fresh and the restaurant is clean and fast.   Bring your appetite!
Ok.  It's official.  I'm hooked!  I've had the mozzarella sandwich and the balsamic portobello wich!  Both are fantastic!  One of the best things about the Fella is the owners enjoy being there and having us in their establishment!  After just a couple of trips, they know my name and we talk a little bit.  That goes a long way.  So does delicious food!!
This place is great, great service, the food is awesome. People are friendly, they joke around with you. This place will not kill your wallet. Overall, Great place to get some food.
Some of the friendliest, down to earth, real restauranteurs in this region with some of the BEST sandwiches, meatballs & cannoli around! Homemade mozz(that's literally made in front of you), the best bread in SRQ(I lived in Hoboken, NJ & from south Jersey-I know good carbs), the broccoli rabe is out of this world & the anitpasta is brimming with fresh goodies. I had a special one day that was brown gravy, a veal cutlet, prosciutto topped with fresh mozzarella on a hoagie roll....DIVINE!  The hospitality from Victoria and her family is top notch! We're lifers!
Not just as good as places I would go to in New Jersey. BETTER!!  Going today for some takeout for football Sunday. Great food, direct tv football package and the Jets are not on until Monday night. I'm good.
great family owned cafe. I had the number three fried eggplant, ham, and it was an amazing combination. I will be back here again to try the meatball sub. this is a must stop eatery if you are nearby. customer service amazing, food amazing!!! atmosphere is  a classic cafe feeling.
I love, love, love their fennel salad.  Great place for lunch.
Always reading about this store on FB... and not knowing who the owners were...or what their food was about...(doubting Brooklyn Boy here) On our way to Trader Joe's we were starving and decided that this should be our first stop in Sarasota .... Upon walking in.. I could "smell" the authenticity ...;-) Being a Brooklyn Boy... I know my Mozzi.. I lived a block away from Lioni King of Mozzarella on 15th Ave. in Brooklyn.. LOL.. Oh back to this review... So I walked up to the counter and saw this "Gigunda"  tray of Antipasti it was calling my name...;-) as every thing else was..Oy Vey... I know this was going to be a tuff call... But then the owner appeared and offered some suggestions.. Try a #5 Veal cutlet .. with  Broccoli Rabe,,She said... and Debi had the Eggplant Parm...(which is one of Debi's best dishes) we shared a small Antipasti.. and the rest was History... we took home another portion of the Antipasti for the road...as we began talking as NY'ers  do.. "Where do you come from" ...?. Where do YOU come from.....?  Like someone is going to come from a Better more "Brooklyn Place" than the other person... LOL.. Well it turns out that When I mentioned Dyker Heights and Bay Ridge .. BINGO... Bells and whistles went off... Seems that I was a fan of the Owners first Restaurant in Brooklyn "Club 101" for many years...Mike is an accomplished Chef... His wife Is an amazingly sweet, friendly and accommodating gal.. and what ever you taste their... your tongue will be happy that you did:-)  So.. with the first bite... Debi say's.. (now mind you she is Italian and a good no make that Great Cook)..."Ummm.. His Marinara Sauce is GUUD.... so what does that tell you.? If a Brooklyn Italian Girl who Cooks.. Says someone else's "Sauce" is Good... Need I say more... Forget all the pomp and circumstance of the sidewalk cafe's in Sarasota.. Do your self a Favor...and head over to Mozzarella Fella... Tell 'em Larry TheWizard" Siegfried sent ya... You'll be glad you did.. ;-)
Holy cow!!!  This place is awesome!!  They deserve 10 stars at least!!  The food is so fresh, awesome flavors, perfect fresh ingredients.  I got the calamari sandwich, husband got chicken francaise sandwich, and for picky daughter they gave her a delicious chicken cutlet seasoned perfectly, with a warm roll with butter.  The food was simply Devine and the most delicious food I have had in a long time.  I want to try everything on that menu and I will keep coming back from PA to Sarasota until I do.  Couple that with kind friendly warm service and ridiculously low prices for what you get........you'd be crazy to come anywhere near Sarasota and not give this place a try.  I am not exaggerating!!
Great sandwiches with homemade mozzarella. I had a salami and mozzarella sandwich and my boyfriend had a meatball sub. Mine was very good, and his was delish. Will defintely be back.
Salads are big and amazing. Great little place. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Homemade lemonade tastes great and is fresh.
It's 11:31pm and I was just about to tell my husband that I can't wait to go to Mozzarella Fella this week and I realized I haven't even reviewed it.  I relied heavily on Yelp when  I lived in NY.  So far I have found it's not so widely used down here in Sarasota, FL.  We need to change that.  How else are transplants like me going to hear about where to find the best meatball in town?  Everything is fresh and made to order.  They actually ran out of the special of the day my first time there, at 2 something, and I LOVE that!  That tells me their food is made with care, not mass produced for volume.  It's a real cutesy little place too.  The staff was warm and engaging and made me feel like I had been a customer for years.   It's nice to have a tiny slice of New York here in my "new" hometown.
I have a tendency of only wanting to review my favorite restaurants, and Mozzarella Fella falls into this category.  I had searched "pizza" on Yelp and this place popped up with a solid rating.  I was disappointed to find out that they do not sell pizza but was pleasantly surprised by the deliciousness of their sandwiches and hospitality.  The owner offered us samplings of their fresh soup (I want to say lima bean soup) and proceeded to give us an individualized run down of the menu based on our preferences.  Our sandwiches were cooked to perfection and to now surprise, the mozzarella was STELLAR!  It was a perfect lunch for an afternoon in Sarasota.
I want to give this place 5 stars because the couple who own it are so cute. But I don't go to restaurants based on the owners looks and personality...if I did I wouldn't get out often. I ordered the caprese sandwich. Basically fresh made mozzarella, arugula, tomato, olive oil, and basil served on toasted baguette. I had a hard time deciding because I really wanted their crimini mushroom and goat cheese lasagne and then there was the chicken mozzarella.. I customized the sandwich ..which is very typical of my  type A food ordering. But I honestly can't tolerate much oil.. so a simple request  -  I requested the olive oil be on the side. Well they did in fact put olive oil on the side...but this was after they dumped a half cup of it on the bread. And then topped it off with pesto. I.e more oil. And then gave me oil on the side. I didn't send it back because quite honestly it's getting old. I don't want to send anything back again ever. It's exhausting. Not to mention rude to whoever I'm eating with as they have to eat alone as I wait for my reorder.  Obviously the sandwich was way too oily.  I didn't eat half of the bread because it was soaking in oil  All in all the mozzarella was the bomb diggety, bread chewy and crunchy, and the rest very fresh ingredients.  Nice simple italian style.    I just wish they would have listened to me and omitted the oil per my request, as I would have enjoyed it more. I am not exactly sure what's gone wrong in the service industry lately but I think there is a hearing loss epidemic going around.
After being open for a month I decided to stop by again. I mean if you find a good thing why keep searching around for someone else to do better? While they still seem to fly under the radar the food is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots in Sarasota. The best part is that it is incredibly fast. So yes 5 stars for awesome food that is fast. It is togo but I wouldnt risk traveling with anything this amazing.. enjoy on the spot!
How good is Mozzarella Fella? It is outstanding. Whenever my family is in town (and since we live in Paradise that is quite often as I have a huge Italian Family) we take them to Mozzarella Fella. We eat great Italian food, and we have fun while we are there. The ambiance (italian music) and the Italian decor makes us all feel as if we are back in NYC or Brooklyn or Italy. The veal cutlets with Mozzarella and sun dried tomatoes are divine. When my vegetarian brother gets the egg potato and mozz cheese sandwich. Loves it. The pasta is always al dente which is not easy to achieve.  Friendly, clean - the freshest of ingredients, and the result is true Italian food.
As a recent NYC transplant, when I read excellent reviews about a new sub shop in Sarasota, I do not take it lightly. When I find out that the owner is from Brooklyn, I take it even more seriously. When I see mouth-watering pictures posted on their well-maintained Facebook page, I start making my plans to go. Everything I've been reading about Mozzarella Fella has been a rave, and I am very happy to report that I agree. It's a fantastic new addition to Main Street. My father (who is also a Brooklyn native) and I met up yesterday for lunch and arrived to find a packed house. Apparently it has not taken long for people to catch on to the new hot spot for lunch, but the line moved quickly and they were actually ready to take our order sooner than we'd made up our minds. Everything on the menu was appealing, and the case of lasagna, meatballs and various prepared salads was gorgeous, with each dish looking better and better. I was in the mood for eggplant and had (If I remember right) 3 different eggplant-based subs to choose from.  I settled on the eggplant parmigiana sub and a half iced tea/half lemonade. My father was quickly sold on the special sub-of-the-day: veal cutlet with fresh mozzarella and marsala sauce. We placed our orders and went to sit at a 2-top to wait for them to be brought out to us. About 10 minutes later, our sandwiches arrived wrapped in deli paper. My drink was forgotten and I decided to just go grab a bottle of water from the fridge instead of re-ordering it. I came back to unwrap my sandwich, which turned out to be a mozzarella, arugula, tomato and basil oil sub instead of the one I'd chosen. It actually DID look pretty awesome, but it was not what I'd ordered so I brought it back to the counter and told the owner, who was very apologetic and said she'd correct it right away. A little while later, she brought my correct sub along with the mistaken one- and it definitely made up for the error that she let me keep it to bring home for my honey. (who, incidentally, was quite pleased) In the end, I decided to eat half of each which was a great consolation. More to try! Both subs were excellent. The mozzarella is definitely the standout ingredient- SO creamy and somehow light and rich at the same time. The eggplant was crisp and not overly breaded. The bread has the most perfect consistency- both chewy and soft with a toothsome crust. All that said, one bite of my dad's sub and it was quickly obvious that the special of the day is no joke. Seriously. Next time, I'll let the chalkboard decide what my order will be. WOW. This was unbelievable. The veal (which I don't normally order) tasted so incredible that any animal-cruelty-related guilt quickly subsided. Sorry vegetarian friends. Sorry cute little baby cows. I'm sorry that you are so delicious. It was tender, but with the most delicious, crispy, crust. The melty mozzarella on top dribbled down the sides and mixed into the savory marsala sauce with juicy, plump, sliced mushrooms. The crusty bread sopped up all of the extra sauce and cheese and worked both as a catchall and as a compliment. This was seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. It was, however, totally messy. My dad and I agreed that if you decide to eat there, it would be nice to have your lunch served on a plate instead of wrapped in paper. A paper plate would be fine, but the mess that eating on paper makes was kind of annoying. Aside from the 2 little ordering errors with my overlooked beverage and my sub confusion, this place totally rocks. I am sure that they will get more and more efficient with the ordering and accuracy, but the food can't possibly get any better. I will absolutely and positively be back, and hopefully by the time I return, reviews like mine and the soon-to-be-countless others won't have made it completely impossible to get in. Bravo Mozzarella Fellas! Welcome to Florida!
I had heard rumors of this place, but after Gym H's review I figured I better get over there and give it a try.  It is in part of main street that has been a bit of a desert as far as food is concerned.  One early saturday the other other week I stopped in and tried out things for an early lunch.  There was a guy making the mozzarella up front when we walked in.  He happily took our order while continuing to work.  Friendly service, was a good start.   I ordered the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich and my DC went for the egg plant.  A few minutes later our sandwiches came out.  The bread was warm and crusty, and every thing looked great.  Very fresh.  First bite of each was very good.  The only surprise was mine had a lot of a balsamic based sauce.  Which really covered up the great flavors of the cheese and prosciutto.  I fished out a part of the cheese without any of the sauce and it was great!  Why cover up such a fresh lovely homemade bit of cheese with this sauce? And I didn't see this on the menu or I would have asked to hold it.  But why do this especially when you pair it with some great prosciutto?  So that was a little disappointing, but even with that the sandwich was great!  Just could have been amazing.  I think next time I'll get it with no sauce or the sauce on the side.  The eggplant was very good and nicely put together and balanced.  And I'm not even that big of an eggplant fan!  So that is high praise coming from me.   They sell the mozzarella to go as well.  At a reasonable price, especially compared to some places (meaning you WFS).  Next time I'm in the area I plan to pick some up and make some killer pizza.  And actually they should consider putting in a wood fired oven and make some pizza with that great cheese.  Or consider distributing it to some of the places in town that make artisanal pizza.
We took a trip from Tarpon Springs/Zephyrhills to Sarasota and stopped off to have something to eat. We had the antipasti, a veal sandwich and eggplant parmesan. All were absolutely delicious! Kudos to the chef!  We are originally from Brooklyn, NY and picky about Italian food since I am Italian myself but this was worth the trip! We also loved the decor plus the owners were very friendly and accommodating. We will definitely be back to try the calamari.. :)
Amazing sandwich shop.  Homemade Mozzarella is very good.  Love Calamari Friday's, proper fresh calamari with a light breading.
I had to try this place after seeing all the 5 star reviews and it definitely didn't disappoint! Love the vegetarian options, the egg plant is cooked perfectly! The sandwiches are a great size and come on delicious fresh Italian bread! I'm getting hungry writing this review, think I'll need to make a trip soon :)
First time I went I got a prosciutto sandwich (#4). Went back and wouldn't order anything else because it was so good which isn't typically like me. Went back my fourth time and asked for a recommendation. Eggplant sandwich (#2). Just as good. Fresh bread, fresh ingredients cool atmosphere.
This place is awesome, great food and great owners who take pride in providing quality food that's creatively put together.
Everything from salad to sandwiches incredibly good. Fresh mozzarella made every few hours
Just had the baked ziti and meatballs and the hubby had the chicken parm. I also got to taste the broccoli rabe and it's delicious .. I can't even put into words how good everything was. The staff are super sweet. They make conversations with everyone who walks through the door... It's such a happy environment. Loved it!! Definitely worth driving 30 minutes :D
This place is delicious!  I always order the #1- mozzarella, tomato & pesto- can't bear to order anything else because it's the best sandwich ever!!  The bread is so fresh and amazing and the owners are so cool too :) def eat here! I have had many mozzarella/tomato/pesto's elsewhere- MF wins by far!
Where to start. My friends and I were in Sarasota for vacation and decided to stop in for lunch based on Yelp reviews. We all got chicken parm subs and they were absolutely delicious. Chicken was great and very well cooked, the bread was amazing, service was great. Our experience was so great that we decided to grab sandwiches again today before catching our flight. I called ahead and mentioned that fact and they had the sandwiches waiting for us on a reserved table. Phenomenal service and the subs were great again. This time we got the meatball subs, which were just as good. Definitely stop in to this place of you are in the area.
Excellent chicken sandwich with onions, mushrooms, mozzarella, fresh bread, tasted just like my momma makes. Awesome, tasty meatballs and cannoli. Highly recommend.
This place is fantastic.  First of all, the people are extremely friendly and eager to please and they brought water outside for my dog, which always goes a long way to making me a happy customer! :)  Then there is the food, which is so fresh and DELICIOUS!  You can tell they use very high quality ingredients and my Italian husband and I (who are very picky about food, but Italian food especially) were very satisfied! I highly recommend this place!  I had the Italian Tuna sandwich and my husband had the prosciutto sandwich.  Both were fantastic.  Give the Fella a try!  You won't be sorry!  I can't wait to go back. Often.
I've lived in Sarasota for over 25 years and have had my fair share of sandwiches. Mozzarella Fella is quite possibly one of the best sandwich places I've ever had. And their fresh mozzarella lives up to its namesake. Small place, but a must eat!
All I can say is WOW!!  OK...I am the first to admit I am REALLY picky about my cannoli so when I was offered to try one, I didn't hold out much hope but OMG!  Victoria is THE cannoli queen!!!!  So there was a huge plus before I even tried any of the other food (I got take out).  The chicken cutlet?  Outstanding.  The eggplant?  Outstanding. The salads?  Same .. outstanding. I will definitely be spending my money there again.  A side note ..... as I just had my knee replaced, I was using a cane ... Victoria graciously carried my order to my car without me saying anything. It's kind gestures as she displayed that puts the icing on the cake in my mind!!! THANK YOU Victoria!!  Sarasota .... don't miss this place!!!!
best sandwhich in Sota! Try the number 3!!
