My most recent visit was truly disappointing in comparison to prior visits and will probably be my last. For the same type of food and price Darwin's on 4th was by far much more superb in quality and taste.
Excellent meal, great service, every aspect of this meal was great.
Came here because we heard from everyone how great this place is - "was" may be more appropriate.  Made reservation a week ago, showed up 8 minutes early, "sorry, your table isn't ready yet". OK we know this game - we'll go to the bar and get a drink. No problem. 20 minutes later we were seated. Ordered appetizers - it took a very long time. They were excellent. Entrees took even longer. People next to us, seated after us, served before us. So maybe wait person was incompetent - still no one noticed. Wait person was inattentive in the extreme - disappeared for long periods. Eating Companion had the skirt steak while I had the paella. Skirt steak was very good, while paella not so good. Instead of rice, they served it over risotto, but not good creamy risotto - it was heavy and soupy. Eating companion had two drinks and two wines and felt nothing - she suspects they water down their drinks. After reading all the 5 star reviews, we suspect this place is living off their past reputation. The manager did comp our entrees because they took so long, but we would have rather had a flawless meal. For paella we'll go to Columbia Restaurant and for Peruvian, we'll go to Darwin's on 4th.
WOW!!!  I rank this as one of the top five restaurants in FLORIDA--PERIOD.  As a Florida native, I've dined at many fine dining establishment s around the state--Palm Beach, Lauderdale, Miami, Tampa, Orlando, Naples, etc....This place is AWESOME--The chef is from Peru and what he does with seafood is unbelievable...I had the mixed (mixto) Ceviche...it was outstanding....then the whole snapper..nothing greasy about this flashfried, then baked fish...just perfectly cooked and so tasty...It comes with a side of rice and black beans, but there's just enough beans to underwhelm the delicious rice but provide great taste and texture...the rice and beans are topped with julienned, fride sweet potatoes--again a great crispy crunch but without tasting like it's fried....the Banana Flan is out of this world.....Service by Megan was excellent...she's knowledgable and attentive without being fawning.....Just a great dining experience.
This is one of my favorite places in Sarasota for good food and ambience! My friend and I sat at the bar and got their Happy Hour prices! Good wine selection so I was enjoying a red Zinfandel of some sort. We ordered the Lamb Chops, egg rolls and my favorite Cheviche! They  make some of the best I've ever had!! I also recommend sitting outside for dinner or drinks. They also have a late night menu and specials so this could be any anytime special stop with that special someone! ( warning: it can turn an average date into something extraordinary ) Enjoy!!
Selva transports you into a great feeling atmosphere of lively fun with beautiful lights, pretty art, and an awesome decor. Selva is consistently great and a must visit for anyone traveling to sarasota. It has a chic vibe and a very accomodating staff. The only issue is that it does tend to get noisy. We eat here probably a little more than every other month and we have never been dissapointed. The welcoming hostesses help set you at ease when you come through the doors. Then the wait staff is usually very friendly. Selva is pretty much the gold standard of restaurants that my friends and I compare places to. Such as "well it's tasty but not as good as selva" or "you have to try so and so, it's the new selva" etc. So selva itself is definitely a stand out winner. To start the bread they give you is soooo warm and the truffle butter makes you eat way more than you should. The appitizers are good as are the drinks. We love the pisco punch for a drink and the rack of lamb or skirt steak best for food recomendations. the salmon is incredible too. You can't go wrong here.
Salmon Chileno might be one of the best dishes I have ever eaten - If you knew me, you would realize how big of a deal this comment is. Toss in some Blueberry Pisco for good measure, a $850 tab later, and you have a solid start to a Friday night in Sarasota!
Nice spot that was open late, with good food!
Be warned that the menu is somewhat similar to Darwins on 4th - apparently chef/owner of Darwin's used to work here before he absconded to start his own place...! My guy and I went there on a Tuesday evening at about 7pm and got seated right away. The good: Patio right on Main Street - people watching opportunities abound. The Duck with risotto was exquisite, the shortribs so tender and tasty it was a crime (my partner) - presentation was also visually appealing. Hostesses were very friendly and welcoming - big smiles all around. The ugly: Aloof waitress who was acting bothered that she was working our table yet she was all smiles for the other tables she was serving.  I don't understand how you would expect a decent tip when you're giving your patrons an attitude, I mean seriously. The prices - this is a pretty pricey restaurant but I think for special occasions it's worth it. The Hispanic staff were busboys, not waiting tables - this at an authentic Peruvian restaurant. Tip: if having a non-ceviche appetizer, you can split one if you're only two people as the entrees we had were sizeable.
Selva Grill: "Oh, I am sorry we ran your card for someone else's table. We can't reverse the charges. The pending charges will just disappear, eventually. You will have to take it up with your bank."
The meal was absolutely excellent. The service, however, was not. I had the Lomo Saltado, a wok fried sirloin that was cooked and seasoned to perfection. The meal presentation was beautiful, and the food was the perfect temperature. Those who I was with also enjoyed their meals very much. The service was not quite as good as I hoped from a place of this reputation. While my water glass was promptly filled and my napkin folded when I got up for the restroom, the waiter was lacking in the helpfulness department. My friends and I felt like we got no attention. Maybe they were trying to flip the table quickly? Or maybe since I'm not from around here I expect different things. Nevertheless, I did enjoy my experience. The decor and ambiance was just right and the food was spectacular. Overall, I recommend it, and I also suggest making a reservation.
We were excited to try Selva Grill and have some amazing ceviche. We were very disappointed. The lobster ceviche had a pungent marinade that wasn't appetizing. The portion sizes were very small for the price. The La Buena Causa had too much mayo and the potato on the bottom was flavorless. The best thing we had was the truffle risotto.  Service was decent. Wouldn't recommend....
YUM!!! We were town for a wedding and the hotel concierge at Hotel Indigo suggested this great spot in downtown Sarasota that was within walking distance of the hotel. We walked in and I felt a little under-dressed because of the white table cloths but they were very welcoming. Their menu is full of wonderful seafood.  I started off with the crab spring roll - it was presented in a martini glass - and it was crispy and the crab was plentiful. I also had the Mirin Roasted Sea Bass.  They ran out of the corn custard flan but they allowed me to substitute it with any other side dish.  I chose the truffle chive risotto - wow, that was good. Selva Grill is a great spot and if I'm ever in Sarasota again, I'll be sure to visit!
Outstanding!    Definitely go here for the food, the service, and the atmosphere.   I'm going again and bringing friends!
Excellent meal from start to finish. The Pisco sours are perfectly made with real juices. This was probably the best Pisco sour I have had since Chile. For an appetizer I had the Octopus Ceviche which was extremely tender and delicious. My entre was the Inca code which was slighty spicy with chorizo and rice wrapped in plantain, very flavorful. My wife ordered the Andean Rack of lam which came with truffle risotto and a macadamia nut pest (even better than the Cod). If you want interesting food presented well I recommend Selva Grill.
Another favorite here in Sarasota, if you order the right thing! Super cool Ambiance, it's very modern inside. The lights are dimmed but it's a little loud inside so if you're looking for a super quiet and romantic evening this isn't the best spot. However, with that being said we had some delicious shrimp soup for appetizer, it was spicy and so good! I don't remember the name but the waitress recommended it and it was delicious. The lomo Saltado and Seabass are both amazing. The fried calamari.. Also amazing! This place is pricey but in a great location and the food is so good. It's not traditional Peruvian, more of Peruvian with a modern twist and it works for them! Try it out you won't be disappointed
Quite an amazing meal. Appetizer of crab rolls and tuna/watermelon/soy special - followed with Argentinian salad and then for the entrees - sea bass in lime ginger sauce and whole fried snapper. We also had an Argentinian cab which was full bodied and spicy finish (dry). The only dish that didn't measure up to spectacular was the sea bass - we think the kitchen missed the proper amount of sauce as it came out bland but tender.   Thanks Yelp for another great find
Coming from Miami the Latin food here tends to be pretty excellent. I was a big skeptical of this place in general, but starting off with a perfectly made Pisco sour began to change my mind. We booked on opentable, but our table took about 15 minutes past the reservation time (-1 star). After getting seated, the service was prompt. The sping rolls were excellent. I opted for the Inca Cod, which was awesome, the hot sauce on the side was spot on. Everything about this place is superb, probably the best meal of the trip!
Excellent menu.. worth it!!! Great starters.  Entrees are really yummy! If you're in the Sarasota area.. and this to your choices
Worth every cent
Had mojitos. Short ribs. Rack of lamb. And the skirt steak. All wonderful. Worth every penny.
Selva Grill is a perfect sample of Sarasota, a beautiful destination where families go to catch some rays on white sandy beaches and old people go to die. The service we poor to medium. I think our server was having a bad day and she let it reflect with her service. We went on a Tuesday night, which is wine night. Lots of wine bottles were half price! The food was presented beautifully and tasted great, if not a little rich. Dessert was fantastic and also presented beautifully with crystallized sugar garnish. Price was a bit steep. Overall good experience with a little room for improvement on the ambiance and service.
Plain awesomeness for the palate! This is my all time favorite restaurant. You can't go wrong with anything here from the ceviche to the watermelon & tuna. Everything I have tasted at Selva has been excellent. Great ambience too!
I have to admit that the Sea Bass was absolutely wonderful. I also think that the Paella was better than I had in Spain.  I highly recommend the wild ceviche as an appetizer. The fish was chunky. I prefer it that way. We ordered the tres leches for dessert. It was dry, bland, and had awful texture. The service was way too slow although our waiter was quite friendly. It took 25 minutes for our dessert to arrive. However we were given the check as soon as we we ordered dessert.
They really know how to cook steak and should add more real steak options to the menu. I have dined at Ruth chris, Flemmings and The Palm in Orlando and will say that Selva blows them away with their New york strip. 2-3 good steak options like a filet, rib eye, etc and they will have a place as a fine steakhouse in Sarasota. Awesome!
An indisputable local favorite, Selva time and time again proves it's excellence in both favor and depth... While neither inexpensive nor accidental, selva brings the highest quality dining experience  to the table. This is the best of Sarasota's Nuevo South American cuisine.
MUST EAT HERE!!! PERFECT FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS!!!   LOVE This place!!  The food is AMAZING!!  Every dish is better than the last! We tried a dozen restaurants during our trip to Sarasota and this was by far THE BEST!!   We began our meal with an appetizer course of  Empanadas (we did half Spinach and half Beef) and "Picante de Camarones" (Aji-chili-spiced Shrimp "piri-piri" with yucca).  The Empanadas were good, but the SHRIMP WAS DELICIOUS!!!   Our table shared the appetizers and we were practically fighting for every last drop of the sauce!!  MUST TRY THE SHRIMP APP!!! For Our Meals, we ordered the: Mirin Roasted Sea Bass, Malbec Braised Short Ribs, the Steak and Lobster (a nightly special) and the Vegetarian Entree (Tofu Curry).  Every dish was A-MA-ZING!!!!!   The Steak melted like Butter in your mouth!!!!  The Short Ribs fell apart when you touched it and the flavor was DELICIOUS!!!!   The Sea Bass was delicious and the Tofu Curry was good (although admittedly I briefly tasted it because I couldn't wait to put another bite of the Short Ribs in my mouth!!!!) On drinks: I am a HUGE Self-Appointed Connoisseur of Pisco Brandy and the Pisco Sour.   I inquired about the brandy they used and was told it was "Acholado" (which is perfect for Pisco Sours).   I excitedly awaited the arrival of my drink, only to discover it was NOT Acholado Pisco, but something else.... and sadly not as good.... Two drawbacks to this venue: 1) The service is a bit unorthodox.  I have never had waiters reach over me to other diners or fill some people's water glasses but not everyone's.  Very odd.   2) Dinner service is VERY SLOW. Although the waiter (Shaun) was very sweet, you have to wonder what was going on in the kitchen that it took our meal ONE HOUR to arrive after we ordered it!! We placed our dinner order at 9.23pm (when the restaurant was at least half empty.  Our meal arrived at 10.28pm.  HOW?  Our appetizers arrived quickly- 9.37pm, but were devoured quickly. Overall though, the venue is delightful.   The ambiance is trendy yet romantic and intimate- perfect for special occasions.  The food is GREAT!!!!! ***NB: My hubby has been obsessed with whole fried snapper (ever since his local spot closed down).  I read that the whole snapper here was amazing (which is why we came!).  We immediately ordered the fried snapper, but unfortunately our waiter returned to tell us they ran out.   Thankfully, his "alternate" meal selection of Steak and Lobster was sensational.   (Ironically, my husband ordered the fried snapper, proceeded to tell the story on how the fried fish is his favorite dish but he has been unable to get it since the restaurant closed down and every restaurant since has been out of the fish when he ordered it.  The waiter returned in time to hear the the tail end of his story.  I could tell from the waiter's expression what was coming next...).
Enjoyed a delicious meal.  I loved my appetizer of pressed watermelon and tuna.  I had the sea bass which was very good.  My husband's paella was ok.  Very dark and loud atmosphere.  If it had been warmer, I would have dined outside.  But, overall, a enjoyable evening.
Excellent place to chill and hang out.  I love the vibe! The bar staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The strawberry mojito is awesome! I had my boyfriend's surprise birthday there and the back lounge area is perfect for an intimate gathering. The food is amazing and we have become "regulars" at this trendy spot.
Delicious food!! Found the place to be slightly overpriced for the amount of food especially the appetizers.  The only item that me and my boyfriend got that we didn't like was the tres leches cake. That was a huge disappointment. Basically tasted like they bought store angel cake and dumped milk on top of it.  But! Everything else was delicious!
We ate at Selva Grill tonight, after being told it was the top restaurant in Sarasota by several locals. We were not disappointed . First of all, the restaurant is lovely. We sat outside next to a wall with a waterfall. Sometimes when seated outside, I find the service can be a bit spotty, but not here. Service was top notch. I had the empanadas  to start and they were delicious. Flaky and the insides were so tasty. There was a Parmesan cream sauce for dipping that was sensational. I then shared the chopped salad. The half serving was just the right size and the salad was so fresh with a wonderful blend of corn, beans, tomato and greens. My entree was the veal chop, ordered medium a d it was perfectly cooked. My husbands sea bass was outstanding. We didn't order dessert but the restaurant brought us a plate with their two most desserts as a thank you. How nice . The desserts were  yummy. An edible chocolate vessel filled with dark and white chocolate mousse and a banana flan with banana chutney. All in all a top notch dining experience. We will certainly return when we are next in Sarasota.
I haven't enjoyed a meal this much in a long time. The service was fast and courteous, and everything was scrumptious! The best Lomo Saltado and lamb ever. Can't wait to go back!
You cannot go wrong at Selva, in fact you would do well to go and go often.  We have been multiple times and it's always a stellar experience.  The food is simply spectacular - it always exceeds even the highest expectation.  The vibe and ambiance of the place is also happening.  Perhaps the only drawback to Selva is that it can get quite noisy when it's crowded, but I view that more a consequence of its success and popularity than anything else.  Well worth the visit.
Staff is friendly, but this place is excessively expensive for what you get. Example: $4.95 for an espresso. A single espresso. Is it made with gold? Does it have healing qualities? Is it even good? No, to all of the above.
We have eaten here several times and have had nothing but glorious food!  The cevice - sublime, skirt steak - divine, inca cod - fabulous, and the list goes on... Always on the top of the list for Saturday nights out...
Best food I have ever eaten.  Swanky.  I only go here for very special occassions, as it is also expensive, but worth every single penny.  Call ahead for a reservation in the main room, it's more fun.  Order any of their special mojitos.  Their watermelon one is my favorite.  Never had a dish here that I wasn't impressed by & wanted to lick the plate after.  A star, king, winner of Sarasota cuisine.
Great meal, great ambience, excellent service. Waited on by Alan who made for an amazing experience and ensured we didn't over order. Highly recommend watermelon tuna, crab and chicken spring rolls,  Cuzco corn,  and Caesar salad. Pisco sours also excellent. Peaches and cream with three spoons was the perfect end to the meal. Highly highly recommend.
I want to give Selve 3.5 stars.  Not that the food and drinks and service don't deserve 4 - they do - but the prices are outrageous and value for your money is terrible.  However, since I can't give 3.5, 4 will do. Lets begin with the most important part - Starburst Martinis.  If you go to Selve, have one of these.  Then 2, then 3.  (This reviewer is not advocating alcoholism or getting stupidly drunk and should you follow my advice, then please have a designated driver take you home).  These martinis are awesome.  Have a lot of them, have someone carry you home (again, please don't drive, I live here), then have some more the next day. They have a great happy hour, though I forget at this point if its $5 martinis or half off (probably the same thing actually).  The bar is a bit dark, so not a place for boisterous happy hours, but its cozy and romantic and definitely a date place.  They have couches and some privacy in the back of the bar if you're lucky enough to grab it - just a warning though, they keep it insanely cold back there.  The crowd is also a bit older, but then again, this is Sarasota so what would you expect?  We're old. The food is delicious, too, but here's where I take points away.  Let me give you a couple of examples.  I have never actually eaten anything other then appetizers here because their menu is so pricey.  My favorite appetizer is their empenadas (sp?).  My girlfriend and I will order a  beef and a spinach (order comes with 2 total, and you can mix and match).  The appetizer is $12.  They also have a crab spring roll for $10.  Yes, a single spring roll.  I know it has crab, but that's still obnoxious.  You know what the bartender told me and my girlfriend?  I quote, "It's one spring roll, but they cut it into 3 pieces." So the value for what you pay for sucks. That said, this is one of our favorite happy hour spots and my girlfriend and I come here as much as possible - though typically only when there's a groupon or living social deal.  Word of warning  though, you can't use those certificates for happy hour specials, which is fine, because happy hour is the only time when the value is worthwhile. Finally, and I highly doubt she's reading this, but to the older woman wearing the horrible white and floral pattern dress who was there on Saturday, June 8 and ordered the $38 NY Strip steak, ate half of it, and then had them throw it away - someone should punch you in the face.  I'm sorry, but how much more rich and entitled do you have to be?  Give it to your dogs for pete's sake.  Have it in a sandwich for lunch the next day.  Something.  Don't throw out half a $38 steak you miserable cow. Sorry to everyone else who had to read that, but witnessing that really pissed off me and my girlfriend.
Our party of 6 made reservations for the Selva Grill, as it was highly recommended.  We arrived 9 minutes after our reservation time and were told that our reservation was canceled because no one answered the call to confirm and that we would have to wait another hour for a table.  We went to the bar to determine next steps, only to see an open table that would fit the party.  I directed the manager to place us at the table, as it was available and there were no other groups waiting.  - Yes, we were late, but generally, I have experienced tables being held for up to 15 minutes. The wine selection and food was great.  The braised beef ribs were wonderful.  Presentation was what one would expect with a nicer restaurant. Near the end of our meal, the server came out and began removing plates and place settings from those that had finished eating.  Two people had yet to finish, but witnessed wait staff reaching over those finishing to clean the table.  Those actions killed the appetite for those still eating and terminated any hope of having dessert at the Selva. Will I go back?  The good was good.  I wish the staff had allowed more time for the table to enjoy it.  We will find other places to dine before going back.
Went with another couple for Date Night. Upscale. Amazing food. Loved sitting in the open air and people watching on Main Street on a Saturday night - a show in itself! Our server Joanna was exceptional. The food was a melding of flavors and textures and beautifully plated. All 4 of us savoured our appetizers and main courses. Bar drinks were strong - perfect. Ceviche was tangy and fresh. Salmon was fresh and cooked to perfection. Steak was tender and flavorful. Dessert was out of this world - chocolate mousse. The entire evening was full of delectable flavors and a fun atmosphere. Thanks for a great date night with our husbands Selva! Note: We went last October - just getting around to posting on Yelp now...)
A very nice decor, swanker than I expected, and very attractive.  Good service. My wife had paella which was good but she said it was too rich, too much butter.  I had the Caprese salad starter and it was different with some creative greens.  My spareribs were outstanding, so tender you could hardly pick up the meat with a fork. Andean rack of lamb was very tender and tasty. Good risotto and asparagus with it. We all enjoyed the starter bread with garlic and truffle butter. It was pricy. I'd say not quite a good value for money. The food was good but not up to the prices.
Selva, is an outstanding restaurant. This is our first visit to Longboat Key/Sarasota and Selva was highly recommended. From the ceviche choices to the entrées to the drinks to the service everything was first rate. Highly recommend the Peruvian skirt steak which was scrumptious and also the lightly fried whole snapper. I have nothing but positive to say about this restaurant
Great place, definitely a favorite of ours in Sarasota. Solid drinks.  The tomato salad is top notch with an amazing sundried tomato infused olive oil and pesto.  The ceviches are wonderful.  Pretty much all the entrees are excellent too.
I can't stop raving about Selva. I would call it an unexpected find in Sarasota, but also just a great restaurant all around. Serving South American-themed fare in an elegant and upscale setting, I am already looking forward to returning on my next visit to Sarasota. We started out with the fried yucca and the sea bass fritters for appetizers, and both were exceptional. The sea bass fritters were really a wonderful new thing for me and the presentation was beautiful. For my main course, I had the Osso Buco which was among the best dishes I've had in any restaurant anywhere. The meat was tender, fell off the bone and the presentation was again really nice. It was served on a bean stew which was an unexpected addition, but lovely. My friend and her mother shared the New York Strip steak which was served with truffle-parmesan fries and that was also amazing. What's nice is that they charge $5.00 to share a plate, but then present each person with their own plate with the item halved and arranged, so they give thought to customer service and care. Selva also has an impressive wine and cocktail menu which was really great too. I had the cucumber martini which was refreshing and light, as it should be. My friend's mother had the mojito which she loved and my friend had a martini which I forget the name of, but was served with elderberry liqueur and orange blossom vodka, and was excellent. The dining room at Selva is dimly lit with a blue-lit artistic wall and the sound of falling water. It serves an upscale crowd, and the prices are a bit on the high side, but the portions are huge and the service is impeccable. If you're in or near Sarasota, this is a highly recommended stop for a unique and delicious place to have dinner.
I wrestled with this rating for a few days.  What it really came down to was value.  Ambiance is a 5, food is a 4.5, and service is a 4.  Value?  Not very good.   I came here as a party of 6.  I ordered a bottle of wine for the table.  The waiter poured me a taste and spilled wine on the glass and on the table.  A little peeved, I expected him to at least wipe the glass down, but he just smiled at me and motioned for me to try.  We each got a ceviche, since that seemed to be the major attraction.  Portion sizes seemed to vary wildly.  Mine was a Pulpo al Olivo, which I felt was the perfect size.  About 8 bites of perfectly tender octopus with a heavenly puree.  Others, like the ceviche de choros looked like an entree.  However, all were presented with the utmost artistry.  My compliments to the chef there.  A small miss on each ceviche was slight over-aggressiveness with the salt.   My entree was the Mirin Roasted Sea Bass.  You couldn't cook it any better, and I actually appreciated the simple, clean presentation.  Again, a little trouble with the seasoning-- this time I felt the fish was slightly under-seasoned.  With the dish came this corn custard flan.  Great concept, great flavor... just wish it were even a little smoother.   My dessert was a coconut and guava sorbet with coconut shavings.  I won't lie-- the thought of a guava sorbet finishing off the meal was what attracted my attention.  What I didn't realize is that the coconut would overpower the guava.  One of my dining companions disagrees with me, but I thought the coconut did a disservice to the dessert, rather than complimenting it.   Was the food great?  It had some minor, but overlook-able flaws.  So, why the 4 stars?  At about $85/person, some of those formerly overlook-able flaws become a little bit more glaring.  If you're going to charge that much, you better execute flawlessly.  Still memorable though.  And most importantly, we absolutely had a good time.
My California friends and I had an AMAZING meal here tonight!  The tuna and watermelon ceviche is TO DIE FOR - I would consider coming back to Sarasota just for that.  The tuna was beautifully seasoned, just the right amount of saltiness to counterbalance the sweetness of the (very fresh) watermelon.  The sauces (both in the dipping cup as well as the ones on the plate) were also really delicious - what an awesomely pleasant start to the meal!  (The bread, along with the truffle butter, were also great starters). The drinks we had were pretty good, though I'd say that compared to the rest of the meal not quite as amazing.  The mojitos were good, the bellini was ok (though strong and very sweet), and the capirinha was pretty good (great kiwi flavor). The entrees were also excellent.  The Lomo Saltado had a great flavor to it, the juicy tomato slices still make my mouth water to think about it.  The cod was really flavorful as well, with great presentation of the corn.  In fact, the presentation of all the dishes were wonderful.  The skirt steak was also really really tender (which is sometimes difficult for skirt steak), and the plantains were delicious. The desserts were also amazing, second only to the ceviche (and a close second, at that).  We shared the mousses and the brulee something.  Both were great (the presentation was beautiful!), but what struck me the most was the white chocolate mousse.  Chocolate mousse in general can be good, but the rich and full flavor of the white chocolate mousse was splendid! Overall, this place deserves a full five stars in terms of quality of food.  The service was a tad slow, but the quality of food makes up for it.  If I ever come back to Sarasota, I have no doubt I'll be coming back!
Truly outstanding food, served with pride by folks that don't dumb flavors down for tourists.  Selva Grill has at least one genius in the kitchen, pushing out magnificent plate after magnificent plate. The service was very attentive and thoughtful, taking their time to explain the dishes and give recommendations.  I had a full water glass throughout the meal, feasted like a king and walked out absolutely stuffed.  I cannot recommend this place enough.
The restaurant is over-priced for the quality of food.  I'm really, really surprised at how many five star reviews this place has received.   I've eaten here four times and have always walked away paying a hefty bill for mediocre food that was presented well.  Only thing that makes me feel better is the chocolate covered mint stick on the way out. I've had the sea bass, the chicken special, some steak entree, some other dish I can't recall, and while there were no complaints about the food, there's nothing to rave about thus the two star rating for this higher price range restaurant.   I will mention the kitchen is extremely slow with the worst being a 30+ minute wait one evening.  We watched them bring plates of food to the bar section, but we were left sitting for so long that other servers even came to apologize but no managers.  As I mentioned in a quick tip, I'd only return to the bar side for a drink and an appetizer before a night out and skip the dinner in the dining room and just grab a mint on the way out.
5 stars all the way to this wonderful, trendy, delicious restaurant in Sarasota.  I'm looking forward to coming back here on our next trip to Sarasota and have recommended it to friends and family.  My husband and I consider ourselves somewhat of foodies so by giving this place a 5 star means it's really amazing.  Everything we ordered was fresh, beautiful design on the plate and the tuna and watermelon appetizer melted in my mouth.  The best raw tuna dish I've EVER HAD.  That's saying a lot since I've eaten at quite a few wonderful sushi restaurants. The setting is trendy/modern and looks a bit out of place in downtown Sarasota on Main Street.  Feels more like a place in Miami-South Beach you'd go to. It's pricey but worth every penny.  Go here and ENJOY.
We went there last night on the 'Savor Sarasota' plan ($25 flat rate for a 3 course meal), and the food was amazingly good. Had the Wild ceviche (white fish in lime and cilantro, the have other ceviches, too) and the skirt steak with marvelously roasted plantains. Fantastic flavors! Hubby and friends had desserts, chocolate creme brulee and a coconut / guava sundae, which they said were excellent. We shared a bottle of merlot the waiter (Nathan) recommended, very, very nice. The service is wonderful. We'll be going back. What a find! Just as good, if not better on the 2nd visit. Don't bring your parents, tho, they don't get it.
Ok, you got your Maison Blanche, your Vizen....and your Selva Grill. What do all of these restaurants have in common. Great chef's that run these joints. We had the power play items. Tuna & Watermelon ceviche appetizer, the Sea Bass and the Skirt Steak. All were excellent. Service was some of the best I've had in the SRQ. I'm trying to understand how people gave this place bad reviews. The skirt steak was cooked medium rare and it was incredible. The plantains paired with the medium rare skirt steak is why I love restaurants like Selva Grill. It was a perfect combination. The Sea Bass was cooked to perfection and the polenta paired with the sea bass is a great move by the chef.  The Tuna & Watermelon ceviche is a great original concept and a taste new to the palate. Every dish we had had such great flavor and variety. The presentation of the dishes were constructed well. I appreciate good plating techniques and Selva Grill is one of the best I've seen. You get what you pay for at Selva Grill. That's why it's always packed full of happy foodies...
I've been here twice, mostly because of some deals from I think Groupon.  The place looks awesome, great atmosphere, food plating looks amazing, however there really weren't any wow factor especially for the price.  The service could definitely be improved.  Both visits, we waited a long time when we request things such as an extra spoon/plate, etc. or if just forget to get things altogether. Would I come back? Not really unless there's a really good coupon and even then I'd still have to think about it... It's just really expensive for just an ok meal...
Okay, so I wrote this review about Stephen Pyles in Dallas, " If I could eat and drink here every night, I would... ceviche and martini... "nuf said." Same is true if you are in Sarasota Florida...the chef, grew up in the mountains of South America and learned to cook outside.... The ceviche is amazing... my fav is a tower of tuna and watermelon, with a sauce poured on top... amazing stuff.
Had the last drink of 2013, here! And of course it did not disappoint! Fire & Ice is a most amazing and surprising yumminess! The place was packed but we found a couple seats at the bar and the bartender didn't miss a beat! I am looking forward to a return and order up some food ... Gorgeous restaurant and bar, very hip crowd.
I used to live in Sarasota.  By reading that, you can see that I know longer do.  But sometimes I miss this city and some of the country's best food that is made here. Passion isn't the only thing that makes Selva Grill deliver an evening that people only dream of  experiencing, because a lot of chefs have passion when it comes to creating an exciting menu.  It's the execution that seals the deal.  I've eaten here more than fifteen times, and I've yet to ever have something that wan't perfectly cooked, perfectly garnished, and served piping hot, or cold for that matter.   The servers at Selva Grill not only enjoy the food, but they know exactly what they are serving.  That in itself is more than words can describe.  The drinks are festive, the ceviches are amazing, and the entrees reflect a Chef who put his life into his career.  These are a few of the reasons why Selva Grill is the best restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of dining.   If you haven't eaten here, you are missing out on something that you don't want to miss out on.
My GF and I had dinner on September 6. We are both light eaters and shared 3 appetizers: Selva Wild Ceviche, Pulpo al Olivo and Tartara de Atun. The tuna was fresh and well presented, and very tasty. But, it was the other dishes that made this a very memorable dinner. The octopus was thinly sliced, just the right chewiness, came with a black olive puree and was presented in a perfectly ripened avocado. My GF just loved it and I found it excellent. For me, the wild ceviche was the highlight of the evening: lime and cilantro flavors with a hint of pepper along with very tender small pieces of white fish made every forkful a delight. The plantain chips were the perfect complement. The waitress was attentive and knowledgeable, directing us away from the more standard appetizers (which we were considering at first) to the white fish and octopus signature items. This was among the best dinners I have ever had including in many of the best restaurants in Naples, Boston, and New York.
Okay. Hands down. This is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Florida. In fact, at the moment, I can't think of a better one that I've been to. The service is impeccable and the interior decor is smart modern - New Yorky, if you know what I mean. Since this is sort of a Peruvian - pan South American restaurant, we started with a caipirinha, the Brazilian national drink, which I love. For an appetizer I had the watermelon & tuna ceviche - kind of a fusian ceviche, but it was fantastic. For dinner we had the Snapper and the Rack of Lamb. The presentation was exquisite and the meals were delicious and "cooked to perfection!" We drove up from Fort Myers to dine here and it was worth every mile on our carbon footprint.
As always. Great food.  Service by Alina was great.  One of my flavor items restaurants.
This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Sarasota. I lived in Sarasota for a number of years and Selva Grill is very consistent in every way. What started in a small strip mall years back has transformed into a flashier, much larger venue on Main St. in downtown Sarasota. The service in the restaurant and the bar has always been fantastic. The food preparation and execution is top of the line and the presentation of all of the dishes is very nice to look at. It would be hard to find many people who did not have an enjoyable experience here. The ceviche here is comparable to any I have ever had. Some of the best in my opinion are: Tuna Tiradito Nikkei (fresh sushi grade tuna marinated with ginger, soy sauce and cubes of fresh watermelon) and Mixto (shrimp, fresh seasonal fish, octopus, mussels, onion, cuzco corn & roasted camotes). The combination of the tuna and watermelon, one on top of the other, in the Nikkei is absolutely the best dish I have had here. I miss the original location as it was a much smaller venue and off the beaten path. However, even with the move to a mainstream location, the quality of the food has not diminished at all. I do think the prices are a little high, but in the end, you will not be disappointed with your food at all. When the weather is nice, they have about eight tables outside which are great. Also, the bar area is very nice, full of both bar seating and lounge seating and the bartenders are always friendly and quick with the drinks, including some good mojitos.
I used to attend Ringling so I lived in Sarasota for 4 years and I absolutely loved this place. I've only been here a few times but I really appreciated the creativity they put into their dishes. I had the duck, plantains, chicken, and salmon, and everything was totally unique tasting. Not to mention I thought the service was top-notch. I was with some people that weren't as adventurous and they did a great job making sure they'd find something they liked. Also, this place had awesome interiors/ambiance. It's really a perfect date spot. If you can get over the price, you won't be disappointed!
I am so impressed by Selva Grill.  I was in town on business and wanted to have dinner somewhere nice.  I yelped up Selva Grill and saw fantastic ratings and for good reason!  I sat outside because the weather was just gorgeous out that night in beautiful Sarasota.   I ordered the Mirin Roasted Chilean Sea Bass which was fantastic (check out my photo, it's award-winning)!  So tender and moist the fish would fall apart with the stroke of my fork.  It was marinated so nicely too with the sweet touch of Mirin.  It was accompanied by a corn custard flan which added sweetness and blended together so magically.  Bok choy was the choice of vegetable under this plump juicy fish as it all sat on top of a black bean sauce which added texture to the dish.  I saw the table next to me had ordered their Peruvian Spring Rolls which I was told unanimously by the three ladies next to me that it was amazing!  I will definitely be back to try more of their amazing food.  In addition to all the memories that make Sarasota so special to me, this just added another reason why I love Sarasota so much!!!
Selva Grill is fabulous - the food and martinis are delicious.  My party shared the cobb salad, shrimp appetizer, lomo saltado, tuna tartare, and the salmon - ALL of which were great ( the lomo saltado was our fave, would definitely order it again).  One diner is a vegatarian and was dissapointed when there were NO veggie options on the menu.  However the waitress listened to what she liked and the kitchen whipped up a delicious and great looking grilled veggie platter. The martinis are awesome, as we tried a few and I would recomend the bellini marinti. The crowd is a little older, a lot of older white couples - until around 10pm when younger people start rolling in.  Location is great as its on main street and there is a lot of parking in a lot behind it.
IT seems that I give a lot of restaurants 4 Stars but it is because I would not hesitate recommending them to a friend. This place had great food and nice wines. I actually had the stir-fried tofu on bok choy which I LOVED. My friend shared with seafood ceviche with me and that was delicious. I prefer that to shrimp ceviche. We had short ribs, rated excellent, steak, a little too rare, fish steamed in banana leaf; excellent. The spring rolls were okay but not great. Nice place.
I've been to Selva Grill twice, and both times the food was amazing.  The second time we went, the service was a little ho-hum, but that's fine, as I'm averaging it in with the first time we went to make an even medium. Back to the food: it is great.  Ethnic flavors abound, to the point where I keep expecting a herd of bulls to run by the table.  The Lomo Saltado was fandamntastic, as were the two ceviches I tried.  My wife had the flank steak, and it was delicious as well. The decor is hip, without being annoying; the atmosphere was very likable.  All in all, it's one of the best bets on Main Street in downtown Sarasota.
We came here because of Yelp! reviews. We were very satisfied with this place and it lived up to the reviews. We decided to go here first because of the 'early bird' special on Sunday - Thursday Early Bird Special Order by 6pm, 30% off check Order by 7pm, 20% off check They open at 5. So we got there around 5:30. Even without the discount, we would go back. But the deal definitely helped us decide where to go that night. We had empanadas, Salmon and the Skirt Steak.   The Empanadas were great, we did one of each, beef and spinach. The salmon was good, but the spaghetti squash was not what I thought it would be, the crab was mixed into it but I couldn't really find it. The skirt steak was good and the fried plantains were delicious. The skirt steak was off the waiters reccommendation, so there may have been something better on the menu, but it was still good.
I love this restaurant for its consistently tasty cuisine. I often bring friends here when they are visiting Sarasota. Its nice to take them to a hip, trendy place that has great food. The sides are as great as any of the entrees especially the Ta Ca Cho (a plaintain side) and the truffle risotto (enough said). I always order the tuna/watermelon ceviche (which is beautifully prepared and served with a fresh vinaigrette) and usually order the Heleah for my meal (not on the menu but the chef will prepare it if asked) which is a lovely lightly flash fried symphony of seafood. Service is great and consistent, the wait staff is almost always the same which I like seeing in a business. A must try!
Excellent! My wife and I made this our first stop on our trip to Sarasota, and it was a great kick off to the week! I knew that we were in for a treat when upon arrival at our table we were presented with warm bread and truffle butter... Based upon recommendation from a friend, we tried the tuna and watermelon ceviche ($13) and much like other reviewers - we found it to be light and refreshing. I had the Skirt steak served with chimichurri sauce and sweet plantains ($26). The steak was cooked perfectly to the requested temp (MR) -tender, and delicious! The sauce really accentuated the steak and the cilantro flavors played really well with the sweet plantains. A really flavorful dish. My wife had the Chilean Sea Bass ($36) the presentation was beautiful, like an underwater seascape! The bass was light and flaky and the asian marinade was present but not overwhelming, served with a black bean puree and a polenta flan.. It was delicious. Overall we had a great evening at Selva Grill, we found it to be upscale but definitely not pretentious. The staff was welcoming and extremely friendly, they were very knowledgable about the menu and appeared proud of the quality of the food that they were serving. We will definitely be back!
My wife and I had a top 3 meal of all time at Selva last weekend.  We split the crab crusted salmon with cinnamon plantain mash.  Absolutely amazing.  Great cocktails as well.  The menu isn't inexpensive, but not ridiculous either. As a sidenote, Selva also has a really chill bar area with a lounge and couple of couches.  We thought it was an excellent place to spend a few hours.
I Never thought I'd find such great restaurant in west side of Florida! When it comes to the sunshine state, people dominantly think about Miami! To be honest, I'm sick of hearing about Miami and I believe that Miami has lost its groove since several years ago! It has become so commercial that I think it lost its original taste. But this review is about Selva so I'm going to stay on the subject. So finally after I was sure that Sarasota was going to be the destination for my birthday travel several weeks ago, I searched for the best restaurant and came Across this fine establishment. I noticed this place was top rated and the reviews were excellent. I asked my friend whom resides in Sarasota to join me for Friday night dinner as her and  I hadn't seen each other in a long time. It was an opportunity to catch up and learn about this beautiful tropical town of Sarasota! As we entered the restaurant we were immediately greeted and we're sat at our table. As we were being walked to our table I noticed this restaurant was packed! The ambiance of the place is very contemporary and has a very cool beachy like atmosphere that can only be pulled off in Florida! My friend and I decided to start off with their  Tartara De Atun (Tuna Tartar) that came with this delicious cilantro and balsamic glaze sauce that was Devine. Their cocktails are also amazing as we both tried their wild berry mojito. Just perfect cool drink for warm tropical nights. Then came their empanadas, just amazing! This place also has a cool trendy bar in the back with a DJ and that caters to the late night crowd! Even tho it's a lounge, and a lot of times you can't find good drinks at clubs and etc, this place surely knows how to accommodate dinning patrons as well as the late hour guest who just simply want a drink! If I lived in Sarasota, is be eating here EVERYDAY!
Disgusting. Painful. Don't believe the hype. On January 2nd, I ate dinner with my girlfriend at $elva Grill. Since then, I have been reminding her to tell me to write a a review. Her reminders have proved to be unnecessary, as my sharp stomach pains, distended diaphragm, and sore muscles are constant, painful, reminders of this awful place. I booked a reservation here because it was the number one/best reviewed place for Sarasota, FL. After visually inspecting the place the night before our dinner, I made backup reservations at other places. The reason being that the inside looked like a tacky cruise ship, appropriately decorated with the +65 crowd and CARPETING. Disgusting. I love that one of these reviews says that the atmosphere is "hip and sexy yet not intimidating." If you think the pilot to the series The Love Boat is still hip and sexy yet not intimidating by contemporary television standards, you may agree with this assessment. Anyway, against my better judgment, and at the request of my girlfriend, we went to Selva. I can see why people are blown away by the waitstaff; most attempt to engage you in conversation while making crappy jokes about their preferences and boring lives in Sarasota, FL. My waiter, let's call him AC Slater, was rather nice, despite the fact he had a completely inappropriate haircut for ANY waiter and he had a "soul-patch." I'm not sure how the older crowd deals with this dude's soul patch, but maybe his faux-charm compensates for it. Regardless,the server was nicer than the meal could ever be. The beef/spinach empanadas were decent. They were comparable to the frozen food aisle versions you find at the local supermarket, except about $10 more and half the size. They were also the first great introduction to the Selva Spice! The Selva Spice was the flavor that tainted each dish; it had no discernible flavor among the food spectrum other than spicy. Every dish had the Selva Spice. I ordered the chicken, my girlfriend ordered the swordfish. Both sucked. The overwhelming spiciness of both dishes indicated that the flavoring was targeting the +65 crowd. The meals were designed so that the typical customers, i.e. geriatrics with weaker taste buds, could leave the place saying, "Oh my, what wonderful flavors! I've never had so much flavor on one dish."  This does not work with those below 65, and it does not work with my digestive system. The chicken was decently cooked, but it should have been anyway. The potatoes in my dish were twins to the home fries I had at the "Great American Grill!" Breakfast at the Airport Hilton. My girlfriend's dish was putrid. A soup of the Selva Spice. Vile. I have been in stomach pain since eating at Smelva. I also have muscle aches and chest pain. I hate this place. Don't eat here. After reading my initial review, my girlfriend asked me to edit the content. She thought I was too harsh. I've tried my best to make this as objective as possible.
Selva continues to be an okay place to eat, though it hasn't returned to its previous glory days, the food is normal and some dishes are excellent like the "lomo saltado" which is a mix of tenderloin, tomatoes and red peppers, served with fried "yuca" and rice and their ceviches, especially the "mixto" and the octopus "pulpo". Service is always good and friendly. I like the fact that the mixed drinks are great, the bartender knows his craft. Their "basil grapefruit martini" is delicious, made with freshly squeezed grapefruit and fresh basil, it is almost a health drink...! Personally I think it needs a makeover, the decor is dark, heavy and beginning to look dated.
Great food! It's pricey but then again they have some amazing plates that are anything but average. Great date night or late night! They have a nice bar on the other side.
I brought co-workers for dinner on a Wednesday night.  The waiter knew the menu like he wrote it!  The appetizers were incredible and served in ample portions.  The dinner entrees were spectacular.  The desserts were heavenly. Service was attentive without being intrusive.  A small army cleared the entree plates so swiftly and quietly.  Ninja busboys?   Just an awesome night.   I brought back my family on Friday night to celebrate a college graduation.  Same wonderful food and service!  New Fav!
Their food is amazing.  One of my favorite places to eat.  Dined with my friends last night for Savor Sarasota.  Considering that we had an awful experience at Vom Fass Sarasota up the street, Selva turned the night around with such great food.  Like many people, I love the skirt steak.  Ginger martini.  Yum!  The service is good too.  My only regret is that I didn't order some plantain chips last night too!  (Oh.  One thing to watch though is on NYE they don't tell you in advance but all the menu prices are higher.)  Other than that I say, "Go get some Selva!"
Best food in SRQ without a doubt.  Cool atmosphere, great tunes, and the food is great. Dont Miss : Tuna Tiradito
The husband and I visited SG while we were in the area on vacation.  A friend of mine lives here and she recommended it.  So glad we came here!   The whole space has an upscale, artsy vibe.  We were greeted promptly and presented with cocktail menus.  Selva has some amazing drink selections... The house special mojito was really delicious.  They have select bottles of wine for half price on Tuesdays which is why we chose to visit on a Tuesday, but their cocktails were so good that we skipped the wine altogether! We ordered the tuna and watermelon ceviche along with the chicken spring rolls to start.  DELISH is all I have to say.  Of course we all eat with our eyes first, and the plating at this restaurant is so creative and beautiful.  The tuna ceviche was so delicious, cool and fresh.  The spring rolls reminded me of a creamy chicken enchilada with a crisp shell.  So far this place was firing on all cylinders. For dinner we had the whole fried snapper which came with a small side of black beans and rice.  We ordered some truffle fries too, because we saw them at a nearby table and they looked amazing.  We also got a side of the grilled Cuzco corn.  The fish was very tasty.  They had just gotten it in at 5pm that day so it was literally fresh off the boat.  Very light, no heavy fried taste, beautiful presentation.  Black beans and rice were nothing outstanding.  Truffle fries were thick and had a beautiful color to them.  They were stacked up and topped with a tiny bit of cheese and were just perfect.  The Cuzco corn is similar in size to hominy.  I was hoping for a bit more of a summer corn taste, but it was kind of bland and soft.   By this point we were so full there was no room for dessert.  If you are in the SRQ area, make sure Selva Grill is on your list.
SUPERB FOOD!  SUPERB SERVICE!  SUPERB AMBIENCE! Selva never ceases to amaze.  With Jeremy managing every detail of the restaurant nothing goes unchecked.  Since Selva's move to Main Street at least 8 years ago much of the staff has remained.  Helena, Juan, Jeremy, Steve, the restaurant runs like a well oiled piece of machinery, better yet like an iPhone or Apple product.  It is people and customer friendly.  The drinks are wonderful, the food is not only fabulous but the presentation a work of art and the service is part of the pleasure of dining  there.  Life doesn't get much better than an evening at Selva Grill. Patty Lane Miller
The food is a little pretentious with over the top presentations that resemble a Jason Pollock painting, although Pollock used to paint while drunk at SG, it seems the chefs use of squeeze bottles (so 00's) while sniffing glue. Never the less the flavors work together and deliver the Latin flavors it promises. If I you are hipster or yuppie you'll feel right at home.     Me in the other hand gotta look for value and since we are about to hit a double dip recession try the late night menu like I did.     SUN - THURS 10PM to 11PM ~ FRI & SAT 11PM till 1AM
I love going here.  It's very pretty and the food is super yummy.  I rarely eat steaks but I love theirs when they offer it.  Just go.
We decided to eat here based on yelp reviews. The food was indeed excellent. The highlights were the mirin seabass and the octopus ceviche. My husband said his tofu dish was cooked to perfection. Our children ordered off the unpublished "kids' menu" which included skewers of either beef, chicken, or shrimp and a side for only $8. I was also very pleased that the waitress reminded me that our bill already included the 20% tip since we were a party of six. We all agreed that the lighting in the restaurant could be improved. The ambience is dark and modern, however, the intense sunlight from the large front windows overshadows the mood and the visibility of the menu and gorgeous presentation of the food.
My husband and I had dinner here Sat night after booking a reservation through Open Table. I noted in our reservation that we were celebrating our wedding anniversary and they greeted us with "Happy Anniversary," had an anniversary note for us on our table and gave us a complimentary dessert.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations.  Everything we had -- from my grapefruit basil martini through dessert -- was excellent. I loved the ahi tuna and watermelon tower. I never would have though to pair the two but it was very refreshing and tasty.  The crab spring roll was excellent.  My husband had the NY steak (with a tower of Parmesan french fries) which was cooked perfectly.  I had the sea bass which was delightful and had a really nice corn flan on the side. The food presentation was so impressive I had to take pictures.  The dishes were delicious and interesting.
Enjoyed our dinners here. Duck and corn risotto was delicious. Tuna was perfect.
One of the best restaurants I have visited in 2013.  Highly recommended in Sarasota.  The service was excellent, food presentation incredible, and flavor....wow.  To keep this short...Visit this restaurant!  (Make Reservations if Possible)
Ok I am gonna keep this real Brief!!! This may be my Favorite restaurant in Sarasota. I have loved this place since they were at their first location (small little joint on the corner of Swift and Stickney). I do not go as often as I would like (hardly ever!) because it is costly!!! AMAZING FOOD!!!! Wish I could afford it....
Great place, empanadas were tasty and nicely served, also ordered the skirt steak, really tender, juicy . Nice wine selection, will definitely go back. By far this has been the best resturant I have been to in Sarasota !
Still Amazing and consistent. Yes it is expensive, I agree but I think it is amazing!
The food here is consistently phenomenal.  Don't miss the crab cakes and the short rib.  Both are excellent.  The service is always consistent and it is in a great location.  Don't miss this restaurant if you are in the Sarasota area.
Plz plz filer your water.....such a great place - food the best around and they serve water that tastes like it came from a old lawn hose.  When I asked the Server about the water, she and the manager said they do filter but a table of 6 also sent their table water back...How about checking the filters or serving free bottled water for the times the filters aren't changed.
Dined out of season last week. In a word it is not on my top ten list. I am a native, dine out often (twice a week) business and pleasure. The decor is nice, the food over priced and heavy, the service good. Just do not think it is worth the wait or the price. Better offerings elsewhere.
Have a lovely meal at the grill. Seabass in a mango and pepper sauce over linguine absolutely fabulous
My go to restaurant whether I'm dining for one or with a business client. I love the atmosphere and the food. My favorite dish I order over and over is the Lomos Lastados. It's a very large portion size (if dining for one ask for half order), extremely flavorful & never have been disappointed by it. They have bar menu after 11pm for $5 per plate (worth it if you want to try dishes before ordering). Their drinks are delicious, especially their signature Pisco drinks. Indoor or outdoor covered dining. Good music, good service (most of the time), Lounge music in the bar area w/ some couches way in the back. Good for entertaining or being entertained. Convenient location downtown.
Wow!
Good
went there with some friends visiting from out of town, all 3 of us enjoyed our dishes, I had the Selva's Famous Skirt Steak, just typing about it is making my mouth water all over again
Despite the intimate ambiance and great service the food is not worth the price. There are many choices on main street so it is surprising how pricey the menu is.  I don't mind paying for superior food and presentation but u better deliver! The grapefruit and basil cosmo was very good. Nothing else impressed me enough to consider a 2nd dinner.
Selva Grill was a very delicious find in downtown Sarasota featuring an interesting spin on nuevo-latino cuisine. My wife and I had dinner here on the Fourth of July 2010, and were very pleased with the ambiance, service, and  taste/quality of our meals. It is one of those places that surprises you with its sophistication and feels much more big urban city than ultra casual Florida. We started off with a great bottle of Spanish Albariño wine - Paco y Lola, and split the House Chopped Salad as a starter. The salad was outstanding and definitely more than enough to share between two people. The avocado, black beans, and honey chipotle dressing really complimented each other. For mains we each had dishes that were prepared very similarly except for the protein. I had the Mirin Roasted Sea Bass which was prepared in a very pan-asian style with bok choy, and my vegetarian wife had  the Plato Vegetariano which had a similar presentation except instead of the flaky fish there was a big cube of tofu. The piece of sea bass couldn't be any better as it was tender, flaky and has a nice subtle sweetness thanks to the mirin which had been seared just enough to create a crunchy shell. You always have to be careful with fish and sweet sauces as it is easy to go overboard as the flavor is overpowering, but here it was used perfectly adding a bright touch and muting the fishiness just a tad. My wife thoroughly enjoyed her tofu dish as well, and it goes without saying but I'll mention it again, it is always great to find restaurants that go out of their way to put out a good vegetarian option for dinner. One thing I think deserves mentioning is the attention to detail in the plating of all the food there. There is a very meticulous kitchen at work there because everything was very deliberately arranged in a very structural way. Think a lot of garnishes, stacked foods, and molds used.Now I admit while it is beautiful to look at I also felt like the presentation was maybe a bit too extreme and perhaps a tad "dated" looking. I am kind of torn on how I feel about it. It is almost as if they playing to people's notion of what "fancy/pricey food" is supposed to look like. At least the presentation isn't being done by a Chef who is being pretentious and has to window dress the plate because the food won't stand up on its own. The food here was amazing, so the plating will get a pass. Besides the artistic approach to food on the plate which I already talked about at length, I really did like that an entire wall of the restaurant is a beautiful abstract mural of multi-color and blue swirls. It really was an interesting artistic detail to look at during dinner. The service was friendly, informed, and punctual and even though it was a busy hectic Independence Day holiday weekend everything was spot on for dinner. I think that Selva Grill is a great downtown Sarasota option for when you are feeling like delicious, fresh, and imaginative food.
Dinner for two!  Great Wine selection!  The food presentations were as good as it gets and they tasted wonderful!  We will definitely go again the next time we are in Sarasota.  Our waiter was very attentive too!
I have been to Selva several times and the food and service is consistently great. The ceviches are all very good, my favorite entrees are the tuna and the chicken. I am also told the lamb is outstanding. This place is swanky, make reservations and dress accordingly. Perhaps the best part of this place is the happy hour though, everyday from 5-7, great drink specials and cheap and delicious small plates at the bar. Their cocktails are outstanding!
Hurrah - Sarasota finally has a five star restaurant with excellent....everything! I had the spring rolls, Caeser salad, the snapper, and cheesecake for dessert. My companion had the skirt steak and loved it. We felt like we were in NYC at an upper East-side "in" spot. The atmosphere was just right and thankfully, not Sarasota-style casual (tee-shirt and shorts). We'll be going here on a regular basis. Please don't close down!!!
I was really surprised by the quality of the food when I stumbled into this place - all of the bar appetizers were delicious. The sea bass croquettes were the best! My one gripe would be that they serve just about the worst mojitos I've ever had. So just stick to the wine, and you'll be fine!
The best thing about Selva is the very cool bar with great drinks. They have a good happy hour, with inexpensive yet delicious small plates. Sometimes it gets crowded, which makes it very claustrophobic, but otherwise it's a wonderful place to have a drink. For dinner, the food is good but quite expensive, and the atmosphere in the main part of the restaurant isn't nearly as good -- just your normal upscale place with expensive food.
Everytime I leave Selva, I have a fantastic buzz. Even if I haven't had any drinks. Nuff said.
Selva never lets me down. Excellent food, drinks, service and atmosphere keep me coming back for more.
When in Sarasota you have to eat at Selva.  It lives up to it's hype in every aspect.  It's a perfect bar with a friendly staff and amazing food.  Whenever I have guests in town Selva is on the hit list.  The green sauce will change your life.  Order it with plantains.
Lamb chops perfectly medium rare, excellent ceviche, golden empanadas, bright grilled vegetables, interesting salads, crusty warm bread with truffle butter, potato and plantain offerings please the grazers palate. From Pot of Chocolate to Crystal Fruit glossy fresh with a mini granita globe : Desserts here satisfy all whims. Can you resist espresso & Godiva liqueur about now? And this is just happy hour at the bar. Well pours and House wines are names you will recognize & approve of. Sunday Monday or Tuesday Main St. favorite. If you don't like Sarasota city water get a Club Soda & lime. Enjoy refills without asking.
In a word the eating experience here at Selva is: Heavy. Every single thing we ate was so heavy and rich it was not pleasant.  The citrus sauce was thick and not at all refreshing or lite.   The plating was decent, but the complexity of the food just wasn't there.   I feel bad for the people who love this place...I can't help but wonder if they know what lite, complex food is like? The main picture on Selva's Yelp page appears to be the appetizer we started with.  Some kind of VERY greasy chicken spring roll.  It was pretty good, the aioli was very salty and heavy. All in all everything we had was O.K. but not delicious or amazing.   Service was good, though I personally don't like being treated like royalty. Dessert was incredible. I would say check it out, maybe you'll find something you'd like there.  But you won't find us there again.
Been here many times and the food is off the hook every time but last night the drinks were unbalanced, overly tart, and mojito we tried had what like looked and tasted like a glass of unmuddled mint leaves and too little simple syrup (how do you screw up a mojito?)
My husband and I stopped in for some apps and drinks prior going to a show at the FST. We sat at their bar area. I felt as if I was in LA, Miami or NYC. Very trendy looking. Male bartenders were nice , quick to replace the drinks and knowledgeable about the menu. We ordered the Selva's wild Ceviche and La Buena Causa. The food is VERY fresh. The ceviche was a tad salty and needed more lime (to cut the salt and to "cook" the fish more). Aside from that, it was great. La buena causa was divine. 3 perfect little timbals of cilantro mashed potato with crab meat. Very tasty. Their martini specials are very reasonable. Got a Ketel one dirty martini for $10. They would have gotten another star if it weren't for the fact that I found a hair in my ceviche! We didn't make a scene or anything, but -it wasn't a favorable experience. Bartender was pretty cool about it. Removed the ceviche from the bill and comped us 2 drinks. Might go again if in Sarasota, but will fork thru the ceviche several times before taking a bite.
We ate at Selva last night after the Ballet and the food was fab! Our server Aldo was top notch. Sat out front next to the wall waterfall and enjoyed every minute of my Andean Rack of Lamb and the atmosphere. Will be back to Sarasota soon and will dine here again! Drinks were strong and make sure to have a Salva Sundae which will feed 2 to finish off your meal. Highly recommend. All age groups were here and had a great time.
The service was good.  The food was way too heavy.  The soup was overly starchy and rich.  The caesar salad was chopped with some sort of starchy cracker and mixed with a heavy dressing, losing any lightness.  The beef cerviche was covered in a reddish heavy sauce, again losing any lightness of flavour.   The tuna with watermelon lacked flavour.  The spinach empanada did not seem fresh.  I ate much less than half of my order, my husband ate a bit more. The trendy presentations did not compensate for the poor food.
Been there twice, and both times were great. Order the octopus cheviche and the spicy, crispy snapper. You'll be a fan, too!
Very good experience.  Chopped salad was outstanding, the ingredients were fresh and crisp.  The vinaigrette (I think was  Citrus/Honey) was light and flavorful.  I give it a 10.  Main course of Paella was good the Seafood fresh and cooked just right.  Two down sides were the abundance of Red Onion and the rice was risotto like and I prefer the standard preparation.  Give it a solid 7.  All and all I would gladly dine here again.  Overall experience an 8.
If I lived here this would be my go to restaurant. The food is exquisite. Inspired, high quality ingredients, imaginative menu, perfect pairings, good portions, decadent flavors. The ambiance is really nice, sit on the patio if you can. The service was top notch.
On  a warm or slightly cool night, sit outside and order small plates and a bottle of wine.  We enjoyed every bite.   It's right on the main street in the center of downtown.
What an amazing restaurant! My husband took me here for my birthday on our visit to see his parents in Sarasota. We started with a delicious lobster mango appetizer and I had the salmon for my entree. Both dishes were incredible! My husband had the mahi mahi which he also loved. We highly recommend this fabulous spot!
Unbelievably good food :-) Classy decor, perfect service, great wines, and the menu is awesome. Ceviche was the best I have ever had, perfectly balanced flavors. I had the swordfish and he the whole snapper, both were exceptional. He had the coconut icecream with rum roasted pineapple, which was ridiculously good. MUST do if you are a snobby eater in Sarasota. Expect to drop at least $100 for two... Lounge is equally classy, great drinks and sexy ambience.
Everything was delicious. Food is artwork. Service was great. Definitely will go again. Bring your wallet, it's pricey.
You'll leave Selva broke, but pleased. Fortunately when I went, I was being treated. Get someone to take you on a date there. Sultry ambiance, too. The restaurant is beautiful, dark, and sexy. The food is also beautiful, in both taste and arrangement. Vegetarian selection is very limited though. I had the Plato Vegetariano. The sauce was rich, but not overpowering. The mushrooms were tender, and the tofu was perfect. Not too crispy, not too floppy. A tofu well done! I ended up stealing some of my friend's side of the truffle parmesan fries--so good. All the flavors blended really well together, no excessive "fluff" components of an entree. Each complemented another. Portions are human (vs. American) sized, which is great. Prices, however are not human priced. Despite the bustle of the restaurant, our waiter was very patient and kind to explain the menu to us, answer our questions, and make suggestions. This is definitely a restaurant where'd you should make reservations--it's hoppin'. Additionally, there's a nice looking bar/lounge area further back in the restaurant. Overall, Selva is tres hip, tres delicious, and tres expensive. Sarasota jewel fo' sho'.
Ridiculously delicious meal. The ceviches were wonderful. We had at least four of them. The Tuna Tiradito Nikkei with fresh sushi grade tuna in ginger, soy sauce and cubes of fresh watermelon was a novel take and particularly good. They call it "Selva's Famous Skirt Steak" and I will endorse the claim. It was superlative. Comes served over sweet plantains, beet relish and chimichurri. Also enjoyed were the veal chop and a really nice rack of lamb. Service was outstanding. Drinks were great including (but not surprising given the Peruvian menu) were wicked good pisco sours. A return visit is a must.
I love this place! We had a couple ceviche and the skirt steak with side of tostones... Unbelievable! I would highly recommend and definitely would return, delicious!
Overpriced goodness!!
Our dining experience at Selva Grill was wonderful.  Everything we had was delicious and very well prepared and presented.  The staff was attentive and helpful making selections.
I had been to Selva Grill so many times. This place is my favorite place for late night dinner. They have late night menu. My favorite dish is Newzealand  lamb and pomegranate martini.  I have to order every time I go.  Lamb is tender and tasty. No smell of the lamb.  I must say is the first lamb that I ever had.  selva grill is a place for meeting  friends or place to go hangout  after work.
Good food, good service, good atmosphere.
Excellent service and terrific food.  Wonderful and unique flavors in tasty combinations.
This is a fantastic restaurant!  I've been here a handful of times, but hadn't been in more than a year....Went last weekend.  Expensive, but worth it.  My wife had their skirt steak, which is their most popular item, so sayeth our server.  I expected it to be tough, like fajita meat....WRONG.  It was melt in your mouth delicious!  I had their Malbec braised short ribs.  Also excellent!  They have a long list of specialty drinks.  I love a dirty martini, so I ordered one.  $10 for a dirty I thought was a little pricy for SRQ, but I was feeling the swoon after one of them...clearly, there was no need to order the second...but that's what the swoon does to your decision making process.
Great drinks. Good service.
One if the best restaurants in all of Sarasota, excellent food and service will definitely return....
The food that comes to the table is consistent from meal to meal.  Staff can be awesome.
This is definitely an above average restaurant. The crab cake was one of the best crab cakes I've ever had (I've eaten dozens in Maryland). The entrees were very good, but we weren't a fan of the sides at all. I'm usually a sucker for truffle fries, but theirs were way below average. My wife's favorite, plantains, were unfortunately mushy and had an overbearing molasses taste. That being said, we enjoyed our dinner, and would recommend it to anyone.
Nice place, but feels a bit artificial.  I think the chef might be trying too hard.  I'm happy to go if someone else picks it, but if I'm choosing it won't be here.
Wonderful prepared fresh food with Latin flavors. Especially the lobster and mixed ceviche we ordered. .Our three year old grandson loved his banana dessert: banana flan, banana ice cream and a caramelized banana. Attentive service. We will return.
Their Spanish Caesar Salad will knock your socks off! Great service as well.
Has been for years our favorite dining place in Sarasota, but losing its edge.   Menu has not changed in years.   Kitchen execution is poor.  Many of the staff have left and replacements are not up to snuff.  Selva is not what it used to be, a shame
Best restaurant we've tried in Sarasota. New Year's Eve isn't the best time to try a new place, but Selva was excellent in every way -- fun ambiance, great service, fabulous wine list and every item we tried was to die for!  Best sea bass I've ever eaten.  Same true of tres leche cake.  Heck, even my more adventurous husband's shrimp ceviche was to die for.  He said the same of his tuna entree, and I the same of my lump crab with cilantro potatoes app. Can't wait to return.
I was really impressed with this place--the seafood was amazingly fresh, and nicely prepared. We started with a mixed ceviche that was bursting with flavor. I could easily see coming here for dinner, ordering 3 or 4 ceviches from the menu and eating just those!  However, we also had the empanadas (very good), the shrimp with piri-piri (fantastic), ta-ca-cho (interesting, but I wouldn't order them again), and the green pea risotto (very good). If I find myself back in Sarasota and in need of a fancy dinner, this would be my first choice. I would even consider driving from Tampa just to eat there.
Steak was amazing! Great place!
If you're in the Sarasota area looking for a gourmet fusion experience at a trendy lounge atmosphere, then this is your place, look no further! I began my dinner with the Pulpo al Olivo ceviche, octopus in black olive oil puree with a piece of toasted garlic bread, I made myself a form of bruscetta with it. I followed up with their Spanish Caesar salad, which replaces the croutons with plaintains and has manchego cheese and red onions. For my main course, I had the Atun a la Parillo, a tuna steak with a pomegranate vinaigrette and Japanese noodles. I paired it with a bottle of red. For the dessert, I had their banana flan which was as decadent as it sounds! All of the food and presentation is done by a true artist, whoever the chef is, he or she is a true artist! Highly recommend!
When I visit Sarasota this is first on my list for dinner. The food is both familiar and unique at the same time. Presentation is done very well and the favors really pop. I have had the rack of lamb and the osso buco. Both were done to perfection. If you like chocolate the pot of mousse is not to be missed. You can tell that their chefs are passionate about their craft. Do not be in a rush if you visit his establishment. You will want to eat slowly to fully appreciate what this establishment is all about.
I was visiting Florida for a 5 day trip in longboat key and selva was a recommendation for a quality "date night" spot. I made a reservation the day before for 830 pm. We arrived at selva at 810 and inquired about my reservation and was told they couldn't find my name. Luckily, they had a 4 top open for us. I ordered a classic martini ($10) And my girlfriend ordered a passion fruit mojito ($10). Martini was excellent, very strong with blue cheese olives. Mojito was a tad too sweet and juicy- not enough alcohol flavor yet still delicious. We ordered the special app- fried calamari with citrus slaw and a flavored aioli ($14). This was outstanding. Large size, well seasoned and crunchy slaw and the sauce was perfect. There were plenty of fresh herbs which complimented the hot crispy rings. I ordered the rack of lamb crusted with a nut pesto served with chive truffle risotto, grilled asparagus and a rosemary demi glaze ($43) This was amaZing! Plenty of perfectly grilled lamb, pipping hot risotto, and the sauce And crust went perfectly together. My mouth is watering just thinking of it now, at 10 in the am. My girlfriend ordered the sea bass, which came with bok choy, and a corn flan but she substituted the curry Cous Cous risotto for the flan ($35). It came served on a black bean purée. The fish was cooked to perfection, and was an excellent portion size. The risotto was slightly lacking in flavor and the texture was off- a bit mushy. The bok choy, sadly was nearly inedible due to over salting. This was disappointing because she loves bok choy, but could not take more than a few bites. The bass and the black bean sauce, however, were delectable! The service was just how I like it. Our waiter,(mark?) was not pushy, not over talkative. Very knowledgeable and answered our questions about the menu with ease. He was very friendly as well. In a word, efficient. Value: At $140 after T&T it definitely was a splurge but I think it was worth it. It was the last meal of our trip and really capped off the trip nicely.  Minus the salty(!) bok choy this is 5 stars. Check out selva!
I've been here one time with a private party. The food was amazing but our server was somewhat rude. Could have just been that night, but we got a bad attitude and he was not very attentive.
Ambiance and food on the upscale end.  Presentation and decor are an emphasis here, yet portions do not suffer either.  The menu is a fusion between Latin American and American ideas.  Ceviches and tapas to start with fish and meat as main entrees.
Absolutely delicious. I have no complaints. I've eaten here 3 times in the past and never have left disappointed. I wish I didn't live so far away now! I recommend the following - Aji de Gallina Spring Roll, Tartara de Atun, Inca Cod, Arroz con Pato, and the NY strip. One of my favorite restaurants while living in Sarasota! Oh, and the drinks are very good and well made.
The food was very good, the service was outstanding, the drinks were reasonably priced, and it had a great modern ambiance. I suggest trying any of the ceviche, and any of the seafood main plates. My sea bass was excellent, and my wife had a braised rib special that was to die for. The ribs did not even require a knife they were that fall apart. Thumbs up to Selva Grill.
Wow.  Shockingly good.  I had the mixto ceviche and the swordfish with red pepper risotto.  Both were excellent.   I have had great ceviche and great seaffood and this contends.  Perhaps I had low expecations of Sarasota, this being our first visit; but it was fantastic. Kudos to the grill cook for preparing perfect swordfish by the way!
So wonderful to enjoy fresh food at it's best!
Awesome Civeche!!! Best in Sarasota.  Had a great meal with Aunts visiting and service was exceptional.  We will be back. Thanks!
Some of the best drinks in town. Some of the best food in town. Happy hour is really reasonable and you can't beat the atmosphere.
I was there last night for dinner at the request of a friend.  For our starters we had the Chino Beef Ceviche and the Mixto.  To my tastes they were a both a bit salty but I did enjoy the beef.  Also a nice touch was the truffle infused butter for the rolls.  The main course for myself was the Lomo Saltado and my date had the Salmon Chileno.  Mine was just ok, the sauce on it tasted like it was a mix packet of taco sauce.  Her dish again tasted salty to me and was a bit overcooked.   The staff was extremely friendly even allowing us to change tables so as not to be in the middle of the room.  I know many people say how great the food is based on the reviews I've read.  Maybe it is that I don't "get" this type of cuisine.  But to me it wasn't worth the cost.  I've eaten in Philly and NYC at great restaurants and not had bills as high as last night.
I don't understand the buzz about this restaurant. The food is good but the prices are ridiculous. There are so many other great restaurants in town with much more reasonable prices, that I don't understand why anyone would want to go to Selva Grill.
Love this place!!! Just Great dinning...
What a good restaurant ! Nice atmosphere, excellent service ! Highly recommended !
Selva grill's menu is excellent, the Lobster Ceviche is a must-have.  Their wine selection is very good, the atmosphere is very nice and the wait staff is top notch.
I was shocked at all of the 5 star reviews for this place.  At best, the food was decent, and at worst, it was overcooked and way over-sweetened.  For instance, they ruin the lovely chopped salad with a sticky sweet orange marmalade mixture.  Service was also mediocre; the waiter forgot to serve the drinks we ordered.  Very disappointing.
We had been here once before and things were wonderful so when we made plans with friends new to town I thought it would be great to introduce them to here.  Wow was I embarrassed! Ivan, our server, seemed more interested in entertaining a table across the restaurant then actually serving us. We ordered a bottle of wine that was gone by the time the food arrived and he never bothered to come back to ask if we would like another and we sat for so long with our finished plates and empty glasses I ended up going to the hostess stand and telling her we are getting horrible service and I wanted to see a manager. She was embarrassed and said she would send him right over.  He NEVER BOTHERED TO COME!!!! Instead he went and told our server to come over. Who just grabbed one plate off the table and said he would be back with our check.  My husband and I were both horrified that we brought friends here and not only will we not go back but we tell anyone else not to bother!
Great food! Great service...:) exceptional presentation!
I really enjoyed the food there tonight.  I had two appetizers: the tuna tartar and the spring roles and was very satisfied with the presentation and the flavor.  It was on the expensive side, especially the drinks.  My date had the seared tuna entree which was also very ood and full of flavor.  The tuna was cooked through a little too much, but who knows how fresh the catch is.
Simply amazing food. Definitely takes a good while to get your entree once ordered, but it's well worth the wait. This not to mention that that atmosphere greatly supports a long conversation while enjoying some amazing ceviche over a bottle of wine.
This is our second winter in Sarasota and we have just begun exploring the downtown restaurants.  We picked Selva Grill based on Yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed.  There were 4 of us and instead of getting entrees, we got 2 ceviches and 5 appetizers.  They were all fabulous.  There was not one that we wouldn't get again.  The empenadas were probably our favorite but everything was very good or excellent.  Our server was very helpful with suggestions.  We went on a Saturday without a reservation but early (6) so were seated right away.  When we left at 7:45, every table was full and people were waiting to be seated.  If you love fine dining, you will love Selva Grill.
Never had a bad meal here.
This gets better with age.  Started with the tuna tiradito, which paired sashimi tuna slices with watermelon.  There was perhaps too much watermelon to tuna, but the favors were complimentary, balanced and savory.  The pork osso bucco had other diners jealous.  The broth accompanying was hearty and rich.  The pork was perfectly seasoned, perhaps it could have used a tad more cooking, but it was fall off the bone good.  The grilled Cuzco corn is amazing as was the green pea risotto.
Very nice atmosphere. Great food...I am picky eater and really enjoy it. Highly recommend shrimp ceviche.... Cod fish and osebuco awesome...
My cousins relocated to Sarasota a few years ago, and I finally made it down there for a visit.  One night they brought us here, and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD! Everything from the atmosphere, the superb service, the food...it was all wonderful.  My cousin has a lovely wine collection, and a lot of restaurants allow you to bring your own wine for a decanting fee, which we did.  The warm bread and truffle butter was a great start. Several of us had salads, which we told them we would be splitting. They served it already divided on separate plates. Beautiful presentation, and everyone enjoyed them. I had the Chilean Sea Bass, served with bok choy, a corn custard and a black bean sauce. I'm not a big bok choy fan, but if I could get these guys to make it for me, I would be the biggest fan ever!  Every bite was moan worthy....it was both a visual delight and a memorable taste sensation!  I loved everything about this place.  My table mates tried the Swordfish, the Skirt Steak and the duck, and big thumbs up all the way around.  I wish they had a location in Boston!!! Just spectacular.
Selva, is by far the Best Restaurant in Sarasota.  Great Drinks, great food, great service.  I hope the menu changes soon.
