Whilst staying at the Ritz, we thought it nice to check out Jack Dusty on the eve of my guy's big 30. Jack did not disappoint. What a hip place, with a laid back vibe, and the tastiest of eats! I started the evening with 'Jack's Tiki Punch'. I'm a sucker for presentation so the unique baby blue ceramic glass emblazoned with a sultry belly dancer made me smile. One sip and I was smitten. This is a hand crafted cocktail that will put hair on your chest. Cherry, coconut, a little lemon, a hint of bitters, and lots of rum and port. I'll have another! I'm feeling great, and our server, clad in khakis, and a chic denim apron with leather detailing (where can I get one), saunters over with a tin can brimming with a golden muffin top. Wait a minute, are they serving me Pannatone? No sir! What we have is the most delicious bread crafted of rum and an old sailor recipe. It was devoured with fresh butter. Delicious! Lobster bisque follows and its perfect. Main course Cioppino brings the flavor with a local caught mélange of seafood and a red sauce worthy of licking the bowl. And just when I thought it couldn't get better, the Key Lime Pie arrives in the most unconventional of manners: a mason jar. Perfectly tangy sweet with a perfect crumb base worth diving for. An absolutely perfect evening!
The Serious Foodie & Company (thesesriousfoodie.net) paid our first visit to Jack Dusty last weekend - and it won't be our last. We decided on the Ritz Carlton venue because of the outstanding al fresco dining, and the reviews of the innovative cocktails. We certainly were delighted with both the drinks and the view, but we were more than pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food, and the service. They were close to getting 5 stars from us - probably more like 4.5 stars - we loved the way everything was prepared, from their version of fried green tomatoes, to the fish special (a wonderful triple tail) and a comfortable version of New Orleans styled blackened grouper. We were very surprised at the clever use of local fresh ingredients, especially the fish dishes. The main attraction for us was the promise of innovative craft cocktails and the beautiful al fresco dinning. We experienced three cocktails during our visit: The Siren, Smoking Jacket, and Man Up. We were very impressed, especially with the Smoking Jacket and Man Up. The bartender uses Angel's Envy Rye in the Smoking Jacket, and we requested it also for Man Up (substituting out Maker's Mark) - outstanding combinations, and fun presentations. The team of Lori and Carl was knowledgeable and fun. Be prepared to spend a bit of money, but it is well worth it.
Seafood is fresh.  Atmosphere is laid back, comfortable and classy.  Service is top-notch.  I stay at Ritz-Carlton properties in the northeast and south often and can say with certainty that JD's is the best restaurant and lounge I've encountered.  Bravo to my home town Ritz!   JD's will definitely be a regular stop for me.
10/25/14 The seafood appetizer for 2 was sufficient for 5 fresh and well presented. Specialty cocktails well worth the cost,had the best sazarac since NOLA @ Roosevelt Hotel. Beef,shrimp and grits,lobster bisque were excellent,crab cakes good,but prefer less sweet Baltimore style crab cakes.Service waiter Karl was attentive,responsive and professional. A great evening,we will return. The atmosphere was multi-generational,enjoyed seeing family, friends,brides and wedding party members from at least 3 separate  post reception wedding parties that congregated in lounge.
This place was great! Walked in with a party of six and got some seats and standing room at the bar (busy for a Tuesday!). We were really excited to get to try some of the hand crafted cocktails they were offering and they did not disappoint! We got to try most of the menu before our friends took off and my girlfriend and I sat at the bar by ourselves. Ingi was our bartender and took great care of us from the start. He was bright, cheery, and smiled the whole way through no matter what was going on or how busy he got. He was truly the highlight to an overall great experience. If you're looking to break out and try some great new cocktails I would highly recommend stopping in. We really loved the Smoking Jacket which was a great take on a traditional old fashioned. Can't wait to get back!
Very lively for a hotel bar. Most seats were occupied and there were at least three barkeeps serving. Drinks were good, but of course with an expected $2-3 "resort" premium tagged on.
Admittedly we did not have high expectations for this hotel restaurant. Boy, were we wrong. From the decor to the service to the handcrafted cocktails to the meticulously prepared food, this place really was impressive. Let them dispel the myth of the hotel lobby restaurant.
Two dinners there this week. Exemplary service, delicious food ( fish, chicken, desserts) wonderfully prepared. An excellent wine It's and a vibrant dinner atmosphere. Not cheap but a great evening put on the town.
A nice renovation from the previous restaurant. It's so beautiful, contemporary, and chic. Ritz Sarasota really needed this upgrade. The menu, however, is still very similar to the old restaurant. Not that it's a bad thing, just not a whole newness to the wow factor in food.  The crab cakes have improved though. It was fishy the first time I had it there and now it's just right. The bread in the can is a favorite for everyone. The drinks are always great though, and service is attentive. The view is awesome. I love the patio, but what has turned me off was the attack of fire ants on the patio. I am still swollen and itchy from this weekend's attack. I understand it's part of Florida life, but they need to treat the area on occasion to avoid these attacks on diners. We let them know and they brought out an ice pack and capsules of some sort to treat the bites, but half a dozen bites later and I'm still turned off and in fear of attack. Ouch, ouch, itch.
We stopped in after our spa day and we loved it! Being from Chicago, we sat on their patio even though a major cold front had come in. Beautiful view and fire pits! Their bread is unique and delicious- it comes out in the tin can it was baked in. We tried a bunch of little plates- grouper cake (crab cake but grouper eat), calamari, picked veggies, oysters, watermelon salad with basil, and a few mocktails. Definitely pricey but well worth the experience and yummy food!
This is the dining room of the Ritz, renamed and remodeled from yesteryear. Still, a high level of service and quality of food, as you'd expect, even though it's a more casual setup. Lot's of options on salads makes it easy to order your greens. One diner enjoyed their cioppino, while two loved the grouper etouffee.  The 4th diner ordered half plates.  Great selections of wines by the glass, and I know we all enjoyed sharing the pudding. PS. Live mermaid on display on weekends!!!
Back again one year later. Service and food still amazing!  This year we tried the raw bar seafood platter. The shrimp ceviche was delicious! Then shrimp and grits - best we've had and we were just in Charleston a month ago!  We had shrimp and grits three times while there and these are much better!!
The food and the view are fantastic!  Ask to be seated outside.  The service was wonderful just as you would expect from The Ritz Carlton.  We started with Naval Brown Bread brought out, hot, fresh and served in a tin can.  Lobster bisque was creamy with large chunks of lobster in it.  Red brick chicken was well cooked and seasoned.  Lobster was perfectly cooked.  The coasters have fun tidbits of information on them explaining how common phrases came from sailing terms.
I usually love the restaurants at Ritz Carlton's but this one....left a little to be desired. My friend and I came here for drinks and a snack. We asked the hostess about sitting outside and she kept blathering on about reservations for dinner, sounding as though space was limited. I'm sorry but the entire time we were there, the patio was only 20% full and the inside of the restaurant was nearly empty. Anyway, we picked a spot and I ordered the Purser's Bane which was soooo delicious. I got the crab cake appetizer. While it was good, the portion was so small for nearly $20. My friend got a beer and a Caesar salad. Our bill was nearly $60. Which would have been fine if everything was worth it but it was just mediocre besides my drink.
Eh.   When you eat at the Ritz, you expect to be in for a gastronomic experience.   This was definitely an experience, but not a good one and NOT one I would recommend for dinner. We ate at Jack Dusty for dinner when we ran late for an alternate reservation.   Although opentable claimed there were no tables available for the evening, a quick phone call to the restaurant produced prime seating for our party of 9 at our preferred time.   The hostess and our server were incredibly sweet.  Placed us at a prime table, recording our note that we were here for a birthday dinner, bringing our high chair quickly and some crayons.   We ordered almost immediately as we were all starving, placing a request that the kid's meal arrive ASAP.   Our server warned us that the portions were huge.  With the seafood appetizer, three entrees would be more than enough.  We ordered: - Sea Spray (non-alcholic) beverage - Wench's willpower - seafood appetizer for two. (could feed four!) - gator tots (someone was curious to try them). - fried whole fish entree - vegetarian pizza entree - pasta dish for the kids. - steak entree Our drinks and bread were brought out immediately.  The maple and corn bread presentation from a can was adorable!  And the bread was DELICIOUS!!!   Our drinks were FANTASTIC!!    The Sea Spray was quite refreshing- loved it!  The Wench's Willpower was very good if you like berries.  The wine we ordered was delicious! Good wine selections! The ambiance was fabulous.  There was a live "mermaid" sitting on top of the bar, waving and interacting from above.  Her costume was mostly body paint and tastefully done.  Very cool! The seafood appetizer was indeed huge (attached a pic!). It contained an assortment of oysters, clams, lobster tail, bowl of crab meat, shrimp and ceviche.   The shrimp, lobster tail and ceviche were delicious.   The crab meat was avg.   I honestly don't remember anything about the oysters and clams.   I heard the gator tots were good, although I declined to try them myself.   (I am not as bold as Andrew Zimmerman! ;-)).   The Fried Whole Fish was decent.  Not as flavorful as others, but good.   The vegetarian pizza was fine for a vegetarian entree. The pasta dish was fine for the kids.   My steak entree was HORRID!   I ordered it medium rare, and it came out well done. Even worse, it looked and tasted like pork or some other meat.  I was convinced this was not my order.     I called our server who asked me to cut in in several places to examine it before offering to take it back and bring out a new one.  Our discussion took so long that I looked over and noticed that everyone was done with their meal.  By then I told the server not to bother bringing a new one as the rest of my party had completed their dining and was ready for dessert. (Recall we were here for a birthday!!!).   She insisted on bringing out a new steak.  I politely thanked her but declined, indicating we were ready for dessert and to celebrate the birthday.   She took my plate and vanished.   Twenty five minutes later she returned, not with dessert menus, but with a steak.  She placed it in front of me and asked me to cut it.   I thanked her profusely for her gesture and attentiveness, but asked if we could please get dessert menus as the rest of my party was ready and I was honestly fine and no longer interested in the steak (I was still turned off wondering what kind of meat was placed before me in the first place.  Did I mention I am not Andrew Zimmerman?).   She insisted so I complied, and yes, this did look like steak medium rare.   I didn't want it. Again I asked for the dessert menus and mentioned the birthday.   She disappeared again. By the time she returned it was a full hour after my party completed their meal.  No dessert menus.  I had not touched the steak and indicated so.   She left again, returned with a water refill.  No dessert refills. I got up to speak to the hostess about our cake.   She indicated it would be right out.   Twenty minutes go by.... nothing.   By now everyone was bored so we asked for the bill.   The bill arrived with my steak billed TWICE!!!  I brought this to my server's attention.  She removed one steak and brought the bill back.  My whole party (and those seated at a neighboring table) looked at my untouched steak that I didn't reorder.  Whatever.  We didn't care anymore and just wanted to get out and try to salvage the birthday celebration elsewhere.  We paid and left. For the price and considering the location, this was a HUGE disappointment.   **On a side note, it took the valet close to thirty minutes to bring our car.  Ridiculous.  A huge thank you to Jerry at valet for noticing and fixing the scenario.
Stopped into Jack Dusty around 9:30pm on Friday night for dessert and drinks. I wanted to specifically go to Jack Dusty for dessert and drinks to celebrate my birthday. My wedding was at The Ritz-Carlton in March and I love the cool atmosphere of the restaurant. Bottom line, not impressed. Our waitress was less than pleasant. Our desserts were served before our drinks ever came out. This is not the service I would expect from The Ritz. We didn't even receive an apology about the extreme delay in our drink order. Instead the waitress told us that my husbands drink order (which was recommended by the waitress) was a complicated drink to make. Would think twice before spending so much on dessert/drinks to receive such poor service.
For starters, the restaurant that preceded Jack Dusty HAD to go, and Dusty is not just a replacement, but an inspired invention.  Far from a silly themed restaurant, it all works perfectly here, incl. the screen above the bar playing "Mutiny On The Bounty" with Charles Laughton.  What could be better?! The maple corn/brown bread baked in a can could be eaten--with the rum butter slathered on it--all night, but please don't make that mistake as I almost did, as there are so many wonderful things to be enjoyed!  Crab and fried green tomatoes!  Shrimp and grits! Whole snapper with saffron and coconut!   If only I could've taken the elevator up to one of the rooms at the Ritz Carlton after my dessert (homeade icecream sandwiches), because I sure would've plopped down into one of their luscious beds.  Instead I somehow managed to get to the hotel's front door, where valet parking staff had my car waiting--Thank Goodness! Lori M.
In town for a few weeks with the family and the Ritz is a few blocks from home base.  It's in walking distance and I can always use a dependable spot to grab a drink.  So... my review is based on evening drinks on the patio and at the bar. As you would expect, all of the servers are friendly and very nice.   Very generous Veuve pour and a decent selection of bourbons and whiskey (could use a better rye selection).  Love the patio seating next to the fireplace, this is a good spot. The bar is cool too; seems to fill quickly but there is also service at the window with a patio view.   I've never been to a Ritz in which I didn't enjoy the atmosphere.  I agree that others may have more cache but I don't believe its a detriment to this property.  I will return before my stay is over!!
Enjoyed the raw bar, cocktails, fish and overall atmosphere.  We had a wonderful server.  I can't remember her name but she was from Traverse City, MI and was so accommodating and friendly.  She made our evening very enjoyable.
At the risk of sounding mean, I kinda rolled my eyes when my friends suggested we dine at the Ritz-Carlton Sarasota. On the other hand, I had read a more-or-less rave review of Jack Dusty in Saveur Magazine a couple of months ago, so my interest had been piqued anyway. Having been once bitten by a Ritz-Carlton Sarasota establishment before (do see my review of the late Ca D'Zan Lounge: goo.gl/PVKad), I agreed that Jack Dusty would likely be a different type of place, and off we went. I stopped in with three friends on a recent Sunday night to find a veritable breath of fresh air, both in terms of Sarasota dining and in terms of the downright awesome cuisine presented here. Jack Dusty's emphasis is on seafood, and that's where they shine. My friends and I enjoyed an incredible variety of fresh, thoughtfully-prepared and presented seafood dishes that I would look forward to returning for. We started with a raw oyster sampler which included oysters from the Pacific Northwest, Connecticut and New York (why no Gulf Coast oysters, guys!), and the fried calamari which was fresh and coated in a lightly crunchy batter. For the main, I broke the seafood mold, and went with the pork chop (served with an enormous heap of mashed potatoes and seasonal sautéed greens). This went over tremendously with the table and we all ended up sharing. Others I was with went for seafood specialties, which were all exquisite. Also worth mentioning was the Tidewrack Martini (of which I enjoyed two), an herbal, bracing elixir, impeccably suited for seafood. Service was doting and pleasant, and we loved the "can bread" served at the start of the meal, a slightly sweet, warm and light quick bread. I look forward to subsequent returns to Jack Dusty to enjoy and explore their unique, interesting menu further.
We were lucky enough to win a free dinner for 2 from yelp, but I think my review would be just as good if we paid for it. For starters, the maple bread they give you per-meal may be the best bread I have ever had. They serve it hot right in the tin can it's baked in - yum! Although we could have just continued eating bread all night, we did order entrees that were equally amazing. My crab cakes were perfect, and my husband's filet was equally amazing. Service was possibly the best I have ever had, including our meet and greet with the chef. Finally, Jack Dusty has an amazing ambience. The lounge is beautifully decorated and comfortable, and the outdoor patio has views that cant be beat. This is a great place for a fun evening out or to celebrate a romantic special occasion.
Inspired, but over-hyped.  Food was clever in concept, but over-priced and poorly executed.  Atmosphere is unnecessarily pretentious, but that could be a symptom of the Ritz connection. I really really wanted to like this place.  I will probably give them another try when the weather is gorgeous, since their water view and patio is arguably Jack Dusty's best feature.
Why 5 stars? Because this is the total package.   ---   ---   --- Jack Dusty is my all-time favorite ambiance at any restaurant that I've ever been to. The deck is nothing but a piece of heaven. It's the kind of place you could just sit and not move for hours. The drinks are superb. I am not even a big cocktail drinker, but the quality here is unmatched. This was where I chose to take my new fiance for our post-engagement dinner. I think that says enough as to my feelings on good ole' JD. Said fiance went with one of the steaks and it was succulent. I wish I could remember if it was the tenderloin or the ribeye... but it was amazing. I went big with the Maine Lobster to celebrate such an occasion, and though lobsters can be a ton of work, it was delicious.
Wow! Amazing. Shrimp and Grits. Fantastic! Purser's Bane, my favorite. Oysters and Calamari! Beignets!!! Rum Bread Soup Can!! This place is classy and modern. It is beautiful inside and beautiful outside on the patio. Comfortable amazing ambiance. The customer service is exceptional. You can't expect anything less from an establishment inside the Ritz Carlton. I came here for an event the night before they opened. Got to meet most of the minds responsible for this dining work of art. They thoroughly impressed me. I live in Tampa, so it will be difficult to frequent this place. A little more than a month after they opened I came back and stayed at the Ritz. I had a terrific time and this dining experience was the icing on the cake. I have been and will continue to recommend Jack Dusty to anyone and everyone. When I have friends and family in from out of town, this is one of the places that I will be very temped the show them. It is more than worth the hour drive. Great fresh seafood. Great drinks. Great service. Great times.
Let me start by saying the food here was great and the staff was very nice and helpful. However, when you arrive at your hotel at 2 in the morning it's a bit of a drag to be told at 11:08 AM that you can't get anymore breakfast. I heard another table with children complaining about this as well. The kids wanted pancakes. The waitress said something about how it's a small kitchen and they need time to turn over to lunch. That's lame. I really wanted the crab cake Benedict so I ordered the crab cake sandwich with two eggs on the side. It was great actually. Put the eggs on the sandwich and it was delicious. But at a five star hotel I feel like I shouldn't have to rely on my ingenuity to get breakfast between the hours of 11 am and noon.
Since being able to attend with the Yelp Elite event this past weekend, I was very impressed with this restaurant attached to the Ritz Carlton Sarasota. The drinks are all made with TLC, including hand carved ice! My drink of choice - the Purser's Bane: a mix of passionfruit, coconut, and rum. Hubby enjoyed the Sanguine Shore - a bit more of a kick and a seashell included! Food: I loved the appetizers we were able to try and mostly loved the fresh oysters, tuna sashimi, and ceviche. Beautiful views, a great terrace, and awesome service!
loved the view. loved our cocktails. loved our lunch. loved free valet. I don't care for olives, but my friends enjoyed them as an appetizer, along with potato chips. (I'd recommend not ordering the chips because a ton already come with the sandwiches). steak sandwich was cooked perfectly. chicken sandwich was also good.
Jack Dusty nailed. Jack Dusty has positioned itself as an indi restaurant that happens to have a Ritz Carlton built on top of it.  The good news to this is a wonderful staff with the "as you wish" attitude.  I've been in several times and they anticipate my needs. The food is hands down, 100% what I look for in dining.  The servers can tell you what came in on a boat this morning, what depth it was caught and the time it was caught.  The produce comes from local farms personally walked by the chef.  The drinks are hand crafted and the ice is hand cut from 20 pound blocks.   Everything is made from scratch.  My suggestion is to order the fish of the day, the cheese grits and don't leave without the Watermelon Salad.   The bartenders come in 3 hours before the shift starts to pickle veggies, squeeze fresh fruit and make bitters.  There are a couple of drinks not on the menu that you have to be "in the know to order".  One of those is a $3 PBR.   If the weather is nice ask to sit outside.
Beautiful location on the water (not facing the gulf but the intra-coastal). Extremely friendly staff with great service from Raul. We ate the following: Tuna sashimi - red eye tuna and as fresh tasting as possible Pork Rinds with a glass of PBR (nice 'redneck' version for an appetizer). Crispy & tasty pork rinds. Not a fan of PBR...hey, c'mon, it is served super cold and with a side of pork rinds... Raw Bar Sea Platter for 2. At $46, an amazing deal at an upscale restaurant.  1 steamed lobster, shrimp ceviche, crab salad, eat & peel seasoned shrimp, a dozen raw clams & oysters, side of crispy plantains. Purser's Bane rum based cocktail - takes 3 minutes to make but very yummy! Jack Tar Apple bourbon based cocktail - very smooth Some cocktail with fresh slices of lemon, lime & orange. Just order it.  very YUMMY $100 lunch. It's the Ritz Carlton and not some local yokel place.  Expect to pay a little bit more for the scenery, focus on regional products, investment in craft cocktails and very competent service.  You could eat slightly cheaper on St. Armand's but let's be honest, not that much cheaper for a full seafood lunch for 2 with several cocktails. Not 5 stars as I reserve that for extremely special, world class restaurants.
Absolutely fabulous. Best crab cakes I've ever had, personalized service, adequate wine list.  Nothing even average to report.
Since I couldn't review this place property on my first visit as it was total chaos I opted to go back again and give it a proper visit. Had a couple drinks at the bar and met up with some friends and we split the seafood platter for two, which was certainly plenty for us three girls. We had lobster, clams, mussells, oysters, ceviche. It was all very fresh, very good and certainly worth a return visit. Are the prices huh? A little more then you'd expect elsewhere but come on, it's gorgeous,, the seafood is some of the freshest around, and the craft coktails are some of the best around.
Beautiful patio. Decent food. My server had no personality unfortunately.  This is not to say he was in anyway a "bad" server. I enjoyed the experience, and will most assuredly be returning!
Had an early dinner before the Beach Boys concert at The Van Wezel. Manhattan Clam Chowder - hands down the best we have had...EVER. And here is a pic of Jack's Catch oh, those sweet, tender scallops enveloped in teriyaki sauce and fresh pasta...Heaven. I am not giving 5 stars because they 1) ran out of the fresh Grouper and it was only 5pm and 2) ran out of the house Napa Cabernet which is our fav
Didn't eat here, just stopped for drinks, what a great renovation of the stuffy old place.   The servers, bartenders are very nice and attentive.   The "ball" ice cube in my drink was unusual and trendy yet filed the tumbler like a baseball.   Cool yet would have liked less ice and more booze!    The atmosphere and circuses were awesome.     Worth a stop even if just for a cocktail.
We chose Jack Dusty purely on the Yelp reviews and had a wonderful experience. The prices are very reasonable for a Ritz Carlton restaurant. We were very impressed with our server, Don, and his knowledge of the menu and drinks. The cioppino was phenomenal, family loved the tenderloin, mashed potatoes and mushrooms. Excellent kids menu. We ordered the pizza and the chicken noodle soup. Both were big hits with the kids. Build your own ice cream sandwich was the perfect ending. We will definitely be back.
first the good news....restaurant in beautiful. okay, now the bad....last night my husband and i sat at the bar and had drinks and apps. the bartender was very misinformed (i think i'm being kind) about most everything i asked him. we waited for what seemed like forever for our oysters and when they arrived, they were the wrong ones. we almost had to beg for forks at one point. really, for the $210 (drinks & apps) we spent it was insulting.  first week of business or not, this is not what i was expecting at a ritz carlton.
For the price...  Go somewhere else...  Unless you want to say "I am having dinner at the Ritz"
A destination restaurant, for the location, the food, the drink, the service, and the management.  If i was going to open a location, I would want this team running it! Food choices are wonderful, drinks are creative and spot on (Jack Tar, I'm talking to you).  Service is actually what you would expect from a Ritz-Carlton - and then some.  Wish it was closer, but we'll return anyway.  Thanks to Gator and Patrick - Great job!
Thank you Jack Dusty!  I won one of your prizes during your grand opening party and had the pure joy of spending the weekend at the hotel.  Several times during my stay, we sat outside on the terrace enjoying the music and the view.  The customer service is incredible.  Every single person that works at the Ritz truly cares that you feel pampered and cared for.  No request is to big or too small.  After dinner on Saturday night, my friend and I left St. Armands because we thought it was kind of dead down there, and to our surprise, Jack Dusty's was where the crowds were.  We still were able to find a seat outside on the terrace and ordered a few drinks.  The terrace overlooks the Bay and the swimming pool.  It is just scrumptious.  Big lounge chairs and couches with candles and music overhead.
Let's talk about truly boring, less than mediocre food at the newly renovated Ritz Carlton Restaurant in Sarasota, Florida.  Having read an article in one of the local magazines it was my impression that a new Chef had replaced the original chef whose recipes had driven many local Foodies away, years ago. With restaurants like Selva Grill, Maison Blanche, Andreas and Vizen, why waste your time and money on such plebian food.  The Restaurant and Bar at Dusty's is lovely inside and out, overlooking the beautiful, blue water. A lovely setting for a romantic moment or a place to sit and talk over a drink.  However, dine somewhere else.  The food is unimaginative, tasteless and expensive.   Patty Miller
Incredible transformation of the former, overly formal,  restaurant and lounge into a truly unique casual-elegant space with an LA vibe. Seafood is the theme, but everything was perfect, with incredible attention to every detail.   This is a memorable dining experience, even when compared to the best in the country, and helpful, friendly, genuine service. Ignore the low-score reviews, written by folks who don't get it. Just enjoy.!!
Excellent ambiance, really great wait staff, and fresh, delicious food. We had lobster salad rolls one night and oysters - fresh, ice cold and delicious! The drinks are served perfectly chilled, I can't say enough about the new Ritz restaurant.  Not expensive for a five star harbor view, and beautiful surroundings.
Truly sensational.  The best meal I had this year was at Jack Dusty.  The roasted chicken (yes, the chicken) was transcendent.  Probably the best I've ever had.  The crab cakes were quite good (though not world class like the chicken).  The cocktails I'd probably give a 3.5 or 4, due to odd flavor choices (was that campari in my grapefruit cocktail?), but for overall ambiance (the view from our balcony table was superlative) and for great food, you gotta give this place 5 stars, especially considering this is Sarasota.
As advertised, they are laser focused on seafood and other animal based menu items. Not a good match for diners like me who are looking for plant based options. There were no bread options without animal products, and the featured bread brought to the table was made with bacon. They did accommodate me with a fruit plate and pan roasted fingerling potatoes. I could have ordered a salad as well. My fellow diners found the Cioppino disappointing and their fish entrees mediocre for the prices charged. The decor was sterile and the service typical of the commoditized luxury approach unfortunately in place at the Ritz Carlton.
Great Food, great drinks, great service. Jack Dusty hit every point of our dinning experience.
Just so so. Food was mixed. Ceviche was bland and under seasoned.  Mains were fine but not amazing. Worst of all was the service though. We waited 2.5 hours to get our main courses. Very unexpected given how well orchestrated the old restaurant was.
The service was excellent, and so was the food. The fried green tomato with crab appetizer with outstanding. My wife had the blackened grouper and I had the crab cakes.both were light and tasty.
Ritz Carlton, beautiful views, excellent service, superb food....who could ask for anything more...
Love the chic atmosphere in downtown Sarasota and it was packed.  Service and food were great!
