sarasotafoodies.com/hot-…
I love running into small places like this. My heart sang when I saw the smoothies and drink options. I purchased the Shake Your Tail Feather $14 almond milk, coconut nectar, bananas, carob, cinnamon, maca powder, salt, cayenne pepper
Unfortunately they were all out of the lasagna so we had the Thai kelp noodles and the flax carrot pizza with some wheatgrass and green juice. They were all amazing! They have wonderful outdoor seating where you can feel the ocean breeze.
Wow. I'm not easy to impress, but these guys knocked my socks off today! I split several items with two friends, and just loved it. Wow. A few tips... Ask for extra pesto sauce if you order the pesto pasta. Also, the lasagna with red sauce was amazing! And be sure to get the creme brule for dessert! The food is perfect, spot on, in flavor (which almost never happens!) and everything is raw, vegan, and organic. I cannot wait to go back!
This place is very nice and quaint! And the service was A+++! What a great find!!! I had the BK's Green Smoothie & it's hands down the best green smoothie I've ever had (even my 1 year old enjoyed it).  This will be a regular stop for me. I can't wait to try the entire menu.
I may be a carnivore, but I can totally appreciate a raw vegan meal, especially when it it is as thoughtfully prepared as the lunch I had at Ionie's.  We started with some hummus that was served with bok choy and rainbow radish,  and an Ionishi nori veggie roll that was insanely flavorful.  My friend and I split a Greek salad that was chalk full of kale, arugula, parsley, and marinated vegetables, but what made it great was the fresh lemon dressing and the whole raw rosemary, which was refreshingly unexpected.  But the show stopper of the meal was the Creme Divine.  Ionie's play on creme brulee.  The server/cook (who was very informative by the way) told us that they used coconut nectar to make it appeared "bruleed".  It was amazing, I would even go as far as to say IONIE'S CREME DIVINE IS BETTER THAN CREME BRULEE.   If you're looking for something new, different, and healthy, give Ionie's a try.  I mean seriously, who wouldn't feel better about themselves, after a shot of wheat grass, and a creative and delicious take on an all raw vegetable lunch?
Everything was amazing! Best raw food I've had. Lasagna on point. If I wasn't on a diet and hadn't eaten a dinner meal as my lunch, I would have tried the cheesecake because I've heard it's AMAZING
I don't get it. The place was empty and it took 30 minutes to make two juice drinks that were just ok.
My husband and I came here for smoothies- they were absolutely delicious! I also had the cereal with almond milk and it was really filling and yummy. The staff is very friendly and helpful, always willing to suggest new items!
We are into wholesome food valued at a fair price. Ionie is a gem that we can't praise enough. We are very discriminating eaters with varied taste interests. We love food and have now added Ionie to our Sarasota top four. Great service but only open 8:30 am to 3 pm. You will have trouble making a selection because it all looks so good. This is a totally unsolicited, non paid recommendation.
Absolutely delicious and special. Not a lot of space to sit, but the food is beautiful and so so so tasty. We had a very friendly waiter and even though the prices are a bit high, I would return for such thoughtful, delicious dishes! I highly recommend the pizzas and the Buddha bowl! Also the Elix this! Yum!!!
We are on vacation from upstate NY and searched for vegan fare on Yelp. We found Ionie. Wonderful service, wonderful food! I highly recommend the lasagna though the Buddha bowl was quite tasty as well. We ordered both and shared. We are just visiting Sarasota but look forward to our next visit and another fine meal!
I love the Creme Devine dessert. Also, Ionie, the owner is super nice.
We were driving to the hotel, while starving, when we saw a sign that said raw, organic food. We immediately turned in and am so glad that we did! We ordered the kelp pesto and, I believe it was called the Buddha bowl. It was so good! The kelp pesto is what we liked especially. The mozzarella was is definitely what made it taste so good. We also ordered the elixir this drink and the shake your tail feather. The shake your tail feather was a perfect dessert to the end of that fantastic meal. The elixir this was a healthy juice that reminded me of a better version of our juice cleanse we did a couple weeks prior. Wish we drank that instead! Since we were leaving on Sunday, we had to go there one more time before we left... Soooooo we went the very next day for lunch. This time, we got the lasagna, kelp pesto, shake your tail feather, and the strawberry shake. Oh. My. Freaking goodness. The lasagna was the best lasagna I've ever had in my entire life, And the healthiest! I am so sad that we live in California and probably won't be able to go here again. But I highly recommend it to everyone who is visiting and who lives in Sarasota. This place not only has delicious food, but the staff is so sweet and genuine. I'm glad we got to try this place, but now we have to leave. Sad!
