Ate here per recommendation of a friend on a date and everything was fantastic. The food was deliciously seasoned and prepared and service was impeccable from salad course to Creme brûlée and espresso at the end of the evening. I would recommend eating at Mozaic to anyone wishing for a fine dining experience. The bar manager even heard we were interested in wine and brought us a sample glass of a bottle he liked. Simply a superb experience. Well done!
I went here for my wife's birthday.  They treated us like VIPs despite being our first time here and being out-of-towners.  The service was impeccable, friendly and attentive.   We had a salad for a starter and it was fresh and crisp.  For entrees, we had a filet mignon and ravioli.  The filet was cooked exactly like I asked, rare, and the sides were delicious.  The ravioli was very good.    We also had the asparagus as a side and it was great. I have a food allergy and my wife is pretty particular about preparation and they modified their recipes to meet our needs happily. We had the lavender panna cotta and a glass of Argentinian dessert wine to finish the meal and they were great.
My wife and I were walking by when the waiter stopped us and asked us to come in and try a bite. I told him that we were only interested in dessert and coffee and he said come on in. The restaurant was small and personable, the staff were very warm and friendly. The owner was a sweet woman herself. We had two delicious desserts and great wine and coffee. If you come in and eat before 6:30 p.m. They have early bird prices. Either way the menu isn't overpriced. We will definitely go back to try the dinners.
Ok,  let's start by saying I had high expectations based on the reviews on yelp and opentable. I now think those reviews must be sponsored. Just in brief: We arrived early and although they had tables available, those were not offered to us. They asked us to get a drink at the bar but unless we poured our own wine, that wasn't going to happen. My wife and I were offered a table upstairs in a small corner and when we rejected that, I returned to the bar to watch them push two tables together so it was suitable for 4 people. Since we were only 2, ok I understood they had a party of 4 coming. We waited 20 minutes at the bar, and then were offered a table, suitable for 4 people, in the back of the restaurant near the kitchen. Getting the feeling yet?  Probably the most disorganized resturant I have ever been at. Then, we ordered a pinot noir, one of their best sellers apparently, that they were out of. . After forty minutes of waiting for our food, the waitor asking if we are wanted an amuse bouche.  At least he knew things were messed up too. That was a cold pear sugar soup. Yum (not) The couple next to us saved us by saving the scallops smelled like ammonia. We ordered lamb and salmon and it was OK. Just Ok and we will not return. Shame. We really wanted to like it
Great service and great food and wine for the price Taste of Sarasota special 3 courses for a great price
Tale of Two Cities Part 1 Finally, we had the chance to try out Mozaic.  We ordered the escargot appetizer to share, wife ordered the mediterranean sea bass (branzino), I ordered the lamb. The reputation, price and amazing reviews of this restaurant, we were somewhat disappointed. Our meals were good, but I was not impressed at all. The mediterranean sea bass was simply grilled and the fish was not as fresh as I would expect from a 5 star restaurant. My lamb dish was good...but again...you are dropping some major "coin" at this restaurant. There was no "WOW" factor here at all when compared to Darwin's on 4th or Maison Blanche. in terms of quality of the cuisine. The service was ok.  Basically, every aspect of this restaurant was good, but this was NOT a Five Star restaurant experience. The prices they charge for what is served is questionable at best. Maybe we caught them on a bad night. Maybe this restaurant has reached it's heyday...I don't know.  For a few dollars more, we could have gone to Maison Blanche and had a TRUE five star experience.
Thank you again, fellow yelpers.  Your helpful reviews led my family right to this gem on a recent vacation.  Having suffered a dearth of fine dining options in Bradenton early on, we knew we had to head to the "shi-shi-er" Sarasota for the kind of dining experience we were looking for. The first thing I noticed about Mozaic was the beautiful decor -- tasteful, colorful, and creative.  The second thing I noticed was that I didn't have to shout to be heard -- even after the restaurant was nearly full, I could carry on a conversation with my companions without struggling to hear, or be heard!  Thank you, thank you, thank you! But most of all, Mozaic earns my 4 stars for the food -- from the coconut lobster soup (my 10 year old son ate most of mine!) to the trio of duck breast, lamb chop and scallo, to the panna cotta for dessert, all were presented without fuss and prepared to perfection. The only reason Mozaic didn't earn a fifth star was for timing -- our first 2 courses were well-paced, but it took an inexplicably long time for the main course to arrive.  Leisurely stretched into "did they forget about us"? All in all, though, an excellent dining experience - one I look forward to repeating!
Consistency of staff and portions cost one star.  The place is gorgeous and a very nice spot for a romantic dinner. The food was delicious, but for the price the portions were a little small. I had the dinner sampler which includes arguably their four best dishes: the lamb rack, which was phenomenal; the shrimp risotto, also a winner; the diver scallop, also terrific; and the duck, which was very well seasoned but was served medium and should have been medium rare. Still, for $38, I expected a little more actual food on the plate. The HUGE plate it was served on only made the portions seem that much smaller. All four dishes plus the meager vegetable accompaniment would have easily fit on a standard dinner plate. Neither was there any salad, though the bread is fantastic. The amaretto creme brûlée for dessert was heavy on the creme and a little light on both the amaretto and the brûlée. The bartender was knowledgeable and very attentive. Clearly the most impressive feature of the restaurant! Our waiter couldn't  live up to the standard and was a little scarcer than we would have liked. We'd come back when we felt like burning a little extra cash on a leisurely and tasty dinner. But I would hope for a little more attention next time.
This place is fancy and they do make your meal look like art, which I praise them on, however, we were underwhelmed by our meal and OVERwhelmed by the prices. Fresh food, you can taste it so I do give them that. Overall, if you're looking for a fancier place in a good locations, this is it. Be prepared to pay for it.
Why the 5 Star Rating?  Excellent atmosphere, food, and service! We ate dinner at Mozaic tonight and it was everything we were hoping for.  The portions were perfect and the chef prepared each dish to perfection.  My appetizer was the soup - Velouté of coconut and sweet shrimp.  This dish tasted amazing and I would highly recommend it to everyone.  For my Entree I chose the Grilled free-range pork tenderloin.  It was very tender with a brandy prune demi-glace. Service - we were one of the first tables served tonight so it wasn't that busy right away.  Our plates were removed quickly and our server, Jeff G, couldn't have done a better job.  I would rate the service 6 stars. We had a great experience here tonight and I can see why Mozaic receives 4.5 stars.  My wife and I will definitely be back!
When you think about heaven, you are there! Simply the best Dylan, the chef is from morocco and he infused his dishes with his roots Just try
Perhaps we went on a bad night OR maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  However, I was not impressed or pleased with our experience here.  The downstairs decor is trendy and painted an upscale picture.  Upstairs is another story.   The wait staff had nice manners when they spoke with us.  However, it took over 30 minutes for our entrees to arrive.  During this 30 minutes our waiters were scarce - not even to offer an apology or notification on when we could expect our very tardy meals.  Once the food arrived the plates were SUPER hot - which is usually an indication the plate has been sitting in expedite station under heat lamps for a while....which is not okay when you're pay $32 a plate.   I LOVE pan seared sea scallops so that's what I ordered.  They were glazed with too much butter and the sear tasted as it had crossed the line into burnt.  My husband had the duck which was so so (an excessively fatty cut of the duck if you ask me).  My mother-in-law had the pork which was delicious!  I did enjoy the beets which were in the veggies.  A small gazpacho (I believe that's what it was) was served between our appetizer and entrees - it was delicious with a hint of mint!  When we return to Sarasota - we will NOT be visiting Mozaic again!  There are many other great restaurants in the same area - try those instead!
First time at Mozaic and I will definetly return. Appetizer The tempura escargot was amazing, like no other escargot I have ever had before. Entrée The Seared Sea Scallops were massive and seared to perfection. The vegitable medley on the side was amazing too, they were fresh crunchy. The Lamb chops were also great served with a lamb sausage and mashed potatoes. All the items on the menu sounded excellent and it was honestly hard to choose and entrée. Both entrees were excellent. We look forward to trying other items on the menu soon.
Our dinner was SOOOO good. Party of 7. Ordered a ton of stuff. Really great:  house made gravlax, lobster coconut soup, escargot, rack of lamb, grilled salmon with chèvre soufflé, mussels, duck. Also outstanding: mushroom app and mushroom side dish. (Unbelievably tasty "setas"). Really good but not extraordinary shrimp risotto, veggie risotto. One dish was a real miss and was returned to the kitchen: rare beef. It came out medium rare and was tough. The server apologized profusely and when we declined a 2nd try or another dish, they provided a gratis dessert. So one bad dish out of about 20, a 5% miss. We tried different coffees- all perfectly prepared and piping hot. Desserts: the chocolate medley would have sufficed for our table of 7. Creme brulle and bittersweet chocolate pot de creme-  good but not exceptional. Molten choc cake was the best. Plating was uniformly lovely. Service very nicely attentive. Yes, it is a bit expensive but VERY well worth it.
I absolutely love this place.  The food is always wonderful.  My favorite dish is a combination of duck, lamb and diver scallops.  Each protein cooked to perfection with every subtle flavor fully experienced and not covered in sauces as so many places do.  You can expect to spend some money here but you won't be disappointed.  A great place for special occasions.  The chef who hails from Morocco brings a rich "mosaic" of flavors and dishes from the entire Mediterranean region. Bright, colorful and cheerful atmosphere.
We explored downtown Sarasota around dinner time.  We decided we wanted a nice meal, so we chose to eat at Mozaic.   They had a fixed price menu for $29, which allowed us to have a three course dinner.   Since the seafood options were intriguing me, I decided to have a glass of pinot grigio.   For an amuse-bouche, we were given a cold soup, which was lemony.   The warm bread was delicious and came with oil and balsamic vinaigrette for dipping.   For my first course, I chose the Lime-leaf-scented lobster velouté with chives Boursin gougère.  It reminded me of lobster bisque.   For my second course, I had Escargots and applewood smoked bacon with thyme and mustard à l'ancienne.  I hadn't had escargots in a while, but I enjoyed it and of course the bacon was a nice flavor. Finally for my main course, I had Baked New Zealand green lip mussels on the half shell in cioppino broth with onion ciabatta.  The mussels were good and the bread was excellent to dip in the broth.   Guillermo had Oregano and horseradish rubbed flat iron steak w/ mustard mashed potatoes & green peppercorn diane sauce.  It was good, but he ordered it well done, which is my least favorite temperature for steaks.   ] Garrett's entree was the Pan-seared Ahi tuna over couscous with charred lime and preserved lemon-fennel-olive sauce.  I tasted it and I loved the tuna.   If you're in Sarasota and wanted a fancy meal, without being too expensive, give Mozaic a try.
I was so excited to have dinner here based on the reviews. Unfortunately I was a little underwhelmed. Pretty place, nice ambiance and excellent service. However, the food we ordered was not up to par. The blue crab salad was bland and felt processed. The presentation was beautiful but no flavor. My dinner date ordered an arugula salad which was just piled on a plate, tasty but no presentation. The pumpkin ravioli was tasty. All in all I would give Mozaic another try - perhaps it was just an off night. I must say our waiter Amador was the highlight, such a delightful man. Ask for his section if you dine here.
We went to Mozaic last night for my husband's birthday dinner and had a fabulous meal. We have been twice  before and it was the best yet. Every dish was delicious. One of us had the short ribs and cannellini beans with chocolate which was terrific. The dark chocolate flavor blended perfectly with the tender short ribs. My husband had rack of lamb which was perfectly cooked.   Also, I could have ordered almost anything on the menu, unlike some other high-end restaurants where there are a lot of strange things on the menu or everything is so complicated that you don't know what you are getting. I highly recommend Mozaic!
Food was delicious, service was excellent, atmosphere was cozy. Nothing to complain about. I had the halibut special, and my wife had the Wagyu steak and scallops. Both were outstanding.
My wife and I had an amazing dinner before a show in Sarasota.  My snapper was perfectly cooked and seasoned and was served with best risotto I have ever had.  My wife had a lobster soup that was out of this world.  It was not bisque, but similar (I forgot the exact name) but not as heavy or filling.
Mozaic may be the most upscale restaurant in Sarasota. Even compared to other tried-and-true favorites in the Downtown area, this restaurant is really a standout among its peers, and I have a hard time thinking of anything negative to say about it. The menu presents an eclectic and refreshing offering of Moroccan-influenced continental dishes that infuse new flavors and elegant presentation for a unique dining experience. I started my meal with the arugula salad which was served with lavender-infused honey and goat cheese, and that was excellent. My friend had the cauliflower soup and said it was also great. For the entrée, I had the anise-roasted duck breast, which was a first for me and definitely something I would go back for. My friend had the veal shank tagine, which was (in my opinion) a very authentically Moroccan dish and presented really nicely. Dessert was a flourless walnut and pear cake served with saffron ice cream and it was delightful. We were lucky to get in on a recent Saturday night when there was apparently only one unreserved table left, and even in the quiet month of September, the place was packed. The crowd is subdued and the overall atmosphere is elegant and a bit romantic. The dimly lit, thoughtfully decorated restaurant spans two floors in a narrow space, which makes it feel quite intimate. There is an extensive wine list with some very different offerings and the wait staff has great recommendations. On that note, service is also impeccable and the servers and knowledgeable but casual which is nice. The price level here reflects the upscale atmosphere and degree of quality in the dishes, so it is a little expensive, but worth the cost. My only real qualm is that there is no full bar (only wine, I believe), but with a wine list this extensive, that doesn't present much of a problem. Overall, one of Sarasota's best and highly recommended if you're ever in the area.
A group of us out-of-towners had heard good things but we thought the food and service were horrible. We each tried the Taste of Sarasota menu. Usually a three hour meal includes 10 or more courses. Our three hour journey only included three. Each time we ordered a bottle of wine for the next course we finished the wine waiting for the course to arrive. I can only tell you about my meal because no one in my party was interested in trying anyone else's food. Particularly revolting were the brandade balls: a dense wad of burlap deep fried earlier in the day then microwaved. Useful for bait perhaps but shocking that this dish is on a menu anywhere. None of our entrees were composed dishes. No matter the protein we each had a gelatinous sauce and the same arrangement of veg - nothing that went together. Zero creativity. Our overwhelmed server relaxed her grip on professionalism early in the night, favoring the idea of giving up along with us. I find it disconcerting that this place has garnered good reviews. Food experts you are not.
I wish we could spend $100 every week on a dinner; I'd eat here more often.  It was a real treat to dine here.  Food and service were amazing.  The restaurant is tiny but minimalist, so you still have your space (see photo).  There are only a handful of tables and it seems servers are given a limited # of tables, so they are especially attentive.   Our meal started off with a complimentary taste of chilled lemongrass soup of some sort and was finished with chocolate and shortbread - a nice touch.  I had the lamb, duck and scallops, which was amazing.  The duck was so tender, the scallops perfect and the lamb with a delicious sauce - all not too salty, hooray.  It was served with delicious gratin potatoes and I think fennel - soooo good!  We were there for the last day of the couscous night, so my husband ordered one of the dishes and it was out of this world flavorful and what you would expect from a Mediterranean chef. I don't even like couscous and loved it.  It would be difficult to get a table at this restaurant if it were in a metropolitan area.  Sarasota is lucky to have it here.
My husband and I moved to the Sarasota area from San Francisco. So far we've been mostly disappointed in the lack of quality food in the area. Mozaic is a beacon of (colorful) light in the darkness that is this area's culinary scene. First of all, we began our meal with an amouse bouche. Normally found in uptight restaurants, this was instead an invigorating apricot-ginger shot that did indeed amuse the mouth. The bread was a solidly good ciabatta roll, served with some of the best olive oil I've ever had: strong, fruity, with a subtle hint of pepper. Olive oil fans, check out "Vigo" olive oil, which is what they use at Mozaic. A token note about the wine list: it's a varied selection of Napa and European wines, with handy 3 and 6 oz glass options for those of us who want a little taste but not to feel the effects. My appetizer was the asparagus soup, which was fresh and creamy without tasting fatty. It was served with a goat cheese crostini, perfect for wiping the bowl for the last drops. My husband's appetizer was the escargot, served with the best "gravy" we've ever tasted. Using creme fraiche and strongly flavored shiitake mushrooms was a very refreshing change from the usual boring garlic butter sauce. My entree was the Mediterranean bass in a flavorful broth, served fileted with the skin on, a wonderful touch. As someone who won't eat Chilean bass anymore for environmental reasons, it was great to see a restaurant serve an alternative that is as tasty as it is eco-friendly. The two truffle ravioli it came with were decadent, no wonder they also serve them as an appetizer, entree and side! I had the asparagus side; the stalks were roasted to perfection and drizzled with a tangy mustard sauce. My husband's duck breast was cooked to perfection, juicy and tender. His potatoes au gratin was so tasty (and not overly cheesy) that I stole half of it. People used to restaurants at this price level may also expect tiny portions. Not to worry, my stomach was stuffed and even my chocolate stomach (that's the separate organ that always has room at dessert time) was full. Which reminds me: dessert. We had the chocolate sampler, which was generous portions of several of their desserts. I am usually indifferent to creme brulee. Not anymore! I do recommend sharing this between more than two people, as even a chocolate lover such as myself was barely able to finish my half. To top off the fabulous food, our waiter Bruce was excellent. He stopped by at regular but not too frequent intervals and I would frequently look up to see him surreptitiously checking out our table to make sure we looked content. He has mastered the art of arriving at appropriate moments, as opposed to most waiters who wait until you've shoved a large forkful of food into your mouth to ask you how your meal is. We watched some of the younger waiters and they seemed unpolished compared to Bruce, so we feel fortunate to have had him for our first meal. This is not the cheapest restaurant by far, but if money isn't an issue, go often. If it is, save up and go for a special occasion. Mozaic is worth every penny.
One of the fanciest, most upscale places in Sarasota.  Its a very small spot, with 2 floors surrounded by many different wine cabinets and wine holders, so immediately you know the wine selection will be excellent.  I dont drink wine regularly so I relied on the rest of my party to make the picks, but whatever we had was great. The menu isn't huge, but that doesn't matter because everything on the menu is original and straight delicious.  The chef is extremely creative in the ingredients and things he puts together in each dish.  I ate food from mussels, to duck pattay (sp?) and swordfish--all of which were absolutely delicious. Each course is separated by a small pallet cleanser which aren't anything special.  The desserts are also amazing, we got a sampler of several different deserts, and they were great. The service there is exceptional.  Very professional and polite and extremely knowledgeable of the menu.  Our waiter could recite almost every dish and its ingredients off the top of his head.
Much, much better than I had remembered. I know I've been here on previous trips to Sarasota, but well...I just didn't find it that memorable, because I can't recall at all what I ate. This time, I thought the whole experience was pretty spectacular. I think they expanded 1-2 years ago and we sat in the newer space on the ground floor right by the window. Nice table. Service was fast, friendly and knowledgeable. My mother is a wine aficionado and the server really seemed to *enjoy* working with her to find a wine she would like. When she said the first wine was just OK, he almost insisted that she try another one as he wanted her to enjoy the wine, not just think it was passable. We weren't that hungry, so we skipped the appetizers and went straight to the main courses. Duck is probably one of my mother's favorite foods and she declared that her duck breast dish at Mozaic was the best duck breast she had ever tasted. (I tried it and I have to admit that it was pretty fantastic, and I'm not usually a huge fan of duck.) My beef salad was perfect - tender and flavorful strips of beef, just the right portion size, paired with a beautiful mixed salad and thin strips of manchego cheese. Great portion size and a reasonable price. My wife ordered a steak and she was very pleased with her meal as well. Dessert was good too. I can't recall exactly what we shared, but I believe it was a pear and walnut cake with some sort of ice cream or gelato. Whatever it was, it was yummy. In the past, I've been fairly disappointed with Sarasota's dining scene, but this trip was different, with lots of pleasant surprises and I think Mozaic might have been the best surprise of the bunch. Really looking forward to visiting again next year -- maybe have to find a way to book two dinners there on our next trip! Congrats to the kitchen and management here. They're really executing well. (Surprisingly, the restaurant was not all that crowded, despite it being an opera night, but reservations are probably still a good idea.)
Exquisite! The best French-Moroccan fusion I've ever had! Try the lobster-coconut soup, the awesome escargot, rack odd lamb and duck confit with hazelnut sausage.
This is a restaurant worth going to!  A hint of northern meditaranian flavors, creative use of vegetable accents. We had scallops  and mushroom ravioli dishes, chinon wine, flour less nut cake with coconut ice cream for dessert.  Anne thought it was best good she has had in a while, delicious.  Simple decor, good service.  If in Sarasota again, I will make it a point to return.
Fantastic.  Thank god there are respectable restaurants in Sarasota. Don't be swayed by their atrocious website or mid-90's looking facade, the food and service are fantastic. Our server, Michael, is a gem.  Knowledgeable, kind, conversational, NOT pushy, intelligent, respectful, etc., etc.  He not only knows the menu inside and out, but he knows the wines as well.  Suggestions were solid, and he even "replaced" a few things we asked for with "upgrades" that weren't listed on the menu. The fare is interesting without being ridiculous.  There is a less-than-subtle Northern African flair that is in no way overbearing or annoyingly obvious.  Thankfully is wasn't just all curry, either.  Upscale cinnamon and old world spices were are wonderful reminder of what great culinary composition can entail. Our evening began with a pureed pear and cinnamon amuse-bouche, a nice touch that set the tone for the evening (the cinnamon was no "McCormicks" schlock... I actually thought there might be cardamom in the dish). The lavender honey goat cheese on the baby arugula salad was heaven. Escargot seems rare these days, so we excitedly put in an order, and while it was good, it was not great... but the mussel appetizer special EASILY made up for the fact. Unfortunately they were already out of the scallops when we arrived for our 7:45p reservations (the perils of living in a town full of old people, I guess), but thankfully it forced us to be a little more adventurous with our choices.  The Lamb was to die for (the best I've had in a long while), and the smoked duck put all other birds to shame with its nice smokey nuance, not overbearing and unlike the smoke-pit flavor one might expect in the south (those two entrees were the clear winners).  Three at our table ordered the Mediterranean seabass, and one other ordered the coffee and cocoa encrusted Kobe strip.  I would put the Kobe over the seabass, but *no one* was disappointed. The wine list, while not so long as to risk cumbersome, had plenty of great choices from around the globe.  The selection ranged from respectfully priced to reasonable (around $34 to around $140, though I did notice they had one bottle of Pahlmeyer Red left at $215).  I'm not sure if there was a captains list, as the menu with which we were presented was complete enough that we didn't need to ask. The desserts were painfully delicious.  We ordered the smorgasbord, and while I was certain that the Tarifa would be my favorite (Bittersweet chocolate espresso pot de crème Cardamom-scented almond financier), I was BLINDSIDED by the Provence (Lavender-scented buttermilk panna cotta Moscatto d'asti-apricot soup Green apple sorbet). I HATE panna cotta, but there it was, knocking on my soul and making me a liar. We finished the evening with a lovely sauterne and a port (the dessert wine selection is far from exorbitant but enough to satisfy). I should point out that they are expanding their interior (which is a testament to the success their menu is achieving), but as a result, we were tucked away in an upstairs room with a slanted floor, relegated to a space next  to an INCREDIBLY loud HVAC system hidden by a gaudy fabric scrap "curtain" hung over a rod.  The table service was actually sliding off onto the laps of the people on the "low side," and every time the a/c shut down we were reminded of how nice it would have been to be able to consistently hear one another and have a conversation without shouting.  The food and service, however, easily made up for these shortcomings.
We had the misfortune of visiting Mozaic on a Sunday night.  A night it appeared they clearly would prefer not to be open.   We were put at a table in the bar near the front door when the main seating area was empty.  That should have been our first indication that this would be a less-than-stellar dining experience.  The half hearted greeting from the hostess was immediately followed by the waiter's explanation of all of the items on the menu that were not available. No tomato soup? Really? No pasta?  Really?  After selecting a bottle of wine from the wine list, two glasses of wine were brought to the table instead.  When we told the server a bottle was ordered, we were told that he had emptied the bottle.  Clearly they were trying to finish the half-empties behind the bar.  Our waiter quickly apologized and brought the bottle that was ordered instead. The assortment of sliced roasted fennel, parsnip, beets and other vegetables topped with about five spears of asparagus were apparently very available as this appeared with every dish, regardless of description of the entree on the menu.  Our 4 selections - beef, chicken, duck and vegetarian - were all garnished with exactly the same assortment of vegetables, albeit sliced and diced into a cacophony of shapes and sizes.   When the dessert menu was handed out, the lights were being turned off so we knew it was probably time to leave.  Or we would have had some very unhappy servers if we decided to partake. Overall, it just seemed like the entire operation was uninspired and uninspiring.  Very disappointing in comparison to the fantastic service, creative menu and sincere enthusiam that we received the previous evening at Indigenous.
As a regular visitor to the area since my parents moved here, about 10 years ago, I am moved to write this review after the BEST dinner ever in Sarasota. We had the following menu items, all excellent: Tomato soup Asparagus soup Blue Crab two ways Duck breast Pork tenderloin Vallrohna chocolate cake I have to say, even compared to the dinner I had here two years ago, this was a stunner. PS- they have an extensive wine-by-the-glass list...that you can get in both 3oz and 6oz sizes- how great is THAT?
My wife and I ate there on a Sunday night.  It was ok.  The food was pretty good, but not great.  The service was pretty good, but not great.  The presentation was great.  The prices were high.  We'll try it again, just to be fair, but so far it's not on our short list.
Sarasota restaurants are often long on style and pretension, but the food doesn't live up to the hype. Mozaic's food is reliably excellent--combining flavors and textures in ways that are always successful and often surprising. This is where we take out-of-town guests (foodies) without apology. It can be pricey--but when you're flush it's worth it. The couscous offerings are excellent, but I'd trust anything here. There's some French, some Moroccan, and a fair amount of fusion influence. Part of what's interesting is that French-style of combining ingredients so that you can't easily pick them out or they work together in ways that create something new. The Saturday wine-tasting menus are always interesting, and they really went all out on the "Savor Sarasota" offering--three courses without a miss among them for a ridiculous $25 prix fixe. I'd have happily paid about twice that--but hey, it's a great deal. Atmosphere is bright and artsy-feeling--not too loud but not stuffy. Service is a little uneven (sometimes a little upscale, sometimes a little chummy, sometimes a bit forgetful), but always cheerful and reasonably competent.  They've recently expanded, so there are more seats--personally I prefer the downstairs seating--it's brighter.   Oh, and if you're a serious wine-drinker, they have a good list with interesting stuff, but the corkage isn't too bad if you prefer to bring your own. I was told $18, but I think they might have charged a bit less.
In the space once occupied by Cru, and before that a dive bar whose name I can't remember, Mozaic has come forth.  After much delay and too much fun remodeling Moziac has started to share some very tasty things. What is hilarious is I've actually not had dinner there yet!  A friend told me about a lunch time wine tasting they were having and that was my first exposure a couple of saturdays ago.  For $15, we were able to taste 5 wines, all very yummy, and have a few tapas style snacks.  The flavors were wonderful and the staff great.  We stayed and shared a bottle and ordered a salad and the mushroom ravioli.  There really weren't set up for lunch (I don't think they are serving lunch except for this wine tasting) but they were happy to have us around for a bite.  The arugula salad was full of fresh bright colors and the wild mushroom ravioli were extra yummy. The following friday, I came back alone and just had a glass of wine, a salad and the duck confit and risotto appetizer for dinner.  Amazing.  The risotto had a hint of orange which worked very nice with the properly cooked duck.  As I finished, another great cab was recommended and I just sat back and savored it while watching the nights dinner crowd start to come in.  Enjoy now, because during the season, this place is going to be packed.   I can't wait to come back and try their dinners and desserts.  I might have to bump them up to 5 stars after that, if the flavors are all ways so bright and fresh.  I believe the wine tasting are happening most saturdays through out the summer and Wednesdays are couscous night.
Mozaic is equal to Beach Bistro in Ana Maria and much closer to Sarasotans.  Our selections were exquisitely prepared, presented beautifully, and totally wonderful to consume.  Our service was impeccable and not overly intrusive.  One caveat is that downstairs is noisy and congested (place is small).  Upstairs, particularly the wine room, much more pleasant.
Our best meal this trip, hands down.  Excellent service, very comfortable setting, well paced service, and then the food!  We had the rack of lamb and the duck and both were simply delicious: well seasoned, prepared to order and beautifully composed with vegetables.  Well sized portions.  Desserts were very fine; the creme brulee was the best my spouse has ever had (and it is his favorite, he orders it all the time). The wait staff was friendly and observant but not intrusive. No negatives, none at all.
Fine dining that blends exquisite flavors with excellent service. We had pear soup and asparagus soup--both chilled and incredibly flavorful. Diver scallop app was really memorable. Ravioli dish for the non-meat eater was amazing as was the fish entree. The best dining in town!
The lobster soup was amazing. The mushroom risotto was gummy with too much cheese and overcooked. The Trio lamb/duck, etc. was bland and a very small portion (only noticeable as being small portion because it was so average). Wish they put as much creativity into everything as they did the soup. Will try it again, but only for appetizers.
It was an excellent meal. Our table was ready right away. We had a bottle of white which was great. We started with the salad with pine nuts and goat cheese and mangos, which was very good. A couple of us also had the tomato soup, which was excellent. Then, the blue crab and mango napoleon, which was eh. For our main course, I had the duck, rack of lamb, and scallop trio. The duck was amazing, as was the rack of lamb, while the scallop was not as good, but still good. The potatoes it was served with were uninspired. My brother had the Chilean Sea Bass, and said it was very good. My dad got the veal shank tagine, which he said was excellent. We had a side of crab and asparagus risotto which wasn't very good. I have been making a lot of risotto lately, and this was more rice than risotto- not creamy at all and not worth the $14 it cost. The dessert was also good. We had the "Napoli" which was chocolate cake and mango sorbet and frozen yogurt- it was supposed to be molten chocolate cake and wasn't but still good. The "Tangier" which was pear almond cake, with carmelized banana vanilla bean ice cream, which the star was the banana ice cream, which was excellent. Finally, the "Provence" which was panna cotta with apple sorbet. They were all great. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone.
What an absolute treat! Thank you Yelpers, for the heads up.  In from out of town and was encouraged to try this little gem of a place. I'm so jealous of you all who live here!!!! Exceptional service, absolutely delicious food from the jewel-like starters straight through dessert. Good wine list, too. Go, go, GO!
Wow!  Fantastic from start to finish. Food was AMAZING, service was on point, and atmosphere was very nice.  Incredible! Did I mention the food ROCKED?  You WON'T be disappointed!  And I definitely recommend the Monte Carlo chocolate sampler for dessert...
Everything clicked during our dinner at Mozaic. The atmosphere was very nice - subdued and unassuming with colorful walls for some fun. Service was attentive and prompt. The food was excellent particularly the mushroom risotto and the crab and apple salad, which had no leafy greens just crab, apples, and small amounts of other complementary ingredients. For entrees we had the duck breast, which was rendered well, and the lentil vegetarian dish, which had a great Moroccan flavor and topped with crispy artichokes.
This has been our second trip to Mozaic. The first time was during the summer when they were offering a 3 course prix fixe menu for $25.00. While that was definitely a bargain for the quality of food, this second time paled in comparison. We started off with a delicious amuse bouche. We ordered a bottle of wine that none of us cared for. Usually not one to send anything back we were prepared to drink it, however our waiter was great an offered us something different that was the same price and we really liked it. Two of us had soup for an appetizer, roasted tomato and asparagus and the others in our party had the escargot. After we finished our appetizers we then proceeded to wait, and wait and wait and wait. Over an hour later our entrees arrived, cold! We had ordered the special of the day and while pretty good, was not worth the $36.00 cost. Like other reviews the time to eat here is simply too much. It was almost 3 hours from the time we sat down until we left and was definitely not worth the $300.00 it cost for four appetizers, four entrees and a bottle of wine. There are better places in Sarasota. My guess is that the kitchen isn't big enough to keep up and they might consider scaling back on some of the menu choices to help expedite the meal. There is a big difference between choosing to linger over a meal and sitting in really uncomfortable chairs for (literally) hours on end. On a positive note our waiter was outstanding and he is not to blame for the slow service. The place was packed so obviously people like it. Just don't count me as one of them.
The food and service here are excellent. The chef is super talented; the staff is well-informed, courteous, helpful and unobtrusive.   However, the decor is dreadful. It is, first and foremost, MUCH too bright. The multi-hued dining room looks as though a bunch of folks on Key West got together for a kegger with all their rejected house-color paint cans and had at the walls. Normally, I don't mind eating in bright restaurants sporting bad art but this is a high-end joint -- at least culinarily -- that charges a lot of money for their food. If I'm spending large and celebrating I don't want to be made to feel I'm getting a bowl of borscht in the East Village.
LOVED Mozaic!  It was a Yelp review that brought us to this restaurant on our anniversary recently.  We were going to the ballet and wanted to have dinner someplace nearby.  The food is spectacular, the service excellent.  We will be telling our local and out of town friends and guests about this place. It may be a bit pricey for a regular out to eat place, but, if you want to treat yourself, budget for it and have a wonderful night out.  It's perfect for a special date night dinner.
I don't know how anyone could rate this place at less than five stars! We went to Mozaic for our anniversary and the food and service were amazing! We ordered the tomato soup which was flavorful and comforting, and the arugula salad which was light and refreshing.  The vegetable medley couscous was amazing! The vegetables were cooked and marinated just right, and the couscous had perfect consistency.  The panna cotta and ice cream dessert was wonderfully sweet but light enough to be a perfect finale to a gourmet meal. Our waiter was knowlegeable about the menu, and very friendly and nice.  He provided very prompt service, and even gave us a free dessert on the house for our anniversary! Given the wine selection, the ambience, knowlegeable and incredibly friendly staff, and most of all the excellent food, I felt like I was at a famous gourmet place in Napa rather than Sarasota!
Mozaic is my favorite restaurant in Sarasota. From the "amuse bouche" (free mini appetizer) at the start of the meal to the succulent truffles that comes with your coffee, everything is superb. Each dish is complemented with delightful sweet and tart contrasts to the savory main notes of the plate. My absolute favorite dish on the menu is the wild mushroom ravioli. The combination of earthy mushrooms, smooth cream, piquant wine and fresh herbs is too much for me to resist. Dylan, the chef, is a culinary genius. I have come to trust his taste and skill so completely that I will set aside my own food prejudices and eat anything he puts in front of me.
A taste of Lavender coconut soup was served as an amuse bouche.  Very nice. My wife and I split the honey lavender goat cheese salad.  It was very good, but could have had more of the lavender cheese highlight. We also split the seared scallops appetizer. Fabulous sauce of passion fruit over barley polenta went perfectly with the perfect scallop. As an entree, my wife's Kobe strip steak with cacao flavor was fantastic. My sea bass on lobster ravioli sounded good but sadly was dry. Seemed to have been frozen and thawed. But all the little flavors of surrounding items (beet, fennel, tomato, pear) were each striking flavors. Very special touches. Chef knows how to create flavors that just explode (In a good way.  But why did he/she fail with the fish? Were it not for the fish, I would have given it 5 stars.
The upstairs seating is crowded, and when filled, very noisy. We were disappointed with the couscous dishes on Couscous night. Just didn't have the flavors, and the veggies were soggy. Also, expensive. It must have been a bad day for the kitchen.
Mozaic was the highlight restaurant of our recent trip to the Sarasota-Anna Maria Island area, recommended by friends on Longboat Key. All four of us were impressed with our entrees and the quality of the personal service. An amuse bouche of cold pear/coconut soup was that little extra that makes you feel welcome. As we left, our in-laws were already planning their return, naming the friends they'd like to take. If you're looking for a really good meal in the downtown area, Mozaic is your place.  It's unpretentious and delicious.
My husband and I spent 5 days in Sarasota and this was my favorite meal.  I had been there once before a couple of years ago and my meal was as wonderful as I remembered.  I ordered the escargot appetizer and it was prepared in a unique and delicious way!  Next my husband and I both ordered the pork tenderloin.  Wow, was this dish to die for.  Cooked perfectly and served in a yummy plum sauce, it was beyond my expectation. We'll visit Sarasota again and I'll go running back to Mosaic!
In the $20-40/entree range, Mozaic moves from casual into fine dining. Service is more formal and the ambiance is a little more upscale. Location is perfect on Main Street. Don't expect to be stuffed after your meal, but the quality and presentation is very good. Mozaic advertises itself as southern-French and Mediterranean inspired but I would lump it in with the new American menus. Entrees are centered around meat with a couple seafood and pasta options. The grilled quail appetizer was cooked perfectly as was my pork porterhouse. I have never heard of pork being offered porterhouse style -- it was cut exactly the same way as a beef porterhouse. Some of the finer points of dinner should not go unheeded. The palette cleanser of cold grapefruit soup was amazing as was the complimentary orange blossom truffles at the end. Some advice -- you can pre-order the truffles for $5/dozen! A lot cheaper than anything at Kilwin's. All in all, great quality food and service (albeit a little uptight). Prices follow accordingly.
It's pretty awesome that Groupon/Living Social type deals are not something we left behind in NYC as I'd guessed we would. They are actually pretty common around Sarasota and you can bet that Gabriel and I jump on them as often as we can. We had a $40 for $20 deal to Mozaic, which I had heard from multiple people was excellent. After spending the afternoon hunting around for wedding venues, we found ourselves very hungry so we gave them a call to see if they'd be able to seat us with short notice. We were told that they had a small table in the bar area for us and off we went to grab it. We arrived soon after and were seated at a table for 2 that was perfectly comfortable. It's a trendy, bold, colorful restaurant, and the decor and menu choices definitely had a hip/modern feel. Our friendly and highly knowledgeable waiter Jeff went over the specials and his personal favorites (at my request) and we took a few minutes to decide. It happened to be an evening with an offer of a $22 deal for an app and an entree ($27 if you are combining the deal with the Living Social coupon) and after we compared those numbers to the 'regular' menu, we decided it was definitely the way to go. We made our choices and ordered, and a lovely, little, refreshing, gazpacho amuse-bouche was brought out for each of us. We also quickly devoured the wonderful, warm, fresh rolls served with olive oil and balsamic. The waiter tempted us with another one for each of us and we couldn't say no. There is just something about fresh-baked bread that is relatively impossible to refuse. Our appetizers were next and we'd decided to share. I started with the butternut squash soup which was creamy, savory, and beautiful with it's topping of sage pesto and walnut date crumble. I ate my half and then traded with Gabriel for his escargot with fingerling potatoes- which ended up being the only dish of the evening that neither of us were impressed by. The snails were not the chewy consistency that makes them such a fun and different delicacy. I'm not sure if they were overcooked or just not as fresh as they could have been, but they were on the mushy side and really lacking flavor in general. The potatoes were flavored with tarragon and dijon mustard, but considering that fact, they were still pretty lifeless and boring. Oh well, they can't all be fabulous and in reality, everything else was. Our entrees arrived soon after they cleared our appetizer plates and the presentation was very appealing. I've read some other reviews complaining about the sides that come with entrees all being the same, but I really have no problem with that as long as they compliment the dishes well, which they did. I had the delicious snapper served with carrot-ginger coulis and various roasted vegetables - the roasted beets and tomatoes were the standouts, fresh and cooked perfectly. Gabriel had the roast hen which was also cooked beautifully without tons of flavors covering up the meat unnecessarily. Both of our dishes were outstanding and we completely cleaned our plates. When Jeff arrived again to tell us the desserts, we asked if he had any strong suggestions. He asked what our preferences were and I told him that we pretty much love everything. With that comment, he took our menus away with flair and asked us to trust the chef to make us something special. How exciting! I loved that and couldn't wait to see what would be brought out for us to try. A short while passed and Gabriel's port wine and my yummy, foamy, cappuccino came out along with a gorgeous dessert plate for us! We had mentioned that we were newly engaged, but did NOT expect such an incredible special treat with compliments of the chef. The chocolate lava molten cake was one of the best ones I've ever had, topped with a light berry sorbet. It was somehow light and rich at the same time. Next to it was a complex pear and walnut cake with vanilla ice cream on top. Decorating the dish were adorable chocolate hearts with centers of mango and strawberry (or maybe raspberry) coulis and a 'congratulations' written beautifully in chocolate. As ANOTHER treat afterwards, 2 small but incredible pieces of homemade rosewater chocolate were brought out to melt decadently in our mouths as the perfect completion to an outstanding meal. Our evening at Mozaic was quite a special one. Everything from the last minute accommodation, to the superior service, to the exquisite food and thoughtful desserts made it a wonderful evening for both of us. I would strongly recommend a visit for a special occasion. Enjoy!
I've dined here twice and both times the food and service were top-notch. Soups and amuse-bouche are flavorful -- interesting combinations. Excellent selection of entries - and desserts. Don't miss it!
Great food and great service. Warm rolls delivered to  the table after we ordered.  Loved the lobster  and coconut soup-fabulous. The field greens salad was also good. I had the Salmon with the goat cheese souffle -wonderful. The duck leg confit was a little bit dry which made us rate Mozaic at 4 stars versus 5.  At the end of the meal they brought us a small piece of dark chocolate which was glorious. We ate downstairs.  Nice atmosphere, good service and great food. We will definitely go back.
Saw this place last time I was downtown and have been eager to make a trip. It is Moroccan-influenced and the chef is originally a pastry chef. I was sold by the fun restaurant logo and modern, upscale atmosphere alone, and the menu seemed equally exciting. After dinner at nearby ceviche, we stopped in at 9:30 for dessert and were granted the "fish bowl" seat by the window (the only window table), which had a perfect view of the bar and the main lime green wall with several tiled pieces of art. Vibrant orange light fixtures hung from overhead. Our waiter was excellent. We explained we only would be doing dessert and he happily gave his recommendations. The decision was made: two desserts. The first was the Tangier (a round pear walnut flourless cake citrus-scented creme anglaise and topped with a caramelized banana vanilla bean ice cream.) The walnut flavor outshined the pear, but the anglaise and the ice cream worked well with the walnut. Delicious! The second was the Provence: lavender-scented buttermilk panna cotta with moscato d'asti apricot soup and green apple sorbet. Everything about the smooth panna cotta and its contrast with the icy sorbet was marvelous. The apricot soup was very overpowering, due to the moscato flavor. We relayed this to our waiter. He then brought us each out a complimentary honey, fig and lavender Scottish shortbread cookie and a cube of sea salt, peppercorn and bay leaf (so intriguing!) chocolate. Both were outstanding! The chocolate was so savory. We continued chatting and he mentioned that Mozic serves a lemongrass coconut amuse-bouche. He then brought us each out a sample to try. Again, wonderful. Our waiter brought the chef out, who was very friendly. His wife does all of the art in the restaurant. (it's fantastic!) We went upstairs to look, and a more formal dining area loomed before us with about 8 tables. A private dining room for parties is adjacent. It's a very cool space. I love the downstairs. Go to Mozaic! The atmosphere, service, presentation, and food speak for itself. Mozaic also does a risotto night and each dish is paired with a different risotto.
Our dinner at Mozaic was the high point of our mini vacation to Sarasota.  Outstanding in every way.  Very courteous wait staff, excellent wine list and the summer special fixed price (3 course) menu selections were extensive.  Mozaic has a small dinning room so reservations are a good idea.  Also, we enjoyed the quiet atmosphere making for easy dinner conversation.  You may have to hunt around for parking.
Simply outstanding - both the service and food are excellent;  Equal to any fine NYC restaurant.
Love this place for it's intimate atmosphere and when you do not want loud noises around while you are enjoying your meal. Always something new to discover from chef's specials. Great serving service, great presentation, moderately priced entrees and appetizers. Definitely a place for a special event.
After reading all the awesome reviews about Mozaic I was eager to try the restaurant. We had made reservations online so when we showed up I expected that we would be taken to our table immediately. We actually had to stand in the entrance of the restaurant for over 10 minutes while the hostess was running around cleaning tables and washing dishes (I could actually see her washing dishes) and then she finally came over and acknowledged us. I thought it was weird that she was clearing tables and washing dishes where there were a lot of other people working in the restaurant. The hostess seemed very scattered, kind of like she didn't know what she was doing. Maybe she was new, I don't know. Anyway, she took us to our table and we sat there for a long time before the waiter came over to the table. We ordered a bottle of wine but it took him another 15 minutes to bring the bottle over to the table. Then he didn't leave the wine with us, he took it back to his area. That would have be fine but we had to keep asking him to refill our glasses. He seemed really flustered and then he started "having words" with the hostess about something. The whole situation seemed kind of strange. I wouldn't normally care but this was an expensive restuarant so I was expecting better and more professional service. The food was great and once our friends arrived we had a fun time. Had the service been better I would have probably given this place 4 stars!!
Dinner with a colleague when we were in Sarasota for a meeting. Walking distance from the Ritz Carlton. Terrible decor (think awkward shades of magenta and blue, with mosaic art, sort of fake Southwest without the kokopelli), BEAUTIFUL service and food. Amuse bouche was an interesting cold mushroom soup, I had a nice arugula salad and sea bass, my colleague had something tasty too. I had a fabulous panna cotta for dessert and two glasses of crisp sancerre.
Super place.  Sophisticated atmosphere and service, and delicious, beautifully presented food.  Our server, Jeff, was excellent.  Make sure you leave room for dessert - there are some outstanding choices.
Disappointed. I love Mozaic and was excited to get the 50% yelp-sponsored coupon. I also had the $10 off bottle of wine discount. And though the dinner was delicious, the service was substandard and the coupons took 45 minutes and multiple revisions to the bill to resolve. I ended up getting $29 off my bill instead of the $45 I was expecting :(
This is a very upbeat restaurant, it has a slightly urban feel, seating arrangement is well designed. The food was outstanding, I liked the size of the portions and the subtle use of color that was used on the plate. I had the duck breast and my sister had the skirt steak. The duck was ducky, cooked med. well, meat had a nice texture, melt in your mouth tender but not mushy. Polenta had a very slight crisp, a little bight of hotness and as good as I have ever had. Skirt steak,  good size pieces, med. rare and on a bed of parsnip puree.Both dishes had generous portions of vegetables.  Escargot had a lovely brown sauce which was great to dip bread. Salad fresh, tossed lightly with high quality olive oil  and a sweet balsamic. Desert was Tangier, pear and walnut flourless cake, perfect for the first night of fall. The service was impeccable, MADDE for Bali, ask for him, he is attentive but not pushy, service was invisible, everything done as you think it should be, subtle. A fun night in Sarasota.
Updated review. The food is delicious. It is worth putting up with the mediocre service.
Four of us ate there on Feb 26 2012 and were dissatisfied with the total experience. The service was so so and the food was mediocre. The entree's took a very long time to get to table. When entrees arrived the plates were too hot to touch, meaning our plated foods were sitting in oven for an extended time resulting in dried out food. There are many other great restaurants in Sarasota that won't disappoint you.
Very good. Fine dining and very good quality selections but limited menu. Nice setting and people very friendly.
Best restaurant I've been to in Sarasota. Interesting menu selections. Every dish my partner and I ordered was delicious. Great service, great wine selection, good price for what you get. We'll be back.
Went there on advice from other Yelp'ers and a very good recommendation. Service was indeed prompt and attentive, and food (duck, ham and mussels) was excellent. Only downside is that it is a wine-bar, so no dry martini's!
One of the best in Sarasota  Great food, wine, and service. As good as any five star Zagat restaurant. Go there, you won't be unhappy you did.
Food was outstanding and getting an appetizer of the merguez sausage is highly recommended.  The wine list was excellent and our server was great with recommendations. The bad: It was a 3 hour, 3 course meal on a Saturday night in a half full restaurant.  It was so bad that we're avoiding going during Savor Sarasota, just because we're afraid it'll be even worse this time with a fuller space.  They did recently expand into the empty space next door, so perhaps they're still working the kinks out of that.
My wife and I went downtown for a date night basically having appetizers at various restaurants and I must say Mozaic was perfect.  We had a glass of wine from their huge wine list with the crab appetizer and it was delicious.  We finished with the complimentary chocolate truffle (obviously handmade and equally awesome.
Amazing food, I had the escargots and the Chilean sea bass, which is probably one of my best sea food meals ever. Nice ambient too
The food was excellent! Quaint atmosphere, and the service was good.
Our table was upstairs which was unexpected. It was fine. My quail was fabulous! I could have licked the plate; every lentil was perfect. The salad was so,so. I had the special ,sea bass with lobster ravioli . I loved it. My husband had the pork and it was good;but not nearly as good as my sea bass.
Food is definitely a five, but, after going there several times, my wife and I both are reluctant to go back due to the wait for the food. The desserts are wonderful and innovative.  Just be prepared for an extended wait for your food.  We sometimes feel that we spend more time waiting than eating.  Great cappuccinos!
We ate there Saturday night. I cannot say enough good things about the restaurant. We had a reservation (which I would recommend) and our table was ready right away. The waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu items and offered suggestions. We all ordered different entrees, but shared bites with each other and everything was great. I had grilled salmon with butternut squash ravioli. The salmon was deliciously seasoned and grilled to perfection, topped with a slightly sweet sauce and a hint a lemon. It was served with butternut squash ravioli which were sweet as first, but after a second revealed a deeper flavor with a hint of spice. We also ordered chicken breast with blue cheese gnocchi, and pork tenderloin. Both were also absolutely delicious. The portions were perfectly sized; larger than we had expected for a fine dining restaurant. We finished off the meal with two desserts to share, and they did not disappoint. There was an espresso mouse paired with a warm almond teacake as well as a molten dark chocolate frangelico cake. Both were perfect, and the portion sizes were also perfect. The service was attentive throughout the entire meal, and it was evident that all of the food was made to order. I would highly recommend eating here, and would surmise that all of the menu items are of the same quality as we experienced. I cannot wait to eat here again and try more of the menu items!
We were visiting Sarasota for my wife's birthday and had a terrific meal here. Our server, Devin, steered us gently toward some great picks: the blue crab two ways appetizer was flavorful (with a wee kick), the mesclun & beet salad was fresh & tasty--the lemony vinaigrette a perfect complement. For entrees we had the sea bass and chicken tagine. Both were expertly prepared and delicious. The service was pitch perfect. Helpful and courteous without being intrusive. We'd dine here again in a heartbeat.
Heart-warming soups that burst with flavor, but the Morrocan chef's main course meals tend to be overly rich, ie, scallops and accompanying vegetables all swimming in butter.
Went here on based on a review from fellow yelpers! Great Chilean sea bass. Top cuisine here in Sarasota!
Whether you're a tourist or native in search of delicious cuisine, MoZaic is your answer. With Moroccan heritage, I was dumbfounded to learn this restaurant was a mere few miles away from my residence. The meals and service were beyond exemplary. The meal was prepared from from scratch, and of course met my taste of Moroccan perfection. The entire dining experience was exquisite, and I plan on returning to enjoy it all over again.
Quiet enough for pleasant conversation. Speak up if you want water. Easy wine selection by the glass. This is place that does not like change. Despite appearing modern there is a certain rigidity & it shows in the menu. Change up the soups once in a while. That said: Try all 3 salads lightly dressed.  MORE fresh fish. You do it so well!  Tender medium rare duck, juicy chicken, succulent Lamb  & steaks kissed by the grill. The Short Ribs - Meh. The gnocchi would be complimented  by a less dense sauce more generously spooned. Pork shellfish & escargot are not for everybody. Asparagus should know their place. The goat cheese polenta varies in ratio & presentation, ranging from demi crispy grilled cheese to fried grits with a lump of goat cheese. The plates are usually hotter than the food. The bread is uniformly good. The oils and other condiments plenty foodie. DO get dessert. Every single one is worth a try. If you ARE in a hurry eat at the Bar.
One of those small restaurant surprises that you debate reviewing because you don't want to have trouble getting a reservation.  Truly excellent food and presentation with friendly service.  Table of 4 had Chilean sea bass, escargots, a Mediterranean lamb dish and scallops. Each was prepared with great care and seasonings, all were delightful.  A place we will go back to again and again.
We celebrated my 50th birthday there with a small party of eight. The food was delicious and the service was great. We were located up on the second floor which lacked atmosphere, but we'll go back again.
Only eaten here once and I am at about a 4.5 but based on the other reviews I will give them the benefit. Food was tasty and fresh. I don't recall what I had but I think it was risotto night or something. Great wine selection. Dessert was good as well.
very good!!!
The food is delicious and consistently so.  I have had several private events upstairs and look forward to the food every time.
Went here with my sister and sat outside in the back patio, just us and it was great.  They have a great wine selection, I even got to try a famous 2007 Pinot Noir and it did not disappoint.  I got some chicken dish with bleu cheese gnocchi I think it was, smaller portion but really delicious.  Our server was hot, so that helped too but everyone was so nice.  Pretty much all of the staff came out and spoke to us and that was our first time there.  Can't wait to return when I'm back in Florida!
Very poor service .  30 minutes late in seating us while we waiting in a crowded congested bar.  Finally wedged into a makeshift table very close to another customer.  No apologies or visit from the manager despite this service level .  Had to ask for bread 5 times before it arrived.  Quite appalling that there was no offer to comp something or even acknowledgements of the poor service.  Food ok but cold soup tasted like a melted candle
Prosaic at best.  Man, was this a disappointment given the many positives reviews.  I knew we were in trouble when the manager? greeted us in a polo shirt, jeans, and sneakers.  My 90 year old parents were then shown past multiple, open four tops on the ground floor and asked to climb a narrow, steep staircase to the upstairs, overflow seating area.  The waitress then arrived announcing, "I really need to interrupt you now... " to tell us the specials that she had to read off her cheat sheet.  So far, okay for Applebee's, but not someplace with 20-30 dollar entrees. Then we got an amuse-bouche that none of us could stomach.  Seriously, we all took one bite and politely pushed it away.  The entrees came over thought, over seasoned, and in my case seriously over cooked.  I ordered a filet medium rare that showed up medium, thereby ruining, for me at least, the whole point of ordering steak.  Granted, I live in a highly food conscious area of the country, but the food here was really trite at best. In addition, the upstairs area was hot and by the time we left deserted.  My parents were then offered an elevator ride down to the main floor with an exit through the kitchen.  Why were they not offered the elevator to begin with?  On many levels, this place was a fail.  If you are really into food, service, or just basic common sense, this is not the restaurant for you.  My parents who have lived in Sarasota for many years said they had never heard of Mosaic.  Now I know why.
BEST meal we have had out.  Everything was perfect. We had 5 courses and every bit was delicious.  (as foodies, 5 stars is super fantastic)
Good food but a 3 hours diner is not aceptable!
This place is extremely fancy style kind of food, which I typically am not a fan of, but the couple of trips here have been outstanding.  It always seems very busy, yet the service is still attentive.  I believe the menu is on a rotating basis, as they have the 'seasonal/organic' sort of approach to food.  It is fairly pricey for their standard menu, but I just did the "Savor Sarasota" $25 prix fixe menu, and that was an amazing deal which I'd recommend to anyone.  Worth paying up for meals like this every once in a while.
Perfect on all levels- food, service, ambiance.
We had a lovely lovely meal there a few weeks ago.  We were looking to buy a house and stopped to have dinner.  The restaurant is small and intimate.  They asked to seat us in the bar but we wanted a quieter area.  They were fine with that and we got the next open table shortly.  The food was delicious.  Our waiter, an older gentleman, was great!!  When we move there, we will go again.
We had an early dinner on a weekend trip to Sarasota. Coming from Miami, where many restaurants look trendy and present food in an equally attractive, but not particularly memorable fashion, our expectations were not very high. We were very impressed with the food; not only did it look great, but it tasted just as good. Friendly and professional service. Will most definitely go back when in Sarasota.
