Extremely  authentic Cuban food nine inch Cubana  sandwich with extra meat $6.19 great value
I love this place and go regularly. Food is usually really good and service is attentive. My complaints and only because I hope they see this and fix are the following: 1) They have ants which make there way to the tables. They need to get this under control. 2) Iced tea - We are big iced tea drinkers. They need to ensure fresh tea daily. Not kept in the cooler and served 1-2 days later. 3) Food quality - Usually very good. Cannot say I have ever been sick which is a plus. Go on a slow day however and rice is hard, beans runny. 4) Change the oil more often. We get french fries, empanada, etc. The oil is old. You can tell because the fries come out really dark and have that taste. We have had fries from there that are light and crispy. 5) Clean up the place and people will come. Invest a little and people will come. You will see that the place will get business when you invest in it. I will continue to go and I would say everyone should try this place. There really is not any place like this around here. You would need to go to Miami to get get good Cuban food.
The food was much better on this visit, ordered the pork and onion sandwich. The sandwich was tender, the bread was nice, taste was great. I would say if you go there don't order the steak, it's like a mules hoof. Stick to the staple of Cuban food, pork and chicken. I would have given an extra star, but the staff looks irritated when a customer walks in and not at all friendly. I felt like I was interrupting the very important work they were doing, standing around.
I stopped in for a quick breakfast burrito to go. While I was waiting I decided to have a Cuban espresso that was a very smart choice on my part. The young lady that served me was very pleasant and I assume the daughter of the cook. This place has the feel of a family-owned establishment and I am trying very hard since moving to this new area to frequent mom and pop type facilities versus chain facilities was very pleasantly surprised to see that it looked to be a family owned facility. That said the Cuban expresso was fantastic absolutely the best flavor and aroma that I have had in expresso since I have been here in Florida. I had just finished watching the new movie chef the night before so it was very nice to have my breakfast sandwich give into me in the standard authentic Cuban style with a butter side bread that is pressed it was a great sandwich and the service was really nice I was the only person in the facility as it was so early in the morning but I really enjoyed the visit and hope to take my family there for dinner.
Empanadas, yucca frita, plantains, black beans and rice, chorizo burrito, chicken burrito, fried pork chunks and service were all great. I would have given the place 5 stars if i had not been to the ladies room. It definitely is in need of attention.
Hmm. Wonder what the fuss is about. Slooow service, food was average (Cuban sandwich so so and chicken as big as turkey). Wouldn't come back.
We enjoyed the Cuban sandwich.  I loved the yucca with mojo.  Atmosphere about a 1.5.  No mojitos available on the day we dined.  Did not like that it was located next to a seedy liquor store with seedy customers coming and going.  One of them gave us a dirty look in the parking lot for absolutely no reason.
Steak with onions (Bistek de Palomilla) was lean and well cooked. The white rice I requested with black beans was delicious. The maduros which are sweet plantains were perfectly made. The tostonos were home made and the garlic oil accompaniment was excellent. My husband had the Bistek Empanizado (Breaded Steak) made perfectly. The size was huge on both and for $12 each the meal was stupendous. Definitely will be back.
We went here for breakfast one morning and found ourselves among what appeared to be regulars and one waitress.  I knew immediately it would be a while, but I don't live anywhere near Cuban food anymore, so let the wait begin. The waitress brought our cafe con leches out pretty promptly, but our breakfast sandwiches took a while and she got the order wrong.  Either way, it was still good. We don't often find ourselves in this part of town, but we would return if we were.
Yumm excellent food.  Enchanting restaurant. Mother's Day was sensational w such delicious seasoning, attention &!complementary great wine glass. The owner very attentive w all ensures great success here! Yummm Mmm que rica esa  comida.  Encantador restaurante. El día de las madres fue sensacional con tan sabrosa sazón, atención junto con una copa de vino sabroso y complementario en este día tan especial. El dueño muy atento con todos asegura éxito aquí!
Sarasota has a new contender for the best Cuban Restaurant.  This is a relatively new place with a limited menu, but don't let that fool you. The Cuban Sandwich comes in a "regular" and a "grande". Pressed to perfection, with the the right balance of pork, jam, cheese, pickles and mustard, this rivals the best on Calle Ocho. The breaded beef steak is a healthy size portion; ours was ordered with congri (black beans and rice cooked together) and ripe plantains (maduros). For dessert, a traditional flan. The beers arrive with a new frosty mug for every round and the service is well paced, not too rushed and not too relaxed. The prices are reasonable, and of you can get you guy in the booth across the room to take his call off speakerphone, you can enjoy the typical music which is played at a very pleasing level - loud enough to hear and soft enough to not interfere with the conversation. The owner is very charming and checks in on the guests to make sure all is well..... And from the looks of it, he'll be checking on folks for some time to come. Buen Provecho Bon Apetite.
The best of Cuban there is here in Sarasota  and south of Tampa
Best cuban food in Sarasota! Ropa Vieja is wonderful and service is good. Must try for those as in live with cuban food as I am. This place will become a weekly stop.
My wife and I stopped in for what we thought was going to be a simple Cuban meal. WOW!! This is BY FAR the best Cuban food in Sarasota. Everything is made on site, nothing frozen or pre prepared, the food is fresh and it tastes INCREDIBLE!! It may not look fantastic from the outside but the place is clean and the food is amazing!!
Just finished an amazing lunch at Palmas de Cuba in Sarasota.  We found this place via Yelp and gave it a try.  A wonderful find.  Just a small store front on Washington Blvd. but with a warm and friendly staff.  Try the Cuba sandwich....tasty with a fair amount of spice.  My wife had the Qqesadillas with black beans and rice on the side.  Fresh ingredients and just the right amount of hot spices.  Need to go back and try the daily specials
