I visit Station 400 on Lemon every time I visit sarasota, and it has never let me down! I've only been for breakfast, haven't tried their lunch menu. I love the history behind the place, an old train station that was moved to sarasota and turned into a restaurant. The inside is nice, but the outside patio is gorgeous. Surrounded by brick buildings and nature, it creates the perfect atmosphere for a quiet breakfast or brunch. The wait staff is always super friendly, and so on top of refilling our coffee! My favorite is the ricotta lemon curd pancakes...a must try!  We usually get them for the table to share and if I get them for myself I can never finish them...they're so fluffy, rich, sweet and LARGE!  I've tried different dishes but I always go back to the pancakes (with a side of bacon). Dad got the fall special...coffee crusted pork chops over sweet potato hash. It was decent, but not the best pork chops ever. The sides are always great, and the portions are big enough to hold me over until late afternoon! Parking is limited, but there is always ample street parking right outside on Lemon.
Delightful place, diverse menu selection. Inside and outside seating. Only negative was main dining room was a bit noisy when full due to bad acoustics. BLT with fried green tomato very unique and delicious.
I have been here two dozen times at least so it is hard to write one review. I have yet to have a bad meal here at all. And the chicken sandwich with the feta cheese is one of the best things I have ever tasted. I recommend the orzo salad as well. Always a great wait staff and oddly enough the ice tea is delicious.  I only say oddly because ice tea is never delicious!
Loved sitting on the shaded patio this morning at this restaurant. Fans blowing air around helped. Server was fairly attentive and food was very good. It was busy so the short delay getting food was understandable. The only thing I would critique would be the glass of water. I understand that the restaurants don't make anything off of tap water but still feel that a simple water filter can't be a burdensome investment. It tasted so metallic, I couldn't drink it. I wonder what they make the coffee with. I brought mine, not knowing I would end up here.
Great restaurant. I love the friendly and cordial service. The Huevos gringos are to die for.
Great breakfast with a beautiful seating area outside. Also, another perk is that it is located downtown near everything else. I ordered the truffled eggs Benedict, which was very tasty. only downside was that it was not that warm...probably timing issue in the kitchen. Anyways, I also had an order of the buttermilk pancakes, which was definitely an excellent choice. The seating is very pleasant on a nice sunny day in FL. Many tables outside in the shade with old spanish vines all over the place. Good spot for brunch/breakfast. The lunch options also looked very good.
We walked in, ordered drinks, and walked back out. It was so loud we couldn't hear each other talking in the same booth. We had to repeat our drinks to the waitress twice for her to hear us. I'm not interested in shouting over lunch. The food looked good, but it's too hot to be sitting outside and the noise level was unbearable.
I had a great experience at Station 400 over the weekend.  My party of 3 had a relaxing meal outside.  The service was excellent, food was awesome, and the atmosphere was amazing.  I ordered a cup of Corn & Clam Chowder and the Cuban Sandwich.  My wife order the curry salad wrap.  I recommend all three items as they were all very good. There is plenty of seating outside on three sides of the restaurant as well as indoor seating.  We had to wait about 25 minutes for a table but it was well worth it.  This is one of my wife's favorite lunch spots.
I found this place while I was looking for Darwin's on 4th.  There was a decent crowd, so I gave it a shot.  I was quickly seated and advised that my server was on the way.  I sat for at least five minutes without a drink while two hostesses stood five feet away idle.  Service was attentive once it began, and I ordered the eggs benedict.  The dish was very bland, no taste.  The eggs were cooked properly, but again no taste.  I was also disappointed with the razor thin deli slice of ham on the muffin.  Oh well; clean place with a nice atmosphere, but I won't return.  I ate two more times this day and enjoyed my food at other establishments, so it is unlikely that my senses were off.
Banana pancakes were great, although was not a fan of the Italian omelette. Eggs Benedict were great as well. Usually, restaurant coffee is horrible, but this coffee was not too bad. Eating in the outdoor patio area was nice, although the furniture not very clean. Service was courteous, yet very very slow. I give it a strong 3 stars. Service needs improving, bump up the quality of the coffee and clean the place up a little, and if the cooks can make the quality of the breakfast entrees more consistent, it could be 4-5 stars.
You cannot get a better brunch experience for this price point. The pancakes are massive and fluffy. I wasn't able to finish my 3. The "Extra Stops" are definitely worth the extra buck. I would also recommend the Spanish Omelette. Always ask about the special; it is frequently great. All in all, Station 400 is a memorable brunch experience for under $10/person. How can I not give 5 stars?
If our tongues register only sweet, sour, salty, bitter and umami, what are the restaurant reviewer's starting points? Would they be taste, presentation, service and atmosphere? Cost, ambience, portion size and speed of service? Or should the dispassionate eater look at convenience, cleanliness, tablecloth design and whether or not a tip has been automatically added? And what exactly is umami's dining experience equivalent? How does the concept of a meaty mouth feel and pleasant aftertaste (one descriptor of umami) translate? Writing about a sublime serving of sea urchin with cucumber foam is interesting. If I tell you that it was served on a yacht moored inside an atoll in the South Pacific, your reaction will be different than if I ate the same thing at the Tokyo fish market. Context matters, because it's not just about the food. Who prepared it? Who sat next to me? Why am I eating sea urchin as opposed to geoduck? All of these factors alter our perception of the mealtime experience. Which brings us to Station 400. I have eaten only the breakfast here, and never been disappointed. The food is of sound quality, well presented, decently proportioned. Likewise the service, all appropriately tidy and brushed for a Sarasotan cafe. My male dining companions both had no complaints, and, indeed, expressed much happiness...but still. I don't like the coffee. The beans are poorly roasted, in my opinion, too much on the Starwhatever bitter end of the spectrum. The servers might have been graduates from the HAL 9000 school of  humor, all bytes but no backchat. And - call me persnickety, I'll own it - the tables in the booths are too low. In short, everything's A-OK in accordance with Yelp!'s ratings system. But I'm missing the umami and  I'm not certain where to find it. The question is, does Station 400 know where it is?
Hands down one of the best breakfasts, if not the best breakfast, I've ever had. From the homemade preserves to the delicious omelets and rosemary hash browns, this restaurant is something special. You know you're in for a treat when you have an impossible decision deciding what to order. I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get. The atmosphere is very pleasant and the staff were all great.
Pb and ChocChip pancakes r redonculous! I don't know if that's whipped topping or ice cream?! But don't order egg whites. Bleh. Cheese grits really good.
The truffles eggs Benedict with smoked salmon was an excellent choice!  The fruit salad was fresh and you can request it with just berries. Add a little cream and it's delicious. The atmosphere is comfortable although a bit loud when they are busy. Will come back next time we are in town!
very consistent, great food. The ricotta pancakes with lemon curd are amazing. nice to be able to have breakfast/brunch options for lunch also. service always good. Cute patio in the back. Only complaint is the cleanliness-the wooden fan above the dining room could use a serious dusting.
I went here last Easter for brunch with my family. We didn't have reservations, but they were able to seat us timely and everyone enjoyed their meals!
I love it! Awesome customer service and food!
Station 400 has great breakfast!  I had the truffled eggs Benedict which were delicious and came with little roasted yummy mushrooms and perfect hash browns.  The service was slow and the server not the brightest star in the night (she forgot to bring the Oj and coffee and then, it took her a few minutes to register what we needed) but nevertheless the food was very very wonderful and I will be back!
Beautiful and spacious patio. (Though it's best to sit under an umbrella and not under a tree, unless you don't mind spiders, leaves and small insects falling onto your table. Not bashing the restaurant at all, just saying that there are certain hazards of trying to eat under a tree in tropical Florida.) Food was delicious. I had the almond croissant french toast stuffed with baked apples and thought it was truly unique, interesting and tasty. I ate every bit of it. My wife was similarly enthusiastic about her waffle. I sampled a bite and have to admit it was a very good waffle. Fresh-squeezed juices? Hooray~! Strangely they're not available everywhere in Sarasota, but they were on the menu at Station 400. The historic building has an interesting history, which was summarized on the back of our menu. Service was friendly and professional. Tip - If the front parking lot is full, there's another fenced parking lot behind the restaurant. Not knowing that, we parked on the street, which was fine, but you may prefer to park in the lot.
My curry chicken wrap was unique and delicious. I was disappointed with my Parmesan fries and probably should've opted for the sweet potato fries. Good service, neat building.
Ordered our coffee and waited 25 minutes then had to try and catch the eye of our waiter to remind him. When he brought our coffee the three of us ordered breakfast. The couples sitting  on either side of us arrived well after we did. They placed their orders and within 15 minutes were already eating. Eventually, after another 20 minutes of waiting and no sign of our food we left. I don't understand why people frequent this place when Pancake House is less than a mile away. They have huge plates of tasty food, great service and excellent prices.
One of our favorite breakfast spots. They have the best cheese grits I've ever had. They have weekly specials but my favorite is the Spanish omelet. They also have a Nutella waffle that is great
I really liked sitting in this space with high ceilings, copper tabletops, and the light was very nice.  The food was just OK, though... was there for lunch and had sandwiches.  I hear the breakfast options are better eats so I would order breakfast instead if I were to go back.
I stopped into Station 400 for breakfast on a recent business trip.  It was conveniently located not too far from where I was staying, and came highly recommended by a coworker. Station 400 did not disappoint.  It was during prime breakfast hours when I stopped in, and the place was pretty much dead, which was a little disconcerting.  But then I remembered that it was a Tuesday, so I didn't think too much more of it. For breakfast, Station 400 has quite a few options, ranging from the typical omelettes, french toast, and yogurt with fruit variety, but also offers some truly unique combinations for their pancakes.   I opted for the strawberry and lavender pancakes, served with a heaping pat of strawberry butter and just a little bit of syrup on the side.  These were some delicious pancakes!!  Their other combinations include blueberry and almond with vanilla butter and some equally scrumptious-sounding options.   Coffee's unlimited, the service is fast but not too friendly, and the prices are right (well under $10 for breakfast, including your beverage of choice).  Next time I find myself in Sarasota in need of breakfast, I'll be Station 400, that's for sure.
Always a good spot for breakfast or brunch. WiFi available. Sugar in the Raw on the tables for those of us who love/need it.
My husband and I stopped in for breakfast today, and I was very pleased. It's difficult thing to 'do' breakfast well, but Station 400 does. We both had a very difficult time deciding what to order; he being torn between the steel-cut oatmeal with stewed berries and granola and the whole-wheat pancakes, and I having to decide between the Truffled Eggs Benedict and the Breakfast Fry-Up (eggs, toast, sauteed tomatoes and mushrooms, breakfast, sausage, bacon, and cheesy grits). Being a fan of more "traditional" breakfasts, I chose the Fry-Up. My husband was pleasantly surprised to find that you can order a cup of the oatmeal instead of a whole bowl, so he was able to satisfy both his cravings. I thoroughly enjoyed the Fry-Up. The eggs were light and fluffy, the bacon was perfectly done, the grits were the perfect consistency, and the sausage, tomatoes, and mushrooms were flavorful. The toast came with a side of homemade peach jam (which was more of a chutney, to be honest) that was so good I had to stop my husband from licking the bowl it came in. The oatmeal was amazing; I could smell the cinnamon in the granola that was sprinkled on top as it was set onto our table. The short stack of pancakes (3) was generously sized, and the maple syrup was clearly top-shelf quality. But the real star of my husband's plate was the butter. It is made in house, and you can tell it's the real deal. I tasted a little bit of it separately from any medium, and it was creamy, sweet, and savory. So, so, so good. Our experience was great (good service and atmosphere), and there is so much on the menu that sounds delightful (Croque Madame, Blueberry-stuffed, almond crusted croissant French toast, Strawberry and lavender pancakes, Banana and brown sugar pancakes, and their seasonal Pumpkin pancakes) that I know we'll be back again.
Dependable brunch spot with nice outdoor seating. Had the curry chicken salad wrap recently, for the second time. Something off about it, but no ill effects. Sweet potato fries are a winner. Was a. It understaffed when we visited.
This is a really great lunch spot if your in the downtown area. Their food is really fresh and everything made to order. A simple soup, sandwich and salad menu. My favorite is the Cobb salad. Really tasty! And share an order of the Parmesan fries with your lunch date. You will not be disappointed. Enjoy!
We had a very nice breakfast here while on vacation. I had the croque madam and it was delicious. The outdoor seating is beautiful and the service was great. Definitely a great breakfast option!
Okay, well my first visit here was not good to say the least. Our drinks took 10 minutes to get to the table, and then we noticed 2 of the glasses were dirty. If you are on your lunch break, be careful because the service is a bit slow. Another thing was that their prices were different in the restaurant than they were on their website. We did bring this to their attention. Having said that, the waiter was very nice and a manager brought our table a complimentary fruit plate after hearing about the dirty glasses and the pricing snafu. It was nice to see this happen and we all appreciated the gesture. The food was pretty good overall.
Stumbled upon this little section of Sarasota on an early morning jog and knew I had to come back. Got a seat out front on a Saturday no wait at all even though it was extremely busy. Had an omelette  with asparagus and goat cheese. Not a usual omelette for myself but ended being one of my favorites. Everything is super fresh and the setting here is great. Can't go wrong starting your day at Station 400.
We had breakfast here for the third time this morning. Delicious food - this morning we had the truffled eggs benedict, Italian omelet and  carrot cake pancakes with cream cheese ginger icing (WOW)!  Omelets are fluffy and stuffed with great ingredients.  We have only tried the breakfast items, but the lunch menu looks great.   Excellent, Friendly, and efficient service - all of our servers have been fabulous! I think the value for money here is outstanding - truffled eggs benedict for $8.75.   Lovely atmosphere - we have sat back on the covered outdoor / garden area each time. I highly recommend this place!
The food here was very good. Probably a little expensive for some, but nonetheless good quality. And I like quality. I also love breakfast. This restaurant is also in an excellent location and has a nice atmosphere for even the pickiest diner. Great place to take your mother on her birthday for brunch.
Amazing breakfast. I live in naples and litterally think about this breakfast all the time and plan station 400 into each trip. My favorite item is the Nutella waffle. Oh my gosh!!! The service is outstanding-- super friendly and helpful. The food runner  + bussers are super kind and just add another great touch to service! Amazing atmosphere- love the outside setting! I am soo glad I found this! I hope everyone can try this gem of a place at LEAST once, otherwise-- you're really missing out!
This is by far my favorite restaurant in Sarasota. I love that they remember who I am and at this point, even what I order. The Grilled Chicken Balsamic Sandwich comes with goat cheese, pesto and this amazing basil aioli that when combined becomes the most delicious thing I have ever eaten. I crave it. Their parmesan fries are even better when you get a side of the basil aioli and dip them in that instead of ketchup. I also love their cheese grits. If you are a pancake fan this is the place for you too. Just amazing fresh delicious food served by a staff who takes time to learn who their customers are and really take care of them. Even the bus boys remember me.  I also love that it is a place that is dog friendly. You can sit outside on the patio and bring your pooch with you and they will bring him out a bowl of water so he can relax too. Great food, great service, wonderful atmosphere and I can't say enough good things about this place. I have brought all of the extended family here and when friends want to meet for breakfast or lunch downtown this is the first place I recommend.
I've eaten here twice, having ridden about 85 miles to get there. It was worth it! We came once for breakfast and once for lunch. For breakfast I had the Croque Madame, which was possibly the best breakfast I've ever had. It was wonderful!! For lunch, to be honest, I don't remember what I had but I wasn't as impressed as what I had had for breakfast, but it was still good. The service was very good, the place is clean and interesting. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
My partner & I went there this past Sunday for brunch and ordered: ~ Truffled Eggs Benedict- recommended by our server, Terry, delicious and was served with super crispy hashbrowns ~ Croque Madame- the eggs were cooked perfectly and the asparagus-arugula salad was nice compliment to this rich dish. We opted for the fresh fruit as the side-great variety and very fresh. ~Banana/ Brown Sugar Buttermilk Pancakes- came to the table piping hot! Which is perfect when you're kind of saving them as the dessert course for the end. They were moist and so satisfying. I'm excited to go back and try the Strawberry-Lavender variation. Our lovely server, Terry, was very attentive and spot on with her recommendations. We will definitely be back with friends and family.
I really want to like this restaurant - & just one small change would add 2 stars to my review - ANY gluten-free options!  I asked the server to convey to the owner that now 1/3 of Americans eat gluten free - her response?  "he doesn't care." Really?  walk 3 minutes to Whole Foods, buy two loaves of gluten-free bread & OFFER IT with your menu.  Add some gluten-free banana bread (totally simple)  & be a rock star.  But to not care??  I'll take my breakfast & lunch meetings to a restaurant that does care.
This place is great! My family and I had an excellent brunch at a very reasonable price. We had the croque madame and the truffle eggs benedict. Both were amazing, I can't really think of how they could have been improved. The atmosphere and service were nice and the menu offered some great selections. I would definitely return
This place, though they have changed management, and possibly ownership a few times, continues to be consistent about providing SUB-PAR service by their waitstaff.  They have such a casual attitude about what and how to treat customers, it's a real turn-off for me to return here....which I do ONLY if someone else selects this place and they're paying.  Otherwise, there are so many other quality places with similar price points coupled with good service, I'd just simply rather go elsewhere.  Makes sense, doesn't it???
I had heard some good reviews for this place. Now I am wondering if they were for Sierra Station, as it seems the restaurant has changed hands with it's new name. What a disappointment. The restaurant is housed in the old downtown train depot, and the building itself and the interior is very nice and well kept. The menu looked promising. A lot of new flavors and twists on things, I was really looking forward to my breakfast. While perusing the menu a woman, who must have been the hostess, guessing by the way she was dressed, walked around the dining room slowly by every table. Nothing unusual about this except for the scowl she had on her face and the fact she walked so slowly, looking at everyones table without making eye contact or uttering a simple good morning to anyone in the dining room. At least put a smile on your face and nod or something. Don't walk by your patrons and make us feel as if we are naughty little children. I ordered the Italian omelette with hash browns, rye toast no butter, and my wife the Spanish omelette with cheesy grits, and cinnamon raisin toast. We ordered my toddler the Belgium waffle with a side of fruit. The coffee came in a slim coffee cup and was hot and tasty. The food arrived and there was nothing special about the presentation, though I thought the proportions could have been slightly bigger to justify the price. My toast came buttered, the waitress forgot the butter for the waffle, and the waffle was cold. Not ice cold, but barely warm.. enough for my toddler  to touch it and point it out.- is cold. My wife let the waitress know it wasn't warm and she just looked at us and said "That's funny, I was standing right there when he took it out of the iron, I don't know how it could be cold". I didn't really know what to say, I felt like she was basically calling us a liar, because that was her only response. My wife put her hand on it and asked her to touch it she didn't and then asked what we wanted her to do about it. Folks, if I am going to pay $7.00 for a plain Belgium Waffle, (no sides come with this) please at the very least, serve it hot. You may have been there when he pulled it off the iron, but it must have sat until the rest of the food was ready. It really was not that big of an issue until  the waitress made it one. I was puzzled why my wife was served four slices of toast , and I was served just two. While the ingredients used in my Italian omelette sounded like a delicious mix, they should have served it to me with a straw to suck up all the oil and liquid it was floating in. It completely overwhelmed the delicate flavors of the omelette. My hash browns were nothing more than a typical hashebrowns, plain- that were just a hint of golden and could have been cooked longer. They were touted as having herbs in them? Nothing other than shredded potatoes in mine. My wifes Spanish omelette contained undercooked potatoes, lacked any meaty bites of chrorizo. The omelette was really all egg and cheese, with undercooked potatoes and a sprinkling of chorizo. The fresh cilantro was cooked into the omelette when it would have served better to sprinkle it on at the end of cooking or fresh over the omelette. No sour cream or salsa or hot sauce was offered for her omelette and would have complimented it nicely. The cheesy grits were lukewarm, lacked the cheesy in their title, and were stuck together in large firm clumps, like overcooked pasta. The complete opposite of hot, smooth, and creamy.   My son's waffle was came back out of the kitchen hot and crispy, the way it should have the first time around. The vanilla bean syrup was delicious, and the side of fruit was fresh. The side of fruit was an additional $3.00 rounding his plate out to $10.00 and while the waffle was good, it was nothing spectacular, and absolutely does not command a price of $7.00.   We had to ask for coffee refills, ask again for more cream after they were refilled and didn't bring them out for the refill, ask for jelly for toast. 2 cups of coffee, 2 omelettes, 1 Belgium waffle with a serving of fruit on top= $33.71 +tip. Slightly high for breakfast but if the food is delicious and the service great, the atmosphere wonderful, I have no problem paying for it. In this case, our breakfast was not justified in any category. The waitress brought the wrong check to the table, and though my wife left first to get our son settled in the car, she said the hostess never looked up from the dessert case as she slowly walked by it and the dark haired man in the apron standing next to her looked directly at her and did not say a word either.   So hasta la vista Station 400, now we know what your scowling about.
Stopped here after checking Yelp for breakfast places. The real working model train fascinated our kids. The hostess was bubbly and seated us promptly. The food was amazing! My husband had the Croque Madame with cheesy grits, salad and sausage, though he didn't like the sauce on the egg. I had the Italian omelette with hash browns and toast. The omelette was fluffy and stuffed full of artichokes, red peppers and topped with a generous drizzle of pesto. Even the hash browns and toast were perfect...hash  browns were crisp on the outside and perfectly tender inside. Our kids had the chocolate and peanut butter pancakes with maple butter and real vanilla bean whipped cream! The only negative was our server, Josh, forgot to add my side of bacon to our order, then never checked on us once our food came out. I had to ask another server for the bacon! He seemed preoccupied by a larger table seated behind us who appeared to be regulars. Will definitely come here again on our next trip to Sarasota!
One of my favorite breakfast restaurants.  The omelets and pancakes are wonderful.  And the spot is lovely.  You wouldn't know that you are just a block away from downtown.
Nice place that reminds you of being at an old fashioned train station. They actually have a model train that goes around a track overhead. Outside seating area in the shade with water misters to help with the humidity. Ok so the food, I had the new menu item, salmon scramble. Open sandwich came on a half of french bread in a bed of arugula with brie, avocado and dill sauce. It was great, more than enough of a scramble. I couldn't finish it, I felt guilty, but it was tasty. Coffee there was also great! Prompt friendly quick service! Nice eclectic menu items, not just your boring regular breakfast items.
Great food. Nice outside seating area. A little train runs around the tracks inside. Some interesting and delicious food selections. Good portions and prices.
A great place to go for lunch, decent service, reasonable price. I like to sit outdoors when the weather is nice. I haven't had their breakfast, though. I hear the wait can be long on weekends.
Food is wonderful and back porch is perfect in the early morning, but heats up fast. Omlettes are king.
Went for breakfast with hungry family-- fresh juice, great coffee (we are hard to please) and diverse omelets and breakfast basics. Our grandson had ABC pancakes, and ate every bite.  Our group ordered, Truffled Eggs Benedict, Italian Omelet and French Omelet. All with fresh eggs and ingredients. Atmosphere is refreshing-- though the 40's music got a little annoying by the end of the meal.
I am so glad I returned to Station 400 after going for lunch and it not being that great. Even though it was hot we chose to sit outside.It was so pretty and there were misters to cool us off, why doesn't every out door restuarnt have those! Our waiter Josh, was super friendly, nice and just started our breakfast off right.  Yes waiters make all the difference.  The menu was really different. I have some food allergies so I went with the truffle eggs benedict with roasted mushrooms no sauce and though I really wanted hashbrowns had the fruit. The eggs were poached perfectly, there was sprigs of arugla on the english muffin and the roasted mushrooms were perfect but they only gave like five tiny mushrooms, I wanted more.  I normally don't like fruit but this was amazing really fresh huge black berries, kiwi, pineapple and cantelope.   Both of my friends who I dined with were super pleased with their choices. We loved everything it was an enjoyable experience and we will make this part of our regular Sunday breakfast!
Cute little place, service was good on my visit (see my tip, the manager was my waiter and he provided prompt service and showed sincere concern over whether I liked my salad - it was not bad, but not the best I've had).  My meal, which I ordered on the manager's recommendation, was not exactly an optimal combination of flavors, as I said in my tip - hopefully, though, they'll take all the constructive criticism they get from interested customers who want to see them continue to succeed and will try to improve where they fall short.   Despite other reviews to the contrary, I got the distinct impression that they valued my feedback.  For me, though, this was another lesson in why you should NEVER go against your first instinct after reviewing a menu - in my experience that's almost always a mistake!  I should have opted for their salad nicoise as that is a favorite and is what I was drawn to when I first sat down.  Although I might venture back here someday to put their version of nicoise salad to the test, in all honesty, with so many cool-looking eateries in the area, I'm probably not likely repeat an experience that, while generally enjoyable, didn't really "knock my socks off."
First visit: First impressions were positive; young couple entering just ahead of us told us that "This place is awesome!" Nothing we saw, sensed or savored contradicted their opinion. The old train station that was dismantled and carried stick-by-stick from Indiana and then reassembled in Sarasota is friendly and cozy. Courteous and attentive hostess and waiter made the 5 of us comfortable by pushing two 4-tops together, looking forward to our lunches. They arrived in good time -- Cuban sandwiches, squash soup and clam chowder... and those Parmesan fries!!! Yum!  Station 400 is bookmarked for a return visit.
A great locally owned Restaraunt that serves up wonderful breakfast and lunch dishes. Everything on the standard menu is fantastic and their daily specials never fail to hit the spot either.  If your in for lunch make sure to get the Parmesan French fries!
Decent food. Slowwwwwww service. Best of SRQ?? LOL
The first thing we loved about Station 400 is the outdoor seating area. The building is quirky and has character and the outdoor area is very large with a wonderful makeshift canvas awning and plenty of shade. We've been there four times now and had stellar service 3 of the 4, and quite bad service the 4th. They have a wonderful selection of sandwiches. We've never tried their breakfast. Some notable menu items: 1) Fried Green Tomato Club Sandwich. Either my girlfriend or I have ordered this 3 of the 4 times we've been there. 2) Chicken Curry wrap. This is more interesting than delicious but I'm glad I tried it once. It's a chicken-salad and with green apple (iirc) but the biggest thing for me was that it was just bland, which was inexcusable in something with "curry" in the name. 3) Cuban Sandwich. This is an above average cuban. Not extremely so, but  above average nonetheless. If you like Cubans, you'll like this. (And try the one at Tommy Bahama!) 4) Cold cucumber melon soup. ( Or something like that. ) This was very good. Would order again! 5) The FRIES!!! are fantastic. The place was very dog friendly. One of our top choices now for lunch on the weekend.
It was just ok as far as we were concerned. I had the waffles and my husband had the eggs and corn beef hash.
I went here and loved the food. Service and atmosphere was awesome too ! Definitely coming back here.
What a treat for our taste buds! Great service from Marcial. Loved the train decor. Fresh curried chicken wrap with sweet potato fries and applesauce. Would definitely come again.
Tried Station 400 for a change only to be really disappointed. Un-attentive service, cold breakfast and undercooked (as in raw) eggs. Couldn't get anyone's attention to get eggs replaced and everything else on our plates was really cold. Our waitress removed the eggs from our bill once she presented, but we left disappointed due to the lack of attentiveness. Not once did she check once we were served. Too many other good places to go in Sarasota to return here. Next time, Word of Mouth for brunch instead.
Great food, I have had almost every lunch option that Eric puts out and most of the breakfasts.  I can honestly say that I have not had a course here that I disliked.  There are a handful that I cannot get enough of, the top one being the Balsamic Chicken Sandwich.  God, the goat cheese takes this sandwich over the top.
This is my favorite breakfast restaurant. Station 400 serves the best fresh breakfast in Sarasota. They use lots of fresh local ingredients and combine them in both interesting and simple ways. Eating here is ECSTASY!
First of all, this place is adorable. Built inside an old train station and a big patio area (with shade!) makes a great place to sip large glasses of iced tea! We have been here twice (having lunch both times) and have found it to be very tasty! Sweet potato fries are served with apple sauce, the Station Burger has the best grilled flavor staked with loads of toppings,  and the special of smoked cheddar grilled cheese, crispy bacon and sliced of granny smith apple was just awesome. We will be coming back here as one of our lunch staples!
Delicious!
Yummy cuban sandwich and parmesan fries. Those fries alone are worth a trip here. so good! Their chicken salad is good too.
Doesn't really strike you over the head with images of trains or train stations, but good food and an outdoor patio.  The menu is breakfast and lunch.  The former mainly consists of eggs, pancakes, and waffles.  I had the croque madame which was great.
I had lunch with a friend here, and overall it was a great experience.  The service was excellent and the food fresh and delicious.  The only negative was it was loud, as there were a lot of people dinning there, and it was only 11:45 am.   I ordered the chicken salad salad, and it was a generous portion of both chicken salad and lettuce with some grated carrots, sliced cucumber, and tomatoes with the salad dressing on the side.  My friend had the chicken salad on a croissant that came with a side and she got the Parmesan french fries. The Parmesan fries were addictive!
A definite stop! This is a fun restaurant that offers indoor and outdoor covered seating, large booths inside, large bathrooms & spacious. Been there for breakfast several times! The lavender honey yogurt w/ granola and fruit was outstanding and I would continue to order it over and over. The portion sizes are very generous. The service attentive. The over all feel is relaxed & casual. Perfect for Sunday morning or a business lunch.
We sat down to a long awaited breakfast at Station 400. The atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming.  Everything on the menu really jumped out at us and made the decision very difficult to pick an item.   We settled for 1 breakfast item and 1 lunch item so we could try both aspects of the menu.  The Croque Madame should of been sent back immediately because it was cold the minute it was brought to the table.  The asparagus salad that was served on the side was just some arugula with a drizzle of balsamic vinagrette.  The asparagus that was served on top looked like it was from a can or sitting in liquid overnight.  Pale, saturated, and limp.....you dont want your asparagus described with any of these words.   The BLT with a fried green tomato was soggy and a very small portion with little bacon.  I am a big boy but dont always have to have a huge portion.  C'mon guys....for 10 bucks, give me some bacon!!!    The toast on the BLT was soggy on the bottom and the fried green tomato lacked texture. They are trying to do a house cut fry but that was also.....you guessed it....soggy.   Best thing we had was the coffee. Very cool atmosphere but the food at American Cafe and Ce La Vie is much better.  This one is not worth the money they charge.
Great atmosphere - I love coming here for breakfast.  Try the truffle eggs Benedict!
Let me start off by saying that the concept for this restaurant is great. The building and decor are really fantastic, and the story of how it came to be is quite interesting. The idea of having unique and locally-inspired food is admirable. The staff is generally friendly and polite. But beyond that is where things go downhill. Every time I've been here I've had cold or lukewarm food, regardless of the number of people in my party or how busy the restaurant was. One time I had relatively decent service, but still the server seemed too busy to give my table much attention, which resulted in me just sucking it up and eating food I did not care for rather than sending it back. The other times I've been there, my servers either disappeared for most of the meal or were obviously overwhelmed with too many other tables.
Best breakfast I've ever had. The service, for such a busy place, is fast and extremely friendly.  If you go here and don't enjoy yourself, then you probably don't enjoy life in general.
Food was really creative and good. 4+. However, it took 45 minutes for our breakfast to come out. None of our orders should have taken that long (pancakes and omelettes). Other tables that sat after us were served before us. In fact our food was set down at another table before those customers brought it to staff attention. Same plates then brought to our table. (As others didn't touch it we didn't make a fuss as we had already been waiting so long). Maybe we threw the kitchen off with party of 11. Too bad the wait ruined the experience.
Best place for breakfast and lunch hands down in Sarasota. I had a maple bacon muffin that is in the top 5 things I have ever eaten. Everything is fresh and tastes amazing. Definitley a must if you are in Sarasota.
We've been here twice now, and probably won't return. The service was soooo incredibly slow, and my food was cold when it got to the table. While the food was above average on both occasions, the slow service just turned us off this restaurant.
This restaurant seems to have forgotten that their primary purpose is to serve food. I never got any. It certainly is lovely, especially the outdoor patio. But I can't eat that. I had about an hour for lunch. I sat down and quickly ordered a veggie wrap, a coke, and a water. The coke came right away, the water after about 15 minutes. The wrap hadn't arrived at the 45 minute mark. Other tables seated after me had their food. I would have asked the waiter what was up but he was avoiding eye contact. So I walked out. I figured that they could spot me a coke for ruining my lunch hour. Never going back.
Great location, excellent service and absolutely wonderful breakfast. Coffee is a bit strong but milk and sugar make it very tasty.
Great spot near downtown with indoor and outdoor seating, off street.  Has some charm, and the food is fresh, abundant, and quite good. Had a curried chicken salad that was excellent.  Noise level is low, so great for conversations.  Will definitely be back.
The food is always fantastic.  Seriously if you haven't been you need to check this place out!  They are opened for breakfast and lunch which means they close at 3.  Everything on the menu is great and as a bonus they have Saratoga water.  The inside is cute and very clean.  Be sure to enjoy this jewel of Sarasota.
Unique menu, fresh ingredients, and a refreshing change to this area of Sarasota. We have enjoyed Station 400 for both breakfast and lunch, and have not been disappointed.
Always looking for a nice lunch spot after arriving in sarasota (before hotel check-in).  Saw some good reviews of Station 400 and gave it a try.  We were pleasantly surprised by the lovely outdoor seating area - with plenty of shade, the friendly service, and tasty lunch!  Love the fried green tomato BLT, the chicken salad and fruit, and the eggs.  Will definitely come back!
