Walking into this place, you think you are about to buy a $4 hot dog...which I would have been more than happy to do last night.  However; if you walk past the cashier and through a curtain door, you are transformed into a trendy bar area complete with cushioned walls and blue ambiance lighting.  The atmosphere was really cool...to put it simply.  The menu was really just as cool as the atmosphere.  The drink specialties were quite exotic.  I ordered the Prosciutto  Melon and while very very unique tasting, it was very very good.  They also offer a small appetizer menu which we ordered 3 things: the pretzel sticks with beer cheese dip (AMAZING!!!), mini-grilled cheese sandwiches (again, AMAZING...my only gripe is that they were VERY mini.  The whole portion probably amounted to about 1/2 a sandwich) and the crab rangoons (best crab rangons I've ever had...seriously).  The service was fantastic as well. The reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is that it was very very pricey.  Generally, $12-$13 for a specialty drink which is what I would expect to pay, but the drink portions were very small, same with the appetizer portions.  4 drinks and 3 appetizers later, we left with a $68 bill and that was not including tip.  Our dinner bill was seriously $20 cheaper.  That being said, it would not deter me from coming back.  I will probably take my friends when they come to visit and maybe even my parents.
The Pangea Lounge is half sandwich shop and half lounge.  Cool, Intimate, European style lounge in the back.  They have some wild drinks and the appetizers were really good.  This place is a little pricey so be prepared but we enjoyed it.
I've been to this place twice in the past 2 months and I would give 5 stars for the experience but when are they going to fix the AC?! Both times it's been ridiculously hot and there's almost no air circulating, they had buckets in the middle of the floor to catch leaking water last night. Why would they be open if they had a roof leak in the middle of the bar? I really enjoyed the crafted drinks and the atmosphere other than the temperature.
"What is this 'hip' bar in Sarasota you are talking about?" That was my reaction when my friend linked me to Pangea's website to have a look in anticipation of a recent visit I made to the area. Touting itself as a kind of "speakeasy bar," it definitely seemed to be worth a try, and it turns out that it was. For starters, Pangea is a speakeasy in that it is in the rear of an as-of-yet unnamed/unidentified sandwich shop, so you walk in and keep going and it's behind a curtain. OK, now that you've found it - the bar itself! Hmm... Points for originality, especially in the Sarasota-sphere of eating and drinking, where the run on Early Bird Specials is what keeps places open. Pangea is catering a younger, hipper audience here, and it mostly works. The space itself is kind of weird and illuminated in this blue-ish light that gives it the effect of being underwater (or as my friend said "A prom limo..."). There are banquettes all along the sides, so lots of places to sit, and a bar area in the back as well (there's a rear exit here out into a semi-sketch alley that doubles as the smoking spot for patrons). Surprisingly, Pangea wins the most points for its drinks - They are really good! The menu is not excessively long, but curated, presented coherently and the mixology in play works wonderfully. I had a Corpse Reviver #2 cocktail which was simply excellent. My friend had a drink called Purple Drank which was basically some kind of faux ghetto grape concoction, but also a delight. My second drink was a Salty Dog which was less exciting, but still good. Pangea's drinks are reasonably priced for what you get, so overall I think this is a win. My only complaint here is that the service on the night we stopped in was very, very slow. At least 30 minutes transpired between us ordering and receiving our drinks. If they can straighten that out (or even if they can't), Pangea is a good bet for a few great drinks and fun place to while away a night in Sarasota.
I'm not gonna lie... By having a business you get one star from me. The second star is because it's got a cool entrance and honestly the Server was very knowledgable about not only their featured drinks but also all their whiskey (for which they have a good selection). Here is the thing. After talking with the server, and noting that they didn't have the best sounding manhattan on the menu... She convinced me to get another one and told me it would be the cost of the whiskey I picked. I thought... Well sweet! Picked my manhattan with the bitters and vermouth she recommended. I only had one (thank goodness) and my drink came out to be $17 dollars. $17 freaking dollars for a mid level bourbon manhattan. I'm sorry, but being charged 2 bucks for bitters and 3 for vermouth? That is ridiculous. If I was told that was going to be my price I wouldn't have gotten anything there. My manhattan shouldn't have cost more than 11.50 like I was told to begin with. Bottom line, cool room. But go in, look, and leave. I should also mention that although the server was knowledgable... She took for freaking ever.
Interesting spot, behind a sandwich place. Service was friendly but slow. I understand the cocktails are hand crafted, so the wait was understood. They have good cocktail options, pretty innovative in general, but the execution of the drinks still needs some work. I'm putting this in context of other cities, but for Sarasota it's way above what's being done. Hence the reason why this is a 4 versus a 3.
I'm very conflicted about this place. On the one hand, our bartender Brad fixed me a Peach Old Fashioned with Mezcal and cedar smoke, an off-menu creation that was complex and quite good. On the other hand, it wasn't quite complex enough once the smoke dissipated--needed a bite or bit of spice to serve as a bridge between the two flavors. It's a nice touch that they serve a cocktail amuse bouche. I can't remember what we had, but it was gently sweet, vodka-based and featured black pepper. So good and refreshing that one of my companions ordered it full-sized. They also offer an interesting variety of tinctures and flavored bitters: cinnnamon, cloves, garam masala and more. Bar food is passable. We had pretzel twists, warm and light, but served with an entirely bland cheese sauce on the side. However, I'm from Philadelphia, where we have a handful of speakeasies, and each is initmately decorated, with cozy corners, velvet, cushions, curtains. Their false front, a sandwich shop, is cute, and when we were wandering past, lost, someone (probably hired by Pangea) ushered us inside. But behind the black curtain, things don't look much better than they do out front. It's cheaply decorated, cheaply furnished with a cold, half-empty vibe. And that sort of describes the place itself, kind of cold, a half-effort with lots of potential.
Who knew Sarasota had a speakeasy?  I wanted to go to 5 stars, but I'm not because they seem confused.  Its supposed to be a speakeasy, with really complex drinks served in a "hidden" location.  The front of the shop - on main street - is a sandwich shop.  If I recall, the lounge used to extend all the way to the street, but it looks like they changed that.  Once we found our way inside, it seems like you can get in through the sandwich shop (because people came in from the front), but the entrance to the speakeasy is through the alley in the back.  That confused the heck out of us since we walked to the address on main street, and it wasn't there.  But some research on yelp and we found out we had to go around. Anyway, it is very nice inside, but its a lounge, not a speakeasy.  It's a modern day, modern set-up lounge with plush couches and a set up like you'd expect.  I've been to a couple of speakeasies - New York and Atlanta - and they all have the hidden entrance, but the others were set up like you'd expect from a 1920's speakeasy.   It may sound strange that I would deduct a star from a place I really liked, but if you're going to be a speakeasy, set yourself up like one.  Don't mix and match styles.  I'd probably still give it 5 starts though if it wasn't for the complete lack of a dress code.  I know this is Florida, especially Sarasota, and you're going to hurt your business if you don't allow shorts or flip flops.  I get it, but I still have a problem with it.  Whether you're a speakeasy, or a modern lounge with just really fancy drinks, a place like this should have a dress code. Anyway, onto the good stuff - the drinks are fantastic.  I couldn't even tell you what we got, but mine was called a WT something, which stood for white trash, so it was served in a red solo cup with a small piece of a fried bologna sandwich as a garnish.  I know - not very speakeasy-ish - but it made us laugh and the drink was fantastic.  The drink menu was filled with complex but delicious looking drinks, Service was fantastic.  The one cocktail server they had knew a lot and was on her game.  It was slow, which probably helped, but she was still excellent. So really, this is a 5 star gin-joint.  I'm just picky.
I heard about a speakeasy in SRQ and I thought - no way! This is a go-to place for most unique drinks in Sarasota. They have a large variety of mixed drinks, but they also have some typical beers for tour less-than-adventurous drinking buddy. You can tell the drinks here are made with tlc. The bartenders are skilled and friendly. They will be glad to help you navigate the menu and help you pick out the best option for you. It pains me to not be able to give this place 5 stars, because of epic failure of the interior designer, but it doesn't have the look of a speakeasy. My boyfriend and I have been to speakeasies in NY and ATL and this place seemed more like sci-fi cartoonish.  They need to add some blue velvet fabric on the walls or something to bring in some sophistication to match the sophisticated cocktails. Also, if you're looking to get away from the older crowd, then this is the place to go! None of the blue hairs will dare brave the walk to that back alley entrance! Haha
Ummmmm if you go there with a large group, they will literally ask you to leave. It's rare to be kicked out of a bar when you aren't being unruly, so savor that experience with this elitist piece of shit bar.
Sarasota, you are very lucky to have this bar in your city.  A place like this would require a 3-hour minimum wait on weekends in NYC.  The drinks are beyond signature cocktails most bars or restaurants feature on their menus.  Thought went into each drink to create a unique concoction and flavorful experience. My very favorite is one with mango ice cubes, sprite and vodka.  The most recent menu has a Blue Mule with blueberry ice cubes.  I could list the menu, but it's constantly changing and there's too many to recall. The storefront is similar to a speakeasy that serves sandwiches, but go behind the curtain to find the lounge.  They have cozy booths and play down tempo music for the most part.   A light snacking menu is offered as well.
This place is not just another martini bar!  They have boy and girl drinks for everyone.  Actually, most of their cocktails are manly in some way, there are only one or two girly drinks that are mild.  Think of the drink menu as an international tour of flavors, if you will.  Drinks with a spicy Latin kick, curry spiced drinks, and some drinks so strong that just one will put you down for the night.  Average price of a beverage is about $10, but totally worth it considering you could only handle about two.   The atmosphere is very intimate, with enclosed booths, and your choice to draw the curtain.  Dark romantic lighting with moving wave effects will make you feel like you are drinking on the bottom of the ocean floor. Lan provides the finger foods, so a small snack menu is provided with decent pricing.  I recommend the Duck Confit Eggrolls.
J'adore Pangea! Oh wow, if you have not yet been here do yourself a favor and go there! The atmosphere is dark and chill. Music is right on the mood every time. This is a true Lounge. The drinks are out of this world fantastic. Flavor fusion to the max. Brad the bartender is nothing short of a genius. I have been in many a time for a cocktail or two before hitting the dance floor. Each drink is exactly the same every time. These drinks are hand crafted, measured and you can literally see the love being poured into each one. Check it out for your self! *Mango Ice Cubes *Mellon Foam *Blueberry Extracts *Handmade Sweet Potato Chips Too much good stuff to name! Julie Andrews sang it best, "These are a few of my favorite things...."
It is NOT just Martinis they serve here!  It is Martini ART! I don't care if you have been enjoying martinis for your whole life or you just started enjoying martinis...  You HAVE to come here and try one for yourself!  There is no explaination I can write to tell you how the flavor explodes as well as melts in your mouth.  They change the menu every 3 months or so, you will always have new drinks to try..   BEST kept secret in Sarasota....  But now you know...
The sandwich I got from the front was terrible, and the nacho cheese that came with it was gross. I got the Philly, but the onions came separate, and the meat is funky. I also got a drink since I saw so many rave reviews for cocktails. I got the battanga and it was a hot mess. I don't see any redeeming qualities in this place.
Another stellar evening at Pangea! Tried 2 more drinks off the "comforting" menu ... Good Lord, it just keeps getting better! I had one of the most amazing drinks, ever! Chai & Mayan Not Yours, rocked my socks! Wonderful New Year's Eve in SRQ and Pangea served us a little piece of heaven and escape from the crazies out on Main!
Luv it. My favorite place to grab a drink after work. They have a great S.I.N. night on Wed. & Thurs.  Brad and Brett are great not only for their expertise in drink making but also for interesting conversation. I always go stag & enjoy myself.  I also love the intimate, chill atmosphere. It is a great place to relax.
Love the martinis and the food was great too! Felt very trendy and VIP just for knowing it was there! Very cool and exclusive!
We were there a bit early I think (the barman told us the place really livens up around 10pm) but have to say not only is it a great spot, with a great barman (Brett) but they cocktails are superb... Despite being early, the barman was very friendly and we had a good laugh at the bar with him for about 30 minutes before our dinner at Lan. I had the "Not Michael's Twist" and managed to down 2 of them in pretty short order... now making them at home :-) Really cool place... would definitely recommend and would absolutely go back again!
Its probably not Pangea's fault, but damn, I was let down. It must be from all the hype my friends put off about this place. I shouldn't have trusted my overactive imagination. First things first, I was in the mood for wine so I didn't sample any of the drinks off of their inventive drink menu. That was my loss, I really should have, and I will next time. This place didn't throw me off because of the lack of drinks, or expertise of the bartenders. I just want you to know that's not the root of my disappointment. They are clearly very talented and put passion into their product. I respect that a lot. I have some inner conflict on how I feel about the secret door. Part of me goes "ooh, how cool and very prohibition like" and the other part says, "how pretentious and out of trend anyway!" Not to mention it was 10pm on a Friday night and the place was only about a third of the way full. Perhaps some signage wouldn't be a bad thing. Here's what I *imagined* Pangea would be like: cozy, intimate. Deep reds and purples. So many pillows that it is slightly obnoxious. Walls of draped fabric that you want to wrap yourself up in. Comfortable, romantic and lush. Instead, Pangea made me feel like I was at a bar in The Jetsons. I thought I was on a spaceship. Why name it Pangea? Blue walls, not even a soothing blue, more like a cold blue, with silver booths. Whenever you combine blue and silver, its such a sterile feel. The seating area wasn't very comfortable. The table height was weird. Its not intimate at all because you are basically in a square room, with all the tables against the wall and a huge space of nothingness right in the middle. Two things about the atmosphere that worked: lighting and music. The lighting could go even a smidge darker, since they've got all that silver going on. The music choices were also great but the transition between songs was awkward. Going from Thievery Corporation to Gym Class Heroes is not very smooth. I was just happy I didn't have to hear Katy Perry or that Gangnam Style guy. Yay! Even if they don't mean to be doing the Jetsons thing, if ever you are going for a look, don't be afraid to do it BIG. I'd say scrap the futuristic theme, and go for my idea. (Pangea, you can hire me to redecorate for you. ;) ) It could go from Sarasota-swank to NYC-swank.
Owned by the amazing folks at Lan next door.  Place went to rear entry only off the alley, might be off putting to some but I think it adds to the mystique.  Still all the amazing drinks, one of SRQs best kept secrets.  Please share.
Pangea! I love you and your extra dirty martinis and amazing olives. Always great service and good people. Relaxing atmosphere as well. Definitely not an average bar, never leaves me unsatisfied.
This is the best bar in Sarasota.
Found this place on Yelp as our group was looking for a cool plavce to have a couple drinks after a nice dinner in Sarasota.  We decided to try Pangea and we were glad we did.  It is very interesting and mysterious as there is little to no signage announcing this place.  We entered through the sandwich shop on Main Street and walked past the cooler and through the hanging sheets into the back room and found a watering hole which would make anyone proud! They have some very unique drinks and we had fun designing our own drinks and letting the capable bartenders make their masterpieces. The drink prices are about what you would expect, around $9-10 for a mixed drink but they are very generous portions and gave each of us an additional carafe of the extra which really made enough for 2 drinks so we felt it was a good value. We would go back if we ever find our selves out in Sarasota looking for a place to hang out and have a great drink!
Came in here in June and loved the hand crafted cocktails and unique flavors. The place was quiet and upscale, more on the sophisticated side but not pretentious. I am already planning on revisiting when I am back in town.
You won't find another lounge like it in the area. Very unique decore and relaxing atmosphere. Great for a date, with friends, or by yourself. You will always meet new and interesting people. The drinks are one of a kind and and out of this world. The food is to die for! You must visit this place at least once.... A week!
Awesome place, the atmosphere is great. They have a good music at a reasonable level of volume so you can actually hold conversations with people. The staff here is super friendly as well and will be able to make any drink that you ask for and recommend great drinks also. If you are hungry you can order off of the Pangea Menu . Overall a great place to get a drink if you are tired of the loud local bars and want to have a relaxing time.
I don't understand how this place is still open for business. We went there on a Friday night with a group of 8 people and we were turned away at the door. They told us that they will not accommodate large groups because their drinks take a long time to make so people would be waiting. Even when we told them we understood and were willing to wait for our drinks, they still told us they couldn't seat a large party although there was space. Then we said we would just stand by the bar and order a couple drinks and shots for our group and head out. They refused to serve us shots and told us that they aren't that kind of bar. They want to maintain a chill atmosphere so they won't even serve shots to their customers. At that point, as politely as I could, I told the manager that this was very unusual and he probably shouldn't turn down business in Sarasota of all places where all the other restaurants nearby were pretty empty. Even though I kept a reasonable tone and didn't yell at him (even though I really wanted to), he told me to "shut up." And that is when we walked out and will never go back again. Unbelievably terrible experience.
looove this place! nice service!! eccentric, cool, creative drinks! i recommend people here all the time. i hope it never shuts down
