I was impressed with this hidden gem in Sarasota. Business dinner turned nothing but exquisite event. Perfect temperature wine was shared. Three-course pre-fix menu to satisfy all the picky eaters. Great desserts. I had beets with goat cheese for the appetiser, which was awesome - I do love beets, and those were roasted nicely. Main course, veal with crispy sweetbreads, corn, pearl onions and saffron sauce was just delicious, and veal was cooked just like it supposed to - pink and tender. Dessert, lemon tart, was noting less than amazing. Highly recommend - for special night out, event or party, this is great place!
Nice surroundings but don't expect to leave 'satisfied.' The small plate of Elk - $18.00 is truly just that - three small cuts of tender Elk on some nondescript vegetable that came out lau warm at best. The beet salad had four thin slices of beets with scattered goat cheese over very mushy lettuce and I have no idea what the dressing was.   My husband was satisfied with his Flat Iron steak but there was nothing exceptional with the seasonings and the fries were cold. None of the plates came out with any kind of pleasing presentation.  Our check was $100.00 and we both came home hungry. PS: They don't seem to filter the water - so be on the safe side and order bottled water.
In a word.....Divine! I finally snuck in here on a weeknight with a girlfriend to have dinner. We were early and were given a table but otherwise the room was booked. This is a wonderful and intimate space with an outside patio that's perfect during a Sarasota winter. My friend and I shared the Salmon small plate for a starter. I ordered a special: Mediterranean Sea Bass stuffed with greens and grilled while my friend ordered the Scallop entree. Both were excellent following the wonderful Salmon small plate. We finished off the evening with the Grand Marnier Souffle. Everything was top notch and the menu left me looking forward to my next visit. One of the owners waited on us and it was truly a pleasure. I think he would have stayed at our table and talked about food with us all night long. Definitely an example of his pride in ownership. The sommelier was equally wonderful as was everyone else we came n contact with. Very attentive staff. A must try! Enjoy!
Just had a belated birthday dinner at Pomona. Started out with the chirzo plate and "warm" olive starters. Absolutely fabulous! Had the duck confit and sea scallops with ravoli for dinner. Service was spectacular! Love when the wait staff actually serves your wine with, not after dinner. Had the mascarpone with maple syrup, espresso and cappuccino for dessert. Best dinner ever. Will be back!
Excellent service. Very good food. Portions are beautifully though sometimes surprisingly small. Try the cheese plate for dessert.
Food was exquisite. The service absolutely perfect - there when you need it, not when you don't, water & wine glasses always full. If they have the Grand Marnier Souffle as a dessert special then it is a must, as is the regular menu item Maple Cheesecake. Cannot recommend strongly enough. My new favorite restaurant.
I'm a foodie from New York City visiting my family for the weekend. We met another family here for dinner.  I was thrilled when we were seated outside under the toasty heat lamps. The view was fantastic and I couldn't wait to see the menu. We couldn't decide on a wine so the sommelier assisted. We gave him 4 references as to our palate including the region. Long story......he couldn't figure it out. We finally gave up. The menu is not very traditional making it hard to find something that appealed to me. We were a party of 8 and 7 entrées came out. About 5 minutes later it finally arrived  cold. The owner came over to explain that it was just prepared and then 3 other guests in our party revealed that theirs was cold as well but didn't want to complain. They did comp a desert but between the off beat menu, the NYC prices, poorly executed food entrées, and a sommelier that couldn't  match your palate (quite suspect if you ask me) makes this a perfect destination for a romantic spot for cocktails before or after you dine somewhere else!!
Best place in town.  Try the duck confit as an app. It's awesome.  Whatever the soufflé of the day is, get it, you won't regret it!
I love this restaurant. It is so nice to eat at a place where the food is so good, the ambiance comfortable and the service is impeccable. The decor is understated and cozy. When I sit at the table I don't want to leave. I ordered a salad with pear and greens, it was delicious and for my entree the flatiron steak, it was delicious, perfectly prepared, exact temperature, the fries were delicious. My husband had the duck confit which was incredible and the lamb chops too. I had a taste of my friend's sweetbreads which were very well prepared. This is one of the best restaurants on the West Coast of Florida.
Super yummy. Fresh ingredients, thoughtful menu, great service. Definitely one of the best spots in town. Love sitting outside by the fire on cool nights.
We had a wonderful dinner at Pomona tonight and will go back often.  All of our meals were excellent with great ambiance and service.  Definitely order the chocolate soufflé.  Also, this  is the perfect time of year to sit outside by the fireplace under the lights.  Great Sarasota restaurant.
We had dinner at Pomona on Friday night and absolutely loved it. It is a lovely space, understated, with high ceilings and plenty of room between tables. I don't know what all the talk on the sites regarding snootiness is about, but the owner, sommelier and other staff were knowledgeable, professional and passionate about the menu, including where and how various proteins on the menu were raised. The Jerusalem artichoke soup (no cream) was fantastic, really distilled the flavor of the tuber down to perfection. The best mussels we had ever tasted, including one in our party who orders them just about anytime they are available on a menu. The steak was cooked perfectly, with a buttery texture that almost didn't require and knife and fantastic "duck-fat" fries (which did not come with the dish but which the waiter was happy to substitute). The coup de grace was the antelope which itself was just fabulous and not at all gamey and perfectly cooked to a juicy medium-rare, but the many items pared on that plate, from greens to caramelized onions to slightly bitter rutabaga and slightly sweet parsnip and amazing thick cut bacon made this dish one of the best I've had in many recent great meals in Sarasota and NYC. The wine list is small, but very well-curated - we ordered a 2004 Rioja which at $39/bottle was an excellent value and a truly great wine. We've been to all of the upper-end restaurants in Sarasota and Longboat and really felt that Pomona hit it out of the park.
