Great place to spend an hour wandering and woolgathering on a rainy or snowy afternoon (during the limited days they're open--Weds-Sun only). This is a regional/provincial museum in the truest sense: most of the items on exhibit are either about Albany, created by an Albany artist, or donated by an Albany collector. There isn't much good art here but lots of history and the collections are well curated with helpful and informative labels for the most part. There doesn't seem to be any "permanent" display and right now they have a collection of curios from the vaults including some truly strange stuff like a collection of hair jewelry (that's jewelry made of hair) and a miniature Indian trading post complete with little tiny Indian artifacts. Admission's a bit steep at $10 but there's free parking in the back, and other reviewers have mentioned it's free on First Fridays. (But it's better to go on a regular price day when you'll virtually have the place to yourself.) Oh, don't forget the Egyptian "gallery" (a small side room) that contains a counterfeit mummified cat (xrays established it's actually a dog; cat mummies were in such high demand that other animals were frequently substituted) and the unwrapped human mummy that has given nightmares to generations of Albany schoolchildren. Bwaah!
This is definitely an underappreciated museum in Albany. They have some great permanent collections - including an Egyptian exhibit that features a real mummy. The New York exhibits are also really cool - especially their collection of Hudson River School of Art paintings.  Many of the non-permanent collections feature New York artists, and they manage to blend art and history beautifully. There's always a wide range of programming scheduled along with each exhibit, including children's activities, teacher's workshops and lunchtime lectures. They also participate in most of the Albany First Friday events, which  is great because it lets you get to see all of the exhibits for free. They always have great food, too. Some months they have wineries or restaurants providing the tastings, which is especially cool. AIHA also has a great museum gift shop.
The Albany Institute offers a number of exhibits but it is notable for its collection of paintings from the Hudson River School of Art. If, like me, your interest in that subject is lukewarm, it rates three stars. If you are really into the Hudson River School, this is an important resource and a must-see five star attraction. See also our review of the Hudson River Valley National Heritage Area.
I always love going to the Institute the day after Thankgiving.  I do enjoy seeing some of the newer exhibits, but not all (I don't consider shoe collections art).
OK, there *are* some cool things in/about the Albany Institute of History & Art.  For one, I believe it's one of the very oldest continuously running museums in the USA.  And the museum also has a couple of real Egyptian mummies, which is pretty cool!  However, I think the rest of the exhibits here are kind of boring and pedestrian; there aren't a whole lot of things besides the mummies that really "wowed" me, and there really aren't that many pieces by notable names in the place.  I wish I could give this place a higher review, but it's still a decent place to stop by on First Fridays, when the exhibits are free.  For a better museum in the area, stop by the NYS Museum, which is w/in easy walking distance.  The latter's free, and the exhibits are a lot more fun.
The Hudson River Valley School collection was the reason for my visit. They have divided it between the third floor gallery and a second floor children's exhibit. Unfortunately, the whole second floor has gone the way of insultingly dumbed down children's exhibits everywhere. But the Hudson River Valley paintings, while few in number, are more than you can see elsewhere. It was well worth the visit.
