I have been here a few times over the years.  It was the place to finish the night with a friend.  We would always sit at a table not the bar.  The mai-thai does taste like lighter fluid.  But the sneaky-tiki, a lighter version, is divine.  Definitely recommend going at night.  I imagine this place to be the type of bar featured in a Bogart movie in which he needs a stiff drink and a good smoke.  Hawaiian shirt, optional...This is a taste of old school tiki kitsch without the water view.  If you stay in Sarasota long, then it is a must visit.
I want it to be a cool bar ... But...  well it sucks. And now there isn't even a happy hour cheese tub...so what's the use?   The drinks taste like jet fuel and what fun is a bar with no food to wash down the ugly taste?...
Strong drinks. A Sarasota landmark. See Eric the bartender!
Mai tai at the 'Hut will cause your evening to spiral out of control.  People there are weird, mainly hookers getting off work or pimps waiting on their money.  Staff is great.  Drinks are awesome.  Must see visit in the SRQ
I was interested to try this place, since it was touted as some secret local hotspot. We met up with another couple to check ou ttheir infamous mai tais. Phew. They were good, but holy smokes they were STRONG. No one could complain that this place serves weak drinks. I was expecting that going in, so I ordered the smaller version of the mai tai; I had to be up early the next day, don't judge! Despite all the notoriety, the place was pretty dead despite the fact that it was New Year's Eve. The outside was a bit strange, and it's next door to a really sketchy hotel (we saw plenty of escort ladies milling about outside the window). Nothing really terrifying, just a bit strange. If smoke bothers you, you might have a little trouble in this joint... I live in Michigan and was totally unprepared for inside smoking. This is the type of place where you could easily find yourself making very bad decisions...
This is one of those places that is hard to review.  It is the Bahi Hut.  There is no other way.  And that's why I like it.  I wouldn't spend too much time here, but it's fun to get silly here once in awhile.  It says cocktail lounge on the front.  The neighborhood is strange.  The decor is terrible.  The staff is friendly, but I wouldn't mess with them too much.  They probably could lose that smile fast.  And half the people in there are there because it's the Bahi Hut, and the other half probably have heads in their freezers.  Now go have a mai tai, because they're terrible and will cause the downward spiral you always dreamed about.  Be good!
This place is strange because you could love it or hate it. I could see either way. I went here a bunch in college. It's not particularly nice, I mean, a "hut" is an appropriate descriptor for it. The lighting is really dark and it's kind of got an old smoke smell but it for some reason is kind of a landmark and the Mai Tai's being so strong makes it so you don't really care where you are anyway. You're only allowed 2 and that's probably a good thing. Overall though, if you're into divey-sports this is one to check out.
The bahi hut is a total dive bar, but for some reason I tend to frequent this place after formal parties. Something about hanging out in this dark divey place all dressed up is just funny, but somehow it almost always happens. It is a Sarasota institution though - you have to go at least once! It's a good start to a 21st bday or a bachelorette - one of those nights you KNOW you are going to drink way too much.
This place will mess you up. Strong drinks? Are you kidding me? These sons of bitches taste like gasoline. Don't say sons of bitches or any other swear words though for that matter because you will get yelled at and potentially kicked out. The place is a dive, absolutely. It's located next to a budget motel for crying out loud. However no trip to the Sarasota area is complete without a trip the the Bahi Hut. Walk in and imagine you are in a dump somewhere in the south pacific. There is a nice sized U-shaped bar to pull up a stool at and a few tables that overlook the parking lot garden. The style inside is classic Tiki Bar. The drinks are strong, did I mention that? You can easily forget your name here. You can wake up next to a real live Florida Cougar too if you are lucky in the Best Western attached to it in the morning not knowing what the hell happened and why is that midget sleeping in the chest of drawers? The one drawback I guess is it gets packed pretty quick. People tend to linger for long periods of time. The last time I was there we noticed a really funky odor coming from the bathroom. I don't know if it was old pipes or if someone ate McDonalds for a month straight and had to unload in there but it was pretty nasty at times. Either way if you are in the Sarasota area this place is on the list of joints you have to check out at least once.
I was lucky enough to try this place before moving, not!  We came to Bahi right after work on a Monday and the mood was very calm, and not too smoky inside yet.  I think that we paid $6.50 for a Mai Thai, even though it was happy hour, which does not include their specialty drinks that they are known for.  The drink did not taste good, since it tasted of straight up alcohol.  It did not mix well with my already existing heartburn from the night before and I am not going to drink something that tastes bad. Maybe I am not a fan of strong drinks.  If I want to taste straight alcohol, I will go home and take shots of rum.  I guess taste and enjoyment is more important to me than getting wasted at a shady place on Ho Row. A place that does all of this Tiki stuff correctly is Waterworks...http://www.yelp.com/biz/waterworks-­tallahassee So call me spoiled.
What do you mean I can only drink two Mai-Tais? And why does my shirt now look Hawaiian? There's not much to review here, because I honestly don't remember too much after drinking the second one. Stiff, stiff drinks and kitschy music in this classic dive bar. Nothing more, nothing less.
This has been a classic lounge on the North Trail for decades, but now apparently experiencing fading glory. I took my wife there long ago when it was still sorta classy and we had potent mai tais that she remembers to this day as a caution against drinking too much.   More recent reviewers throw the "dive" label around too loosely*, but it seems few would not consider it classy.  Just glad to see some institutions prevail even through geriatric evolution. *real dives rarely serve mixed drinks and sometimes little other than copious beer.
On Sarasota's famous North Trail you've got the intimate spot to meet the Bahi Hut! da-dun da-dun! roadsidepeek.com/roadusa…
I have mixed feelings about this place. At first glance walking in, you'd think this is a hip new retro lounge. After sitting down, and ordering drinks  this place definitely lost alot of its charm. Although the decor is pretty awesome looking, it's old. Like, they havent updated it since they first opened. The majority of occupants in the bar smoke, so expect to smell like cigarettes after leaving (can't get the smell off my jeans), not to mention I felt like a minority (20-something white girl). The drinks were VERY strong, I only had one mai-tai and i was set. This place would be ideal if you're looking for a quick drink at a dive, but I wouldnt recommend making a night out of it.
This is one of the great starter bars in Florida have two mai tais and you're set for the night
True staple of srq! While it is smokey, its fun for a quick drink. stay 30minz and then go!
Horrible...as a real tiki enthusiast, this mai tai should not be called a mai tai. Absolutely junk, all rail crap booze, no fruit flavor...no acid, if Don the beach Beachcomber or the trader (trader Vic) could taste this they would be horrified.....serious folks you want old school Tiki  drive three hours South East to the MAI KAI....now that WILL NOT Disappoint!
This place was suggested as a good tiki-ish dive. It did not disappoint. The drinks were *whatever* but they were cheap and the unusual crowd made up for the so/so drinks. If you're looking for someplace hip, trendy, slick....clean...then go somewhere else. If you're looking for adventure-this is the place....
When they say two Mai tai's they mean it. Great drinks, great company. A true local find!
I don't remember much from this place. But one thing is for sure, the Mai Tai is crazy... this is why I don't remember this place. haha i think you're only allowed to have 2, which is good.
When they tell you you can only have two Sneaky Tikis, they mean it out of concern for your liver.  The bartenders are NOT kidding with the drinks, and god bless 'em!  The last time I was there, a group of guys celebrating a buddy's safe return from Iraq got into a fight with some guidos with shiny suits and gelled hair.  Awesome.
Definitely a dive bar landmark that everyone should visit at least once if in Sarasota, and if only for the infamous Mai Tais and Sneaky Tikis.  The neighborhood is sketchy for sure.  The time I went was during the afternoon/evening.  Not sure if I would venture out during solid night hours without a decent group of people.  A place to get loaded on a minimal amount of...the signature...drinks which is why I rated it 'inexpensive' on value.
