Other than being brand spanking new, it's just your typical publix. Although it is allot bigger than the average publix and the parking garage underneath the building is great, especially when the whether isn't nice. The staff was great and very helpful.
This is a fine publix. Same as many others in the Sarasota area, except it has a parking garage and is near downtown. The prices seem higher than others nearby and higher than grocery stores in other parts of the country, even high cost of living areas like Chicagoland.
This is the first Publix I've ever been to. It's great! The staff love to chit chat, which makes shopping there way more fun! The bakery sells such delicious mini eclairs! The check out clerk was even upbeat!
We were driving into downtown along Tamiami and noticed this Publix, and needed a loaf of bread, so... Wow, what a beautiful Publix! They are not just brand spanking new, they have cool gadgets: the area is built-up, so the ground floor is parking, there are escalators and elevators and a staircase if you want the workout, but when returning to your car, they have a special down-escalator for your shopping cart -- no kidding, the shopping cart attaches to this central "lane" and rides down level, with an attendant at the bottom to free it and return it to you. Everyone was ogling that as they came and went from this ultra-new (opened three days ago) supermarket. Everything is new and shiny and spacious and clean... There are many good things on all the shelves, large jars of spices (not just the wimpy and overpriced 1.2 oz jars everyone carries) and organic vegetables -- and while we originally stopped in for bread, we wound up buying bread and curry powder and celery and potatoes (BOGO on the potatoes) and onions and King Arthur flour and sugar... just a lot of really good things in there, all looking clean and fresh and NEW... and cheerful stockers, too, even with white-shirted supervisors prowling around to make sure no one was having TOO much fun :-) Go there, it's like Supermarket TomorrowLand. Stroke the shiny ultra-clean escalator handrails, they'll never be this amazingly perfect again.
Perfect location, huge garage and parking lot makes downtown grocery shopping easy.  Thanks.
Top notch in customer service and quality of product. We flew in for Thanksgiving and ordered our dinner in box from the deli. The whole dinner from turkey to relish was well done and easy to heat and eat. The deli manager made sure I knew what to do before I left.
Publix is the largest Super Market Chain in Florida with friendly convivial service from wonderful employees. Unfortunately, when checking out each cash register ringer is forced to solicit each customer for donations to one of the Corporate Office's favorite charities of the day. I find it intimidating to be asked for a donation with several people standing behind me twitching uncomfortably as they are next inline to be panhandled in the same fashion. What smart remark should one make? After all, the holiday season of giving is over. The bell ringer for the Salvation Army is gone from the front door; Santa has returned to the North Pole; the food bank has shut down after the collection  for the holidays. Why the continued harangue for donations? I guess I'll shop at Whole Foods where I will find peace of mind without embarrasement. Tried another Publix with the same panhandling results.
