Visited here after we found Darwin's closed on Sunday. It was a good choice! Ordered the mussels. bone marrow, gnocchi, and duck crepes. Highly suggest the blue mule. It's a Moscow mile with a blueberry twist. The ice cubes were blueberry! Decent beer list. Baked brie was creamy and delicious. The mussels had a fantastic spicy green chili based sauce. Bone marrow was delicious with a buttery taste. Gnocchi was decent but not outstanding. All are tapas and reasonably priced. Next time we'll try the ran not and foie gras. Overall, a great dining experience. Service was attentive, We'll be back!
Ended up here because of some great reviews on yelp, but left disappointed. The food was just missing something. My husband and I shared multiple different yikes and I can't really rave about any of them. The sticky pork buns were definitely my favorite. We were the only people in the restaurant for about 75% of the time. I will say, we got there when it opened, so that may have been one of the reasons. However, when we left at 7:15, there was only one other table with guests. The service was great - our server was very personable and knew the menu well. The experience wasn't bad, it just wasn't great either. I'll be trying something else next time I'm in Sarasota.
I just ordered for pickup, so I really can't speak to the ambience of the place other than to say that it was clean and cozy with good music playing not too loudly. I ordered the Brie Cheese appetizer and the Tuna Avocado. It's not a ton of food, and at first I was thinking I should've ordered the burger - but it was tasty and filled me up! To be honest, I work nights downtown, and this was a place that was open at 1am that I had never tried before. It was pretty empty - there were only two customers sitting at the bar when I came in...but remember it was 1am. The food was good, and I would return again - preferably witht the wife and not on my lunch break.
Glad I found this place! I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible. Great food, small plates with an emphasis on QUALITY. I will surely return the next time I'm in the area. I'd love to try the rest of the menu :)
The food was fantastic , the drinks were wonderful. However, they should fix the Air conditioning in this building. I've been here twice and both times it's been pretty hot. They had the ceiling fans blowing on high to compensate for the lack of AC so your drink napkins and menus blow all over the place. This definitely took away from our experience. If the AC weren't such a big problem the atmosphere would be really great.
OMG! My family and I take an annual trip to Sarasota every summer. We have trouble finding good restaurants because I guess we're spoiled by the amazing cuisine in Miami. Anyway, after some extensive research, we walked into this place and were immediately hesitant because there was only one other table. Usually, this is not a good sign, but we decided to stick it out since we were all starving. We started off with some sake which is served in the cutest little glass on top of ice water so that the sake is always cold. On to the main attraction, the food! This dishes are tapas, so our server suggested we order a bunch of different ones and try them. We had the short ribs, the pork belly, the duck brie crepes, the spicy tuna and avocado and the mushroom strudel. Everything, and I mean everything was out of this world. So clearly made with intense culinary skill and creativity. Although they were all delicious, the two that I could eat every single day and never get tired of were the mushroom strudel and the pork belly. Oh my Jesus! Can't wait to go back just to try a bunch of other dishes. The service was amazing!
Quiet, dark, strangely empty, DELICIOUS.  The service is a little strange, open kitchen may work against them but damn they put out some unique and delicious food.  Pork Steamed buns were heaven in my mouth, spicy tuna and avocado was fresh, tasty and just the right amount of heat and the rabbit tacos...I just ordered and don't even know yet but based on everything else they will be great.  That's right food so good I yelped in the middle of my meal.  Oh ya and delicious cocktails.  My Manhattan(s) were great.  Eat here or miss out on great food.  The end.
I love meLange.  I first visited a few months ago as part of a large group for the Chefs Tour with wine pairing.  Each course was more delicious than the last.  My personal favorite dishes were the rabbit tacos and the ox tail, which was fall off the bone delicious.  The waitstaff was warm and informative explaining each dish and the wine pairings.  They even made sure to offer gluten free plates in each course for a celiac in the group. Completely impressed with Lan's skills I brought a few friends back to sample some of the small plates.  We had the ginger crab soup, duck brie crepes, spicy tuna and avocado, braised wild boar and of course the rabbit tacos.  The boar was incredible- Lan has a gift for braised meats.  I thought the price was completely reasonable- about $120 for 3 people including drinks. Finally, meLange and Pangea were the site of my recent wedding reception.  Brad and Lan handled every detail of my wedding as if I were family.  They were so professional and easy to work with in creating a menu and signature drinks that would please both the foodies and the non-adventurous eaters in my group.  They took into account my desire for locally sourced foods and the dietary issues of some guests (gluten allergies, non-drinkers, and vegetarians).  All of my guests raved about the food, the venue was perfect for an intimate reception, the staff was terrific, and Brad was the perfect party host to keep things moving smoothly.   I highly recommend meLange for a special night out, a casual dinner with interesting food or a special event.  They are small enough to care and willing to ensure that every meal is perfect.
Given all the fantastic reviews I was very much looking forward to sampling Chef Lan's creations.  We visited the rebranded restaurant the weekend it reopened after their week long vacation.  In a word, we were underwhelmed.  We tried 4 dishes, and found them all to be lacking refinement.   The concept of the large "small plates" seems a bit confused to me.  This is not Spanish style tapas, and the flavor profiles of the various dishes do not necessarily lend themselves to co-sampling.  We had a hard time figuring out which dishes might go well together, and found our choices OK, but definitely not outstanding (we tried the Duck Brie Crepes, the VC Sandwich, the Spicy Tuna & Avocado and the Beef Short Ribs). I was expecting this restaurant to be one of the culinary highlights of our vacation.  Sadly, it did not live up to our expectations.
What a great establishment!  I had such a lovely time and the menu is a lot of fun. I got to try some dishes that I haven't as of yet because I let the idea of it persuade me otherwise.  I thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered.   I love a restaurant where you can order small plates to share and take your time to enjoy them...and then order more!!   The cocktail menu was also rare and extravagant.  I haven't seen Shochu on a menu anywhere in the US.  #Excited. I can't wait to go back!
What a great place to have in Sarasota! I'm not sure what the "expensive" comment is about.  The bottom line in this universe is that if you want creatively-prepared cuisine in an upscale setting, you're going to have to pay more than, say, Chili's 2 for $20.   That being said, I think Lan represents a great value.  They offer a full menu of small plates, which the server will pace for you and serve in courses however you prefer.  Our server was relaxed and informative and steered us toward some seriously great dishes. There was one point when I finished the short rib that I wept softly into my napkin knowing that it was gone. The decor is unique, the staff is welcoming and the chef is talented-all at a reasonable price. What the hell else could you ask for?
I can't say enough good things about this place. I probably recommend Lan to more people than any other spot in Sarasota.  Everyone comes back with positive comments. Recently I sent an acquaintance who was looking for something downtown around 10pm.  Hip couple in their 60's with good taste.  They where a little stressed with a plane to catch in the AM.  Could not get over how good the food was and that Lan made them slow down and enjoy the experience.  Left feeling refreshed and nurtured. The atmosphere is very relaxed.  Ambient-down-tempo comes to mind. The staff is quite friendly and well informed.  They encourage a communal discourse that leads to very interesting conversations among the patrons.  It is hard to put a finger on but I have been there and everyone in the place gets involved in the same conversation about some random topic.  It's sort of  a lounge environment with great food. And the food is sooooo good.  Very eclectic mix but everything is well thought out and elegantly presented. I normally hit up Lan for late night eats with a pretty girl on my arm.  The late menu is scaled back but just excellent and available until midnight or later.  I like to pick about four or five things and let the staff choose the order of presentation.  Some recommendations: Veal Sweetbreads, Mushroom Strudel, Duck Brie Crepes (my fav and a must try), Unagi Pizza for desert.   Seriously good eats anytime and sure to impress.
Excellent. One of the few with a late night Menu. If you a foodie you will love the eclectic choices. I give it five stars but hard to find the first time.
Creative menu, wonderful flavors, high-level continental cuisine, attentive helpful service, all for a very reasonable price.  I had duck springrolls with a sweet apricot dip first, then ginger crab soup and osso bucco in a "lavender demi glace."  Each was very tasty and cooked perfectly.  For dessert I had a well executed creme brulee. The rest of the menu awaits for me.  I'm psyched.
A few weeks ago, I had the pleasure of being treated to an evening at Lan.  My hosts told me little about the place.  I assumed there'd be some sort of Asian flair based on the name of the restaurant but other than that I was only told to get ready for a delightful evening. We were welcomed into the restaurant by one of the owners & shown to our table.  The decor definitely gets your senses going ... dramatic use of different fabrics, abstract paintings, modern sculpture, subtle lighting and Asian accents intermingle in a good way.  There's plenty to look at without being overwhelmed. The owner introduced our server and we kicked off our adventure with some sake.  Being a sake noob, I had no clue what to order.  They make cocktails with sake (cosmos, lemondrop, etc etc) but I wanted to taste what sake itself was all about.  Our server brought me a sample of two sakes - one dry & one sweet - in a pair of very cool hand blown glass shot glasses that nestled in a matching glass tray.  Being a noob I didn't realize sake is wine rather than a liquor and once I discovered that I had a better idea of what I was drinking.  Although the sweet was good, I preferred the drier sake.  They have several different sakes available, as well as a nice selection of wine & beer. We didn't do the Prix Fixe, we ended up ordering a bunch of things so we could share.  We had a special salad that evening, Brie baked with herbs served with fruits & bread, escargot baked in mushroom caps w/ a truffle sauce, the ginger crab soup and a roasted pork pastry puff ... all of which were delicious.  The truffle sauce on the escargot was a very nice twist on the dish & the "pork puffs" were a big hit with their flakey "shell" and tender juicy pork inside.  We also sampled the most incredible mini-sandwiches made with fig, prosciutto & cheese ... so small - so full of flavor - just amazing! For entrees, there was a Hawaiian Sunfish, Kobe NY Strip, Pork Tenderloin stuffed with foie gras and seared ahi tuna over sobe noodles drizzled with a chile oil.  The meats were served at perfect temperature, the sunfish was flakey & moist and the tuna was fantastically fresh.  Presentation on everything was beautiful and exciting. After a little break, we ordered a bottle of sake and were tempted into trying the pear sorbet.  I can't remember the name of the sake we ordered, but it was the driest one they had, and I think I found the type of sake I enjoy most.  It was like champagne (Extra-Dry) without the bubbles and complimented the pear sorbet wonderfully. The food was exquisite, the surroundings intriguing, the service the entire night was "first class" ... I'll definitely be returning to Lan the next time I'm in the Sarasota area.
I have only been for the late night menu and the sake martinis.  The food offered late night is both delicious and original.  I have sampled most of the tapas.  My favorite has to be the mussels. But don't miss out on the rabbit tacos or the duck brie crepes.  They are to die for.   The martinis are amazing as well.  Where else can you get a lychee, passion-fruit, or chai sake martini?  The vibe is relaxed and sexy.  I forget I'm in Sarasota when I am there.  It is definitely something you would find in Miami or New York.  The staff is uber-attentive and professional as well.  I wish there were more places like this in town.
Atmosphere is lacking (not very busy) but this is a nice spot to eat and the small dishes are a welcome change ... it's nice to be able to choose 3 or 4 items from the menu to share and try a number of different dishes. Everything we chose was interesting, well presented and tasty. We were a bit disappointed that fish dishes were lacking (as pescatarians this left us with few choices) and we'd like to see them sourcing organic and local ingredients (quite why you have to ship in pork from Texas we don't know - there are a number of good, local farms where pork and beef can be sourced)... No excuse at all for the lack of fish dishes - this is Florida! ;-) We'd consider coming back, but wouldn't rush to... we'd be back every week if there was more fish on the menu and the ingredients were organic and locally sourced... The bar next door (Pangea) is under the same ownership and is great... outstanding cocktails!
1 star for service and 1 star for atmosphere. I do not get why everyone is blown away by the subpar food at melange. This restaurant came highly recommended by yelpers and locals alike, and I had no reason to doubt their enthusiasm upon entering this posh, sleek, and inviting dining space that was staffed with attentive and knowledgeable servers. The food, however, was a colossal let-down. We started with bacon corn fritters and duck spring rolls that were overly salted, overly fried and had a distinct taste of overused grease! Both plates were reminiscent of bad bar food. The second course was somewhat better: spicy tuna and lamb. The lamb was cooked well, delightfully fatty, and charred. The tuna was refreshing, but could have used less of its cream-based sauce which overpowered a possibly delicious mound of fish.  We proceeded further with the cheeseburgers, mussels, and short ribs. I've made better sliders at home, and I've had better sliders at Chili's (take what you want from this...). The mussels for the most part seemed sweet and fresh until halfway into them when I ate an overcooked, fishy, and chalky piece. The broth brought out little flavor to be enjoyed. The short rib was by far the biggest disappointment of the night: overcooked, dry, and almost stale with a bitter, unpleasant Char Siu sauce that made us question whether the chefs bother to taste the food they are preparing before it goes out to the dining floor. This was the biggest culinary let down I have ever experienced. Don't buy into the hype!
I've been accused of being a shill for this place from a disgruntled person who will go nameless but when you have some of the best meals of your life, time after time, how can you not sing their praises?  I am not a shill, I just enjoy good creative food and Lan is the place to get it in Sarasota.   The other week we went and had the chef's tour with the paired wines.  Once again, it was amazing.  How can Lan create such amazing things time after time?  I don't know but she is a bit of a genius that is for sure!  The chef's tour is a tasting menu that really speaks to me.  One feature I really love is the fact I have no idea of what i'm going to have when I order this, other than I know it will be creative, tasty, and executed with high skill.  We joke about trying to guess the next course when the waiter brings out the next set of silver ware.  Not only was the food excellent this time (as always), but the flavors of some of the dishes reminded me of other times and other places in a way only excellently prepared food and experiences can do.  I've pretty much only have the tour when I come to Lan, and each time it is a set of new flavors and combinations.  Occasionally there is an old friend, that visits from other times on the tour but the creativity of new things always blows my mind.  I think she should patent the latest version of her sweat breads and I still dream of the three onion soup, which I hope to see again in the fall.   I admit the Chef's tour is a bit of a treat, but save your pennies, pack your lunch, and treat yourself to it.  Remember to make reservations for the tour and take it.  The regular menu is excellent as well, but the sense of adventure and surprise that comes with the tasting menu is a must.  Especially if you are a bit jaded or just love creative food that pushes your limits.   They are planing a name change and some menu changes when they come back from vacation, but don't let that slow you dow from visiting.
Delicious duck crepes, spicy tuna, and Brie bruschetta!!  I can't wait to come back  here.
In search of something creative and different, decided to try out Lan for dinner on a recent trip to Sarasota.   We were a bit put off by a fairly empty dining room at 7pm on a Saturday, but given it's not the height of tourist season and since Lan is a block or two away from the busier part of Main Street, we decided to give it a try and I'm glad we did! The dining room is tastefully and colorfully decorated, providing a unique atmosphere. Lan offers a 3 course prix-fixe menu, with small supplements for specific dishes - a fairly good value given the quality of the preparation. Entrees are $25 and appetizers are $9 if ordering ala carte.  Service was attentive and personable without being pretentious or overbearing, our server was very generous with answering questions on the preparation of different dishes and making recommendations. The real highlight though is the food - following two small amuse bouche courses (cracker with porcini spread, and some shitake mushroom with duck), we  started off with the ginger crab soup, which is a ginger crab broth poured tableside atop fried soft shell crab.  Now, I am a big fan of ginger, but this soup was one of the best (and most creative) I have tasted without being too creamy or overpowering.  Additional minced ginger was provided on the side for those (like me) who wanted to add an additional "kick". For mains, we tried the slow cooked duck leg and rack of lamb.  The duck was "fall off the bone" moist, with flavorful sides and colorful preparation.   The rack of lamb also came out well, but it's a simpler dish so wasn't as interesting as the duck, although the accompanying taro stilton croquette was delicious and creative.   For dessert, we tried the lavender creme brulee and the bread pudding.  Creative and nicely done, but the appetizers and entrees were the highlights. If you are in the mood for good creative food (with enough variety to please most tastes), Lan is definitely worth checking out.   The value of the prix fixe is excellent and you don't compromise quality.
First trip to Melange, the new concept by Lan Bradeen on Main Street. It's REALLY easy to miss--in fact, I never saw the signage for it.  The exterior is a bit barren, and the frosted glass windows don't give you a hint of what's inside.  Though after you ARE inside, and people park in front of the restaurant with their brights on, you are glad the windows are masked! Her food is still quite good, full of flavor.  This "small plate" concept here is more like half entrees or generous apps  - the wild boar was lean and meaty, with a savory brown sauce, served with broccoli rabe and crisp roasted potatoes.  We tried a variety and shared - ordering 1 plate, per person, shared, was a perfect light meal.  Good wine selection, overall moderately priced - a good value.   Service was well informed, pleasant, and responsive.  All the servers that "teamed" on our table were good, not a bad attitude in the group.   Only big disappointment was the décor.  The old décor felt a bit disco 80s, but the new, with grey walls, some pastiche of also-grey sawed 2x4s lined up - black barely padded chairs, bright white tables....dreary.  Some lighting design and some color or artwork would really brighten this up.  It felt depressing.   Would come back for the food and service, both quite good--but would not bring guests--the décor is just not  up to par.
The Best Asian fusion we've ever tasted!  The duck brie crêpes were excellent.  The pork belly was outstanding.  The rabbit taco was scrumptious.  Highly recommended!
stopped here during our progressive dinner, had the short rib, which was extremely tender and still pink inside (smoked?), quite tasty. we also got the mushroom streusel, which the flavors were divine and worked well with the tomato sauce it sat on top of. you've got to check this place out!!!
Super friendly waitstaff and cool ambiance, but the food is way, way too expensive! It is one of the only restaurants in the area serving food late night, though. So if you want to eat late, you have to pay for it. But I can't recommend this restaurant because it's just too expensive for what it's worth. Try elsewhere.
I liked the atmosphere very romantic and dark perfect for a great conversation after most restaurants in downtown sarasota had closed up for the night. The bread and olive dip was the best thing on the menu really good. I tried the foie gras and hated every minute  of it. It was rather too runny and did not do well with me and I gave it to the boyfriend he thought it was really good and the pork tenderloin was not so good either.  Go for the bread and olive stuff then go somewhere else and these portions are really small and not really satisfying for the money.
