Bring your appetite! After a disappointing trip to Sarasota, we checked out of our hotel and decided to eat a nice brunch.  I struck out with the previous days brunch and dinner.  Riding on low momentum, I decided to filter Yelp offerings by location.   Upon searching, I came across "Made" and decided to do more research on the restaurant.  We arrived at 11am and were promptly attended and sat down.  The décor was great, had a nice feel to it and reminded me of a Las Olas Riverfront location.  After sitting down, the menu took some time to dissect.  I was disappointed to find out upon sitting down that Sarasota still has an archaic "blue law" in effect and liquor would not be served until after 12pm.  Wow, talk about separation of Church and State, but c'mon.  This isn't 1920 and most Southern Bible swingers have moved north to Central Florida, where the South ends!  On to the selections. I did not know what to order.  I was overwhelmed with choices and defaulted to several dishes since I was a party of 3.  I chose the Pork on Pork on Pork Benedict. This dish intrigued me because I am a pork fanatic.  And boy did this hit the spot!  The Benedict had an English muffin acting as the foundation to the chimichurri sauce, maple glazed thick cut bacon, shredded pork shoulder and a poached egg crowning the masterpiece.  All flavors meshed well, causing my glands to salivate like a hungry caveman.  The shredded shoulder was hearty, however the chimichurri chipotle hollandaise was a bit on the spicy side.  This could have been countered with an avocado-based hollandaise and mojo marinated pork, but I digress.  It was excellent nonetheless.  The dish was ordered with a side of grits and the cheese grits really stood out as a great add-on.  I would like to note that this was probably the best grits I have had.   My wife decided to go with Huevos Rancheros,  and must say that they should have reclassified the offering.  Not to say it was bad, or faar from it, however it was unlike any "Ranchero" I have seen or tasted.  It should have been classified under the "Benedict" section as this was a true standout dish.  This Benedicto Mexicano, (what it should have been called) was the best thing I have tried for breakfast in a loong time.  The crispy round tortilla gave the impression of an Englsih muffin, hence the "Benedict" distinction.  Fried tortilla rounds should be Mexico's answer to the  muffin and it worked great here.  Goat cheese guacamole sat atop the tortilla along with a fried egg.  This combination was to die for.   You can literally pick up the tortilla round and eat it like a mini pizza to savor the whole dish.  Breaking it apart with a fork bastardizes the experience.   My daughter went for the French Toast and this really solidified our offerings as the grand finale.  I love the fact that she couldnt eat all 6 slices because I was ready for it as a dessert. The french toast came on a toasted brioche sliced bread, with caramalized bananas and a nutella drizzle.  OMG!  The real killer was the optional peanut butter maple.  Once again, peanut butter maple syrup!  Greatest pairing for french toast this side of the Western world.  The syrup, when fused with the nutella and the banana really upted the ante on this dish. Upon first bite, I sat there for about a minute and a half looking dazed.  I kept it in my mouth until it dissolved into liquid heaven.  Do yourself a favor, please order this for the table and share as a dessert.  You will not be disappointed.   After chomatosing, the waitress came by and informed me that it was 12pm and liquor can now be served.  I denied this request as I was too full to do anything but lie in stat and liquor would have put me to bed.  I had a 3 hour drive to accomplish and needed time to reflect this meal.  She then brought the check, which was brought in an envelope stamped "the damage".  Nice touch.  I paid and then left in awe.  Too bad I didnt have this the day prior, but glad it wrapped up the weekend.
Husband and I ventured here for brunch based solely on a picture of their bloody mary.  Got there kind of late on a football Sunday. Was quiet but not dead.  Sat at the bar...Kat was attentive and the bloody mary lived up to my husband's expectations plus some.    I had the Son of a Peach...love jalapeño tequila and it was nicely paired with the peach.   Ordered huevos rancheros...different and fab.   Kat was warm, friendly and and asset to this place. All in all we'll be back.   Would give five stars but one of the owners stood at the bar "holding court" like a douche.  A John Taffer nightmare.
Second time back. This time for a birthday party.  I cant say enough about the food. Fresh and unique. Favors are always a delight.  The dishes we all love done in a way you haven't seen before.   Going to check out their prix-fixe 3 course menu that next time I'm looking for a great relaxing early dinner with friends or before a movie.
What a dissapointment. We went looking for an interesting twist on new American food and left feeling like we just ate at TGI Fridays. If greasy food is your thing, you'll love it here. If you're looking for something nicer than your run of the mill Applebee's you'll be dissapointed. They have an inside section and outside that are both pretty nice to look at. The outside is nicely shaded and surprisingly not full of bugs, so we decided to eat outside. Also, the service which was friendly enough was SO slow. It took almost 2 hours to get our food. The manager apologized and gave us a round of free drinks, but I would have rather had an honest estimate of timing so that we could have left and tried something else. The drinks were tasty enough although extremely full of sweet simple syrup. Too much of a good thing makes it intolerable. I had the meatloaf and mac and cheese, 2 of the supposed favorites from the menu, while they were certainly adequate,  they were nothing worth returning for. The rest of the party felt the same about the fried chicken. the small size of the scallops were comical. We will not be returning.
Atmosphere was good. Love the bar! Our server, Heidi was fantastic and Mark the chef/owner was great. The food was amazing. Grilled Caesar salad was tasty, salmon was delicious, the vegetable purée was surprising and yummy. My uncle said his swordfish was the best he's ever had. Desserts also brought the house down. Our table tried banana pudding crime brûlée, strawberry shortcake & peanut butter pie. All winners. Would highly recommend and would return!!
Hard to find good food in west central Florida but the brunch here was delicious. Tasty bacon, really yummy chorizo breakfast tacos and 'little Debbie' biscuits and gravy. My favorite was the tomato and avocado Benedict with bernaise. Delicious.
Loved the duck empanadas and the tater tots!  Also had the lamb chops and they were very tasty but I didn't care too much for the dried cherry red wine glaze.  My husband had the scallops were were very good, but a little on the small side.  I loved my MADE martini with Farmer's Botanical Small Batch Gin.  Very nice, cool atmosphere.  Nice outside dining too.
Great vibe great staff great drinks!  Would be 5 stars IF the owner would stop standing next to the 8x10 headshot of himself at the bar.  Yes the owner has a portrait of himself.  Kind of like the Ayatollah, if the Ayatollah were a toolbox.
Another moan worthy meal at Made, glad we sat away from people because I was a bit vocal about each bite! I got the BLFT this time ... Seriously?! I just couldn't believe how AH-MAZE-ING it is? Our bartender took the time out to explain about the smoked tomato mayo that is made (yes, I know about the pun, ) in house ... He also discussed the philly cheese steak process and the steak & eggs... He knows his menu and is proud and I can't wait to return to try his suggestions. Did I also mention the chef came out and checked on our meal? I really wanted to jump over the bar and hug him ... This place makes my foodie soul sing!
This place is really really cool. They have a great atmosphere and the food selection is different and really good. It is however, extremely heavy food, but nonetheless very very delicious. I will definitely be coming back here again!
I hosted a party at Made about a month ago. Management was so friendly and easy to work with. Service was great, food was fresh and delicious. They let me deliver the cake earlier and were so accommodating. Drinks were great! A chill vibe where younger and older people can enjoy themselves here and are able to 'communicate' despite the music in the background. :) Definitely a great experience!
Love love loooove!!! The huckleberry vodka mule was super refreshing and delicious! Tuna tartare...really fresh and a nice combination of flavors. The made burger is one of the best things I've ever eaten. I'm pretty sure there were 3 different kinds of meat on there and it came with a freshly made chipotle ketchup and malt vinegar mayo....and cheesy tots. Giant, oooeeyy gooooeeyy delicious potato cheese balls, breaded and fried. It's one of those meals that you think about and drool a little. The restaurant itself is funky modern inside. The happy hour drinks are pretty cheap and the bartender gave people at the bar little tapas side quesadilla. Service was superb. Overall, fantastic place downtown!!
Good cocktails and tasty food. They have some unique menu items. The space itself is sort of off. The bar area is nice as well as the outside dining area. But there's an area near the kitchen and restroom (yes only one) behind a half-wall that just lacks ambiance. Really kills the experience.
Delicious but small portions. A bit overpriced in my opinion but it's got a great location. I'd go back if I didn't want pizza before my movie. Had the meatloaf and as other reviews have said it's very different from any other meatloaf you may have tried. Boyfriend got the salmon and was satisfied. We didn't leave hungry however I feel we could have eaten comparable food across the street for half the price if we were in the mood for Italian.
2 stars from me, 4 stars from my hubby.  Averaging to 3.   I was very underwhelmed by our first visit to 'Made', during 'Savor Sarasota' Restaurant Week.  Hubby, quickly deducing that ordering "à la carte" was actually a better value than going with the Savor Sarasota "deal" (what's up with THAT?), went for the "Mack"-N-Cheese followed by the meatloaf.  He enjoyed them both greatly. I stuck with the "Price Fixed Menu".  My starter, Empanadas (or rather, "Empanada" cut into two pieces, if I'm to be pedantic), was quite dry and didn't deliver on the exciting flavors one would expect, given the description (Crispy duck confit, sweet potato, roasted vegetables).  The accompanying cherry chimichurri WAS very tasty.  Could have used more of it...  My Salmon main was very flavorful, if slightly under-cooked in parts. Then came dessert.  My Deep Dish Apple Pie Ala Mode arrived 'ala mode-less'.  Upon questioning the waitress, she admitted that they had run out of ice-cream the night before, and perhaps that's why the kitchen didn't include it with my dessert.   Indeed, a quick check with the kitchen confirmed that indeed, they were still out of ice-cream.  Well huh.  Poor planning by the kitchen, definitely poor management of customer expectations...  I got a very sincere apology, but no more than that.   Side Note to restaurant owners:  Customers leaving a restaurant feeling like they have been short changed is NEVER a good thing.  Yeah, its just a measly scoop of ice-cream.  Still, it was supposed to be on my dessert and I expected and wanted it there.  Let me know you're out of something when I order or offer me an alternative.  Failing that,  comp me something.     To my mind, 'Savor Sarasota' is a great way for restaurants to reach out to year-long residents.  By offering a  value-priced sampling of the best their restaurant has to offer, there is the potential of forming (lasting) relationships with new customers .  If this is the best 'Made' has to offer, I will be passing on a return visit.
This is a restaurant fit for foodies - but not a hungry one. You can take a look at the Delicious details of each entree and know that you are in for a treat.  But be careful which entree you order or you will leave hungry. I ordered the seared scallops entree. Though it was good I can't give my culinary experience with this entree 5 stars because you really are not getting much for this $19 entree. Basically the entree is ~6 medium sized scallops in a corn chowder sauce. That's it! No vegetable accompaniment, no salad, nada!  It is just not enough to constitute an entree much less fill someone up. Im 5'2" and weigh 110lbs and if *I* am hungry after this meal to the extent i beg my boyfriend to take me for a slice of pizza at Patelini's, then i dont know who this would be enough for. There really needed to be something else besides 6 scallops floating in corn chowder. The scallops were not big either. I get some of the biggest tastiest scallops from Detweiler's (awesome local farmers market in SRQ) and the one served here were no where near that size. Again, not much value here, so I have to deduct points for that. My boyfriend ordered the meatloaf and he gave this place a 5 star review. So the lesson is either come prepared to order both an appetizer and entree or be prepared to go for a pizza run afterwards! The other reason my experience was not 5 stars is how long we had to wait for our food. It was a THURSDAY night and the restaurant was mostly empty. We waited at least 20 mins for our food and no one offered bread or anything while we waited and waited. If it was a high-volume Saturday night, I would cut some slack, but  slow food service on a Thursday? Get. It. together. The setting is artsy. part of the dining room is like you're sitting in a modern art gallery. There is a small bar area in front of that. They do have some outdoor tables that you see as you make your way to the front door. A trendy-casual spot to eat.
Wow! Somebody actually knows how to run a restaurant! I called before they opened for a reservation, and they called me back to confirm. Waitress was friendly, knowledgable, and attentive.  My wife had a salad and onion soup. Very good. The soup had a deep, almost smokey flavor. I had the salmon. Excellent. Done to order, or perhaps a bit on the rare side of my medium request. Rich, delicious glaze crust  on the fish. Side order of roast brussel sprouts was fantastic. We shared the banana creme brûlée for dessert which we both thought was a little too sweet. Oh well, that's the fifth star...can't complain. And, the owner actually called me the next day to ask if we enjoyed dinner and thank us for coming. We eat out a lot and this is the first time that ever happened. Simple. Brilliant.  We now have a new addition to the A list in Sarasota.
It's 5 stars.  I want to take points off for the service, which left a little to be desired, but I can't deduct an entire star for it.  Maybe a 1/2 star, but then I would still have to round up, so 5 stars it is. Came here on a Thursday night with my girlfriend and my mom.  Not busy, got sat right away.  They have a fantastic looking menu and delicious sounding drinks and specialty cocktails.  We tried to come on 2 other occasions, only to discover they were closed, so we finally got to try it out. I had the Meatloaf with roasted red peppers.  Now, before you say anything about getting meatloaf, this is meatloaf made with bacon, brisket, duck and ground beef.  I am not a fan of meatloaf - something about it always bothered me.  But this - this was amazing.  It was truly the best meatloaf you could ever have, ever.  EVER.  No, seriously, no offense to your mother or grandmother - I'm sure their meatloaf recipe is fine - but they should give up and stop and just make you a PB&J sandwich with the crusts cut off or something because they cannot top this meatloaf. And really, that's all there is to say.  We all really enjoyed our meals.  I think I may have liked mine the best, but that's to be expected when their meatloaf recipe would send your mamma running home crying to her mamma for handing down an inferior meatloaf recipe.  In your face grandma (not mine though - she never made meatloaf). So, the service.  Well, firstly, he didn't answer the questions that were asked.  For example, we asked which of two dishes were better, and he just provided the description of the dishes from the menu.  Didn't offer a recommendation or try to explain the differences in tastes.  Additionally, our meals took way way way too long.  Probably close to 20 minutes, maybe even 25.  Empty restaurants (there were one or two other tables) should not take that long to make pretty simple dishes. But again, it wasn't so bad as to cause a lost star.  Kinda wish I still lived in Sarasota so I could come back here more often then I'll be able to.  Oh well, hope my mom liked it as much as I did, because I'm probably going to force her to eat there again if she wants to have dinner with me again.
We only ordered food to go so I don't know if I have earned my right to review but I had such a good to-go experience that I still think it is worth sharing! Even when I called the woman who answered the phone was delightful, helpful and got the order accurate...which says a lot these days.  Upon arrival I quickly realized what I was missing by only ordering food to go.  The atmosphere was chic and modern and sexy.  I wish we were eating in!!  Anyway... I love the fact that our order for three ladies consisted of 3 burgers, stuffed tator tots and bacon brussel sprouts.  We were ready to chow down.  We didn't just get the "regular" burger...we got the "made" burger which had all types of fun stuff on it...fried green tomatoes, sauteed onions, some type of heavenly sauce, pepperjack cheese, etc.  IT. WAS. AWESOME.  How often is food really that good to go?  Well, this was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten.  It was so juicy, the roll was nice and firm, the flavors were blending well for an overall excellent burger.  The cheese melted into the beef and every bite was better than the last.  LOVED this burger.  I crave this burger.  I am willing to drive back down to FL for this burger.  I was sad when I approached the last bite of my burger.  I looked around for crumbs but had nothing.  I tried to savor every bite but couldn't help but to inhale the sucker.   The cheesy tator tots were amazing as well.  They are the kind of treat that make you groan as you eat it.  It was basically a big cheesey, spicy, potatoey ball.  It was crispy and warm and unique.  Dip it in their special sauce and you have a full blown foodgasm.  Off the charts!!! The brussel sprouts were a little bland. Great experience...wish I dined in but was just as satisfied ordering to go.  Love this place.
Absolutely the best place to dine in Sarasota! Mark (Owner/chef) works his tail off and really knows his stuff. The service is excellent. I recommend the roasted corn dip. It's so darn good I eat it straight with a spoon. The brunch on Sundays is fantastic and I chose to spend my birthday there with family from South Africa. They were truly impressed over the other places in town. The bartender is a pro! Great drink selection. You will NOT be disappointed!! Two big thumbs way way up! My favorite place now!
Great twist on some normal comfort foods! Great spices and combinations of food. We took the whole family out and it was a fun environment. Service was stellar! Great food for a medium range of price.
Came in expecting good did, came out with something amazing!!! Mac and cheese is heavenly and I can understand why the their scallop dish was award winning. The apple pie was just perfect, not to sweet, not to heavy. Sasha our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful when it came to the menu. My dad and I went on a rainy friday night around 8. Wasn't too busy, with a relaxed atmosphere. Would definitely recommend Made for anyone in the Sarasota area
I was rather excited to see a new restaurant in the area but only recently had the time to sit down for a bite. I had looked at the menu several times and knew that there were several items that I wanted to try. We finally had some time to sit down and decided to try out Made. It always smelled good and the food looked pretty from afar. We decided to sit on the patio since it was a cool day out. When our server finally arrived, I ordered: Onion soup Ribs Burger (medium rare) with cheese With my excitement over trying a new place waning, the reality of the situation began to settle in. The establishment was empty and our server no where in site nor was he bringing out our drinks. Another table was seated in the patio area and our server materialized to greet them and then again disappeared. It was quite some time before the server returned to our table with our drinks, the onion soup, and the ribs. I decided to move forward since we had some food at this point and went for the soup. The onion soup did not have bad flavor, in fact, it didn't have much flavor at all. I was perplexed at how something that is so easy to make could be so flavorless. I moved on to the ribs and was greeted by the same thought: flavorless. The only benefit of the soup over the ribs was that the soup wasn't tough. I finished my portion of the appetizers and then waited for the burger. It eventually arrived sometime later and smelled good. As I took the bun off to look at the patty I was a but shocked to see what appeared to be a briquette on the bun. I cut the burger in half and realized that the burger was not medium rare; it was extra well done. I was still rather hungry and so decided to eat half, but couldn't even finish that much. It was too dry to swallow. My glass was empty somewhere in between the ribs and the burger and the server said that he would return with more beverage, but the additional drink never materialized. My mouth was so dry after everything and I was just ready to leave. I do not understand how they are still open. I won't return.
Edit: I want to edit this review.  The day I posted it, the owner/manager reached out to me personally. He apologized for our experience and wished to make it up to our group.  Unfortunately, since several members of our group that night are from out of town, we have not been able to take him up on his very kind and generous offer as of yet. I do want to say that him reaching out to make it right means the world to all of us. That is the type of response one receive's from a top-notch and class-act restaurant. So, thank you. We will be in again. Original Review: This review only deals with service.  If I were rating the food itself, it would be a 5 Star review every time, because the food is FANTASTIC.   This past Saturday, a group of us went to Made for my fiance's birthday.  We had been there previously and had enjoyed it very much, which is why we suggested it for the celebration this time.   Our waiter started on a good note, drinks came out quickly.  He was friendly and smiled.   After the appetizers arrived and and second round of drinks came out, our waiter disappeared.  About 35 minutes later, he showed back up to say our food would be out soon.  (At this point, the restaurant was clearing out.)  20 minutes later, our food was finally delivered.  But not all of it.  He had completely missed entering 2 entrees.  One was on his order pad, he just hadn't told the kitchen.  He offered to put in an appetizer order for them, but my guest declined.  The other he had never written down and tried to argue with the woman that she didn't order it.  So, in the end, we shared our food.  Someone was brought soup, with no spoon.  Thankfully, another waiter (with a great beard who we had had before and is amazing) was nearby.  We were able to flag him down since our server was nowhere in sight again, and he brought us a spoon.  Our reservation was 7pm, and it was now 8:40 when we were beginning to eat our main courses. At the end of the meal, our checks came.  Mine was wrong.  Overcharged on drinks.  It was fixed with no issue.  When we got our cards back, the server thanked us for coming, asked us to come back, and said he had enjoyed serving us and hoped we had enjoyed our fun evening with them.     At no point did any management come over to apologize for the lack of entrees or the wait.  The server barely did and glossed over it all at the end like a fun time was had by all.  I've never waited that long for entrees for 5 people at any restaurant, not even the most expensive.   We will be back.  I'm not so sure the first timers in our group will be as forgiving.  But we will be requesting another server if we're seated with him again. A great restaurant depends on great food and great service.  On Saturday, they got it half right.
We stopped in MADE on Saturday evening around 9:15, one bartender was holding down the fort. The two of us grabbed a seat at the bar and sat. And sat. And then sat some more, borrowed a cocktail list from our neighbors to check out. I'm a firm believer in saying howdy and handing a menu over with the promise of attention. When the bartender was able to address us, I asked for menus and water while we chose a cocktail. We were told after he made drinks for 5 guys at the end of the bar he could grab us some water. Bummer. After a few more minutes of waiting we decided to head down the street. Adding another bartender on a Saturday night would be a easy solution and would have made our experience friendlier.
Holy Cheesy Tater Tot! Don't come to Made if you have any intentions of caloric restriction. Made offers comfort food with a twist, done very well. I appreciate that their vegetables  are fresh and good quality; they help to offset the richness of the main courses. Service is excellent and informed, cocktail specials M-F make for affordable after work imbibing.
Really cool place, very creative menu, the fried chicken is one of the best I have ever had, everyone was literally like king their respective plates . . . We will be back next time we are in town for sure
Maybe the best casual dining food we've had in Sarasota. We tried both of the chicken dishes; double dipped and the airline, loved it. Veggie sides were delicious. My 13 year old daughter finished a whole half a fried chicken. Pulled grouper sandwich was delicious. We tried the corn dog appetizers all 4 of us loved them. Homemade lemonade yummy. Dropped in based on Yelp and really glad we did. They serve late so you can see a movie at Hollywood 20 and walk across the street for a bite. Free parking around the corner. Staff friendly and attentive on a busy night.
They have been open for a few months now, and they keep getting better! The brunch is the best in town! They have expanded their menu! Added special events and pricing specials! Yet, their food quality has not dropped one bit.... Great Sarasota Restaurant! If you want great food at reasonable prices, then you should go to Made!
I guess I have to be the dissenting opinion here.  My wife and 2 kids stopped in for a lunch the other day.  First of all if this place is going to make it in Sarasota for lunch they need to speed up the service.  It took us over an 1 and 15 mins to have lunch.  That's not going to fly in downtown.  Service was slow and the kitchen even slower. Had the bacon wrapped corndogs for an app.  The hotdog flavor overwhelmed the entire bite.  Could not even really taste the bacon.  Not bad, just nothing new. For our main dish my wife has the salad with pulled pork and a "deviled egg" on top.  It was not a deviled egg but a fried egg.  OK, no biggie.  The pulled pork was not very flavorful and overall the salad was sub par. My son had the spare-rib sliders.  The meat was flavorful and tender.  The roll were store bought however.  Had they been homemade the dish would have been much better.  He ordered the "tots".  He assumed they'd be your standard tater-tots.  They were large (about the size of a small egg) and where a crispy shell of fried potatoes surrounding a mixture of mashed potatoes and cheese.  The ratio is way off.  had they been bite sized they would have been pretty good.  But there is far too much filling to crispy shell ratio.   But here's the more important issue.   My son is lactose intolerant.  Nothing on the menu or told to us by the server let us know it had cheese.  So after a quick run back to the car to grab some pills for him I could continue my lunch. I had the Duck Club.  I was expecting nice slices of crispy duck.  What came out was shredded duck that was rather greasy.  The entire sandwich was dripping with grease and oil.  I too had the "tots" and found they were much more edible covered in hot sauce.   Overall it's a great concept and idea.  But it's bad execution.   It's not a bad place per se.  But it's nothing special and I see no reason to go back unless they make some changes.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because it took a long time to get the food... but oh boy was it worth it. Had broccoli and cheese soup and goat cheese stuffed chicken. Ridiculously good and VERY much worth the price. If you come to Sarasota don't pass this place by
After watching Buddha Belly donuts and Brasserie Belge come and go, I was hoping that a nice place would fill the void, and I'm so very pleased to report that Made is AWESOME. The decor is contemporary and hip, and the staff is friendly and new, but knowledgeable.   We stopped in for lunch today, and while the soda has the city-water taste to it that every place on Main St. is cursed with, the food was a home run.  I got the duck club, which was a reasonable $13, that comes stacked with bacon, lettuce, tomato, cheese, mayo, and of course duck, with cheesy tots on the side.   Phenomenal. My lunch mate got the chicken sandwich, which was also great, served with a mango blueberry melange.  The presentation is excellent, and overall the dining is sophisticated without being pretentious.  I regret now not trying the bisque, or the soup-of-the-day loaded potato, because my opinion of a place is made or broken by how they do bisques and other cream-based soups.  I will update my review if I am disappointed, but I have a sneaking suspicion I won't be. I'm probably a swine for saying so, but I'd much rather eat here than Eat Here.  It's a great deal, great food, great atmosphere, and the package is something that this part of Main street was sorely missing.  We will DEFINITELY be back, and I hope you will check it out.  This is definitely going to be a go-to lunch spot if they keep it up! Update 4/11/13:  I tried the Tomato Bisque, and it is great!  Tastes like a cream base, no unnecessary thickening with starch, and it's daringly spicy.  I was a little disappointed with what I saw in a chicken caesar, and I'm hoping that was a fluke.  Also, my duck club the second time was not as awesome as the first, a little less fresh and exciting, but I'm still recommending M.A.D.E. to everybody, check out the happy hour specials!  I got a little appetizer plate to go with my $4 well drinks, a great deal for Main St. Update 6/30/13:  A bit of a bummer update, after 4 months the service is still remarkably slow, and some of the items on the menu (chicken caesar, I'm looking at you) are kind of a bummer.  Upon reflection I still recommend Made, it's just not for everyone, a qualified "yes," which is in itself kind of a bummer.
Went here with a party of ten on NYE and everyone enjoyed their meals.  For me personally, I ordered something I never get at nice restaurants but the waiter sold me in their buttermilk fried chicken dish....and I can't stop thinking about.  It wasn't just great for fried chicken, it was one of the better meals I've had out in a long time.  Also tried the scallops and those were done perfectly.  Ordered the corn risotto as well and couldn't get enough.  Drinks were really good, had a cucumber vodka drink that was really good.  Meals were adequately priced, drinks were pricey but I think $9 a drink seems to more common than not downtown now.  Wait staff was awesome....can't wait for my next visit, the whole menu looked good.
We got the Mac n'cheese appetizer, Made burger with tots and the fried chicken. The Mac was yummy, very rich. The burger was good but if I had it to do over I would have gotten it with veggies as the tots were overly cheesy and didn't have much potato in them. If the potatoes in the tots were increased to at least a 50/50 ratio they'd be tastier. The fried chicken was pretty good but the batter sort of fell off and left floppy chicken skin underneath, maybe removing the skin would help that. We would come back but would order some lighter items to go along with the rich items. Server was great, wonderful personality (Joseph).
Been here a few times this place has the best chicken pesto Mac and cheeze!  I get it Every time I go in!
This is our go-to place when we have visitors, because it has a chic yet cozy interior  and the food options fit a range of tastes and budgets. It also is one of the few places in Sarasota that attracts a young (for here that means under 40) crowd. The menu items offer an inventive twist on American comfort food. For example, the Made Burger is a traditional burger topped with barbacoa. I also enjoy the Cluck Sandwich, which is a chicken sandwich combined with a mix of spices that give it a kick. They also have a good happy hour ($4 wells; $3 Yuenglings). For the people that complained about the service, I would give it another shot. The service was bad the first time we went shortly after Made opened, but we've been back about 10 times since and it has been wonderful each time. They do offer covered outside seating, but it's kind of plain out there-particularly at night under the spot lights. Made is probably overlooked because of its location at the southwest corner of Main Street and 301. But there is a free public surface lot at the intersection's northeast corner, and street and garage parking are within a block away. It's definitely worth the little effort to try it out.
This place is quite good.  I had the BLFT, was excellent.  My wife had the pulled grouper bbc sandwich, equally as good. Great atmosphere, very clean.  Like Outkast said, so fresh and so clean.  Great change for Sarasota, nice to see a lot of young people.
Impressive restaurant. Creative menu, well made food and enthusiastic service. Recommended by me would be the muscles and the meatloaf.
Due to the location on the corner I havent heard many people that have visited this location. Though most dont know that you can park in the garage around the corner off Ringling and take the elevator down for easy access! Of the things that I have heard about Made one of the rave reviews was for the burger. I dont mess with burgers when eating out much because I fear that I could miss out on something amazing for a mere burger. Then again everyone is always on the search for the perfect burger so I thought I should seize the moment and kick it off with something simple. I didnt just go for any burger I figured there was no other option than the flagship "Made Burger".  To make a long story short they FRIGGIN' NAILED IT! Imagine the perfect burger, with the perfect about of pork barbacoa, peppers, onions, and pepper jack cheese. Now place that on top of a fried green tomato inside of a buttery toasted bun (please note that the bun was toasted on the outside instead of the inside). This caused the sweet salty and buttery flavors to hit the tongue and then become followed up by the savory fillings. I had to finish this burger with a fork and knife in disbelief. Not because I was a sloppy mess but because I had to dissect it and taste everything layer by layer just to ensure that this was real. It was! Im ending this review on that note. I will pass up talking about my new found love for their malt mayo that came with the tots. I hate mayo and avoid most dishes that use mayo but I quit caring soon after one bite. Don't sleep on MADE!
Lunch meeting here was great. Associate had soup of the day, said it was killer! Said his Philly cheesesteak was awesome! Definitely try the new Mac and cheese app. DELECTABLE! I had the grouper sandwich. At first I thought it was a little light for $14 but it was the perfect amount for a balanced and scrumptious sandwich. Worth every penny!
If there was a negative star option I would opt for that. My fiancé and I ate here and ordered two completely different dishes, and we instantly had major stomach pains after we were done that lasted throughout the night.  We were definitely poisoned.  The owners of this joke of a restaurant seemed very unprofessional and slimy and put bad tastes in our mouths, no pun intended. .   Save your money and time and choose from all of the other worthy restaurants that downtown Sarasota has to offer.
So, the main course was served before the appetizer dishes were cleared.  The silverware is cheap.  My wine glass didn't sparkle.  Doesn't matter!  The food is outstanding.  We had the fried tomatoes, tuna tartare, red grouper and scallops.  Will be returning soon.
I ate here a few times already, one of my best restaurants so far. Their menu is different and you won't find their dishes no where else. Drinks are great and prices for the location are actually affordable. I gave it 5 stars because of quality. I saw a few one star reviews because of service which I find a bit exaggerating since I haven't experience bad customer service in this restaurant. I actually like not getting bothered every 5 minutes with "how is your food"? blah blah.
This restaurant was amazing! You must eat here. If you like the fake food of a Chillis or Applebee's this is NOT the place for you! This food is authentic, fresh, adventurous and delicious! If you are even skeptical that they don't have anything you'd 'like' on the menu, even their Caesar salad and Rib dish was amazing. That was what my grandmother ordered because she was afraid she wouldn't care for anything else on the menu. The appetizer sized ribs was enough to constitute a satisfying and tasty meal for her. I split the Mahi with my mother. It was new to the menu with an amazing pairing of a crab and conch salsa on top and a parsnip purée on the bottom, which was really akin to a cauliflower purée or the taste of a very light mashed potato. This place is brand new but already with a stellar menu and super friendly wait staff I certainly see great things to come for this establishment... If only people would stop dining at such corporate horrible food spots! (Stop eating at Applebee's, Ruby Tuesdays and Olive Garden!! Ugh)
I had the Made Burger which was amazing. The fried green tomatoes appetizer was pretty tasty. I also enjoyed the Apple Pie Moonshine. My husband ordered the newest menu item, meatloaf. He did not like it at all. Very dry and the potatoes and veggies were too salty and dry. I would go back but I don't think my husband will join me.
Very very nice. Service astoundingly great (Thank you, Rey!). Food was fresh and excellent (fried chicken perfect, scallops were dreamy in fresh corn chowder). Cocktails generously potent and delicious. Be there.
We've been here twice now and both times we've been pretty stoked. I think the reviews are pretty accurate so far. I've had the burger and tots and the bacon wrapped corn dogs. It's always been an eating adventure in a good way. I think some folks might avoid this place because it seems fancier than it is perhaps-but I'd dive in and give it a try. The burger is definitely one that I'd have again with my only complaint that it is a little too big and my girlfriend and I could probably comfortably split the thing and be satisfied especially with the tots-which I find to be utterly amazing. I kinda wish they had more beers but both times they had unusual selections so it's definitely a quality over quantity scenario.
From the second I was greeted at the doors, I was ready to be M.A.D.E. The atmosphere of this place is great! The giant american flag behind the bar and friendly smiling staff really set the tone for your experience! My lady friend and I were excited to check out the menu! Our server was comfortable with both the drink and dinner menus! He was able to answer every question we had. Although we we not drinking, I can't wait to go back and try some of their hand crafted cocktails! A few Highlights of our meal... Duck wings! What?! Who does that? It was a very welcomed change to your typical buffalo wing, zing, and finger that most places do in a mediocre way. These were PHENOMENAL! The Peach BBQ sauce has a kick to it! I had the French Onion. It was great! The nice smokey taste from the shitake mushrooms was a good flavor. Served with a crostini I was left with wanting more! For an entree, I had the Scallops! The scallops were perfectly seared and the jalapeno corn risotto was a perfect accompaniment! My lady friend had the Tomato Bisque soup and I can see why she didn't want to share after offering me a bite. I believe the words, "can I get like a bathtub full of this" might have been said to our server. As an entree she had the Burger. The combination of meat including brisket was a great flavor. It's in the running for best burger in Sarasota for sure! Served with the Cheesy Tater tots w/ malted mayo... WHAT?! I Will be headed back for one of my own! Although we were too full for desert, I can't wait to try one! When our server brought us the bill I laughed, I felt like I had truly been M.A.D.E. They deliver the check in a white envelope with the words, "THE DAMAGE."  stamped on it like a secret file! My first experience at Modern American Delicious Eats was on a scale from 1-10... an easy 13.  Go check it out!
Our meal was excellent.   We had the short ribs and the double dipped chicken, both were fantastic.   The beer cheese soup and corn dog appetizers were delicious.  Our server was so friendly, and very attentive.   I would definitely recommend.
Excellent food and service. I have eaten here many times and have loved everything I have tried. And their Sunday brunch is the best brunch in town!!!
Best restaurant I've been to in Sarasota. The creamed corn (risotto)is amazing, creamy with just the right amount of spice. Get the fried green tomatoes. Everyone at my table raved about the fried chicken!
Our favorite movie night restaurant and not just because it is across the street from the theater.  That staff is ALWAYS friendly and the food is consistently good.  They have some gems on the appetizer menu.  If you pass on the tots for starters, get them as a side dish!
The service was excellent.  Food was good and portions quite large.  My very picky 13 year old really enjoyed the corn dog appetizer and cheezy tater tots which are really a ball of fried cheesy mashed potatoes with a breaded crust.   The tempura tuna was a huge portion- enough for two to share.  The mussles were good but would benefit from some nice crusty bread for dipping.
Outstanding food and service I highly recommend this restaurant .
A group of my friends came to try out for restaurant week. We chose the pairing (beer or wine with each course). First we were sat in a booth which the back was so sticky we asked to move (was told they hadn't had time to replace it- then why sit people there?!). Then we ordered and waited about an hour for our appetizers. Nothing too amazing, small portions, the salad had 1 beet on it only and no fennel. Dinner was disappointing- 3 small scallops on creamed corn (looked like from a can), thin slice of meatloaf. Dessert tasted like frozen pie that had been microwaved. The pecan pie inside was like jelly and the apple pie crust all chewy/mushy. Never did a manager ask us how our brand new waitress was doing (thrown in her first day). A 3 course meal took almost 2 entire hours and the wine was never brought out with the 2nd course. Never going back again. Terrible atmosphere, service and poor quality food. Save your money!
This place is absolutely amazing!  Today, for lunch, was my second foray to M.A.D.E. and it was even better than the first time.  I just got back from Texas, and a restaurant close to where I work in Sarasota beats all of the places I visited on my trip.  We sat on the patio, I ordered the duck BLT and my friends ordered the mussels (she was six years old and did not share ONE with any of us!), the cheese steak (with chicken instead) and the pulled grouper sandwich.  All of us kept exclaiming throughout the meal how incredible it all tasted, and the homemade tots are just so good!  Our server (Andrew), was so attentive, even bringing a coloring book and crayons for our little adult and giving her a plastic cup for her iced tea.  The iced tea!  Fresh, homemade and sweetened with real sugar.  They make everything fresh here.  They even make their own bitters for drinks!  Their mayo is homemade, I mean even the ketchup was extra-special and tasted homemade too?!  One in our party had the Son of a Peach drink with jalapeno infused vodka and mint.  Again, there was no sharing here, darn it!  But it smelled heavenly.  Honestly, you have got to try this restaurant if you have not yet taken the time to do so.  You can park for free in the Courthouse Center Building, and the entrance is around the back of the restaurant itself.  You can also park (for a price but not sure), across the street in the lot that is adjacent to the Hollywood 20 theater.  And last, but not least, I did have a bit of food leftover to take home, and as we were walking away from the restaurant, one of the managers came out with a cute M.A.D.E. paper bag and asked if I wanted to put my containers into it for ease of transport.  As we left, we all decided that this place would be an excellent place to take a date!  I know it is great for happy hour (we received some freebies during that visit!), and when I can, I am heading there for dinner.  I am in the legal field here in Sarasota, and I am definitely going to spread the word to my colleagues and friends about the jewel in downtown Sarasota.
Five stars! Fantastic! Flavorful! I enjoyed the fries green tomatoes as an appetizer. They were fried just right, the tomatoes were nice and tangy. It topped a well-dressed ceasar salad. Then, i ordered the steak n' eggs! It was a medium-rare rib-eye steak. Oh my god, the flavor was so there! And the steak was tender! So many restaurants cook the steak tender with NO flavor, or vice-versa. Not this place! And the sauce to go with it was...great! The service was great as well! The staff was all smiles. It took me a half-hour to get here and the parking was not convenient... i had to park 2nd-floor in the parking garage across the street on a busy saturday night. But!, i shall return.
