For over a year I've been trying to find a dependable, professional, and very talented eyebrow threader and finally I've found her. Suna is AMAZING! The location is in a great area, the salon is fresh, clean and it smells great all while they play great music. Suns was friendly and accommodating! Initially, I was concerned because I told her I wanted my brows to stay as thick as possible and it felt like she was working on them for longer than I'm used to but when she finished up they were perfect. An artist takes time to get things right, right? My brows look amazing! Although, I'm used to paying $10, I'll gladly pay the $20 for the consistency. I can't wait to go back to try out other services...hopefully sooner than later.
One of the best eyebrow shaper's I've encountered.  Suns needed no instruction on how to best frame my face.  The processes of lip and brow threading took less than 10 min.  Cost $30.  I'm a visitor, so I don't know Sarasota prices, but it's higher than what I have paid in major cities, like Boston, for example.  Hence the 4 stars.  BUT, having said that, I'd return for a brow threading and wax my own upper lip, as I have peach fuzz and not a mustache.  :)
I have been going to Suna's for almost 10 years. She is the only person I trust with my eye brows and I love that she threads them instead of wax. She has become such a special friend to me over the years and I look forward to my visits there. I send friends all the time and they are never disappointed.
Great service.. Philip and his mother Suna are the best! Suna does a lot of different services. She does threading for eyebrows,manicures and pedicures,and permanent makeup.
My family was visiting Siesta Key over Thanksgiving week. We were getting family pictures done and all of the girls wanted to get their hair done before-hand. I saw that Suna had good reviews and found that they also had a groupon going on (bonus)! The 3 of us purchased our groupons and made appointments with Phillip and Adam for early Monday morning. We had no problem making the appointment and were the only ones there when we showed up. 2 of us got master haircuts and one got a cut with partial highlights. Each of us loved our cuts and styles! Suna also provided great hospitality with drinks and treats as we waited for each other to finish. Thank you all for a great morning at the salon!
Suna is great! Her prices are super reasonable for downtown Sarasota. The sugar waxing is the best. I am such a baby when it comes to getting waxed but sugaring is much less painful than hot wax and she is super quick. I can't imagine going anywhere else now that I've found her.
Since finding Suna, I will never go back to traditional waxing.  Suna's secret sugar wax recipe allows for a quick and less painful version of a bikini wax.  I highly recommend Suna Salon.  If you haven't been, you are missing out!
I am from Sarasota, but do not live here anymore. However, any time I'm in town, I always go here for their sugar waxing because they have a unique, and in my opinion far superior, method that I can't find anywhere else. The lady who does their waxing is also extremely nice and welcoming. She makes a not-so-nice experience exceedingly more bearable.
Gave me the perfect eyebrows I wanted! I'd give her 10 stars if I could:) Love this place!
I had a great experience at Suna Salon. I had the BEST shampoo and scalp massage ever and the shampoo smelled GREAT. Had an awesome haircut by Ron who is from Turkey and a fantastic style & blow out. Absolutely beautiful work. I would reccommend this place to everyone I know.
Phillip is now the only person I let cut my hair. I have never seen so much passion in a stylist. I have had cuts all around the world at many of the best salons and Phillip simply does it better. Really nice people, amazing cuts, very fair pricing.
