We are posting this for my beautiful niece who is visiting Sarasota, FL she has no internet access and called for some help. We found this Salon on the internet after searching for "blow outs" in Sarasota. From what I understand they are opened less than a year and we wish them years of success and growth! This is what my niece asked me to post for her: "Fringe is AWESOME, especially Chelsea who was so accommodating to my hair needs. She took the appointment the same day for a time that the salon was actually closed and she didn't make me feel rushed. The salon is adorable but you would never know it from the outside. Beautiful décor with GREAT products! Chelsea was Aveda trained and it showed!! She was excellent, thank you!!" --- Celeste visiting from Philadelphia
I had my first haircut today at Fringe Salon on the recommendation of a coworker and yelp reviews.  I got a major haircut...like went from long to short.  My hair is very thick and cuts can tend to be a disaster if not done correctly, but Karen absolutely nailed it.  It looks amazing and I am so impressed and stoked about the quality of her work. In addition, I decided on a whim to do some color but wasn't sure exactly what I wanted.  Karen recommended some blond highlights and copper lowlights.  I have never had low lights before, but I am completely in love with them.  The color that she did added a ton of texture and dimension.   In addition to the awesome cut and color, Karen was a lovely woman to work with.  We talked easily the entire time, and while I tend to dread getting my hair cut because it takes so long and I get so freaking bored, I actually had a really fun time.  Karen's staff were also very friendly and entertaining as well.  Glad I finally found a solid salon here in Sarasota!
I had the $300 Keratin treatment done and it was useless. As soon as I washed my hear after four days of leaving it on my hear was exactly the way it was prior to the treatment. Whatever the new super healthy product they use does not work. Don't waste  your money.  My hair is straight but freeze, and after I washed it was still freeze.
Just had my first appointment here for a haircut with Amy. She did a fantastic job and exactly what I wanted. I was so happy that I booked my next appointment while there. I have found my new stylist! Thanks Amy!
I just wanted to share I had the most Amazing! Relaxing facial and a seaweed wrap given by Therese! I felt so comfortable and left feeling very rejuvenated! What a talent if you can get me to relax!  I am looking forward to going back . Everyone there is so welcoming and talented . See you soon and  Thank you Therese!
I LOVE the Keratin treatment that Karen did on my VERY LONG hair. I had always used a flat iron, thanks to this lovely Florida humidity, and could never get the results that she did with this treatment. Not only is she fantastic at what she does, her salon is just a lovely, warm, and inviting environment with everything from nails and hair to facials and spray tanning. You wont be disappointed.
Great salon. The people are great & I absolutely love my hair! Amy did an amazing job with a keratin treatment,  cut & color.  Love the English tea as well :)
