As a husband, I dread the days my wife goes to the salon to "get her hair did". She is very picky about her color, style etc that chances are 9 out of 10 she will come back home upset, furious willing to sue the stylist she just saw etc etc - you get the point... our peaceful home simply turns into an embassy of hell with the scent of hair chemicals & the smell of hundreds of dollars burnt in the flames of despair. Not at this Salon though!!  She came home happy, celebrating her perfectly done hair and her wonderful new look, she also got a good estimate, and what they quoted her was exactly what she paid - no "extra" charges (which seemed to me a common issue with a lot of the other places she tried before). Sarasota's Inspirations salon is 100% husband approved. Your wife will be so happy and look so gorgeous she'll come home with a big smile, and she may just take you out for BBQ ribs like mine did.
The owner here totally ruined my hair...... the cut was terrible, as were the highlights! She should stop talking to her staff so much and pay attention to her work! She is a joke! She has no talent at all, and tries to make people think she can do hair because she and the bank own the place. DO NOT GO THERE!
Just home from highlights and a Keratin Treatment at Inspirations in downtown Sarasota.  I cannot even beleive how excited I am about my experience on every level. Girlfriends had bought me a gift certificate, as I was moving to a new city and leaving my hair dresser of 16 years behind in Atlanta!  I was pretty nerve wracked about the whole "ordeal" but was trusting of wheverer my friends had guided me. It was fate to end up at Inspriation! I walked in for a Keratin consultation and owner Erin was happy to take me as soon as she was done with her client.  I came back awhile later and she gave me and my once frizzy locks the once over and said Keratin would be perfect for me!  She made me an appointment with Ashley, who she said was really good with color and thought would be a good fit peronsality-wise. Erin knows her stuff!!!  I absolutely love Ashely and was texting my best friend while she was working on me and told her "New hair dresser is so silly and funny! I already love her and haven't even seen my hair yet!'.  No worries, my hightlights were perfect!  Nothing trendy and chunky, but nothing old lady and boring either...a perfect mix of professional yet fun and natural...perfectly blended blonde!!!! And the Keratin...my hair is pin straight and soft and smooth and seriously looks like something out of a movie magazine!!!!  Even though I can't wash it for a few days, it will be worth it!  I seriously cannot get over how great and perfect and even NATURAL my hair looks, pin straight...even the ends look magically repaired.   INSPIRATIONS=MAGICAL!!! Pop in and say hey to Erin and set something up....again, today was only my first experience there but her idea that me and Ashley would be a match hit the nail on the head! Again, I have been seeing the same stylist for 16 years and was NOT looking forward to the search for a new one. Search over! Can't wait to go back for a trim next week! PS Ashley has a super cute Puggle named Lily! Check out the pics at her work station!
I stopped in while visiting on Christmas break from Chicago for a partial highlight. I loved my girl who was from Pittsburgh. She was quick, sweet and my hair looks amazing!
Friendly service and staff.  Came in for a shampoo and blow dry and was satisfied.
I've been afraid to get my hair cut and colored for some time now after some previous unpleasant experiences. My fears are gone after visiting Inspirations. I asked Brandy for very thin subtle golden honey highlights, and that is exactly what I got (I uploaded a picture). She also cut my hair exactly as I described without me showing her a picture. I've never been more impressed with my hair. Everyone in the salon is very pleasant and friendly. I absolute recommend coming here, this is the only place I will be going from now on.
So I really wanted to like this place because I heard great things about it but was not happy with either of my two visits. The first one was a trial for my wedding hair. The girl spent an hour doing all sorts of stuff with it but it ended up looking like a joke. She said, we will have more time when you come in for your wedding and we can make it look better. Since I don't have a place I go to in Sarasota, I trusted that my next visit would be better. I paid for this trial run which I shouldn't have because I had to take the up-do down immediately since it looked ridiculous. We made appointments for our next visit, the wedding day, for almost 10 people I believe. My hair was not bad for the wedding but that morning, the staff was just not in the best mood. We were rushed and they all seemed to be overwhelmed by how many of us there were. I know it was a big group but I feel like they should be prepared for something like that. Overall, I feel that the "up-do" expert did a mediocre job and for the price we paid for the bad service and experience, I would not go back. Some of the people I knew who went there have not gone back after that. Fyi: This was a couple of years ago.
I love this place.  It is the only place I would go in town for a haircut.  This place is the best.  I feel very comfortable.  It is not stuffy like some of the salons here in town.  I do not have to take out a loan to come here.  They are experts.  I get my hair cut by Margareta.  She is not only friendly, but very skilled.  Friends ask me where I go all of the time.  I have a bob style suitable for wavy/curly hair.  I would pay a fortune for the cut at other salons.  When I go, I feel like I am seeing an old friend that I am catching up with.  That is how a salon should feel.
