Love them 110%! :) For kids and adults.  better than I expected!
This was great! I went with the family so we could do something fun with my nephew. They had the kids sit at the front of the boat entertaining them. I sat at the top enjoying the boat ride with the wind in my face. So enjoyable. Caption jack was hilarious and he had a few adult jokes he added in. It was a fun tour and great for the kids to enjoy.
Took our 3 year old boy, the staff is extremely great with kids, me and my wife had just as much fun watching as Brody did participating. Such a great time and fun exerience i would recomend this to any one for a family fun event.
I was able to score a deal on Groupon for $25/2 tickets when tickets are normally $25 a piece. That being said I would totally pay full price to go again! I had a blast & so did my 4 year old. I really enjoyed how the kids went to the front of the boat and the adults hung out more towards the back. It was nice to see Pirate Ashley interact with the kids & make sure they were happily participating. Captain Chris was a wonderful captain to the Blue Foot ship :). The only thing I would suggest is more shad towards the front of the boat where the kids hung out. There was plenty of shade in the rear of the boat.
Went last week with both my 4 year old and 18 month old. What an incredible experience for the whole family especially for our 4 year who is obsessed with all things pirates. The 18 month old enjoyed discovering the boat, while we took in the beautiful views. They really make it exciting and worth every penny.
I vacillated between buying this LivingSocial deal, which was a 2-for-1, and thinking perhaps my daughter, who will be 8 in May, may be too old for this, based on the pictures and one of the reviewers' comments.  I ended up buying it anyway and enclosing it in an envelope as a Christmas gift to my daughter (along with other gifts and toys, of course!).  I have to say, I am glad I ignored both the pictures and the Yelper, because she had a blast, and there were other kids also turning 8 within a few months that thought they were too cool for this and also felt differently once they got in on the action.   You are advised to park at the lot by the Bahia Mar hotel.  Once you pull in, one of the hotel's valet attendants will provide you with directions on how to get to the boat, and so you drive and park nearby.  The LivingSocial deal included face painting and a pirate vest (although for girls, it was more of an arm painting, as they're not going to put a beard or a mustache on a girl, though I guess they could if your kid wanted it bad enough...), but there was an option for the "Junior pirate pack" for an additional $7.50 that included a head scarf, a (plastic) pirate sword, and an eye patch.  Considering the other parents were also purchasing this package, I thought my kid would be disappointed if she didn't also get the package, so that's what we ended up doing.  She was escorted to a treasure chest where she got her pirate vest, and then her Junior pirate items were handed to her, and she was sent to the face painting table, where she got an arm "tattoo" (they use waterpaint, not those fake tattoos) of a seahorse.  Once the kids got their paint, we were ready to board the boat. The young lady who did the painting was part of the crew, and she had the kids sit at the front of the boat, while she taught them "pirate talk" such as "ahoy! "aye" "arrr" and other terms.  The kids got to practice their pirate talk, and then she engaged the "pirate adults" (us, the parents) to also teach us some terms.  The kids were taught about the different terms to describe the front and back of the boat, and even helped raise the pirate flag.   The activities were interactive, and all the kids were engaged.  They even had a "pirate pledge" whereas all the kids pledge to be good pirates, go to bed early, listen to their moms, get good grades, etc.  The kids really believed they were pledging and become real pirates, and to top it off, they were given a certificate that certified they were real pirates.  Cute! But then, some dramatic music started playing...uh-oh, a bad pirate was approaching the ship, on his own little boat! He wanted to take the key that opened the chest on board the boat and had a treasure! The kids were instructed to save the ship and they all rushed to the sides where water cannons were to be found, and they all excitedly pointed the cannons at the bad pirate, who circled the ship several times and brought his own weapon! A water gun to fight back! Eventually, he gave up on taking the key and drove off.  As the ship drives on, you get to see all the mansions on the water and Mr. Spielberg (as in STEVEN SPIELBERG)'s yacht, which is more like a cruise ship that fits 400 people! Finally, the key was obtained and the treasure chest was opened to reveal party favor baggies filled with doubloons for the kids.  The kids felt like real pirates that were rewarded for their hard work.  The pirate spoke to the kids (and even sang, wow, what a deep, baritone, powerful voice, I wonder if he's a singer as well?).  The whole cruise took about an hour, which isn't bad at all for the price, and parking is $5 for the day if you mention that you're with the cruise.  The beach is right across and there's a fancy 7-11 type of store within walking distance for snacks. I organized a meetup for parents on the ship and all the parents and kids told me how much they loved it.  One of the fathers (pictured) dressed himself and his kids as pirates...how fun! Wish I had put on my pirate costume too! The group ended up hanging out at the convenience store to stock up on snacks and then spent some time on the beach.  My daughter wouldn't stop talking about the cruise and said she'd like to go back again, so she obviously liked it.  The captain of the ship was kind enough to pose for pictures, even though the kids were holding him hostage ;) All in all, we all had fun, thought it was a great deal, and I highly recommend it...even more if you get a BOGO deal like I did! Do keep in mind that reservations need to be made about a week in advance as not only do they fill up, but they sometimes do private chartering of the ship for kids' birthday parties.  They normally sail at 1 p.m. and at 3 p.m. and I believe there may be a morning slot too, at 11 a.m.
It was amusing,  yet one should verify that there isn't a birthday when they go, your kid feels left out if there is one at the same time . Also,  ship getting kind of tired,  due for a refurbishment.
We decided as a group to entertain the recent attraction added in the Fort Lauderdale beach area. The pricing was great, the face painting is simple...just to get the kids into the pirate spirit. Once on the ship, the captain and the young lady assisting were great with the kids, kept their attention and the whole pirate story carried out/interesting. The captain also added entertainment for the adults during the trip and shared some good info on the beautiful homes viewed from the waters. Great ending to the pirate trip as well:-) All family members will enjoy.
Great cruise!!! Kids were entertained and everyone had fun!!! Great crew!! Great deal with a groupon!!! Kids get face painting before the cruise and get a little treasure when they leave!
They exceeded all of our expectations. Most of these kids adventures you are online look cool in the pictures but when you get there it's meh. The pictures on their website don't do it justice. And the staff really makes the trip that much better. I highly recommend.
We found this place online and decided to try it with my niece. We got the coupon and it gave us 5 bucks off. Which was nice. The staff was very friendly and nice. It was a great day outside. We had a great day and it was so fun for the kids. The fight out in the water was fun. You can buy fun stuff for the kids. I would do this again! We really enjoyed it!!
I took our daughter and her friends for her birthday, and used a living social coupon. It was a great value with the coupon. The kids really enjoyed the costumes and adventure, and the adults got a chuckle too.
Took my daughter on this on a recent trip to Ft. Lauderdale.  She had the greatest time and so did I!  You can't miss this on your trip to the area, if you have kids.  The parents get a nice hour or so cruise on the water and the kids are entertained by the great staff!  We will do it again on our next trip!!!
We took our 5 year old grandson on the trip. It exceeded our expectations.  We enjoyed the boat ride as well .  He loved the drama, face painting and water fight. would definitely recommend.
Took 3 kids, 8 and 4 years old. A great time for the little ones, especially shooting the water cannons. For dad it allowed a great tour of some incredible waterfront mansions and yachts. They loved the facepaint and wanted to keep it on all day. The swords, bandanas and eyepatches (extra at $7) made for more fun in the hotel room. My eldest commented he thought it would be ok for up to 7 year olds, but was a bit too young for him.
My mom and 4-yr old son son went on this while I was at conference for work at a nearby hotel. My mom asked me to write a good review about the pirate cruise because they had such a good time. My son loved it so much that he still talks about it often (they went in May - 5 months ago)! In fact, we went to Disney (Magic Kingdom) a few days after and he said the pirate boat was better! My mom also really enjoyed looking at all of the huge houses and yachts on the cruise, and she said that the staff did a really excellent job. My son also got the junior pirate pack for the extra $7.50 and I think that was worth it and added to the fun (he still plays with the sword too). Oh, and they went on a Thursday when they do the buy one get one free offer (they also offer that on Tuesdays). The only confusing thing was we were there in the off season so they weren't very busy and only sailed one time on that day, so it took a few calls to the office for me to figure everything out but the lady was very friendly.
