I'm excited to talk about this treasure. Pete's Place is a little dive bar that offers karaoke Thursday through Saturday. I've been there more times than I can count, but I have to admit that I've only been there on karaoke nights. So I can't tell you how the place will be during the week. I'm sure it's still a lot of fun because the people that work there are great and the crowd is usually quite entertaining. When I say entertaining, I mean batshit crazy. This bar has everything you look for in a dive bar. The drinks are cheap, the patrons are a fun mix of South Tampa folks and homeless people, and if you are lucky (or unlucky) enough the bartender just might flash you. Maybe she only does that for our group, but it never hurts to ask. If you go on karaoke night, that's a real treat, but they also have pool, darts, and video games to keep you occupied. Let me talk about karaoke night for a bit. It is a must visit in the karaoke world. Every time I go I have a blast. It is my favorite place to go sing karaoke because you don't have to worry about looking dumb, sucking, or being embarrassed in any way. Before Pete's Place I wasn't the type to do karaoke in bars. You can say I found my voice there. They have a great list of songs, including my favorite "Crazy Rap". I sing that every time I go in there and the lady that runs the karaoke machine hates me for it. It's a filthy song and the crowd eats it up. The karaoke lady and I have a strange relationship. We decided to go there during a bar crawl for my graduation party. Of course I had to sing "I Love College" to commemorate the big day. I was really into it and at the end of the song I threw down the mic and walked off the stage like I was Eminem or something. She was not happy. She immediately started screaming at me and calling me an asshole and according to witnesses she even pushed me. I was too drunk to comprehend what was going on. She then started singing "You're a Jerk" at me as some kind of revenge. We quickly left that night, unsure if we were going to be allowed back. The next time we went in I decided to bury the hatchet and apologize to her. Thankfully I am a real sweetheart and she has since welcomed me back with open arms, despite the fact that she hates the songs I choose. Pete's Place has a lot of character and once you spend some time there you will always want to come back. It's just a fucking free for all once you're inside and you can pretty much do whatever you want to. That's why I love it. It's a great place to go and get annihilated and act like a complete jackass without fear that other patrons or the staff will care. I'm not saying to be disrespectful, but as long as you are nice to the bartender, you are golden. Her face lights up when we walk in there because she knows we are about to get nuts. I appreciate that in a drinking establishment. So give Pete's a chance. I promise you'll love it unless you are turned off by middle aged women flashing you, tolerable karaoke singing, and a clientele that at times may include the people that sell newspapers in the media on Dale Mabry. And if those things turn you off then you should just go back to your douche bar and have some wine. Pete's Place is a great time and you'll always be welcomed with open arms. And maybe boobs. For more reviews, visit thecheatseat.com
One of the best dive bars I have been to. It is definitely a no frills kind of place. I think that is why the prices are cheap. The wife and I went there just to get out of the house. We ate here and the food was great. They had several daily specials that they write on chalkboards as well as their regular menu. I choose to have two of their specials, the crab cake sandwich and crab roll. Both were freshly made and very flavorful. Now the no frills part. you go up to the bar to order your drinks and food. There is no table service here. I will say this much, as busy as it gets there I was surprised on how well the bartenders handled the place. They would remember your name, what you drank an the food you ordered while keeping up with everyone else. This is a define place I will return to.
Smells terrible like cigarettes. I heard they renovated so I finally walked over for a drink. Walked right in then turned around and walked right out. If I wanted to get lung cancer I would smoke myself. So disappointing.
Love Pete's.  It's always fun there.
Always a good time a Pete's Place! The karaoke is fun and the drinks flow freely.  We love the updates to the back seating area.  Lots of tables and cozy booths!  Never a dull moment!  Definitely a little dive bar, but we love it here and will be back another time for sure!!!
I've been here numerous times for karaoke. I happen to love karaoke and there is nothing worse than heading somewhere to sing and then realizing that the song selection is limited and has nothing you care to sing. That isn't the case here. The selection is huge and will have what you want. What's really great about Pete's is the mixed crowd. You'll find anything from your typical over 40's barflies to college-aged kids all there having a good time. Everyone is generally supportive of each other's drunken vocal performances - even if it's the cliche group of girls singing/giggling through Love Shack. If someone sings well, they are usually met by vigorous applause and high-fives by a glassy-eyed strangers. I've never had anything but friendly bartenders and the drinks are inexpensive and stiff.
By far the cheapest drinks I've ever seen in Tampa. This is without question. I had five mixed drinks, got charged for every one, and my bill was $15.00. That is just outstanding. If you're looking for a crazy dive bar to sing horrendous karaoke with your friends, this might be your nirvana. There's not much there, and we certainly saw a diverse crowd... but the majority of it was over 40 for sure. You have every type of karaoke bar character: drunk girl that can't sing a lick; creepy guy that's doing it to impress a girl but leveling himself and failing miserably; guy that's going Wayne Newton up there giving the "wink and the gun" while trying to make eye contact with the ladies; and both the guy and the girl that take their singing juuuuuust a bit too seriously. Simon, Randy, and J-Lo aren't at the bar there kids, it's ok if everyone isn't hanging on your every note. I wouldn't head here to meet your soulmate, but I might with a mixed group of people just looking to cut loose and drink while making an ass out of themselves. A great little dive bar in South Tampa.
Our go to spot whenever our group has the Karaoke itch. It's your typical dive bar. Cheap drinks and a large crowd on weekend nights. People are generally very friendly here and I've never had an issue with anyone who has "Over Indulged". My one complaint is that they could really use an additional bartender, especially Saturday nights. The bartenders do the best they can but on a crowded night, you could be waiting awhile for a drink. Other than that, the place is great.
This one is simple. Best dive bar in Tampa with cheap drinks and now good food. The wings are huge and everyone has been talking about the clam chowder. It has recently been upgraded with a front deck, open windows, more tables and a kitchen.
Pete's place is my favorite bar in Tampa!!!! I found it online listed as the best dive bar in Tampa.  My husband and I were looking for a comfortable, fun karaoke bar and we found it!  If you like to sing, or just listen to people have fun, then Pete's Place is definitely YOUR place!  Best KJ and Bar staff around! Great drink prices...not a huge beer selection, but enough along with a full bar.  I'm a party girl wanna be as I used to go out all the time..then the child happened.  Now I must pick and choose my outings..and it always seems to either start at Pete's or end at Pete's, or both.  I love to get dressed up and go to a great club, or nice bar/restaurant, but nothing compares to the welcoming feel of Pete's.  It's everyone's Cheers. Very diverse crowd.  20's to 70's..and same goes for the music.  Jene the KJ is fabulous, and has a great selection of music.  A newcomer might get upset because of the rules...i.e. if you do a duet, that's both of your places in the rotation.  Keeps people from jumping in-line.  There's always a wait to sing..because everyone loves it there.  It's worth the wait.  And you'll always find something she has you like. Great singers to bachelorette parties just wanting to have fun...it's all here.  Thursdays are a more regular crowd, and it's not as busy, so if you want to get more songs in, that's the night to go.  If you just want to have fun, see it all, and sing when you can, Friday or Saturday are great too. I take all of our out of town visitors, no matter the age or style to Pete's and everyone wants to go back.  Very friendly and fun.  I would highly recommend everyone try Pete's at least once...I guarantee - it won't be the last time.
There is no air conditioning and you can't walk outside (on their patio) with your drinks. They don't have POS systems which means they write tickets when you open a tab, which makes for super slow bar tending.
Pete's  Place isn't smoky? Pete's Place is brightly lit and actually has places to sit!! Wait is that a kitchen too!? All of these things are the new Pete's Place. Everyone we have grown to know and love are all there singing there hearts out on Karaoke nights, serving us our drinks through the rush and still having the time to lean over and let you know you haven't been noticed and that it is good to see you! Pete's Place has new faces coming through as well and your good ol hole in the wall bar has had a face lift and truthfully is rocking it!
Best damn dive bar in Tampa!!  Friday and Saturday nights are an absolute blast.  You'll see every walk of life in this place - locals, tourists, penny pinchers, ultra rich, it doesn't matter at Pete's Place.  The place has recently undergone some renovations, but still maintains it's Florida charm.  Michelle, the bartender, is the best kind of people there is!!
If you are looking for a smokey dive bar than this place would be great for you. If you aren't a smoker then this is going to totally not do it for you. Also, if you are under 30 it seems like this probably isn't the place for you. Cheap ass drinks at least...
Pete's Place is what I would call "my bar."  I LOVE the karaoke, awesome selection, great singers, receptive crowd and it goes all night.  The drinks are cheap, the bartenders remember you and the setup works well.  This is the palce I can go without my husband and have a great time and be comfortable, NOT what I would call a pickup bar, people are just cool.  The only downside is the smoking.  We lovingly refer to it as "stinky Petes" because everytime I come home I reek like smoke for days.  The ladies room is "cozy" but it always makes for goos conversation while your huddled up in line.  Karaoke Thursday through Sunday I think... See you there!
Best K.J. in the area!  Karaoke is great, not as smokey as it used to be, and the are going to be making an outside patio area soon too!  Great fun, Great Music, and Great times!
Great place for Karaoke! As others say, this is a dive bar.  They recently banned smoking inside, which is great for us non smokers.  I no longer leave smelling like an ash tray. It is big enough that anyone who wants a seat has one.  We went on a Friday night and Karaoke starts at 10 p.m.  People sign up fast, so sign up at the beginning to reserve your spot!  Almost everyone who sings sounds amazing!  I don't know if there is a singing school around here, but it seems like everyone has their song.  I definitely hear the same songs from week to week! Drinks are cheap.  They are served in little plastic cups and there are not many bar tenders, but when the alcohol is flowing you don't even notice.   Everyone here is super friendly.  It definitely has a cheers feel where everyone knows your name!
I've lived near and driven right past this South Tampa dive bar for 14 years, but I never once ventured to stop in until recently. Now, I can't get enough of the place. It's not for the food, which I have not tried. The menu seems to promote fried seafood. Someday, I'll give it a shot. This is a place for karaoke. Normally, I'm not interested. But this place is kind of fun. The regulars are there every Thursday-Friday-Saturday. And, after the first few visits, you realize they each have their "song" which they invariably sing each week. It's pretty entertaining, and there are actually a few who can sing. The drinks are dirt cheap. I think a bottle of Bud Lite is $2.50, and you can get a few "craft" beers in cans and bottles for $4. The bartenders are super friendly, and they know you after only one visit. My one big complaint is they recently let the smokers back inside after a brief experiment of banning the stink to the outdoor patio. That was a brilliant move, and no one seemed to mind. However, there is now smoking once again inside. You'll come out smelling like a foul ashtray and in need of fast shower if you go here. But if you live nearby, it's a great cheap dive bar that is long on fun.
Went for my second time the other night for their opening Friday night of live music. Casual, dive bar. Patio area is cool. They have tried to revamp their menu, nothing special. Lots of fried bar food. Most things on the menu were not available which I thought was weird. After finally going through 3-4 items, I finally picked one that was available. Got the chicken sandwich with waffle fries for my man and then tried to order a salad for myself. Salad came out and was the size of my fist(this was supposed to be a regular entree sized salad not a side salad). Just consisted of shredded iceberg lettuce and some cheese. Worst salad I have ever seen and all my friends thought it was a joke. I tried to send it back but then the 'chef' came out and argued with me. Interesting tactic since they are trying to gain more business. Needless to say, we will not be eating there again. The only decent thing was the waffle fries. Chicken sandwich sucked. Anyway, if you want a place to get a cheap drink and you want a dive bar atmosphere, go there. Don't go for the food...
Little dive bar that took me back to college! Super cheap drinks! And there's food! Came for the new seafood menu launch. Pete's got some damn good fritters that pack a punch--considering that they used jalapeño juice when making them! A little smoky walking in but the tables/booth area towards the back weren't bad. It is a dive bar after all! Didn't realize how long Pete's Place has been there and word is they're going to be making some major changes to the interior soon. Looking forward to coming back!
Best karaoke bar in Tampa.  Michelle is a great bartender who doesn't take crap off anybody and will literally toss you out the door if you piss her off.  The karaoke singing is serious here, but everyone is out to have a great time.  70 year olds mingling, dancing and singing with 30 year olds is a beautiful thing to behold.  People respect everyone who gets up there and actually tries - no matter the song or the voice.  There's always the one drunk bachelorette group though that thinks they can rap while hammered and it never goes well, but take solace in the fact that the list to sing is 30 people long and they will be long gone by the time their turn comes back around.   Very cheap drinks and recently renovated, Pete's is a bar to try.  And yes, it's smoky.  It's a bar.  If you don't like it, go to the 99 other bars that don't allow smoking in the area and leave Tapper's, Tiny Tap and Pete's to the true bar lovers!
I applaud authentic hangouts where people go to just enjoy an adult beverage, relax in the comfort of a casual atmosphere and not have to drop double digit figures for each of those adult beverages. It's been a few years but a recent return visit to Pete's found it noticeably less smoky, still welcoming to strangers, or long lost fans, and pretty much otherwise unchanged, which was a plus. One big change is the menu. What I sampled was really good and reasonably priced. And it is not limited to typical bar food offerings like stuff poured over a plate of nachos  but featured a nice selection of seafood plus some more mainstream items like wings. Pet's low key, laid back (at least until the karaoke kicks in) and now a place to enjoy both food and drink when just keeping it casual is all you want.
What a great time! Was not sure what to expect when we pulled up, especially after walking in the door and it being one of those record-stopping moments where everyone turns to look at us! I'm guessing there are a lot of regulars, it's a casual place, and we were a group of 8 people a little too dressed up for this place after a night out elsewhere. That quickly passed and we settled into some tables in the back (though there were not enough chairs). We sat back and took in the atmosphere. It's a dive bar...it's smoky...you don't get a waitress, you have to stand at the bar for a drink...there's karaoke constantly going -some good some bad...friendly (and very drunk) faces. We arrived at almost 11pm, so parking was not a problem. We were able to park 4 cars easily, even though the place was pretty hopping. The karaoke cue was up to about 15 people when we arrived, but it goes pretty fast depending on the songs people choose. One of my friends just moved here and is a karaoke fanatic, so he enthusiastically got right up there and sang "Fat Bottomed Girls" which was da bomb! We put down a few more cheap drinks, used the little shanty of a restroom, and then three girls and I got up and sang "I love Rock and Roll" much to our surprise. The people were friendly, no one boo'd anyone the entire time we were there. People sang along, and helped people get back on track with the lyrics, and even danced next to you and offered back up. :P A few hours (and drinks) later, I smelled like smoke, I broke both of my shoes (and yeah my bare feet had to touch that floor - went home and soaked them in disinfectant), but had a wonderful experience. The upside is that next time we go, our karaoke star friend will have been here every night and be one of the regulars, so it will be even easier to get up in front of everyone and belt out my favorite song!
