This is one of our favorite areas in S. Tampa, especially during the holidays. Great shopping, food, and Kate Jackson park a short block away. It's a fun place to just hang out, grab a bite to eat or some coffee, and then let your kids play in the park. I also like that LA Fitness is right there in the village and it's close enough to bayshore if you want to go for a walk or run. I can't say enough good things about this little village.
For what you can see here, it is aesthetically pleasing. If you love sitting outside, taking in the air, having your family sitting beside you outside, kids running and playing by the water fountain, doggies playing, this is the place. My favorite areas are the coffee shop, Francesca's store, pottery barn, downtown dogs, tommy Bahamas anthropologie, and the water fountain area. I also love the coffee, tea, French bakery shop called Piquant. It is dog friendly too. There are other restaurants in the area, but I haven't gone to them. There is also a Cinebistro movie theater to watch movies, and drink, and eat, but haven't been to that location. It is also quite nice to come when they have their fresh markets on Sunday's. They have lots of local items, food and crafts galore. They also throw fun little festivals and art fairs. Just make sure to check the Hyde Park Village website. This is one of the nicest of areas in Tampa in my opinion because it is close to Bayshore Blvd. where people can walk by the bay, or ride their bikes, and see the pretty houses in the background. Thus, if you like to people watch, house watch, & luxury car watch, this is the area for you. One thing about this area to mention is it is small, and shops don't seem to stay. Shops change often. Parking may look like a challenge, but there are two parking garages on two different ends. They are free.
I like Hyde Park Village but it always leaves me wanting more substance. It has always been that way for me, so it is not real high on my list of places to go. It is a nice place to attend an event when one comes around.
We visited Hyde Park Village for the Taste of South Tampa last weekend and I was quite impressed with the area. I love that we were able to park for free in the parking garage. Hyde Park Village is gorgeous. It is well laid out with a courtyard that has a fountain and space for a small stage. There are a nice amount of trees. I imagine that this is something like what the owners of Baywalk in St. Petersburg wanted to do (and are trying to recreate with the new area). There are countless shops and restaurants that are on my list of "must try soon" including Piquant and Timpano. I am also intrigued by Irish 31 since I love Irish food and their sample at the Taste of South Tampa was pretty delicious. I have heard a lot about Cinebistro as well and didn't know where it was located until this visit. While I was there for the event and didn't take the time to visit any shops, I was drooling through Pottery Barn's window while waiting in line. Most of the stores seem a little upscale for my tastes, but I could definitely spend a fun day window shopping here. I will be returning to Hyde Park Village.
I love window shopping. If you're like me, and appreciate some eye candy, Hyde Park Village will give you your fix. There's an assortment of beautiful stores, all ripe for the browsing with a few restaurants sprinkled inbetween. Even just walking down the street through HPV is an aesthetically pleasing experience. At its heart there is a beautiful fountain, gleaming with the wishes of previous visitors. If you need a moment to fully contemplate this visual, take a seat at one of many wrought iron benches surrounding the fountain. And, If you have food in tow, there are also cafe' style tables with umbrella tops as well. I would love to have a girl's day or night out here. They have a few events coming up soon that sound like a lot of fun! While I was there, for instance, I saw a sign advertising karaoke in the park. It just might be something worth looking into.
Looking for a cute, safe, dog-friendly neighborhood? Look no further. The cow dog gives Hyde Park Village four stars for the fun pup-related events, plentiful water bowls, nice people and pit-friendly atmosphere. What else could you want? We've been to numerous events at Hyde Park Village over the past few months including the Sunday Market and a few fundraisers- and we have always had a good time. I have noticed that it has only gotten better since I first checked it out about three years ago, and keeps improving. As a human, my only qualm is that the stores and restaurants, while charming and aesthetically pleasing, are a little beyond my price range. For that reason, it's more a window shopping and dog-walking venue for me. But if my dog can come with me, she's happy, and when she's happy, I'm happy. Maybe we will move here one day. For now, we'll definitely be back as soon as possible.
Visiting this place during the daytime really puts into perspective how the same place can be perceived so differently at different times. Fist pumping douche bags still tucked in bed recovering from the previous nights' exploits meant this little hood was free from their influence to be roamed by families, kids, pets, and shoppers. The stores are inviting, air conditioned, and welcoming of browsers. There's plenty to eat and drink along the way, and many places are openly pet friendly. These are easily identified by bowls of water sitting out awaiting the next fully dressed puppy being dragged along during their masters' daytime excursion. There is free parking nearby although the entire area is walkable if you are local. There seems to be a nice sense of community, all looks bike friendly, there are shareable umbrellas, seats at a central fountain and a clean public restroom!
Hyde Park Village is a terrific little boutique shopping / dining / entertainment district located just south of Swann Avenue. The area reminds me of the great little squares in Savannah, Georgia with the neatly manicured lawns and gardens, and the eclectic mix of cafes, bars, and retail establishments ringing the squares. I've been to HPV many times over the years to wander past the fountain and then up and down the streets while I checked out the stores (Restoration Hardware, Tommy Bahama, and Brooks Brothers are personal favorites), and then stopped for lunch at one of the fine restaurants in the Village like Timpano's, Piquant, or Nature's Table. I've yet to make it to their Farmer's Market but that's on my wish list for a long, lazy weekend. Tonight I was here to meet my friend Michelle and see a movie at CinéBistro. I arrived early, parked in the FREE parking garage, and then wandered the streets for about 45 minutes before it was movie time. The mix of stores and restaurants has changed throughout the years, which gives the place a feeling of transition, but it is always exciting to see who will move in to take over the vacant spaces. Hyde Park Village is one of those hidden neighborhood gems that not everyone knows about, but I sure wish more people would patronize the area and support the restaurants and retail stores.
I just adore HPV. And by that I mean Hyde Park Village. Obviously no one likes genital warts. Anywho, moving on... HPV is such an adorable area. I love perusing the shops, which are a nice mix of chains and boutiques. It's incredibly dog friendly, which, being a mother of 3, I definitely appreciate. It makes me sad to see so many empty store fronts. If they want to make Hyde Park the cute upscale shopping destination that they clearly want to make it, they need to stop being jackasses and lower the rent a bit to fill those storefronts up with more local vendors. And restaurants! More, please! I only saw a couple last time I was there, and they could benefit for having a few more casual lunch type options. I can't complain about parking as there are 3 free parking garages in very close proximity to HPV. Overall, I'm a big fan of Hyde Park and I'll continue to make my way over there as much as possible!
The only reason this place isn't 5 stars is the empty storefronts.  I'm not going to bore you with the history behind that but this place has a lot of potential with the outdoor-mall feel in a small town atmosphere.  HPV also hosts a number of weekend events and art shows that shut down the streets and provides many a nice area to stroll and shop or taste what the vendors have to offer.  The permanent stores are nice...a few chains mixed with some boutiques.  The restaurants here offer a variety of choices from French/American, Wine Bistro, Steakhouse, and even an Irish bar.  The movie theater Cine Bistro is probably the best around offering dinner/drinks while you watch the big screen.  I only live a few blocks away and always look forward to the weekend venture to see what HPV has in store.
Hyde Park Village is a cool trendy area of Tampa Bay.  Nice restaurants and a lot of shops.  We went to take a look at the Restoration Hardware store.  I'm sure we will be back at some point.  Park for free in the parking garage.
I actually really love Hyde Park Village even though it's pretty empty. I think it's a really cute place to hang out and I love walking through it. There are so many cute shops here and great running/athletic stores! I haven't been to any restaurants here, but they're definitely on my to-do list, especially Timpano and Piquant! Definitely a good choice for a quieter day as opposed to heading to South Howard.
Went to the market they had in Old Hyde park yesterday, what a fantastic time! The streets were closed down and there was music, dogs and families. I was hoping for more vendors since it's the perfect time of year to spend some time and really soak in the atmosphere. We tried everything and left with hands full of bags from produce, dog biscuits and a few yard ornaments for some family members. The stores the take residence there are open and welcoming. If I hadn't had my two large dogs I would have spent more time walking into the shops  but none allow dogs which I understand. The parking was ample with three garages and since one of my pooches has bad hips the elevators are a plus. There was a man playing guitar that keep did a wonderful job of captivating the audiences of all ages, he really turned into the MC of the event. Can't wait until the next one, hopefully more vendors!
I spend a lot of time in Hyde Park Village, and it is safe to say I'm a fan. Since a few years ago, before I lived in walking distance, through to now, I have attended a lot of special events, Farmer's Markets, celebrations, festivals, and day-to-day activities, and always have fun. There is typically a security guard somewhere around the shops or fountain, so I feel safe walking my dog in the deserted area on quiet nights. During the day, it is bustling, with couples or mother-daughter duos visiting cute, upscale shops - boutique women's clothing stores, a salon, a coffee shop, a sweet shop, a few fitness stores, a Tommy Bahamas, a few new places coming in, a wine bar, Downtown Dogs, etc, etc. I have not shopped in a ton of the stores, but those I have checked out are adorable. Many of the stores in the village place water bowls for the many dogs who are walked by outside of their doors. It's little things like that which make most days there a fun treat, where you can enjoy the center fountain, the shops, and the quiet, cute village. On the outskirts at Swann and Rome is Irish 31, a pub which I need to review separately - it's great - and Cinebistro, which I am still interested in trying out but haven't thus far. also, Piquant on the Rome/Dakota corner, which I can't believe I haven't visited yet! From my days of endless drives to the Lifestyles gym (now LA Fitness), I can say the parking garage on the Oregon side is always cleanish, and accommodating with plenty of room for cars of those visiting the village and a separate section for those who live in the village apts. Also, I am jealous - I live 1/2mile away, but I would totally love to live in those townhomes attached to the village, instead - but I digress. Special events, whether it's a beer truck event, Halloween pumpkin patch benefitting the Humane Society (overpriced but it's for charity!), or farmer's market on Sundays are part of what make the village a unique spot here in Tampa.
I've been pretty busy the past two Sundays, braving the sunshine and fresh air, to get my hands on some market goods! It's a tough job, playing with baby chicks, trying infused honeys, and perusing local craft tents, but someone has to do it. Luckily, I don't have to drive far to complete this grueling task, because market culture thrives in the Tampa Bay. Who am I kidding? I am happy that I get to take part in such a rich tradition. I know that any given Saturday (Ybor & St. Pete) or Sunday (Downtown Tampa) I have a place to go and discover the ventures of local foodies whose goods always manage to make taste buds swoon! However, there are some markets that you can only find once a month in Tampa. A couple Sundays ago, I explored one of these less frequent markets, Hyde Park Market. The first Sunday of every month, you will usually find me here; located in the heart of the Hyde Park neighborhood in South Tampa, this cute little district is the perfect spot for a Sunday market. The neighborhood is filled with cute boutiques, like Downtown Dogs, where I can pick up an oddly extravagant dog treat, and larger stores like William Sonoma, where I can cry over an awesome kitchen product I can't afford (pretty similar to crying over spilled milk, with less clean up). I really enjoy this market, not only for its setting, but also the amazing vendors; my fingers would fall off if I were to name all of them, so I'll just highlight a few of my favorites from this last trip and save myself the odd explanation to my doctor... more on the vendors, the food, and photographs at the write up on my blog!
Memo to the residents of Tampa: We need to make this thing work. Urban mixed-use development only works if an entire community buys in, and this area was designed to integrate a posh, upscale shopping district with a real neighborhood where people live. It's just beautiful, and sticks out architecturally from everything else around it. They also do a great job with events like art festivals, and their famous Hyde Park Music Series the last Wednesday of every month over the summer. It's also as dog friendly as the SPCA, and there are plenty of great dining options like Irish 31, Timpano's, and even CineBistro if a movie is what you seek while eating. Plus with two free parking garages, the usual parking chores of South Tampa really aren't an issue at all. So why only 4 stars? Because so much of the area sits vacant because of the outrageous rents being charged to potential tenants. It seems like they've started to give a bit of ground on this front, but it's hard to encourage people to come walk around when so much retail space sits unused, and it devalues all the folks already there. There are multiple shops and restaurants opening currently, so let's hope this great space gets to 100% occupancy sooner rather than later. It's a true treasure, but needs to be filled with shops, and supported by the community.
Why are there not more restaurants and better stores here?? They don't really have an anchor there other than the gym, Wine Exchange and Timpano. Pottery Barn, Learning Express, Anthropologie, the coffee shop are all great, but nothing really draws a regular crowd to make it a lively, thriving true town center. In the center of the Village is a yoga clothing store; why not put a store in the center of the Village that doesn't limit shoppers to such a narrow consumer group?  Don't get me wrong, I love the yoga store, but are the developers trying to create a ghost town center? Put in some good restaurants, stores that appeal to more people, and keep up with the events. They need to look at Reston Town Center in VA as an example of how to create a thriving and successful town center. With the surrounding neighborhoods, there is so much potential here. The structure it self is very nice and a beautiful place to relax, but there's no life or energy to it unless it's a paid and sometimes free festival or the farmers market.
Hyde Park Village is a gem in South Tampa. It has everything, food, movies, and great shopping! Over the years it's had it's up and downs with retail partners but it always manages to hang in there. I like the current mix, especially with Anthropologie and Williams-Sonoma. The first Saturday morning has a big farmer's market and seems to bring out everyone in Tampa with a pooch. Free, convenient parking garages make visiting Hyde Park village a no-brainer for us.
Hyde Park Village is a small, upscale and trendy shopping plaza with restaurants and a movie theater.  Some of the stores include: Pottery Barn, Restoration Hardware, Anthropologie, The Pink Petticoat, Tommy Bahama and Brooks Brothers.   Dining options include: Timpanos, Wine Exchange, Nature's Table, Indigo Coffee, and Irish 31.The movie theater (Cinebistro) serves wine and alcoholic beverages so you must be 21 to enter. There are frequently free events (farmer markets, art shows, outdoor concerts) in the park and there are two parking garages that offer FREE parking on either ends of the entrances.  Check out their website for more info: hydeparkvillage.net
My first time here was in...geesh... such a long time ago but looks like not much changed. When I have a favorite place, it has got to be book marked by a review on yelp. Lol! Hyde park is an beautiful semi artsy place to walk, window shop or shop, eat, embrace architectural designs and a Sunday flea market- quite a medley of entertainment. I must remember to visit again when Im in town. It has been too long. I miss you Tampa Hyde park! Those endless summer weather walks.
Hyde Park Village is not only a great spot for shops and dining, but it's also an oasis for young families. If you're looking for a way to spend the day outside with the little ones, here's your answer. Stay-at-home moms relish the exercise inducing atmosphere while their tots get a thrill ride in their mom-fueled jogging strollers. While the quaint streets can host a nice mid-week outing, a short drive on a Saturday afternoon will quickly answer many a new parent's dilemma: "What are some things to do in Tampa with babies/small children?" The streets are adorned with strollers and the playground at nearby Kate Jackson Community Center is wonderful. From swings and slides to fountains spouting from the ground, this park has everything your toddlers need for a fun day outdoors. From fresh markets to various festivals, weekends at Hyde Park Village are always entertaining. Plus, with three different complimentary parking garages, you'll have more cash to spend at City Street Sweets. Leaving the kids with a sitter? Great; celebrate date night with a pint at Irish 31 before catching a movie at CineBistro. Day or night, this is the perfect place to pass the time. Besides, 100 stroller-lunging moms can't be wrong.
Love, love Hyde Park Village perhaps because there is not much like it around here. You can find a little bit of everything from food, gym, clothing, cafes, sweets and home needs. I specially like the Farmer's Market first Sunday of every month, it has a wide variety of goods, jewelry, food, art, produce and they just added a kids play area. It's pet and bicycle friendly. They also do different activities throughout the year for kids as well as adults. A great outdoors area in Tampa.
Hyde Park Village has the potential for 5 stars but it's not quite there.  This is a family oriented outdoor shopping center with a nice mix of retail, dining and entertainment options with a beautifully landscaped and maintained village green in the center.  They have two free parking garages and there is some available street parking in the surrounding neighborhood.  They frequently host outdoor art festivals and about once a month they have a free music concert with beer and wine vendors.  They also have a farmer's market once a month (the first Sunday of the month) which I think could stand to have more LOCAL farm fresh vegetables, produce, eggs, meat, poultry and seafood options.  What I really love about the festivals in Hyde Park Village is that they are always dog friendly, in addition to being very family/kid friendly.  They keep their website and facebook page updated, so it's a great resource for finding out what events are coming up in the near future.   There are a couple of great stores:  Lululemon, Pottery Barn, Restoration Hardware, Anthropologie, Williams-Sonoma and Francesca's, in addition to a few I have never checked out - Indigo Coffee,  Brook's Brothers, Tommy Bahama, a running store (Fit Niche), a couple of other women's clothing shops, a lingerie shop and an apothecary (i.e. bath and body products from Crabtree & Evelyn).  There is also a salon, CineBistro (movie theater with dining), a gym, a dog boutique, a candy and chocolate shop, and several restaurants to choose from:  Timpano Italian Chophouse, The Wine Exchange, Nature's Table cafe, Irish 31 and the most recent addition, Piquant, a French bistro and cafe.   Hyde Park Village is beautifully maintained and is really a lovely place to spend an hour or two, but honestly I think it is difficult to stretch the visit out any longer than that due to the somewhat limited shopping and dining options.  I think Hyde Park Village could be even better and worthy of 5 stars if they would only find a way to add more high-quality shops to fill in all of the empty storefronts.  I would estimate about 20% vacancy which is a real shame and brings down the mood considerably when walking past 2 or 3 empty shops in a row.   As for my two cents, I have a couple of ideas to make Hyde Park Village even better:  a couple more upscale restaurant/bars geared toward the professional upper 20's/early 30's crowd that lives in the area, a fro-yo shop, a yoga/barre studio, a really good, casual coffee shop/bakery/cafe with covered outdoor seating, a Jamba Juice, and last but not least, a Trader Joe's!
This is one of those perfect urban spaces: Fountain, traffic, multiple levels overlooking - residential, office and retail. The winds of retail fashion have swept the large crowds to other locales at present, but the space lives on as an example of how mixed use should be created. I recently sat under a shady tree with a tea from Indigo and enjoyed the beautiful spring weather and this great space.
I miss living in Hyde Park    =( It was such a wonderful place, and the Farmers market was so quaint. The Village has upscale retail stores, and such cute architecture.
I was a little disappointed there wasn't more to Hyde Park Village.  At first glance it appears there is not enough parking.  But they do have a parking garage and it's FREE.  There are even community umbrellas available at the local shops and even in the parking garage to use in case there is an afternoon shower.  I thought that was thoughtful.  In all, I didn't see much that would keep me coming back but Indigo Coffee and a unique little pet supply shop.
Stopped by to kill some time just as they were having a tree lighting ceremony. Very cute park, people were nice, pet friendly.
I feel like Hyde Park is finally on its way back up. It was the place to be about 10-15 years ago, and then had a sharp decline. Once the AMC movie theater left, a lot of other businesses did too. There are finally a lot of business that are open and doing really well, and the area attracts some great stores - Lululemon, Anthropologie, and Fit Niche to name a few. Parking is free and very easy to find. There are some very tasty restaurants as well. I recommend heading to Wine Exchange for a great meal.
Great place to shop our just walk around. Love the area
Hyde Park is such a great area just off the bay. Great for walking around and very historical homes to see. So many events, great family and pet friendly activities and amazing places to eat, drink and be merry! Whatever your flavor so if your in the mood for an evenin out with the girls there's a great wine exchange. How about taking the Kidd chocolate at Ashworth or the pup out for a new toy or treat, this place has it all. You could go for coffee at Indigo yum! Maybe a night out for a game or good brew... try Irish 31! There's a really great restaurant for a date night called Timpanos that so amazing the menu there has steaks, pastas and of course tasty wine! The shopping is plenty for men woman and children. There's also a toy store I you need a fun gift for a birthday party! Plenty of live bands come in on the weekends and the fall season is a great time to visit and spend a nice evening sitting on one of the many patios. Enjoy!
I would love to live in Hyde Park! Everything about this place is so great. From the shops (both on a large and small scale) and fun and trendy, there have great eats (I highly recommend Piquant!), parking is plentiful and the farmer's market is so quality. I love, love, love going to the Farmer's Market and just walking all around, taking it in. There is a great candy shop where I go for my favorite: caramel apples...and, they cut it for me! :-)
Very pretty area, the selection of shops were not anything we were interested in.
Love the upscale trendiness of it. Love the park there--very shaded. Love Cinebistro there. Garage parking makes it easy to park; it's free; when there's an event, they fill up quickly though. I like that I can WALK to everything. Wish Tampa was more like this.
Sunday fresh market in Hyde Park are the best!
We go here on the first Sunday for the Fresh Market with our Bulldog, Beaulah.  Great vendors, fairly compact location, tons of dogs.  We always have a great time.  Strongly recommend the Alligator Pear Taco vendor.  Their rice bowl is incredible!  Many of the Village stores open early as well.
I absolutely love Hyde Park Village.  It is such a cute little area just a short walk from South Howard.  The farmers market and other events are very enjoyable!  It is a quite area but has some great shops!  It's a great outdoor spot to take walks with the dog or spend the afternoon shopping and end the day at one of the restaurants.  I haven't been to the Cinebistro but think it's a fun idea and hope to check it out soon.  The parking garages are very convenient as well.  Overall I love the area and hope people continue visiting.   I would hate for shops to close like Sophie's Bakery did :(
