Fresh threads have fabulous clothes at great prices. It's not overwhelmingly big, so you won't feel stressed with shopping. The ladies were very sweet to me! I saw a lot of designer clothes but not too much vintage picks. I think this store is more big on designer brands. Love the selection and managed to snag a very cute, high quality dress for $40. I'll be back!
Awesome finds and great customer service! They are moving to a new location and will have a great sale .. find them on Facebook.
This is a great little consignment shop in South Tampa. I have consigned a few items with them and am pretty satisfied. The items at Fresh Threads include everything from mid-range clothing to very high end designer items. They have a good selection of dresses, shirts, cute purses and accessories. As a consignor, you can drop off your items and then if sold, take a 50/50 split of the declared price via check after the 15th of the month. I figure this is a better destination for some of my unused clothing than sitting in my closet untouched forever (I don't have many nice things, most of it goes to Goodwill! Oh well...) I also like how unpretentious they are compared to other consignment shops around the area. Fresh Threads recently moved locations from South Macdill to South Dale Mabry and the move was a good choice in my opinion. I have visited both locations and the new location is definitely more accessible as well as more spacious. My only qualm with this store are that they don't carry enough clothing in larger sizes (though I did see a maternity section, cute but not what I need!) - like something along the range of a medium to large, most of it is size small. But, technically they sell what they are consigned, and size small seems to be the demographic of South Tampa ladies, so I guess I understand. They also leave it to the consignor to keep track of their balance (found online) and deadlines, so don't expect a call when your item has sold. I think that's standard, but I found it a little confusing at first. If you're looking to go boutique shopping in South Tampa definitely check this place out. The owner is nice and very involved on Facebook, keeping the new arrivals up to date every day. Sometimes when I'm bored I'll browse their facebook page to see what outfits she has put together with the recently consigned items. Happy shopping!
Fabulous consignment shop! Unpretentious, well-organized, trendy where it counts and always seasonally appropriate. I both consign and shop at Fresh Threads and think they do an amazing job of communicating new arrivals and sales to customers (great Facebook updates). Brands run the gamut and can include Banana Republic and J.Crew next to Tory Burch and Chanel. What I like is that the owner and her team have a good eye for fashion, so they'll accept a lesser-known designer based on the item being on-trend and good quality. I think other consignment stores sometimes miss the mark by relying solely on the brand name no matter what the piece or price point.
Going to Fresh Threads is like pawing through your sister/best friend's closet.  The racks are full of clothes that are in great condition and in style.   That's all thanks to Juli, the fabulous shop owner.  She's got a great eye for what her customers want.  Items are priced right too, and the initial price drops every 30 days unless it sells first. I can always find a dress to wear to dinner or a cute top here. There's also jewelry, purses and shoes to complete the look. Plus, you'll spend much less than you would at the mall, and you'll leave with twice as much!!
Just visited this store for the first time and the selection and pricing is fantastic!! I wish there was a store like this in Maryland where I live, our consignment stores just don't compare!
The owner is heavily involved in customer service and loves her store! The location is a small but with a great selection, and intimate boutique feeling ! I picked up a perfect condition seersucker Banana Republic Blazer here for $30, that I know retailed for $300+. I've also score Diane Von Furstenburg Wrap Dresses for $44! YES! Tory Burch Bags in fantastic quality selling for 40-60% off retail. Just terrific! They are also on Facebook, Instagram and they have a website! Great location, great product, great business.
I love this store because a) the selection is fabulous and I always manage to find something affordable and unique every time I go b) the owner, Juli, is so helpful in finding things she thinks I might like or she knows I haven't seen yet c) she's always posting new photos on her Facebook page and offering special discounts for Facebook fans!   Hands down my favorite consignment shop.  Not to mention the adorable mascot, Lily, her chihuahua   :)
I just got a new pair of designer jeans for such a good price!!  Ask about new merchandise in the back, not on floor yet!! Great deals!! Great service!!!
Fresh Threads Designer Consignment is a fashion forward boutique that carries the latest in designer fashion at extremely affordable prices. The shop is located in south Tampa on MacDill in the St. Croix plaza. It has a boutique feel rather than a consignment store feel. The clothes hang beautifully organized on wooden and felt hangers and is color and size coded. You will find high end designers here such as Dior, Gucci, Prada, Versace, Escada, Hermes, Chanel, LV, Chrome Hearts, Tory Burch, Trina Turk, Missoni - just to name a few.
This is a great consignment shop.  Lots of beautiful things for guys and gals!
I almost don't want to write a review because I don't want the secret to be out. What a great place! Some of my best and most complimented dresses have been bought at this store for a fraction of what they would cost new. The clothes are in style and well taken care of. Make sure you friend them on Facebook as they update daily with photos of new items. If there is something you want but can't make it to the store just call them and they will run your card and have it waiting for you when you get there. Happy Shopping!!
Juli the owner is very nice and from what I've seen all of her customers love her. The store is nice and clean and doesn't feel like it's overloaded with junk. It looks as though she takes onlybthings of the highest quality so it ensures her customers have a good shopping experience.
Fabulous place to find great designer labels at awesome prices. The owner delivers great customer service. One of my favorite places to shop in South Tampa.
