After being disgusted with paying high prices for mediocre clothing in pretty hostile and messy shopping environments other stores, I was elated when a friend took me to lord and taylor. Their selection is excellent for all LADIES. When they have their FINAL TAKE sales, you can make out like a bandit!!
5 stars for the staff, atmosphere, yummy candles and decor. 3 stars for the price (clothes) I love wandering into anthro and browsing the clothes and home decor. Everything is perfectly laid out and everyone who works there is helpful and friendly. The place always smells amazing because of their top-notch collection of candles which I can never resist stocking up on! I rarely buy clothes here because of the price tag but I love seeing all of the cute trinkets, books, aprons, etc. It doesn't feel like shopping, it almost feels like an interactive museum because everything is so beautiful! I wander in here at least a few times a month and I always leave with a few things in hand and a long wish list!
Went in to Anthropologie as it is a usual haunt for essentials -and I had a gift card - woo hoo!  Left with mixed emotions and mostly not anxious to return, when normally Anthro is a slam dunk great experience.  Sadly, here's why... Store Layout / design / ability to find items more difficult than most Anthro's - whether your experience comes from a large/major city or smaller shop. The most frustrating aspect was the mixing of "forever 21" style items (let's face it long time devotees, they have sacrificed quality to bring in lower price points) with the unique/ boutique styles - forcing professional and more mature shoppers to sift through all the "junk". This store does not carry higher end jewelry, specialty handbags, or shoes Notably absent was anyone approaching 40 or above to assist mature shoppers - who in my first observation - made up the majority of those in the store during the week day I was there.  This was the first time I noted the bias at any Anthro store. Also, I was taken back that a young man was assisting in the dressing rooms.  He was sweet, respectful, and perfectly nice. This is obviously not an issue for the less reserved, I simply note it so sensitive shoppers are aware. Additionally, while the store was *fully* staffed with respect to shopping and restocking activity, it was a surprisingly long wait to purchase - there was only ONE girl at the cash register.  The woman behind me was not happy either. On the upside, I had help from an amazing girl who could be my next personal shopper and I adore that.   Once I recover from the disappointment, I'll try again and hope to post an improved 3-4 star rating!
Such a cute store. They keep it really well organized and I love all the trinkets, home décor, books, and clothes, however the pricing is ridiculous. I love to stop in and look but never buy anything (unless it's on sale) because the mark up on everything is crazy in my opinion.
God damn this store. I love Anthro so much. Stores like this are created for people like me. Actually, no. Stores like this are created for people like me, who also have more money than me. It's exactly my style, which is to say it's an amalgam of styles, all wrapped up in a boho little house on the prairie-esque ribbon. I love and want pretty much everything. My wallet, on the other hand, can afford pretty much nothing. A $130 top? Hold on a sec while I go hang myself. That or sell myself on the street corner so I can afford that adorable $400 jacket you so innocently tempt me with. Sidebar: I'd like to think if I had to resort to hooking, I'd be just like Julia Roberts. Hooker with a heart of gold and killer hair. One can only dream. Oh Anthro. Why must you be so fantastic and expensive? Please lower your absurd prices so I can stop weighting the pros and cons of taking up a career as a stripper. Until then, see you at the sale racks.
Stopped by with my wife but this isn't a store for men.  My wife loves this store and they have a lot of nice things but I spent half the time outside while she tried on dresses.  The staff were very helpful and even recommended a dress for my wife that she eventually bought.  I'm sure I will be back at some point if we come Hyde Park Village.
So many cute things and tons of cute clothes. This is the only Anthropologie I've been to. I love the stuff, but it's so expensive. I've never bought anything, but I love looking. The place smells great. One thing to note is some of the beauty products are overpriced here. For example, rose bud salve in a tin and a tube are MUCH more expensive here than they are at Sephora (I think other beauty stores carry it to). There are other examples, but I just can't remember them.
Old looking place, Their stuffs all look like stuff, the decor is like stuff on top of stuff..... We bought some stuff, They were pretty good. I'm Used to stylish and up to date Decor.  After 4 minutes I wanted to get out because of all the stuff on top of stuff..... hehehe a stuffy place? The Sales people are attentive, and very nice. I'm Confused.....What does Anthropologie have to do with selling this stuff?  I know that logy = scientific study of, anthropos = human being.  selling this stuff does not contribute or clarify the study of human being.
Anthro is always a favorite store and one of the reasons I fly back to the mainland! This store is clean, gorgeous and stands out as having one of the biggest sale sections I have seen! The store is divided half and half: Home Goods and clothes/Jewelry. both of these sections are combined together in the sale department at the back of the store. The service is stellar and sales people are always more than willing to help without being pushy and annoying. The dressing rooms have plenty of space and comfy chairs and there are couches up front for the unwilling male shopper to rest while you spin around in an overly expensive antiqued twirly dress....
Love this place!  I love the whimsical prints, unique designs,  distinctive Anthropologie scent that lingers in the clothes when you take them home, and no hassell return policy.  A lot of dresses come with pockets which are a great!  They do free shipping from the warehous if ordered in store.   The Tampa store is not as big as the NYC or San Francisco stores which have rooms devoted to sales.   The only thing keeping my rating a 4 instead of a 5 is that numerous dresses, shirts, and skirts, have required me to resew the hems!  Seriously,  dresses with original asking prices of $150+ should not fall apart after the first few washes in the handwash cycle and require stitching and I've had a few items get holes in them, too with infrequent wearings.  But still,  it's my favorite store ever!   On Black Friday, they gave out poppers containing prizes and I won $100!  Can't beat that!
Yes this is your typical Anthropologie, but this store embodies the Old Hyde Park atmosphere I remember.  This place belongs with the other shops and restaurants in the area.  Of all the Anthropologies I've visited, this place has great chances of good sales after Christmas and other times of the year they hold sales.  I used to think I'm so special because I know of unique stores like Anthropologie that no one else knows of or shops regularly.  Then I moved to a bigger city and I became wiser. *sigh* Such as life in the eyes of a teenager......
I gotta admit I love this place - and love it more for being next to Restoration Hardware. Where RH is spare, clean, uncluttered - anthropologie is the opposite. Cluttered, fancy, visually a riot of color... and yet, it works. If you are doing a house renovation, this place, unexpectedly, has interesting glassware, door and drawer pulls, and stuff for walls and baths. Plus, I seriously need to find a (new) girlfriend who looks great in these filmy, frilly fabrics.
All the stuff you could probably find in a thrift store/Amazon/Etsy; all priced to sell to people too lazy to do the work, and find it in aforementioned places. The staff was extremely helpful, I  literally had a personal shopper that helped me find my entire Christmas list; now that's customer service!  Pricing is what you would expect, but search the sale/clearance area for good finds.
I love this store! It's not unlike any other Anthropologie, but they have amazing sales at this one in particular with items I have been drooling over but were sadly not on the website any longer. The staff was super attentive and helpful when I went in and made me feel really welcome. I'll definitely be back!
I like to imagine that heaven is just like Anthropologie... Vintage tea sets, embroidered pillows, and adorable dresses and clothes!  Every nook and cranny in the store is adorably decorated with books, French soaps, bedding and knickknacks.  The prices are extremely steep and the majority of the store is outside of my budget, but if you are patient there are tons of great finds on the clearance racks! Expect dreamy, fairytale dresses, sparkly jewelry, and vintage inspired trinkets at Anthropologie.
While it's not the largest Anthropologie I have been to, it's wonderful that it's here. I want to move in, plain and simple. The antique furniture, the vintage inspired linens, the apothecary section and the oh so incredible selection of kitchen accessories make me smile each and every time. The clothes are stunning, the jewelry unique and the selections to die for. I really wish I could move in, no joke - sans people walking in. Take your time when you visit. So much to look at and imagine it all in your abode. Also welcoming is that the sales people are super nice, they are definitely NOT pushy. That makes it 5 stars in my book.
Best. Store. Ever. Don't know why I bother shopping anywhere else. The prices are a bit heart-stopping, but the quality and timelessness of the clothing, accessories and jewelry make them worthwhile. Whenever I am looking for something specific, I try other stores, but always, always end up back at Anthro. The salespeople are extremely helpful, the sales rack is large, and the rotating clothing beautiful. Love the kitchen, bathroom & bedroom accessories, as well as the hair accessories and jewelry-- just love it all. If you're shopping for everyday clothes, work clothes, party attire, or anything at all, you can't go wrong with Anthro!!
I always take a walk in here when I'm in Hyde Park, it's interesting to see all the vintage and unique things that they have. I always find myself looking through the sales rack with the hope that I will find something that fits. Unfortunately they don't sale petite sizes so it's always a tricky situation. I have seen people with dogs inside the store, I believe it's pet friendly.
I love anthropologie and this is just like the other stores. great.  This is the only one in tampa so don't miss it.   My kids love this store they always find lots to look at and so do I.
