I had such a fun night celebrating a friend's birthday!  I'm not artistic AT ALL so I was a little worried about how mine would turn out but just like the instructor said, once I took a step back it looked pretty good! My friend had booked early so we had a private room.  She was able to bring in snacks for us and then we bought wine at the little bar they have. The instructor was great!  I was able to follow all the directions with only a little stress!  I'd love to go back and do another painting and maybe convince the hubby to do a couple's class with me!
Came here for a "Painting & Wine" event hosted by Ameriprise. I had a blast, the instructors was were, the venue is nice decorated. They served food and drinks during this event which was great. Great place for a date and to learn how to paint.
Went with some coworkers and had a great time! Everyone is super friendly and it felt like we were all close friends. I've seen many paintings from places like this and I thought it would be super easy. Needless to say my painting is a little crappy but I still had a lot of fun! Would definitely do it again. This location isn't BYOB like some of the other locations.
This place is AMAZING! I'm not exactly the best artist in the world, but they actually explain what you have to do so you're not left in the dark. It is pretty pricy, however, but that's to be expected. I wanted to being my kid cousin (who's 12) to one of the doctor who painting nights (because she loves doctor who) however, the age limit was 16. They do have a bar, but with not only alcoholic beverages, but they have Coke and Sprite and stuff of that nature as well. One thing's for sure: I'll definitely be back!
From the time we walked in the class the staff were happy and upbeat. They were great at making you feel right at home. I had told them when I signed up for the class that is was my daughters birthday and they had her paint area setup with a balloon and a birthday hat and her paint plate said her name and Happy Birthday on it. They walk you step by step on doing your painting. We did so much laughing at ourselves.  They had some great oldies music playing to lighten things up. We both traveled out of town for this class but we will both look into taking one where we live. It is worth the money and the time to do it.
I recently attended my first painting class at Painting with a Twist after visiting many other classes around town. My initial impression was not very good... I called to ask if I could bring my teenage daughter to the class (it was the Dr. Who painting, the kids love Dr. Who...), but was told that 16 was the minimum age with no exceptions. Which is fine, that's their rule, but it is a crummy rule. Anyway, it did save me $35 and I went to the class anyway. When I arrived for the class I was seated separately from my friends. Not just separate, but in different rooms. Even though we were arrived very early and were some of the first people there the employees acted like it was a huge hassle to switch my seat to be near my friends. They really over-complicated something that should have been very easy. And there were plumbing problems. That really is not cool with me. The toilet wasn't flushing and there was no hot water in the sink. When you're drinking wine you really want functioning bathroom facilities. As for the painting, it was good. I liked the instructor a lot, she was very friendly and fun. Having a microphone made her instructions easy to hear and was a big plus for me. I think it would have been good for her to have a larger canvas to demonstrate on. She ended up bringing out a dry erase board to explain some things because it was hard to see what she was doing some times. Also there was only one assistant for the class and it was such a big group it would have been helpful to have a second person going around. I personally never got any feedback on my painting. Normally at the classes I have been to they are constantly circulating giving you pointers. I like the paintings they offer but I'm not too sure I'll go back. It just wasn't my favorite painting place so far.
I was always afraid to pick up a brush until I discovered PWAT. They make it so easy to not be an artist and still produce a fun, artsy painting. I took my son and we had a blast.
I have been here several times over the past several years specifically for the paint a pet classes so this review is based solely on those classes. These specific classes cost a little more than the regular classes but are totally worth it if you want a one of a kind portrait of your furry friend.  They sell out every time they have this class.  The fee includes the canvas, all paints and brushes for use, an apron to wear as well as class instruction. Classes take 3 hours and then some depending on how fast of a painter you are but no experience is necessary. Once you sign up, you have to email a clear photo of your pet to the business email and one of the instructors takes the time to sketch out the pet photos each on its own canvas. That way, when you arrive for the class, the canvas is ready to go and ready for you to outline and fill in with color.    The instructors walk you through, step by step, on how to tackle your portrait from outlining to conveying the "sparkle" in your pups eyes and the wetness of their noses! They are very patient and take the time to walk around and make suggestions with no judgment. They were my saving grace when I would get frustrated with where my photo was going.  I could not survive these classes without these valuable people. Kudos to Michele and Jessica for all of your help on my most recent visit.  My portrait of our dog, Wally, came out fantastic! They also play cool 80's music and have a bar where they sell non alcoholic and alcoholic drinks but you are free to bring your own.   Also, don't forget to pick up a frequent painters card and when you check in on FB/Yelp you get an additional punch on your card.   I highly recommend this venue for a fun girls night out, date night, birthday party, etc!!!
Had a blast, taking part in the New York, 3 hour painting class. This was for our anniversary and it figh Upon entering, we had a very friendly welcome from the staff. We booked our reservations as Singles, since couples were full. All that really meant though was we were painting the same photo, where couples were painting two different halves of the painting. The canvas had predawn lines, which simplified the painting a little. The artist . kept us busy the whole time and the time really flew by. They also had beer, wine and beverages. You are allowed to bring food too. After the 3 hour class, I now have more confidence to paint again and really had a blast with learning, applying creativity and listening to the 90,s music
I really like this place. Painting isn't my favorite of the arts but this place makes it fun. I've painted five paintings here. Two were paint your pets which were the most challenging. The staff is friendly and helpful. You can bring your own snacks to eat but they prefer you buy drinks there. They have alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks. Each class takes about three hours. They play music and try and provide a fun atmosphere. I like to think of it as kind of like paint by numbers without the numbers. On the regular paintings it's pretty hard to mess up. If you get enough friends together you can even have a private party. I only remember having an issue once, they were super booked and I forget to read all the instructions and it was hard for me to get seated next to my friends but generally they are pretty accommodating. They'd also have a frequent painter card and do drawings to win free options to paint.
This place is great fun! I got a group of friends together and we all went for my birthday. The activity was pretty economical at around $35 for a two-hour session which included instruction, paints and the canvas to take home. Everything was set up and ready to go as soon as we got there. We donned aprons and followed the step-by-step instructions to create our masterpieces. I was really impressed with how similar all of our paintings were by the end. The step-by-step instructions are very easy to follow! I can't wait to go back, so I've been watching the calendar on their web site to see which paintings are coming up soon. I would highly recommend Painting with a Twist for a date night, girls' night or just about any celebratory occasion. So much fun!
I've been here a couple of times, and had a wonderful experience each night. The concept is pretty cool: You pay $45 (online via their website) and show up to a blank canvas and a palate of paints. The instructor teaches you, step by step, how to paint your own masterpiece! Even if you aren't artistically inclined, you will walk away rather impressed with yourself. I know I was. The two classes I attended were the "Tuscan Landscape" and "Night at the Colosseum" - but you can check their online calendar and see what they have planned. They even have example pictures/paintings posted up on the calendar so that you can exactly see what type of art you will be bringing home. The owner and instructors are very helpful and funny, and they also double as bar backs, taking your cash in return for glasses of wine and bottles of beer. Who doesn't want to paint whilst tipsy? All in all, if you are looking for an alternative to slinking around at the bar, come and drink here... it's great for a night out with girlfriends, or even a fun date. I'm bringing my boyfriend next time!
Amazing place for charity events and hanging with friends. They make even the worst painter look good! The bar is an added touch... helps take the edge off. I sat across the room from my friends and managed to make new friends next to me:)
First timers, and what a time we had.  We really enjoyed this, nice folks, decently priced beer and wine to get the creative juices flowing, a sound track you can sing along too, and some helpful artists who can somehow make totally untalented people such as myself create something cool to take home.
Best night out. My boyfriend suprised me with a couples night. We both created a painting and they matched when hung up. I am a novice painter, but hes never painted before and he did awesome. The teacher was super.friendly and able to make it a step by step process. Cant wait to do it again with the girls!
Recently held a corporate team building event / fun night out at Painting With A Twist and it was a tremendous success.  I was initially a bit concerned that the space may be too tight for my group of 47, but it worked beautifully even with all the food we catered in.  From the initial contact when I inquired about the venue through the planning and night of the event, the owner and her entire staff was a pleasure to work with.  Professional, dedicated, engaging and clearly enjoying what they do and determined to make each event a success.  Can't wait to return and I encourage everyone to experience this Painting With A Twist location - whether an individual, small group of friends or corporate event.  Great fun.
Love, Love, Love! Plan on returning many times. Staff is great. Thanks for a good time ladies.
