I'm fairly new to the area, looking to outfit my new apartment, and was pleased to find this shop. Nice selection and friendly, helpful staff willing to explain how to care for even the simplest of plants. As another reviewer mentioned, things may seem expensive at first, but I think it's worth it for the quality and integrity of product and service. Love supporting local business!
I'm glad I didn't write a review right after purchasing my terrarium. It would have been a four star review and it would have been undeserved. I bought a large terrarium, in February, after a few weeks one of the plants inside went crazy. New fern stems or whatever you want to call them, started popping up all over and it no longer looked at all like I did when I bought it, so I brought it in and she trimmed it. No charge, just the inconvenience of having to bring it in. Then there was an issue with tiny black flies(they had wings) on the inside; I had to bring it back in again. Keep in mind it was still cold, the lid hadn't been taken off, and I hadn't seen a fly, in my house for months, so they didn't come from my place. The owner administered something(neem) to get rid of the flies, which it did, seeing I didn't see anymore. However tiny snails started coming up from the soil, I guess whatever she put in there bothered them as well. I took the snails out as I saw them. Then the fern died about a month later, well it turned brown and the owner said she would have to replace it. She says it must not have gotten enough light, then at the pickup she said maybe it got too much. Anything to basically place blame on my end. When I had followed the instruction sheet she had given me, from day one. Finally the entire inside molded over, brought it in and was told the contents would need to be removed entirely and that there would be a small fee. Fine, whatever. 2/3 weeks pass and no word, so I check in with her and she says she tried to treat the mold but it didn't work, so she would replace the insides..after she went on vacation. Thought she was going to do that in the first place? After a month Dawn, finally finished fixing the terrarium. The small fee is $50.00 for maybe $10.00 in plants and two small geode halves. Seeing the terrarium itself was $190.00, I don't think $50.00 is a "small" fee. It's almost a quarter of what it costs new. It also took a month to do something she fixed in a few days, given the time she told me she would be on vacation and the time she would have it ready, about four days after her return. I'm thinking it just sat there for weeks, or maybe she did try to treat the mold in which case she should have said so in the first place. I don't know if I got one with bad, infected soil, or the wrong plants, but I don't think I should have had so many problems. I was planning on gifting a couple terrariums, but I wouldn't want anyone to have to deal with the hassle, should something go wrong. If there are any other places in the Albany area that make them, let me know.
The Botanic Studio is easily a new favorite of mine to come to the Troy area. The owner, Dawn, is incredibly friendly. Her art is amazing. I have truly never seen anything quite like it. As an artist myself who has lived in many talented cities, I find her work incredibly unique and beautiful. She even mentioned to me that she has decorated weddings with her art. How neat! A true gem in Troy, NY. Would highly recommend stopping in and seeing her art. You'll find other treats while enjoying her terrariums; she also carries a great line of candles that you won't find anywhere else in the capital district.
i actually went back and got a christmas present for someone.  i am a plant killer and the owner gave me a pep talk that i could do it and that all i had to do was put it some place with some sun light and water it once or twice.  are the creations a little pricy upon first glance? yes, but they are each their own thoughtfully created piece of art.  they will even do exchanges of live plants!   and from what i understand there has been no catastrophic mass death even after i touched stuff in the store twice. This place is awesome.
Tons of cute terrariums and other indoor decorations.
Awesome store. Absolutely incredible in it's simplistic design, natural lines, and feeling of absolute tranquility when you walk in. Bought a cute tillandsia plant with a glass bulb hanger; the price was more than reasonable. I only wish that I had bought a terrarium; they were truly beautiful!
