I'm going to start out saying, me giving a place a five star rating means they legitimately have blown me away in every aspect every time I go. This place earns this title from me. I found this place through a recommendation and came on a slow night the first time. Their bartender was extremely nice and attentive to any needs and we enjoyed our wine. She was also very social but, never fake and forcing conversation, it was natural and comfortable. The ambiance is perfect, nice and cozy and great mood lighting, perfect little tables for two in the back for romantic dates, and a nice wrap around bar for seating as well as some outside tables for people like me who enjoy sitting outside during this nice weather. The second time I came, they had this fantastic live singer who sung everything from jazz, to pop, country and everywhere in between. The bar was BUSY, but, the same bartender from before (whom I now figure either owns this place or works there everyday all day) still gave the same great attentive service. The crowd also were the best people to be around. Everyone was just there to enjoy this live performance and everyone was chatty with everyone else in a very comfortable way. The third time I came, the bartender knew me by name, knew which wine I was looking for, set me up very nice outside and continued to check on me and talk to me for the duration of my stay. The fourth time again, the live singer with the same great crowd and still the same great service and ambiance. I am emphasizing the amount of times I've came to this place and have been 100% satisfied because that is something extremely difficult to do in any service industry. Sometimes something slips and it takes away from that experience. Not ONCE in the four times I've come here be it busy or slow have I received anything less but a 100% perfect experience from ambiance, to service and everything in between. This place is fantastic and I'm glad I found this gem tucked away in a nice quiet area. Kudos and A++
This place is awesome. It's like Cheers with only wine. Great local spot for peeps in the Dr Phillips area.
If you're looking for a cozy wine bar in Orlando, you've got to check out The Vineyard Wine Bar Orlando located in the Cascades of Isleworth. Friendly staff, relaxing atmosphere and great drinks.
Perhaps small, but tons of charm.  The Vineyard is well decorated and even this late at night there was an impressive songster playing his guitar...and guests were dancing a little bit.  Very friendly staff with a an array of drinks to choose from, the Vineyard was a surprising gem next to Publix.  There was definitely and older crowd, and an older crowd having a lot, and I mean A LOT, of fun all around us.  There are really only peanuts as a food item, but we certainly enjoyed this "nightcap", and so will you.
Love this place!  Always a great experience...great place to relax and unwind!
This is a very neat little wine bar (with tons of character) tucked into the corner of Publix strip mall near the corner of Apopka-Vineland and Conroy-Windermere.   In all honesty, I'm not the most well versed wine aficionado despite my enjoyment of it.   They have a porch area out front then a bar area as you walk in with a few tables in the back.  Its a very cozy place with nice appetizers, a cigar selection and what appears to be a broad wine selection.  This will be a place my wife and I will come for a pre or after dinner glass of wine and appetizers.
Wow!  The worst service I've ever had.  I'm used to the Wine Room in Winter Park...NO comparison!  Super cute place but the service ruins it.  Most of the time the service is wasted and only serves their friends.  It is hard to even get them to bring you the bill or acknowledge that you want another drink.  They usually over charge or under charge us as well.  Also, all of the food is pre-made/pre-packaged.  They also have an older crowd.  It could be soo much better!
