This is a fantastic botanical gardens. I have been to many throughout Florida and this is one of my favorites. We got to enjoy a great display/exhibit, "Colors of the tropics" which is currently running 10/17/14-11/7/14. Besides the exhibit there was a wonderful bonsai garden, bamboo garden and much more. We did stop at the cute cafe and got a scrumptious oatmeal cookie and refreshing green to share. All in all it was a wonderful afternoon annoying the beautiful relaxing gardens.
I went with my mom to one of the outdoor concerts that the Marie Selby Botanical Gardens hosts on 10/12/14. Overall I enjoyed my experience at the gardens. The concert had a nice vibe with people talking, reading and children running around. The gardens also has folding chairs available for anyone who is listening to a concert which was a nice touch. As other Yelpers commented I don't think you can take a bad picture at the gardens. It is quite stunning. I can see why it is a popular place for weddings. After the concert we walked around and stubble upon the museum where they have an exhibit of "silks" which were beautiful and unique (at least to me). I knew nothing about the art of "silks" until I went to the exhibit. My mom (who was an art student) was a great person to explain the craft to me. She also explained how dangerous it was by telling me a story how she almost set her apartment on fire back when she was in college. However with all that being said there are things that can be improved on. The big one is the price. I know the Marie Selby Gardens are private. However even with my mom having an annual membership it still cost me $5 to listen to the concert and walk around. The concert acoustics were also not great. It was a small  3 piece band (primarily covering Beach Boy songs) and their sound did not carry well unless you were right in front of them. Although, I liked the Tea Shop it felt a little out of place for me next to the museum. If you get a cup of tea there is also nowhere to sit down.
If I had to pick my 3 favorite things to see in Sarasota, the Marie Selby Botanical Gardens would be in that list, along with Lido Beach and Ca D'Zan, the crown jewel of Sarasota.  I am not sure why some are saying it is small, it's over 14 acres, a reasonable size, and packs in a lot of things to see.  It is mostly focused on epiphytes, especially orchids and bromeliads.  The Gardens reportedly maintain the most diverse collection of bromeliads in the world, and feature over 20,000 plants from some 6000 species, while bordering Sarasota Bay and the Hudson Bayou neighborhood of Sarasota, so in addition to beautiful plants, you are provided with beautiful bay views.  Impressive. On the grounds of the Gardens is the Christy Payne House.  Many people mistakenly assume that this mansion is the Selby mansion, but it is not.  After all, it is on Selby Botanical Gardens property. But the large two-story house that overlooks Sarasota Bay, was built in 1934 for Christy Payne as his retirement home.  Christy Payne's father, Calvin M. Payne, was one of the original group that aided John D. Rockefeller Sr. in building his giant business, Standard Oil of New Jersey. One photographed home, the Franklin Jones House in Sewickley, Pennsylvania was said to be the model for the Payne house.  It is currently used to house exhibits of paintings and photography, usually related to botany. Nice breezes can be felt from the bay, especially if you venture through the boardwalk, though I must warn you that due to the humidity and all the plants at the Gardens, insect repellent is a must, unless you want to be left full of bumps all over.  You will most likely see some wildlife from the bay or boardwalk, so have your camera ready! There is a carriage house that provides complimentary tea tastings (the teas were delicious, by the way - they had 3 different varieties) and the tea is available for purchase as well, a restaurant on site, a rainforest with playground for kids to play in (and a cool suspension bridge and tower, meant for kids but still, we childlike grown-ups can also enjoy it!), and a tree hugging area, which makes for a cute photo.  The gift shop had plenty of beautiful items, from jewelry to books.  I was very tempted to buy some of the jewelry, but it was not cheap. Keeping with the zen theme and feeling of relaxation and meditation that a garden should inspire, is a Buddha statue, a koi pond, tall, dense bamboo, and a stone sculpture where you put your face in and hum, until you find the perfect pitch that reverberates throughout your body.  There is a cactus garden, as well as a bonsai garden, with many varieties.  There are some exotic flowers I have never seen before, like Hoya, one of the most beautiful flowers I have ever seen, so that alone makes this trip worth it.  The greenhouse has beautiful orchids on display, as well as pitcher plants, a corpse flower, and other visually pleasing plants and flowers.  Don't forget to visit it before leaving! Admission, as of 2014, is $19 per person, which is not exactly cheap, but the money goes toward botanical research, and that's enough of a good justification for their prices.  There are free tours led by docents, which are very knowledgeable on all the plants, their names, and growing habits, and all the employees at the front where you purchase the tickets are very enthusiastic and happy to be there as well.  As I stated, if you have a love of plants, nature, and wildlife, then Marie Selby Gardens is a must! It has been used as a backdrop for many a wedding, so if you're looking for a nice place for a wedding location, I'd recommend this over say, the Gamble Plantation, just consider a fall or spring date to avoid the high heat and humidity (and probably some of the mosquitoes, as well).
I always love coming here when I am in the area.  I have been here at different times of the year and it's great to see the different foliage.  I have been there when it has been overloaded with orchids and it was truly original to see. I cannot say that you will spend a full day there but it is a truly worth a visit.  In addition to whatever may be in bloom at the time as well as some very colorful tree frogs.
Love this place. Every time I'm in Sarasota I come to the gardens. They have an amazing Japanese section filled with bonsai trees. Some are older than 15 years. They also have a greenhouse filled with tropical plants. It's a decently sized area with much to look at: bonsai trees, cacti, palm trees and more. It's a little pricey but worth the money. After you're done with the self tour you can go into the gift shop. There you can either buy some plants or you can purchase some souvenirs like wind chimes and so on.
Makes for a really enjoyable afternoon. They have extensive grounds which you're able to walk. There are tons of benches around for you to sit and take in the view, enjoying the breeze that comes off the water. There's a tea cottage where you can taste a few teas and order one to go while walking around. There's a butterfly garden that is filled with beautiful butterflies. I most enjoyed the coi pond. They sell coi fish food and clearly these guys are used to getting fed as when I sat down on the bench by the pond they all came over. It's a beautiful place and I'm so glad I went. Currently one of the greenhouses they have a Corpse Plant which smells like rotted meat to attract it's food. It wasn't in bloom so it didn't smell while we were there but it was really interesting to see none the less.
We loved it!  Yes, it is compact, but very well designed to make maximum use of the space.  Plants and trees are beautiful, and many layered so make sure you look up to notice plants growing on high branches of trees. Many places to sit and take in the waterfront views.  At the koi pond we saw huge blue herron sitting high up in tree.  Docent said he swoops in and feeds on smaller fish after dark.   Terrific variety of orchids, and children's rain forest is not to be missed, even by adults without kids. Appreciated that docents were stationed throughout gardens, ready to answer questions or give directions. Make sure to stop at cafe for great coffee, and rain forest cookie that is to die for.  Highly recommend.
I really enjoyed our visit here.  It's a beautiful place nestled along the bay in a residential area. I was content to slowly wander and enjoy the peaceful scenery along the wandering pathways that peek out along the shoreline from time to time, offering a breezy view across the bay.  I suggest taking one of the tours that are offered, as they are an opportunity to learn a great deal about the gardens and a number of the plants they care for.   We visited the tea shop in the carriage house and found ourselves leaving with a couple of bags of delightful loose leaf teas.   If you at all enjoy gardens, plants or nature, I would say it's worth a stop.
Arrived two minutes early and went inside only to be told very rudely that they were closed. I was escorted outside and told to wait. Once they opened five minutes later. I paid the twenty dollars and handed a map. Once I walked half way thru I discovered it was under construction and was not able to see the house or half the exhibits. The part I was able to see was not that bad however I will not return due to the staffs personality and their lack of knowledge. Not to mention they could have said they were under construction!!
*** Review based on customer service **** I am sure this place is nothing short of amazing based on the outstanding reviews, but I didn't get a chance to view the gardens so this is based on customer service experience only. Arrived 20 minutes prior to closing (due to traffic) on a Tuesday afternoon and whoever was working at the desk was so rude! I'm sure the last thing they want to deal with is having people hang out 1/2 hour past closing time, BUT that's not an excuse to be rude. My friend and I walked in to see if we could do a quick tour and got an attitude and were told we would have to pay the full $17 price per person. I would have considered it since I was playing tourist for the day; who knows if & when I'll be back in the area to visit again. But, the woman's attitude was such a turnoff and I just walked out. All things happen for a reason, because I was able to make it to a really cool car museum about 1/2 hour away :)
One of the most unwelcome developments in my life is an increasing fear of heights. I always had a fear of bridges. I went to a psychologist for hypnosis therapy which did make bridges tolerable as long as I am not stuck on one in heavy traffic. If anyone has driven from St. Pete to Sarasota he knows where this is leading. The greatest terror in my present life is the Sunshine Skyway Bridge. I clutch my rental car's steering wheel going at a steadily decreasing speed as I ascend that steep incline. My heart beats irregularly as my breathing quickens and sweat bathes my brow. I continue my journey as other drivers shake their fist at me, honk their horns, or shout threats. That is how much I love my destination, Marie Selby Gardens. The large grounds located right on the turquoise bay offer a more than pleasant afternoon. I have taken the guided tour, walked on the self-guided tour or just rambled as I wished. Many find the orchids the most worthy but I have spent enough time in Hawaii that orchids have become common to me. The paths leading by gardens and the water show me how beautiful the earth is. The giant bamboo is my favored plant. When I have been lucky and there is a wind I am in the world's largest wind chime and I know why chimes are constructed of bamboo. I see every age here and each of us will go home with our own memories of Selby Gardens. It is a rare place in that there are things to interest everyone. See the orchids or the roses by the sea or the bamboo or the tea house or the koi. Sit on a bench and smile at those who pass by as they surely will smile at you. How can you not feel good here? The damper for me as I sip my iced tea at an outdoor table, I know that damn bridge awaits. In my dining room I have a framed poster of an orchid show at Selby. If I die and go to hell I will hang a poster of the yellow bridge of horror on my wall in Satan land.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Anyone who is passionate about orchids or plants in general has to come here. I came here with my dad who finds my orchid/plant obsession quite odd haha. Anyhow he was fascinated by the diversity and beauty here!! Massive specimen size plants are all around the grounds, and there is this lovely banyan tree that I'd love to sit under forever. Oh and a lovely Koi poind how Zen. Funky little lizards hanging around the place. I didn't want to leave! I cant wait to come back and visit this beautiful place! Lucky Floridians!
Such a btissful, botanical idyll in the middle of a city. So I'll let you hover around my feet like no-seeums for another walk in the Gardens with me, courtesy of this review. How appropriate that my friend drives a bybrid.  We parked it on a dirt lot across from the Garden's gate. A smiling receptionist went along with the fun of our Let's Make a Deal ticket purchases.  We were glad to support the Garden at $17 PP, but we also enjoyed  going down the list of potentially free admissions offered by reciprocal membership programs with more than 200 Gardens across the US.  We asked about Naples Botanical Garden and were told that Naples dropped Selby last year.  Something about deciding in favor of revenue over freebies.  Educators can also slide in for free, but my friend didn't have her college faculty lanyard and laminated ID hanging next to her fashionable summer jewelry that day. The age of the garden specimens adds to the grandeur here.  It's been a Century since the first residents began planting, and decades since global varieties have been strategically placed on the grounds.  e.g., Elephant ears of caladium were waving  in the Gulf breezes at every turn during our visit.   No garden's complete without a koi pond.  Selby fashioned a lovely one.  A small, grey Buddha on its raised island base perpetually oversees a school of fancy koi.  They come like puppies to anyone lingering at the pond's edge.  A small waterfall cascades through foliage and rock.  A brass bell is available for anyone to sound. Bathrooms are clean, spartan, and about the coolest respite from the summer's humidity in the Garden. A 1920's bungalow built for Marie Selby on a vacated and filled-in limestone quarry has been renovated into a visitor's lounge and cafe.  Narrow, pine board floors are rich.  An accomplished caterer provides cellophane wrapped sandwiches and individual containers of salads.  I enjoyed a sweet couscous concoction and a cool, chunked gaspacho.   Coffee is a highlight here, with daily blends explained on hand-written signs.  This too is appropriate, considering that the brew is the next iteration of an adored plant. Tea has it's own house and gift shop, situated (appropriately) next to the Garden's maintenance shed.  Like tropical Thurbers, we were "amused by the presumption."   There were three tastings, with a rule about keeping the same thimble cup for each swig.  I've seen these plastic cups with drugs in them in hospitals.  imho, It's a short trip from hospital Rx to medicinal teas. aHa!  A boardwalk with nerve enough to span high tide and take you on a walk  between the mangrove roots.  Very pretty to stand here and see the clear water run from the tannin stain near the trees to the wide aquamarine of Sarasota Bay. Word's out in the gecko world, whose denizens have to regard Selby as the Vegas of lizard life.  They were scrambling everywhere.  Those that weren't running and leaping leaf to leaf, were posing to show off their orange neck flaps.  It's not just males who flaunt their stuff.  These lizards get Nature's equal opportunity sexy back. The showiest treasures are in the orchid house.  Meat eating pitcher plants with bird-dissolving enzyme baths grow next to rare, fragrant varieties of orchidae.   We ended our visit by stepping into the 1930s Standard Oil baron's home that neighbors Selby and is now part of the Gardens.  Built for an astounding $50k during the Depression , the house is restored  today and offered as a wedding venue and art gallery, featuring a Botanical Artist guild.
It's lovely and an afternoon well spent. The orchid exhibit alone is worth a return visit. My boyfriend and I walked the grounds for about three hours and we were very impressed. At the end of our tour, we sipped some of the hot tea samples which was welcome on a crisp afternoon! There are lovely benches throughout the gardens so one can sit and enjoy the surroundings. The orchids, though, were my favorite part of the walking self-guided tour of the gardens.
So serene.  This place reminded me how beautiful Sarasota is.  It's a very zen place for people to come, walk through or sit and stay a while at many of the different areas set up to take in all the beautiful and interesting plant life, trees and water.  Everyone is so friendly and respectful of the peace and tranquility. The little cafe was a pleasant surprise on the path.  It's in a cute little house with a counter deli and tables and chairs to dine at.  Everything is natural and fresh.  The green iced tea with a hint of strawberry was so good we came back and got a second one on our way out.
I love Selby Gardens. It's a gorgeous spot to wander around and appreciate the beautiful flowers and landscaping. It's also right on the bay. They rent out spaces for parties too - and they have special events sometimes. I'm a big fan of the twinkle lights they put up at night around the holidays. If I had gotten married in Sarasota this was on my top 5 list of places :) Also - I haven't been here since I became a picture-a-holic, but now that I see Katherine's review I might have to stop in with my camera next time I'm in town.
This is the best botanical gardens I have ever visited. I go every year, and it never gets old. They have done it so well, it is so beautiful, and even entertaining for people who get "bored" of plants. Everyone that works here is very friendly and enthusiastic. The gift shop is great, as well. I ordered a plant from here for my grandmother's birthday. It was very reasonably priced and they prepared it so well. They gave her the most beautiful pot and the most beautiful orchid. Her birthday is early June and it is now September and the orchid is still in bloom, beautiful as ever. The woman who helped me on the phone (maybe her name is Grace?) was so incredibly helpful. She met my price range and they even delivered. I recommend Selby Gardens for a beautiful visit and for some exceptional retail. I have only positive things to say about Marie Selby Botanical Gardens and highly recommend it for both visitors and locals.
Selby is tied with Siesta/Lido beaches and my Mom's house for my favorite place in Sarasota.  I love it so much that I came *this* close to choosing the Selby lawn for my wedding. The gardens are beautiful, diverse and well-kept and the staff is super friendly - they'll answer any question you have with a smile.  The collection of hibiscus varieties is impressive, as are the orchids and the mangrove walk.  The buildings are well-integrated into the landscaping and the views over the water are lovely.  One of the best spots in the garden is on a bench at the end of the lawn - under the Buddha tree . . . a light breeze blowing, watching the water sparkle . . . serious daydream material.
I went to see orchids, but the TREES stole the show! I'm an avid orchid lover and hobbyist, so I was looking forward to seeing the 6,000+ species of orchids at the Selby Gardens' greenhouses....and they were lovely. The real surprise, however, were the amazing trees....totally magnificent fig, mangrove, banyan trees and more. There are lovely benches placed all over the gardens...many soothing views of the harbor, relaxing moments in gazebos, visually stunning hibiscus gardens and more. You can zip through this whole garden in less than 2 hours, but I strongly suggest you leave extra time to sit in the benches and enjoy the views. The Moreton Fig Tree deserves at least 15 minutes of awe and love. I meditated by the waterfall near the koi pond, had a tasty iced green tea with strawberries in the air-conditioned wi-fi cafe, and picked up a sweet fuchsia colored orchid as a housegift in the gift store. Two notes: 1) If you are a member of the American Orchid Society, or another botanical garden, you can go for free and bring unlimited guests. 2) The greenhouses are extremely HOT AND HUMID! Dress as lightly as possible, wear comfortable shoes and if you have long hair bring a clip to put it up -- seriously, I think it was 100+ degrees in there.
My review is biased. I came here in January so there wasn't much blooming and it was a dreary gloomy day so that didnt' help. It is a nice little venue, for a tourist, I would like to think during the blooming period this place could be quite lovely. Nothing fancy, quite small, but a nice little retreat from the city around.
Came for the Lights in Bloom Festival and it is AMAZING. I had no idea Selby was so big so my expectations were quite low, but its massive and they had so many lights twisted to look like butterflies, dragonflies, flowers, or just around trees...it was so beautiful. Some of the lights were done to blink with music. The mansion is okay overall, but really pretty when all decorated for Christmas--if they decorate it for other holidays that is pretty great. They also had a band (we went on a 'jazz-ier' night I'm told) which was fantastic.
Well, wow is all I can say! On a rare day off with no chores we managed to escape St. Pete and go exploring for a day. We ended up at the gardens and it was amazing. You can definitely spend a few hours there easily if not more if you take time to grab a bite to eat in their cafe on the grounds or pop in to the tea shop (the woman running it is hugely knowledgeable about tea!). Tons of orchids dot the grounds including some uniqe varieties developed in-house by their horticulture team. Guided tours offer a bit of information about the gardens although they're run by volunteers so you never know what you'll get in terms of depth of knowledge. Overall a great place to go if you're looking to relax and sit back by the koi pond or in full view of the bay; or just to enjoy a nice walk while learning about some beautiful flora.
Selby Gardens is an absolutely beautiful venue... A must-see in Sarasota. I love the koi pond and butterfly garden, and the gardens are amazing during Christmas - Beautiful lights everywhere!
My boyfriend and I took my mother to see Lights in Bloom at the Selby Garden on one of their last day and we really had a wonderful winter wonderland time! Tickets are not cheap, $15 per person for non-members. I don't know about members, you'll have to call in and ask. Anyway, it must have taken the employees to put together all the lights and decorations a long time because it turned out spectacular. If you missed it this year, mark it on your calendar for next. Make sure to wear comfortable shoes because you will be walking a lot. There will be food, popcorn and BBQ there if you want to eat but we had eaten dinner before attending. The lines may seem long but it moves quickly. Definitely great for large groups of family and romantic dates! Be sure to take your time walking everywhere, you definitely do not want to miss anything worth the experience!
Would give it 2-3 stars as it is not A-OK for the price. I am a seasonal resident of Sarasota and if I didn't have a membership so I could have a place to take visitors, I would not go.  17 dollars for admission is pretty stiff for the 45 minutes to an hour (tops) that I would spend here.  If you are an orchid lover, this might be for you.  There are lovely places to sit and look at the water.  A tiny cafe provides pre packaged sandwiches, etc. and tasty coffee drinks which can be taken to tables on the adjoining patio. Rotating/changing exhibits of various art works are on display in the lovely Selby house (they call it a mansion but I think that is stretching it). It is a nice place to visit but the prices for admission are out of line and the memberships have increased in price this year causing my husband and me to seriously doubt continuing to purchase one.  There are many other sites in Sarasota without such a hefty entrance fee.
A must see! The staff was nice and friendly and gave me the best route to take around the gardens. My favorites were the Koi fish and butterfly gardens. So many beautiful flowers too! Not bad for $17.
The Selby Gardens is a magnificent "small town" gardens done up in a big way.  The Greenhouse orchids, anteriums, succulents and fern-type plants are gorgeous.  The banyan trees and their roots are fabulous.  This is a photographer's paradise. The plants are "classified" (with signs).   They have lovely Sunday concerts (like Latin music on Cinco de Mayo) under the shady trees, a nice gift shop, a soon arriving rain forest.  For a $17 entry fee, they are a class act and doing great things.
What a treasure! We love going to Selby Gardens, just to stroll through the beautiful grounds. The plants are fascinating and gorgeous. We always enjoy the café for lunch. It's a lovely spot and the food is delicious. If you need a gift, the gift shop is full of unique, fun, beautiful gifts. If you want your gift to be really special, shop there! The new Children's Rainforest will be fantastic. We're looking forward to taking the kids to experience the adventure.
I've been going to Selby Garden's for as long as I can remember and I've never gotten tired of it. It is so beautiful, and the food is amazing at the little restaurant. The Garden's are always clean and picked up. You never seen any trash laying around and it is all very well maintained. When I was older, the map was very helpful as well and I love the informational tidbits they have on the signs throughout the gardens. My only complaint is that the staff (all technically volunteers) aren't very helpful and most of the time and aren't very familiar with the membership benefits if you are a member. I can't tell you know many times I have been asked by someone at the front desk when I bring a couple people with me, "Do these people live in the same household as you?" and every time I have to tell them that nowhere in the contract does it say that people I bring has to live in the same household as I do and I show them what the member benefits say on the website. They always try to correct me but I tell them every time that until the website is fixed, the company has to abide by what the website says. I have also submitted many complaint cards about this and the webmaster has yet to change it if this is true. Also, in the little restaurant, they never have anybody in there that knows how to run the cash register, so checkout always takes much longer than it should. So if you are looking for speedy efficient service, this is not the place. Selby Garden's is a very laid back environment. Despite the price, Selby is also an amazing place to have a wedding or a funeral. My mom and I wanted to have my dad's funeral there but it was to expensive. Although we did spread some of his ashes under the tree of enlightenment. Selby also has amazing events that I love going to. You also get a discount on certain events if you have a membership. Which is great and I always take advantage of that.
The cost of a $12, $6, or free admission ticket for children under 5 will buy you some time well spent in a 13 acre botanical garden nestled against the Sarasota Bay.  Its collection of bromeliads and orchids is the second largest in the world.  (London boasts the largest collection.)  It is nationally and internationally respected and welcomes thousands of visitors a year who'll undoubtedly enjoy the small, but calm inducing man made koi pond, art exhibits in the Selby House, the butterfly garden, the garden of succulents, the awesome and beautiful banyans throughout the property, a bodi tree where Buddha received enlightenment, enjoy views of the bay, and local wildlife.   Many photographers don't mind lugging their heavy Nikon accessories across the 13 acres because there is a photo opportunity at every turn.  A video shown in Cooley Theater will tell you, there are 20,000 greenhouse plants and 1,000 more outdoor plants and is one of Sarasota counties top ten attractions.  If you're a lover of green space, gardening, and peace visit Selby for the full experience.  I've posted pictures, but they lack the full sensual qualities that can only be experienced by a personal visit.  Oh, for those who must stay in constant communicado (even while you're on vacation) there is free internet access in the reading room.  You may sit there and eat your snack that was sold to you by a Thai girl so beautiful she should not be kept indoors.  She should be greeting the visitors, after all some of Selby's most beautiful orchids and bromeliads are courtesy of her country.  Enjoy!
We visited this garden years ago on our family vacation to FL.  This place was amazing and the fact that it was quiet and not crowded was a plus.  I think my mom loved the tropical garden because there were orange and fig trees.  Plus, the nice lady at the visitors center said that she could pick up the dropped fruits.  This place is tucked away and it is a treasure.  Besides being rather large, it has a diverse selection of gardens to visit and see.  We easily spent 1/2 a day here exploring the grounds.
Absolutely lovely botanical garden.  The lady who hands out the maps was SO helpful.  Great greenhouse as well as outdoor landscaping.  My mom would love this place.  I'll have to bring her next time we come down!
My mother, grandmother and aunt always rave about this place. When I visited Sarasota last month they insisted I go.  I pictured a small flower display on museum shelves, but was pleasantly surprised by these lushgardens.  The selection and variety of plants is impressive but the display of them really brings everything to life. The room with orchids felt like something from an old movie, with vines and flowers hanging off every possible surface. The various colors and collections caught my eye's attention with seemingly no dead foliage to be found. The grounds are much bigger than they appear when you arrive and abut the coast.  The view of the water from behind the pergola is fantastic.  When you go don't forget to look up; they put things everywhere.
Wonderful way to spend the day in Sarasota. Really enjoyed the walk and talk tour. Beautiful setting. Loved the koi pond and the amazing world class orchid collection. FYI- we were told the best orchid blooms are in February and early March.
Largest collection of epiphytes AND fabulous bay views?  I'm there.
Beautiful and serene, even after one of the nastier winters in memory. The admission is a tad high, but understandable in these trying econmic times. I was little put off by the lady in the epiphyte section who seemed to want to watch everyone as they took photos, but that's a minor quibble. This should be on any short list of things to see when you're down here...
This is a fantastic place, another Sarasota institution that keeps getting better with age. It is an old Estate home on Sarasota bay built circa 1920, though the home isn't the draw. What makes it special is the shear beauty of the gardens and the bayside setting. And if you even remotely like orchids...you will be overwhelmed with the diversity and sheer number. If you are a plant person it may be too much at times and you will need to sit down for a bit. Staffed by friendly folks and enthusiastic "volunteers", some of the volunteers are very colorful and add an interesting dimension to the visit. I would describe it as "lovely" - not a word I use often unless I run across a perfect Mai Tai.
Great place for kids to play safely in imaginative environment.  Love it in all seasons.
Beautiful bay views and gardens. Worth the $17 admission fee.
This place is amazing! A great place to get centered either by walking the beautiful gardens or just sitting on a bench by the bay! A fabulous place to have an event either on their grounds or in one of their buildings. The events Selby's offer are also fun to go to. Selby's Gardens should always be on your list of things to do!
World-class orchid collection.  Fantastic place for walking meditation.  or sitting - I recommend finding a bench under or near the bamboo trees by the Koi pond.
This place is amazing! Wow is right. Their orchid collection rivals the Hilo Hawaii gardens. And BEER! Great sandwiches to enjoy inside or out. The staff is so friendly and helpful, and nearly invisible until you need something. The CEO had just stepped out of a building and stopped to help us with directions! The carnivorous plants were my favorite.
I'm not the biggest fan of botanical gardens.  They often have crowded plants that will bloom some other season and uninspiring walkways that one drags oneself around.  Not so the Selby Gardens. Set on a lovely vista of Sarasota harbor one travels through a butterfly garden, a mangorve and baywalk, succlent garden, canopy walk, koi pond, hibiscus garden, conservatory and more. Lovely!  Well worth the $17- admission on a sunny Florida day. Closes at 5 PM,  2 hours is not enough, spend 4 or 5.
Absolutely beautiful!
Peaceful and refreshing place to visit. We take a picnic lunch and sit under the tree overlooking the bay. Orchids and exotic plants are incredible. Cute little cafe to grab a snack, lunch or a glass of wine.
We spent the entire afternoon strolling around the twenty or so garden spots. The plants and flowers were amazing. My personal favorites were the koi pond and the octopus tree. We took hundreds, yes hundreds of pictures between my two daughters and I. I wore out by iPhone battery. This is a must see hot spot in Sarasota.
Gardens is the word! There is great variety here: orchids, bromeliads, herbs, and much more! There is a "rooftop" garden and a tea shop with samples, delicious! Always worth a visit!
We were married in a beautiful outdoor ceremony at Selby on Nov 14, 2010.  The gardens are gorgeous and the staff at Selby were great.  Very kind and helpful - what more could you ask for?  The man in charge of events, Dan Johnson is very helpful and will work with you to make your event perfect.  He's very easy to talk to and is super helpful.  The cafe employees and other garden employees were great too.
I love that they have benches scattered all over the walking trails.  For someone like me who uses a cane for walking, this is very important as I need to rest once in a while.  I also love the fact that some of these benches are located in beautiful settings.  I love to sit on the benches overlooking the bay ... so wonderful to watch the goings on in the water as well as the birds wading, feeding and flying about.  Oh, and the cafe ... great food - and great staff.  The bread they use for their sandwiches are locally baked and very tasty.  As for the exhibits --- the orchid room, of course, stands out - especially that they have a flowering (when I visited) Euanthe sanderiana (aka Vanda sanderiana), a rare species in the wild.  It is the queen (which is I think a misnomer since orchid is Latin for testicle) of Philippine orchids and is popular for orchid breeders for hybridization.  .
We were able to get a AAA discount on site.  We did not have to go to the AAA Office like we did at Ca d' Zan.  We toured the property an I knew NOTHING of what we were looking at.  We were in the Butterfly Garden and did not realize it until we read the sign. Unfortunately it had been raining the day before and the Hibiscus had all dropped.  The plants were not at their best. The petunias in the Butterfly Garden needed to be weeded.  They were leggy looking.   As i walked around i kept thinking ow much nicer the plants could look with organic gardening like with the addition of rabbit mature, coffee grinds, banana peels, etc.  the greenhouse was very nice.  The orchids were beautiful.  When I'd finished pushing my mom's wheelchair around the property I went back into the front desk and asked for a docent tour they said the afternoon docent did not show up?  Seems like they coulda compted us for a different day, but I didn't feel like asking so we went back to the condo.
This is absolutely worth the visit.  A beautifully kept garden and greenhouse/conservatory.  If you like lush - orchids galore and bromeliads - not to mention the walk through the grounds with banyan trees, dozens of palm varieties etc., you will think this worthwhile as well.  At one point on the garden path, you get the opportunity to take a rest on benches overlooking the intercoastal.  I was very pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed it.
We live in Sarasota and always look for a reason to bring out of town guests to the Selby Botanical Gardens. It is a beautiful, peaceful respite when visiting or living in Sarasota. My whole family loves photography and we just finished watching  a photo show of flowers, orchids, the Koi Pond and birds at the gardens taken by my husband, daughter and out of town guests. Wow!!
