Terrible service. Bar was almost empty and the bartender just played ok her phone and the guy talked with customers. Took 10 minutes to get a drink. Smells to. But at least the location is good.
Nice location with outside bar. That's where the good things end. Service: Horrible at best. Getting a bartenders attention is a chore. They are nice, but are lacking in their service skills. *Worst part* BE CAREFUL USING YOUR CREDIT CARD!!!! A group coworkers of mine have had multiple extra charges on the credit cards from this place. MULTIPLE   I would NOT recommend this place. If you do go, use cash only.
Went there for the first time a few weeks ago.  It wasn't busy and the service was not great.  Put my card down for a tab and when we were leaving I asked for my tab, but my sister was going to put in on her card instead.  The bartender said no problem, ran her card and we left.  After the weekend I have a charge for $75 on my card, I call and explain there must have been a mix up.  Instead of being treated as a guest, I was told how long it would take the woman to look up the charge as she complained.  Turns out, when I asked for my tab the bartender gave me another persons tab and that was the one we paid.  So, at the end of the night my tab with my card was still open and I was charged yet again.  You would think a manager would be understanding to such a mix up, but instead all I heard was rudeness and was told that I was a liar.  I was standing in the office of the establishment with the proof of what happened and was told that I needed to seek out this other person to pay their tab in order to get my money back.  Wait, so I have to find someone I don't know and ask them to come forward and pay their tab so I can get my 75 dollars back?!  I've been in the restaurant business for years and I've never seen such awful management.  Guest service is no priority for them.  I got another call from the manager wanting to "make it right" but have not had another call returned since then.  So now I'm just OUT 75 dollars because their bartender handed me the wrong tab!  He never handed us an itemized receipt so how could we know the tab we paid was only 10 dollar difference...disgusting experience and I'm making sure I let everyone in the Sarasota area restaurant industry know what a shit hole this place is.  I will never return.
Went there last night to see a friend of mine who was the live entertainment. After we listened to the band play for a bit I had to go to the restroom. When I walked into the restroom it stunk so bad of urine that it was unbearable, not only that the walls were covered with graffiti with disgusting references to sexual activities. It wasn't just the bathroom the whole bar is covered in graffiti, I guess that's the look they are going for but it's very trashy looking. Now on to the drinks, I wasn't planning on spending a lot of money there I just wanted to try a drink to see if it was worth the time sticking around longer. The first thing I asked for was a Mojito, which they couldn't make because they didn't have mint. I then asked if the bar had any specialty drinks, the blonde bartender looked at my funny like my question was complicated. She said, "We don't have any specialty drinks but I can make whatever you want." I asked for a Margarita, she tried to sell me on a strawberry or other flavored kind and I said I just want a regular one.  She over poured the Tequila and under poured the Triple Sec, squeezed 2 lime wedges in there and added club soda to it. I've never seen a margarita with club soda before. She put it in the shaker and gave it 3 shakes, I wouldn't even call them shakes it was awful. She asked me if I wanted salt on the rim and I said if course. She pulls out a plastic cup and tries to salt it, that was a complete fail. She pours the drink without straining it and hands it to me, its warm and like I thought heavy on the tequila. That drink cost me $7.50. After a couple minutes I decided I want to send this drink back, I only had one sip of it. I talked to a different bartender and said to her that I'd like to get s different drink. She immediately said, "It sucks doesn't it?" Like she already knows about the problems with the other bartender. She then asked me who it was that made the drink. I pointed to the blonde bartender, the bartender I was talking to she shook her head and offered to make me a new one. I said I really didn't want another margarita and instead wanted a Sailor Jerry and Diet coke. She made it for me and proceeded to ring me up for it! I was returning the previous drink because it was awful but I got charged another $7.25 for this new drink. And by the way, it was over poured and tasted terrible. So congrats Old School, you made about $15 dollars from me last night. Too bad for you I'll never come back or tell any of my friends to go there.
My family member has been consistently over served at this bar.  The owner and bartenders have no concern for anything other than making a profit and a good tip.  Saturday the 26th they once again over served and allowed them to leave the bar with the intent to drive.  Instead they "tripped" and feel and literally broke their neck.  When I spoke to the owner he insisted that my that they are a part of the family.  Interesting way to show that....over serving patrons. Well good luck hanging on to your liquor license....I am coming at you all full force!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  All you had to do was cut them off and get them a cab, but oh yeah....that's not your concern.  Hope those tips were worth it.
A relatively new entrant to the downtown Sarasota scene. Old school is a combo of upscale dive and blues. The bar is modest in decor, but spacious with a two sided main bar that serves the interior and patio. Location is prime as it is connected to the parking garage. Food is your typical bar fare, and same of the service. But for what it's worth and it's location, old school definitely has appeal.
If you are lucky enough to get a server to notice you within the first 30 minutes after seating yourself without welcome, you might get your food in time to not miss the movie you ordered tickets to in advance (which you'll find was also a mistake). It's mostly what you would expect; greasy bar food. There's an amusing cheeseburger wrapped in two grilled-cheese sandwiches, but the frozen-not-fresh burger takes the life out of the gimmick quickly. Atleast the Packers pulled off an amazing win, or I'd have really had a crummy evening.
The dj was fantastic, but the service could not be worse. The bartenders are extremely slow regardless of how busy or slow the bar is. The first time I went one of the bartenders was adjusting her cleavage while taking our drink order which I find extremely inappropriate. The second time I went in a friend of mine asked for a shot, was charged for it, and then had to remind the woman to give it to him (who argued that he didn't pay for it). I had to wait 15 minutes to order a beer, then had to wait 5 minutes for her to figure out how to open it because she lost her bar key... Even though the beer had a twist off cap. After I received my drink I handed her my card which she quickly ran and gave back to me, I asked to close it out and she replied with "It will be a few minutes because I thought you wanted to open a tab." I had to wait 20 minutes and have multiple people ask for my tab before it was given to me to close. If you want great music and crumby service this is the place for you!
