Don't bother with Beneva. Although the ordering process seemed like a breeze, my mom didn't receive her flowers according to plan. She was on vacation with my aunts, and they addressed the flowers to Debbie, not Sue. I also had asked for there to be no roses included and for the bouquet to be very colorful, a similar looking arrangement to the 'Bright and Cheery" arrangement on the website.  What was received were pastel hydrangeas and, you guessed it, roses!  I never received a copy of my receipt until I had to call and ask and my card was also charged $15 more than I was quoted over the phone. Customer service "reviewed the tapes" and apparently I am a liar who did not make special requests and sometimes their receipts get lost in spam. Funny, because when I called and asked for the receipt to be sent it came to my inbox in less than a minute. And when I asked for them to play me "the tape of evidence" they couldn't. Businesses run on customer service. Although my mom received her flowers, they were not what I ordered. I was expecting someone to say "how can I make this right?" or "we will call the hotel and apologize to her for the confusion" but it never happened. After a too long conversation I was offered a gift card, which I would never use at this place. I was later offered a discount. Gladly taking that and not looking back.
Placed my order online after confirming they could do next day delivery of the specific item.  Received an email on the morning of delivery confirming "Your order has been received and processed for delivery."  This would seem to indicate no problems and that the delivery is on its way.   Much much later in the day, I received a call saying they were having problems finding someone to deliver in such a "remote" location.  One would think you wouldn't take an order if you didn't already have vendors lined up in an area?  By the time I received their message and called back, they were closed for the day.   Now my mom's birthday is over and she didn't get her delivery.  I'm expecting an apology and a full refund and hopefully a change to their policy to not take orders for places they don't actually deliver to.  By the way, it's not that remote.   If I could give zero stars, I would.  They may be great for local deliveries in Sarasota, but I would certainly not recommend for anything else. I'm editing to add that after contacting them, I did not receive an apology, but the order was cancelled and refunded.  First they told me that it would be an additional $40 to complete the delivery, even though it was already a day late.  Um, what?!? So you missed my mom's birthday but now I should pay more money??? Absolutely ridiculous.  On the plus side, they quickly agreed to cancel the order without any argument. I also felt that they were blaming me when I called and was told that they had repeatedly tried to contact me by phone and email and didn't get an immediate response.   I did not receive an email until the next day after the delivery was supposed to happen and I did call once I got the message, but they were already closed.  Even if I had responded, I would not have agreed to an additional $40. So thanks for ruining the tradition of flowers for my mom on her birthday.  I tried to give business to a family-run operation instead of the big robotic flower companies, and this is what I get :(
Easy
I have been using Beneva for years. Always great selection. Love the local specials under flowers on their website. We use them at work all the time too and delivery is prompt, professional and the flowers are always fresh and beautiful.
Always the freshest and on time
Almost used them for my wedding.  Glad I didn't as they were highly unprofessional!!!!!  Truly taken back at their customer service and lack of follow through.
The lady who answered the phone and took the order for my sons homecoming date flowers was very nice. The wrist corsage turn out pretty. The only thing is I did not notice until the corsage was home was that one of the roses had a little bit of brown around one of the petals. Overall the corsage was beautiful and the price was great! I was able to take that one petal off that had a little bit of brown on it. :) -update- I changed my review to a 5 star because after I made my review Art contacted me to let me know he appreciated our business - in fact, that means a lot these days! We will return for flowers in the future! What a great overall experience!
I ordered a tropical arrangement with a anniversary balloon for my wife's special day. She was in hospital recovering from surgery. The delivery was for a Sunday, they said no problem. They delivered late afternoon, with no balloon, they even messed the message up on this special day. They admitted they got the message wrong, the person on the phone agreed that the message did not even make sense. All they offered me was the cost of the ballon!!. I hung up on them. Beware if your using them for a similar occasion . Very disappointing. Won't use them again.
I wanted to send a tropical arrangement to Longboat Key. I was fortunate enough to use Beneva Flowers. Staff handled my request perfectly, sending an exquisite tropical arrangement. The arrangement was beyond my expectations! The recipient equally pleased.
Today I picked up my free order of flowers thanks to a flyer from ourtownamerica.com.  The staff was friendly and they had a lot of neat flowers my wife would probably like. Make sure you check-in on Yelp because it will unlock 10% off your first order.  You can use it when you go inside the store or save it for a future order. Beneva Flowers is currently running a Yelp deal - $10 for $20 voucher.
