I'm not big on some of the louder, perpetually overcrowded bars in DT Albany...especially the ones where the patrons don't look they belong in the actual bar...but its the place to be so that's where they are... Barrel Saloon is a good respite from that- its a simple bar...americana and country and fun...maybe a bit kitschy...but...can't beat a mechanical bull! PBR can specials are always a good idea...and they're always around here... bar tenders are super nice...attentive...and while Barrel does get crowded on Friday and Saturday nights...it never feels too crowded or that you're surrounded by peeps there for the scene and not for the actual atmosphere...and given most of the bars in Albany are night club musicesque..although I'm not a big country music fan...its a nice alternative to every bar that has the same music...
I was so excited to hear that there was a new bar opening, not only that but it was going to be a rock n' roll country bar. Oh heck yes. Lets get my cowboy boots and go. So I rounded up some of my girlfriends and we went out. The place is really nice, its got a bunch of tables and stools, and a nice outdoor patio like area with a bunch of picnic tables and some nice overhead string lighting. Theres also a mini upstairs area with more tables that overlooks the bar. Theres a cool stage which will be fun if they start having live bands. The bar is kind of small, if the place gets crowded I can see this being sort of hard to get too. The beer selection is good it's what I'd call grocery store beers. Its all stuff you can buy yourself, nothing fancy or microbrewed but thats fine. And its pretty cheap! 2 dollar pbrs and a bunch other low end beers. Then 3.25 for my favorite mic ultra. You can also buy some turbo thingy for 10 dollars and its 64 ounces of beer. Amazing. The only problem with going right when a bar opens is we ordered shots but they didn't have sugar or any thing to mix with stuff. Eek! they also have a sign saying "fishbowl birthday" but you can't get it..cause they don't have the stuff for that yet either. Disappointing. But this will clearly be amazing when its completed. Theres an Jukebox on the wall that probably needs work cause the sensor for the buttons are hard to press, but has a ton of music, The owner put in a ton of credits and then asked my friends and I to pick out a few songs, which was really awesome. Apparently theres going to be an ipod set up so that a jukebox isn't the only musical option but its not running yet. Honestly, this will probably be one of my favorite bars this summer. Although I do LOVE mircobrews and its hard to give them up, I do love country, I love drinking outdoors, and I love cheap beer. This place is a win-win-win.
Went in for a Yelp event. Super quiet inside on a weekday when Wolffs and Stout both appeared to be pretty darn busy. Nice enough for a honky tonk bar if that's your thing. Pretty typical crappy American beers selection. Nice huge outside area is a bonus when the weather is nice I am sure. The food was not memorable. Wings were edible but not great. I wouldn't go here for anything other than some country music & cowboy boots.
I stumbled upon the Barrel Saloon after Wolff's Biergarten down the street got too crowded.   There was a $3.00 cover which at first I thought was a little redic. but there was a band and they were very entertaining plus it seems as if $3 is enough to keep away the herds of people in the nearby bars.  BONUS. The age range was all over the place from 21-51, and everyone seemed to be having a good time.  Next time I am in town I will make this the first stop.
This is THE place to be!!!! Weekends for live music or during the week for a GREAT jukebox and drink specials. They got it ALL form a nice Chivas toa $2 PBR....Great staff and ambiance. This is the place u can take your girl and not have to muscle past 20 hoodrats to get in the door!! They've done an amzing job with an old bank that has lay domant for years. They market to a crowd that wants to HAVE A GOOD TIME!!!!! What more can you ask for. Ownership is GREAT always accomodating and has an eye for detail. I love everything about this place. So does everyone else that Ive spoken to. Stop by have a drink and your hooked!!!! GREAT JOB CHRIS!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!
Great place for bands!  Especially that Jet Crash Billy. Great stuff guys!  Don't forget about the mechanical bull.
Awesome atmosphere, fun and upbeat! Always a great band and friendly staff!
I wasn't super thrilled with the cheap beer, hoards of sad looking cougars, or sipping out of the same liquor bottle that everyone else in the bar had shoved in their mouth, but can see how this would be enjoyable for other people. The band-e-oke performances were entertaining, the bartenders gave free shots to many in the bar (by pouring out of the same bottle, which sometimes touched patron's mouths), many people were dancing, and they had cheap beer. Not that the drinks were cheap (my Sam Adams was $5), but they sell cheap $2 or $3 cans of crappy beer. Not my scene, but it was certainly an experience.
I really like the country theme here, and so do a lot of people. However, the drink selection is not what you want at a bar. They "feature" PBR, Bud, etc. I searched the taps and found maybe one reasonable-quality selection. Everything else here is terrific, but I'm sorry, this is a bar, and bars are rated on drinks. The birthday fishbowl isn't even a mixed drink - it's PBR and lemonade. That's just sad. If they can improve the beer selection and offer better drinks, I'd give them at least 4 stars instead of 2. The ambiance deserves better.
I had the worst experience I have ever had at a bar at this place. The extremely rude staff ruined the experience when my friends and I came by during Octoberfest. I frequent many bars in Albany as well as perform in them with my band, but this is a place I will never go near again and I will be telling everyone I know  or talk to never to go here.
Friendly staff, great atmosphere/decor, fun music and awesome drink specials.  I don't normally love drinking out of a can but it totally feels right here.
