This is an incredible place to get the creative juices flowing, and I'm not just talking about the wine! The atmosphere is extremely comfortable and reminds me a little of my art class back in high school. But of course with the added bonus of imbibing alcohol. You can tell the proprietor, Mercedes, is extremely passionate about art and will gladly give you some advice when asked for. She made our visit that much more enjoyable by playing some truly excellent jams while we painted. Vino Picasso is perfect for groups or families, and even girls night out. This might even be the right place for imaginative individuals to pop the question! I'll leave that idea up to you! Go drink, be marry(or married), and paint to your hearts content!
You know, you here about a place like this and think its a ridiculous idea for a company.  A place to paint?  It seems...odd.  But I can tell you it is one of the most unique experiences you will ever have.  I want to take someone out on a date there, it's a good place to bond over a lack of painting skills and a good glass of...well, vino.
Going to Vino's Picasso is the ultimate good time!  I've gone with groups of girlfriends, couples, and with just my husband and me.  Each time was so fun!  I never thought that I would be able to display some of the pieces, but I have.  And this is someone with no artistic skills.  I love how you can bring your own wine and snacks as well.
Coming here is one of my friend's and my favorite things to do when making a plan to hang out with each other! We get to drink wine (BYO, you can also bring beer or whatever you want), learn something new every time (none of us are formal artists), and there is ample time to chat among ourselves. Plus you get to come home with your very own "masterpiece."   I love that they play chilled out relaxing music (think mostly "coffeehouse" on XM radio), and the artists there are so friendly, approachable, and willing to help out to keep it fun. The owner is just a doll, she talks to you like she's known you forever and she always remembers me when I come in, even though its usually months apart due to my busy schedule. They have a calendar on their website that showcases which artwork will be featured on which day, and often cycle them monthly -- good if you didn't get a chance to attend on the day you wanted. For the repeat vino-painters, they regularly switch up their artwork so there is usually something new to paint. I highly recommend this place to everyone.
Vino's is so much fun!!!! I went for my birthday with some friends and we had a super great time --- and it was something different to do. We brought wine and snacks. Then my friend invited me to her neighborhood pub when Vino's was having an offsite party... Again had so much fun!!!!!! I would and have recommended to so many people!!!!!
This was my first experience at a BYOB painting place and while I was initially skeptical because I can't paint, or thought I couldn't, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The staff were knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly. I highly recommend this. So much fun!
I just retired and wanted to do something way outside my comfort zone. I have absolutely no artistic ability but because of the great instructions and non-threatening atmosphere I was amazed at what I could do! I had so much fun and I plan to go back whenever I am in Fort Myers.
We went to Vino Picasso as part of date night because we wanted to do something different other than movies and eating. It was the perfect thing to do, we got wine and start painting even thought we haven't done that since middle school.  We cant wait to go back and do another "work of art". I suggest calling and reserving a spot as classes fill up fast.
