A step back into history.  The property has been renovated and everything looks well maintained.  It was q wonderful afternoon outing.  The extent of Edison's career changed the course of history.
I went for the museum without the tour and had a great day roaming around solo. There was so much to learn and less to do that I think small children would be bored by the estates. I saw a lot of teens texting and ignoring the tour guide. Special tours are listed on the website for weekdays and best on a sunny (not hot) day. There is plenty of parking and depending on where you park will lessen the walk. Anytime I went by the ticket booth there was a small line, with that said it doesn't matter when you arrive. To avoid crowds, do the opposite....grab food when no one is at the concession stand, look at the lab when the tour is taking over the lobby.....you get the idea. The museum shop was fair priced and had a good range of merchandise. There is a mediocre food stand with hot dogs and soda, nothing fancy. You have the option to bring your own lunch though.
Drove 2 hours from St Pete and apparently the place shuts down when there's lightning! Yep. Just closed! What kind of place in Florida shuts down during lightning?! How are the houses more dangerous during lightning than the gift shop and parking lot which they're letting us wait outside at right now because it's not raining a drop?!? Like are they afraid of a lawsuit or something?! Seems more like they're afraid of making money and giving their patrons the experience they expect.
We had an amazing time walking around the grounds. They do a phenomenal job maintaining the property. We will for sure visit again
I've been wanting to go here since I moved to Florida. It's definitely worth the trip if you're a museum kind of person. If you're not...go check out the t-shirt shops of FMB instead. I went during the Christmas season and the decorations were awesome! I'd highly recommend stopping by for an afternoon to check it out. It's hard to believe that this house was built on an old cattle road!
A great activity for an afternoon family outing.  The estates had a facelift around 2001 and are now very well kept.  This is a beautiful place for a wedding or just to walk around and take some pictures. Self guided tours are available, and for an extra $5/person you can join a tour guide.  Our tour guide was excellent and well worth the few extra bucks--he really made the experience enjoyable and interesting. The museum has tons of interesting artifacts to look at and there are very friendly docents who are willing to share info, tell stories about the artifacts and answer questions. The houses are not open for entrance, but the rooms are staged with lots of Edison and Ford's personal belongings.  You can view the interior of the first floor from the doorway of each room. The whole experience takes anywhere from  3-5 hours, depending on how quickly you move through the museum and gardens.  It's a very lovely way to spend the day. Don't forget to stop by AAA for discount tickets!
Try to come during winter months when it is cooler.  This is really a beautiful and peaceful place to spend a leisurely afternoon.  On a side note, however, any sign of the blatant racism that Edison and Ford were both known for has been removed.  I recall years ago that one of Edison's stone walkway had a swastika on it from one of his guests and it was displayed prominently.  Now it is gone.  Look past all of that for the shear beauty of the place and forget about the people who once owned it.
A must see, great history. Very relaxed you can get guided tours or just see for yourself. You can take pictures in grounds and they have gift shops as well. Christmas is the best time to go because lights and Christmas tree decor hot chocolate it's beautiful. Weddings are welcome from what I heard.
Lovely homes and grounds. We went on the 11:00 tour today and were glad we went relatively early.Once we started our guided tour there was quite a long line waiting to buy tickets. We did think that the $24 guided tour (AAA $1.00 discount) was a bit steep but it does include a self-guided audio tour for you to use at the end of the guided tour. Our guide (Marc) was pretty funny and self-deprecating while being very knowledgeable. We learned a LOT about Edison and Ford and saw many pieces of Edison's inventions. Surprisingly(?) there weren't too many vintage Fords on display. The homes, that you can only look into, were lovely as were the grounds. The lab buildings were interesting as well.
This is a lovely place to visit. I enjoyed touring the grounds and home. The museum was also pretty neat. I learned things about him that I never knew. Definitely a great place to check out on your visit to Fort Myers.
This place sort of is what you make it. It really isn't all that large of a place. It is split up into a museum and the estate. The homes are all locked. So your basically peering in through the doors. There are a few old Fords that are fun to look at. The museum is mostly pictures and a few old items with small write-ups about them. If you take the time to read them all, then it could take a few hours. If you just want to see what's in the museum, it could take 20 minutes.There are a few TV's with videos that are interesting.  I would say the highlight is all the different plants around the estate. Especially the huge Banyan Tree's. Overall it is way over priced for what it is. If you have small children this would not be the place to go with them.
Really enjoyed our trip to these homes which are right next to each other. The gardens are beautiful. We enjoyed the audio tour that was included in the price of our tickets. They give you a brief history of the place before you set out on your own.  The homes are nicely furnished. We particularly liked the light fixtures!  Definitely worth going.
A fascinating compound which should provide a prototype for Getting Things Done, the old fashioned way - without paralyzing Govt intervention.  A public-private consortium supported Edison in his tireless research.  In the early 1900's, this affluent and influential group, with Edison at its creative core, pioneered alternating current electricity, as well as robust research into botanicals which ultimately helped Edison's colleaguues, Firestone and Ford, put vulcanized rubber tires on their cars.   The Estate today shows off decades old botanical samples on the property, and allows a glimpse into the privileged lifestyle of America's favorite inventor.  My favorite is Mina Edison's Moonlight Garden. It's designed by M.Stipple, one of the first women Landscape Architects, so that the garden would be enjoyed at night under the moonlight as predominately white blossoming plants shone in bluish tones around a small reflection pool with floating, rhizomous plants. You can pick up a list of these plants at the Small Office building in case you feel ambitious enough to try it at home. Ft Myers has Edison to thank for McGregor Blvd being lined with royal palms.  Edison loaded barges with these beauties and brought them from S America so that he that he would have a gorgeous and impressive approach to his then secluded, tropical workshop and home. Adult entry is $20.  Annual membership for an individual is $55, and $75 for a family.  Membership is reciprocal with other major Garden sites around the US under agreement with the American Horticultural Society.  So if you're visiting, check your out of town memberships for AHS affiliation.  You might save yourself $20, and still enjoy  this historical treasure.
What a wonderful museum, garden, historical site! I only spent an hour and a half seeing all I can see prior to my best friend's wedding under the Fig Tree on the property! I enjoyed all the inventions of Edison in the museum. I was unable to wander in the lab as I was in a rush to see everything on the property.  I enjoyed all the medical inventions as that is pretty close to my heart. The wonderful, majestic trees, flowers and all the other plants were breathtaking! I had never seen a mango or fig tree in person. I wish I could have harvested some mangos to eat but unfortunately you cannot remove any of the fruit from the property. My best friend's wedding was gorgeous! The back drop of the river and the fig tree was absolutely marvelous! I was a beautiful location for my best friend and her husband to get married. I am so glad I was able to attend! I would have never thought of coming down to Ft. Meyers! I would love to return to do the tour again, and this time in more depth. I would love to see Edison's lab and do a more thorough walk through of the property!
We came (early morning), we saw (3 hours), we conquered? Not really. Three hours isn't enough to see and understand everything Edison did for us. And this was only a "winter home". Lots of history, in this museum. Take your time, come early and stay late.
This was a very nice, quiet trip back in history. My wife and I were very glad we visited. The museum is interesting, and one can learn quite a lot about Edison if they care to take time.   The highlight of the visit is the audio tour of the grounds. The two old homes are lovely, the grounds are beautiful, and one get get a sense of what it was like when Edison and Ford were sitting on the huge veranda enjoying a view of the nearby bay. Fort Myers isn't a place where people go to find history, but if you're so inclined, this is a rich, rewarding, relaxing place to step back in time.
This is OK but I would not say it is out of this world.  The self guided tour is a must but I think it is a little expensive for what you get.  The homes are interesting, but nothing special.  The museum is mostly pictures but there is one good video about Edison and Ford.   I would not make a special trip for this.  If you want to know about Edison, go to the NJ site - its 1000% better.
This is one of those places that I enjoyed, but thought could've been much improved. I'll say it's far more expensive that I think it ought to be. (Near $20 per person. The AAA discount is $1 off per ticket.) Then you have to go through an orientation before taking your self-guided tour, which seems weird. Just give us the doo-hickey and let us go. Once you get past those minor issues, it's a very pretty place. And we were there on a beautiful day, so it was very pleasant to walk around and explore. Just not for that price.
The history is wonderful and has been covered in previous reviews. My review is simply for the AWESOME BANYAN TREE that lives here.  They've been cutting it back for years otherwise it would take over the entire property.  I believe it's the 2nd largest  Banyan Tree in the world!
What a treat. Getting to see where Thomas Edison worked and created some of his famous creations! The estate includes his summer home as well as Ford's summer home. If you are in Ft. Myers, this is definitely a piece of history you don't want to pass up! The grounds are so beautiful!
Overall it's a good experience... not great.  Why: 1.  Cost. $25 person for a guided tour. There are MANY more historically significant sites in the US that charge far less. 2.  Examples of artifacts in the museum ,while old, may not be one of a kind items. Many museums in the country pride themselves on the importance of their pieces. If their pieces have a unique history they should be labeled. Again, it's a good experience... IMO a $12 to $15 experience.
The estates are beautiful. We woke up the other morning before Christmas and decided to head over. I had never been but always wanted to go. It had been thirty years for my other half. He said not much had changed. They were decorated for Christmas so we decided to stay late and see the lights, fantastic.
First time visiting during Christmas, and it was well worth the wait!  Great place to burn an evening walking around on a crisp Florida evening, or quickly walk through and make your dinner reservations.  The place is lit up like no other (grasp the irony here) although I don't know if Mr. Edison would so thrilled with the LED lighting. :-) Seriously, if you have never been, go anytime.  At the very least, it's a nice walk.  At the most, it's a living museum to two of America's great inventors.  If you're there in the heat of the summer, take precautions...its mostly outside.  If you're there at Christmas, go at night and take in all the lights!
I've been to the Edison & Ford Winter Estates many times in my frequent visits to the Ft. Meyers area.  The wealth of information given on the self guided tour gives you not only the full experience, but the choice to go "out of order" and roam around the grounds at your own leisurely pace. I traveled here in a small group which included my four year old brother, which made the trip a little rushed, so I recommend leaving the kids elsewhere if you really want to soak it all in. On my previous trips, I remember that visitors were able to go inside each of the houses and explore, but now, with the $4 million renovation, they've blocked off the houses and you're only allowed to look inside. Still, it is a must see for all visitors to the Ft. Meyers area!
We opted for the self-guided tour which included a required orientation for using the audio wands.  I would object, but looking around at our fellow participants, my husband and I were dragging down the mean age considerably and based on some of the questions asked - the orientation was perhaps needed.  We enjoyed browsing the displays detailing Edison's inventions and work. Across the street from the museum, the homes of Edison and Ford are partially open to the public, with restored and furnished rooms easily viewable through open doors.  Lots of interesting facts but it feels like could be so much more with more detailed displays or updated audio tour information.  Perhaps this was part of the guided tour, but we sort of followed one tour group for a bit and it didn't add too much.
Me and my husband spent a good 4 hours here! The houses were beautiful - all very Arts & Crafts style and really unique. We took our time peering in through every door and window and taking in all the lovely detail of the house (wish you could see the upstairs though!). The grounds are lovely as well - definitely recommend taking your time to walk along the water. Besides the main houses there is also the pool and pool house as well as Edison's separate office and little garden on that same side of the street. The other side of the street there is the laboratory which is so fascinating and full of interesting little objects and what-not. Also there's the museum full of a lot of the inventions and photos and ledgers and such. Just as a disclaimer I must mention that me and my husband LOVE historic architecture and antiquities as well as learning about Edison and stuff. We're weirdos. If you're not into any of that stuff you may not enjoy yourself so much, but if you are you'll adore it.
Every citizen and tourist comes to this place because it is really interesting. Maybe the most interesting tourist trap in the area. The facts are that both Henry Ford and Thomas Edison were so happy with the Ft Myers/Cape Coral area they both moved here together. They give a great tour of the places with phonographs and other neat Edison inventions. Ford was also a genius, a rich genius who had a huge estate. You can go back and back again to pick up new, interesting information on both. Being in the tourist guides, this is always crowded so make your reservation early or you won't get in.
It was a nice way to spend the morning but I think they might be able to improve on it.  We did the audio cassettes & there just wasn't enough interesting talk to listen to about the places we were observing.  We enjoyed the landscaping more than anything.  I noticed the children were bored.  I had been wanting to go here for a long time so I was a little disappointed.  Perhaps if I go again I will take the guided tour as a human might make it more interesting. Definitely advise not to take children as it won't be something they will like.
Went for the holiday lights and stayed for everything else. The museum has a lot to offer for those interested and the houses themselves, with or without lights, are beautiful and interesting to see. The banyan tree is also a must see, it's so impressive.
I loved, loved, loved this estate.  We spent a good 3 hours here no matter how sunny and hot it was in the 90s.  This is a beautiful compound.  I am not into museums necessarily, but when the artifacts are shown off in such a way where you actually feel like you are sucked back in time, marvelous.  Also since I am from VA, it gets tiring seeing the simple colonial clothes, furniture, architecture, from the 1800s aka Williamsburg and Mt. Vernon.   I loved hearing that creepy Al Jolson type music from the early 20th century piped throughout the estate.  Really took me back to that era when you saw the furniture and saw Henry Ford's cars.  I hadn't known much or remembered much about Edison besides the light bulb, which my husband keeps saying was really invented by Tesla, whoever that is.  Well, whatever, Husband, because I think Edison was a genius as they displayed his phonographs, cameras, etc.  There was also his lab where he was so excited to experiment with plants and flowers to find a cheaper and more plentiful source of rubber.   Edison designed his beautiful 2 homes that were adjoined by a walkway, and which have beautiful wrap around wide southern porches.  Loved standing on those porches and looking into the rooms at the decor, and hearing about the history of the rooms, buildings,and gardens of both the Edison and Ford homes.  Who knew that the two were both great friends, and mentor and protege, respectively.  I didn't know! The grounds were breathtaking with the myriad numbers of foliage.  The great banyan trees are gorgeous.  My son and husband had fun picking up the mangoes and running and walking around the grounds.   I was so bored and un-enchanted with Fort Myers proper, from the beach to route 41, that I told my husband enough of the beach, foreclosures, ugly strip malls and the even uglier Edison Mall, " I need real culture and beauty."  We found it on our last day of vacation in Florida, and it was at this beautiful estate.  I could have stayed there for hours and taken the tour with the guide and watched the short documentaries on Edison/Ford, but alas, I had a 3 year old BOY with me so I could not.  Anyway, I love, love, love this estate, and this place made me so happy as I imagined Edison and his big family having so much fun and adventure discovering Florida back in the early 1900s.  I even took more photos of the Edison-Ford Estates and museum than of the beaches we went to on this vacation!  They even had a display of artifacts and facts from the Estates at the airport, and I was reading every single placard the next day before we headed back to D.C.  I was eating it up all over again.
Beautifully kept, amazing preservation, gorgeous flora, impressive all around. $20 gets you unlimited time to wander the whole estate with a self guided tour recording gizmo. I could spend hours here. Must see in Fort Myers!
If you have interest in Thomas Edison or Henry Ford and you are in SW Florida, this is a must see! We did the informative audio tour at our pace and loved it! 5 star recommendation.
Great day trip when in the area. We drove up from Marco Island (approx 45 minutes) with an 8 and 10 year old who didn't want to go, but after we did the self guided audio tour, they said it was fun. Recommend to go earlier in the day when it's not so hot. The grounds are quite beautiful and an amazing feeling to know Thomas Edison once lived and worked there. Great history lesson for all ages! Enjoy the day!
Our family liked this visit. We chose the audio tour as we had young children who may not have kept up with a guide. We enjoyed: the gift shop, the 20 short audio clips spread out through the 20 acres, the beautiful grounds, looking into the 2 homes and smaller buildings, learning about Edison and Ford, the science, the history, the cars and fabulous history on Ford we got from the docent in the car garage, the Christmas trees, the walk, the river. The price is on the high side but imagine the costs of upkeeping this property properly. The maintenance is seamless - not a crack in the paint anywhere. Additionally there is a several room museum with mostly pictures and videos that could provide a lot more information if you were patient. The cafe was closed the day we were there. I thought the gift shops were reasonably priced and somewhat interesting mix of the usual and local items. The staff was friendly. I really appreciated that this did not have a commercial feel.
Took a trip from Miami to visit my cousin in Ft Myers. Decided to do some sightseeing and I was not disappointed with this place. Very cool! I took a tour; it's worth the money. Tour guide was funny and very knowledgeable. Make sure to wander by yourself after the tour though because it goes fast, not a lot of time for photos. Overall, glad I went, would definitely see it another time.
I went knowing I would not have time to see everything, so I chose to tour the Museum and Lab. The museum has no audio tour, but all the exhibits are well marked. Lots and lots of photos. Several lengthy videos with good info. Edison was into so many things that it is hard to fit everything in, but they did a pretty good job. I will go back on a future trip to view the house and gardens.
This was a great museum.  I was impressed with all the things that he invented or improved over the years.  We took the guided tour that was a good choice to get all the details.  They do have audio tours too that would be a good choice if you are limited on time.  We would have stayed longer but we had to get moving.  We were there almost 2 hours.
This is a MUST SEE if you are in the Fort Myers area!
Enjoyed it beautiful place to visit, and hear how two great minds in US history worked and lived together.
Not for kids!  If you go, definitely pay extra for the guided tour - the audio tour is really bland.
