It would be more fun if this were called "Canalslide" because it would then be a really cool water park, with an unfortunate ending to each cascading thrill-ride... landing in Buffalo's canals and rivers and lakes would be a very bad idea given the pollution levels, the filth and the smells... nevertheless, it still sounds like a lot of fun. Remember "Waterloo" from the Bill & Ted movie? Now imagine that, only with the slides emptying out riders into the downtown canals... awesome, right? No? OK. How did I not know about this place until recently? It's basically Buffalo's coolest concert venue at the moment. Buffalo has caught on to what a lot of other cities have been doing with the downtown concerts with the backdrop of cityscapes, a little like the old Thursdays in the Square but even cooler. The skyline is the background, the Skyway thunders directly overhead, the water is right there, and the smell of cereal fills the air from General Mills. It's pretty much a perfect location for a concert. The crazy part is that the whole area in front of the stage is a mud pit. I don't know if girls (and boys) covered in mud is your thing, but there are few things sexier. On summer nights, basically all the cute people in WNY take off all their clothes (almost) and get covered in mud and dance to legendary bands like... um... Shaggy. Yes, Shaggy was the "band" that I saw here, played all of his legendary hits (um... Oh Carolina... Bombastic... and my fave, It Wasn't Me). It's an experience I recommend everyone enjoy at some point or other, although you should not wear any clothes you don't want to get muddy, and you should prepare to smell a lot of smoke and weed and ew-gross-icky stuff like that, and also know that a lot of jerk guys will come around and throw mud all over you... they may even be looking for fights. You will also get hit on (maybe?), I got a few numbers without even meaning to just by being here. It's a great place to have fun and enjoy the summer. So if your girl comes in and she catches you red handed, banging with the girl next door, then just tell her "it wasn't me, it was Shaggy", and take her to Canalside to see a mud-pit show. She'll be over it in a flash. Especially when she sees the mud-covered, shirtless muscle guys that wander around flirting with every Western New York girl (and some boys too) that they see.
There is so much to do at Canalside which is next to the First Niagara Center and the currently under construction Harbor Center and Historic Canal site. They have free games you can sign out, from board games to ping pong, foosball, pool, and more.   You can sit in an Adirondack chair and relax and enjoy the weather.   There are several different boat tours you can take, or visit the Navel Museum ships and submarine. They host artisans markets, beerfests, concerts, yoga and just about anything you can think of.  Buffalo has come a long way and there is much more planned for this area in the next year. I highly recommend you check out what going on at Canal side.  I enjoyed it and my 10 year old daughter and her cousin had fun as well.
Wow, from concerts to board games to Adirondack chairs to kayaking to food, there sure is something for everyone at Canalside. I've been visiting Canalside since they moved Thursday in the Square to the waterfront. I still go to some of the concerts but I now find myself enjoying the Adirondack chairs, green space, and waterfront while relaxing reading a book. It's awesome that children (and adults) can play free games such as ping pong, giant Connect 4, Foosball, among others. I love the backdrop of the skyway on one side and the waterfront on the other. You can get some great pictures of the sunset accompanied by some of the navy ship. If you're feeling hungry, there are a couple of different convenient options: Clinton's Dish, Liberty Hound, and possibly even the Hatch or Templeton Landing. Parking can be a little tricky when there are concerts but there are options. It's nice that motorcycles get VIP parking right in front near Lloyd Street. It will be interesting to see what happens when the HarborCenter project is completed but either way, I'm looking forward to going back to Canalside time and time again.
I love Canalside! From a few years ago, it's completely unrecognizable as there's a large board walk, the naval park, colorful adirondack chairs, kayak rentals, bike rentals, tap stands, restaurants, ruins, and events always happening. From yoga to zumba to movies to concerts, there's always something going on here. It's perfect for a sunny day, so whenever the weather allows, head down to the water front and enjoy what this gorgeous place has to offer!
So many things to do from Zumba to soccer shots and all the way to hula hoops! Looks really good and a great place to go.
Buffalo has put in a lot of effort making the  canalside more appealing to locals and visitors... Great for concerts.. Walks and just relaxing.  Take advantage of the summer and visit the Canalside
I was very surprised and excited to see what is going on here. Activity everywhere, hundreds of families, boats everywhere. Clinton's Dish open with new menu and new huge patio with plenty of tables. Liberty Hound and The Hatch, crowded and the new outside bar next to the Hatch was great! Games for young and old, just lots going on and it's great to see Buffalo finally coming alive!
Finally a "great" hot dog at Canalside.  Ted's was at the World Cup event this afternoon.  Thank you Ted's and whoever organized this event.  You will never know how wonderful it was to see families, kids, bikes, and finally, finally a GREAT hot dog.
Ah yes, the fantastic overpass of the Skyway with cars speeding above you juxtaposed with the peaceful waterfront, Naval History Museum and random puppet shows and Adirondack chairs. I love Buffalo. CanalSide is a great place for: - Kayaking - Catching an outdoor show / concert - Waterfront dining (Liberty Hound) - Watching puppet shows (seriously, look into it..I'm not kidding) - The Saturday Artisan Market - Just lounging around, walking - Ice cream I love all the investment pouring in to make CanalSide a destination for people to hang out after work and keep the downtown area lively. I come here pretty often, especially for Kayaking / paddleboarding (BFLO Harbor Kayak). Recently they've even put in a ping pong table here, but I believe you need to bring your own racket / balls if you want to play. Can't wait to see what the next few years have in store for CanalSide!
It was a beautiful day for a walk. Enjoyed all the memorials and the company.  Next year we will have to get kayaks and see the silos up close. We will be going to the film festival over the weekend.  Time to learn more about my new home state.  I'm always excited when I get to do/see something new.  Being a newbie to the area, nothing is boring for me.
Canalside is SO much better than it used to be! I remember taking field trips out here with school to see the naval park. At the time, there was nothing here but the naval park. It's great that there are restaurants, concerts, and other recreational activities taking place here now! I came here to kayak with BFLO Harbor Kayak. Had a great time! The grain silos are amazing to see up close. I recommend scoping Canalside out any time, but especially at sunset. What a view! This is a true up and coming gem. I hope the momentum continues! Would be great to see more business and residential space pop up down here. It was quiet on Wednesday night but it'd be great to eventually see lots of people down here enjoying such a wonderful space! BIG FAN.
Not being a Buffalonian, I don't have authentic beef with how the city has f@!^%ed up its natural resources in the past (skyway, 198 through Delaware Park) but my husband has given me the cliffnotes on the history and the well-deserved pessimism a lot of folks have about what the city was going to do with canalside. Well I think the city has done really well especially with the city's history being not so great. I am one that was glad the city's desire to team up with Bass Pro fell through--Canalside should be a green space for hanging out, concerts, athletic workshops, small businesses (water bikes, silo climbing, bflo kyak etc.) not stupid gigantic stores. The space is gorgeous and is being really well maintained. Its clean, friendly and easily accessible. Once final construction is done around the last few minor spaces, traffic will flow even better. The main space also leads to other areas such as the gallagher space. All this space is great for hanging out, biking, walking, running, picnicing, just good ol' family fun. My main concern was safety and cleanliness. My friend and I did visit recently and there were very 'unseemly garbage" in the canal water (right by where families were). That needs to be kept up better. Still I think the space is very well cleaned seeing as there really is no way to 100% close it off. Safety wise I feel 100% safe here during the day and during the night during major events there is a visible police presence so I'm not worried about myself or my car.
Simply Fantastic:) It was a great day
Yesterday was such a beautiful day in Buffalo so I decided to head down to Canalside after I finished up at my gym. I didn't have a plan but upon entering the area I noticed a sandwich board that outlined all the organized activities offered for the day. It seems that there is a full slate of activities going on there everyday. Something for everyone! I opted to sit in on a Shakespeare performance for a bit before heading over to Clinton's Dish for a quick bite to eat. Clinton's Dish is a cute little food shack on the wharf that offers a variety of simple food items (see my review: yelp.com/biz/clintons-di…). I then decided to take advantage of a one hour historical 'walk' entitled "The Erie Canal Harbor Story" where I was enlightened with a very informative presentation about the history of the Erie Canal. It was fascinating! It was so interesting to learn about some the rich history that our city was built on and it seems that so much of that history started right there, where Canalside now sits. If you get down there, don't hesitate to take advantage of one of these FREE historical presentations - you won't be sorry.   It's exciting to see Canalside coming along so nicely! It's a great thing for the city of Buffalo in so many ways!!
I relished the cool breeze off the water and a comfortable Adirondack chair to lounge in under the shade of a tree. Really, was a pleasant little place to escape to downtown.  Tuesday afternoon, and the park was fairly empty.  A great place to sit and relax and enjoy good conversation with a friend. One word of warning.  Beware the rude children who feel it necessary to invade your personal space, stand in front of you, and just stare!
Not enough to write a full review....but it just keeps getting better. In a city that really likes to turn a great things into crap...this they certainly did not. Bravo Buffalo!!! Keep it up!!!!
Buffalo, you got a good thing goin' on with Canalside. This waterfront space is a worthy heir to the Thursday in the Square action, and decidedly breezier and more comfortable than the Square. It's also a great place to host other events, such as the recent Citybration festival, where we popped our tent as a vendor. It was not a tough sell to get us to set up in the shade with panoramic views of the city, skyway and harbor. And that's without mentioning the local businesses that surround Canalside and make it a complete destination. You can get wings at Pearl Street, local brews at Liberty Hound, and even head out on the water with Buffalo Kayak or the Spirit of Buffalo. That said, just having a well-kept patch of grass on the water is a great thing for the city. If Buffalo can do for the rest of the waterfront what it has done for Canalside (i.e., carefully curate and planned both green space and retail to reflect Buffalo's unique character, not just plop down big boxes and parking lots and government buildings willy-nilly), this city is gonna be seriously rockin' in under a decade. And with Canalside, it's already well on its way. The only caveat: parking can be tough during events. But you can still make it work by parking in a city lot and walking, or parking anywhere near the subway and riding the rest of the way into the city on the train. If it's not super-crowded, you can also trypark for free on the side streets around the apartment buildings (just don't block the wheelchair sidewalk ramps). Or just bike! Seriously, what are you waiting for? Grab your picnic blanket and go!
Buffalo's waterfront is HOPPING. Even on a Monday! This place gets better and better! There are concerts, kid events, water sports, the Naval Park, restaurants, Kayaking and all of this under the skyway. You can't go wrong here and it makes me happy I live in Buffalo which just keeps getting better by the minute.
Stopped down here for the Feist show last night. My first concert at the Harbor since moving back from Vegas. All in all its places like this that make me glad I moved back to Buffalo. This is definitely a great place to come an enjoy the waterfront. Stroll along the boardwalk side. Grab some ice cream, a deck chair in the sun, or maybe a free concert. Also saw the large sand pit area. Will have to bring the kids down to enjoy that for sure. Places like this are what breathe life into a community. Vegas could learn a thing or two from Buffalo on how to do it right.
Buffalo is slowly moving in the right direction in terms of developing things more and more on the canal side, which hopefully shows the potential of what the rest of the waterfront can do which is sadly way underdeveloped. The change from Thursday in the Square concert series to Thursday at the Harbor concert series was a great way to start the push for proving canal side can bring a new look and feel to the rest of Buffalo's waterfront area. The turnouts for the Thursday at the Harbor is always a good turnout, and sometimes even great depending on who is playing that Thursday. There are paid concerts that are also being thrown in the Summer mix at rates around $40 for a ticket. The city has a festival called Citybration that they have here now as well. Each year it seems more and more types of events are being brought here which is great news. The parking in this area isn't very great as of right now unless you feel like paying 5-10 bucks to park (some places even charge more). You're better off parking near Chippewa street and taking the train down. You can also find some other places in the area to park and walk a short bit which isn't a bad thing in the nice Summer months all of these great activities are happening during.
I'm loving what they have done here so far. I know there's a little more that is in the horizon, but altogether the city has rally made a nice space out of this. I'm living all of the out door concerts and fitness activities for summer. I'd like to see more restaurants/shops, and defiantly more parking. I'd say it's a start though.
Buffalo isn't known for much.....but Canalside made my visit great. Only went for a concert but it's beautiful and you can tell they are trying to really re-vitalize the city! Go Buffalo.
Good place to see a show in nice weather, but not an ideal place to see a show.  Saw Guns N Roses here and loved it.  Even though Axl was his usual pouty self and was HOURS late, the show was one of the best I've seen.  But the venue needs a little something. Like parking, for one.
This is one of my favorite venues for concerts. There really is nothing better than enjoying summer in Buffalo, listening to some great tunes, right on the water. There is plenty of room to wander around. I love that there are brightly colored adirondack chairs for people to sit in! There is good spacing with the beverage tents, food tents and bathrooms. The sound is always great here. I just really have no complaints about coming here for live music. I know they have events and activities all day here, but I've really only come for concerts, so I can't comment on the rest.
Cool boats, free concerts, and some restaurants. Buffalo is a spot to check out.
Yes, just yes.  Buffalo is finally doing something right on the waterfront.  A beautiful shared urban space with lots of good goin' on.  I've been for relaxation, drinking, meandering and viewing.  I've now been for a concert (Weeeeeezer!) and the whole set-up enjoyable easy peasy breezy.  Enjoy a show, step back and take a break on the water, no lines for beers, what a delight.  Keep it up, Buffy.  We can do this.  We can make the waterfront an actual destination.  Oh yes we can.
I have to say living in Buffalo, just gets better everyday. Especially going to places like this to enjoy a nice day out. There is so much going on for this place, and I see it getting even better. If you want to see Buffalo's cityscape, come on down and experience the nice breeze while walking, or on the water boating.
definitely need more spaces like this on the waterfront
