Love proctors and the top notch shows they bring in!!  Hardly ever miss one.  Such a gem in the middle of Schenectady!  We are very lucky to have them!
Too bad they don't have a no star review. We bought tickets and when I called not receiving them they had no record of them. So a few hours later they said they had 2 in the orchestra pit area, and would send them Fed Ex so we would have them on time. Well we received them thinking they were for the Sunday Show we wanted and found out the day we arrived they were for Saturday. With being a day late and an hour late into the show they wouldn't even seat us. Well I am not one to complain, but this was just too much. No tickets, no seats, no wheelchair meeting me as promised and no record of my $300 purchase on my credit card. Was it a one time thing NO the couple in front of us were sent the wrong tickets too. No more Proctors for me thank you!
I can't believe I've never reviewed Proctors before. This is a great place to see a show, what's more is that they are loyal to their repeat customers and those who have season tickets. They even aren't too picky if you missed an entire year as long as they have a record of your regular attendance. The coffee is actually pretty decent (I don't mean the one in the lobby I mean the 1 dollar cup!) The price for snacks is great. I guess my only complaint is that the wine cups make me nervous of spilling and I want them to be much bigger. They usually have a great line up each year. I'm always impressed with what they have to offer and my experience while I'm there.
Proctors attracts the best shows in the area but sadly the seats are so uncomfortable, they're impossible to sit in without being physically uncomfortable. Tortuous even. I'd buy Mr. Phillip Morris a ticket if he could sit in one of those old tiny seats for an entire show. Like 40% of Americans, he's obese. I'd pay to see him tortured for 2+ hours... just as he feels it's OK to torture his customers in those damn seats. The last show we saw there was ron white. The prior show was wicked. At the start of wicked we were ushered to our seats. One of which was an aisle seat. An elderly couple was sitting in our seats and moved inward to the seats they paid for. Before the show started the elderly gentleman who was sitting in my aisle seat got up and left... leaving his wife there next to his empty seat. About 1/3 of the way through the show I noticed he had not returned to his seat. I asked his wife if everything was OK. She told me that his legs couldn't comfortably bend the required amount to sit in one of proctors chairs for more than a couple minutes. The reason he was sitting in my aisle seat was because he was able to stretch his legs out into the aisle when needed. I offered my seat to him at intermission but out of kindness, he refused. He ended up standing at the back of the theater to view the entire show while his wife sat by herself viewing the show. ;-( I emailed proctors after that show and mentioned the uncomfortable seats. The response I received was that they had no intentions of updating the seats because doing so would detract from the theaters historical value. "cough-bullsh*t-cough" As much as I enjoy seeing QUALITY live theater, I enjoy much less paying BIG BUCKS for tickets to a theater that doesn't care about its customers comfort. I really really wish proctors would stop being so greedy and invest some of that money they're making back into keeping its customers comfortable, happy and returning more often. Until I read a story about proctors installing new seating, we won't be back. Sad sad sad.
I've wanted to come to this theater for a while now and I finally got my chance back in February of this year. Colin Mochrie and Brad Sherwood from Whose Line is It Anyway? were doing their improv show here and it was a blast from start to finish. Complimenting this was the beauty of this theater. I'm a sucker for old theaters and I really loved the design of this place. The seats are also very nice and comfy. We were all the way in the back of the orchestra seats and we still had a great view of the stage. The acoustics were great as well and there is parking in a garage just down the street (it was free when we went on a Saturday night). Overall, it's a beautiful theater and a place that you will definitely enjoy seeing a show.
Great place to see a show! Love Proctors. Just a great old school theater that has very few poor actual seats in the house. If you are sitting in the Balcony get upstairs early and use the drink and food sales upstairs.
It's a big, beautiful old theater, kind of out of place around here. There's a lot of history here. Just look at the webpage. Probably the best place to see a show around here that I've seen so far. Seats in the front are the most expensive, of course, but if you sit on the wings in one of the front rows, the price might be half of the sitting in the middle. You'll just have a weird angled view. Gotta love the marquee in the back that says "Vaudeville" in lights. proctors.org
Old restored theater with CLASS! I've seen a number of wonderful shows here.  Since they completed the renovations and expanded the stage and backstage area, the shows that perform here are equal to those in NYC.  The beauty of the theater is remarkable.  I attended a tour of the facility today and was both amazed and impressed with the history behind Frederick Freeman Proctor and the story of this "crown jewel." Sometimes movies are still shown in the Main Stage theater, but they also have separate theater room, the GE Theater, where live performances from throughout the world can be projected on a four-story high screen which also shows iWerks films. Note: There a few seats in the balcony that would benefit from having new springs in the lower cushions.
I love that the Capital District has a venue for Broadway productions on tour.  I further love that there's a decent coffee house in the lobby and the GE Theater showing wonderful movies for kids/families. I've taken my teenage son to see two musicals at Proctor's and have recently started taking my 7 y/o niece to see live performances.  Couple this with unusual offerings like the recent showing of Metropolis, complete with a Wurlitzer organ and recovered footage and you've got an excellent all-around venue. Of all the live theater venues available in the Capital District, Proctor's is hands-down my favorite.  When you consider that I don't own a car and getting to Proctor's is an hour on the 55, that's really saying a lot.
Just returned from the Democratic Rural Conference that was held at the Proctor Theater and I have to say I was impressed with the venue. The GE theater was the spot we used for training sessions and then again in the evening for the Governor's reception, the only negative thing one could say is it is dark (especially for elderly people) but it is a theater and it does have theater lighting.  Oh, one more negative, the bartenders were a tad snotty but they work for One Reputation catering Co. Overall an impressive venue with a bohemian vibe, I like it.
Whoa. There's a little bit of a perhaps unintentional bait and switch going on here. Proctor's Theatre advertises first run movies once in a while. Tonight we drove out to see "Transsiberia." But the film was shown in the smaller, less comfortable GE theatre using a subpar digital projection system. So phone first before going. And go to an early show if you intend on dining afterward: downtown Schenectady goes to sleep when Wheel of Fortune is over. OTOH, the lobby and Muddy Cup coffee shop people are nice and the walls are filled with odd junk highlighting regional anomalies, like part of a plane that flies to Antarctica facing a tiny photograph of John Sayles. We were also surprised to see the William Randolph Hearst Education Room. No info on Marion Davies was offered, though.
I waited until I had a chance to see a show at the "small" GE Theatre in Proctor's to write a review, so as to provide some feedback about the totality of the experience. That may seem unfair to potentially saddle a national treasure like Proctor's with baggage from their second stage, but one must take the totality of a place into account, eh. Well, we were very happy with what were nearly the worst seats in the house in the small theater, which is to say they were still great seats. The amplification was just right, the sight lines fine, and while the seats were a bit bleacher like, they were padded and moved in two directions and we had enough room for our knees and wiggles. The ushers at Proctor's and the box office staff -- and I draw direct contrast to our very, very poor experience with same at The Egg -- have been uniformly courteous, helpful, and friendly. And today they showed they were good sports at "Potted Potter" in helping keep the Giant Quidditch game going, not something ushers normally have to be called upon to do. (I won't spoil it, in case you happen to see this show.) So you throw in the beautiful, historic, excellent sight-and-soundline main stage with its comfy seating, relatively easy parking, off-Broadway pricing, and a really lively and changing schedule, it's hard not to give Proctor's five stars. I'm completely stingy with the fifth star but aside from some nits (bigger lobby bar, better signage, that sort of thing) there's nothing we've found about Proctor's not to like. That it's done by a non-profit organization and is truly the heart of downtown Schenectady's ongoing revival is a huge mitzvah and another reason to patronize the place.
What can I say? I grew up in Schenectady. I graduated from pre-school (I'm not sure WHY Magic Kingdom had a pre-school graduation) and High School on that stage. I remember when in my freshman year of High School Britney Spears was playing there and I wasn't at the guilty pleasure point with her yet so I didn't try to go. The Mariah Carey "Hero" video is shot on that stage. It's a piece of Schenectady history and I love it. Plus I always loved seeing movies I'd refuse to pay full price for there. Mickey Blue Eyes is what first jumps to mind...
What's nice about Proctor's is it gives the Capital District a chance to see Broadway plays from the comforts of the Capital Region. What is not so great about Proctor's is the sound quality - every play I have seen here where I have sat in the balcony, I have had a very hard time understanding half of what is happening. Concerts and comedians I have never had an issue with, but the musicals are where the real issue has been. This has been most notable when I have seen both Les Mis and Wicked at Proctor's. Obviously when you see a show at Proctor's you do have to take it with a grain of salt and keep in mind it is not Broadway and you should not hold it up to the same caliber, but when both of these shows are known to be the best, I expect to at least come out understanding the story line, understanding what the actors say or sing, and enjoying myself. When I saw Wicked, I had at least already seen it on Broadway so I knew the plot, but this was unfortunately not the case for me when I saw Les Mis this weekend. I could barely understand the words over the poor speaker quality and it really made me miss what I am sure was a great story. All in all, the prices are decent for the show you end up seeing, but the sound quality in other theaters like Proctor's I have found to be much better.
Proctor's is a historical building/venue in Schenectady, NY. I came here to see Alice Cooper in 2009. I am not a fan of his music, but my concert experience was enhanced by this gorgeous venue. Even with its recent renovation, it is evident that Proctor's has so much history. It is beautiful inside and out. The workers were helpful and amiable. I got the vibe that they were all proud to be working at such a fascinating landmark. The sound quality was amazing!
Worth the drive to Schenectady for a movie/event. The movie theater seats are a bit wobbly since they are just rows of seats (so if someone in your row moves, you get to move, too), but you can cram a bunch of people in that GE Theater. They have a small, affordable concession stand. No butter for the popcorn, though.
This is my favorite venue in the area. It's a hike from Loudonville, but it's always worth it. I've seen classical music, dance, broadway tours, speakers, etc. here and it's always amazing, no matter what. It's the one venue that can really attract big time entertainment every year. Tickets are very reasonably priced and the second run movies playing here for when I used to go 2.50 was amazing, because it's an old theater from when the town catered to real movie stars and the like. It's very roomy, immaculate, and the staff is always helpful and courteous. I've never had a bad time here. It's a large, wide, classic theater with no real nosebleed seats, and the acoustics are very good.
Over the weekend, I came here with a friend to see CATS -- and to be honest I was BLOWN AWAY by the beauty of this theater. But warning - keep in mind that the seats were made when people were... a little bit.. smaller, so the seats and spacing is not what you'd expect from a modern-day theater. Also- the theater staff does tours every  month or so... sign me up :)
I love Proctor's. I love what Proctor's represents to the City of Schenectady; a beacon of hope. I love that it brings theater productions to the Capital District that coax people out of their x-box/espn/mind-numbing worlds to experience the magical heritage of America Musical Theater. Ticket prices at Proctor's are still significantly less than what you would pay in NYC (and comparable to which you might luck out paying for a Wednesday matinee in NYC).  Proctor's manages to get a variety of productions to run which appeal to everyone from children to ballet and modern dance junkies.  Also, the physical renovations to the theater and lobby are just spectatular; I have been in probably 100 different theaters in my life time and Proctor's is still in my top 3 most beautiful.   That being said, I have a few management suggestions for Proctor's: 1.) The chaos that ensues in the lobby before the show is overwhelming. I would suggest using ropes to indicate where people who have their tickets can queue up to go into the theater and everyone else waiting to go to Will Call, or refreshments, or souvenirs can actually move through the corridor. Yes I know that lends a certain cattle call like atmosphere, but I was fearful that a stampede might commence (appropriate because I was there to see The Lion King). I also heard from a cast member that it was really hard for the musician (who have a later call time) to get to the inside stage door. 2.) It is inappropriate and offensive to have the person sitting next to me drinking a beverage and eating a ham sandwich during the production (not to mention I fear that the consumer will meet a Mama Cass demise). It is a theater, not your living room. Back in the day theater etiquette dictated that food and beverage could not be consumed in the house and needed to be enjoyed in the lobby. I enjoy the antiquated theater etiquette rules and think they should continued to be enforced. I do not want to smell ham sandwich while I watch a show, nor step through puddles of wine, soda, or water on my way out, and and worry about how much mileage the house will get out of the renovation if they continue to allow patrons to chow down in the theater. (yes, I have a double standard on this for community theater where i think beverage sipping is acceptable during a community theater performance...tis part of the warm fuzz feel of community theater) And a note not so much to the management, but the patrons, again this is a theater, not your living room.  Call me old fashioned, but I still think people should treat going to the theater as a special event and dress accordingly.  I'm not talking tails and gowns (even though given the opportunity, I would wear a gown to the theater), but football jerseys are not appropriate.  I guess maybe I long for a different time.   Other than that, Proctor's is an absolute gem for the entire Capital District--it keeps us connected to our theatrical past and pointed in the direction of our future. And by the way: The Lion King. was. awesome.
$3 movies on an enormous screen can't be beat. A gem. With two new theaters for stage and screen opening in Fall 2007. And loads of renovation & new storefronts coming in around it.
I love coming to Proctors to see a show! So many great Broadway tours come to this theatre! I have seen Wicked, Mamma Mia, and The Lion King here. The inside has beautiful and ornate decor and the chandelier inside the theatre is absolutely beautiful! I love every chance I get to come to a show a Proctors
The acoustics are not so great.  The hall is wonderful and the shows are wonderful.  We sat in the lower double letter seats, and the seats are not large!  I liked the view, but not the fact that the seats are small and very very close.  The man next to me owned the arm rest, and with the small seat, it was hard to be comfortable.
Definitely the shining start of Schenectady's revitalization ! This theater is FULL of amazing history which consumes you the minute you take your seat. Check out the mention in this guide to Schenectady - petergreenberg.com/b/Off…
I really like the way the renovations turned out, I think it will be interesting to see how everything works out, Proctors has always been a beautiful theater... I hope the cleanup pays off.
