My husband and I, along with my parents, went on the train getaway last weekend. We had a great time, the food was great and the hotel meet our expectations. We are going to do this again! The prime rib was great, skip the chicken, and treat yourself to a drink!!
Very cool murder mystery train ride lasts about 4 hours, includes appetizer, salad, dessert & excellent prime rib. Fish & chicken entrees also available but prime rib is yummy. Actirs are good, funny & very entertaining. At the end you try to guess who did it. One lucky winner gets a coffee mug. Go if you can, well worth it.
My husband and I really had a great time on the train last night! The gentle rumbling of the train and the atmosphere couldn't be beat. The actors were so good and entertaining. Our servers Jo and Kirby were so attentive. I had the Prime Rib medium and my husbands was med rare, both were perfectly cooked. The whipped potatoes also were very good and my meal was hot. I will ride this train again, but bring friends to share it with!
Just came off the train a little while ago and had a great time! The food is fantastic and the entertainment was witty and fun! Highly recommend!
This isn't a bad option if you are looking for a dinner & entertainment combo in Ft Myers.  The dinner is good (not great), and the prime rib seems to be the best choice.  The fruit and cheese plate starter, however, would have been much better if they had used real cheese, rather than processed cheese product.  The entertainment (a silly murder mystery the diners are encouraged to solve) was okay and full of absolutely terrible puns - but this will be a plus for some people.  My biggest beef was that the solution, once revealed, didn't really seem to make any sense.  The train ride itself is neither too long nor too short, but would be more enjoyable if they freshened the outdated decor and cleaned the windows (we couldn't see out very well due to the grime outside).   But despite all the things that could stand for improvement, it is actually a lot of fun if you go with a group of friends, drink lots, and don't take any of it seriously.  They definitely have a lot of room to improve, and I look forward to seeing them do so.
AWESOME! The show was great, food was great, service was great, very clean and will for sure go again. Must go!
This is the type of thing you do when you want to do something different. It's a restaurant on a train, and they put on a little show.  It's an old train, and it's very tight seating.  A plus-sized person might find it uncomfortable [also the entire experience is 4 hours so if you suffer from hemorrhoids like I do, then it might get uncomfortable towards the end].  What happens is you board the train and order.  As the train rolls along the wait staff serve the diners.  In between courses some actors put on a little show. The food was very good considering it was cooked in a kitchen on a moving train.  It's a limited menu to make it possible.  Precious got the prime rib, and she was very pleased.  The soup was good.  The appetizers were good.  I got the chicken cordon bleu which wasn't really that good.  The dessert was a piece of cake which wasn't that good at all.  This was probably the only item that wasn't cooked on the train. The wait staff was excellent.  They had two people serving each train car which was probably about 40 people.  That's a lot of diners for only two wait staff, but they did a fantastic job.  The limited menu makes this possible.  One of the waitresses was kind of cute too.  Jo was her name. Four actors acted out a short murder mystery.  There were four cars so the actors had to act out each scene four times which can be tough so I appreciate their efforts.  There probably isn't very much money in it so the actors were doing this more because they enjoyed it than to seek fame or fortune.  They did a great job.  The play was the lamest, stupidest, most pathetic, tackiest play I've ever seen in my life, but let me tell you, most of the people really, really enjoyed it. At the end of the day, it's a fun outing.
I went with a friend for her birthday just a few weeks ago and I was expecting it to be cheesy, with overly priced bad food.... we experienced neither.  The train was awesome really gave you that old train ride feel for an experience. The food was actually very good and the portions especially the prime rib were HUGE (see pics) !   The crowd was mostly older tourists or locals but there was a decent mix.  The actors were great they really involve the crowd.  The stories are funny and you really get into it when you are there.  We got lucky sitting at table 7 cause we were directly in the middle of the train so each act was right next to us although the even numbered tables get a better view which isn't much but we were there for the show not the view exactly.   The best and only way to win is to take a lot of notes! Picking the right killer isn't enough they want you to show you were listening so write clues down if you want to win. Overall this was a lot of fun and worth doing if you are in the area or just looking for something fun and out of the ordinary.  It is a little pricey but well worth it for the 3 hour show and train ride, 5 course meal which is delicious and the service was awesome too the waitresses were on point all night we had no complaints.  Make sure to tip the waitresses well not only did they deserve it for such a good job but by the looks of it most people didn't and they should.
Loved it!!!  Good food, pleasant train ride and a murder mystery is a perfect combination. Prime rib and chicken were delicious and the portions were very generous, the only con was the "cheese platter" which consisted of canned cheese and was horrible. Overall a great experience especially since we won, we solved the murder mystery! It's definitely something different to do and I highly recommend experiencing it .
My best friend wanted to go there for his birthday so we drove up and decided to do the Murder Mystery Dinner plus the one night stay at the Courtyard Marriott package. It's a little more pricey on Saturday nights and we paid around $220 (for 2 people). We figured it seemed to be more economical since the train ride alone was over $80 per person. You need to make reservations ahead of time and same day reservations are not allowed. You are served and 5 course meal with your choice of entrée. The train is set up with tables of 4 and if you have a larger party they will sit them next to you. The appetizer is a cheese, crackers, and fruit platter that is pleasingly placed on the table before you arrive. The soup was a roasted tomato & spinach with risotto which I truly have no complaints about and the dessert was a Vanilla Bean Crème Brulee which was marvelous! I chose the prime rib which was not really a culinary masterpiece but it was good enough. The service was spectacular and the show was hilarious! There were only two things that we not fabulous about this dinner show; even though the train is moving for about 3 and a half hours we didn't really see anything really scenic and our party was a little displeased when we found out who the "murderer" was. There were absolutely no signs that pointed out to that conclusion. The hotel was walking distance from the train (about 5 minutes or so), had nice, clean rooms and the breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good. They had everything from bacon and eggs to cereal and waffles. I would definitely do it again!
Went here with some family members while on vacation in the area. -Show: I didn't really care for the story, but the actors were great. They do the scenes one car at a time, and there are four or five cars! Food: five courses spread out over the night. I'm an extremely picky eater and I ate every bite. Food was just as good as a non moving restaurant. Service: fantastic!! How they managed to serve so many people on a moving train without spilling a single bite or drop is astounding. If you have family members that need assistance using the restroom, this may be tricky for you. The train is moving for most of the night. Overall I had a great night and will be recommending this place to everyone going to Florida.
Amazingly enough: I solved it (making my score on Murder Mystery dinners 3 out of 3 for solving it...hmm, think I work in the field? Yup.).  Enough about me, I had an amazing time with the people on the train. I'll start out with the food:  Good not great, but good enough where I'd want to eat there again.  The Strip steak (a little tough, but then again I asked for an end cut and they obliged).  The salmon (yes I had two dinners) was great and something that I would have enjoyed eating even if I wasn't on a train.  The desert was a little rough (they were trying something new and I'm not a fan of carrot cake).  Drinks were cheap.  Also, watching the servers going from car-to-car while using trays is enough of a show in itself and they did a GREAT job at it. The show itself:  GREAT acting, fun, interactive and something that I don't think many people think about when going into something like this (try it yourself, chumps).  They re-create the show for each car (all 4 or 5 cars) and they are going from back to front all night.  I can't believe how they do it and they did a great job. Tip: the train ride is a bit more bumpy then most people our age understand.  We are use to an airplane or car or something a bit more smooth.  That being said, this train ride makes me want to sign up to take a cross-country train ride in a sleeper car and see what it was like in the 1920's.
ZERO STARS GAWD AWFUL!!!! We did this like 2 yrs ago.  It was hokey then, but somehow we tried again last night. The big difference this time is that we were not drinking and didn't buy drinks.   SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN DRUNK IN THE PARKING LOT BEFORE BOARDING, that would have made it bearable I expect. We live in Broward and rented a car. The price of the dinner and show is $70 per person plus tax. THIS DOES NOT INCLUDE  DRINKS! Not even tea or coffee. The Caesar salad was terrible. Bitter and tasted of too much vinegar. Worse, they mix it all up in a giant bowl and it comes already covers with their sloppy dressing. Artichoke hearts were shredded and terrible. Didn't want the soup, puréed potato soup. OMG! Chose the salmon and it tasted OLD and was not seasoned. I guess the chef must have a day job cooking at a senior center or something. The teriyaki sauce on top looked like syrup and tasted like it too. Mini green beans and rice laden with butter. After two bites of the fish and one string bean, I was DONE! My husband ordered the prime rib which was likewise TASTELESS. OH, get this. they have only the two food choices but the sever gets a 20% mandatory tip. All she has to remember is fish or beef, I mean, come on. The train takes off and moves at a snails pace.  You look out the window and see the back of the Comcast cable parking lot, trailer backyards with above ground pools, DUMPSTERS and trees. Then when they serve dinner, YOU are of course, trapped. If you don't like the food (and the show was over-the-top melodramatic vaudeville style), so forget that as a diversion...YOU ARE TRAPPED. The train goes 5 miles an hour forward and back, that's why it takes 3 1/2 + hours. The young couple we were seated with were lovely to chat with, but other than that... $70  per person PLUS $2 for coffee PLUS a 20% tip? Seriously? For WHAT?  Lousy food, terrible play and actors, shouting over the top doggerel.  Who wrote that crap? And don't go crazy trying to figure out who the killer is. The grand prize is a STUPID GIFT SHOP MUG! And the (ahem) artistic director encouraged everyone to LIKE them on Facebook. PLEASE! Get a reality check will you? SHLOCK
I recommend this dinner train to my friends. I regret that on the night my wife and I went, the Gasparilla car windows were so dirty/filmy that we could not see outside. Truth be told the other diners could not see out as well. The prime rib was huge. The salmon was average. The food was OK. The show actors tried. One person in 100 solved the mystery. Do you think she researched the Internet, knew someone, yada yada that gave her the exact answer? This is something to do once in a lifetime
Entertaining show a food was pretty good. I was actually surprised that the show was 3 1/2 hrs because it felt like an hr. The actors really did a nice job and kept all of us entertained and interested.
Absolutely loved the experience!  I expected this to be something cheesy like medieval times, but I was happily proved wrong.  The food was tasty, though they have room for improvement on appetizer.  I had the salmon and my wife had the prime rib option.  We were both pleased with choices and will do this again with friends.  Maybe next time I can solve the mystery right.  So far, 1 for my wife and 0 for me.  I better start reading up on my mystery novels to get the proper mindset.
Great activity to do, something different and exciting! The food is wonderful and the atmosphere is authentic. If you are in the south Florida area, it's a must do!
Great entertainment, food, and value. Actors were good, play done very well. Had prime rib, best i've had. Chicken not so good according to couple seated with us. Scenery along route not very interesting. Industrial mostly. Try their Australian Schraz with prime rib! Don't recommend for scenic ride only. Dinner is onlytrip I would recommend!
I would recommend bringing 4 people. If not you are seated with another couple and they may not be your cut of tea. My only negative is the seat cushions where not great. Sitting for 3 1/2 hours was rough. The food was good over all. The entertainment was funny and entertaining. The ride was bumpy but it added to the enjoyment. For the people that did not enjoy the scenery I have to say, it's life look for the beauty in all things. Would recommend to friends but would tell them bring a cushion.
I recently went on the murder mystery train dinner, and i was highly disappointing. The first thing i noticed was that the majority of the crowd consisted of elderly citizens. The transition between the murder mystery "acting" scenes were too far apart and not really that comical. The 5 coarse meal was highly disappointing, the Irish potato soup tasted straight out of a Campbells can, prime rib and chicken cordon bleu were just OK... and dessert, carrot cake was highly disappointing. The ride contains no scenic view, unless you count the 2 minute river crossing. The production overall was boring, i fell asleep on the way back. It was not worth the 140 dollars spent for 2 tickets, i would have rather goner to a steak house for the money paid. I wouldn't recommend this for younger people. The elderly might enjoy it more.
