My husband and I live right around the corner from Yabo and have talked about trying it countless times, so we finally decided to give it a try. We went this past Saturday night and were surprised that it wasn't busy at all which seemed unusual for the place. We sat outside which was a bit warm (totally not their fault, except a better outside fan would have been amazing) and live music started around 7:30pm. The music was good but could have been more upbeat. We started with the caprese salad which was phenomenal! Apparently Yabo makes their own mozzarella every day and you could absolutely taste the freshness. Definitely a must! I had the Bec's bags which were delicious. My husband had a special they were doing with ahi tuna and crab. The portion was huge, I mean like way too big. We were unpleasantly surprised when we found out that they charged $38 for the entree! If they gave a normal portion of the sides and kept the fish it could have easily been $10 less and he would have been more than happy with that. If it weren't for that surprise than it would have been a five star visit.
I can't say I was thrilled by much here. With that being said, my burger was cooked the way I wanted it. My wife's Mac and Cheese was floating in butter, way too much butter. The atmosphere is rather strange however. Yabo doesn't know weather it's a club, a bar, or a restaurant. It looks more like a club than anything else. I thought the menu was limited as well.
IMO-an absolute disaster of a meal. Big portions-yes, but also tasteless-that is except for all the garlic! My brother and I shared the stuffed mushrooms which weren't the small, delicate variety as one would expect, but huge caps with way too much sauce, cheese...and I DO like garlic, but...whoa-this was like a garlic sauce with extra garlic. I had one glass Pinot Noir which was watery and bitter-not a great combination. For my entree I had what is normally a very simple dish and, if I might say a bit ordinary. Well ordinary is right and flavorless except for the, once again, way, way over the top use of garlic and with the huge island of ricotta floating in the sauce. Now I wouldn't say it was a disaster...oops...I did already!
Interesting atmosphere. Good stiff drinks gives this place an extra star. If you like garlic and old people then come here for an over priced meal. Cool vibe and neat rock&roll memorabilia. Love the artwork.. unfortunately, this place is very unfriendly and discriminates against serving people within the ages of 20~30. My server was rather unaccommodating on more than 3 occasions since I try not to judge a place just on the first visit...I tried to go more than once for an even evaluation of this restaurant because I loved the actual location and artwork! Hostess was like 16, the waiter treated me like shit, and all I wanted was a good dinner and drinks after work. I always tip well, don't think that because of my age that I don't have money or I'm just passing through from up north. I'll take my patronage and business meals elsewhere. Not a problem! Don't get the gnocchi if you're looking for a filling meal. Its a waste of time and money. Great garlic dip for the bread. I like their truffle fries. Calamari has a strange, runny sauce- very unusual. Portions aren't THAT big. I like this place, I really do, I simply do not enjoy insultingly poor service.
We went early, about  5pm but the place had started to fill up by about 6.   I cannot say enough fantastic things about this place. Don't let the atmosphere fool you. The decor is very--rock and roll. Almost like the hard rock cafés. Dark inside and Lots of music and band decor spread all over the walls. I wasn't sure if they would deliver on the food, but by gosh they did! The warm bread and roasted garlic they serve you is incredible.  So delish! For the entrees we had the lambchops(amazing), the veal(out of the world) and the filet that is topped with shrimp(just incredible)! Homemade mashed potatoes and asparagus for the plate compliments and boy did they. We had to return her two weeks later as we were still raving about it! In a nutshell, GO! You'll be so glad you did! And your stomach will thank you :-) It reminds me of an iconic New York jazz bar, with incredibly dynamite food!
I love the food and atmosphere at this place.  I have been going since they were just a small restaurant off McGregor.   Specifically I always get the Rock and Rollo Pollo and my husband gets Becs Bags.  In never fails to impress!
I hosted a happy hour to raise funds for the Susan G Komen Race. Brad at Yabo was awesome for having us and the rest of the staff was also very friendly. Great food and great wine selection too. I'll have to come back for when they have live music.
Far and away the best Italian in Fort Myers. I DEFY you to find better Italian. I DEFY you! Eggplant parm, Calamari, Vodka Penne, Caprese Salad, Gorgonzola Salad, the list goes on... Play eenie meenie miney moe with the menu. You can't go wrong.
Chicken Parmesan was terrible. Frozen chicken, dry and watered down tomato sauce. Service was uneducated and probably a little stoned. I'm fine with enjoying yourself at work as long as you still get the job done... Gnocchi app. Came out after our entree because service forgot to put in the order.. And it was not worth the wait. Manager refused to show face even after service requested him on our behalf. MGMT refused to comp the chicken Parmesan that wasn't eaten. We had to pry to even get the untouched gnocchi taken care of.. The concept of the restaurant is right on and prolly dope when they have love bands.. But i do not believe they will stay afloat much longer with canned goods as and frozen meats going for $20+ a plate not to mention the awful management and staff!  Whoop whoop spend your dollars as time elsewhere..
New to this place. Supposedly, this is a local music venue. We dined on a Saturday night, but there was no music... go figure. Our server was very nice and refilled water and so forth whenever it looked low. The bread-and-mashed-garlic w/ olive oil dipping stuff: the bread was excellent and crusty, but I would have preferred either butter or EVO and a balsamic reduction drizzle without the mashed garlic -- that was highly pureed and frankly, kind of insipid. The music is supposedly good, if you happen to be there when there is some. I'm not certain why a Saturday night would be a bad bet for music... the bar seems very central and very active and there were several large parties clearly celebrating things, scattered about the restaurant. Food: Gorgonzola salad was big enough for two. Dominant flavors: wine vinegar and the raw garlic added to the dressing; it was actually pretty tasty.  Lasagne comes in individual casserole dishes and is much wetter than you might expect. Also, the meat used is not your standard lasagne beef -- was it veal? Beef with a small admixture of lamb?? A different flavor, anyway.    Linguine con Vongole aglio e olio -- enough there that you may need a doggy bag. Saltier than usual. Good flavor, but the by-far dominant note was the garlic, rather than the sauce's white wine or herbs or even the clams (aside from the saltiness). Linguine itself was cooked perfectly, al dente.   (If you want a great comparison, Buon Appetito cafe near Edison College serves a tastier vongole for about half the price. Of course, they don't stay open in the evening if it's a slow night; we've only ever been able to eat there at lunch time due to the early-closing policy on "slow nights." So, Yabo is open -- and open late -- gotta give them points for that :-) The owner/chef and his family are both Italian and Australian, hence the name (and the Koala warning sign) and the largely-Italian cuisine... as for the music, it seems like a good idea, if you happen to love music and own a restaurant, why not make it a venue? Will try again and update the review in a few weeks.
Delicious Italian food- huge portions! Service is friendly but there is always a wait. The inside rock and roll decor is definitely cool but general location at the end of the abandoned strip mall is kind of lame!!!! I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 because I think the food is over prices and the strip mall location. Everything else gets a 5! Including the music that starts up around 9pm!
Food is always fantastic, and interesting.  We've been 4 or 5 times, and always have a great meal.  Beer selection is OK, and specials are always unusual and tasty.
As I consider last night's dinner at Yabo, the thing that stands out is the extraordinary flavors given to ordinary sounding dishes.  My caprese salad with fresh basil was listed as being served with balsamic vinegar and olive oil, but the taste was extremely bright and downright exciting.  My veal chop was perfectly cooked and, again, seasoned most unusually so that the flavor was bold satisfying.  Even the sauteed spinach, that most common and mundane veggie side dish, was exploding with brilliant flavor.  My companions shared a gorgonzola salad as an appetizer and it too had explosive taste.  Bec's Bags, a pasta pocket dish, carried that theme of unique taste further.  Veal Milanese could have been prepared the common way and been absolutely adequate.  Instead, it was given a bouquet of flavor that lifted it far above the norm. Although the prices are a little higher than other places in the area, the portions are generous and the food is amazing.  Last night the kitchen was a little slow, but they were working culinary magic in there, so WTF.  The room is sort of divey but pleasant and the fact that there was live music that wasn't so loud we had to scream to hear each other, and that the singer was quite good put a nice cap on the experience.
I'm new to Fort Myers and my roommate took me here.  The service was great and the restaurant has a fun atmosphere.  I had the Gnocchi and it was superb.  I would have ordered another plate, but wanted to save room for dessert.  We walked right in without reservations.
Expensive and ala carte. Our dishes were bland. Eggplant Parm doesn't even come with pasta. Nothing special here at all. Crushed garlic from a jar for bread & oil. HAPPY HOUR ONLY AT THE BAR. SERIOUSLY ??  Go to pizza pub for great tasting Ital food at great prices. Bye Bye YABO
My, what secrets the end of an abandoned strip mall off Summerlin may hold! I understand there's a little piece of story behind Yabo's origins, but I don't know it so let's stick with what's in the now: Yabo is Australian colloquial for "lazy bum," as well as a Japanese term that could collectively encompass all the adjectives used to describe the walls of a teenager's bedroom. Beyond the sign is a live music mecca (by Fort Myers' standards) and an Italian menu with crumb-scraping service beneath the watchful eye of oil renditions of the Smashing Pumpkins and the Beastie Boys. Confused? Yes. But at the heart of this nightlife United Nations is some pretty solid chow and a bar adept at slinging proper classic cocktails. The gratis bread and roasted garlic smear are a warm/cool combo bursting with flavors and textures well beyond oil and grated Parm. We killed three rounds, well-lubricated with well-made $11 Old Fashioneds (sugar/bitters/bourbon ratio = spot on). Primi round proved a poor opener: a boring Caesar salad ($8) rife with white romaine and woefully undressed, and tender gnocchi in a killer house made red sauce that baffled the mind on price to quantity. Twelve nickel-sized nuggets for $12? You're better suited to order up when apps are half-priced (Happy Hour at the bar, 4-6pm). Mom bastardized the Gorgonzola Salad (also $8) to the point of "new creation," so no official comment on that trough of lettuce. Fortunately, all was forgiven when the headliner took the stage: the blackened swordfish topped with a creamy lump crab meat sauce over a bed of wilted spinach, and partnered with a MOUNTAIN of mashed potatoes. Everything about the plate is comfortable, hearty and incredibly delicious. The special should be forever emblazoned on the dinner menu. Live entertainment is present without killing conversation and the vibe (while, again, very confused) proves to be oddly comfortable - I'd chill at the bar for a spell. And like all endcap restos, this strip baron has flame-lit outdoor seating. Give it a go!
Sorry Yabo, but from your service to food, you did not impress.  There was a small wait when we went, but by the time we got our drinks our table was ready.  From there, it all went downhill. Our server was SLOW.  Slow as could be, and though I'm sure he didn't know they were out of crabcakes, didn't come back until about 10-15 minutes after us ordering to let us know.  Communication got lost somewhere and we paid for it by having to wait longer for our food and newly ordered dish to come from the kitchen. Pros for food - Mashed potatoes Bread and garlic dip The bite of the vodka penne I had was awesome, even if it was so extremely cheesy Huge glasses of wine Cons - My vegetarian pasta.  A bit undercooked, WAY too much oil, and bland - there was definitely something missing.  Loved how they cut the vegetables, though. No offering of parmesan cheese for my pasta Had the gorgonzola salad as well which was okay, but I was definitely not overly impressed by - I think it candied walnuts would be a nice addition, or any walnut in general.. For the price, this place needs to deliver, and it just didn't.
Be prepared to be surprised!  You wouldn't think a place like this would WOW you with amazing service and awesome food.  I mean, everyone is walking around in jeans! Ryan was our server, and was A+. Ordered the Blackened Tuna special, amazing.  First place I have ever had mashed potatoes that are as good as mine.  No salt, butter, or pepper needed!  Fish was cooked perfect, and the portion was huge.  (FYI, they SALT a lot here.  Sodium sensitive people will blow up like a Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade float.) They cleaned up the dinner crumbs after the meal like at Ruth's Chris. Dessert was presented on the table, two luscious creations from Norman Love Chocolate. Flawless dinner. Can't wait to come back!
We dined here with very high hopes. I've heard nothing but amazing things about the food, but unfortunately it didn't live up to it's expectations. We started with the cesar salad, which we shared because our waiter said it was huge. He was right! It was nothing special and didn't have enough dressing. We did love the bread and olive oil that was served. It came with a nice mound of roasted garlic...mmm...not a place to go on a first date ;) My wine was just ok...they don't really have a very impressive wine list for serving Italian food. My boyfriend had the lasagna, which was soupy when it should be nice and thick. I had the rigatoni bolognese, which was "eh". The sauce was good, but my pasta was undercooked. We shared a Norman Love peanut dessert, which was very tasty and a work of art on a plate. I don't quite undertsand thid place...it has a very divey atmosphere, they serve Italian food and their name is Australian...huh? Some good things? The portions were huge, price point is good, service is excellent, nice outdoor dining area.
Highly recommend. Delicious meals, good selection of wines and beers, good service. Great entertainment from an award winning blues trio: thepitbullofblues.com
The food was an gastronomical delight.  Each dish, from salad to the entree was delicious and all you heard from our table after each bite was "yum ". Will definitely return here. I have absolutely nothing to negatively critique about this place.
overextended and overtrended have been a patron since inception, but cannot return. Sadly, I have noticed a larger crowd, but way too loud on the music, no new menu items, and happy hour serving iced down drinks. Asked for a Manhattan with a difference and my bartender had to ask at least two other people what could be different other than traditional Angoras.A haooy hoiur menu was put on the bar by my drink...not appealing . I can get a burger or salad anywhere else . Crowd way too traditional. Opted for a place that has food designed by and cooked by individuals rather that what yabo has mass produced.  So sad to see this transition, altho I understand you must be making a killing.  Thank God there are other local places that didn't sell a trend and where the food is made to order. Yabo was a place where I would bring my closest friends and family to for many years...no more...we have moved on.honestly YABO, I think you have forgotten your roots. Bless up Yabo.
A touch pricey but certainly worth the money. I loved this place. Fantastic sized portions and the food is delicious. Amazing atmosphere! Pictures and music (live at night) are always great! Wish i was on the Gulf coast more!
WOW! This place is amazing.  The atmosphere is hip, fun and very nice.  The dishes are original, well-thought out and, not to mention, delicious!  The owner and staff are all wonderful people.  I can't recommend this place (and the gnocchi) enough!
I have eaten in many places in Ft Myers and this place is my favorite. We had the Sea Bass special which was to die for. If you love garlic....this is your place!
Great neighborhood casual fine dining option.  I've never left without a doggie bag (and its too good to leave behind). Great bar pours and eclectic entertainment.  New local favorite.
We thoroughly enjoyed an incredible dining experience at Yabo on Saturday night. Andrew was our server and did a great job. Friendly, efficient and has great timing. The veal chop special was out of this world as was the Norman Love dessert. Thank you all for a much needed pleasant evening. We will be back!
This is by far and away our favorite restaurant in Ft. Myers. The food is delicious, the service is almost always outstanding and the owners are super friendly. They may not have the biggest wine list but always have something worth drinking. The gnocchi with Gorgonzola cream sauce would be what I would have if it was my last meal and I was on death row. Their pork chop with raspberry chipotle sauce is heavenly as well not to mention the amazing caprese salad with homemade mozzarella. The deserts are from Norman Love and are great as is the atmosphere. Definitely worth a visit or two.
Feeling ripped off. Don't waste your time or money. I ate dinner at Yabo last night with a group of friends. The specials were a blackened Mahi and a Filet with shrimp. I ordered the filet to be cooked medium well. The steak I received was actually a sirloin. The outside was so charred I could barely cut it and the inside was medium well on the top half but the bottom was completely raw. After three bites and having to spit out gristle in my napkin (yuck), I told the waiter. He did not offer to fix the steak. He only said he would let the chef know and took my plate away. I was shocked to see it was still on my bill and ironically it was listed as the sirloin special for $32.00! He had called it the filet special two different times. My friend ordered the Milano chicken and it was literally an overcooked, breaded, and deep fried chicken breast for $20. This was my second visit to Yabo and there won't be a third.
Good service. Fun themed rock n roll. Shows on certain nights. Good food. A bit pricy though.
Enjoyed this eclectic dinner joint. Delicious food. Dark inside, would like to try the outside dining.
Yum.....yum......yum!  This would be how I would describe Yabo.  The food really speaks for itself.....however the atmosphere of the new larger more spacious location is very comfortable, friendly, and a cool chill vibe.  I frequent restaurants all across the city of Chicago and can say that Ryan at Yabo can compete with the best of them in the great city of Chicago.  In addition to the food Ryan is the coolest, friendliest, and most humble successful restauranteer I have ever met.  Not only is the food the best but Ryan is there to keep an eye of the restaurant and ensure the quality one would expect in a Chicago or New York City.  I've been coming to Sanibel/Fort Myers since I was 5 years old and tried ALL the restaurants in the area....this is BY FAR THE BEST!!  Go there and enjoy the food, outdoor bar, live music, and friendly atmosphere.....you will not be disappointed.  Be happy your seeing the start of something VERY BIG in Yabo.  If I could I would be there 3-4 days a week.  Must try gongozoli cream gnocci for a starter.  All items are amazing....great for chilling and enjoying an evening in SW Florida.  Kudos to Ryan for bringing excellence to Fort Myers....your hard work and excellent food will be noticed in Florida and beyond if you choose. One picky eater from Chicago, kk
Excellent italian food.  Haven't had a bad thing yet.  Gorgonzola gnocchi is out of this world!  Great vibe, on the rock and roll side, with album covers and music posters decorating the walls.  Live music later in te night.
Have enjoyed the musical guests and the fun atmosphere. Food advice-you better be a lover of garlic...and lots of it. Your meal will start off with a hunk of warm, crunchy bread and a good size glob of roasted garlic and olive oil. Salads and dinners are large enough to share. The red sauce is a perfect combo of sweet and savory. The eggplant parmesan is now my favorite (it seems to have the least amount of garlic....which after awhile seems to be all I can taste with the other dishes). Desserts are provided by Norman Love (whose pastry chef just won a national award). Chocolate is the only way to get rid of the garlic overload-and I highly recommend it. I like the dark atmosphere of the restaurant and the hip/rock& roll wait staff. The collection of rock posters, etc. make it work as a dinner/music theatre.  Patrons can be a bit contrived and "wanna be hipsters"-but that's part of the fun and ambiance.  Vampires obviously not allowed.
The food was absolutely delicious and bountiful. The only suggestion I could make is go little easier on the olive oil and garlic...I love olive oil and garlic but it should compliment the dish not overwhelm it or swim in it. I also feel the desserts should be fresh homemade and more creative than a slab rich chocolate from Norman Love.
