I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! I'm here a couple times a week, and I firmly believe this is the best bar in town. They have live music, good drink specials, great food, great atmosphere, and hot bartenders and servers. This place draws a lot of different people, from educated professionals looking to knock a few back, to some of the local lushes who are . . . also looking to knock a few back, I suppose. They've got 3 dart boards, a pool table, juke box, a little outdoor seating, and friendly staff. The only downside (and I've told the about this before) is that for such a small place, the crank all the live bands up extremely loud. Even when there are 8 people in there, they'll try to blow your eardrums out. But the live music doesn't start until 9 or 10, so happy hour is great.
Stopped in before a concert at the Harborside. I was greeted as soon as I sat down. I had a beer in my hand in less then 90 seconds, and it was cold! There were quite a few beers on tap and dozen or so bottles available. It wasn't crowded when I went (late afternoon). I got the pulled pork sandwich and it was pretty tasty. If I lived in the area, I'd be here more often. There is cheap parking nearby.  Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.
This place feels like an old, big college city,  downtown bar. The menu is different in that there are several healthy choices.  Not your typical fried bar food. It's noisier than I like but the waitress was attentive and helpful with the menu picks. Now this visit was during bike night so that may have had some impact on the noise level.  I'm going to come back on a quieter night. We were happy with the food, the portions,  the service and the price.
An old school corner bar serving up a limited menu that is actually quite good. Had the Italian stallion grilled cheese and it was quite the filler. They went a little heavy on the mayo but it was awesome none the less. On complaint was their ice tea was not brewed but came out of a pump, but that is a minor quibble. Would love to come back at night for some beers and entertainment.
Can't go to ft Myers without stopping in this place!!! This is by far one of the best bars to go to!!! Live music, awesome bartenders, drink specials, and not to mention the awesome atmosphere!!!!! This place reminds me of cheers!!
Good lord, ladies drink free Wednesday and Thursday?   Umm yes please! Being from LA this drinking free concept totally blew my mind, so of course, during my recent trip to Ft. Myers I went there both Wed & Thur and got completely hammered on the house. F*ck yeah. Anyways, besides this little piece of awesomeness, City Tavern is a really chill, basic dive bar in downtown.  I can't say much for the crowd, but the bartenders were awesome and the drinks were strong and cheap (for those nights where it  isnt free). Totally worth checking out, even if its not a weds or thurs!
No trip to Fort Myers is complete without a trip to the City Tavern. The City Tavern sits in the heart of Downtown Fort Myers across a parking lot from the River. Place is a classic bar that features live music most nights and a good jukebox on others. The place can get a little smokey, but it's a bar so I guess you'd expect that. Kind of strange but they have individual bathrooms for each urinal, so stage fright won't be an issue. Definitely stop by
Dive neighborhood bar with pretty good food thanks to Bar Rescue Chef Brian Duffy.  Perky young bimbo bartenders & waitresses.  The bar looked like a sausage fest on this Friday at 630.  The after work crowd of guys that were loud and doing shots already.  We sat at the bar and were waited on by a very timid Kasey.  She was nice, but very little conversation.  95% of bartending is personality boys & girls.  Wife & I ordered a couple of beers and asked for menus.  She ordered the BBQ Quesadilla and me El Cubano.  Food was served quickly and my Cuban was great, wife's Quesadilla was lame in my opinion, but she liked it.  What was great was the slaw served with the Quesadilla.  Can't imagine what this place is like once it gets dark and the crazy's get crazy. We went for the food, not the bar scene. Having worked in bars like this when I was younger, thinner and had darker hair it is no longer my scene. But we might come back to try something else from Duff's menu.
This is my kind of bar. After fleeing the Firestone, it was a relief to be able to sit at a booth with friends, one of my pals smoking a cigar, and listen to the awesome cover band on stage. I came here once for ladies night and had a good deal on drinks. There's a pool table in the corner and relaxed people having a good time. One of my favorite spots in Fort Myers.
Definite must go in Fort Myers River District. They have nights with live bands, pool table in back, even the slow nights in down town fort myers people are in this place. The drink prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.
Nice little college bar we love to visit during our annual Ft. Myers Spring Training trip. Cheap drinks and a good vibe. Gets a bit smokey, but what do you expect.
Decent happy hour and late night drink specials, Wednesday and Thursday ladies drink for free and there's always a band on the weekends where talent is hit or miss. A younger crowd but still attractive to everyone.
