Surprisingly a great club!!! Very small, as you can tell from the outside, but there is a stage that constantly rotates girls... The girls actually work and smile and are nice... all different types for different tastes. I was really surprised at how much fun I had! $4 to get in and the $4 drinks were strong!
Would never suggest this place to anyone
Not bad, girls are trashy as hell, "I Like!" (Borat Voice).   Every girl in there has at least a few tattoo's and a pack of cigarettes. Honestly it was a priceless experience and made my night.  There is a Dominos pizza right next store, and it seemed like every half hour the delivery guy was bringing the little ho's some grub.  They would sit at this high top table and eat the food just bought for them by there 50 year old, beer belly regular.  Girls would sit at this table and stuff there face.  My favorite was watching this one girl eat chicken wings.  Oh yea, did I mention she was topless. (Priceless!!)  She wasn't afraid to drown that chicken in a tub of dressing and chow down like it was her last meal.  As soon as she finished sucking down her food, she sparked up her cig.  I love chicks like this, Lol..  No really!
$4 to get in. Nice! My cheap ass bought a few $4 drinks and sat around and waited for the good lookin girls to come out and entertain me. Good thing I didnt hold my breath. Where did all the strippers go that used to slide on and  twirl around the pole and actually DO something? Now they just walk around on stage like a drunk college slut and shake their butts for a dollar. Boooooring! I'm sure it doesn't help any that the 3 scrubs hanging at the stage painfully part with their dollar bills as if they were crisp Benjamin Frankilins. Give the girl a damn dollar or go home to your free internet porn and Cheetos! Escapades wasnt much better that night...all those girls need to eat a donut or something. They all had the body of an anorexic 8 year old boy. And Lookers had a few decent ladies and one that, I swear to god, looked like Beetlejuice. And by then it was 1:45 am and I had my beer goggles on. Help us all!
Not bad lot of women for a small club. Drinks where reasonable 20 lap dance wasnt.
I'll preface this review by saying "Yoanna J" is coming across like a bitter, disgruntled former employee of this fine adult nightclub. Babe's is bar-none a top tier titty-club.  Easily one the of the best in SWFL and a great value to boot.  The cover charge is a measly  5 bucks. The perfect price point for those of you on a tight budget which is pretty much everyone that lives in Ft. Myers, an economically depressed cesspool if a city, I digress. I'll defer to the old adage "there's an ass for every toilet-seat" this never holds more true than when applied to Babe's Gentleman's Club. If you like the gangly type of woman with bee-stings they certainly have you covered but for the fussy patron, like myself,you may be more interested in the girls willing to work for the tip.  I met a dancer at Babes names Dani, she was a fit young lady with a glazed over look about her. She was one of those strippers who could really get you charged up. Don't expect any sort of small talk or eye contact with Dani she has the social interactive skills comparable to a 9 volt battery.  If you like the chatty dumpster-slut type of dancer you may want to give Sway a spin.  She showed me her butthole after I tipped with a ten spot and I'm 80% sure she made it wink, highly impressive. Old or young, you just can't go wrong with Babe's, with 2 dollar shots of well whiskey and 5 dollar pitchers of Miller Light its a great spot to hang with your pals and enjoy a game and maybe even seen a 34 year old woman make her butthole wink for 10 dollars.
ok What do i say about this strip club. lets see GHETTO if you live in the hood you will love this place. super low class. Happy Stripping
