Love this place! Recently remodeled and expanded, I have to say it is gorgeous. With the deeply stained woodwork, gorgeous stained glass, the 'confessional booth' upstairs, the Irish decor and Celtic prose on the walls, when you walk in you are stepping back in a time of Lads, Lassies, the Little People and Erin Go Brah! As close to authentically Irish as it gets, the spirits and eats are great too; the beer selection is vast, the food is as fantastic as Irish pub food gets and the atmosphere is fun fun fun!  On top of that you will find live music inside and out, comedy nights and much more. If you are looking for a great beer selection, a full service bar, some comforting Irish grub (the Sheppard's Pie is fantastic) and something fun to do on a bleak PG night, look no further. Oh and I dare you to 'Drink the Boot' ... only for the strongest of heart
Indeed the best fish and chips around.  Plenty of good beers on tap.  The soda bread was outstanding.  The potato/Leek soup was also great. i would have really enjoyed this place if I would not have been there with 4 kids.  Also people in the upper level kept throwing crap down onto the lower tables.  as a place to hang out with adults, it would have been perfect.
First time at Celtic Ray. Will definitely return.  Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Best fish & chips !  Several other things on the menu I want to try.
The beer selection made me sad that I stopped drinking.  Really a great variety.  I was with a group of 5 we had 4 beers and dinner for under 80 bucks.  We each had different items off the menu board and no one had a complaint.  Staff was friendly, but you have to order at the bar.  I would go back in a second!
I went here on Monday (1/9/12) with my mother as she recommended it from going to it a few times with her English friend. We both got the leek and potato soup with a side of Irish soda bread ($4). Both were delicious! The soda bread is nice and light and at a great price. Then for the entree I got the shepherd's pie ($10), which surprisingly came with coleslaw and a piece of soda bread. My mom ordered the vegetable pasty (also $10), which came with coleslaw and french fries. Everything was delicious except for the french fries which were greasy, deep-fried, fatty and oily. Of course my mom insisted on getting two entrees which was entirely too much food (we brought home half of the vegetable pasty and 3/4 of the shepherd's pie along with both pieces of soda bread and 1 of the coleslaws!) Prices aren't terribly high but three FYIs 1) the shepherd's pie is non-vegetarian and has meat in it (as per the original recipe), 2) the meat is marinated in Guinness beer (as is served in the pub) so the pie possesses a strong alcoholic taste, and 3) the pub is about to be expanded into the building next door so expect a probable and inevitable huge increase in prices. Come now and you won't regret it! Highly recommended by my English friend who fully authenticates it as food from her "homeland/origins." Everything was great but the food (due to intense cream in the soup, grease in the fries and huge amount of beer and meat in the pie can feel heavy and isn't really "light" or entirely healthy food; it is however delicious and homemade Irish/English classic cuisine.)
This pub could have been picked up Wizard of Oz tornado style from County (insert one), Ireland and dropped in Punta Gorda and you'd swear you were transported back to the old sod.  The bulk of the restaurant was under construction / remodeling when we went and only available to us were the pub space with a limited menu on small 3' x 2' chalk boards hanging above the bar.  But that limited menu featured chicken curry, vegetable pastys, toasties, sausage rolls, bangers and chips and they were all flavorful.  My daughter at the ripe old age of 3.5 years old was responsible for the demolition of 50% of my chicken curry; much to my pleasant surprise.  Add a properly poured pint of Guinness replete with a head you could float an aircraft carrier on, this place should be a mandatory stop for anybody looking to get their drink (and Irish) on in the area.  Keep in mind it's a proper public house, so there may be times when the wee ones aren't permitted.
As pubs go, they dont get any better. Obviously the beer selection is amazing. The fish and chips are as good or better than anyplace in the states.
Stopped here for lunch on our way driving from Sarasota to Miami.  We love Irish restaurants, so we seek them out wherever we go.  So glad we stopped!  Terrific food..the fish and chips were some of the best we have had.  The Shepherds Pie was terrific, just the right size and had a yummy vinegary drizzle over the top.  My husband says he had the best snake bite he has ever been served.  We would go out of our way to go again.
Fun place, stopped in for a late night dinner. Friendly staff, live band which was surprisingly good, although the music was way too loud for the size of the place and number of people. Didn't notice you can sit outside when we walked in. That would have made things even better. It was clear that the folks there were locals because they all seemed to know each other. Good beer, good food, live music, friendly people. That's all you can hope for in an Irish pub and The Ray lives up to that.
This place is just lovely - I was in PG over Spring Break and ate here two days in a row!  The barkeeps know how to pour a proper Guinness, and they have Magner's (Bulmers), which can be very difficult to find this side of the pond.  And I don't know about the rest of their food, but the fish and chips is bar-none the best I've had since Ireland.  Having lived there for a while, I acquired a palette for good old fish and chips, and the offering here is just stellar.  A lunch portion is VERY generous - I don't think I could finish a dinner.  I eat my fish'n'chips dry, but try it with the malt vinegar they put on all the tables.  My only complaints?  The chips could be a bit thicker cut and they ought to have mayonnaise, for a bit more authentic touch.  (I get that mayo on fries is a very European thing, however, and 95% of Americans think your nuts, and Celtic Ray has to cater to their crowd.  I was just a little disappointed.)  Also a bit pricey, even for the decently-sized portions.  Otherwise, SMASHING.  Best fish and chips I've had in the states yet.   Decor-wise, the old part of the pub is pretty spot on.  The new expanded section is very sharp, very easy on the eyes, but feels a little sterile, a little cold - maybe it just isn't cluttered enough yet.  It also seems they're still working out seating on that side of the pub.  Also, there's surprisingly little seating (excepting the bar) - perhaps they'll add a deck or something?  They do have seating out front but it can be very noisy with the traffic on Marion.  Either way, get there early and/or expect a wait for your food - I promise it'll be worth it.  Very nice.   PS.  The listed phone number is not in service, and the other I found via the Google leads to a fax machine.  Celtic Ray, update your phone number! PPS.  I just want to say that I LOVE that there is no television in this pub.
Celtic Ray is one of the long-lasting, well-known gems of dining in Punta Gorda. It's a very authentic Irish-looking pub right by downtown that has foreign imports that you wouldn't normally find anywhere local. The food is fairly priced and VERY good. I usually get the bangers and mash, but if you get the fish and chips, you'll more than likely have some leftover because of how huge the portion is. The service is also really solid- I know that a common complaint is that you have to walk up to the bar to order and pay for your food, but that's how it is in most pubs over in England and Ireland anyways (again, it's shooting for authentic). Personally, I like that because it's a different feel and you're not bothered by waiters/waitresses too much. They also have bands that come in for entertainment and from the times I've gone it's never ridiculously packed like a college bar. If you have kids, it's definitely kid-friendly if you go early enough in the evening; otherwise, if you're 18 and up you should check it out!
I think it's important that you realize what you're getting into when you go to a truly authentic place like the Celtic Ray.  They aren't kidding around - yes they really DO expect you to bally up to the bar for your own drinks and to place your food order.  They do bring the food out to you, but don't expect someone to come back every 5 minutes and ask, "so how are we doing here - need a refill?"  Uh-uh.  This is how its done in Ireland so this is how it's done at the Celtic Ray.  Personally, we found this to be part of the charm, although I admit on another night if I had the need to be waited on it may not have been a good pick! Happily for us that particular night though it was....!  Before heading back to Clearwater from a day of house shopping in Punta Gorda-Ft. Myers we thought we'd give this place a try.  It was a Friday night and late (probably close to 9:00) so the place was loud and boisterous with an Irish band playing.  We sat on the other side of the place, away from the band, in the "pub" area - with dark woods, nostalgic photos,  and Celtic words of wisdom painted on the walls in gold.  The patio area appeared to be closed - we assumed because it had been raining all day and it was still very wet.  Not being local we felt a bit out of place but the staff was friendly and made us feel welcome.  NO TV was a nice touch too.  A group of locals sat nearby playing dominoes and drinking beer.   The menu is not huge but had a nice variety.  I originally ordered the stuffed cabbage but they were out so I had the Breton Chicken and, a full month later, I am still fantasizing about.  It was a grown up version of pot pie - puff pastry, huge chunks of chicken, and a really fabulous wine cream sauce.  Num.  Hubby had the Beef Vindaloo which was also good, just not to his liking that night.  I think he was mostly just jealous of my Breton Chicken.   We will definitely return, and if we do end up moving to the Punta Gorda area I can see us becoming locals at this funky little place.   I think expectations are important here though so just make sure you're up for the self-service model, the noise, and the "come as you are" patio area. I would not recommend this place for kids, at least at night.  It may be different during the day but there wasn't much on the menu that appeared to be kid-friendly and it is pretty much a pub/bar atmosphere.
Potato leak soup is awesome!  I like the feel of the pub, did not get to drink a stout beer as it was a working lunch!  Ordered the Breton Chicken and it was awesome! Great service as well!
VERY DISAPPOINTING! It was busy on Friday night & we were referred to their out door patio in the rear. One must go to the bar & order & pay for your food & drinks. The patio had garbage scattered every where & the table / chairs look like they're from a dirty diner. Took forever for our food to arrive (over an hour) and attempts to get another round drinks at the bar were met with disconcerting looks. Not only are you paying premium prices one is also expected to go to the bar to place their own orders ....mmmmm not what I'm use to! The chicken dish my wife had was good but the fish & chips I had get a 3 / 10 at best! ....we won't be returning!
Great beer, perfect food, you won't leave disappointed.. Did I mention the food is good? And the beer?
This is the only traditional Irish pub in South West Fl. Nowadays there are tons of "pubs" such as the tilted kilt. Celtic Ray is nothing like them, it is owned and operated authentic Irish, has the best fish and chips you could taste, and a intense arsenal of beers to wash it down with. If you and your family of 4 are looking for a nice quiet dinner with one on one service go somewhere else. If you want a real Irish drunken time with damn good food come here. Leave the whining at home.
Having been to Ireland on vacation many times, this place is about as close to the real thing as you can get.  I can't think of anyplace that comes close, even in 15 years of living in the Boston area.  Same style of service, same menu staples, same atmosphere.  If you're a beer drinker be aware that they do not offer any domestic brands, but they will offer you a sample of something similar so you can decide on an alternative.  I don't drink beer myself but heard other patrons delighting in finding specific imports available to them.  Besides, why go to an Irish pub and ask for a Coors Light? Great decor, plenty of seating options and a comprehensive menu covering many traditional dishes.   Lunch was terrific - an expertly cooked fish & chips and a piping hot, deliciously savory shepherd's pie (no cheese - this is real IRISH cooking, not Americanized).  Vegetarian entrees, as one reviewer suggested should be added, are popular here in the States and you may see them at Irish hotel pubs or touristy spots, but you don't see them much in rural Ireland.  The Celtic Ray does serve a super thick and   fabulous tasting potato-leek soup.  They are also now offering a fruit/cheese platter.  If that doesn't do it for you then perhaps you should think twice before deciding to go out for a meal at a traditional Irish pub. Service does not include waitstaff at the tables, again this is how most real Irish pubs do things, but the bar staff, who are very busy at all times, work hard to accommodate everyone quickly and with a smile.  And we didn't witness anyone falling over in exhaustion after having to walk a few feet to the bar to place their order :) Can't wait to go back even though it's quite a haul from our house.  Good craic!
Great Irish and some English Fare with great beer selection. Scotch egg and lamb shank were great.
Ah the Celtic Ray, many a-time I have come here with my dad for a quick pint. It is the closest thing between Ft. Myers and Sarasota to a proper pub. Ok this is classified as an Irish pub, but Irish and British alike, we all know a real pub when we get in one. This one has the atmosphere and set-up of a pub which makes us feel at home. They have a great beer selection on draught, but don't come here if you are looking for Bud Light, that stuff is in exile. The bartender is Irish and knows all the combinations you could throw his way - half/half (Guinness and bitter), snakebite (cider and lager), etc. The bar is large enough that a lot of people can be sat at it, without it feeling overcrowded. Food-wise, they have Fish and Chips which isn't bad at all, they also do a curry (but we found it to be a bit on the sweeter side). They have sausage rolls, soups, mushy peas - which all just reinforce its authenticity. The food for me isn't the highlight, but it accompanies the beer/cider and atmosphere perfectly. They have open mic night, pub quiz night, and live music. It is dark and the decor is aged and pub-like. Overall this place is a godsend to Brits and Irish expats, who miss that local pub scene.
Absolutely awesome place. The potato-leek soup is thick & comforting. The fish & chips is amazing too.  It's probably the BEST in all of Punta Gorda. The place is a blue-ribbon winner, for both food & beer. Lively crowd at the bar, friendly too. Great mix of ages here! We were here for St Patrick's day victuals, & my husband has ALREADY announced that we're going back again this year. Works for me! So glad to have this in Punta Gorda!
5 stars because when I've been there it IS as good as it gets.   Went with friends to have a pint of Guinness and the fish & chips.   It was a slow Tuesday night so we sat at the bar.  The ambience was great for conversation (no hammering loud music) and we talked it up. After 15- 20 minutes the bartender came up and apologized - there'd been a computer "clitch" so our food orders hadn't been placed - the rounds of beer were on the house.  We'd just started to wonder about the food, so no problems.  Five minutes later we were treated to what had to be the best, freshest fish & chips ever.  It was GOOD!  I kinda like this place.
Let's start with NO tv's! Focus on the live entertainment or the company you brought or met at the pub. Food is excellent (I recommend the Guiness Stew), the beer selection is good and the drink strength is perfect.
Awesome food, awesome staff and awesome beer. What more can you ask for? One of the best places I've been to in Florida.
Great building. Beer selection could be better. Kitchen open till closing. Curry dishes are very good.
I really dig the vibe of this place! They have the traditional Irish pub vibe going on along with seats outside so you can grab a beer and enjoy the night. I had the Black Velvet with Guiness and Cider and it smooth, surprisingly light with a bite. $20 for 4 drinks didn't hurt either. Economically friendly and aesthetically pleasing? Yes please!
This is my goto spot in PG. The fish and chips are good, but my favorite is the bangers and mash. They have a good selection of brew, and good seating everywhere. Inside seating, outside seating, upstairs seating, plenty of places to find a nook with your friends and relax.
They now have a full bar and added a second level with open ceiling dining.  Really neat and they have music most days.  Also they are doing outside dining. The weather is fabulous for this.  There is a very large oak tree and tables are under.  Nice!
I could go on about the food/beers/etc but here's what makes the Celtic Ray (from here on out referred to as "the Ray") an amazing place... There is no television. The Ray believes so much in the power of laughter and a good conversation that they refuse to install a boob tube just so people can sit around and drool like zombies at a baseball game or whatnot. Mind you, this is being said by a huge sports fan and a season ticket holder. Everyone is welcome here, and being at the Ray feels like being in the living room you *wished* you had.
The bartender was friendly - looked like she enjoyed her job.  The place felt like a traditional irish pub.  Great beer selection.  The food was great - I had the fish and chips and husband had the sheppard's  pie - both were tasty.  I can't wait to go back again!
We've been here several times over the past few months and every time the food has been spot on.  We have had a good 8 or 9 different items off the menu and loved each and every one of them.    Love the fact that there aren't any TVs on the walls.  Fish and chips, bangers & mash, shepards pie and a few others are the reason we make the 25 minute trip down there....that and their beer selection. So why 4 stars and not 5?  I really want to give it 5 but...I am not a huge fan of leaving tartar sauce out in huge bottles for the guests...its mayo. And lastly, the portion on the fish & chips got smaller and the price went up.  In the past it was 1 piece & fries for a kids portion, medium portion 2 fish/fri, large portion 3 fish/chips....now large has 2 and it jumped a buck or two
Had dinner and a few pints at The Ray today - and just figured out why I like the place - they don't have a television!!! How nice to go into a bar and talk to someone - the person with you, the guy siting beside you at the bar, the bartender or even the owner himself. Tired of going to bars and restaurants and sitting beside the know all from Philly or Ohio wearing his teams sports shirt - which is you are over 25 years old should be a no-no. Anyway back to The Ray - the fish and chips were great and the Vindaloo Curry wasn't bad either. Thank God for a place that says it is "authentic Irish" and lives up to it - no telly,  no Bud Light, no chicken wings and no 50 year olds wearing OSU or Eagles shirts ..........
The craic is strong at this incredible Irish pub. I've enjoyed this place for nearly a decade and find it to be the best commitment to a concept of just about any restaurant in SW Florida. Free flowing beer and conversations. Excellent, authentic food. The setting is ideal and blissfully free of any TV's to spoil the mood. A perfect little pub.
Wish we hadn't eaten before we got here because the food menu looks incredibly appetizing.  Instead, I ordered a Snakebite (Lager + Cider) and that did the trick.  The outdoor swinging tables/benches were really cool too.  Our bartender was straight forward and had a dry sense of humor while donning an epic beard.  Made the experience that much better!  Till next time we meet! Cheers!
I cannot speak to the authenticity of the place, having never been to Ireland. What I can tell you is that it is a fun little place to go get some fish and chips, bangers and mash, shepherd's pie or a weekly rotation of curry. We didn't know what to expect the first time we moseyed into The Ray. Within 2 beers we were pleasantly surprised to be eating very solid Irish pub fare. No complaints here. The Guinness, Magners and Kilkenny (and many others...) flow like an Irish Spring...refreshing and never ending. The people we've met have been been friendly, lively and welcoming. The Ray is just good plain fun. Go!
We LOVE this spot The best Guiness ever !!! You have to have their fish and chips yummmy Lots of locals. Lots of Irish music. The place is right out of Ireland !
Hey Down from Boston visiting , my friends band plays here once in a while The day we arrived we stop there and we had North Atlantic cod was awesome coleslaw awesome drinks awesome have to try the Guinness pie that looks pretty good too ,the shepherds pie not enough veggies but I'm more of a meat and potatoes guy anyway so I probably would've enjoyed it but you def have to get the Breton chicken soooo frickin good all in all a great place to go family and friends a good true Irish pub
Yes indeed very good. Hard to find such a place in big cities. It's worth driving to, from as far as Sarasota or Fort Myers. They need to add some good vegetarian entrees to their menu. If they do, I will give 5 stars! Veggie pasty is great, but I would like some more choices.
We go here every time we come to Punta Gorda. Great small pub atmosphere. NO TELEVISIONS HANGING EVERYWHERE!!! You can have a conversation. Full bar and the beer is consistently great. The staff has always been personable. We usually get the fish and chips and the food has always been well prepared. If you want to get together with friends for a beer and a bite to eat, this is one of the best places in town to do so.
I Laddy. Not Irish but I don't know Gaelic for awesome find. Josh is very accommodating. Clean. Great potato and leek soup and the fish and chips is as noted in other reviews: killer. Sunday late afternoon brought is in to this laid back town and while passing through or spending anytime stop in for some terrific Irish hospitality and whiskey. No Bud served here. If you can't make up your mind Josh will poor you a sample or 4:-)
Should have waiters or waitresses. Going up to the counter every time you need something is a bit much. Good food.
My wife and I along with our son visited. We did so based on Yelp reviews. As with most reviews, the staff was very friendly, helpful, and appreciative we were there. They has open mic night, we did not partake as we were a bit early and our son is 12. This also answers a question, can you take your young children. Answer is yes, not a dive as a bar. Food was good as bar food goes. I'll admit, we have had the pleasure of eating fine foods and dining for years and feel we are harder to please than most so I feel most would enjoy the food. A bit greasy for me though. We had fish and chips, and also a sheppards pie. The pie was a little bland but may be Irish thing, not sure. We would return, maybe just the wife and I so we could enjoy some livations and music. Not my son's cup of tea of course.
Second time, and just as good as the first. Only wish I could live next door so I could try all the beers in one sitting:)
I honestly didn't expect a place like this in Punta Gorda, but this place rocks.  Good house band, great food, good atmosphere.  Definitely a place to check out!
Love "The Celtic Ray".  Between the two of us we have been in Irish Pubs from Boston, NYC, Atlanta, Calif., Europe, South America and places in between : ) The Celtic Ray is the favorite.  Why?  The friendly staff.  The bartender is welcoming and friendly to tourist and locals.  As far as beverages I can get Magners my personal favorite and the man can get Guinness or Harp.  Also, plenty of other selections.   The food menu in on the wall in the bar area and you go to the bar to order your food.  Menu is short and concise.  I love the fish and chips.  Light, golden, crispy batter on the outside of "don't you dare spoil it with tartar sauce perfectly cooked fish".  The stew is pretty amazing too.  I am guessing the other half likes the sheppards pie.  He asked if I would get mad if he licked the plate.  Yes!  That was until I had the potatoe leek soup served with bread.  I wanted to lick the bowl.  This was not gummy, grainy or pasty as these soups can tend to lean... very creamy with potatoes.  Also, had corn beef n cabbage on St. Patrick's Day.  That was good but portions were small for price.   Entertainment is usually good. Interior of bar area is quaint and charming.  About as authentic looking and feeling as an Irish Pub can be without being on the ould sod.
Very authentic; very fine. They could pick this place up and plop it down anywhere in the British Isles and it would fit right in both in food quality and atmosphere... Their attention to customers (courtesy etc) is superb. I am so proud and grateful they are in Punta Gorda. Their fish 'n chips are superb and very fairly priced for large portions & the finest ingredients. Everything else is grand on the menu that I have tried. This place is a landmark and should be an official Charlotte County "Treasure". No better Irish Fare this side of the Pond in Florida at least i would wager (if I wagered). Good going! Keep it up, please.
I attended a dinner party at the Celtic Ray. The food is amazing and so was the service. I would like to go again when they have live music. Fish n chips is the best.
I came here with some co-worked on our weekly trip out to the west coast of Florida and I'm so glad we found this place. Great tap selection and the bartender (the guy with black and gauges) was cool, which is worth noting considering how many bartenders aren't. I ordered the Bangers and had a few beers, the food was great and exactly how they're suppose to be made, and my friends said the fish and chips the had were very good as well. I will be back no doubt!
Great ale and great food.....the experience at this pub is always fun and is a must if you are out in Punta Gorda any time of the day!
Very authentic.  Best fish and chips in Punta Gorda, hands down.  Otherwise, the menu is limited and made up mostly of the same bland fare you find in any pub in the UK.  No table-side service.  You have to stand at the counter and ask for things, which is fine when they aren't busy, but kind of a pain when they are.  Not a good place for spoiled, entitled Americans.  Super nice people behind the bar, and a great local hangout.  I do love the one round booth, which has a variety of board games stacked off to its side.  Love the pints, too.
The original, and probably still the best little pub in PG. This is the real deal.
This bar is prety much legit....and one of the most consistently busy bars in town.  You have to go up to the bar to order everything (just like in Ireland) and the menu is written on the wall, but don't be afraid to try anything on the menu because it's all awesome (well maybe not the mushy peas...haha).  Grab a swinging table outside and a perfectly poured pint...good way to spend a Sunday in my books.
I was here with a group of friends from out of town. I had a Cornish pasty and scotch eggs along with a custom mixed dark beer.  All excellent.  I'm looking forward to visiting the area again just so I can come here again.
Perfectly adequate - staff was indifferent and somewhat slow.  The food was bland.  Good beer selection but again, staff didn't want to waste time discussing them with us.  We went when it wasn't overly busy but still felt like our business wasn't a big deal. We sat outside by the street which was noisy, but the inside was under construction and noisy also.   Overall, I'd give it a C+.
Had the "Stumble Bee"- Guinness, and some type of honey-based alcohol(?), with a shot of Bailey's dropped in. (I'm probably getting that wrong because it has been a month, but It was fantastic, far better than the usual Bailey's-in-Guinness).  I also had the potato leek soup, and the person I was with ordered the Shepard's pie.  Everything was great, and our bartender was helpful and friendly.  Our final bill was reasonable for the quality.  Next time I have my eye on the beef vindaloo or the stuffed cabbage.
One of my favorite bars of all time. Went back over the summer and was pleased to see it's back in Kevin's hands. Great beer and food and attitude.
Our British told us about the Ray. He said it was the closest thing to real English fish & dhips he'd found here. All the food is great. The atmosphere is casual & very friendly.
I am visiting on a mini-vacation and looked for an Irish pub. I loved this place. Very authentic atmosphere, eclectic Irish decor, quick service, and lots of Irish beer on tap (which of course is the main attraction.) The fish and chips were outstanding. I highly recommend!
I just LOVE Celtic Ray!! After the first time there we were hooked. This place is as authentic as it gets. Great selection of imported tap beers. The Guinness is my favorite and at Celtic Ray  they know how to pour it properly to ensure maximum nitrogen bubbles that help to release the flavor of the beer. The food here is amazing. You can't go wrong with any or their entrees. The fish 'n chips is the best I've EVER had and the curries are fabulous. Everything comes out piping hot. I had the potato leek soup and it was phenomonal. The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly as is the owner, Kevin Doyle. What a great guy and very interesting to talk to. Definitely give this one a try.
Love the Celtic! Great Curry, naan, stew, fish n chips!  and the on tap beer selection is outstanding.  They are a full service bar for those that don't like beer and have live music/comedy several times a week.
