Finally a great place to hear top quality music.  4 of us went to the Beatles Tribute show.  Fantastic.  And you were up close and personal.  Plus you could dance right in front of the stage.  Food -- of course.  Packages include a terrific Prime Rib which they run out of early.  Sign up for the early seating - have your prime rib then watch the show which usually runs from 7:30 to almost 10 pm.  Service is first class and seating is on a first come basis.  Call and ask for Liz or Howard..tell them Skip the burgermaven sent you. this is the Blue martini for the mature set...and better.
So disappointed in the Stage. My 4 sisters and I arrived late(9:10) for the Motown review. We were told there was a cover charge of $10 each, but they were closing in 15 minutes. Asked if we could go in and each just buy a drink without paying the cover charge. The woman at the door said no that was not acceptable. Instead of making $25 or so on drinks, she turned us away. Not great customer service and not common sense. She told us it would be taken out of her paycheck if she let the five of us in without paying a cover charge. If that is the case, the stage should examine their employee options, as this did not make sense. Wouldn't it have been better to let us in and possibly return another night much earlier? with that kind of customer service, we probably will not be back.
Visited with two friends who are in their seventies and are patrons of the Phil, where 18th & 19th C. classical music reigns.  Without dispute, the Beatles are classics in 20th C. popular culture.  The Stage show was to be a Beatles tribute.  Unfortunately, my table guests couldn't bridge the two Centuries' fan appreciation gap.  We left halfway through the performance.  But since there's always good and bad to any experience.  here's the breakdown: Bad:   Loud is not better. We love a place to thunder, whether it's a symphony or a rock band.  Unfortunately, the sound was heavy metal deafening, making the slightest word, between people even seated side by side, impossible.   The faux Beatles were accompanied on stage by a keyboardist, who overwhelmed the pretend boys from Liverpool.  Yes, in real life there had been a Fifth Beatle - Billy Preston - who added posterity to the Fab Four's music with his keyboards in recording sessions.  But The Stage's entertainment pretty much maligned the memory and creativity of the actual Preston/Beatles collaboration.  The keyboardist at The Stage was powerful, and really came into his own during a solo when the imitators left to take a break and do a costume change into tan Nehru jackets.  His solo showed off his very adroit skills, but seemed at odds with the '60s theme of the evening.  Entertaining,but more like what Paul Todd may do every Sunday with dual electronic keyboarding at local churches. Good:  The venue is really well thought out and attractive.  The stage is in a corner and raised to assure that there are no bad seats in the house.  The tables are aligned so no one has his back to the stage.  Pendant lighting gives out the best ambient light during performances, and a boxy area in front of the stage lets an old white crowd bob and heel/toe and hoot and holler for hours.  It was obviously really nostalgic and joyful for everyone on the dance floor, and even for the ones sticking to their seats while singing along. The food is delivered to the More is Better crowd for about $45 PP, before tax, gratuity and drinks.  Drinks are cheap - $6.50, but the Virgin Pina Colada was served at the same price.  No loss, as the vodka came with water.  Lots of water.  Da.  OK, put part of that comment up in the "Bad" paragraph. The prime rib is the scene stealer here.  Very good.  Salmon was dry, though tasty.  Peas and onions came from the peas and onions can.  o dear.  The salad was mixed iceberg lettuce with a dash of tomato and red onion.   Service was terrific.  Apparently the family puts a daughter on the front door and a son in a bus boy red shirt.  Everyone worked very hard and came around repeatedly to be sure all was right with the time travelling world. If you're looking for a kitschy evening on a Throwback Thursday kind of day, book here.  It's a friendly, hungry, dancing, happy crowd, despite the mediocre entertainment and minor culinary sins.
The Roy Orbison/Elvis show is incredible!! Not to be missed!!! Great food and service, get there early the place gets packed!!
We were a group of three late 40's females and we loved it! Dinner was great and inexpensive.  We saw a jazz/Latin show and thoroughly enjoyed it! Reminded me of the old days of dinner and dance shows sorta of like the Ricky Ricardo club.  Very cool interior.  Check it out, you will enjoy!
Music and food.  Great combination.  That's what you will get at The Stage.  The music was ok and corny.  Tributes to Manilow and Sinatra.  Could of been better with a full, live house band.  The saving grace is the food.  Try it and you will really like it, esp. The pork cop and prime rib.  The place is a little pricey but not a bad night of entertainment!
My husband and I went here last night while we are on vacation. We had a very nice time. The have different tribute bands every night along with dinner and drinks. The food was pretty good and not overly priced. It was a Do Wop group singing and while not great, it was entertaining. You can also dance. It's a place for us older folks to go and enjoy the music of our youth!
Great fun! However the bleached blonde bartender MEAN! The rest of the staff was awesome music was great! We all had a blast! Definitely worth the cover charge
