great lunch yesterday.  Waitress was fantastic.  really pushed us toward the specials because the prices where so good s as she said it they are so good and inexpensive you might as well try them.  She was right, they where amazing.  The strip steak special with the special sauce was sick amazing.  Only could finish half ( I am not a huge eater) and had the rest for dinner.  Not too bad for a $10 meal. I gave them a 5 because the waitress really helped with the menu.  That is so important when you do not know the dishes well.
The ambiance of the restaurant was pleasant, a little dark for 3:30pm on a sunny day but pleasant. My initial server was a jerk and was rushing me to order appetizers and drinks, I explained that I'd been seated for less than 5 minutes and as it was my first time, I needed time to review the menu; this made him upset and I'm not sure why. After he came, I had a second server and she was EXTREMELY pleasant, I asked her for a traditional recommendation and she was thorough and we picked the pescado a lo macho con solo camarones (fish in a nice sauce with rice and shrimp on top). She also recommended a bread appetizer with a spicy green sauce and it was amazing! The entree was okay, the type of fish they utilized overpowered the taste of the sauce (in a bad way) and the fish was huge and there was a small amount of rice. I also had a red sangria which was okay, not the greatest and FILLED with oranges, like 5 slices. The water I had was disgusting, I know it might be tap but it tasted pool water-esque. Needless to say, I will not be purposely visiting this restaurant again.
Muy bien!  Great menu and good service.  We stopped in for lunch on a Thursday, and were greeted by helpful and courteous staff.  Food was fantastic, and very reasonable for lunch.  Check them out!
Quality Inca Peruvian food. Great atmosphere,  great prices and large portions! I'll be back.
This was our first visit. Read reviews and decided to try. We had a pleasant experience.  I ordered semi spicy seafood meal, fish, shrimp, etc...with rice. Very good. Wife got Chicken Marsala, she also enjoyed. Son got Shrimp Scampi, he enjoyed as well. Service was good, a little novice but he tried. You will need to ask some questions about menu depending on what server you get. Ours was probably inexperienced. We will definitely return.
Super.  You gotta try the chimichuri - unreal!
Great spot. All of the dishes were well seasoned and prepared. Really enjoyed it. The flan is a must. There are so many bad flans out there and it's great to have a truly good one.
The food was amazing and the portions were plentiful. Service was a slow and we hardly saw our waiter. But we'll be back.
Came in on a Saturday night and I'm still dreaming about the ceviche. El Gaucho was fabuloso. Our server was brand new that day but was very attentive and sweet. Started off with some beef empanadas and the aforementioned ceviche. He barely shared the empanadas and they were gone when I turned my head, so that's their review right there. I wasn't bothered though because I was buried in my mixed seafood (fish and shrimp) ceviche. So tangy, spicy, and fresh! If you're on the fence, get it, it's amazing. I could have just eaten that, it's a generous portion so keep that in mind when ordering. For mains, he got the aji de gallina and I ordered arroz con mariscos. Both good and well prepared, but the appetizers really stole the show that night.
This place is fabulous and really a lot of fun. Seven of us came and there wasn't one thing we got that was less than excellent. My brother-in-law who was visiting told me if he lived here he would dine here every other week. I now live here and I WILL be every other week! The best dish tonight was Picante de Mariscos. We're waiting for dessert now.
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G food ! I loved every last bite of it! Ordered the Lomo Saltado which was Filet Mignon tips with grilled onions, Red Peppers, Tomatoes, and onions. So tender and cooked to perfection with an amazing flavor from the grill. Yum! My guest ordered Pescado A Lo macho.. Wow, what a dish ! A whole filet of fish with a mix of seafood in a light spicy cream sauce. We were surprised and happy about the generous portions. Really great place and one of the best meals I've had In a long time at a restaurant! I also have to throw in that our server, Federico, was also very nice, patient and explained everything so well with us first timers.. Great service!
Went here after yelp recommendation.  Had appetizers so that we could try tastes of Peruvian traditional foods. Restaurant decor is rustic with steers and Wild West looking artifacts. Server nice. Recommended some stuffed avocado with shrimp. We got got one with avocado and one with shrimp. Basically, it was sliced avocado, shrimp with an olive and egg slice in top. It looks like someone took a quarter of a mayo squeeze bottle and squeezed it all over the dish. I like mayo but it was in edible. The octopus was the same scenario with olives inside which made purple mayonnaise. The cheesy scallops were okay but rich. The fish and shrimp ceviche was good.
Finally, a restaurant near us that is fabulous.  Peruvian food to die for!  We always go for the Lomo Saltado, but this time they had half off on their NY Strip and Top Sirlon with unbelievably flavorful chimichurri sauce.  This is a must try at least once and I will guarantee, you will be back.  Great service also. Nancy http://Http://MissionOrganizing.com
Extremely satisfied can't wait to go back!!! I'm traveling for work and thanks to the reviews I went for dinner--- wow!!!!!! The run down; Service-- Oscar is Awesome!!!  All of his explanation, attention to what I was in the mood for and making suggestions was above and beyond! Request him, especially if you don't speak Spanish the other servers have broken English.  But overall great. Appetizer- fish ceviche is to die for! I went medium and it was perfect flair and spice and things I couldn't even describe. Let alone the corn that comes with wow never had it this way! Entree- forgot what it's called but it the seafood with red sauce and rice (like the reviews say) it's pictures on the top of the menu in the entree section --- wow my taste buds were blown away. Amazing flavors, beautifully cooked fish and sauce was  perfect not too heavy and not tomatoey.  Mmm can't wait for my leftovers Dessert- Peruvian Doughnuts they were good but nothing too crazy wish I like flan cause he said it was great but texture bother me. Wine- the house Malbec mmm perfect pairing to the Meal!! This was all oscars recommendation I couldn't be happier!! Perfect dinner solo!! Can't wait til I travel back over here for work! :)
The Owner was nice enough to contact me and apologize for our bad experience and invited us back for a free dinner. I will not take him up on that but he is a true business man. I would highly recommend when you serve sangria put some fresh apples & oranges in but the night I was there they poured in fruit cocktail from a can which ruined the taste no fruit at all would have been better than that.
Last week for the first time after living here for 6 years, I was introduced to El Gaucho Inca Restaurant. Deee-licious! I was a little apprehensive about ordering steak that was not cooked to temperature, and I'm glad I did! The Lomo Saltado (a wok stir fry filet mignon sautéed w tomatoes, onions, served over white rice with fries) was remarkable! It was tender and tasty. The soy-sauce-ish broth seeped into the rice and fries, making the whole thing enjoyable. I can't wait to go back for dinner and experience some of their other delicious creations. Bonus - the decor was really cool too. Good food, good atmosphere. Woohoo!
The new location offers good service,  good food and a nice atmosphere (in a strip mall, no less).  There are big wins and big misses on the menu WINS: Excellent mixed seafood ceviche and beef Saltado.  I love the bread and dipping sauce. MISSES: Skip the Caesar salad. Scallop appetizer is heavy and icky so save your calories for the tres leches or alfajores. Both seating is not the most comfy so avoid it if possible
Amazing flavors abound. We tried smoked salmon in a cheesy cream sauce.  Also tried a shredded chicken dish over boiled potatoes with a yellow creamy sauce that was out of this world.  Come here for lunch first and you'll be back for dinner.
We had lunch again there yesterday.  They were running a special on steaks.  Your choice of a 12 ounce top sirloin. New York strip or ribeye for $10 (normally $20).  We shared the ribeye, which was cooked perfectly medium as requested, and a wonderful, generous side of mixed veggies (onion, green onion, mushrooms and peppers).  We ordered beef empanadas as an appetizer and they were terrific as well.  My wife enjoyed a glass of Sangria and I had an ice cold Negra Modelo served in a frosted mug.  A fabulous lunch with great service for about $32 including tax and tip!  This has become our "go to" restaurant in the Fort Myers area.
This is a follow-up review. The first time I reviewed this restaurant, about two years ago, my waiter was so inept, bordering on offensive, that it totally ruined my meal and degraded my rating of the restaurant. This time I'm happy to report both my waitress and the food were outstanding. The food was served quickly, was very reasonably priced, and was very flavorful. In addition they have a good selection of very reasonably priced wines. I would give this place 4 1/2 stars. It's not quite a five-star experience, but well worth the drive.
Excellent food! We got the triple cerviche and it was delicious. You cannot go wrong here. Do yourself a favor and find this place :-)
One of the best meals I have ever had!  The ceviche and the Pescado a lo Macho are incredible.  Great service.
Often as diners, we are drawn to the romanticism of a restaurant only to find out it was all a farce to get us in the door. The proverbial husband and wife team come together for a family dining experience. Well you can put the skeptic to rest at El Gaucho Inca Restaurant. After missing out on a Peruvian restaurant in Naples because they do not accommodate dogs, I was excited, as a pig in mud, when told that there was an outside table and they would love to have my dog. Woohoo, music to my ears. I was staying close to the Sanibel Captiva Island Gateway, which is a good 20 minute drive to this restaurant. Since it was night, I really could not make out much. But, with limited lighting I could tell this was a very residential area. The restaurant is in the middle of a strip plaza. Lucky for the big overhead sign we found it. In true family style this restaurant was bustling. The heightened activity, noise, people chatting, music playing, kids giggling, kitchen clanking almost made me want to ditch the dog and sit inside. No, I can't do that. The lovely host sat us outside and brought menus. On a little prompt, our server went on to describe the dishes. We pulled the right card. She was Rocio Navarrete, Peruvian, the Inca portion of ownership. I've dined in enough ethnic restaurants to know the difference between authenticity and fakeness. Rocio takes deep pride in representing her restaurant and culture. She took time to explain each item, with parallels that we could relate to. It is a joy to hear the ring in someone's voice when they present their food. Bread - with chimicurri. I really had to be careful with this. The chimicurri had the right amount of bite to open up the taste buds. I could eat a lot more of this, easily. Seafood Ceviche - The ceviche is the national dish of Peru, made with fresh fish marinated in fresh lime juice, red onions, cilantro a hint of rocoto chili served with Peruvian corn, sweet potato and fresh lettuce. Fresh, with the right balance of acidity and sweetness, textures melted together in cohesiveness. Pork Tamale - Corn mashed potato stuffed with pork wrapped with banana leaves. Soft, pliable with the earthiness of leaves, very flavorful. Pescado a lo Macho - Fish fillet with a light spice herb and creamy seafood served with rice. This is not a dish to be taken lightly. It is very rich and complex. The main flavoring ingredient is a Peruvian pepper that has a distinguished taste. Although, this dish can be served hot, the pepper is more for flavor rather than heat. The rich butter and cream sauce is lusciously addicting with succulent seafood. The moist supple white fish, Swai, was a perfect vessel for these flavors. A spectacular dish. When asked if this dish could be served with anything other than rice, the simple answer, " That is how it is served in Peru." That is a restaurant staying true to it's roots. This was the Inca side. Churrasco 12 oz Skirt Steak - There is not much done to a steak in Argentina. In true Gaucho fashion, the meat is grilled on open fire in the wild range and devoured. Those flavors were captured in this hunk of meat. The subtle saltiness lend well to a slightly chewy texture. Couldn't get any better. Torta de Lucuma - A traditional Peruvian dessert. The slightly nutty Lucuma , a native Peruvian fruit, fragrance filled the nose. The cake itself was spongy but not too sweet. As shown in picture, dessert in take out box, we just could not fit anything else in so we took it to go. After a couple of hours, this made a nice midnight snack at the hotel. I am always thrilled to find restaurants that stay true to their culture. Walking around this dining room is like a museum of cultural art. Even the toilets have interesting art to ponder while you take care of business. All too often ethnic restaurants shy away from their own identity and form this thing called "fusion". Or is it confusion, or not wanting to embrace their true self. The blend of Argentina and Peru is prevalent in every aspect of this place. Judging from the crowded dining room, I would say this is a great marriage.
My wife and I had two of the Peruvian entrees and a cheesecake desert. We could not have been more pleased and the cost was moderate.
This is no expert review or anything, but I just had to say that this restaurant is amazing the food and the atmosphere is jut great. The only thing if I had to complain is it is a bit pricey when it's dinner time. Well to be honest it's worth it.
This place is a hidden gem! I went with my husband, 2 year old and newborn. We asked for a recommendation and we all loved everything. My husband had a seafood dish with a creamy red sauce. It was excellent. My 2yr old and I split the fried rice entree and it exploded with flavor. My son inhaled his and kept asking for more. I also ordered the flan and it was very creamy. I did not care for the house wine but the owner was quick to offer me a different type and didn't charge me for anything. Great service! Great food and ambiance.
Thoroughly enjoyed dining last week.  Memorable meal suggested by chef.  Eaten here at least 6 times and each meal has been memorable. Highly recommend.
A simply wonderful experience in a warm, cozy place tucked back into a shopping center - as someone said earlier, it's worth finding. My friend and I shared the potatoes in spicy cream dish as an appetizer, then she had a pasta/chicken dish with a pink sauce and I had the Parmesan scallops - all a different, delicious taste experience.  Our shared flan dessert was traditional, but really one of the best I've had. The woman business owner, proud of her Peruvian heritage, visited our table to tell us about the upcoming tango night. Had our vacation been longer, we most definitely would have returned. I highly recommend this place!
Our first time here after hearing rave reviews.  Justin was our waiter and he was attentive and very helpful.  One companion had the Pescado a lo Macho - a fish fillet with a lightly spicy cream sauce.  He loved it! Another companion had two large slices of the chicken with chorizo among other ingredients (forget the name) and it was excellent.  My wife had a salad with shrimp that was very good.  I had the mahi mahi with very good rice but unfortunately the fish was overcooked.  We will definitely be back for another visit!  We loved the decor and ambiance!
What a fantastic restaurant. Thanks to yelp we stopped here on our travels home because it is a quick stop off of I-75. Located in the corner of a dark shopping center and not easily seen from Colonial Blvd (didn't help that their lit sign was not turned on at dark) it is well worth the trouble to find it. EXCELLENT dinner. Husband had flank steak and I had chicken. Perfect wait staff delivered our perfectly cooked meal as fast as we requested (long day of traveling). I love walking into a clean restaurant (this one is) because it means the food will be clean too. Kitchen located behind a half-wall and you can hear your food sizzling but no smoky smell. We arrived at the same time as 3 other couples but everyone was served promptly. Why isn't this restaurant swamped every night? We've dined in Ft. Myers several times and never had this good a meal or as good a dining experience. Must be the out-of-downtown location or the locals don't know what they're missing. We spent 30% less at El Gaucho than the night before (different town) and had a far better dinner. We will be back every time we are anywhere near.   My suggestion: get the beef. Superior quality beef for the money. You never see this quality at your supermarket and usually spend much more money for this quality at a name steakhouse. I've quit going to Outback because their steaks have gone downhill.
Worth the trip for truly gourmet experience. Great atmosphere and personal service. Mussel in wine appetizer was delicious. Seafood with creamy flavorful sauce. Yummy tees leche.
Defining diversity in Fort Myers. Reasons this should be your favorite place to take visitors: 1. Talk about authentic. This family run restaurant has food that you can tell, they live for and love. They use South American herbs and meats to create a variety of dishes. The Parmesan scallops are incredible and the steaks are delicious. Order your steak medium rare, they are thin. 2. Their wine selection is wonderful. I had the Icon, awesome. 3. The staff is friendly and truly happy you are there. 4. It's a nice change from the standard Florida cuisine. They have a diverse menu from fresh italian to argentinian, so you can come back regularly and have a lot of different things. 5. Good for groups or just 2 people. Only request: I wish they had a spicy version of their dipping sauce.
OUR NEW FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN FORT MYERS No kidding. This place is special. It has only been open a fortnight and already it has developed a following. As we were leaving after lunch, they suggested we call for reservations if we come for dinner. And we will. We had a simple lunch, starting with empanadas clearly made with fresh ingredients, and delicious. For our main course, my wife had chicken & rice and I had the pork chop & rice.  So plain, yet so delicious. The pork chop and chicken had been marinated and came with a side sauce. Even the white rice had a hint of flavoring added that made it truly superior. On top of that, we couldn't resist the Tres Leches for dessert. I can't imagine a better lunch than this. This is a "mom & pop" restaurant run by very friendly and nice people. They call it an Argentinian, Peruvian and Italian restaurant, and they proudly make their own pasta. This is clearly a special place that will be highly successful. Food - 5 STARS Ambiance/Decor - 5 STARS Location - 4 STARS Service - 5 STARS
Found this place on accident so my husband and I decided to give it a try and it was fantastic! I would recommend anyone who enjoys trying food from different cultures to try this place! Lovely atmosphere too
Que rico!  This is the textbook example for restaurants wanting to know how to best combine great food, lovely presentation, and affordable pricing.   Dinner was a bounty of flavors and aromas.  My churrasco and mixed vegetables came directly from the wood grill on a plate accented by maduros.  So reminiscent of an Argentine parilla, the grilled meats here will make you salivate.   And the grill itself is within view of the dining room, so you can see the yellow flare ups before the plate arrives from the kitchen area, past a collection of Peruvian Nasca and other Incan styled tapestries on the wall as well as Argentinian cattlemen's souvenirs. My friends had plates of glorious seafood.  A white fish in savory red cream sauce.  Lightly breaded and fried shellfish on crisp lettuce. We shared a bottle of Argentinian malbec, and we shared a cup of delicious tres leches made with coconut milk laced with threads of coconut.   Thanks to Yelper, the "Duke" John D & his lovely wife for a fine dinner recommendation and a memorahle evening in Ft Myers!
The food was mediocre at best and the service was non existent. The side salad was something that I could put together at home. I ordered the picanha per the restaurants recommendation, along with rice and black beans.  The steak was overcooked and totally bland.  The black beans were also bland. The icing in the cake was that I had to ask a several times for a refill on my water.
Flavorful. This place serves delicious food. It is Peruvian and Argentinian food. Had the tamales, both chicken and the pork. They were very good. As entrees we had the rib eye steak with a fantastic chimichurri sauce. The steak was seasoned very well and the fries were even cooked to perfection. We also had the Aji de Gallina which is shredded chicken in a very flavorful and rich cream sauce. It is served with potatoes and rice. Two appetizers and two entrees only $45. This is a great place to try some different food. Highly recommended.
A hidden gem! When I say "hidden", I mean it. This place is tucked back into a corner of a sleepy little plaza that I've been past literally thousands of times, and I have never noticed it. The decor of El Gaucho's is really warm and inviting. The food ranges from Peruvian (no cuey?), Argentinian, and Italian, with a side of Asian. We ordered the Conchitas a la Parmesagna - scallops with melted parmesagn. These were polished off in a heartbeat, as we were scraping the scallop shells to get the last little bits of yum from them. For an entree, I had the Lomo Saltado con pollo (with chicken), white meat chicken in a kind of a reduced soy sauce served with rice and fries. (The Argentines love their papas fritas!) Our waiter (owner?) said this dish is the "hook" that keeps people coming back. It was delicious and my plate was clean. I would have licked it if it weren't uncouth to do so. I was also able to sample the fried rice with shrimp. There were more shrimp on that plate than I've ever seen in any other single dish in my life! (Served in the traditional manner with tails on.) It was probably THE best fried rice I've ever had. My father had the Bistec A Lo Pobre, a kind of Argentinian steak and eggs. Looked amazing and there was nothing left on his plate. I'll be going back to El Gaucho's for sure. Prices range from around $10 - mid $20's for filet mignon. We seemed to stay around $12 / person for food. The bottled beers were a bit pricy.
So good! The Lomo Saltado is incredible! What a hidden gem in Ft Myers!
Eaten here twice and both meals were memorable. Ceviche is outstanding, among the very best. Tonight I had the grilled ribeye...great piece of meat, done perfectly, and the chimichuri sauce on the side just made it spectacular.  Every dish top notch. Terrific service...ask for help with the menu if you need it...staff hsppy to make suggestions.  Just visiting for a few weekz but we can't get enough of this place.
IWow. Clearly 5 years of excile (apologies to my friends in Columbus GA) has made me appreciate good restaurants more than ever.  This place is a gem, and like a true gem it is a bit of a challenge to find (the location on Yelp is off by a quarter mile or so).  I am no expert in Peruvian food, but this is by far and away the best I have tried. My mother and I shared the pescado ceviche (white fish) at the Peruvian heat level. It reminded me of the Nobu in Tokyo.  It was also served with an interesting species of starcy corn prepared both wet and dry.  Will give details on mains and dessert later ...
Wandered off i-75 and found El Gaucho. It was definitely worth the stop.   Try the Chicha morada drink...good! The steaks and seafood looked appealing but wanted to avoid a sleep-inducing meal, so I opted for the Lomo Saltado. It hit the spot and found out that there was a large Chinese immigrant population that brought over Asian spices incl. soy sauce that the Saltado uses. The Lucuma Cake was awesome. Nice decor and friendly staff. Will need to return and try something new.
I can't not rave about this new hidden gem enough... we found this tucked away joint following a newspaper article on it.  They just need a sign near the street as we passed it twice looking for it. First I will start with the staff... super friendly and knowledgeable.  Our waiter knew every dish and wine inside and out.  We ordered all versions of the ceviche which were out of this world.  The wine was excellent that was recommended.  In particular I ordered the rice dish... it was a basic stir fry but got the hot sauce on the side and it made my dish pop! I was a little disappointed as the two desserts I eyed down were not available but maybe they will be next time.   Oh before I forget... don't hesitate in ordering additional bread.. the huacatay sauce it comes with will blow your mind... I can't wait to come back to Fort Meyers again in hopes of a second visit!
Growing up in the South Bay of Los Angeles means that you grow up with South Americans. I went to school with people from Ecuador, Peru, Argentina, Chile, Venezuela, Bolivia, Brazil, etc. When I saw the listing for El Gaucho Inca, I was thinking, "It has to be Argentine as well...GAUCHO?" So that is what it is, menu items from both Peru and Argentina. Argentina has a huge immigrant Italian community which influenced their dishes, so that's where the Italian dishes comes in, from Argentina. They had a huge menu to cover all kinds of dishes. I personally love both Peruvian and Argentine foods, but I decided to go with the ceviche mixto and asked to make it HOT. Of course, South American food isn't spicy, so I didn't expect it to be very hot. It came back as a "medium" for me. We also tried empanadas as appetizers since my husband had a hankering for them. They were OK. I really liked my ceviche. My husband ordered an Argentine steak.  Argentines love their meats and do right by them. It was very good. We also ordered a pitcher of chicha morada, the Peruvian purple corn drink. Think of it as Incan Kool-Aid. I find it delicious, and it was my husband's first time drinking chicha morada. He liked it so much, that we bought some from the little store in the back. Service was excellent. Our server Pilar gave us great attention. I think she appreciated that I liked Peruvian cuisine and knew something about it. Measured against the Peruvian places in the LA area, I would say this place could top most of them--5 stars for flavor and service.
Everything my group had was great! We had ceviche for an appetizer. I had never had ceviche before, but would definitely order it again if I was in the mood for seafood, very tasty! We also had the spinach ravioli with pesto sauce which was amazing. All of the ingredients seemed to be hand made, the ravioli was great and the sauce was probably the best pesto sauce I've ever had! The chicken and fried rice was very tasty as well, so they definitely proved that they could make a variety of different cuisines very well. If we are in the area again we would definitely make a stop back!
My boyfriend and I went to naples for the sunset on the beach. Then he decide to leave the crowd and find a quiet place for some seafood. Thanks to the yelp! We find this tinny but amazing place! Although we are Chinese and a little picky with food, but the dishes here make us want to dance!!!!
Mediocre! Went only once when they just opened and the service we got was awful. We ordered a bottle of wine along with our food. The bottle was not opened in our presence and it tasted as it had been sitting open for at least 2 days....yuck! When we call the waiter, instead of apologizing or bringing a brand new bottle, he just gave us attitude..... The food was nothing special either....never again will go to this place!!!
Sorry to rain on the five star parade, but I'm struggling to get what all the fuss is about. Granted, the lack of interesting choices along the Colonial corridor makes this place a welcome oasis, but it's not even the best Peruvian restaurant in town. I left after the first visit more than a year ago with the hope that they would establish and grow the concept, upgrading along the way. Two visits later and I'm feeling more regression than upgrade.
I love this place it's the best find in Fort Myers. Each time I go I try something different from the seafood to the steaks you can't go wrong. The food is fresh and cooked to order. Each time our meal has come out of the kitchen it is hot and steamy and you actually have to wait for it to cool down a bit to eat the food.  I am so tired of going to restaurants that only serve you food medium warm to warm it best. If you like a good steak, the Peruvians are known for good quality Steaks. That being said they have different cuts of meat than we have here in America. Try the top sirloin although it's not known for being tender in United States it is quite tender at this restaurant. The flavor of the top sirloin is fantastic. Atmosphere  5 Stars Service         5 Stars Quality          5 Stars
This place is great!! The Ceviche Mixto was pretty good, the Ceviche de Pescado (Sea Bass) was outstanding. The Jalea de Mariscos was just crunchy enough with a good assortment of seafood. The servings are generous. The huacatay sauce was a great accompaniment to everything!!! On top of that, the Chef/Owner M. Maldonado treated us to a side of an upcoming dish "Chicken Anticuchos" with Chimichurri, and that waz susperb. This time we didn't even try any of the other Argentinian dishes or Empanadas which I hear from my family whom had been to Inca Gaucho before, are also superb. Very friendly atmosphere. ENJOY your visit.
This place was terrible! My son and I just spent over fifty dollars for rice & seafood dishes that had been reheated in a microwave oven. The two dishes were huge and bowl shaped as they had zapped the leftovers and flipped the bowls over on our plates. The waitress forgot appetizer, a melted cheese and tomato dish and then explained that it took longer to melt cheese than cook rice dishes! We were honest when she asked how it was and she said "oh" and walked away. Later the hostess asked and we told her and asked for the check. We had barely touched our food. She brought a full priced check without apology. Bad food, bad service, dishonest business. Do not eat here!!!
We went to el gaucho after reading the great yelp reviews. Unfortunately we were disappointed. They overcooked our steaks and service wasn't very attentive. We won't be back.
Will definitely come back and try various dishes.  I have always loved Peruvian food.  Had the Lomo Saltado and it was good.  Service was good as well.
The Quinoa (i say KEEN wa they say kwi NO ah) cranberry salad is AMAZING. Other than salad, it's the only vegan option, (so only 4 stars)  but it is a pretty huge portion. I barely ate half and took the rest home. Vegan or not, you have to try it.
Deliciosa! Plantains, rice, beef, chicken and steamed vegetables... beautifully displayed and such a treat for my stomach! I had a lovely meal with my boyfriend, but the restaurant was almost empty... and we still had to wait a while for our food. When it finally came, everything was better. :) I also appreciated the waitress' willingness to ensure we were happy. She recommended wine, aerated it for us and checked on us frequently (but not too much). I'm not sure I'll go again, but I remember liking the food.
First time here, went based on all the great reviews.  None of our party of 4 are well versed in these cuisines but we were underwhelmed.  Nothing was bad, it was just bland.  The seafood paella had a lot of ingredients but not much flavor, and all 3 kinds of detectable seafood (mussels, calamari, bay scallops) were just a little chewy.  The dish was under salted as well. Argentinian steaks were prepared as ordered but unseasoned except for the chimichurri which was also pretty boring.  Our waitress was pleasant and very knowledgeable but clearly disappointed that we didn't take home the leftover paella, but we aren't big on reheated seafood so wouldn't have even if we'd enjoyed it more. Will try dining here again but were definitely disappointed in our first visit.
Absolutely amazing! Exceptional service, delicious food, a very unique dying experience! The Pescado del Macho (or something along those lines) was hands down the best fish I've ever had. We cannot wait to go back! Truly a gem of Fort Myers.
Absolutely superb. Great food in an in likely setting. The flavors were typical Peruvian and as good as what it had in Lima. They had an appetizer of yellow mashed potato topped with chicken and seafood two ways, each in a special sauce. May sound disgusting but the presentation was as beautiful as the flavors were good.
Skirt steak and veggies were fantastic.  Nice friendly atmosphere that works for business, groups or dates.  Love this place
I had the beef lunch special and it was simple and delicious. Fresh vegetables and meat perfectly cooked. The green sauce that comes with the bread at the beginning of the meal is delicious - I forgot what the waitress called it. It was spicy but in a complicated way, not just in an add-some-chili-powder way. The waitress was very nice and service was great. The décor of the restaurant is great too. Nice attention to detail. I look forward to going again.
Went Thursday night, what a find. Friendly service, casual atmosphere. very good food, interesting menu.  Food was tasty, well prepared and nicely presented. Prices were more than reasonable. Wine list was not great but you can find something to like. This place is definitely a find, although ironically, it was not easy to find off Colonial. We will be back. Not crowded yet, but should be in short time.
Do not be deceived. This place brings shame to Peruvian food. I ordered the ceviche which is a basic Peruvian meal. I ordered a pescado a lo macho. The guy told me it was swai which is in the sea bass family which is a lie. The fish was soggy and disgusting. The ceviche was mediocre. $50 down the drain.
Excellent steaks, I had the T-bone the wife had Rib eye. I didn't get our servers name, she was great, made an excellent wine suggestion. Next time in Ft Myers will be back at El Gauchos.
Best food in Florida! Inspired apps, fabulous Peruvian, Argentinian and Italian entrees. Stellar service from Mayra. Even the desserts and espresso were excellent! We were a party of seven, and we will all be back!
I was in town for about 8 days and visited this establishment twice.  I wanted to try a different dish from what I got the first time but ended up going with the same again.  Number 26 on the menu I think, a rather large filet of fresh caught white fish with squid, octopus and green mussels smothered in a wonderful spicy cream sauce.  Soooo delicious.  The staff was very nice and service was prompt.  If i ever find myself in Fort Myers again this will be a definite stop for me.
Great little place, almost hidden away in the plaza. Delicious food, waiter was very helpful and kind! Definitely will return to try more dishes.
This is my favorite new restaurant in Ft Myers! The food is delicious and the staff are super friendly, and very helpful with the menu. I only found out about El Gaucho Inca three weeks ago and I have already eaten there three times. I love the Lomo Saltado! I can't get enough Lomo Saltado. I am really going to have to venture away from this dish one of these days and try other entrees on the menu. Make sure you ask for some hot sauce with your entree. I forgot the name of the hot sauce, but it is awesome. It is extremely spicy, so a little bit goes a long way. It is not the huacatay sauce.  For desert the Torta de Lecuma is outstanding. I also crave this cake a lot. It is a big piece and can easily be shared by two. Even though I wanted it all to myself, I did share with my boyfriend and my friend. The flan is also very good.
Located in a nondescript strip mall type of thing, with no other businesses that operate during dinner hours, the parking lot was really empty on Thursday night. The restaurant was too. The service was perhaps too much so, as the waitress hovered over my table as I looked through the menu. The house salad is tiny for $3.00, but the Pescado a lo Macho, was really good. Would go back again. Prices are reasonable.
This is a great, new restaurant and absolutely deserving of your support. I can't speak to the service as we got our food to go (although everyone I met in the place was very nice) but the food was great. I've eaten a lot of great Peruvian and I put this right up near the top of the list. highly recommended.
I can't even begin to describe how exceptional this place is. Food, service and ambiance ...all A+. Try the Lomo Saltado! Just go. You won't be disappointed.
Amazing place to sit and relax while having well-prepared food being presented. This restaurant has great ambiance and nicely decorated interior. We can tell that the owner cares so much about how to make customers feel "comfortable" while enjoying their meals. Will definitely come back again and try more dishes.
Omg. So good. Everything was spectacular and beautiful presentation.  We will defiantly be going back and telling all our friends.  Full of flavor. Green sauce ... Freaking awesome.
What an amazing find in a desolate shopping center.  The food was delicious.  The options were plentiful.  The staff were nice and helpful.  Get here early as they do close at 9pm...although, what doesn't in south Florida?
I have never had a bad meal or bad service here.  The Parmesan scallop appetizer is to die for.
Quinoa salad was excellent! I wasn't terribly hungry so unfortunately didn't have a chance to try much else except the scallops, which were good but definitely an appetizer portion.
The food is excellent. The chef came to our table when she noticed my friend didn't eat all his churasco. She was worred my frien didn't like his steak. But he was taking the rest home to eat. I don't remember the name of the dish I had, but it was good. And the empenadas are the best around.
One of the great meals to remember. A huge, generous portion of ceviche, excellent rice dish, friendly service, fantastic.
Fantastic experience!  Tucked into a strip mall off of colonial blvd, the location may give some folks pause. That said, the atmosphere was great and the food and wine was even better. We had the scallops, mussels, and fish ceviche which were all outstanding (especially the ceviche). We had a couple bottles of Chilean and Peruvian malebac, which were also great. At the end of the night, the owner came by and made us a special dessert of crepes, nutella, and gelato. Highly recommended!
Amazing food and service!
Ate here with a group of 12.  The service was extremely good.  We were well taken care of.  The food is the best.  This is a Must if you are within a hour drive.
Overall very good, WAY better than the location would lead you to expect. Fair enough, if it was  $$$$ not $$ then one would deduct 1-2 stars for location and value, but as it is, it's outstanding. A terrific neighborhood Cuban/Latin food joint, well worth a visit if that scene tickles your fancy.
Tried this place and it was our best dinning experience in the FMB/Naples area.  Lemonade was made from scratch. I would highly recommend checking this out.
Fantastic food, the menu has something for everyone.    Sea food was fresh, the steak cooked perfectly and the staff was super.
Being new to the area, we are on the lookout for authentically prepared, flavorful foods at fairly priced restaurants.  After reading a review in the newspaper, we decided to try El Gaucho Inca Restaurant.  Oh my.  It was perfect.  Our waitress was gracious and enthusiastic about the offerings, described them eloquently, and we simply said, yes, choose for us.  Perfect. We had leche de Tigre, a special cerviche in a milk preparation, causa de polpo, a marinated polpo on a delightful Peruvian potato bed, and two different preparations of fish and seafood, perfectly prepared.  It was all delicious.  Our waitress went to great lengths to help us and was most accommodating. We will be back.
An experience that's hard to match in the area. Real food cooked by people who love and understand it. While its location isn't great, its also not in a run-down or over crowded location either-- just off the beaten path a little. Just go here, its great. Not much else to say... Well I guess I could say its friendly, intimate, clean, and delicious!
We had three fish dishes and all were excellent. One was  a fried medley. The fish in this was outstanding and over shadowed the rest which was well executed. The other two were sea bass in cream sauces. One was yellow and the other was orange. Both were excellent. The fish literally melted in your mouth. I didn't understand the server very well, but she was very enthusiastic and attentive. Use the pictures on the menu and ask questions. Very spicy here does not equate to a lot of spice. Ask for a side of the aji pepper sauce. It may take two to heat up the sauce, if you like heat. If you have the opportunity, sit where you can observe the kitchen show. It was behind me so I missed most of it but the sizzle caused me to turn around and observe the pyrotechnics a few times. Skip,the house wine.
What a great surprise to find such authentic Peruvian and Argentinian food in Fort Myers. The tamale was superb and the service was excellent. We will put this place on the top of our list of favorites. Well worth the drive from wherever you are.
I just moved here from the west coast. This is very authentic.  Everything is made fresh.  It may take a little longer to cook,  but worth the wait.   Very much like home cooking with love into each dish.
one of my favorites in town
Shhh...don't tell; it's getting crowded.  Great home-made fairly authentic Peruvian and Argentinian food.  Service not great; wait can be long; go early or late.  Haven' had anything we didn't really like.  Not the place for vegetarians/vegans, slim pickens.  Nice atmosphere and great to have good ethnic food in town.
great lil place. great food and service.
We loved this place so much we ate their twice in one week during our stay in Florida. The 3 fish crevice was awesome and a meal in itself. Try the Bistec with rice, egg, and plantains - very very delicious. In NY where I call home, there are many excellent Peruvian and Argentinean restaurants - this place could compete easily with all of them. Loved it!
After reading positive reviews, we decided to try this place for dinner.  Driving up to a small plaza with this restaurant in the corner, we were a little hesitant to go in.  Thank goodness we did.  The place is intimate and immaculate.  We were greated and served by Daniela, whose pleasant attitude started the night right.  She recommended our apetizers after some wine, we had mixed ceviche and scallops.  Both were wonderful.  Our Argentinian Steaks were cooked and seasoned perfectly and the flan we had for desert was the perfect ending.  You have to try El Gaucho Inca and ask for Daniela.  A great find in Fort Myers!
We saw the fine yelp reviews and tried this place, looking for authentic ethnic cuisine.  I had the sea bass, and a Peruvian vegetable served like plank fries, with 3 Peruvian dipping sauces.  My friend had lasagna.  Bread was uninspired, the other food was very good but not outstanding.    family run, attentive staff was a welcome contrast to the standard American fare usually available in the area.
This unexpected place is too good to not share, but I'm hoping that we can always bring a party of 6 on a Friday night without having to wait forever! After a warm greeting, and a server who was fine with opening our own bottles of wine (corkage is around $15), we began our tasting adventure (by the way, do NOT let the pictures on their website and the menu deceive you...they do not do the food justice!). Even if you're already a fan of these regions' cuisine, I highly recommend just doing lots of appetizers! From any of the mussel appetizers (choros del vino is out of this world), to the beef heart (Anticuchos), to the most amazing ceviche (mixto is my fave), you cannot go wrong. The chorizo and sweetbreads (though a bit fatty) are so tasty, especially when dipped into their homemade Chimichurri. And the light green sauce of love that accompanies the bread (though the bread is slightly disappointing in its substance) is good on anything and everthing. El Gaucho has put some passion into their menu and the traditional generous and hospitable Latino service is in great supply, from owners to servers alike. Don't miss this place if you are looking for something deliciously different!!
We really wanted to like this restaurant. The seafood was disappointing, not fresh but more of a Costco frozen quality. Their best steak with pasta dinner was overly tough and difficult to chew. Very friendly. We would not return.
