Stopped in after checking Yelp reviews.  We wanted a place to watch Thursday night football, or the Detroit Tigers game or Jeter's last home Yankees game.  Turns out, all were on!  Also hoped for some local craft beer.   Tried the IPA from Point Ybel and it was great.   Also shared the Cuban sandwich and the short rib quesadilla-both were delish.  Good service, decor was fine.  Two thumbs up for Fat Kats!
We stopped for a bite to eat before heading to the spring training game. We opted to sit outside because the inside looked a bit dated. This used to be some sort of fast food place and it looks like they haven't done much of updating the dining room.   We ordered a few things to share.  The perogis were big and filling.  The Carolina style wings were delicious and the home made blue cheese was probably the best I have ever had. We also split the shrimp BLT and that too was tasty. My only gripe was that all of our food was cold.  I'm not sure if the waitress didn't bring it out in time or if the kitchen doesn't have warmers, but our very tasty food became mediocre because it was all served room temperature.
Third times a charm!  Finally able to order the home made pierogies and they were so good. Not sure if they are really worth the $10 price for four pieces but last two times here they were out so needed to try.  Split these as an appetizer with 3 people. They have a nice outdoor patio but seats are not real comfy. Veggie burger is made of black bean and veggies with spinach and pepper jack cheese which gives it a nice little kick. Very flavorful. Over generous portion of fries. Gave half of them away and still couldn't finish. Table mates got the pork banh mi Sammie which is marinated and has hoisin and siracha. Was told it was quite yummy as well. And no complaints with the burger so all in all 4 stars for the food Server was the reason for minus point. She was what I call a minimalist type.  Drops three sets of silverware on table in a pile. Did same with plates. Ask a question and she half answers while walking away. Only smile was when she dropped off check. Very abrupt in all aspects. But will come back as the food is consistent and worth it.
This is one of Ft Myers best kept secrets!! The food is so fresh, and always a great selection. They use fresh local ingredients when possible and their chef is quite talented and adventurous.  They have daily specials that are out of this world! I love all of their sandwiches and my favorite wing flavor is the Caribbean Jerk.  They have an excellent craft beer selection that changes from time to time so that you can always try something new. The wait staff is super friendly and will make you feel like a part of the family. Plenty of TV's to catch all the games on.  This is my first choice when someone asks me to pick a casual restaurant.
Our waitress linda was great, she took great care of us. She was polite but didn't schmooze, which was perfect. Our drinks never ran out, the food was ridiculously good, two of had the bistro burger and it was the best burger I have eaten ever. The perrogies were awesome . Great meal.
Freaking awesome! Great burgers and wings!!! You can really taste the high quality ingredients. Even though they were packed the service was still great! This was my first time, but definitely won't be my last.
Decided to try the place out for the first time. Went at about 1:30pm on Sunday, doors were locked and no one home. No posting on the door or anything. The times on yelp showed it to be open, and I couldn't find the store hours on the side / front door. Did this location close?
We have been coming here for the last year and it has been getting progressively busier. I guess the secret is out... Here is what keeps us coming back: 1. Beers on tap- there is always at least one    decent IPA on tap plus an assortment of both Euro and craft beers. A perfect place to expand your beer repertoire 2. Gastropub food at its finest- burgers, flatbread and an assortment of inspired sandwiches at a quality level to satisfy a beer loving foodie 3. The fries (love) 4. Cheap, yummy eats 5. Consistently good (wait staff service, beer and food) 6. Dog friendly patio I love this place and recommend it often; but be forewarned- it is not aseptically clean My request- more local Floridian craft options- the rare stuff
This is a must go for a sports bar burger kinda place with a flare. Excellent service, great homemade and unique food, good sports bar. My mom had the brisket sandwich, my dad had the fat katz burger. I had the sushi, which was the daily special - amazing. All was amazing and unique. Plus I had this really good hawaiian beer that is pineapple flavored. Yummy. It's really easy parking and super friendly service. It's kid friendly.
Cuban & Bistro Burger were fantastic.  Huge portions, shoestring hand cut fries, garlic mayo, fresh home made bun.  Better food and not near as crowded as Cracker Barrell!  Nice comfortable, relaxed atmosphere. Really good service too!
Catch a game and have the Banh Mi and a beer.
Had some great food here recently with my family, weekday lunch.  Great Onion Rings and beers. Fish offerings were very tasty, as were burgers. Great varied menu.
What a find! We were looking for a place to eat after checking into our hotel and decided on Fat Katz because it was stones throw close. The building is a bit on the smallish side, but it has many tv's and lots of traditional beer and sports decor. There's also an outdoor patio if you prefer to eat outside. We chose a hightop near the bar and were greeted almost immediately by our server, Stacy (who is way cool). After a few minutes with the better than average pub menu, the Mrs. ordered the fish sandwich and I took Stacy's advice and ordered the shrimp blt. Both sandwiches (served with homemade fries) were served hot from the kitchen and were delicious! Mrs. and I both agreed that they were two of the best pub sandwiches we had in long time. It was a little early for us to order beers, but there are many to choose from and something for all tastes. If you are a local or someone in town to be close to the airport, you gotta try Fat Katz, a definite 5 star place.
Nice little place just off the highway. Perfect place to stop for lunch during a road trip. We had the special: bbq brisket sandwich. It was very tasty.
Waiting, waiting, waiting. Seating ourselves to a 1/2 empty restaurant we WAITED. We tried to catch the eye of Judy; the waitress who walked by our table at least 8 times without so much as asking for a drink order or to say that she would be right with us. I think we started counting how many times Judy actually averted her gaze from us every time she passed! We did finally get Linda (attentive server) to help and we ordered.  Bistro Turkey sandwich for me and Boursin Burger for my guy; both yummy and accompanied by homemade chips. Atmosphere was small and the bar filled up with "regulars" but overall clean, reasonable priced food and if you don't mind smelling like "fried burgers" pretty yummy!
Stopped here for lunch on my way to a meeting and what a lucky find.  Great beer selection and their blackened shrimp BLT is a shining example that Florida knows how to do a seafood sandwich.   Note about the beer list- It's a little IPA heavy but that's pretty common right now.  I was really impressed to see Lagunitas on tap here only a few spaces away from St Bernardus 12. Service - Friendly and quick.
We were staying by airport because we had a really early flight the next morning and check yelp for dinner ideas and they came up.  The yelp comments are VERY correct - this doesn't look like much on the outside but really good food at very reasonable prices.   Food was fresh made and quick - restaurant was about half full but as we left about 7:30, was starting to fill up more.  Wife had the short rib casadea - exactly what you expect; ribs braised for a long time the put on warp with onions and very cheesy.  Burger were huge at next table;  i had a sandwich,  very nice but bread to meat ratio was little off so that is way they get four stars 9along with not being a full bar)   I would recommend this place over the other chain places around it.  Extensive beer selection and some good wines at resonable prices whcih can be a problen in FL in winter season near airport.
Found this place near my hotel.  I usually am dubious of any place that spells "cats" with a "K " and a "Z", but I figured it my be the owner's last name:-) I am glad I ignored it.  This place is a little gem.  Great beer selection and good service.  All the wait staff was very nice, even though they were very busy.  Everything I ordered was brought promptly.   The location is a bit out of the way, but only a bit.  It is a very utilitarian building, but no biggie.  They have outdoor seating and a bar, so what more do you need. I was craving wings, so I ordered the Caribbean Jerk.  The wings were cooked to perfection.  Yum.  The jerk sauce was a bit weak though, which is why this place didn't get 5 stars.   I hear the burgers and perogies are awesome too.  I will definitely be back.
BEST place to eat in ft myers. and kaitlynn is the coolest nicer server bartender there is .. SHRIMP BLT on GREAT BREAD. can i eat that EVERY NIGHT.. best fries in SW Florida.. i love the beer selection. can they NOW BUY A BIGGER location? inside or outside eating and drinking its outstanding.. everything it great that i 've tried and its ALWAYS fresh which is important to me..   its next to cracker barrel .. many never heard of it but .. once you find it . you will be hooked.. jersey joel
Blackened prime rib sandwich is killer...can't wait to get into the menu more...def. Will return and recommend trying.
A friend introduced me to this place recently and it was great.  The Burgers are the best off of Daniels by far and the menu is equally awesome.  The craft beer selection is really unique and they are always bringing in new beers.  Imagine World of Beer + Lindbergers in Naples. I recommend Fat Katz to anyone burning time at the airport or if your around Daniels Road.
Thrilled to have this little joint nearby. Tiny sports bistro in the former Starbucks at Daniels & 75. Entire menu is "from scratch" and it shows. Two visits and we've tried the gumbo, Cuban, pizza, burgers, perogis, stuffed grape leaves, short rib quesadilla, and a couple of salads. I'd order everything again. That's saying something. Great craft beer selection on draft. A dozen TV's. Friendly, cute staff. This place is a winner.
Really great burger. It's the perfect combination, burgers and beer. Had the short rib burger, bun, toppings and meat were excellent. Service was great. Really glad to find this place. Thanks Yelp for the help.
Stopped here for a late lunch. Good selection of unusual draft beers. Took the advise of other reviewers and highly recommend the blackened shrimp BLT.
Great burgers, beer and prices.  Stopped in for a quick bite.  Pleasantly surprised. Great assortment of burgers and beers.  Decor is a little sparse but the food was excellent and so was the service.  Defiantly would go again
Different strokes for different folks. This place was just ok for me. The building is way too small for all the people there. The staff was great as was the service. I had the Bistro burger and my wife had some kind of blackened shrimp sandwich, which looked very good. The burger was good, but didn't set me on fire. The chicken wings that I had as  an app were excellent. I ordered the hot wings, crispy, with the sauce on the side. I'd go back for that alone. The menu was pretty standard, but probably worth going back for to try something new.  I just won't be going back soon. Worth a try though.
Tried to eat here this evening with out of town guests. I always rave about the food, so they were excited. We waited a while and they reluctantly offered us a table outside.  Felt like we were a huge inconvenience to them so we walked out.
The bistro burger is the best burger I have ever had in my entire life.  The unique flavors and textures are phenomenal.  The beef patty by itself is just fantastic.  But when you marry that with the short ribs, onion straws, perfect bleu cheese, and a homemade bun...what more can I say?   The place was really bright.  The staff was really great.  The facilities were clean. My wife and kids each had a different burger than I did.  They also believed that theirs was one of the better burgers that they have ever had.  The quality of the products that the chef is using shines through. The fries were thin cut.  The chef was a little too generous on the salt and really did not need to be.  But other than that everything was fantastic.   This is a must try if you live in the area. As an aside, I like my burgers well done.  They executed it perfectly.  Perfectly well done.  Juices still flowing.  Great job to the staff and owners!
There was no wait, seating outside was nice. The waitress was attentive and the menu, while simple, was anywhere from salad to burgers and sandwiches. My burger was amazing, the fries were just okay.
Really unexpected, but really good.  Intended to go to the Cracker Barrel next door, but had a last moment change of heart to try this place.  I had the burger and fries, medium well.  Was cooked perfectly with just a hint of pink.  Roll was awesome.  Fries were cooked perfectly.  Had a bite of the Cuban sandwich and they don't skimp out by putting a piece of salami on it, it was real fresh pork with the ham and cheese.  Would order either next time, and there definitely will be a next time.
I read the reviews and knew that I had to give this place a try. My first experience with Fat Katz was great. I came late and had the "bacon bleu" burger and thought it was awesome. I loved the fries and my appetizer in the pierogies was a nice treat. My server was attentive and friendly. For that I would have given them five stars. I was so jazzed, I had to go back again! My second visit was kind of strange. After I sat down, a server came by and gave me the specials and took my drink order. She disappeared and another server took her place. I asked for the seafood "gumbo" that I had been told about. I was quickly corrected and informed that it was a "chowder". Well excuse me. It was all downhill from there. Server was rude and took forever to get me my check and the 911 burger wasn't nearly as good as the bacon bleu. I could have seen myself going back again and again, but... nah. So, five stars for the first visit and two for the second. It all averages out.
Damn good all around!  Stopped by late after hockey 11p Kitchen still open, great meatball sandwich, scratch made food  friendly folks and really good draught & bottle selection,  almost  as many tvs as chairs. Will definitely be a regular stop now. -- Continuing to work my way thru menu and specials. Food is always good service is typically spot on. Great burger, flatbreads, wings, pirogies, cheesecake .... unfair to  call this fast food just because it comes out of the kitchen quickly. Good rissoto from a fast food place - no way - but they have it here!
I was hankering for a good burger so my husband took me here for the first time.  I had the Western burger and it was by far one of the best burgers I have ever had!  Cooked perfectly and so flavorful!  The atmosphere is good with a small bar but the food is awesome!  Go!
We visited Fat Katz last weekend for an afternoon of college football. Bar is small, nicely decorated, and has lots of tvs. Didn't try the food, so we can only speak to the drinks. Our server was nice and attentive, and Bud Lights were only $2 as long as you bought 6 (it was some kind of bucketless bucket special). On the other hand, drafts were quite pricey for a small bar in Ft. Myers, $7 for a Pumking draft. The selection of drafts is really nice though, and Fat Katz has more than the usual selection of just Bud, Miller, and Coors. Nice bar to spend an afternoon.
Great little Yelp find here. Tons of craft beers, and a creative menu. The fish tacos were primo. Mahi Mahi sandwich was a special and it was also great. Pierogies were top notch. Cigar City Jai Alai was a nice beer paired with my meal. Would go back.
Found Fat Katz on YELP when we needed a lunch spot in this area. GREAT FIND!  Patio is dog friendly, staff is customer friendly, and food is fresh, made from scratch, DELISH! Large beer selection, decent wine selection, happy hour, great sandwiches, flat bread pizzas, salads, sides. Hand cut fries, generous portions, reasonable prices. Bring Fido, sit on the patio and watch your favorite sport on one of the TVs. Enjoy the SW FL weather and great food. Life is good!
This place is not too far from us and Imust say we heard nothing but great things about this place so we decided to try it and I must say it was delicious....we had short rib quesidillas which were out of this world and the burgers are also very tasty.....I give this place 5 stars for the service and beer specials as well....Great Place!!! a must go.
This is definitely a gem! The food is great even the second time around. However, the Meatball Sub is a bit overly spiced with garlic:/ you can practically smell it coming from the kitchen. Thats pretty much the ONLY bad thing I could possibly say about the food. The specials are great, different each time and they too are pretty friggin good. Perogies are fantastic, the Spare RIb Quesadillas are soooo good, the Shrimp Bok Choy wrap was an explosion of flavor, and the burgers are quite hearty. Love, love, love the food! Thank goodness someone who ACTUALLY knows what theyre doing here in Florida. Now youre probably thinking, if she loves the food so much, why not 5 stars...this is why. The service is extremely sub-par. As a waitress, I like to engage with my customers to make sure they're experience is so good they want to come back for more, especially when you have good food you can actually sell. If youre cup is empty, you better signal them with bright neon lights to get a refill, not sure if even that could help. Each visit we received ONE napkin setting, just one. Its a bar with bar 'finger' foods, I know I will be messy. So make sure you ask ahead of time that way youre not waiting, and waiting.....and waiting for napkins. If you dont mind not being taken care of and just want some GREAT food, beers and ESPN, you DEFINITELY need to check it out!!!
The food is shockingly good.  It's so much better and more creative than you would expect from a small sports bar.  Many folks would go to a sports bar to watch a game, have beer, socialize with friends and have bit to eat while your there.  This food is worthy of a destination meal, visit just for the food.  Of course the friendly faces, TV's and beer are worthy of the visit as well.  Check it out.
Fat Katz is a small restaurant that seems to have a lot going for it. The location is accessible to traffic coming on/off the highway and it's located right near the airport. I had one of the cheeseburgers and a few beers. Let me tell you, they have a great craft beer selection! No Bud Light or Miller Light here... They serve the good stuff! The fries were fresh cut and were in similarity to Five Guys (but a little thinner). They were great. The only thing that I wasn't too crazy about was the burger. It was cooked just fine, but there was something about the seasoning that I wasn't too thrilled about. It may just be my taste buds, but my girlfriend seemed to agree as she ordered one as well. All-in-all, I thought Fat Katz was a great place to grab some lunch... Next time, I'll have to try something other than the burger.
Just moved to the area and was trying to find a sports bar to watch some Sunday football. After searching Yelp I decided on Fat Katz and I was not disappointed. Great wing and beer special! The service was fantastic! My beer was never empty and I never waited for anything. I will definitely he back.
Thank you, Yelp for helping us find this place on our way from St. Pete to Miami! Our server Selena was very nice and quick to answer allergy questions. By the way, they only use pure canola oil. My husband and I decided to split the burger special, a prime rib burger with provolone and grilled onions on homemade, sun-dried tomato focaccia. The meat was so tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned. Their fries were thin and crispy, but not anything that special. Our little boys split a burger and fries and it was just the right amount if food for them. I tried a bite of the meat and it was good too. I'm tempted to go again on the way back!
The food at Fat Katz can't be beat -- I was told everything (everything!) is home-made by the owners, down to the sauces, buns, dessert, etc. I have yet to order everything on the menu yet (slowly making my way through it as I frequent this special place) but every time I order something new, I am always happy and never disappointed. (even when ordering things I personally usually don't order in restaurants). Service is great and quaint, small but bright and open atmosphere. Love the bar set up!
This one of the best places so far that I have eaten in florida. We went to this place on recommendation from fellow yelpers.  It was a beautiful night so we sat out on the patio.  The service was quick and the waitress was nice.we had the enchalida because everyone was raving about it. It was worth it. The meat was delicious and tender, you could eat this as a meal. It is large. I had the turkey with cranberry relish sandwich.. they charge u for extra relish so watch The out for that.  The french fries we so good. Crunchy and perfectly salted. My mom got the cuban and my dad got a chicken sandwich. Everyone loved their dinner. My father says this place is a rare find in florida. They plan to go agajn soon and take some of thier friends. Check it out it is worth a try.
Just had the best food ever!!!! It's my new favorite place:))
Woohoo as good as it gets!
This is real food.... yes real.  Don't let sports bar lead you to think it's like every other sports bar.  We have been there several times and were there again last night.  Uh-oh... they've been discovered.  Can't imagine what it will be like in true "season" and especially when spring training is happening at nearby ballparks. Especially like their chicken fingers.  That is a misleading name.  They are strips of real chicken and seem to be freshly cooked.  Burgers are fantastic.  Haven't had anything bad yet after 4 or 5 visits. Only complaint is the smoking in the ample outdoor area.  Would be so nice to sit out there without it.  Wish they didn't allow it. Happy hour seems to have regulars after work. Great for families.  Good items on children's menu, but it is verbal, not printed.  Try the delicious grilled cheese or the same yummy chicken fingers as for the big people. Service is excellent: enthusiastic, attentive. Really, really like this place.  Help them make it!
Surprising little place. I think it's a renovated fast-food restaurant that has been turned into a comfortable bar/sports lounge. The food was the standout, simple classics, honestly prepared and very good. Service was attentive, upbeat and generally excellent.
Great Cuban Sandwich, service & atmosphere!  Can't wait to return!
Good food.  Good price.  Fair service.
We've been back several times and every meal has been excellent. All ingredients are fresh. Pizza is great as well as the burgers. Solid craft beer selection as well. Overall, this may be my favorite hidden gem in Fort Myers.
Just needed to add to my previous review because both the cheesesteak and the shrimp BLT (blackened, please!), ordered since then, were so unbelievably tasty. I admit I wasn't thrilled with the crust on the flatbreads, though toppings were very good. Still five stars--best cheesesteak EVER, and this shrimp sandwich is better than I'd even hoped!
Arriving in FL from the chilly Northeast, it was great to eat outdoors on the nice patio.  The service was excellent and the menu choices were innovative pub options.  I had the teriyaki wings which were perfect while my husband had a burger with mushrooms and my daughter had a flatbread (pizza) option.  They were all fairly priced and delicious.  The rating, arrived at by all of us, was due to the length of time to get our meals. I didn't think it was excessive because quality food takes time but I guess hunger influenced an otherwise spotless review!
Delicious food served piping hot & very generous portions.   There were four of us at lunch; ordered short rib quesadilla, blackened shrimp BLT, classic burger, & chicken tenders and the onion straws.  Everyone was happy with the quality & tastiness of the food.  The hand cut fries which came with the sandwiches were pretty much forgotten once we sampled the sweet & crispy onion straws.  Definitely will return.
Excellent food - ambience is not great - mostly sports bar and big outdoor terrace but food was really delicious, fresh and also the beer was great!
Went here two nights in a row some of the best chicken wings I've had and to wash them down a large beer selection.  Also had the blacken shrimp blt, wonderful.  Next time I am in the area will definitely return.  This place is close to JetBlue park.
Came here on a whim trying to kill an hour while on vacation. It was exactly what I was looking for in terms of a low-key, local bar with a good selection of beer and plenty of sports on TV. The bartender was attentive and talkative. Pretty much full of locals but I didn't feel out of place walking in and drinking a couple beers.
I can't say enough about this place, the food is always fresh and prepared perfectly. From the Cuban and the bistro burger down to the wings, it's all amazing. Limited seating inside and out but well worth the wait. The beer list is extensive, front and back of the page with both draft and bottles that are continuously changing so you can always try something new from around the country.
Okay, flat out the best and most creative sandwich menu around.  We've been there several times first alone, then with friends after Red Sox games.  Everyone's review of their sandwiches was fantastic (our friends have owned several restaurants in MA - took a to go menu with him to 'adapt" one of them back home this summer).  I had the blackened shrimp BLT - to die for!  Friendly service staff - clean, but plain re. decorations, etc.  Looking for a menu with excellent, unique sandwich options cold beer or wine - reasonable prices, you've found it!
Fort Myers is fortunate to have this place!  Creative and fresh made food by owner chef. Braised Sparerib Quesadillas are excellent! Still craving them! Fat Katz Pizza - very fresh & tasty Grape leaves with sauce are delicious. Impressive craft beer selection with ability of staff to direct you to the right one for your taste and basic but decent wine selection.  Menu has appetizers, sandwiches, soup, salads & pizzas. Atmosphere is casual sports bar but not too much so if you aren't into sports with an outdoor patio.  Not a fine dining place but we haven't food this good at a restaurant since can't remember when and we are in restaurants all over the country on a continual basis! While staying at the Comfort Inn, we noticed the good reviews so walked across the parking lot to try Fat Katz. The cute and friendly waitress provided spot on recommendations. She informed us that Fat Katz was recently opened by a couple who had been in the restaurant industry for years and wanted to try it on their own.  Our only wish is that this restaurant was in a location where we could visit more often, would try everything on the menu!
Nice beer selection. Our appetizer was good. As was my wife's sandwich she had ordered. My issue was with my wings. I asked for crispy, they most certainly were not. The sauce was okay. I would go back for the beer and a burger or sandwich. I am going to stay away from the wings.
Have eaten lunch here a few times and the food has been very good. I have had wings, burgers, pierogies, pizza and have enjoyed them all. My only complaint is that service has frequently been slow and several times someone in my party did not get the right meal but it was quickly rectified.
We tried the garlic parmesan wings and the Jalapeno burger with fries. The wings were crispy and excellent, the burger was spot-on, and the service was very good. We recommended the place to 2 friends and they said the same about the wings. However, their service was pretty bad with just 6 patrons in the restaurant...  Their beers were empty for 30 minutes and they waited 45 minutes for wings. They did let the manager know after they got their food and he promised to fix it. After our second visit, the wings were still perfect. Best wings in town.
I have eaten at Katz at least 20 times. The food is always great. For sure a top spot in Ft. Myers. Service has slipped the last couple visits, however. Long waits for refills and a general neglect from some servers.
Great experience! Attentive and friendly server! Great selection of craft beers. Food was awesome! Perogies, fish tacos, and wings were fantastic! Highly recommend.
visting the area recently and found this place on Yelp so thought we'd check it out. i really enjoyed my turkey sandwich.  my husband chowed down his burger so quick I didn't even see it!.  and we both loved the fries. I wanted a beer or two but we went for lunch and had things to do so I plan to go back when I can enjoy the great tap lineup.  it's near the ballpark where the Twins play during spring training so I know we'll be back.
Went to Fat Katz with friends for dinner and drinks. Food was perfect, everyone loved everything they had. All the food is made in house. Our server was very nice and fast with the beers. It doesn't get better for the price.
What a wonderful welcome to Florida. Our server Sierra was the very best she made our visit. Our meal was excellent. If you are looking for a very good meal and atmosphere this is the place.
I have ate here about 10 times and have never had one bad bite. It is amazing, I go here for lunch as much as possible. They also have a great selection of draft beers to choose from. I would definitely recommend Fat Katz to anyone looking for a great meal.
Great place.  Service was attentive and helpful. Food was delicious.  Beer selection is fantastic.  Try this place if you are in the area.
Really great spot with all menu items made from scratch. Try the mushroom & Swiss burger or the fish tacos. They have a very large selection of draft and bottled beer. Many HD TV's inside and outside on their patio. Very close to the airport, so it's a great stop before or after a flight. I will definitely come back.
Large fun beer selection. We ordered the Southern Pier Pumking and while it is a wild flavor it was something fun to try. They have a large selection of unique flavors, which they were very kind in offering samples of. The bistro burger was delicious, however, the medium was more like well-done. Something to keep in mind. The shrimp BLT was good. A lot of bread but a good amount of shrimp and good flavor. The 911 burger was not very spicy but still tasty. The Katz house salad was a 2 out of 5. Room for improvement. Pretty plain and simple. Overall neat place to try out.
I have only been here once and ordered the spicy jalapeno burger, it was very good and would definitely eat it again They have a nice outdoor patio but seats are not real comfy.  Over generous portion of fries. Gave half of them away and still couldn't finish. Table mates got the pork banh mi Sammie which is marinated and has hoisin and siracha. Was told it was quite yummy as well. And no complaints with the burger so all in all 4 stars for the food Server was the reason for minus point. She was what I call a minimalist type.  Drops four sets of silverware on table in a pile. Did same with plates. Ask a question and she half answers while walking away. Only smile was when she dropped off check. Very abrupt in all aspects. But will come back as the food is consistent and worth it.
I enjoyed the sliders. Just looking over the menu shows creativity and a willingness to be different than the rest. This place dares to be different and I like that. I will definitely be back to further explore the inspiration of a menu. Prices are reasonable for the food. The place is small to where it feels homey. And a fair amount of outdoor seating as well.
I've been to Fat Katz a couple of time and have been very impressed.  Being new to Ft. Myers (having moved here from San Francisco) it can be difficult to find restaurants with great beer lists and great food. Katz has both.  The smoked pastrami sandwich (a special I believe) is absolutely amazing. Juicy, sultry, delicious.  I highly recommend a visit to Fat Katz.
Fantastic food and a great craft beer selection. We had the Cuban and bistro burger and it was delicious. Small place you might have to wait for seating but it is worth the wait!
I really like this place.  The craft beer selection is solid, and the food is actually really tasty for a local bar.  Getting into the parking lot is a trick, but after that, it's smooth sailing.  Both inside and outside seating are a win.
I really enjoyed this establishment. Very clean, friendly staff. The beer selection is very nice for a small burger joint. The burgers, wow! They were off the chaiiiin. Talk about using real beef to make them patties. I would recommend this place to anyone.
The waitress was great however the food has little to be desired. The club sandwich uses poor quality ingredients and the shrimp on the shrimp BLT (like a po' boy) tastes like it was frozen. Overall poor quality food. Would give 1 star but the waitress/staff saved it a little.
This is a place to take an appetite. Could not eat all of the order. The craft beer selection is awesome with a little bit of everything. Definitely recommend.
Came here to watch the NCAA men's championship game.  Plenty of TV's inside and outside. Walking distance from the Comfort Inn is a plus.  Beer specials during the game, 6 bottles of domestic for $12 . . . AND . . . if you don't finish them they give you a token to redeem the rest on a later visit.  I thought that was pretty cool. The biggest surprise was the food though.  Slammin.  I had the Philly Cheese Steak, it was better than the one I had in Philadelphia.  Just incredibly tasty as well as the fries. Price . . . let's just say I got those 6 bottles and meal for under $25 after tax.  Well worth it would be an understatement. If there was "one negative" it would be that they don't serve "liqour" only beer.  But hey they aren't trying to be a full bar, they serve food, wine and beer and do a damn good job of it. Free Wifi to boot.  My one mistake was, even though the bucket special was great, I kind of wish I would of went in another direction and tried their many beer selections.  Good thing is the food left such a good impression I'm sure I'll be back to give them more love.
Unique menu, craft beers and friendly wait staff. This is a great place for lunch. They have inside and outside dining.
