Annual trip to Ft Myers and we were cravin' some 'que. Everywhere we looked seemed to yield 2-3 star establishments...we really wanted a 5 star BBQ from somewhere that we couldn't eat at back home (e.g. Famous Daves) so we tried BurgerQue. This delightful little place is cozy and nondescript. It has a pick-up window and a dining area, but you would probably drive right by if you didn't know it was there. My fiancé says there is a solid beer menu, so he was happy. We ordered the BBQ smothered/loaded fries, which were amazing. Their pulled pork and sauce were great and it had a nice mix of cheese and meat. We ordered the chicken and the half rack to split. Our sides were coleslaw, mac and cheese (totally blah), corn bread, and tater tots. The corn bread was really solid and had real pieces of corn, but the other sides were blah at best. The ribs were hands down the best that we have ever eaten. We are BBQ fans and love ribs. They were tender and juicy, but still had a nice perfect char on the outside. I don't know what they were sauced with, but It was tangy and sweet. The chicken was decent, but not our favorite. They ask you how much char you want, which is nice, but it just wasn't the se kind of unforgettable that the ribs were. We wish we could have just ordered a full rack of ribs with cornbread. Overall I think we spent $45 for two meals, an appetizer, and a few beers. I HIGHLY recommend going to BurgerQue. You won't regret it and it hadn't fallen victim to the trend of overpriced "beach food" like a lot of Ft. Myers.
I'd like to post an update. The service has gone down *slightly* as the location gets busier. The waitresses tend to forget small details. The other day, we sat down and no one came to serve us. We were about to get up to leave when a bus boy came by with a puzzled look on his face. Turns out a waitress didn't tell the bus boy that we weren't the table that sat there previously. So, they didn't bring menus or anything. He thought we were the previous party (how does that even happen?). We usually tip very well, but decided against it that day. Other than that, food is still good. Also, they may need to expand the dining area. Large groups of people make it hard to move and go to the bathroom. Parties who like to smoke cigarettes also bother those of us who do not like the smell and would prefer not to be around those who do so while eating food. So this could be an issue.
Just left. I'll start with the staff. All were extremely friendly and they all had a smile on their face. Beer:  had a decent yet small selection of craft beers. 10 taps with a selection of a local beer, dog fish, southern tier, then bud lite.  Probably 20 different bottles of craft. Food:  I had the brisket sandwich. The beef was tender but had NO flavor of smoke what so ever. They smothered it in a BBQ sauce before bringing it out. Fries were store bought and the cole slaw was ehhhh at best. Wife had a cheese burger. It was served on martins potato bread that you would get from your local supermarket.  Mac and cheese: the elbows were ok bit the cheese had no flavor and she had store bought tator-tats.  Would like to have seen a thicker patty, it was about the same size as steak and shake. When I go to a BBQ place I expect to smell some sort of the smoking process, nope none here. The beer garden area was nice and quant. Men's bathroom looked like someone threw up orange paint on black walls.  Once inside the beer garden you kinda loose the sense of where you are (for the locals). Will go back to try the ribs.
Hands down, HANDS Freakin DOWN!! BEST St. Louis Style ribs in south west Florida!! (Hands up in the air... wave them... slap them on the table, eat yer ribs, lick yer fingers & punch the guy next to ya, That freakin' GREAT!) You can pick the level of char on the ribs, the char is good, but I went with heavy char my last visit... I think the medium char works best. The best smoked meat rib w/ a char taste... so damn good!! Downside is no wings!! Need wings!! --- all the main dishes are great but the side dishes are such an afterthought it boggles the mind--- Worst & Dry-est (is that a word??) Mac & Cheese.... non-descript slaw & under-soaked hard baked beans... BUT you get 2 sides w an order so you can't fuss too much (STILL, it's the lil' details!!...) Service always great, interactive & fun! Atmosphere AMAZING (check it out) but the bathrooms SCREAM of a guy getting drunk & spray painting orange & black all over & dribbling orange paint over the walls like an idiotic drug-induced college freshman-- it wasn't like that a while back, it looks like teeny-bopper garbage gone stupid now, that, like the side dishes, need serious reconsideration, but everything being everything, it's awesome. PLUS-- your burgers are good, but until you invest in a better bun (other than the cheap X-brand sesame untoasted generic garbage) they will never will be great or worth ordering & I'm a fan of this place! Really worth a trip--- you will LOVE it, despite my gripes :-0 GET THE RIBS!!! WOOOOO!!!.........
Sitting in their Beer Garden, you have no idea you are a mere 100 yards away from a dilapidated Kmart.  In terms of ambiance, its a snazzy little slice of Austin, Tx in my backyard complete with top notch BBQ, smartly employed metal siding to keep out the suburban sprawl of 41, and a pretty decent revolving seasonal beer selection. My husband is the burger aficionado and he swears by this place. As for my tips, get the large side of bbq cheese fries but sub tater tots for the fries.  You're welcome.
Amazing BBQ food, fast service, great deal for your money, awesome atmosphere and great staff too!! Can't say enough good about this hidden gem, even a drive through!
I have to give it to this establishment.  DO NOT let the outside look fool you.  Go inside the doors that say "Beer Garden" and its a whole different look. The staff were very friendly. It took a little long to get the food but it was very good. They have a nice craft beer selection. I would defenitely recommend this place.
Diamond in the rough indeed.. Good food good times. Ribs are the best around town. Decent beer selection on tap. Beer garden makes this place... Like your own little oasis in the desert. Try it you won't be disappointed.
This place is more of a take out spot. Make sure you call in advance to place your order. They do have a garden where you can eat, but from the outside doesn't look so grand. I had the BBQ Beans and beef brisket, very good. Will be back again.
I have actually yet to experience the beer garden, which that is on my list of things to do, but I've had there food delivered several times when I worked close by. I have yet to be disappointed! There burgers are excellent and perfectly cooked. The BBQ has always been delicious and moist with the right amount of smoke flavor from the slow cooking. Tater Tots always come in a more than generous portion that with the burger, is tough to finish! I can't wait to dive a little deeper into their menu and experience the rest of what they offer on top of the beer garden.
Saw the outside and was not impressed until I went through the back. Very cool! Almost gave a beach vibe with the mist blowers. Tater tots were deliciously perfect. Chicken was a little dry but BBQ sauce fixed that.
There food is great the burgers,BBQ, fries, everything! I have eaten here a lot and it is always great love it!!
Live right near this place, always open til about 10pm great food and fast. Ive tried other chinese in the area and all were no good. Highly recommend. Spring rolls are excellent and chicken w broccoli is terrific.
Food is very good but service is very bad which makes the experience not good. Suggestion to owners...put napkins and ketchup on tables.... A self serve beverage station would be helpful as well, this goes for both locations.
Amazing food! Everything is cooked right and has a great selection. Wings aren't on the menu but they had them the day I was there and by far the best I've had anywhere around.
Well Lets update my review... This has to be the best burger I had in recent memory. It was simple and elegant. I do not give out 5 stars but  Burgerque deserve it.  OHHH if you are patient you must try their home made potato chips. Worth the wait hot crispy lightly salted. Hotdog good also. My only complaint is the confusing parking lot.
My girl friend and I stopped by the other afternoon and enjoyed a late lunch in the beer garden, which is apparently a new addition to the establishment. It was very nice and relaxing with about a dozen tables - half 2-tops and half larger tables. You can also walk up to the window and order, or hit up the drive through. All sandwiches and burgers come with your choice of two sides and range in price from $6-12. I opted for a standard cheeseburger plus some "cry baby relish". They aren't kidding, that stuff is spicy! For my sides I got coleslaw, which was perfect and cooling with my spicy burger, and bacon mac & cheese which unfortunately was not awesome. My friend got a pulled pork sandwich that looked good. My only real complaint about the food is that the burgers come cooked medium-well, which some people might like but I prefer medium-rare. That detail won't prevent me from coming back and trying something from the bbq side of the menu though. I know for sure they serve wine and a nice selection of craft beers, not sure about other liquor. They also offer a handful of breakfast options all day. Service was good too.
Don't judge a book by it's cover! From the outside, you wouldn't expect the goodness that lies on the other side of the fence. I went with a group of 8 hungover souls on a Sunday at noon and we all left satisfied.  The beer garden dining area is great for groups. I ordered a pulled pork/brisket platter with mac and cheese and tater tots. Generous portions, reasonable prices, refreshing ambiance, and friendly staff. Will be back on my next trip to Fort Myers!
Perhaps the best BBQ in town. What a find.  A drive thru barbecue place. But also a sit down beer garden behind the fences. The meat so slow roasted to perfection. The baked beans and coleslaw are homemade and delicious. They have 40 microbrews in house. Some serious eats: found here. The service was a little slow but worth the wait.
I actually found this place on yelp and, thanks to all of the helpful reviews and pictures, I figured it would be a perfect place for my boyfriend and I. IT WAS! We were so excited after our visit that we couldn't stop talking about how perfect it was all night. My boyfriend loves IPAs and hipster atmospheres (even though he won't admit it) and I love simplicity and good food. BurgerQue is perfect. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which was extremely juicy with just the right amount of sauce and the person who built it was clever enough to not cut all the way through the bun so everything didn't fall out when I ate it; it was on point. The fries were perfectly crispy and the bacon in the bacon mac and cheese was perfect but I would've liked a little less pepper and a little more salt in the mac itself. My boyfriend had a chili double cheese burger I think.. He was so excited that it came out on toast instead of a bun. I didn't get to try it but he said it was amazing. He had fries and mac & cheese as well, no complaints! The waitress was fast and efficient without being in our face. She was perfect. I didn't catch her name but we were there around 8 on Thursday the 13th and she was the only one waitressing. There was a very tall man who appeared to be a manager who checked up on us a couple times. We were one of only 3 tables that were full so it was all very relaxed. Everyone was so nice, AND THE MUSIC! On point as well. The entire atmosphere is just so inviting. We left a huge tip just because we were so excited that we found the establishment. We've already made a pact to make this place somewhere we go at least once every other week, if not more. I don't know if we'll be able to stay away, honestly. The only complaint my boyfriend had was that they were only open till 9 but that's just because we're night owls. lol
Stopped here for lunch from out of town and very pleasantly surprised. This place looks a little sketchy but the food is amazing. I had the Big Mama burger and it was great. French fries are delicious too. Definitely check this out if you're in the area.
Amazing.....I got the burger with bacon and fried egg.....not a huge burger, but so darn good, and the egg was MONEY...not too runny....not overcooked....bacon was crisp.  Wifey had the pulled pork sandwich...also amazing.  Had no idea how this place works...when I got there I thought it was just a drive in....they have a very cool beer garden in the back...and they have table service there.  If you like burgers or BBQ...GO HERE...you will be happy.  These are the type of restaurants we locals need to support!
For such a nondescript curb appeal- Holy beer garden, batman! Beautiful setting Great beer list Good menu with very creative side options Tots are to die for I will be back and will spread the word- nice job BQ What I'd like to see: -Glass glasses -More local beer -A dog friendly patio -Vegan options for my vegan beer drinking buddies -Swag
I searched best bbq in fort myers on Yelp and decided to give BurgerQue a try.  Wow, what everybody said is true.  I had the pulled pork sandwich...with beans and cole slaw. in the beer garden. Everything was excellent!!  The sandwich was completely packed with pulled pork on a very fresh sesame seed bun...so good that i asked if I could get one to go after my meal.  The to go sandwich was only 3 bucks!  Sooooo good.  Yeah, don't let the looks of the outside fool you.  This place is awesome.  I am definitely going again on my next visit to Fort Myers!
Like barbecue? Like hamburgers? If so BurgerQue is the place to go. I think this place is better than that five guy's place! Anything I have tried on the menu is sooo nom nom. Also new to the BurgerQue is the beer garden! The beer garden is a nice chill place, imagine a rustic cowboy bar. That's how cool this place is. No complaints on the HUGE beer selection. GO CHECK IT OUT FOR YOURSELF. Likes the Homemade chips, Gravytrain, The Clucker, Messing With Texas Diskless you if you don't check out this place. ,
The creators of this place have great vision and successfully executed it. This is not the best location or building in Fort Myers but they have managed to create a great atmosphere. I couldn't resist going with an item from the barbecue menu since the air was filled with the smell wood burning pork smoke. It was fantastic and I was also impressed the craft beer selection and the tater tots as the a side menu item.
Delicious food and friendly staff. Love their beer garden. It's  perfect for family and friends to sit down and enjoy dinner with out distractions of TV's. Fast and friendly service when you dine in or dine out. Deliver is fast and always warm. Their prices are competitive to other locations. I've has their ribs and they are just finger liking good, and their chilli cheese fries are the best I've ever had. If your looking for good BBQ food you need to stop by BurgerQue you wont be disappointed. Make sure you come she Ashley the waitress out in the beer garden she is great.
Burgers and bbq are very good at this place and it's so cheap. Highly recommended.
One of our favorite places to hang out and have a few beers. Friendly staff and an awesome outdoor beer garden.
READ THIS FIRST!  Went there for the brisket.  Way better than I expected even after hearing very good things.  Brisket is a solid 8 maybe even a 9 and far exceeds anything you will find in Southwest FL.  All sauces are made in house and excellent.  The sauce on the 15 hour brisket was perfect in flavor and amount.   However the real star of the show was the ribs.  The ribs are the BOMB yo.  I have gone on BBQ trips through out the country trying many of the country's top Q's and these were ribs the best I have ever had.  I didn't even go there for the ribs and would not have tried them if my Dad hadn't said "lets get some ribs to snack on and try them too".  This is not your shitbird BBQ joint that serves slop that everyone is used to with meat falling off boiled ribs smothered in some clown's version of sauce.  Everything here is well thought and well executed.  There is artistry and love in this food.  Beer menu is very nice and has a lot of craft beers and is a must do with BBQ.  The service was its Achilles heel that day.  Not horrible but definitely somewhat reprehensible.  Server was nice and informative but was struggling under a light load.  Still this is no reason not to put this place on your list of things to do immediately. UPDATE  !!!! , Second time I went was even better than the first,  third time we were there we were the first table of the day and I brought two business associates, after telling them I thought they were the best ribs I had ever had, they were dry and over charred.  Nevertheless, I'll be back but I bet my associates wont. I had to drop it from 5 stars to 4.  Consistency, its a bitch!
This is not an eat in place so beware. It's carry out only.  Had the ribs and they were very good. Nice bite off the bone so they weren't falling off over cooked.  They asked how you want them charred, light, medium or heavy. I selected medium, next time I will pick light. Charring spoils the taste a little. Good flavor without the sauce. I personally didn't care for their sauce so much, but since it's carry out I always have a few faves at home. Beans were excellent. Flavored well with some bacon in them. The only flaw was their fries. They were seasoned. I know a lot off people like them, but I'm a fry purist and I don't. My only complaint is they should say they are seasoned on the menu and I would have picked another side. I would have rated them a four if they had noted it. Looking forward to trying their burger next time.
These guys are a testimony that location doesn't have to determine success!!! Two other business failed here, yet Burgerque has not only thrived because of delicious burgers, but they have added a cool beer garden with outdoor seating.  I love the decor (probably appeals to my gender and age) yet there are three moms eating lunch just next to me with kiddos.  Anyway if u want a cool place to get lunch, dinner, a burger(and a host of other great menu items), or a beer; then u need to stop by Burgerque!!
The beer garden that is tucked away so beautifuly in the back of the restaurant is a hidden jewel. Wife and I have been ordering to go or pickup from this place for years and just today my brother and I decided to try out the garden. Choice paid off in droves, Heather our waitress was the best EVER! Super friendly, all kinds of bubbly and adorable as all hell. Had the wings, absolutely fantastic! Slow roasted over night, dipped on BBQ sauce made for an amazing blast of the taste buds, I will be recommending these to whomever I possibly can within earshot range! Also partook in their roasted sliced chicken, was excellent, good portions, and a fair price. Keep up the awesome job out there folks! Be seeing you soon.
Great food, great beer selection, really need to come back and check this place out after work!
I must say, not the best looking place until you go into the beer garden...it's full service and the waitresses are amazing. I just moved here last year and never heard of this place. Downloaded this app and before you know it, I go there at least twice a week with friends. It's a shame they don't have a t.v. but between Samantha and Natasha (the 2 servers) you don't need one! I like how concealed it is and the food is impeccable. I'm sad I can't give it more than 5 stars!
Beef brisket, pulled pork with tots, mac&cheese all lip smacking good! lunch buddy had brisket sand with beans & slaw all very tasty. half chicken & fries to go looked delicious! our server Julia was on the spot and didn't mind we only ordered water! one suggestion please carry coke products too! I am dragging my honey here one night soon! Thanks!
I went to this place for lunch while visiting friends in Fort Myers. It is a hidden gem! We had read about it online, but driving toward the place, it didn't look like it had any outdoor seating. Turns out on the side opposite the drive thru, there is an enclosed beer garden that's really nice! There is a waterfall, a bar, and plenty of tables with both chairs and benches, depending on what you like/how many people you're with. There were four of us. We got a basket of red hot gravy cheese fries for an appetizer. They came in a huge basket and were really tasty! For the main course, we got two Messin' with Texas sandwiches, one Hot Chick sandwich, and one biscuits and gravy. Each meal comes with two side dishes--lots of choices! We got macaroni and cheese, salad, cole slaw, and chips. All were delicious! The prices are cheap, the portions are big, and the service was great! Great atmosphere, too. There is also a walk-up window. Highly recommended.
The mac and cheese is so good!!! I got it with bacon and it had a bit of heat from the pepper I'm guessing. All burger are delicious. You can get delivery.
Delicious! Loved the Hot Chick sandwich with the 4 pepper relish ... If you like a little heat it is awesome! Homemade chips (ask for some bar b sauce to dip them in) are fantastic. Good beer and wine selection and they make their own Arnold Palmers with fresh lemonade and iced tea. We will return for sure!
Love it! A great break from just a plain old hamburger! Maybe a little pricey, compared to Burger King or Mc Donalds, but well worth it!
Best little BBQ joint in town I've tried so far. Chips are amazing and the chicken is too.
Outstanding. I'd driven by a few times and then finally stopped and got some take out. Best decision! Their shakes, mac & cheese, burgers, and tater tots were absolutely stellar. The decor is really unique and I'll definitely stop back some night to hang out. They had some great beers on draft too. Parking was a little tricky, there aren't too many spaces, but other than that - this place is truly a gem!
I don't do drugs, so I was skeptical about the High Burger. Boy, was I happy to find out that it's just a burger. But not really - it's like crack. It's so frickin' good. You can tell they use some quality beef. It won best burger in the News Press Metromix, so I had to try it. Totally worth it. They have these homemade chips that are very unique and tasty, too. A bit messy to eat in car, but that's the price you pay for the great toppings. I'm a meat lover pizza kinda guy. Just to give a nod to a veggie friend, I tried the veggie High Burger recently. I have to say, it's not the typical dry cardboard patty. It was AWESOME. Plus, it makes the eating in the car problem a bit easier. I had an opportunity to try the catering, too. The meats are super smoky and flavorful (brisket and pork). I think the restaurant has a smoker, but I didn't see it. You can tell it's not from a package. Maybe they have one of those small smoker units because the building is not that big. If you're feeling particularly naughty, go for a shake. Prices are great - best fast food value in town. I'm sure this will be the next big regional franchise.
Food is super awesome, service great. It looks closed from the outside and I had trouble getting the gate open. And there is no menu for the drive-thru, when I got to the window the kid asked what I wanted.... Ummm, how about a menu? But yeah, great BBQ.
What a hidden gem, I never wanted to go just because the way it looked from the outside but finally got talked into by a friend, WOW was I surprised the staff was super friendly and the burger I had was out of this world. The fries are great, and the bacon Mac and chz was good not my favorite cause the cheese was more grainy then smooth but still tasty. I've been back a handful of times and have never been disappointed. I'm not a beer drinker but if I was they have many to choose from. The seating is all outdoors but has a covered roof. Very very nice inside. Give it a chance you won't be disappointed
Had a burger that had barbecue, cheese and onion, Wow wonderful mix of protein and mouth watering. Don't recall what is was called but you can't go wrong if you order it. Don't let the looks of the place fool you. We thought it was just a drive up but they do have seating in an enclosed area outside.
Had a Hot Mama a couple of days ago and went back today for a brisket sandwich, both with a side of bacon mac&cheese....Yum! This place was quite a find. Don't judge it by the exterior, or the neighborhood for that matter.
A+. Not sure why it isn't packed. Great burgers and great prices. The fries:  amazing. Even with all the excellent toppings. Don't let the exterior scare you. You will not  be disappointed
Found this place from a newspaper review. A lot of people we knew had heard of it, but never been. Possibly they were put off by the location. My advice? Get over it and go! The beer garden is an amazing place to relax and enjoy some great food and beer. And by all means do not miss the maple bacon shake. We tried the brisket and pork BBQ, both good. More of a chopped style, very lean and tender. Chips, fries, BBQ salad (get the sauce on the side), a cheeseburger with bacon, and the loaded fries. It was so good on Saturday that we made a return visit Sunday. Locals, come out and support Fort Myers restaurateurs!
What a find!  It is so unassuming from the outside. Was it a former gas station?  Pass through the side door into a small beer garden with picnic tables. We ordered bbq chicken, hot dog, cheeseburger, slaw, mac and cheese and baked beans. Everything was great.  Many places fall down when it comes to sides but theirs are excellent!  Chicken comes in the degree of char of your choosing. Hamburger was tasty,  although not grilled, just fried. We will be back-there is so much more to try.
Do not be turned off by the outside appearance!  The place has gone through several iterations of "fast food" joints.  It is now a funky black-and-orange exterior, with a high fence enclosure of the beer garden and dining area.  They have a great selection of draft and craft beers.  But, go for the food.  The burgers and bar-b-que sandwiches are innovative, and just plain GOOD!  Add two sides (included), and you will leave satisfied and surprised.
I had a great burger here today with excellent fries.  The BBQ chicken was divine as well.  Only let down was the milkshake.  Will be back.
You would drive right by if no one told you about this place. Kinda an icky part of town... Burgerque is across from the Super Kmart on 41.  If you like Five Guys you will live Burgerque. Way better. We get cheeseburgers and pulled pork sandwiches. Both delish. Chocolate shake is amazing. Cheese fries are awesome. Homemade chips are crispy and salty perfection. Sweet tea is perfect. Love this place!
Great place for casual burger on the run if you don't mind eating outside in a noisy environment. Not the best locale.
Went here on a whim one night when I was at the Edison mall and was thoroughly surprised with how good it was. I got a couple cheese burgers and the homemade potato chips, and everything was really good. I've gone back and got the double cheese burger and fries and they were just as good. They have a pretty great menu consisting of Pulled Pork, Brisket, and Chicken sandwiches. I will eventually try everything - even the breakfast if I can make it there that early.
