What a great surprise to find in Ft Myers. While everyone else down here is throwing conch and grouper on their menu, The CODFATHER (awesome name) is bringing you  quahogs, cod, and lobster like we had in Maine.   We shared chowder and clam cakes. The chowder was great and tasted homemade. Not too thick and not to brothy. Perfect for dunking those clam cakes in. We both ordered lobster rolls. Wicked good!! Plenty of meat for what you pay for. Plus those hand cut fries were killer.Those I swear were no frozen Cisco bag of fries.   Since then, we;ve been back and tried the fried clams and fried scallops. I had the crab cheese pimento sandwich which tastes like something like my mom used to make.   My only compliant is I wish they were actually located closer to me in Rhode Island.   Bottom line....if you need that New England seafood fix go to Cape Cod Fish Co. IT's #1 on our stop in Ft Myers now. We love it!!!!
Best meal we had this week and close to the cheapest. A little bit off the island but not to far and well worth the trip. My wife and I shared a special, the lobster cake sliders, and the blackened salmon fish tacos. They were both divine.  The lobster sliders were full of big chunks of meat, had a nice breaking and we're well complimented by the crab remoulade. The fish tacos were bright and citrusy, which complimented the blackened salmon nicely; super flavorful!  The fries were great another story altogether. Thick cut with skins but cooked to be crispy, they were delightful.  We also had beans on the side.  Not our favorite because they were sweet and we prefer a barbecue style, but delicious none the less.   We are planning to head back to try the lobster roll and the calamari. Those are two things recommended to us by the waitress and ordered by locals. We also heard one older lady state that the lobster roll was the best she'd ever had. Our 6 and 8 year old boys ordered burgers and fries and while I didn't taste them they finished them completely, a huge compliment from them.   A special note on the service... We also had our 10 month old daughter there. My wife asked if they had any fresh fruit. They had only a bowl of watermelon the owner had brought from the local Publix, but they kindly scooped off a share for our daughter! Talk about above and beyond. Additionally they told our boys if they finished their burgers they could have a treat. True to their word when the burgers were gone they gave them apple juice based ice pops which the boys loved! Great food, great people, great place. Well worth the extra effort to go there if you've got the chance.
We decided to drop in on our way from the Fort Myers airport to Sanibel Island after seeing the excellent reviews on Yelp. We're so glad we did! The staff are very friendly. The food was excellent...all of it. The calamari had a sauce on it that is frequently served on sushi. The almond shrimp were great, although just a tad dry. The lobster rolls were full of big lobster chunks. The fried fish tacos were excellent! Towards the end of the meal, the owner came to check on us. He even have the kids two small ice cream cups. We'd definitely return!
All I can say is wow! Lobster was SO good... Large chunks and seasoned just right. We had the Classic and Connecticut lobster rolls and both were delicious!
Got a couple of "compliment" contacts from someone identifying them self as the owner. Basically saying since I had dined at a chain fish joint in the past I didn't know what i was talking about. At 60 I've tried everything from dumps to very pricey places. Pretty sleazy I thought. I'll stick to my opinion.  Mediocre at best. Crazy pricey.
This was seriously the best lunch I've had in years! The service was awesome too, great people! Do yourself a favor and get a bowl of chowder to start. Fresh ingredients and homemade sauces make this a winner, I'll be back!!
The food was great and the staff and owner actually made you feel welcome.  The lobster rolls and scallops were amazing!!  We will be going back for the fried clams and chowder.
This small gem in the Fort Myers area is not a place you will stumble upon. You have to go to it. We went on the way back from Sanibel Island. It certainly lives up to the 5 star user rating. The atmosphere is casual and relaxed. It has a small town feel. The owner interacts well with all of the customers and the entire staff is very friendly. The classic Connecticut lobster roll is amazing! The clam chowder is very fresh and well balanced. The fish tacos are quite amazing (I recommend squeezing the lime on top to enhance the flavor even more). The calamari is also a great starter appetizer...not too chewy, but cooked just right and very flavorful. My parents, friend and I shared most things and left with intentions to come again!
Stopped in to check out this restaurant based on the 5 Star rating of our fellow Yelpers while we were vacationing on FL's Gulf Coast. Sooo glad we did! This cozy little seafood shack sure delivers the flavor, freshness & superior service you'd expect at a much more formal/fine dining establishment. Loved it ALL! From the fabulously friendly staff & owner, to the most flavorful Clam Chowdah I've ever had, to the freshest, most deliciously tender perfectly grilled sea scallops! Whatever your seafood fancy, this place sure has the fix, and they serve it up in a carefree, casual environment. What more could one ask for on vacation?
Looking for authentic New England seafood while on a getaway in Ft Myers area.  Wanted a casual neighborhood place with great lobster and chowder.  Stpped in Cape Cod Fish Co bases on Yelp reviews.  Exceeded our expectations.  Staff is friendly, service is great and the food was excellent.  We will definitely be back!
Amazing!  These yelp reviews don't lie. Friendly staff. You can tell it's super clean in the kitchen. Most importantly , the food is amazing.  Had two lobster rolls classic and the four way combo basket.  Everything was fantastic. The Ipswich mussels were perfect. Can't recommend this place enough. The lobster rolls were huge.  The breading is perfect, you can tell much time has gone into perfecting it.  I wish they made fried chicken. This place is the real deal. Oh yeh I use to live in Boston. This really is wicked good seafood.
Authentic New England Seafood!   Great place for lobster rolls, fish and chips, lobster tacos, clam cakes and cod.   The lobster bisque is very good.   The New England clam chowder is done Rhode Island-style - less creamy and more brothy.   The lobster rolls are wonderful, not too much mayo.   The lobster tacos are tasty too.  Both the lobster rolls and lobster tacos have plenty of lobster in them.   I also had the coconut almond cod (which was a special) and it was great.   Flaky fish, not overcooked, with a very tasty coconut almond topping that was not heavy.   The service is good.   It is a small place where you order at the counter and then the food is delivered to you when it is done.   We go there often when we are in the mood for seafood done right.
Dog friendly outside!  The classic lobster roll and salmon tacos were awesome. The lobster roll had big chunks of lobster meat instead of the stringy style.  So good!!  The owner came out to chat a bit, very nice guy. It's nice to get some quality New England food without the stereotypical New England attitude. We will definitely be back!
First time visit & mos certainly won't be the last! Went here based on the reviews & it did not disappoint. Lobster Rolls & chowders awesome! Hand cut fries with spicy lime mayo...YUM. Staff was friendly & fun. LOVED it!
We arrived right as they were opening for the day and there were already a ton of people waiting to get in. Good sign. I had the lobster roll (classic style, of course), clam chowder and the clam cakes. Every thing was outstanding!I It was nice to get seafood that tasted fresh. So great I thought I was eating back in New England (in fact, it was better than some lobster rolls I've had in Boston). The staff was excellent too. I told the cashier that I was taking everything to the beach and she made sure the food was packed well enough to handle the 5 mile trip. This is a definite can't miss place. I can't wait to go back. Btw, don't confuse this place with the lobster roll food truck calling itself Cape Cod Company or something. It is not related at all to this place.
Delicious food and taste of New England! There are three different styles of lobster rolls. We had the Connecticut-style lobster roll which was AH-mazing!!!! Very generous portions of lobster, and you can't beat fresh lobster coated in butter! The clam chowder had a nice flavor but was more like a broth and not as creamy to my liking. All in all, you'll definitely want to check out this hidden gem!!
Wow, Fort Myers lacks great joints like this, but here one is, right in Iona area of Fort Myers.  Its in a small strip center with no nonsense seating and atmoshphere.  Yet the sea food is prepared with love and care as you order it and it rocks! Make sure and give this a shot if your in the area.  Lobster rolls and the chower and salmon fish tacos are beyond excellent!  I highly recomned this place!  ITs got to be one of the best options if not the best option for semi-fast food take out non fine dining around.  Yet the food rocks!
Love this place, we went there for the 1st time today , and oh boy we were so glad we did, any one who is a fish lover must go!! :-) the lobster roll was amazing, looking forward to go back and try the other stuff.
There's no place like home... there's no place like home. The owners are from Rhode Island, bring in New England fish and prepare it on premises. Fresh seafood salad consisted of crab, shrimp, and mostly lobster, was dressed with a hint of mayo and scooped onto a bed of salad. The "New Englander" - fried cod sandwich was bigger than the fresh baked (and buttered) bun. It came with fresh hand cut potato wedge fries. Many other New England options were offered including three ways to enjoy a lobster roll and authentic chowdahs.
Being a native New Englander, Rhode Island specifically, I was apprehensive about any place that claims to be authentic New England.  My concern was unwarranted!  This place is fantastic!  We started our meal with 6 clam cakes (they gave us 7), they were crispy on the outside, soft and delicious on the inside and not greasy at all!  We then both ordered the "Connecticut Style" Lobster Rolls.  Sweet and delicious lobster, and a ton of it, served on toasted buttery rolls.  The owner came out and greeted us and even shared a bowl of Kale Soup with us.  Great experience all around!
The mussels appetiser was delicious as were the fish and chips. Staff was friendly and the place was clean. Looking forward to trying additional menu options.
I read the reviews on there clam chowder. I will tell you this if you are from Boston this chowder does not even come close to New England chowder. It was like drinking a bowl of warm milk. Chowder is suppose to be thick and creamy. We did have steamed class and they were really good.
The Cod father made us the best dinner ever!  Pimento cheese and crab grilled sandwich, lobster roll and Portuguese mussells, the best ever!!!   BYOB and sit outside.  Nothing like it!
We came here on July 4th, glad they were open.  We started with their calamari, wife thought it was the best she's ever had - nice flavor with the sweet soy glaze.  Their chowder was also terrific, not overly thickened and with a really nice thyme flavor.  The lobster quesadilla had a really good flavor, my fish tacos were also very flavorful.  We also had the baked cod special, very fresh.  Seemed like a lot of local regulars came in also, always a good sign.  Service was friendly.  Order at the counter but the staff brought out food out to us (we had a large party), otherwise there's a counter to pick up. The person taking our order was friendly & helpful with recommendations & descriptions.  Recommended!
Came in confused--thought it was more of a bar/restaurant. It's more of a small sit down place. Fortunately, food was delicious and fresh & service was friendly and had the food out quickly. Was greeted with a sample of New England style clam chowder (not thick and filled with --gasp--seafood!). I wasn't sure what to get so I asked for recommendations and was very happy about it-- ordered tacos w slaw. Slaw was tasty standard mayo/cabbage. The tacos, however, were REALLY standout: two large flour tortillas stuffed with fresh, flaky hot, battered, fried (PROPERLY) north Atlantic cod with avocados, fresh corn/tomato salsa and red vinegary cabbage served w fresh lemon. Yes! I may go back tomorrow for lobster Mac & cheese Wednesdays!
EXCELLENT SEAFOOD JOINT We had a very good dinner here on a Friday night. We started with the Calamari and it was just right with a bit of spicy sauce. We each had the Classic Lobster Roll and it was truly fantastic, on a properly toasted bun with lots and lots of lobster. Please note: this place has NO liquor license and if you want a drink with your meal you have to sit outside and BYOB. Note also: this place became crowded quickly and for some reason the diners were all old people.
Food quality, amazing. Everything was cooked perfect. Seafood fresh. Owner very nice. Loved the scallops and shrimp.
The previous reviews do not lie! This place totally rocks. I was born and raised in Massachusetts and spent many summers on Cape Cod, AKA, "The Cape," and know darned well this place is the real deal. First of all, I do not like coleslaw that much - and I LOVED theirs! I chowed it down till there wasn't a scrap left. For my main meal though,I had the fried cod, like any good New Englander would, and it was superb: perfectly flaky and in a batter that was light, crispy and wonderfully rich in flavor. The chef knows exactly the right temp to heat oil for fish frying. Hubby had the fish tacos. Just as fantastic. It's basically the fried cod in soft flour tortillas, fresh purple cabbage, pico de gallo and some sliced avocado. Perfect. He got a side of beans - just as delicious as everything else. Did I mention the fries? Hand cut, thick and super rich in flavor. Not sure what potato type they use, but my gosh, they were awesome. What I liked most of all is that, not only was everything fresh, bountiful, affordable and superbly delicious, every single item we tried had it's own unique seasoning, a "something different" on the behalf of the chef, really making his food stand out. Let's face it, fried fish is easy to come by. But fantastic fried fish and side items to compliment it is not. This place hit the mark every single time. Even the cocktail sauce was unique. The restaurant probably seats about 20-30 people. They even have some outdoor seating. It is immaculate and comfortable and had that  casual Cape decor to it. It's in a strip mall, so that is the one and only thing that's not so great. But big deal. Who cares about looking at the ocean if the food you are eating is pricey and only so-so? Two thumbs all the way up - from me and hubby too. We would be eating here one to two times monthly if we lived here. I'd kill to eat my way through that menu. I saw the lobster roll and it looked incredible. I'm in California these days, so true Cape Cod fish house menu items are a few and far between occurrence for me. All locals and visitors who want truly delicious New England style fish recipes, rejoice - I repeat, this is the REAL DEAL!
I love this place!  The "Connecticut style" lobster roll was amazing!  So were the clam cakes.  We even met the owner who came out and sat and talked to us.  Very friendly staff and a fun place!  Highly recommend!
Great service and atmosphere !!  Loved the lobster roll and chowder ..would highly recommend !!
This place is awesome. We started with the clam chowder and it had great flavor not as creamy as some but just as good. I had the special spicy lobster tacos and they were out of this world. My wife had the salmon sandwich and it was equally as good. We also try's the stuffed clam and the clam cakes and they were perfectly seasoned and fresh. My daughter had the kids chicken and she loved it. The owner was very nice and came over and talked to us asking how everything was. I will be back to try the portuguese steamers. They sounded out of this world just didn't have enough space to try them. Also all of the seafood around us looked good. All I could here was people taking about how great everything was.
Found this place with the help of yelp while on vacation last month.  Holy cow!  Best place ever.  The service, food, and establishment overall is awesome.  We took our two boys with us and they were wearing their Red Sox shirts.  Owner came out and entertained us for several minutes and then gave them ice cream.  It was such a positive experience and the food is amazing.  Good job CCFC!
Went there the other day and being from New England, this is authentic New England food.  We were four people and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food.  The place is small but there is seating outside as well as a limited seating inside.  I am so glad we found this restaurant as it will be one of favorites to visit.
This place would get five stars except it is pricey.  We do not go there because it is too expensive for what you get.  You go to the counter to place your order.  Food is good.  I did wonder why some pieces of fish tasted better than others and I read in one of the reviews that the owner said  not all the pieces you receive are of the same quality.  Some the owner referred to in a comment was "from the stomach".  Really think it should all be the same quality.  Since it is pricey, make stew or something with the stomach pieces.
Just visited on a Tuesday night, so glad we came! Ordered the Original Lobstah roll and some calamari. Food and service were fantastic! We will definitely be back!
Exceptional, authentic New England seafood! The owner is from Rhode Island and was incredibly friendly to my family) perhaps my Red Sox hat helped!). We enjoyed delicious steamed clams and lobster rolls. There is a kids' menu too, including Kayam franks. Customers order food at the counter and may either eat-in or take-out.
I think I'm in love! I've been twice already in less than a week. The first time I got the lobster roll connecticut style and it was to die for. It was piled full of fresh lobster. The fish and chips was amazing. Not a lot of breading and really good fish. We also got the coconut almond shrimp and the lobster rangoons. It was all delicious. The service was great. The waitress working the first time brought out a little bag of goldfish crackers for my baby which I thought was really sweet. It's hard to get good seafood even in Ft Myers, but this place is doing something right! Can't wait to go back!
Great food. Lobstah Classic roll rocks! My picky 12 year old loved the chicken tenders. Clam Chowdah was great. The owner and staff are super nice.
Excellent New England style seafood! We had the lobstah roll, chowder and scallop basket. The decor is cute too!
Went back again and got the classic lobster roll. OUT OF  THIS WORLD and full of lobster.  I am craving another already.
We are from New England so we know seafood from that area.  This place is excellent.  Got the Portugese flavored clams....yum!  Got extra clam fritters to go...they were so good!
Fabulous seafood. All of it was incredibly fresh. Fisherman's platter was amazing. Only problem was it was too much. Fish tacos were the best I've ever had. Will be back every time I visit Fort Myers.
I ate there today. It was delicious. I had the spicy lobster taco. It was very taste. Will eat there again. Maybe tomorrow.
I added this place to ones I thought looked good and worth stopping at while on vacation. This place is amazing! The staff is very friendly and you can tell they take pride in the business. I finally picked the salmon burger and it was by far the best fish type burger I have ever had. The sides and special homemade sauce for the side pushed it over the edge. If your local make it a weekly stop and if you are vacationing like me. Stop at least once. But I will be back.
Good seafood ... We had the fisherman's combo and fish tacos .. Was very good but a bit pricey . Figure being by the ocean would have more reasonable prices.
Great place to get authentic New England Seafood! Best fried clams and lobster rolls.  I felt like I was back in Maine!  So happy to have a place like this so I don't miss the food up there! Everything is fresh and the staff is outstanding!  Do yourself a favor and go check this place out for the best NE Seafood! You won't be disappointed!
Very good. Visiting from nj. With family and had a great meal. Chowder/ lobster roll. Delicous!!!
