best tacos ever (chicken!) , I literally go here like twice a week!!! Get the civeche if they have some in house!
The food is fresh and tastes great, but the place is sub-par.   A couple of bucks for a taco or a quesadilla and pretty soon you'll find yourself ordering 5 of each and have enough for tomorrow's lunch.  Very fresh tasting ingredients as you can see one of the cooks/helpers slicing and dicing the cilantro, onions, and limes right in front of you.   My only complaint is that the place looks like a dump!  A little extra TLC to the place and it'll be so much more enticing to the general public.  I ordered take out as I just couldn't see myself hanging around.  Either way, I will be back eventually, but if the owners ever read this:  Please clean the place up!  Por favor limpia su restaurante!
my fave mexican hole in the wall in ft myers and there is one in naples TOO on bayshore (even more authentic hole in the wall in a little shack ) don't miss this place if love mexican .. soft tacos.. they finally now accept more than cash too and have a menu on the wall not just a poster board with sharpie.. been going here 5 yrs +  found by accident.. lucky accident
It's real deal Mexican tacos in a storefront like you'd find in Los Angeles (LA). This place made my wife love me again, since I found it by asking around. We move from the LA area almost a year ago to Cape Coral and missed only a good taqueria. This place was awesome: great tacos al pastor and micheladas; the steak and chirozo tacos were great too.  As we pulled away my wife mentioned how she was so satisfied, like she had an orgasm or something. I replied that I felt like I needed a cigarette; yet I don't smoke. It is tiny, there no ambiance, and the seating it tight. Exactly what a taqueria should be. It's cheap. Best place ever.
As a fan and cook of authentic Mexican food, and a visitor from Toronto, I've tried to eat my way through the latin culture down here in SWF. This kind of food is hard to find where I'm from, but San Julian had some of the best. Even dragged my parents in, no lovers of Mexican food. They were a little turned off by the state and cleanliness of the dining area, but the food was unbelievable. They were converted, and I'll try and visit again before I head north.
A real dive with pretty good food. $1.50 steak tacos. Two soft corn taco shells packed with meat, onions and cilantro.  It comes with 3 different sauces that look homemade. My 3 taco lunch with a bottle of water was $5.83 including tax. Not bad
Place is a hole in the wall, with an open kitchen... Their menu had a shrimp cocktail I wanted to try but I opted for the tacos. The tacos are good and the cilantro, onion, and tomatoes... very fresh! My pollo tacos were okay, but my boyfriend really enjoyed his pastor (pork) tacos. This isn't chipotle but worth the trip! Plus you can't beat the price... I'll never go near another Taco Bell again!
We went here after reading reviews. The tacos and quesadillas were delicious!The service and food was fast. We had 3 chicken quesadillas for the kiddos. One was without the cilantro and onions but they are all it and said it was good. My mother in law had 2 pork tacos with cheese, tomato and avocados, 2 steak and one sausage. All was very good. We prefer the steak overall. I only wish this place had rice and beans! I would definitely go back to this place. Good authentic tacos!!:)
Hole in the wall - indeed. Very small place, verging on the grimey. But oh - the tacos and tostadas - fantastic! Ceviche tostadas were 5+ stars, shrimp tostadas 5 stars, all taco varieties we tried were 5 star as well. Very authentic, tacos and tostadas only. Only question remaining: can this be your daily lunch and still qualify as a healthy and variet diet? Let's hope so! And - thanks, Yelp & community, for higlighting this place!
Looks are deceiving!! This place was great. We were on vacation just wanted a quick meal and saw the reviews for this place and they were right. We got the pork quesadilla, beef taco and head taco. All were fantastic, the pork quesadilla was amazing!!  I highly recommend them!
The store front looks way nicer than inside, which is kinda run down.  But I'm used to that, coming from Vancouver and a big fan of trying out many of the bargain Asian food places that are so delicious.   The pork tacos here were delicious and the service was prompt, friendly and efficient.  We're definitely stopping by one more time before we fly home to Vancouver.
Amazing authentic Mexican food the only place I have gone in SWFL That is like being in the mothers kitchen
The best tacos I have ever had. All their tacos are soft shelled, quesadillas are delicious. Very authentic.
I don't understand the 5 star reviews for this place. It's pretty dirty and I ended up with diarrhea the morning after. The same happened to friend that also ate there with me. The taco did not look fresh, and that went for both the meat and the taco. Doubtful that I'll go back.
This place is amazing and affordable. We have ordered pretty much every single thing on the menu and it has all been delicious. We vacation down here every summer and this is our final stop before heading home because we want to end our trip with a bang! :)
This place is a GEM! Nowhere else in the SWF can you get such fresh and delicious, authentic Mexican food (I've tried them all!) Sure, the menu is a bit limited, but what they lack in quantity, they more than make up for in quality. And who needs the flavorless rice & beans offered by others anyway? I've been going here for years. It's such a hole-in-the wall, I used to worry it would go out of business. But they have earned their high marks on Yelp and now the secret is out! I've even seen a line out the door a few times. Typically only one girl waits the tables. Service is fine most days, unless it's very busy. The atmosphere seems very authentic -- which may be a turn-off for some. But once you taste the food, you'll be happy you picked it!
After living in the Bay Area (San Francisco) a good tacqueria is almost impossible to find in fort myers. Yet lo and behold... San Julian. This place is fast, cheap and super delicious! The sausage taco is my personal favorite but you really can't go wrong here. Be aware of the elusive flan... It only exists to mock you on the menu board. They are always in the process of making it or have just run out...Still, this is a taco lover's Shangri-La.
If you like authentic tacos this is the place. Nothing flashy,  just real good food. You will not be disappointed
This place has great food, menu is small but the food is authentic. The inside of the restaurant is a little gross, the tables needed to be wiped down - and the bathroom was disgusting. However, don't let the look of it steer you away. If you can look past the gross inside - the food is really good, so my recommendation would be to get take out.
Fast service, delicious food.  Love the huge selection of different authentic, Mexican foods.  The ambiance is casual, I wouldn't recommend it for a date or business lunch.  Love that they serve Coke in glass bottles!
Very simple authentic mexican. It's really only tacos or quesadillas.  Super fresh tortillas.  Nice white meat chicken, excellent pork.  Bottled hot sauces on the table but the 3 homemade sauces are really good. Previous reviews are spot on that's it on the divey-side....but clearly this is where the LOCALS go for good eats!!
Decided to try this place after reading about it here on Yelp. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't really the best either. After all this hype on here, I guess I was expecting much better. My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night at 8:30. First thing we noticed was how tiny the place was, not too different than a Chinese takeout place; few scattered tables and the giant counter with the kitchen behind it. We hadn't been there before so we didn't know whether we had to sit to get our orders taken or approach the counter, I decided the latter. The server took my order in Spanish, her preference, since her English wasn't very good which wasn't at all a problem for me. She told us to have a seat and she'd bring our food to us. Luckily, there was one table open next to the counter. We waited what was not even 5 minutes for our food to arrive, brought out with a tray of three salsas. So now to the food. We ordered 5 tacos which were all $1.50 each and a coke to share that was $2. We ordered 2 steak, 2 pork, and 1 beef taco. People on here mentioned these things were small, each taco is the size of 2-3 bites (3 for me, 2 for my boyfriend). Anyways, the meats are served on double tortillas, which I found incredibly stale, kept simple only topped with a few chopped onions and tiny lettuce shreds. They bring their sauces out to you which weren't bad, but I've definitely had much better. But be warned, all three are spicy. Not a problem for me either. So now on to the main reason I gave this place only 3 stars. Of the three meats, we both thought the pork was clearly the best since it was cooked to keep most of its juicy flavor even though it wasn't very seasoned. The other three tacos were tricky because they all looked exactly the same! Haha, I couldn't pick out the one beef one from the other two steaks. My second one was supposed to be the steak, but I made my best guess of the three and chose what I still am not sure was the steak (but now I think was the beef). The meat on my second one was nowhere near as good! It was flavorless and dry, made almost a chore to eat paired with the stale tortillas. So, all in all, I think the overpowering taste of the stale tortillas paired with the average meat is definitely worth it's superrr cheap price which justifies one of the main reasons to eat here: can't beat the price! Great price for average, authentic tacos. Also, note that this place has very fast service and you'll get through your food in 5 minutes. I'd definitely recommend this place more for lunch or a quick dinner to-go. And hey, maybe earlier in the day the tortillas might not be as stale. With the mixed review, we decided we'd at least give it another chance soon to try the quesadillas.
This is pretty much genuine Mexican food people. Cheap, delicious, flavorful, cooked with love and authenticity. I always have my bf get me tacos and quesadillas from here when I'm back in town. Lots of cilantro, squirt of lime, yummy yummy yummy. They serve corona too so it gets packed with Mexicans at lunch time, over the last year or so there are more and more Americans showing up for some genuine Mexican grub. I am so glad to see San Julian grow, and its especially good now that they can take credit/debit cards too!
Is not the nicest looking place but the food quality is great, highly recommended, this is what you call a dive.
I love everything about this place. It's not fancy, but the food is out of this world. All of the ingredients are incredibly fresh and the different filling options are incredibly flavorful. The pork is tender and juicy and the spice blend on the chicken is just right. I usually order a couple of tacos and quesadillas as well as a glass bottle coke and my total is less than $10 bucks. Add a few dollars for tip and it's a super cheap meal. Love this place!
First time here this is a great spot for lunch. Came with several coworkers. The pastor/pork tacos were the hit.
Deliciousness manifested.   The menu at Taqueria San Julian is not as extensive as I thought it would be, but quality is definitely found within the food.  Taqueria San Julian offers a selection of tacos (including tongue, head, beef, chicken, and pork), quesadillas, ceviche, and tostadas.  My friend and I had the bistec (chopped steak) and pastor (pork) tacos.  Each taco is dressed with cilantro and onions and packed with flavor.  We also ordered shrimp tostadas, which were loaded with shrimp and topped with avocado. Mmm avocado.  Taqueria San Julian also offers a selection of three salsas each packing heat.   The ambiance is straight up hole in the wall with televisions playing telenovelas and a shrine to the Virgin Mary. Recap: Four tacos (1.50 ea) Two shrimp tostadas (2.00 ea) Two bottled waters (1.00 ea) You do the math because I'm still too full to add, but I remember that the total came out to cheap eats.
This place is amazing. Everything on the menu is fabulous. Personal favorite was the steak quesadilla with avocado. Highly recommend. Don't judge this book by it's cover.
Went there after trying to go to breakfast at first watch. To many snow birds so tried this....YES, for a Mexican breakfast. It was soooooooooo good!!! The comments are so accurate! I loved the ceviche tostado! The flavor enters your mouth before you bite down! AWSOME!, will be back!!
So. Fuggin'. Good. They do speak english, but they are fluent in the language of taco, if taco were a language, that is. Roger rabbit was on, en espanol, and it was pretty funny to watch. It was packed - no room to sit, so we took it to go and ate in our car cuz it was raining. So good. Three tacos each, some guac all maybe 14 bucks. that's what it should be. Try the extra sauces too. I think the pork was my fave, but the lengua was pretty good too.
This place is a hole in the wall but I must say its amazing. If you love authentic Mexican food, you must give this place a shot. The hot sauces are great too.
Taqueria San Julian is thus far the only taqueria I've found in the immediate Fort Myers area.  If San Julian wasn't pretty awesome this might be a problem but so long as this place is open I'm good.    Stumbling onto this gem has made my move here from Las Vegas mush easier.    The pork tacos are my go to favorites so far but I've sampled most everything off the menu and have not been disappointed.  The tacos are only $1.50 each and they have the "real" sugar cane Coca-Cola, Quesadillas are $2.00 (I think).    If I need great cheep eats I'm coming here, I'll probably be back all the time.
The most amazing authentic Mexican food I have ever had!!! We go here at least once a week and fill up on some amazing tacos.
Wow!  This place is Delicious.  Four tacos and two Coke's for 9.01. Being a wednesday afternoon they didn't have the Head and Tongue Tacos that I wanted to try (the Tongue would actually be available for dinner).  I must say that the Pork and Steak were better than tasty. These are authentic no cheese taco's.  Just a small corn tortilla filled with your choice of meat, onions and cilantro.  Amazing what four ingredients can do. They also served Black Gold aka Coke in a bottle which tastes better than any other  type of vessled coke.  They serve the food with lime wedges for your use and three different salsa's. Off the top of my head these are better than any Taco's I have had in LA or anywhere else.  If there is a better Taco please let me know I will check it out.
Best hole in the wall miles around! Very good and simple Mexican, basically at Taco Bell's prices ($1.5+!). They only have about 7 tables so you may have to wait, patronized by local Mexicans (that's the right clue), don't expect pretty decor. The menu is simple: 7 options for tacos, 7 options for quesadillas, ceviche tostadas, a few specials and 4 desserts, 0 debating what to get!
Great value. Great food. Cleanliness.... not so much. Dust covered fake plants, etc. Paint and straightening up would help as well. Pollo tacos were awesome. Lots of tender meat, onions and cilantro. Homemade sauces were complex with ranging heat levels. Bottled sauces also available. Two tv's playing the same telenovela.
an excellent Taqueria.   I occasionally stop in for a taco fix.  The sauces are excellent and the tacos seriously delicious.   Each time I have been, I have been the only gringo (or am I a gringa?)  They are curious about me as I am usually in formal business clothes and much older than their clientele, but they are always eager to please and the service is pleasant.     I run a diet center (yes, a person doesn't have to give up tacos to be healthy) and I refer people who love Mexican food to this place.  No manufactured processed garbage here.  No hideous yellow cheese-like product that you find at Taco Bleh.
For the price you will not be disappointed.   These are the places that this area needs that is usually a desert when it comes to good food.    Quick, delicious, and inexpensive.    Please give your dollars to places like this instead of a chain.    You won't be disappointed.
Walked in, glanced at the slowly spinning pastor spit. A sight for sore eyes among the endless chain food of the highway strip. Had some really amazing tacos. No aguas frescas that I saw, but plenty of Jarritos and cerveza.
Don't go there for the atmosphere or for a nice relaxing dinner. Go there for real Authentic taco's, everything I have had has been great. The ceviche tostada's are a must have every time I go there, order two the first time because you will just order another one in a few minutes.
This is just about the best taqueria around. It's been several years since I've been to Ft. Myers and have tasted these great tacos. They've been taunting me in my dreams for years and I finally got to taste them again and the build up didn't ruin it. I decided to go with a bit of a sampler and ordered the lengua, al pastor, and  bistec. I originally wanted the cabeza but they didn't have any so that's when I went with the bistec. All the tacos were great but the star of the show was the al pastor so much in fact I ordered two more. One of the many great things about San Julian is there house made sauces, I may not know the names but I can tell you they won't disappoint you. The staff are also great making you feel comfortable even with the broken English. Remember CASH ONLY!
Well! This is the place to come for soft  tacos. They have a limited menu soft   taco &  quesadilla. Choice of steak ,pork, chicken, beef, tongue and & tripe. Its simple and good. As of this writing Tacos 1.50 & quesadilla 2.50. They also had 3 outstanding sauces . Mild, hot ,and a smokey flavor hotter sauce. Home made and delisssss.hh So if you are in the area avoid Taco Bell and try this place. OHHHH yes get the Mexican Coke in the bottle$2.00 but OHHH so much better than the US Coke.  They use REAL sugar cane. not corn syrup.
If your idea of authentic mexican food is Iguana Mia, this place my not be your style, but you owe it to yourself to try it.  The tortillas are not stale, they are corn and delicious.  Nothing here is downed in Velveeta or overwhelmed with sour cream.  The freshness is what is featured in these simple tacos.  I love this place.  Oh and the green sauce is the mildest of the three salsas, if you need mild.
Beef tacos are the way to go! We ordered beef, pork & 1 beef quesadillas; ALL were fantastic! Served with a side of 3 different salsas & washed down with a cold Negro Modelo...perfect summer dinner!  This place is small, relaxed and for sure you will leave full and smelling of tacos; this is good as they were great! :)  Great spot for lunch so go...now!
Had the tongue and pork tacos. Everything was excellent.  Tortillas were great. Really good authentic Mexican food. Super cheap, too.
There isn't a huge variety of food but the tacos are amazingly delicious and super fresh! The closest thing to authentic Mexican tacos. I'm from San Diego, CA; and you can't find real Mexican food in Southwest Florida. This is it!!! 5 stars definitely!!!
Great authentic tacos and ceviche for insanely cheap prices. You get a ton of meat in your $1 taco! You just can't beat this place in Fort Myers. Friendly staff speaks English and takes call ahead orders. Great for picking up lunch to bring back to the office.
Went back again....had only the Pastor this time as they are the best tacos I have had just about anywhere.  I have eaten tacos in San Fran, LA, Las Vegas, and Chicago.  The Pastor here stacks up with them all.  I want to go back today.  Still wish the wife liked them....she likes American Mexican food.
The basic taste of mexican food needs be used , salt and pepper , food is way to tasteless for this kind of food , should always condiment mex.
Thought I would give this place a try. Had chicken, pork, and shrimp tacos. Very fresh ingredients and overall the food was excellent, I would definitely go back. If you are looking for fine dining, this is not your place..this small restaurant is not "pretty" on the inside, but the food trumps the looks of it. Service was fast on a busy Friday night and very friendly.
The place is nice and the service was ok. I found the $2.50 ($1.50 plain) per taco to be expensive. Especially since each taco is small. There are better options for the money.
Genuine place. Good taste.
Had a pork taco, cerviche tostada and a mandarin jarrito. So tasty! Great prices and friendly staff. It is pretty small, about six tables, so probably not great for groups.
this place is wicked good! i eat at taco shops as much as i can which is maybe 3 times a week, as a matter of fact i ate at two today, and this is by far my favorite one. well, today was actually my first time to this location.  i lived off bay shore drive in south naples where there is an other taqueria san julian that offers just about the same menu so i knew what i was getting in to. i cant eat here with out getting the ceviche tostada. i strongly recommend it. i posted a photo of the menu you should check out. it has a list of all the proteins you can pick to fill your taco with. i am a sucker for el pastor and think that it is always a good base to judge a taco shop and this one here is great! and fyi its cash only!!!!!!!! but you should not need more the 10 bucks unless you chose to drink a modelo especial which always pairs nicely.
This place is a god send for me being a Southern California native and being used to finding these kind of taquerias pretty much everywhere. This place has got some awesome tacos. I pretty much always go for the al pastor, the cabesa, or the lengua. The house made salsas are also very good. I always finish off the meal with a nice little flan that is drenched in delicious caramel syrup. mmmm.. tastes like home :)
Great food great price.  Service is fast too.  Very authentic.
really good, simple best thing I had was the quesadilla with chorizo, also tried the steak one and the suadero one. The shrimp and avocado tostada was good but not great taco was good they do not have guacamole or chips. They do take credit cards now, they also have horchata
Really good authentic tacos! I had a Chicken, Steak, Shrimp and Pork taco. All were good. My wife had a beef and a chorizo taco. She enjoyed them as well. I will definitely go back and would recommend it to anyone that is looking for authentic tacos.
Quintessential hole-in-the-wall taco shop. You can't go wrong here. Everything on the 10-12 item menu is fresh and delicious. Especially love the Beef Tongue taco and the Shrimp and Avocado tostada. Cash only. Relish the fact you're the only one not speaking Spanish, or join in if you can.
Second visit and as good as the first.  Best tacos and quesadillas found so far in Fort Myers. I agree with many here that the sauces are delicious as well. Don't miss out on great authentic tacos.
A real Taqueria, they have Face, tongue, tripe, al pastor, all of the good stuff. Inexpensive, fast, and authentic.
Its always comforting to sit in a Taqueria when you are the only table conversing in English. The ceviche absolutely rocks served on crispy tostadas with a slice of avocado. Same for the pork, beef, chicken and wait for it - tongue taco. Bueno.
It's cheap and delicious, a combination that can't be argued with.  Christina is talking about a different place, this joint does not have a liquor license.  They do have fantastic hot sauces and salsas to go with their tacos, which are beyond compare in Fort Myers. This place is awesome.  Go.
Good steak and pork tacos, great beef tacos.  Small portions, but very inexpensive.
Real authentic Mexican food. We had 6 tacos - 3 steak, a chicken, a tongue and a tripe. We had wanted head but they didn't have any the day we went. Definitely go if you want real tacos.  All the tacos plus 2 bottles of Coke and tip for $17.00....not bad.
As has been said before, it's a hole-in-the-wall, but the food is awesome. I ordered a mix of tacos for my dinner; steak, pork and chorizo. All were wonderful. I was offered two sauces; a tomatillo and what I'm guess was a chipote, as it had a nice roasted flavor. Both were excellent. Will be back!
Great tacos! The place is pretty authentic, me being mexican I'm always in the look for real mexican food. Only thing I wish this place had more variety...
Very authentic!!  Great location. Had the steak tacos. Could have just kept eating and eating. Dining area is very small so be prepared to possibly wait or do take out. Well worth a visit though!!
If you want really good tacos and ceviche this place is yummy.  It is big with the Mexican locals and the food is fresh!  Really cheap too.  My hubby would have ordered more ceviche except that the tacos and chimmichanga were tastey and filling. Just pretty much tacos and a few other things and if you are looking for class or decor this is not the place for you.  It would be a fav if I lived in the area.
Delicious tacos!! This little place may not accept cash and has small menu but let me tell you the food is great! We ordered pork,chicken,and beef tacos and all were fresh and very tasty, all the tacos came with cilantro and onions with your choice of sauce on the side. This place is a gem!
We stop here because it was the first place in our way with a good Yelp review and I couldnt be happier. Their menu consist basically of Tacos and quesadillas but it couldnt be better and the prices are great! Thanks YELP. P.S. I read here that they are cash only but is not truth they DO accept credit cards.
