Yes, I want to try everything on this menu. The best burger in Florida so far.  Cooked to perfection and medium as requested.  Tender, juicy beef.  Crisp, thick bacon that was flavorful.  Accompanied by truffle fries that were not doused in the truffle oil but actually had just the right amount.  First time in ages I did not ask for either salt or pepper. Friendly wait staff etc., Highly recommend and will return.
There is nothing better than being able to enjoy an evening out with a friend and not feel pressured to hurry your meal to turn over the table, no matter how busy the restaurant is on the night. Often when two women go out together (and especially if one or both is not drinking) a server (or management) has preconceived notions that they won't be tipping well or they will be demanding. I speak from years of being on the other side of the table, not my own stereotyping. It just is what it is. I am so pleased that my firs time at Nevermind they have truly lived up to it being an Awesome Eatery. The restaurant, as noted in other reviews has both a seating area towards the back and high top seats in the bar area up front, including an impressive full bar as well. My friend and I chose to sit in the bar area at a high top when we arrived close to 6:00 on a Tuesday evening as the hostess explained a party of 12 was due to arrive shortly and we decided it would likely get loud sitting in the smaller seating area in back. The decor is hipster chic, lots of cool decoupage collage with sexy black lacquer rock and roll vibes. They've taken a small space and maximized it to it's best potential, keeping the lines simple and little fuss. Very good. We ordered appetizers - I had the fresh Hummus with toasty bread and my friend decided on the Volcano Spring Roll, which unfortunately I couldn't share due to food allergy but she said was amazing (and was presented beautifully). My hummus was delicious and full of flavor and the waiter said was the latest batch by the chef, and you could tell it was exceptionally fresh. The portion was HUGE and I wound up sharing with my friend and the waiter offered to bring more bread as well. I had asked if they had any carrots or celery to eat the hummus with and the kitchen did not, which I thought a bit odd as those are pretty basic kitchen staples. Waiter agreed and said he'd pass that along to the chef as a suggestion for future for the hummus plate, which while outstanding, is just a bit carb heavy as it stands. My friend additionally ordered a pressed Angus burger and fries, which she found to be a bit awkwardly presented, but it was fine. The fries were so-so. I ordered a Glenfiddich on the rocks from the bar and received a very generous pour in a large rocks glass. In a previous review I saw someone complain about the cost of the drinks. I felt this was a fair price for the drink I ordered and what I received. Additionally, my drink was made wrong the first time (the waiter told the bartender scotch and water, which is not what I drink) and I sent it back. They ate that drink. Instead of moaning, the bartender came over to our table and apologized to me for getting the order wrong, which she did not have to do as I wasn't even bothered by it. (I wasn't paying for it...). Very professional and NICE thing to do. I respected that because there was no reason to do it except she wanted to. Smart woman! Just as we were finishing up the music started to increase in volume so I suppose the later it gets, the louder it gets. It was also fairly packed by the time we were ready to go. Our waiter was attentive, polite, funny, charming and managed to cover our table and all of his others as the night went on. We left just after 8:00pm. I left a 25% tip for outstanding service so the bartender and waiter would know they were appreciated and I was aware of their efforts towards our enjoyable experience. We never were made to feel hurried or rushed. We were encouraged to relax and enjoy our evening. I'm looking forward to taking my husband back to explore the menu more and visit back again with friends. A really great find in the Cape, with delicious but not pretentious food - which is priced affordably, friendly polite staff and an eclectic decor that is funky but not impersonal. I'd give the extra star if the menu were to expand to include a few more vegetarian or gluten free options, add ons/sub options to existing menu and if there were better signage directing for parking. Some room to grow on very minor things. Soon they will be perfect!! Great job overall. Very impressed.
Nevermind Awesome Bar lives up to it's name because it truly is AWESOME!  The interior channels the spirit of West Coast bars; a wonderful surprise for SW Florida.  A picture of Kurt Cobain watches over the room while 90's grunge music plays over the speakers and trendy, fresh food is served.   The kitchen is small, but if you sit at the chef's bar top, you can see that the food is cooked up quickly and masterfully.  The menu is innovative and it's hard to pick when ordering because it all sounds delicious.   My wife and I both like ordering the Filet Mignon with the grilled brussel sprouts and truffle fries.  Every time we've ordered steaks here, they have been cooked perfectly.  The steak is so tender it seems to melt in your mouth like meat flavored butter.  I'm salivating right now just thinking about it. The drink menu has a lot of unique choices.  I had a Moscow Mule and it was fun to drink out of the copper mug.  My wife gets Arizona Tea in the bottle because it reminds her of growing up in the 90's.   The bathroom looks cool with decoupage collaged walls and reminds me of a certain bar in Corktown Detroit where the White Stripes used to play.   We went to this month's Club Carne, which is a special event that Nevermind Awesome Bar holds monthly.  We shared the Kobe steak for two.  The steak was huge and one of the best steaks I've eaten.  We also got a tasty salad to start, a huge side of roasted veggies and a homemade cronut for dessert.  We even had leftovers!  The event was sold out so if you plan on going, make sure to sign up early.  They also hold a special event for beer tasting but I have yet to try it out.   I wouldn't just give this bar a 5/5, I would give it a 10/10!
We came in late from out of town looking for food and good cocktails; we got so much more! They offer a "420" menu (bar menu) that is perfect for the late diner. The bartender/owner was engaging, friendly and clearly knows his industry. The drinks were perfect, the food was perfectly crafted and cooked to perfection with dashes of flair and artistry. We were completely impressed and will be going back this week to try their full menu.
Sinfully delicious. Had the cheeseburger and Brussels sprouts. For desert we had their genius combination of red velvet donuts atop home made cookies with pecan icecream. Incredible
THINK TRUFFLE FRIES They are exquisite here and are certainly a signature item for the master chef Shannon Yates. If possible, they are even better at Mad Fresh Bistro, a former restaurant of his. We stopped in for lunch and the chef was in charge of the kitchen, to our great advantage. My wife and I had the "Bar Steak" and Caesar Salad - it was a lot of food and we were happy to share. The bar steak was no less that a beautiful filet mignon, perfectly cooked, together with truffle fries. Yummy. And the Caesar salad, if you can believe it, was one of the best I've ever had. It had a large, thinly sliced toasted piece of fresh bread on top of the fresh lettuce, but a highlight for me was that it was ROOM TEMPERATURE, as was the plate. Outstanding. The flavor (in my opinion) of a salad in absolutely killed by the refrigerator temp, and a cold plate? - ugh! Who wants a pre-prepared tasteless salad grabbed straight from the fridge, as they do in Bob Evans, Chili's, Applebee's, etc., you get the idea. This salad was perfect. This place, with loud music and matching decor, is designed for a hip crowd, but we oldies can stumble in and have a good time as well. Location - 5 STARS Parking - 3 STARS Food - 5 STARS Service - 5 STARS Ambiance/Decor - 3 1/2 STARS (very loud music)
The customer service was excellent. They greeted us from the moment we opened the door and sat us right away. Our waiter was on point with our beverages and very attentive. The food is not what I expected. I was disappointed with the taste.
OMG service is amazing!! And the good is out of this world!!!! Absolutely love this place..
This was the last pit stop I made for a quick bite during my weekend vacation. I saw the word "tapas" and I lost all my senses. This is a peculiar spot: tucked in an ambiguous strip mall, literally if you blink you would miss it. Parking in the front is limited, but I believe there's parking in the back and door to enter from the back. The place was dark, and pretty packed for a Sunday night at 9:30pm. I walked in not knowing if they're still serving food. The guy behind the bar didn't give me a friendly vibe when I asked if the kitchen is still open. Look, I obviously don't look like I'm a regular or even live there, so cut me some slack, and answer my question with a little more kindness please. Since there's little demand for late night dining in Cape Coral, there are not many options to choose from, I decided to sit down at the bar & get a quick bite & drink nonetheless. When I got the menu I had sticker shock! Cheapest item was $9 which was a salad. I guess I was used to other cheap food offering throughout the weekend I didn't know what to expect. I ended up with a $5 pint of draft beer & $10 Volcano Roll, which is a cream cheese & crab (imitation) eggroll with spicy mayo. I would have loved real crab (and they didn't specify when I asked what it was, and being at the coast where seafood is abundant, I don't think having real seafood in a $10 eggroll was a ridiculous expectation). The presentation was nice, the taste was ok, the outside eggroll wrapping could be fried a little crispier (I had to chew through part of it). All in all this was a little disappointing. I guess in part I was expecting something more. The lady who ended up serving me was great. The food in my opinion are overpriced for what it was. The cocktails are priced at $12 each, hence I had a pint of beer at $5. I'm sure this is a perfect spot for certain occassion, but definitely not for my chill/laid back FL vacation. Food 2.5 Service (actual, not the intial contact) 4 Ambiance 3 Price/Value 2
So my husband and are here right now- finding this place by accident as it is the 4th and the first place we went wanted 10 bucks just for parking because it is the 4th... Anyway I am so glad the other place was so stingy because this place really is awesome. We had two of their burgers with Truffle fries and a spring roll and a cookie dessert and omg all the other Yelpers are right... The food Amazing... The staff ... So damn friendly I'm ready to move in. If you are in the area you must stop here.
Very very very good place. come see Rick! He will treat you well. "Never mind" the rest of the day :) The volcano spring roll was so delicious I would have more but only stopped for a snack! Stopped in during "happy hour" roll was half price. The rest of the menu looked amazing. Too bad I live in the northeast or I would be here every day!
This is the only place in Cape Coral that reminds me of some of the local spots we've enjoyed on the west coast. Cold beer, great food, and a cool 90's vibe. Grow a beard and you'll feel like you were in Oregon or Washington.
The Nevermind is a place where you just feel comfortable.  The ambiance and decor is great.  I had the pressed Cheesburger and I wish I could tell you what my wife had but i can't remember.  It was good though.  Fresh bread with Mozzarella and tomatoes with a side salad.  It was very good and flavourful.   The pressed Cheesburger was really tasty as well.  The meat was a good quality beef and it was cooked to perfection.  The fries that came on the side were awesome. i hope they continue to stay open for lunch during "off season." Everything was great from the service to the beer.
Try the pork belly and cheese sandwich... really really good... I ordered also their pressed burger, and although the burger was good, it was dipped and soaked in ketchup, which should have been put on the side (don't like ketchup)... the atmosphere is great, good beer selection.
Food is very good - surprised to have such a good fine here in the Cape.  Nice addition - reminds me of the gastro pubs in Chicago.  Loved the pressed burger and fries - Delicious!!  Drink specials would have been appreciated.  A little on the pricy side for here but I don't mind paying more for the quality.  Loved the cozy shared table atmosphere - people nice and Florida friendly.  Great place and even better I can walk from my condo.  Totally cool place hands down.
And I loove this bar...it's my kind of place!!!  I've visited the Nevermind Bar a couple of times now and everything has been delicious. Today I had the tomato mozzarella basil panini!!! Words cannot describe! Cant decide which I like more... the pressed cheeseburger with truffle fries ties  the win! Depends on what your in the mood for. Love the ambiance too! So chiilll!! Can't wait to go back!
I could live without the heavy metal music, but otherwise really like this place. There is always an interesting mix of people and the bar food is REALLY very good. (Don't loose your chef!) He's one of the top reasons we go here. Good energy.
We stopped in when they opened on Saturday at 3:00. The interior is small and not what I expected. It's basically a bar that sells awesome food. The friendly guy behind the bar told us they're expanding into the space next door and they'll also have a patio area out back within a couple of weeks. Unlike most restaurants that have a bar area, this is a bar with bar food and some specialty drinks (we got a free sample of one of them) Be aware that there is fairly loud music playing, but you can still communicate. I got the Parmesan Truffle Wings which came with 3 sauces. Buffalo, Sweet Asian, and Buttermilk Ranch. The wings were crispy, but not all that large or meaty. They were ok and I thought the Buffalo sauce was the best. For the main meal I ordered the Pressed Cheeseburger, medium rare. This was a bit different than any other burger I've had out. It's simply a 5 oz. burger with cheese on both sides of the bun and it's pressed down and flattened out. No frills on this burger, it only comes with cheese. Which was fine. The burger was pretty good and cooked perfectly. I don't think I'm a fan of Truffle fries so I ordered the fries that came with the burger as just plain, but I got Truffle fries anyway. No biggie, I just ate them anyway. The parking is a problem out front. I'm not sure if there's parking out back. I would come back and try something else. Oh...nice TV's in the bar!!
Definitely an AWESOME bar! The food is fantastic, with drinks to match. The atmosphere is perfect. I wish I could make it to Nevermind more often, its usually reserved for date night with my husband, or a rare night out with friends, but when I go it's always a treat.
At least it's trying. This slightly spruced up dive bar offers a modest beer selection and poorly devised cocktails. Moscow Mule's with simply ginger ale, gin and cucumber such and such (like everywhere else). The food is cooked on a flat top. With bullshit like truffle fries, and lamb as an excuse to charge 15 dollars. I would have no problem with a 15 dollar lamb burger if it was flavorful, well garnished, and well prepared. While I've been told that the ingredients are fresh, that information is a little depressing because It seems like they came from the "fancy" section at Cosco. They have nothing on them, they are tiny, they are covered in grease, and are lacking any flavor whatsoever. At least they've discovered that they should make their own sour mix. It's a start but I won't be back.
The first time my wife and I walked into nevermind on a busy Saturday night we were pleasantly surprised at the hospitality such a "cool" place easily exudes.  We were greeted almost immediately, when the place was standing room only, and asked if we wanted the bar or table seating.  Already we appreciated the easy laid back vibe. Shannon, the chef/owner, was behind the bar satisfying his patron's every need as if he was born to do this.  The food is amazing,  burgers are phenomenal,  and the extra events like "Cult Suds-  a craft beer and awesome food Saturday afternoon and" Cult Carne" dinner put this fun, inviting, and excellent eatery /"cool" place in a category not often seen in sw fla.
Food is the star of this eatery and Shannon can cook up a feast for the eyes and senses as evidenced by our meal recently. We sat at a tall table in bar that generally seat perhaps eight folks. Some nearby tables that look like an afterthought are in a tight corridor and provide the only intimate seating. The bar itself curves around w enough space to seat ten or more. Two strapping fellas expertly care for customers and really move to keep it going. Great service. Full glass windows face the road not much of any view and the back lot sports a giant green egg BBQ for doing some special menu items.... Pork? We had volcano roll, a real cocktail w soda from a bottle not a soda pump...! The special was a hunk of hot and flakey moist Alaskan halibut served over crabmeat and collard greens. Exquisite toothsome down to the last generous morsel. We split a garden salad finished with a lovely dressing. Final report is truly bordering on five stars and if the seating were more friendly for couples it would blow all competition out of water. The bar is not that attractive as double duty for a dining room. This place needs a rework on seating and the popularity of the food may force management to create a food vibe alongside the bar vibe. Menu is slender paper clipboard and has plenty on it so why not make a real menu? Happy hour half price snacks are shown I think at full price ? Volcano roll is a four PC cut roll for 12 bucks before half price. We want to eat here just for the superior food quality and am willing to say NEVERMIND.... To the small stuff which the smart manager will figure out in time.
We have been wanting to try the food here so we stopped in on  Saturday around 3:30. We were greeted by Murphy, he sat us and asked what we would like to drink and he said our server would be right with us. Well "our server" never came because she was tending bar and talking with her friends that were sitting right beside us! Murphy noticed this and brought us our drinks and menus.  When we were ready to order "our server" still had never came over. Murphy could tell we were getting a little agitated so he once again came over and asked if we were ready to order and I replied "Yes, can u please be our server? Which he agreed.  My boyfriend ordered the triple cheeseburger which has bacon and I ordered the Kobe cheeseburger. The Kobe burger had NO SEASONING so it was VERY bland and was priced at $18. The bacon burger was decent but definitely not worth $14. The fries were not crispy. We do not mind spending money on great food but this was not at all what we expected. At 4:00 our "new waitress" arrived and brought us our bill and obviously expected a tip since her name was on the bill which she didn't deserve.  Murphy's attention and personality would be the only reason we would try again! Kudos to U Murphy, Nevermind is very lucky to have u!
Such a cool, chill place to go to for a drink and a good dinner.  Had the Brussels sprout, the Brie cheese plate and a house salad with a lemon- lime vinaigrette, all were great!  Friends split a huge steak and they loved it!! We then split a dessert that had a chocolate chip cookie, donut hole and butter pecan ice cream!  Soooo good!  Our server, Rick was the most down to earth person and was so knowledgable about the menu.  Totally awesome guy! Definitely would recommend this place to my friends!
Just got off a flight got some late night eats...... And it was delicious, definitely the best place I've eaten in the cape :)
One of my favs!
Fabulous food, cocktails, and atmosphere. Love a place that mixes their own drinks and creates their own ketchup. Different than most and a break from all the retiree locations. An excellent stop for the local crowd. Keep it coming!
Very interesting food in a tapas bar format, we shared the fried pork belly with hot sauce and the new steak and beans.  Good beer and truffle fries.
Delicious burgers, fun bar, friendly staff.  My only complaint was the seating.  We sat at a hightop.  Many of the stools were too low for the table tops.  The stools were also backless, making for an uncomfortable meal.   We will most likely return, possibly to sit on the patio we saw being constructed out back.
Love their happy hour! They gave great prices on beer and wine and a pretty good selection of half price tapas. If I just want something to snack on I'll usually get the volcano spring rolls, which I can't get enough of! Tried the buffalo chicken burger on Friday and it was great as well. Definitely recommend!
Small, funky place that is all about the food. Where else can I get a filet with foie gras? Truffled wings? Kobe burger pressed like a panini? A coffee sauce? Well besides Brooklyn (the new required foodie place to visit)...it's surprisingly in a nondescript building with little signage. I felt like I discovered that "hole in the wall" place and upon opening the door, stepped into bar food heaven. Upscale "bar food" has never been this good. Love the concept of an ever changing menu....(life it too short to eat the same thing over and over).   The low key atmosphere...no pretentiousness here...is also welcoming. Be prepared to share a table with strangers-don't worry..conversation starts with food recommendations and "what are you getting".....
Not a bad little place. Good atmosphere on a Tuesday night with a decent beer selection. About 8 taps with maybe half craft selections and a selection of about 5 craft cans. Moderately priced beers. Was very happy with the service. Server was attentive but not overwhelming. The food was decent. Burgers are half off on Tuesday nights and at that price they are still just hardly worth the price. Had the kobe burger and she had the burger with brisket and queso. Both were rather fast food like with the grease and bun on par with your local Micky D's. Overall I would visit again for the drinks and service but I would eat at home first.
Great food! Very cool atmosphere, and helpful staff. Had never been and asked for recommendations,  which they were happy to give. Can't wait to go back.
They have great burgers. The word "artisinal" is often overused.  It is a good way to describe their food though.  This is a very friendly, intimate place.  Especially good on Tues night special burger prices. I have had the lamb burger, and the kobe burger both fantastic!
This place is nothing like you expect. While at first glance it's a dark, thrown together dive bar I suggest you give it a second look! As you have your first drink and glance over the ever-changing menu you come to realize that it's quirkiness is part of its charm. The staff is friendly and accommodating and the menu is always interesting. Let's face it, it's all about the food!  We have taken to eating here once a week and so far have not had anything that isn't truly mouthwatering! Love the cheese plate and pate dish, and the lamb burgers yum! Truffle fries are delicious, ask for one of the burger sauces instead of ketchup. Great salad too! Save room for dessert too and enjoy. Thank you Shannon and staff we love it here!
Great happy hour menu. Try the chicken burger and fried Mac and cheese, yum.
Very intimate. Good food selection. Nice staff.
Lamb burger = HEAVEN. I'm from New York so kind of hard to please. Superb! We also had the wings which were amazing. Hope to be back to visit soon :) the staff is very friendly and the selection of drinks can please any craving
I've been there several times for happy hour.  The food is delicious and the beer is ice cold.  I enjoy the atmosphere and the service is great.
First time visit on a Monday night, party of 3.  Not sure why someone would take "the family" here as it struck us as a bar first and a restaurant second, albeit a menu you'd expect at someplace more upscale.  There was one threesome with a screeching toddler in tow which we found annoying and definitely out of place at one of the six-top tables in the bar area.  Regardless, we were delighted to discover the happy hour drink and tapas prices and even moreso once we tried our dishes.  The parmesan truffled chicken wings were huge, meaty and subtly but perfectly flavored.  They would benefit from a quick shake of salt when they're just out of the oil.  For entrees we had the beef burger with queso, the lamb burger and the chorizo mac & cheese.  No one found the burgers to be "on par with Micky D's" as noted by another reviewer; in fact we agreed they were nicely handcrafted, cooked exactly to order and served with just the right amount of toppings; each came with a generous portion of truffle fries that were positively addictive.  The mac & cheese was not a huge portion but, as our delightful waitress described, rich in flavor and very filling.  We want to try to duplicate this treasure at home.  Cocktails were well prepared and didn't skimp on the booze, and we appreciated the check-ins from the waitress who seemed to appear at just the right time but was far too busy to hover.  Definitely will be going back to Nevermind!
Went here for dinner with family. We heard great things about this place. Although it is different from your every day eatery, the only thing that is "awesome" is that they can actually charge the prices they do. I will say that my meal was good, I won't be back. Considering that we had to sit with strangers at a bar top table, I would have thought that with these prices, we would have some privacy. The bar stools we had to sit on for dinner were not comfortable. Next time, I will choose more wisely.
This is my absolute favorite bar in SW Florida. The food is amazing, the cocktails are incredible and the service is outstanding. You really feel welcomed and at home here. I wish I could go there every day!
Nice little hole in the wall. Their happy hour had half off prices on several items such as volcano spring rolls (4 crab and cream cheese filled tapas) and the buffalo chicken burger. Both items were delicious. My wife had a large grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and a side of brussels sprouts. The grilled cheese had three cheeses, nice thick bread, crispy bacon, and was quite tasty too. The only negative (other than beer in plastic lined cans versus glass bottles) was the $10.00 price for a piece of pumpkin cheese cake... which we chose not to have. But really, $10.00?
Great spot for unique dinners or happy hours, do not judge the book by its cover.
