Awesome!!!!!  Great home style cooking!  Highly recommend the okra and tomatoes, dry Lima beans, Mac n cheese, cabbage and greens!  Absolutely delicious!!!  Super friendly staff too!
I would give it 4 1/2 but yelp just hadn't been very cooperative in this request. The food is traditional Florida Southern. And yes there are different types of Southern. The food is always 5 stars. The service ranges from 5 stars to 4. The decor is old and out of date but it's clean. I have never scene a bug and for Florida in the summer that's saying a lot. I love the portions and the consistency of the food. If you order Lima beans today and then try them again in a month they taste the same. Fresh and homemade.
GREAT SOUTHERN STYLE DINER We had an excellent breakfast here. I had the Whitefish with eggs, toast and cheese grits. The fish was fresh and just perfect, as were the other items as well. My wife had eggs, toast, bacon & grits. Also good and the bacon was three delicious thick strips. I know this place has been around for a long time, but it is a true "find" for us. Warning: they display political posters of tea party candidates. Not cool.
This place survives on the goodwill of past memories.  It is a once great establishment where fresh was king that now cooks almost exclusively out of a can.  Fried chicken and breakfasts are still good.  Vegetables are mostly mush now and anything that can be shortcut is.
I don't know why it took us so long to getting around to this place, but we finally decided to give it a try. Luckily we were starving because they serve a TON of food! I kept it simple with a fried egg, cheese grits and bacon. Boyfriend had an omelette with home fries, both come with a biscuit so we decided to get a side of gravy to split. The biscuits and gravy are some of the best in Fort Myers! My only complaint was that the cheese grits tasted overwhelmingly of American cheese, which just isn't my favorite, but other than that they were cooked perfectly, so I would probably just get the regular ones next time. Service was quick and our server was great! Very friendly and made sure my coffee cup was always full. I can see why this place has so many regulars!
Southern comfort food at it's finest. Consistent, fresh quality, warm hospitality, good service, and reasonable prices. You can't ask for more than that!
Great home cooking so yummy they even carry turkey legs on certain days. Must try if you are in the mood for country cooking collard and there black eye peas or field peas are AMAZING!
I have been searching for good places to eat for 2 years.... I have never heard of this place. They do NO advertising except with the sign out front. This place has been here since the 50's. It kinda  in middle of no where. Just industrial stuff around. When I arrived at 1220 PM on a Wednesday the parking lot was full. When I entered there was a crowded & noisy room with a line at the door for seating ...And take out. It was primary  seniors, regular people, political folks and a gaggle of Lee Co. Deputy Sheriffs. The cuisine is southern food.. The corn muffin as good as mine good biscuits fluffy. So we are talkin stick to the ribs REAL food. No calories counters here. fried chix,  smothered chix, smothered pork chops, prime rib, country ribs.  etc..   With 3 side. I had mac & cheese, collard greens, and some of the best restaurant mash potatoes and gravy in recent history.. They listed about 8 sides.. So if you are a real foodie and not a foo foo on décor. Seek this place out.
Been years since I've been out here & this place didn't let me down! Great southern food, cooked the good ol' southern fashion way! Perfect portions, not to big, not to small. Chiquitto & Banditto approve!!!
Christmas carols on the loud speakers. friendly & efficient staff. those yeasty popover rolls so light like school rolls. memories filled our heads with bliss! hits for me fried gizzards cooked tender, squash casserole, field peas & snaps. hits for him baby green limas, the coconut cream pie. time remembered from date night years back. the prices on the menu snapped the nostalgic trip! oh well, can't go home again but we were close. three nopes for him corn on menu 'silver queen' but really yellow & canned (mother-in-law's recipe!)? potatoes maybe be freshly mashed but needs improvement on taste. country fried steak not for those with weak dentures. we will try again in the future, thanks for the comfort food.
Went hoping for a great southern meal. Had the chicken and dumplings as the main course. Dumplings were very good, but the chicken still had small pieces of bone in several bites. Okra and tomatoes were good along with the steamed cabbage. The corn fritters were straight out of the pre packaged frozen bag. Overall not bad, but certainly not as good as I expected.
I love the concept of this place, right at the State Farmer's Market, but the food I had was so poorly prepared, I couldn't even finish it. It was as if no one added ANYTHING to season anything, except for the dressing with the roasted chicken, which had some sort of spice in it that tasted like Comet bathroom cleanser. After reading all the great Yelp! reviews, I was very disappointed after my visit.
WOW! WOW! WOW!  I've wanted to try this place for a couple of weeks (since I read the yelp reviews and checked out the menu).  So, we were in Fort Myers today and decided to take my mother in law out for lunch here.  SO glad we did.   It was around 3PM and we were pretty hungry already.  Just as we were told, it was a bit off the beaten path.  I don't consider it a bad part of town by any means.  It thought it was an area with lots of character.  Use your GPS and you won't have a problem.  It's only a few miles off the main road.   It was smaller than I expected but the perfect size.  Very cozy and welcoming.  We walked in and got a seat immediately. Our waitress (Debbie) greeted us immediately. I had the unsweetened iced tea with lemon (great!) and hubby had hot chocolate (real hot chocolate).   I had the fried chicken (crazy awesome and cooked when you order it!), hubby had the meatloaf and MIL had the vegetable plate. Debbie brought out a basket of just out of the oven cornbread and rolls.  The cornbread tastes like cornbread is supposed to taste.  I grew up in the south and know!  The rolls were incredible as well.  Reminded me of lunch room rolls.  I immediately commented that I felt as if I had stepped back in time.   Okay, skip forward to the food arriving.  The vegetables are served in little round bowls and your main dish is served on another plate.  It was honestly love at first bite.  I fell in love with the green beans.  OMG SO GOOD.  Then I tasted the mashed potatoes.  Again, INCREDIBLE.  Okay, then I tasted the fried green tomatoes.  Out of this world!  My MIL had the fried okra which she's been craving for years.  LOVED IT.  My husband (who has no southern background) loved his food.   My vegetables were so good!  The iced tea kept coming.  The service is excellent.  I recognized the owner in the restaurant and when he walked by our table he greeted us.  The staff is so super friendly.  I asked for a to go box for the rest of my delicious chicken.  We shared a piece of the key lime pie and it was just amazing.  I typically never like key lime pie but this one was perfect.  Not too sweet and not too tart.  Perfect.  MIL took home a piece of just baked sweet potato pie and coconut cream pie (Gilligan would be so jealous!) for later.   I let our perfectly sweet waitress Debbie know that even though we've only been here two months, that this is our absolute favorite restaurant in Cape Coral/ Fort Myers. To our surprise, for three people, including meals, drinks and three deserts, our bill was a whopping $43.   I know there are not many yelpers here in SW Florida as in California or other parts of the country, but I am happy a few people yelped this spot and I found it.  If you live here and have never been- you are nuts!  If you are visiting and don't go- you are crazy!   Best of the best!  Thank you guys.   (Lots of free parking and Debbie even gave me an iced tea to go.)
Y'all. I've literally grown up eating at this place. I can't eat here without seeing someone I know. I like to go on a weekday before 11:30 (to avoid the lunch rush) or on a Sunday after 2:00 (to avoid the church rush). You can call ahead and order take-out and if you can't get there before 11:30, that's your best bet. It's soul food. It's sweet tea. Most of the servers have been there since I was a kid and all of them are friendly. If they're busy, don't expect your server to chitchat because, well, she's busy. Going to The Farmer's Market is kind of like getting into a secret club, it's not hard to find but it is definitely out of the way, yet astonishingly busy. They don't advertise because they don't need to. It's a hidden gem and the signs on the walls about turning off your "walkie talkies" while in the restaurant let you know that you're dealing with locals and I mean the "our family has been here for at least four generations on either side" locals. During local elections, the campaign signs that get hung in the restaurant are often the signs of the winners of those elections. There's a reason for that; this is the Old Guard. The daily menu is your standard fare, chicken, meatloaf, gizzards and there's a rotating specials menu. The sides rotate with the specials, but there's always plenty of good stuff. The 4 vegetable plate or a fried chicken dinner is a good place to start if you're unfamiliar with southern fare. The mashed potatoes are real, that's kind of a big deal. The prices may seem higher ($10.95 for a chicken dinner and three sides) but when you think about how much food you're getting and that everything you're eating was made fresh that day, you realize it's worth it. Get a sweet tea to go while you're at it. I highly doubt that anything (except the mac and cheese) in this place is vegetarian. But I pretend. I'm a sucker for black eyed peas, cornbread and pepper sauce and they do it right. The fried chicken is. Well. Life-changing. If you've never had real fried chicken, do yourself a favor. Put down that KFC crap and head over to The Farmer's Market. You'll be glad you did.
Went for breakfast, would have never found if not for yelp. The biscuits were amazing and I wasn't sorry I waited for them. The service was good and waitresses friendly. The pies in the shelf on way out looked awesome!
Thank You Thank You Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place. Yes, it's out of the way and in a shabbier part of town, but you can't beat their southern comfort food.  I had the Country Fried Steak, Mash Potatoes, Sweet Corn, and Black Eyed Peas.  It was the VERY BEST Country fried steak I have had in a very long time.  The sweet corn was spot on, and the corn bread and rolls were to die for.  The black eyed peas could have used a little more flavor, but I imagine they are trying to please the vegetarian crowd.   I got there at 11:15, and was one of only 3 tables.  By the time I was done, the place was filling up.  I saw several people order the Fried Chicken, and it looked delicious.  I may have to try that next time. I can't recommend it enough and I will definitely make it a regular stop when I am in Ft. Myers.
OMG.. Southern & Soul Food Heaven.  The country fried steak, biscuits, bacon, pork chops, fried chicken, collards, beans, coconut cream pie....are to die for (and you probably will do so if you ate here every day.. This is real food.. Grandma style.). Off the beaten path in an industrial area, but unquestionably the best overall southern food in Lee County.
This restaurant was a bit of a challenge to find, especially without a picture, so I have uploaded a couple. You're welcome. ;) We went here on a Sunday afternoon. Families were here dining in their church clothes. The biscuits were homemade and were AMAZING. Everything tasted like someone's southern grandmother was in back preparing family recipes. The menu was simple and traditional and the food was very rich. Portions were quite large. Overall it was very good. Being a bit of a pastry snob, I was only disappointed when it came to the pies, which were all homemade and there were several varieties. I had a slice of lemon meringue, which the lemon custard had a curdled texture. My boyfriend had a slice of blueberry and the crust on the bottom was actually a little raw.
Great southern food! I stop here every time I visit South West Florida. It is in an inconvenient location, but I make the drive anyway. Easily the best restaurant in Fort Myers. Try the fried zucchini over the fried green tomatoes. Great mac and cheese from a place that probably has NO IDEA that mac and cheese is trendy. The collard greens are serious, the corn bread is perfection. We sat down to eat and didn't say a word until all of our food was gone. Always a good sign!
The worst service I have ever had. We waited an hour for breakfast. Our server never even came back to the table after we ordered.
O.K. I have had it!  I've been going here for approx. 5yrs. now. But, NO MORE!!!  I went for dinner on Monday (1/27/14)  and it took almost 45mins.to get my meal! I think the kitchen help is quite POOR!  The food is consistently INCONSISTENT!  The bread as well.  The portion sizes may vary from visit to visit. The waitresses seem to be all over the place, whether its getting your order out to you and/or service, ie. refills, etc Where's the management?  My suggestion, give them a try if you have MINIMAL standards for your food and service. I'm not a disgruntled customer, simply NOT a returning customer...
My first trip to this restaurant. First rate comfort food.  Had the fried chicken dinner and was not disappointed.  The chicken was moist and juicy which is the ultimate test of fried chicken. Seasoned just right and had a nice crispy coating. Comes with 3 sides. I had the mashed potatoes, corn and cole slaw.  The corn was a little tough, but the potatoes and slaw were very good.  The cornbread and rolls were excellent. All this food and an ice tea, 15 bucks!!!  You can't beat it. The Sunday menu had other comfort foods as well.  Chicken fried steak, meatloaf, pot roast, etc. If you are looking for fine dining don't come here, but if you want very good comfort food at a fantastic price, make your way to this place right away.
Been to this place a bunch of times, never had a bad meal. In fact, it's been incredible every time. Amazing breakfast and lunch menu. Service is always very friendly. I love supporting this restaurant since it has been around in Fort Myers for a long time. Every time I've gone, it's been busy (in a good way) and filled with locals. I highly highly recommend if you are looking for soul food!!!
The food is good home cooking.  Don't be dismayed by the location it was very clean inside and food was tasty.  Collard greens were the best I've ever had not loaded with grease just flavor, fried green tomatoes yumm and Mac n cheese just right Casual but great
Slow service. They were busy, but it took them forever to notice us. Our food took 25 minutes to arrive. Mediocre food. Sausage gravy was very starchy. Bacon wasn't flavorful. Didn't cook our food as we asked. Good prices. If you aren't overly picky, the low prices might win you over. We probably won't return for breakfast.
Yummy Southern cookin'!  Fresh collard greens, corn fritters, fried green tomatoes & okra, all delicious. The country fried steak was so tender, you could cut it with a fork. The fried pork chops were a bit thin, but had a very good flavor. The mashed potatoes are the real thing, rolls fresh & hot, The corn muffins were like my mom used to make.  So good, no butter, honey or syrup needed! Fresh iced tea to wash it all down. The chocolate homemade pie was awesome -reminded me of my Aunt's. I've tasted better pecan pie thoough. We'll definately be back when we're in town !!
All I can say is....why couldn't we have found this when we first arrived in fort myers beach....the food on the beach was as bad as the fried chicken at the farmers market was good.   Black eyed peas (that I ordered on a whim) were a delicious surprise, the coleslaw great, fried green tomatoes, corn fritters and Mac n cheese worth every mile it took to get there. even the rolls and corn bread were beyond my expectations. My husband wanted to go back on our way to the airport on the way home he liked it so much!   Do not miss this hidden gem.
How can this place only have 6 reviews?  WTF? Down home cooking at a reasonable price.  It is in the bad part of town, but hey, that is part of the draw. This time had fried chicken.  portion was a bit on the small side for the husband but enough for me.  Mac & Cheese was meh.  Fried Zucchini rocked.  The cornbread was so good I almost couldn't eat my meal (since I ate waaayyy too much of that delicious cornbread with honey & butter) Pie - You gotta get the pie.  We tried the coconut creme - did not like the meringue part but the coconut creme part was awesome.  Also tried the pineapple - that was great!  crushed pineapple mixed into whipped cream - how can you go wrong? Service is always good, like you are part of the family. And if you forget your bible, they will loan you one!  How many restaurants can say that? We will be back - I love this place!
First time back in 30+ years, but nothing has changed (although my waitress had a NY accent; I know?) Clean, friendly, inexpensive, and great food. I oreder the vegetable plate with as many extra vegetables as I could get and proceeded to tuck in and tune out. Here is the trick; get the cornbread, and dunk it in every vegetable bowl you get. Brought me back to my childhood. If you are in the Fort, take a small side trip and visit the Farmer's Market Restaurant.
The food here is great. A friend introduce me to this place I never knew it exist till now.  the area would  seem an  unlikely place  to find a restaurant with good food  but don't be intimidated  the place is clean and the staff is nice and welcoming  food is very  good  fried chicken is awesome! And the desserts are heaven .  I would really recommend This spot to anyone who's looking for some good  southern home cookin.
We had definitely one of the best pulled pork sandwiches we've ever tasted here.  The meatloaf sandwich was just average, but the pulled pork was something special!
Great home cooking. The veggies and chicken-and-dumplings were out-of-site. The location's a little inconvenient, but its worth the drive.Quick service
Don't pass this by! We almost did and it would have been a big mistake!  If you don't slow down you can easily pass this wonderful little treasure by.  There is a tree blocking the restaurants sign and it's in the middle of an industrial area but... it is worth the trip.  Great Southern style food, for good reason as it backs up next to the Ft. Myers Farmers Market and seafood market.  My parents and I had a great experience at this little restaurant.   For the food we had: * Country fried chicken wings dinner - takes 20 minutes so eat the WONDERFUL cornbread as an appetizer.  This chicken was terrific! Super moist and juicy on the inside and a wonderful crisp crust on the outside.  The batter had a great flavor that didn't overwhelm the chicken. * Fried Catfish  - best catfish I have ever eaten - super moist and tender and perfectly crispy. * Most entrées come with three sides - so make the most of your delicious choices, we had: o Collard greens - nice and tender greens with great flavor o Mashed potatoes & gravy - home made and wonderful o Fried Okra -little bite sized, battered, goodness. o Potato Salad- this was great and definitely homemade. o Macaroni and cheese - very good o Fried green tomatoes - Great! * HAVE DESERT!   THE BEST KEY LIME PIE I HAVE EVER HAD!  This little restaurant has homemade pies on the menu daily and they are great.  My parents and I split this desert after a great meal and wanted to have another piece for the road.  This pie was terrific.   Service:  The service was great, there is a little group of waitresses that have probably been there for years and they were great Atmosphere:  charming, you don't get this anymore. What this restaurant is definitely not is stuffy or pretentious.  Just a great little neighborhood restaurant feel.
Good food and good service. The pie alone was worth the trip
great southern cooking. collard greens melt in your mouth, mashed potatoes perfect, and very tasty black-eyes peas. my husband loves the fried chicken. better be hungry if you go here. lots of food served!
My fried chicken was bland but moist.  The Mac and cheese didn't taste homemade.  Fried okra was fair.  Corn bread was tasty but not warm enough.  Highlight of the meal was the chocolate and pecan pies.  Would only go back for some pie.
Breakfast or Lunch - This is the best southern cooking you can get in Ft Myers
i have been to the restaurant 5 times and i wi ll say the food is very good. the service is as bad as the food is good. the last time we were there we waited 20 minutes and left without ordering. they are really in need of a training program for the servers. i dont intened to go back until they improve  iam a year round resident. don reineke
