My family and I absolutely loved this place.  Immediately, we loved the theme and atmosphere as we approached.  As we entered, we were greeted by friendly, smiling faces.  Neat little touches like frisbees for kid's meal plates and shop towels as napkins won us over before we even had food.  I told my wife that even if the food was only "OK" that this was still a great dinner place for us.  That didn't matter, because the food was great!!  My burger was perfect, and the fries, baked beans and sweet potatoes were great too.  I also enjoyed the beer selection; a great mix of national and local craft beers as well as popular favorites.   The only downside I can think of are the price of the "extras" for burgers.  I thought they were a little pricey, but they did make my burger better, so I enjoyed them. This place was awesome, and is a great place to take the family on a lazy vacation night!
I gave it 1 star for service, but  4 stars for food(burgers/fries and desserts) and ambiance.  We arrived at 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  The 6 of us were there eating until 4pm!  We sat outside.  The inside is open air seating too.  You must check out the bathrooms....notice what the inside of the bathroom door says.   We ordered fried pickles and fried pretzel sticks.  I had never heard of fried pretzel sticks....they were great!  They come with a choice of cheese dips.  My favorite was the pepper cheese dip.   After enjoying the appetizers, it took over an HOUR to get our entrees.  The waitress never apologized for this delay.  Once we received our food she didn't check on us.  One person in our party had cold sweet potato fries that she hand walked in to the restaurant to find someone to reheat them. W hen they came back they were warm and coated in brown sugar.  Plus they come with a sugar dip.   They were the best sweet potato fries I have had.   My burger was juicy and well seasoned.  The truffle fries were okay.  When you order a side of fries they give you two basket of fries which is enough for four people to split.  The mac and cheese tasted like Velveeta.   After finishing our meals, the plates were not cleared.  When the server returned to finally check on us I asked if they could provide us with desserts or something to makeup for the bad service.  She said she would comp one dessert for the table.  I then requested to see the manager.  The manager said she would comp a dessert for each person.  The manager apologized for the delay and said she wasn't aware of the poor service we were receiving.  Other tables around us who were seated after us were served before us.   The desserts and apology made us feel better about the experience.  We had high expectations because our friend and raved about this place. For dessert, we had the rum cake (amazing), chocolate cupcake (not homemade), key lime pie, and fried pretzel sticks coated in cinnamon and served with a chocolate dip.  I really enjoyed the pretzel sticks and rum cake.   Overall, the food was good.  I will go back and assume we would have better service.  The ambiance is really fun with the old ford vehicles in front of the restaurant and one truck that has its bed as a table! There is plenty of free parking in the attached gravel parking lot.
Good- The food is always good. I've tried most of the burgers and mains. They have a lot of beer selections but they're typically out of a lot of drafts. Bad- Been here many times and can never get over the sheer volume of the place. There's a radio blaring so loudly you can't hear your tablemates and periodically there's an old-timey car horn that blares throughout the establishment for reasons unbeknownst to me. It's loud. If you want to have a conversation, good luck. The restaurant has been open for almost a year and a half and half ot the parking lot is filled with giant holes and is unpaved. Ugly- Never had good service here. Basics like drink orders, appetizer orders, mains orders are not taken promptly. You'll have a hard time tracking down your waitress. Bottom line- Your meal is going to taste great. There's a huge selection of beer. The place is overly loud and the service is bad. If you have a small car, try to park in a paved lot nearby.
Love this place! Great for socializing and catching up with old friends. Large selection of craft beers, awesome decor (check out the sinks in the bathrooms!). Burgers are amount the best you will find in the area. A little pricey, but worth it. If you have a party of four or more, you may want to order two appetizers as the portions are relatively small to accommodate regular-larger parties. Wish they would open a few more places in the area to help eliminate wait times during the dinner rush.
Pulled pork Mac & cheese was delicious! Salad was very fresh and burger was quite good. Fantastic beer selection.
Holy amazingness! This place is great. We were greeted with smiles and seated really quickly despite the packed parking lot and outer dining area. They had a huge selection of beer and I found a piece of home that I miss so dearly, a vanilla porter from a brewery in Colorado. No words can describe the feeling I had when I took a sip. The waitress we had, Desiree, was super friendly! She joked with us and really made the experience that much better. I ordered the BBQ Pulled-Pork Mac-N-Cheese! HOLY FOOD BATMAN it was gooooood! It came out fast, and it was everything I imagined. I ate the whole thing. I know I'll regret it tomorrow, but it is worth it. I will be back soon... VERY SOON!
Place is pretty cool with all the classic car decor.  Service and food great and prices also surprisingly low. Tip: If you order your burger Medium they will actually cook it medium rare to rare.(Was actually here 11/2013)
It's a beer and burger kind of place. We went on a Monday, service was slow, but our server was very nice and checked on us appropriately. I would go again. I like that they have beer flights and a nice beer selection. It's a cool place to meet up and just chill with friends.
Good eatin'!! Burger was great, good frys and good service plus to atmosphere was great!
Considering we are in SW Florida we've had pleasant experiences at Ford's.  We've had Wendy at the bar who is very pleasant, the food has been consistently good and they have happy hour every day. It's a fun atmosphere and reasonably priced.
Excellent food! Great service! Fun atmosphere! Family friendly but also nice for couples. Highly recommend.
Came to this place with my family, i must say its a nice spot to entertain family. We were greeted with smiling faces once we entered the building. the theme was great and the atmosphere was fully of positive energy. I decided to get the burger and fries. No complaints on my end about the food as it was good and hot. My only complaint was  it was a little bit pricey I didn't know places charge so much for extra condiments on burgers  geesh.Im not a drinker but i would say they had a great beer collection for those that need beer with their food.
Very enjoyable experience.  The place is a fun funky garage experience with a few subtle gags (visit the restroom and pay attention to the signage.). The hamburgers were great. Tried the Mac and pulled pork. Excellent.  Def recommend.  Try for sure.
DELICIOUS - doesn't disappoint.  Love the ice on the bar - you can set your drink/beer there an it will sit right on a thin layer of ice/snow - nice in the summer time especially.  Burger are awesome - along with fries.  Tuna steak burger very good if you like it RARE! Also good place to watch football during the season!
Absoultely grrrrrreat. The inside and outside seating is very cool. Love the antique look. The waitresses dress up in mechanic shirts which I thought was neat. rhe service was excellent. It would be nice if the apetizer selection was a little bigger but with the size of the entrees. I see why its how it is. I had one of these best burgers so far in all my burger stops. The fries were very good. You have three selections (regular, sweet potato or another selection that I forgot the name). The burger was so big that I didnt have room for desert. LoL. The craft beer selection is very nice as well. Great vibe, they had awesome music playing through the speakers while we were having lunch. Looks like a nice place to host events. Me being a DJ I might talk to the owner and see if they wanna have music on a certain night. Overall this place gets not 5 but 6 and 7 stars. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
The atmosphere is pretty neat.  Staff was nice. Food was just alright. Not bad in any way just nothing spectacular. My burger was pretty burnt on the bottom and didn't have much flavor. The barbecue sauce saved it. I would come back but try something different.
They're burgers aren't bad and the atmosphere is cool. Kinda pricey for what you get but oh well. Service is meh. Would go again though... If someone else was buying.
Very tough review to write! Once in awhile you get left for dead in a restaurant. It's much worse when you wait to wait and then have to ask hostess if you have a waitress! So it turns out the bat maid who was making faces when I looked over to see if she knew anyone was at table.After twenty minutes, the most perky waitress I've ever set my eyes on came to rescue the meal.  But damage was done before she got there. After half an hour to review food options, it's was a couple of burgers and truffle fries for appetizer. Truffle fries are fries fried in truffle oil and topped with parmesan cheese. They are really good and chipolte ketchup set them apart nicely.   The burger choices were chili and cheddar,  and black and blue. The chili and cheeses is very messy, but chili had nice flavor ..... could have used a bite too. The black and blue was good but again a little more flavor would be nice.  You can upgrade the side with meal to Mac&cheese for $1.50, abd you really should! It's not creamy cheeses sauce but good cheese taste. Maybe it a bad night, but if you don't hire people who care why have a place you serve people?
Great burgers and fun atmosphere. I love the car part décor. The bathrooms are even neat. This is a gem in Cape Coral. I will have to hit it on my trips down there. MUSHROOM SWISS was great. I should have probably saved half of it for later since it was so big. They have a great craft beer selection as well. Only reason I took off a star because I had to stare at FOX news on a big screen in front of me. Can we please put on something less polarizing? Sports would be better. Otherwise a fun atmosphere.
Highly recommended! Loved everything about this place. Great atmosphere, good selection of beer, and amazing food. We got the fried pickles, Model A burger and pulled pork mac and cheese. Loved every bite.
The atmosphere is spectacular.  Super fun from start to finish. Drive in and go over the 'ding ding' strip like the old gas stations used to have. The water staff is dressed like gas attendants. Even the napkins and napkin rings are fun. I don't generally review bathrooms . . . But YOU HAVE to make a stop in the potty. Super cute. The food was delicious too. I had a burger cooked to perfection with even fried pickles on it. Yum. My sister had a salad that she loved. Mac and cheese (with chicken) was had by the youngster at the table, and all of it disappeared. I'm guessing it was good, too. A MUST do while in town!
Great place for burgers. The selection of burgers is extensive and you have a choice of angus, Kobe, turkey etc. The fries are crisp and  are very good. Very extensive choice of beer as well. The decor is modeled after a 1920's garage and the theme is Henry Ford and Thomas Edison, both important members of the Ft. Myers community. Service was good. Every one I was with had burgers and they all enjoyed the perfectly cooked meat. Good size burger. I had the meatloaf with coleslaw and baked beans that was very good. We went a little after 9pm and avoided the usual 60 minute wait for a table.
Service-  I believe our waitress was Christie and she didn't seem interested in her job at all except getting chosen as a pinup girl for the Ford's Garage Calendar.  We were waiting for absurdly long amounts of time for refills, the bill and change.  This category does gain a point for the kitchen staff who provided quick food.  I would rate this category a 2 of 5 points. Atmosphere- The temperature was a little on the chilly side but the decor was absolutely wonderful!  Very nostalgic and historical; a great distraction to look at while waiting for your order (or refills, or ticket, or change....)  The management put a lot of time, effort and money with the decor.  They lose a point for the innappropriate rap music playing at a louder than normal level.  We had trouble hearing and being heard while ordering.  Very inconvenient.  I would rate this category as a 4 of 5 points. Food-  The food was great!  I had the All American burger and it was wonderful!  The hamburger was cooked perfectly to my request along with wonderfully fresh and tasty lettuce tomato and magnificently sweet onions!  The much hyped Truffle Fries fell way short of my expectations though.  I would rate this category as a 4 of 5 points. Portions-  The portions we received  were extremely generous.  The hamburger was easily twice the size of a normal burger and definitely required a leftover box.  My wife and I could have shared this one entree and left satisfied.  I would rate this category as a 5 of 5 points. Value-  I ordered the All American Burger lunch special.  It came with a wonderfully huge burger with all the trimmings as well as a generous portion of fries and a drink with unlimited refills for only $10!  I would rate this category as a 5 of 5 points. The overall score is a 20 and puts this rating at the high end of above average.  I would definitely recommend a return visit. Suggestions-  You could gain some points by ensuring the waitresses are aware that service is top priority and not whether they get chosen for the calendar.  I remember bad service more than I do a pretty face and, let's face it, I'm not interested in their modelling career.  You could have received a perfect score for atmosphere if the appropriate Ragtime or Swing music were playing at a lower level.  If you have to keep repeating yourself over the music, it's too loud.  One nitpicky suggestion; either leave the straws out of the drinks or leave a portion of the paper on the top of the straw.  Many people don't like other people's fingers handling their straw and some people, like me, don't use straws at all.  Best left to the customer to make the choice. Check out my other reviews for my scoring guidelines!
Extensive beer selection (especially micro-brew bottles) and a great build-a-burger menu. After moving from Southern California, I was happy to find a local spot that had a decent selection of brews. The burgers are good, not great. Better bun would help. All menu items I have tried, I would try again. The branded bun is cool, but it turns a already tasteless bun into a partially burnt tasteless bun. The food prices are reasonable as are the drink prices. After five trips, service is hit or miss depending on whose section you are in. On the busiest visit (45min wait) I had the best service I ever experienced anywhere, ever. The server was exceptional. On one visit, our server did not want to be there, and most of the time she wasn't. Overall, I recommend Ford's garage and will return here
Great beer selection... Really good burgers and other unhealthy fare.  If you're looking to load up on bar food & burgers then this is your place. Be prepared to wait (and wait and wait) for a table! Friendly wait staff & one extremely pleasant ;) hostess.
Great burgers. Great decor, creative and fun. ONLY complaint is noise. Loved it outside of that (the horn is obnoxious). Burgers were flavorful and beer selection was incredible. Would have stayed for a few more but it was just a bit much from a noise level.
Only came for drinks but we are glad we did! Happy hour special was a dollar off their draft beer list. Nikki was our bartender and she was very sweet. Only visiting but we would come back again!
Great burger place in Cape Coral.  Menu is Burgers ( beef, chicken, turkey, and some type of veggie).  They have their own creations plus at end of menu you can create your own.  Salad choices.  Different fries, truffle, sweet potato that comes with a maple beer sauce.  Lobster Mac and cheese.  Edsel's hot pretzels are the man's favorite hot app.  They have wings.  Fried pickles but I thought they were a bit mushy. Food was cooked perfectly to order.  No complaints.  Waitress on first visit was amazing decided to bring friends.  Bad waitress.  *sigh*. It happens.  We will still return for another try. Beer selection is outstanding!  They have a flight... 4 smaller glasses of draft, your choice, $9.99.  Good deal. Plus they have ciders including magners All in all a decent place in Cape Coral.
Very nicely decorated restaurant, great food and fair prices. The only downside was they were out of a couple beers and desserts we ordered.
This is a little gem in the middle of Cape Coral.  It has a large selection of craft beers on tap. Always a plus. The food was good too. I like when a place finds a theme and sticks with it. There are Model T's hanging from the ceiling. The door handles are old gas pump nozzles. The sink in the bathroom was made out of a tire. I loved it! I wasn't entirely hungry when we went, I think I would enjoyed even more with a big appetite. Next time I visit my Aunt and Uncle, I'm going to suggest this place again.
Get all 4 sliders Brittney is an top shelf server
I thought this place would end up being overrated...everyone talks about it, it's all over the local newspapers, and on weekend nights there is a long wait to get a table. I finally had a chance to go for lunch, and I saw that the hype exists for a reason. I was thoroughly impressed with the service, the decor, and of course, the food. The bartender was knowledgable about the food and the beer on tap. They were very respectful when receiving feedback on a draft beer that was past its prime (they tasted it and agreed), and the food was out fast. I loved the icy bar, the variety of beers on tap, and the menu. Ford's is popular for a reason. It really is good fun!
The good - - The atmosphere is great. It's neat to see all the garage tie ins. Like the tire & gas pump sink in the bathrooms. - They have about any beer you can think of. - The food is hot & fresh (when you finally get it) - A great selection of burgers are available. - The servers are eye candy (if that's your thing). The bad - - We arrived at 7:30pm on a Friday night. The wait was 30 minutes (which is okay). We sat down & waited for about 45 minutes to get 4 medium burgers. - Our server wasn't very friendly at all. She seemed like she didn't want to wait on us & was better than her server job. - We ordered the onion ring appetizer. We waited, & waited & waited. We finally asked the server & she said she forgot to put it in & asked if we wanted them put in now. She apologized but didn't seem genuine. - The burger was good, but has a lot of pink for a medium. Overall, it's a fun place to eat & the food is good. I think that for the price & taste, Red Robin is a little better.
The theme was very well carried out throughout the restaurant. My steak was DELICIOUS and everyone at my table enjoyed their food. Slightly overpriced, but that's the only complaint we have.
Fantastic burgers and appetizers. Very Cool bar. Atmosphere was gr8. But It's a high end burger joint, how they only have 2 $$ is beyond me. I give 4 $$$$ in my opinion.  There prices were a little on the expensive side for a burger. (You could go to "five guys and a fry". It'll b just as good) Unless your a burger fanatic. I'd just rather go somewhere else and get a T-bone steak for those prices. Though if never been there, it's definitely worth an experience,
Was here celebrating a friend's birthday.  The theming and atmosphere are really cool- especially for Cape Coral.  They have a good list of beers available, drafts and cans or bottles. We got pretzels and fries and both were good, not spectacular IMO.  Didn't get a full entree, but everyone at the table seemed to enjoy what they ordered. Wouldn't mind going back.
Ford's Garage is great.  The ambiance is cute and very theme appropriate.  The food is all delicious.  Both times I went I had the pulled pork mac & cheese and it was tasty.  I also sampled the lobster mac & cheese, it was also good.  We got an order of the pretzels for an appetizer.  The cheese dip was delicious and the pretzels were good.  All of the dishes were very large. For lunch, we sat outside and had a great experience, great service.  When we went for dinner we sat inside and the service was just as good.
I went online to check out the menu before venturing to the restaurant.  I would not want to go and order a burger named after our local politicians. With the controversy  that has surrounded many of them, I think other citizens might agree. You are very selective in your support of certain groups through your menu name choices. Perhaps this is payback when the former owner supported opposing candidates? Sorry, but I will take my business elsewhere and find a place that doesn't feel like a campaign headquarters.
What a fun place. If you Iike beer this is the place to go. Over 100 to choose from. Wings & lobster Mac & cheese is delicious.
Grease monkey lovers and motor heads will get a kick from the gimmicky decor. Smokers will love the outdoor bar! Two indoor bars and tables. We had a beer flight that was fun and sat on the frosted bar strip. Large menu choices for those who come for a fill up. We did pretzel sticks w hot jalepeno dip. Nicely done.
Try the sweet potato fries. Fantastic!
By far the best meal I had while in Cape Coral. I am a burger connoisseur and this was one of the best burgers I have ever had. The sweet potato fries were amazing and the dipping sauce they came in put then over the top. The macaroni and cheese side dish was delicious as well. The list of beers was overwhelming, I have never seen such a variety. The atmosphere was very loud but a lot of fun and even the bathrooms were themed. It was also affordable compared to other theme restaurants and bars in the area. My favorite place to go in Florida and I will definitely be back.
Fun place! Food was so good and priced well.  Decor is so cool here.  I could sit for hours just looking around.  Great variety in the menu.  I loved the beer tini's. We also had great service. Best food we have had in Cape Coral...
I am going to start with the negative. This place is more style than substance. This is only a minor hiccup as there is tons of style and clearly a lot of effort went into designing this locale. It would be a serious challenge for the food to match the decor and sadly it doesn't. The food here is good but there are better burger joints. Our service has been decent although there is often confusion over their Lunch special. The price of items seems to vary from very good to a bit expensive. At the end of a meal I wasn't shocked by the tab so I suppose it is pretty average for a place like this.Full bar and lots of beers to chose from as well. I probably would rather catch a burger at Five Guys or Fuddruckers but neither of these places match the decor of Ford's Garage. Great place to take visitors and certainly worth a trip for vacationers.
A fantastic burger place with good decor, service, food and beer. Can't wait to go back soon.
We've been here six or seven times!!! We love coming here as a family. There's nothing on this menu that is bad.. But the sweet potato fries  are so yummy, yummy,yummy!!! My husband loves it he can try sample different beers! I definitely would suggest the pulled pork macaroni and cheese!
It's OK. WE've been there twice. Decor is smashing, service very good, but the food isn't on par with the hype.
The Model A Burger, with Bacon and Egg was excellent.  Well cooked and the branded bun added a little extra flair.  Interesting decor and character and a great beer menu.  When we came in the menu had 180 beers and a bunch of Michigan craft beers from Bells and Cigar city.  Great place for a burger and a beer.
Ford's Garage in the Cape; I like it more than the downtown original.  Great food, atmosphere & service.  Try the sweet potato fries - they are terrific!
Good place to grab a meal. Family welcome. Right off of the bridge too. Nice decor and good food.
friday night, the place was packed. we had to wait maybe 15 mins, no biggie. liked the very consistent decor, right down to the restrooms. had a salat (very good) and onion rings (too much breading for my linking) as starters. mains were ford's signature burger (3 stars) and tuna burger (4 stars). incredible beer selection, both on tap and bottles. cocktails also good - asked for an old-fashioned, very decent. solid place, no surprises but for the beer.
Great addition for the Cape!  The burgers are great, and the menu has something for everybody. Even though its a burger joint, my favorite so far has been the pulled pork mac n cheese. It is absolutely delicious. The prices are reasonable in relation to quality. I'll definitely be back.
Recently moved to the Cape, and ate here for the first time. Make sure you get there before the "after work" rush, and within certain times during the weekends. For this place gets packed very quick, and you can see waits all the way up to 45 min to an hour depending on party size. All and all; service, food, and atmosphere were awesome, recommending to anyone and can see myself visiting Fords on a regular basis.
Best Bacon Cheeseburger and French Fries in the Cape!
This place went downhill in a hurry. Could have just been an off-night, but we had to send the wife's order back because it was wrong, then send the ticket back for the same reason. If you're looking for a staff that's too good to serve you, Ford's Cape is your place.
Food wasn't as great as everyone says. The design is nice but doesn't make the food taste good. A lot of other burger places with better food to choose from.
This is such a nice improvement for the sleepy town of Cape Coral!!   Two bars, that are Chilled, so the beer stays supper cold!! the "garage doors" are a classy touch, and make for fresh air flowing through easily...the choice of beers on tap is comparable to World of Beers....Yeah Fords is killing it there.  The Burgers, while super tasty, are rather large...I wouldn't mind them a little thinner.  Not to mention family friendly environment!  you will enjoy this location as much as their Fort Myers location.
Good place to eat with nice assortment of food choices. The beer list if huge so you will find something you like I'm sure. Love the theme of the whole place all the way down to the tire sinks in the bathroom. Family of 5 and we all found something we liked on the menu.
Best Burger in town with a setting that captures every detail!!!
Was awesome. Had to wait an enormous amount of time but the burger was worth it. We were sat at 5:30 and didn't get our drinks until 6:30. It was opening week and we had a party of 12 with 1 server and we all put our drink and food orders in at the same time, so the poor girl didnt have a chance. Good time though.
Have been there twice. The food is over priced and I thought the manager was a bit rude to customers. The decor Is very cool with the old trucks. Wait staff was good as well. Just thought the food was over priced for the quality and amount. Not likely to go again.
We went to celebrate Ford's 150th Celebration at the new Cape Coral location. It's a beautiful building, amazing decor, and it's always fairly busy - though we sat down right away. They were busy, but our server was awesome and very accommodating. The macaroni & cheese is half off on Tuesdays, so we tried the regular - really good! The burgers were HUGE but delicious and you can substitute your fries for coleslaw or broccoli - but know that the fries are awesome. Just a unique place with really yummy food!
As a place to go have a beer and be with friends, it's a good place.  Great beer selection, fun atmosphere, good service.  As a place to go for food, aaahhh, could do better.   Been here twice in about a month's time.  The food is only ok.  Comes out burnt or undercooked- over or under seasoned.  Won't be going back to eat, but might for a drink.
We had a nice evening and great burgers. The staff was very friendly and the bill was OK. I liked to taste the enormous number of beers on tab.
I went here right before the New Year (12/30/13) with my family and a few friends.  This place has tasty food and fits the theme perfectly. Service needs to be trained better but if you are in the southwest Florida area, go here.
Ford's has an awesome atmosphere.  While we waited for a table, we had a beer flight at the bar.  They have so many different beers to try! They were all tasty.  Ford's has such a unique vibe - we were happy to have made a stop and would definitely go back again.  The character of the restaurant is unique and creative.  The burgers and fries were de-lish.  Enjoy!
Amazing burgers, great atmosphere. Great place to have a night out. The beer selection is good.
A friend and I stopped for a drink at Fords Garage  when visiting the cape an enjoyed it so much we came back the next day for lunch ! We sat at the bar both times and had great service from the bartender Alec and barback Nick :) I love the classic car theme and all the neat details ( the bathroom sinks were tires?!) We will most definatly return !
A recent weekend to Cape Coral left me Wondering if they would have any cool places to eat... Gladly I drove by Ford's garage And decided to stop in with my girlfriend. This place is super cool. They really put thought into every part of the decor. The menu was extensive and creative. The fried pickles were top notch and the mac and cheese delish! I'm hoping they expand their franchise to the Fort Lauderdale area!
A friend recommended this burger joint and we were pleasantly surprised.  The place was fun all around with plenty of seating outdoors.  Indoor seating was also plentiful for those warm summer days.  The service was good but would rate it slow for a restaurant it's size based on the crowd that was eating.  The food was served hot and fresh and the waitress kept us updated  several times about the status of our meal.  The place is best known for its burgers and they did not disappoint.  I ordered the signature burger which was topped with bacon/cheese.  The fries were served in a small fry basket.  It was a mix of old and fresh fries as some were piping hot while some were cool.  Other family members ordered the select a slider and they looked and tasted great.  You could have three of the same or mix and match...neat idea!  Slider selection included hamburger, pulled pork, chicken and a Nathan hot dog!  This place had a couple of cool features from the ford truck flatbed table to the tire/gas nozzle sinks in the restrooms.  Staff was very friendly and helpful. A must visit if in the area.
Great beer selection! Excellent wagyu burger! Chicken sandwich was dry, sweet potato fries soggy. Onion rings a better choice. Service was good.
Lives up to the hype %100. Amazing burgers, Mac and cheese is phenomenal and the beer selection is the best I've found in the area. Best part is you can sample any draft beer before you get it. If you live here or are visiting the area you have got to try. A little pricey, but well worth it every time.
My wife and I went to Ford's Garage for the first time the other night.  We had a great experience.  We ate in the room with a large bar with small tables lining the perimeter of the room.  Great selection of beers!  We had the Turkey burger and the Southwestern Burger.  They were both excellent.  The service was excellent (Kristin).  Ford's instantly became one of our favorites spots in the Cape.  Can't wit to go back again soon!
Good burger, so-so service. They need to act their act together for football season! Btw I was there for about an hour and I heard 3 Guns N Roses songs, 2 Def Leppard & 2 Scorpions songs. It was like 1988 all over again.
great food fast service and wonderful decor.  this will be a must stop when we are in town again.  the tap beer selection was incredabke.
Great atmosphere and food!
Delicious! My entire family (ages 1 to 67) enjoyed it. For the record, they do take reservations unless it's a special event night.
Had the Great American Burger with fries . Our meal was great tasting. I do prefer a burger I can get in my mouth . Burger so large had to eat it with a knife and fork.
Had a mushroom Swiss burger.  Meat was done medium, as I asked. The mushrooms tasted freshly sautéed.  A little more Swiss would've been nice. The waitress was lovely and brought some samples of the many different craft beers.  Great lunch experience.  Love the old Model T's and the decorations. We go whenever in Cape Coral
first time visitors....arrived right at 5:45 on a week night and easily got a table for 8.  prices very reasonable nd sevice was great.  Thumbs up on the sweet potato fries with my burger.  Once tables filled up and people were waiting to be seated, felt rushed to give up the table....a little post dinner chit chat would have been nice.
Went today with my husband to the Cape Coral site. The food was good and the staff was courteous.  I was actually expecting our bill to be more expensive considering all the comments on here about the cost. However this restaurant is right on par with all of the other restaurants in the area (if not more reasonable). And if you are into cars, like my husband you will really like it. All of the little details make the "garage" feeling really cool.
What a fun space, where young couples, families with grandparents and children alike can all enjoy a creative atmosphere, friendly service and those big, juicy burgers you're craving. From beginning to end our experience here was fantastic. The service was prompt and friendly, the appetizers came out quickly and were delicious and fresh - I'd recommend the shrimp in a heartbeat. Their decor is fun and inventive with everything from tires for bathroom sinks to old Ford trucks for tables. I can't wait to go back again.
had lunch there today for the first time. all 4 of us really enjoyed our meal. the sliders were delish and the 26 beers on tap is nice! the service was great and the prices are reasonable. it can get really noisy in there during a rush, but the atmosphere is great and they really added a creative touch to the place: tires for sinks, gas pump handles to open doors, model cars hanging from the exposed beams, mechanic rags for napkins, and an outdoor table that is in the shape of a flat bed truck with wheels and flat screen TV on the back cab. this place is a keeper!!
So my aunt has a house in Cape Coral. Seeing the 4.5 star rating I assumed it must be good. Being from NY, my boyfriend and I are craft brew fanatics. Since there are a million different beer choices we thought it would be a good place. Upon reading the reviews, I asked my aunt if she had ever eaten here- as some reviews said food was okay/not good. She said she went there when it first opened and it sucked but maybe it's gotten better. We decided to give it a try anyway since there doesn't seem to be that many bars with a wide craft selection in the area. Well whether my aunt was right and it sucked when it first opened or not I will never know. But I do know that I am much harder to please than she is and I thought it was delicious. I got the rooster burger, my bf created an assembly line burger, and we split fried pickles. I did substitute my fries for onion rings for $2 up-charge. There was only 3 onion rings on my plate when my burger came. Normally I would say that it was a really small portion, but they were gigantic and I could only eat 2 anyway along with half my burger. If that portion size seems unsatisfying, stick with the regular fries. Everything was delicious and I told my aunt she had to come and try it again sometime!
