One of my favorite spots on the cape. I've been here several times, and each time has been great. From the food, to the mix of customers, it's just a fun place. The owners are awesome people. I've been remembered each time I've eaten here. They go out of their way to interact with you, and you can tell they really care about their place. They're not afraid to play around with the menu, which means you can always try something new! If you're a beer person, they've got a great mix. A rolling selection on draft, and some nice options in bottles. The place is small, and that's just fine with me. It's cozy and friendly, and there is always a good mix of people here. Somehow, everyone just seems to feel welcome. Worth a stop.
My brother and his girlfriend hate Cape Coral, but say that this is the only place they'd miss if they ever had to leave the area. I came for 4th of July weekend to visit, and they took us here. It's tiny, and has a very small parking lot. Inside, it's got games to play and collages decorated on all of the table and bar surfaces. They have a good selection of beer, and root beer. We ordered the garlic knots and a large bacon pizza. It was inexpensive for four people, including beers, and tasted great. I noticed they're open until 2am. I have yet to see any other business in Cape Coral stay open that late, so kudos to them.
From the minute you walk in the door, you notice a very chill atmosphere. I felt really comfortable being there for my first time. My friend and I were immediately greeted by the bartender/owner, and he gave us a rundown of all the different beers and food they had (they also had an extensive wine selection, but I didn't get into that.) If you have any questions about a beer, the staff is VERY knowledgable about each individual beer they sell. All the food is made fresh in-house. Get the mozzarella sticks; hands down the best I've ever had. Also as the name implies, they make a mean pizza. I noticed they even have a few vegan options. Overall, not a bad place at all. Friendly, great prices and products, and open late (my favorite part!) Definitely worth checking out for the first time; I know I will be returning!!!
The best pizza in lee county. Greg is always getting new and awesome beers. The rest of the food is top notch not one single complaint. They also have new special appetizers and desserts on the weekends also. My only gripe is kinda wish it was bigger so more people could share this amazing place. Oh and don't bring your kids and complain that it's not kid friendly it's not supposed to be its a bar. Use your brain.
This place is great. The garlic knots are the best I've ever had. The fried Oreos are the only desert ill eat, like ever, dessert sucks! but these things are awesome. The whole style of the place is real interesting as well.
OMG this place is soooo good!! The pizzas, the beer selection, and the deep-fried pickles all made my mouth so happy. And the vibe is on point too...the music, the decor, the post-it notes in the bathroom...and our waiter Kristen was a sweetheart. Love this place!
This pizza place is so fantastic that my husband and I would drive from Tampa to Ft. Myers just to have it. You must get their garlic knots!!!
I had the margherita pizza here, which was actually very good but the quality of the food was completely overshadowed by the poor attitude by the bartender (who I was told is one of the owners?!), lack of service we received and the dirty dining room and restroom. The few tables inside were either taken or dirty when I walked in, so I asked the busboy if I could grab a table outside since no one else greeted me. He said yes, came out and cleaned the table and said my server would be right out. I sat outside for a solid 10 minutes, completely unacknowledged, while able to see through the windows and watch the bartender/owner schmoozing with the 5 people sitting at the bar. Ended up going inside and sitting at the bar after 10 minutes of being ignored, and received no apology for not being greeted. I'm hungry and mad and ready to get out of there at this point, but my friend and I decided to stay and split a pizza anyway. We shared the small margherita and it was the perfect size for two. After ordering we didn't get much further interaction from the bartender/owner, who continued to schmooze with what I gathered to be the regulars sitting at the bar. Had to call for her attention to get refills and the check. I would get takeout from here in the future but will never return as a dine in guest. P.S. Just because you have a sign on the door that says "if you are impatient or cranky go to McDonald's across the street!" doesn't give you the right to be an asshole to new customers.
We ordered a Margarita Pizza for take out.  Crust was incredible, cheese was loaded, skimpy amount of tomatoes very little basil (actually, I could not see any, it may have been dry)  It was basically a fantastic "cheese pizza". My partner ordered the deep fried Oreo's and said they were "to die for"!
I was in town from Orlando this weekend, and every time we are here we struggle with where to eat because, as many may know, the delish eating options in the area are exceptionally limited. I went on Yelp and saw this place had stellar reviews so, we ordered their pizza bianca, America pizza and garlic knots. Have to say, the knots were incredible... generous amounts of garlic chunks, butter and parm cheese on a good dough. These were easily the best knots that we have ever had! The pizza was solid as well, thanks to quality dough and ingredients. Next time though, we will either eat in or go in for beers then order and carry out. We have ordered for pickup and by the time we got home, the pizza wasn't warm any longer (probably our fault). Will definitely be back!
Really yummy pizza and the male server/greeter/bartender was suuuuuuuper friendly and just nice to be served by! The female waitress who brought us our food was not as nice but could have been having a bad day. Fun atmosphere (cool to have a "hipster-y" place in the cape) and good food. I will definitely go back!
The food was excellent. I had a margherita pizza, my girlfriend had a truffle shuffle and got hers with vegan cheese. Both were very, very good. We also had an order of french fries, which were awesome. Batter-dipped, and very tasty. We weren't drinking, but their beer list looks good, and was priced very fairly. It's a small joint, only 5 or 6 tables plus a bar. It's not a tourist-back-from-the-beach type place, and it's not a rent-a-clown-for-a-birthday-party place. Young people running the place, indie-rock on the stereo, posters and flyers on the walls. It's an atmosphere you don't find a lot of in SWFL and I'll definitely be back.
Just great pizza! Reminds me of all the local great pizza joints of my youth in New York & New England. Forget about all the chain junk. This is the real deal at affordable prices. Only word of caution is that this is a very small local bar and seating is limited. Nice folks but I'm not sure I would take grandkids for dine in. REAL HAPPY we found this place.
Great pizza, great beer selection (drafts and bottles), good wings and salads, friendly young owner / operators, funky beat-up homemade atmosphere, no TVs, good indie music not too loud - I love this little place.  I'm 60 but most of the clientele are younger. It is small, maybe 8 or 10 seats at the bar, half a dozen tables, mostly 2-tops, and a couple tables outside essentially in the parking lot.
This place is awesome! The staff really loves beer and will recommend a beer for your taste, and the food!! Soooo delicious.. The garlic knots are to die for and the wings too!! Every time were go there is always a different or new beer to try. Glad there is finally a place like this in the cape. The ONLY reason i give this place a 4 is it is soooo small :/ doesn't stop me from coming but they should def expand! Especially with their growing business! Congrats guys!
This was a radical change from other bar/restaurants I've visited in the area. The bar top has been modge-podged with beautiful almost nude women (they've been censored with flowers!) I loved it! There were good tunes, and friendly service. The space itself is that of a typical sized bar with approximately ten 2-4 top tables, as well as a couple outdoor tables. There was actual beer here! I was so surprised to find something other than your typical domestic brews that I forgot what i enjoy drinking! No worries, there was plenty to choose from and I decided on an abita wheat beer. as for food, I went with a hummus plate and pepperoni pizza. the hummus plate definitely serves more than one person! the hummus, topped with a red and green pepper jam, was a nice twist. It was sweet, but not overly so. the pizza: the crust was really the best part of the pizza. the other ingredients weren't particularly one thing or another. on a second trip, i'd get a white pizza, or an EVOO based pizza for sure. pizza is such a subjective food. i will not dock any stars, i'll just try a different pizza. In an area with little to no worthwhile restaurants, this is a MUST eat at, drink at establishment!.
We tried Nice Guys on a busy Friday night around 8:00 pm.  Probably not the best time to bring your kids out to eat at a bar.  So my bad.  Seating is very limited but I did notice alot of people were ordering pizza and picking it up at the bar. Personally, I love the atmosphere.  It was dimly lit with good music playing.  If I had a bar, it would closely resemble this one. Awesome beer and wine selection.  A good selection of craft beers.   The pizza was very good and tasted like it was made from fresh ingredients.  The garlic knots were awesome an addictive. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because, though I'm sure they're not know for them, the chicken fingers weren't great.  They looked like chicken fingers you would get out of the Walmart freezer.   Call me picky, but I think to get 5 stars, everything on the menu must be outstanding, or take it off your menu. The service was good considering how busy it was and the folks working there were very friendly and helpful. I will definetly be back, sans the kids, because I really enjoyed Nice Guys.
The owner, Greg, was a super nice guy and my BF and I felt like we'd known him forever when we left. The pizza was really good and fried Oreos were heavenly. They also have great craft beer choices. We probably could have shared a small pizza, but went home with lunch for the next day. I hope they do well, I don't want to see them go. My BF has a condo in Cape Coral and we plan to visit Nice Guys Pizza every time we come down.
Nice Guys is a great little bar/restaurant here in the Cape.  Great selection of craft beers, decent wine and really good food. I love the roast beef and chicken parm sandwiches and the fried oreos are evil.   Greg is a great host and appreciates the valu of food service and treating his customers right!
This place is cool! We pulled up and were very on edge about entering but I'm so glad we did. It is a real laid back hippie joint. Check out the bathroom when you go! Pizza was delish and very reasonably priced. Great beer selection.
Amazing food and service, I've never left once disappointed. Only when there's no seats at the bar because there's so many people. But it's a good sign to see a small place doing fantastic!
We hadn't had pizza for a couple of weeks, so my wife found this one on Yelp!  First impression was that we should not go in--it's a tacky storefront and really small.  But because of all the 5-star reviews, we decided to brave it now that we were there.  There are 27 seats in the place--including the 12 or so seats at the bar.  Moderate draft beer selection on the blackboard, and just about everything you can imagine in a bottle or a can.  As we walked in, the heavily tattooed and long braided pigtailed bartender Jamie greeted us, and said to sit anywhere except the first table because she hadn't wiped that one down yet.  Turned out that Jamie was almost a one-woman show all night.  We didn't get there until 9:00, and it seemed that the dinner crowd help was leaving about the time we arrived, and she shared bartender duties with a bearded partner but took care of the serving all herself.  Jamie is a good example of not judging a book by its cover:  she was very friendly, warm, attentive and we enjoyed chatting with her when she had a moment, which she made time for in spite of being a solo most of the night.  She took very good care of us and everyone in the small place.  We ordered draft Hoegaartens, a familiar favorite white wheat brew.  The pizza lived up to its reputation:  we ordered the medium American, which included pepperoni, sausage, ham, black olives, onion, creminis (mushrooms--I had to look it up too ;-) and green peppers, and it was delicious and filling--we brought two slices home for lunch the next day.  We also saw a Stiegl grapefruit beer on the menu--in fact, it just said "grapefruit beer" and Jamie did not know the brand name, but it turned out to be refreshing and delicious, and both of us ordered one, although my wife went back to our original Hoegaartens to wash down her last piece of pizza.  Altogether a really fun night--the crowd was sitting around eating pizza, drinking beer and playing board games from Mancala to Connect Four, and there were lots of quirky things on the walls to look at and read.  My wife visited the rest room and said the walls wer covered in sticky notes!  Very much an individual kind of place that you probably would not frequent otherwise, but that everyone should experience at least once in their lives.  Good choice for pizza and beer.  Kitchen open until 1:30 a.m.!
Love it! Great pizza, wings and beer! Owner Greg was ver friendly. Atmosphere is Eclectic. Love the burlesque photos inlaid in the bar. You can even leave your own post it note in the bathroom!!
In the sense that it serves a really good pizza and has the name Nice Guy's Pizza, this is a pizza joint.   But it isn't.  Not really.  It's a bar that serves great food.  Great food.  All kinds of food.  Exciting food.  The people are friendly, the beer is cold and the atmosphere relaxed.  There is a tinge of a punk ethos in the air.  You should go.  It reminds me of Yabo back when it was just a hole in the wall secret.   GO.
Nice Guys is my absolute favorite hang out in the Cape. The atmosphere is perfect for a date or meeting up with a friend for a drink. There are no TVs, which is awesome, and the music is the best around. The pizza is good but I DREAM about the garlic knots. The owners are super nice and make the experience that much better. The beer selection is interesting, and the bartenders are knowledgeable and helpful when this non-beer girl wants to try something new.
I can't say enough good this about this place. The pizza was fantastic, the wings as good and terrific craft beer selection. As well, the owner was very friendly and even help hook my sons and I up with things to do while on vacation. Try it out!
I went for the first time today and I am so glad I did. Tried the American pizza, garlic knots, and deep fried Oreos. It was all delicious. Great service, food, and atmosphere. Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu. :-)
best pizza place in the area hands down.
Phenomenal service selection and quality...not to mention atmosphere.  Strongly recommend you visit when in town!
Wow what a great pizza place.  Pizza is great, and a good beer selection.    Staff is friendly, with music that would make anyone in their early 30s that had a fairly good knowledge of indie music would really cause them to have fond memories of their 20s.   Glad this place opened in Cape Coral.   Great good, great price, and great atmosphere.
Ok so, full disclosure, I'm a regular here. I love this place. It's easily the best pizza in the area. Jovi and Greg who own the place are behind the bar every night, and they treat everyone that comes in like a friend. I used to have this place rated four stars because they didn't have beer and wine. That has changed. Craft beer, craft beer everywhere. The only mainstream brew they carry is bud light cans. It's a perfect restaurant if you want to have a good time in a laid back atmosphere with great music. Try it and you'll want to come back.
Great food and really nice people!
I have to admit I was not expecting much. I hear  over and over how each pizza place is as good as New York Pizza and I am always disappointed. While we have yet to dine in here, we get takeout about once a week from this place now as we LOVE the pizza! Margherita is my favorite but we love the cheese, meatball and other flavors we have tried. Salads are awesome as well with homemade dressings, and save room for dessert! This place is always trying new things and so far we have enjoyed every single bite!  For the first time in 20 years I happily head SOUTH for pizza!
You will not meet any restaurant owners who care more about their customers and the food they serve. Best pizza in town. Great selection of craft beer. Awesome place just to hang out and relax.
A colleague and I visit the Ft. Myers area for business on a regular basis and we often stay with friends in Cape Coral.  Nice Guys has become our go-to hang-out and dinner spot.  They have wonderful food-try the garlic knots and roast beef with the zesty sauce, in particular.  We've had the truffle pizza, cheese sticks, and chicken fingers, too--all amazing.  Made to order, flavorful, and unique--what more could you ask for?  Greg and Jovenah have always been incredibly accommodating and helpful, not to mention they're a lot of fun to hang out with.  Prices are reasonable, and the draft beer and cider choices are incredible, especially for a place of its size.  Oh, and their dessert is great, too!  Try the fried oreos.  Anyway, stop reading this and go eat there!
Called in for a pick up. American was what was recommended. Great pie. Will be back.
