Being here: First time eating here. Upon walking inside it looked like they just opened on account they had little amount of tables and a lot of walking space. With that being said its not like there's no where to sit there is, you can bring a party of people and have room. There's also no art on the walls, it's very dull inside. The customer service was good, not anything to brag about but also nothing to complain about. I'd say just perfect. The music was weird, it wasn't anything related to the story it was sort of whacky music, weird chicks singing about raining cats and dogs, another song some lady seemed sad about life... Just not normal music you hear at restaurants. Made for a conversation at least. Food: Didn't know what to order, kind of just picked a dish that I didn't know what to expect out of it and let me tell you it was amazing! It was garlic rice and garlic pork pieces that almost tasted fried but they weren't. They had a nice crunch to it. The dish came with this badass vinaigrette that was spicy which I poured over the rice and pork. Also came with a side of lettuce and cucumber and another side of carrots and something else of yummy which was sweet(:  When getting fountain drinks I was thrilled to see Fanta Ginger Ale! You don't usually ever see that when getting at drink at restaurants. Didn't notice the time, guess we kept them 20 min after close. Though they were cleaning up the store anyway no one seemed to have minded they were very kind about it kept saying have a great night. They do close early.. 8pm on a Thursday.
What the pho? On my last trip here, things have changed. The menu has changed, and how things are done have changed. It's now more like counter-service. Order at the counter and they'll bring it to you. To order, you have to share a tablet with the hostess. That's... interesting. Also: No more braised pork. Something similar in its place. Similar, but no where near as good. I got several chunks of fat in mine. There are no condiments or sauces at the table. They're on a shelf opposite the drink machines, which are also self-serve. I hope the sauces were self-serve, because I self-served. No other reason for them to be there I guess. Counter service, self-service, a menu change, and the cheapest chop sticks I've ever seen. It appears that someone is really trying to cut corners and save money. These aren't welcome changes for me, and unless something happens, I may not even go back. Phok!
This was my first time here and I ordered the beef brisket pho combo with a coconut milk boba tea. Service was quick and extremely helpful and friendly when ordering. They even gave us samples of their garlic rice. I enjoyed my meal very much. This is the only place that makes it acceptable to have soup in 95 degree Florida heat. The soup was very flavorful and very filling!
Well, They have streamlined the order process it more fast food. A bit pricey but still great food.
Had the Pho and house special rolls.  Rolls are unique and among the best I have had.  Pho prices were high and and veg quality (especially basil) was below big city peers.  That said it is the best I have found in greater Fort Myers so far (have tried 2 others).  Beef (flank steak) hit the mark, but came apart too quickly--was likely frozen for a while.  Ambiance and service make you feel like they are trying to cut a lot of corners (chop sticks are comically small even by Asian standards) and this does not jive with the high prices. Will keep looking for a my regular pho place in Fort Myers.  Will be back only if others are worse, but reluctantly.
I have to admit that I have no other Vietnamese food experience to compare Pho Vinh with.  We dined here today and were pleasantly surprised! The staff were very friendly and helpful. The menu offers an assortment of spring rolls, egg rolls, build your own soup and noodle/rice entrees with all sorts of add ons. Being our first time, I asked the hostess what she recommended.  We had the chicken spring rolls that comes with a Thai peanut sauce, pho noodle soup which was perfect for the rainy day we were having and the pop pork entree with spicy garlic over noodles (my favorite). The place was very clean, and reasonably priced. I will definitely be back.
If you're Vietnamese and you've had REAL pho, this will be the strangest place ever. I'll admit that they're unique, and maybe that'll draw people. They don't have most of the normal ingredients like beef meat balls, tendons, etc. They do have beef brisket though. We ordered the egg rolls which were disgusting. Quick service, but the flavor and ingredients were not there. Plus they're tiny. "Boba" (strawberry and mango) is pretty much fruit juice and tapioca balls.
We recently visited for a weekend lunch and weren't nearly as impressed as in the past.  First, they've changed the "system" so instead of table service you order at the counter and then your meal is delivered to your table.  That's not the end of the world, but after they expanded into the neighboring storefront last year we were expecting them to ramp the service upwards, not downwards.  There is so much empty space they could have just stayed in one side. The young woman at the counter was friendly and helpful with descriptions (because the menu has also changed, but it has definitely NOT expanded as suggested in my previous update).  But as she handed us 2 Styrofoam cups we realized just how much "self-service" was involved.  You get your own drinks, flatware, napkins, condiments ... and place a number sign at your table to await your meal.  It's just weird.   We tried the garlic chicken wings and they were very bland - the best adjective to describe them was "sticky" as they just really didn't  taste like much but they sure made a mess of your hands.  But what really disappointed us was the quality of the pho.  It just wasn't up to par and frankly I've made better tasting pho at home.  The broth was so weak that it was almost like a plain chicken soup broth - hardly any hint of all the yummy spices that make pho so unique.  The portion of beef within seemed smaller than in previous visits but the noodles were plentiful and well cooked.  We added in the optional bean sprouts and basil, but the whole thing was seriously underwhelming.  Even a healthy dose of Sriracha didn't perk it up but rather resulted in a plain-tasting chicken broth with a healthy dose of Sriracha. We were sad after looking forward to pho at Pho Vinh all week.  Not sure what's happened here - perhaps a change in ownership or kitchen staff - but we won't be in a hurry to rush back and will be on the lookout for another place to get our pho fix.  Too bad :(
My memory is hazy. I just finished camping in scorching 100 degree Florida summer weather and haven't had a real meal for days. My eyes were blurry. Fiancé and I decided we needed pho, stat. Enter Pho Vinh. In a little mall plaza, this place was our savior and provided much needed comfort. The interior is small, but intimate. The lighting is dark. It was actually much appreciated after all the sunlight we were exposed to during the treacherous August camping at Cayo Costa. Their menu features only a few items: noodle soup, of course, being at the center of it all (they also have spring rolls). You can "build your own pho" and choose what veggies you want in your broth or choose from a more standard pre-selected option. I chose the pork pho. All I can remember is that it was phenomenal. That comfortable broth, the well-seasoned pork and the huuuuge bowl, which left me stuffed and satisfied. Thank God for comfort soup!
One words sums this place up: YUM. I've had pho in Boston and New York City, and I thought Pho Vinh's was up there with some of the best! I ordered a $10 special-- a small bowl of pho with Angus steak and mushrooms that came with a drink and an eggroll. Very tasty and filling. My friend had the pork and noodles which she said were good. Clean establishment with friendly service. I'll definitely go back!
First time here, ordered to pho for lunch, to go.  Service was quick and efficient.  Pho was the best I have had in awhile, greAt broth with excellent flavor, very fresh.  Atmosphere is very casual and modern.  Orders processed on a tablet.   I will be back.
Pretty good Vietnamese food for an area extremely lacking in decent ethnic food. Pho Vinh is a cute little cafe type spot with very reasonably priced food. I've tried a couple apps - spring rolls with shrimp and fried egg rolls with pork. I definitely liked the egg rolls better, but to be honest I've never been a huge fan of spring rolls so take that with a grain of salt. The pho is surprisingly good. I had the braised pork and with a few splashes of Sriacha and liked it very much. I also tried the steak pho which was tasty as well. On my next visit I'd like to try PV's curry.
The place is clean with friendly staff. The problem doesn't really lie there. It's the pho in itself, it's not bad but it's very very far from the best. I've gone to twenty different places in Los Angeles with better pho. Also, it was the first time that I noticed that the meat was being charged for separately. $7.00 pho +$3.00 meat. It's really odd. We also ordered boba, it was 3.75 so I imaged it be a large. No it was small with no slush and very unsatisfying tea flavor. It's upsetting that the only pho in the cape is not a place I would take my visiting family or friends that are huge pho lovers. I almost forgot we paid $4.00 for two spring rolls. Now I understand why the place says please do not tip. Come on, you've already tipped plenty.
Real cool place. Order at the front counter and they bring your delicious pho. I got the regular pho. Added all the spices and jalapenos. It came out great. My wife opted to leave out the jalapenos,  and add lemons. Unacceptable.  But she said it was good. Had the mango bubble tea as well, which was kinda pricey at 4 dollars. The entire meal was around 27 bones, which is kinda high for lunch. But the quality was very high.
We were visiting from Boston and went to this place based on the yelp reviews and have to say it held up! Excellent pho, and the green Vietnamese curry was also amazing. Clean restaurant, nice service. We went for lunch and it was reasonably priced. We will definitely go back next time we are in town.
BETTER THAN EVER What a great place. They seem to be achieving well deserved success and they are in the process of expanding and improving the interior. AND the owner promises to have Vietnamese Sandwiches (!) when the addition is complete December 2, 2010.  I, for one, can't wait because I love them. I think the only place in Lee County that presently has them is the Paris Saigon Bistro next to Bell Tower Shops. For lunch we started with Shrimp Spring Rolls, followed with specials called Central Kick & Curry Craving with pork. Everything was excellent & I have attached pictures of this lovely food. Cheers & enjoy...
Thank heavens! Finally a great, authentic noodle shop close to my house. I swear, if this restaurant was in Tampa we would still drive it just to get our hands on those sweet noodles. My entire family (kids and all) are addicted. This place has great PHO and other noodle dishes. The best since we lived in San Francisco. If you're new, here's the basics: 1. Order PHO (Noodle soup). Get #3 if you are not sure about the others. 2. When they bring it, drop some fresh mint leaves, sprouts, and other goodness in it. Hot sauce to taste. 3. Stir the whole thing up and then dig in. Highly recommended!
This is about as good as it gets in Cape Coral. I actually started a new obsession of spring rolls off of this place. Its well priced. You can get a drink, soup, spring roll in and out for about 20 with tip. Highly suggest the Tofu there too. It is Very Gluten Free Friendly :).
Are you kidding me? It was a Saturday and I was on my way to do the regular soup, salad, and breadsticks at OG. I passed Pho Vinh and remembered I always wanted to try it. I walked in and told the hostess that I had no idea what to order. She not only explained everything but the food was outstanding. Talk about flavor...Oh my goodness. This place is like a symphony to your mouth. Try it. You'll love it!
We have enjoyed Pho Vinh for the past couple years.  The Pho soup is the best I have ever had. I like the versions with vegetables the best. The service is good the atmosphere is pretty plain.  Just last night I had the curry soup for the first time.  It was excellent.  This should be high on anyone's restaurant list in Cape Coral!
Absolutely fantastic. If you are new to the area, try this place out. You will not be disappointed! I eat here frequently. Some of my favorites are the Beef Pho, Fresh Shrimp Spring Rolls, and the Braised Pork. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very cafe style, but it looks like they are expanding and remodeling the dining room. Staff is always friendly and very accommodating to the Vietnamese cuisine newcomers. If you are unsure of what to get, just ask them!
So happy when I found this restaurant in the Cape. The menu is limited, but the pho is flavorful and good. My only complaint is that you never know what to expect when you walk in. Over the years the food has stayed consistent, but the menu seems to change monthly so every time I return I have to study the offerings. Thankfully the braised pork has remained on the menu but I miss some of the other offerings. The latest change is from sit down service to counter service.... Somehow not the same. If this was a metropolitan city--with people walking by and rushing back to work I would get it-- but this is SW Florida and people are usually not in a rush. Check it out though. Excellent food.!
Considering that there aren't too many Vietnamese restaurants in this area,  we were anxious to try out this place. We love Pho and try them everywhere we visit.  Since the name of this place is Pho Vinh,  we assumed that they specialize in Pho.  When we opened the menu,  we were surprised to see such few selections for the soup.  No Pho specials with combinations of beef, tripe and beef balls as we're accustomed to. Instead they offered chicken,  shrimp or pork (?) as sides.   The Pho itself was good,  decent flavor.  The spring rolls were decent too but only come with either pork or shrimp,  not both as we're used too.   All in all,  it was not bad.  As the server said,  the reason they don't offer as many selections is because they cater to their customers. That's fine,  but then maybe they should consider changing their name so as to not mislead those of us who enjoy authentic Pho.
It's ok if you only want pho, very few selections.  It's waste time to drove from Ft Meyer to there. I wish they have more choice. It's like a Chinese restaurant sell fry rice only.
Great atmosphere place. Reminiscent of something you might find in NY/NJ. Soup is ok but kind of bland. Not a fan of their spring rolls.
Their curry with chicken is absolutely fantastic. The coconut base definitely adds to the flavor and is extremely reasonably priced as well.
Really good pho and spring rolls.  Looking forward to returning. Prices were excellent. Choice of salads spring or egg rolls  and pho(soup).  It would be nice to have an expanded menu.
Popped in for lunch with my boyfriend and his mom to have her try something different. Since we are fans of Pho we wanted to share the experience with her; she enjoyed every bite! We had the pork spring rolls; fresh herbs, warm pork and the peanut sauce was great...mix with the hot chili sauce for an extra kick! We all had the chicken pho and it was exceptional! Busy at lunch time but both dining rooms were clean as were the restrooms and the staff was friendly and helpful. This will be a return lunch place for us when we are in the area.
Really good stuff!
Excellent noodle restaurant! I have had Pho in just about every town I've visited and this place ranks among the best. The braised pork rolls are amazing and the food is fresh and delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. Don't miss this place for great food at a great price.
Finally! Vietnamese food on the Cape! The pho was delicious, and I was really impressed with their to-go packaging!! The piping hot broth came in a separate container from the noodles and vegetables, which came in a great lidded bowl. Just pour the broth over, stir in your sauces (which also came in containers) and enjoy!! Genius! The Boba milk tea was only fair, but I will definitely return for the pho!!
I went here with a friend a while ago having really no idea what the menu was. We both got the Braised Pork with noodles. They give you a good portion of noodles and it was very good. I'm looking forward to trying the Pho next time.
I am a fan of Pho. This is a delicate Soup with a flavorful finish. My Favorite is the Shrimp and the Pork Pho. The Spring Rolls are very good also.
I tried the Pho for the first time and it was delish. I have nothing to compare it to, but will definitely be going back. I got the chicken spring rolls and was slightly disappointed, they were wrapped in a translucent rice paper that was soft, not crispy, the peanut sauce was yummy, but there wasn't really much flavor to the actual spring roll itself. A friend got the braised pork and that had a really good flavor to it. Next time I go, I'll be trying the stir fry. Overall, I was pleased with the food and cleanliness of the restaurant.
Best mom & pop noodle soup restaurant down south. Their pho is simple, light and taste absolutely amazing. They take out all the fluff and fat unlike traditional vietnamese restaurants who keeps all the fatty unhealthy stuff and serve them to their customers. Everything on the restaurants menu is delicious and I highly recommend you try everything when you get a chance (i.e. The Great Roll). If you want to try off the menu items I suggest you come during their slow times and ask them what they've been experimenting on. I've eaten some of the best tasting dishes during their experimental times.
Stop by here and you will NOT be disappointed. If you have tried any of the restaurants in my reviews you know I am dead on with restaurant's taste and service. The chef here cooks up some awesome food and their waiters are extremely friendly. Since the restaurant is called Pho Vinh, I had to give a bowl of Pho a try. The Pho tasted JUST like home cooking. It was not oily, just enough Pho flavor, and came out at the right temperature to enjoy it. You can also pick all the ingredients you want in it. You can't beat that!!! I'll be back to try their non-Pho items. I already know that the other Vietnamese dishes are going to be tasty just by eating their Pho.
Having recently moved from California where they have all kinds of ethnic goodness, I was afraid that my days of having good Pho were behind me.  Especially when I saw that there was only one Pho place in Cape Coral. My fears were completely unwarranted.  This place is amazing, and almost on par with what we had out in California.  The soup broth is just as salty, tasty, and delicious as any that we had in California.  The menu here is a little more on the safe side, meaning that you won't be getting any tendon or tripe in your soup (not that I did that anyway, but my boyfriend is a fan).  You can also get add-in veggies that I've never had in a pho place before.  Cabbage, mushrooms, yellow squash, zucchini, to name a few.  We actually got a chance to visit with the owner while we were there our first time, and he said that they had to tame down the menu a bit to appeal a bit more to the clientele...meaning, the retired sect of white America...not his words, mine.  I love having the beef pho with mushrooms, and that's what I get every time.  If the mushrooms are allowed to sit in the broth long enough, they get nice and soft and very flavorful.   We've had the spring rolls and the egg rolls and they're all right...nothing too fabulous.  I like the spring rolls better than the egg rolls.  Other than that, I haven't had anything else here.  They have salads and stir fries, but the pho is so good that I just don't feel the need to try anything else.   I really like that with each visit to this place, we've always seen the manager, and he always makes a point to stop at every table to visit for a bit.  It's such a nice gesture and I really appreciate it.
Very good Pho! Stir fry too. Menu is limited but very good. Staff are really nice folks offered great suggestions!
We've only done take out, but the food has been very solid so far.  It is always nice to see variety on the restaurant scene and there are very few (if any) Vietnamese places in Cape Coral.  And we are lucky because this one is well above average.  If you have not tried Vietnamese food, this is a great place to try it out.  There are many healthy options and you can add flavor and spices as you like.
I have always loved Pho noodle soup ever since I was in NYC. This Pho place has the exact same broth that I've had in NY but their price is a bit higher. I hope that they will have the same kind of meat that I used to have like beef tendon and flanks. It will be much better if there are more choice on the menu for us. and the Boba tea is amazing and they sure know how to make the authentic Bubble tea. thumbs up for that
Bubble tea!!! We have been searching for bubble tea all over SW Florida, and Pho Vinh has finally delivered!  The staff is really friendly, and to top it off the food was great.  We tried the pho and a noodle salad, and both were excellent.  we'll definitely be going back for more.
Had lunch there today.  The pho is great and I will be back
Still amazingly delicious. It is one of my favorite places in the cape to eat. :D
I love the soup and the ingredients are so fresh.
Recently moved from Las Vegas where there are more 5 star restaurants now than NYC, and many more ethnic choices than you find here in the Cape Coral or Ft. Myers area.  Was looking for Asian cuisine and found Pho Vinh on Yelp.  Dined here twice so far.  The location was easy to find on Del Prado (just off P.I. Rd).  The parking was adequate.  The interior was pleasant, casual, understated and clean.  All employees we encountered were friendly and helpful.  We've had the chicken and broccoli pho twice.  It was consistent in taste and appearance.  I'm not a fan of star anise or clove, but their usage is just mild enough not to put me off, and I enjoyed the pho in spite of them.  Liked the spring rolls and egg rolls, including the peanut dipping sauce and their house vinegar-based sauce.  You seat yourself here, order at the counter, receive a number, and they deliver your order to your table.  Drinks are included in the price of your meal and you get your own from a drink bar.  The menu asks that you NOT tip.  We will definitely return.
Pho was excellent - clean and flavorful.  Spring rolls were refreshing though it could use a few more shrimps.  It's on par with the Vietnamese restaurants in San Francisco.
Yay, love the shrimp summer rolls. I put a little extra Hoisin sauce in peanut sauce.. oh yeah...
Well done, tasty Pho and Bun. Friendly staff. Smaller portions are available. Looks like they are expanding. Cape Coral knows when they have a good thing.
Awesome Pho!! Great customer service and food. I went for lunch with my boyfriend. We both had the chicken Pho, we will definitely go back!
Went for lunch and although they were doing renovations,(making the dining area bigger) the service was friendly and quick.  I ordered the grilled pork and egg rolls noodle salad. It tasted fantastic, had plenty of meat and a couple of rolls. I had a taro boba tea which was good but a little to warm. I gave them four stars because I hoped they would also serve veitnamese subs! All in all it was a great experience!
Not much variety in the pho other than the type of meat you get. No meat balls, tripe, tendons, etc. You get a large (more like medium-large) bowl for about $6.75. Still good food. Wait staff is nice. Will definitely return to this place.
I passed this place by for a long time, now I am addicted.  Excellent!
When you don't know what you feel like having for lunch this is a great place to go.  Service is quick and they are very polite. I have no idea what I ordered when I went but it was great.   If you are feeling like something different try their avocado shake. It sound kind of weird but it is super tasty.
Great soup! Great service and so nice too. Thank you for this nice introduction to Pho. Yes, it was my first time. I had heard so much about it. I was in Publics shopping in the Asian section for contents to a recipe and spoke to another customer who recommended Pho Vinh. I took my Mom who is 82 and very active and loves healthy eating and her new husband who does not. Mom and I loved it! The only reason I did not give it a five star is that they badly need to mop the floor. It was sticky and dirty. Mom complimented them on clean bathrooms! We also tried the chicken spring rolls, not enough chicken or other veggies besides cabbage, but the peanut sauce was very nice. Wonderful Jasmine sweet tea!
Oh man.  I have to pace myself.  I'd dine here every night.  Incredible Pho.  Every city I visit, I try a new Vietnamese Resturant.  Nothing comes close.  The best!
On recent visits I've shared this special place with friends and they were amazed at the quality of the meals --- food they'd never heard of or tasted before!  They'll be back and so will I.     Try them --- you'll be delighted AND full. Excellent restaurant!  Excellent service!!  Low prices.
This place is great,ate here today,the food was outstanding a real gem. This place is a well kept secret in Cape Coral . I think every one should try this place out.
Yum!  I have been used to dining at a Vietnamese restaurant in downtown Orlando and crave their "garden rolls" so much, that I will call an order in when I drive through the city to pick them up and eat them in the car ride on my way out of town.  I now have found a comparable "roll" so I no longer have to obsess about my next trip to Orlando!  The ingredients are super fresh and great quality.  If you can't taste that, just take a look in the back room.  The boxes of "JIF" peanut butter tell you that they don't even skimp on the ingredients for their sauces.  Again I say, YUM!
Yummy.  Cheap.  Clean.  Friendly.  Go to this place. Order fresh spring rolls, a bowl of pho, and a bubble tea shake.  Tell a friend.  :O)
First let me first  preface my opinion on having been to Pho Vinh more than once and having lived in the two cities in the US with the biggest  Vietnamese communities and having spent time in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam. The Pho served at Pho Vinh is ok, but the broth for their Pho is nothing like the real thing. It was missing the depth, complexity  and aromas of  a real authentic  Pho broth, with the essences of clove, cinnamon, coriander, star anise and ginger missing. Perhaps they modified their broth  for the palettes of their cliental. They also offer some untraditional add on vegetable toppings. With that said, the portion was a nice size, served with plenty of rare beef and thinly slice white onion and scallions, along with a side plate of garnishes of bean sprouts, sliced jalapeño, Thai Basil, and a lime wedges. On this visit,  I also had a delicious braised pork spring roll, filled with braised pork, fresh leaf lettuce, carrots, and rice noodles, served with a thick peanut sauce.  With SW Florida lacking Vietnamese restaurants a would recommend giving Pho Vinh a try especially if you have not experience a bowl of Pho.
The choices are very lacking.  If you ever been to any Pho place and go to here you will not be impressed.  We decided to go to another place.
Only good pho restaurant in Fort Myers...maybe SW Florida.  Authentic, dependable, healthy and always delicious.  Pho and Coconut Boba Tea are favorites.  Great lunch stop and very casual dining...we're there at least once a month.
Great pho at a great price. Two people can have dinner for under twenty bucks, and will have a tough time finding anything better on the Cape.
