I would say that I had not been back in quite some time and was pleasantly surprised at the remodel and updates they have done. They have converted the entire menu to Peruvian and I love this style of cooking.  The menu has grown 2 fold since the last time I was here. I can honestly say its closer to a book. It took me about 10 mins to read thru the entire list of choices. The portions are great, the Lomo Saltado is fantastic, the plantains are perfect and the fried yucca was cooked just right. We had the white beans and they were nicely cooked. Not overly salty like some other places like to make them. I finally have a place near the Mall that I can go to and have a nice meal  We had 2 Chicken lomo saltado, and extra side of Yucca and a Modelo and our entire bill was under $30.00. This is was for dinner not lunch. The chicken was very moist and lots of if. If I had 1 complaint it was that the home made hot sauce was mild... otherwise, we will be back. My new go to place not to far from home.
This was the second time I've eaten here and I've got to say every dish I've tried is phenomenal- definitely recommend the seafood ceviche and caldo de gallina!
Neat place Nice food
We came in at 11 on a Saturday.  It was empty and we got friendly, speedy service.  We got one Chicha Morado (purple drink), which was pretty tasty, and the server brought a free side of the cancha (crispy corn).  I ordered the chicken fried rice and the server talked me into having half a plate of rice and half a price of chicken lo mein.  It was delicious but ended up being about five dollars more than what I originally ordered.  My husband ordered a seafood special, which came with a large portion of fried seafood (fish, scallops, squid) and a huge pile of rice.  The seafood was melt-in-your-mouth delicious but the rice was SO FISHY.  It tasted like a fish house, in a bad way.  Our bill ended up being way higher than we anticipated.  We enjoyed it but didn't love it.
Our once a week staple. This place is consistently delicious, friendly and clean. We came here initially for the ceviche (which is easily the best in fort myers) but have returned each week for such new found favorites as poll a la brasa, lomo saltado, tacu tacu and some awesome breaded chicken with some seriously impressive rice and beans. The doughnuts here are to die for! The service is always impeccable.
Okay I'm bowled over and surprised it took me so long to discover this place. We were promptly seated and given warm corn nuts for starters. After ordering the vegetable stuffed avocado we were brought ice water with a lime wedge. Karen ordered the grilled chicken dish with onion and tomatoes and I requested the grilled chicken tacu tacu with lentils. She first returned with two hot sauces then the two meals. Both were sensational.  With no room for dessert we left with take out menus because we are coming back.
This place is cheap and amazing. I was skeptic at first to try it but I'm so glad I did. This place is awesome and the food is delicious. I'm hooked if I could eat here every day I would. My food was delicious and came out fast. My waiter was super sweet and refilled drinks right away.
When my boyfriend first drove us up to the place, I was not thrilled with the location or look from the outside but as we all know, sometimes those are the best places. And with all the fab reviews on yelp, we had to at least try it. The inside has much more ambiance than you would think, although, I could have done without the news blasting from a large screen behind the bar. We sat far enough from it where it didn't require us to request it be turned down. Service was excellent from the moment we walked in the moment we walked out. Super friendly and helpful with the menu. We ordered the mixed ceviche to start which had a nice flavor. I like trying ceviche but I never really want an entire plate of it so we ordered a dish that I'm not even sure is on the menu but was highly recommended by our server. I think it was called El Patio Delicioso, which is a half and half dish of Piaya and fried seafood. It was so good, the yellow rice here is so flavorful and the fish was perfectly fried. We grabbed 2 of their deserts to go and enjoyed them a few hours later. I'm really interested in going to the bakery when it is open during the day. My 4 star review is based on only 2 dishes and 2 deserts but I would recommend this place if you are feeling adventurous and I'm excited to go back and try more dishes.
Visited Fort Myers for the first time in my life and wanted to enjoy the food there. Yelpers steered me in the right direction, as this place has some fantastic food. The outside of the restaurant and the surrounding area might look a little run down, and the inside of the restaurant was also a little run down, but the staff were very friendly and helpful (especially with my father and brother, neither of whom had ever eaten Peruvian food) and the food was fantastic. Went to a few other places in the city and none of us thought any other restaurant did better... it was the culinary highlight of our trip.
As other reviewers have pointed out El Patio is light décor but massive on flavor.  While it's nice to go somewhere that has a visual that makes you feel... festive or... relaxed or... like the people who work there have spent their entire lives preparing for this moment to make your meal, I'll gladly take the bare bones approach of El Patio when the food is this good. I went to El Patio on a Thursday afternoon for lunch.  My wife and I split the stuffed avocado with chicken and I ordered the tacu tacu with fish.  I love avocados.  I peel them and eat them like apples.  The stuffed avocado appetizer was amazing.  Think of a halved avocado with a tiny chicken salad complete with corn and diced tomatoes.  I thought there was no way my lunch would live up to the stuffed avocado. Lunch arrived and I realized my life had been a lie.  The tacu tacu with lentils raised the bar from what I expect from authentic Mexican, or Peruvian as Bernie K. pointed out, to another playing field.  I seriously want to know how this was seasoned so I can attempt to replicate it at home.  Full of earthy flavors and enough spice to stick out but not scorch.  If you are into hot sauce I recommend the habanero.  The fish was also great, lightly battered and seasoned the same as the lentils.   El Patio is not a perfect five star establishment but what I had was a five star meal.  Fort Myers may not be as "foodie" as my hometown, Louisville (Bon Appetit called it the 4th foodiest in America), but El Patio (along with other gems like Heavenly Biscuit) proves there are worthy contenders in SW Florida.  I came for the beach but it looks like I'm staying for the food.
FANTASTICO! This is truly a gem of a place. It rivals, and perhaps even surpasses, the Cape Seafood Shack in seafood quality. We both ordered the lunch special of Marino Pescado a lo Macho. The special includes a drink with it. This is a Peruvian seafood dish consisting of multifarious spicy seafoods. It came with grouper, beautifully cooked (not fried), literally smothered with shrimp, large & small, mussels, calamari & octopus, all with an excellent sauce. It came with rice as well. To die for.
This place is SOOOOOOOO GOOD.  SO GOOD.  and SO CHEAP.  I've never had peruvian food before, but I am a fan!  I stuffed myself SILLY just so I could eat all the yumminess at its maximum yumminess. I Love love Love: 1) fish and shrimp ceviche 2) Stuffed avocado appetizer 3) ... and a year passes and I realized i haven't finished this review. HOWEVER I still remember the CHEAP price and DELICIOUS rice plates!  It's definitely a must try!
Enjoyable venture into Peruvian food. I followed the advice of fellow Yelpers and chose the avocado/chicken starter which was delicious. Followed up with a Tacu Tacu (seafood in a creamy sauce) which was also tasty. Huge portions. Friendly service. Not that easy to find but it's on the opposite side of the road, almost directly opposite Hooters. I think they may be redecorating the interior and it felt a bit dowdy. (-1 star) Probably better at lunch time than at 7pm. Restaurant closes at 8pm on weekday Thursday. Having said all that, I'd visit again.
Excellent ceviche mixto and pretty darn good lomo salado.  The whole red snapper was disappointing as it wasnt very flavorful.  Our waiter was professional and attentive.  The restaurant decor is plain and simple and it is located in a sketchy strip mall but don't let these things fool you!
I came to El Patio because of Yelp, I went in with high expectations and I was not disappointed.  It's an easy restaurant to miss tucked away in an unassuming strip mall.  The Restaurant itself has a bland interior but in this case it doesn't matter. This was my first foray into Peruvian food.  Both appetizers I had were delicious, the Ceviche Mixto (mixed seafood) and Causa rellena de Pollo (mashed potato stuffed with chicken and vegetables).  They were out of avocados otherwise i would have tried those stuffed as well.  I was surprised at how good the Potatos were. 2 of the 3 entrees were exceptional.  The Chicharron de Pescado was the best fried fish I have ever had.  It was not greasy or heavy like most fried foods and it was crunchier.  The Yucca and Onions were a tasty addition to the plate.   The Tacu Tacu with Chicken, Your choice of bean and rice were outstanding.  I don't know how they cooked the rice but it was some of the best rice I ever had. I also had a taste of the Bistec which was good but didn't compare to the Tacu Tacu or the Fried Fish. 67 dollars pre tip was good for 4 entrees, 2 appetizers and 4 happily stuffed patrons who will return to El Patio in the future.
I went here for lunch last week and ordered the sautéed chicken. It was classic Peruvian. Soy, cilantro, fries, peppers, tomatoes and rice. Very simple and good. The service was friendly. I will be back. The only drawback for me was that the lunch special came with just a can of soda. I like refills!
We had a lovely and absolutely delicious lunch here today.  We had Palta Rellena Con Pollo(avacado stuffed with chicken salad) for an appetizers.  Beautiful presentation, looked like an Easter egg.  Then we had Tacu Tacu Con Lomo( rice with beef).  I have never had a dish like this and it was really good.  Rice with white beans baked in a frying pan and sautéed beef with onions and tomatoes.  Delicious ! Oh, we also had an Alfajor which is 2 butter cookies with a caramel in between.  Wow!
I will definitely come back.  Food & service was good. Great lunch specials.
Wow what can I say, this place was one of the best peruvian dinners Ive ever had. My wife and I shared the chicken avocado app. which was delicious.  Obviously when you eat peruvian you're talking about ceviche, and boy did that not disapppoint. What was surprising was all of the fried seafood that accompanied the ceviche it was almost an entire meal unto itself.  We also ordered the fish Macho which was a revelation.  The prices are extremely fair for the quantity of food that we got and the service was excellent.  Expand your horizons and seek out this hidden treasure!
Just delicious! One of my friends told me about this place, and at first I was not thrilled with the location or the decoration, but once I tried the food....I simply forgot where I was. Since then I have become a regular (at least 3 to 4 times a month).  I also suggested this place to several of my friends and co-workers and every single one of them have become a fan of their food. I love the ceviche mixto, pescado a lo macho, chaufa de mariscos and Tacu, tacu with a portion of fried plantains.....I don't care too much for their desserts, but some people seem to like them.
Based on the other reviews my hub and I were excited to try this place. I wanted to try the avocado chicken starter but the waiter said the avocados were not good right now. I appreciated him being honest instead of trying to serve us crap avocados (many places will!) So we ordered the potatoes with cream sauce and they were to die for!!! The sauce reminded me a little of hollandaise, so yummy. My husband had the grouper. He asked the waiter if they could remove the head and some of the skin and the waiter smiled (silly gringos) and said sure. It was perfectly cooked and had amazing flavor. I tried the seafood tacu tacu. I'm a pretty adventurous eater but, gringos, please be warned that seafood in this restaurant includes little squid (a bunch!) and octopus tentacles. It probably mentions this on the menu but I wasn't paying attention and was a little surprised. I'm a good sport so I ate some but didn't think they were that tasty. The shrimp was fantastic, perfectly tender and sweet, but I was disappointed there were only 4 or 5 in my dish. Having said that the sauce and black rice thing that comes with it were DELICIOUS! Tried the purple corn drink: FYI people, it's just ginger water. Had some type of white cake with caramel sauce for dessert: YUM! The service was OK, we were the only people in the place at one point and we still had to motion the waiter over for refills and to order dessert. Will def be back to order tacu tacu but will go for the chicken instead!
cheap and delicious! The staff is super nice too and very accommodating. Great for a casual dinner :)
The ceviche was ok! Please don't order pollo a la brasa it was terrible , service is pretty bad.  It's hard  to find a restaurant in that area were you can receive good service. This Peruvian restaurant is for people that don't know how real Peruvian food it's supposed to taste.
Need a break from all the chain restaurants? Try this local eatery with outstanding ceviche. We had a mix though there are several options.  The aguadito de marisco, soup with tons of seafood (fish, calamari, shrimp) and rice in a broth with lots of cilantro giving the soup a green color was outstanding and a bargain at $7.  We also had the maduros, the sweet plantains.  At first I was skeptical of the place, but there are is a wide selection of plates on the menu.  I would highly recommend and the place seems to be a best kept secret for those in the know.  Ambiance is okay, the place looked clean and service was friendly. Location is across from Hooters. Also, this place is more Peruvian than Mexican in my opinion.
From the appetizers to main course the food is fresh, tasty, plentiful. Green and red salsa's both very nice. Lot's of native Peruvian's seem to be here..... couples, families, friends. Great Food!
A fantastic restaurant in the sometimes abysmal Fort Myers. We ordered the stuffed avocados (shredded chicken, corn, tomatoes, vegetables and sauce), Tacu Tacu (chicken or beef / and rice dish - wonderful smokey flavor), Aji de gallna (shredded chicken in delicious yellow sauce with rice), and a whole roast chicken with fritas. All of it was "lick your plate clean". Tacu Tacu was the crowd favorite. (Pro tip: arroz con pollo only available on the weekends). I will be recommending this place to everyone I know to try to make sure it is one of the restaurants that makes it here. They have outstanding lunch specials - full entrees + drink for only $7. Do not be put off by the strip mall/mexican dive appearance - it is outstanding.
Great food at a fair price. Service excellent. We had the Avocado with seafood appetizer. Very good and different. I had the Ceviche Mixto spicy, very good and my better half the Tacu Tacu with a fish filet, she said it was excellent. In a little strip mall, decor is basic, but the food is fresh and very well made. Highly recommended to try something different than a chain restaurant on Cleveland Avenue.
Everything was delicious. Excellent place to dine and very affordable. We now have a new place to eat Peruvian food.
Amazing Peruvian food!!! Ceviche is amazing! The limo saltado was awesome! Their pollo a la brasa must be great as well... I went  with the intentions on having that but they were out of it! Lol. I thought that was weird, but everything else was so amazing that I cant wait to be back for the pollo a la brasa
It's good to be back in the warmth! Was in Upstate NY earlier this week. Cold weather and not many good restaurant choices. El Patio is a great place. Good service and great food.
We have visited this restaurant several times. In the last few months they decided to raise the prices. We have also noticed the portions, especially when it comes to sea food have been reduced ridiculously. We have ordered the seafood chaufa (kind of like Chinese rice) but what we get is huge amounts of rice, two shrimps and a couple of calamaris. This doesn't justify the prices. The food is ok but there are plenty of other good Peruvian restaurants we would rather go to where we pay less an get reasonable portions.
Outstanding and a pleasant surprise for our area. Great food and prices. I can't even begin to say what is best because I have never had anything I didn't love. Don't miss the deserts, they are just as good as the entrees. Also, they have a bakery that opens at 7 or 8 am and they have the best pastries and bread you will find anywhere.
Everything was delicious! Great authentic food and very affordable.
We were only three of about eight diners on a slow midweek night.  This made us a bit nervous, but we're we pleased I asked advice on the ceviche that was best and was brought an assortment that was fabulous.  I had the baby beef and squid as a main course- spectacular. My wife the rice an pillar.  Service excellent, only reason not five stars- no full bar.  (great wine cellar however)
Good food!  I'll be back.
This place is actually Peruvian..... Get the lomo saltado with fried rice with lentils.  Make sure you get the dinner portion (lunch is $7 and comes with a drink) bc you'll be wanting more.
Sorry you had to remodel we missed another visit before returning home.  We will be back.  Sent our friends they loved it but said avacato was hard not ripe everything else was sooooooooo good.  See you the end of August.  Well it is June 1913 returning to fort Myers can not wait to eat here again see you next week.
We had a meal here a few months ago. Pleasant surprise once you get past the strip-mall exterior. Everything we ordered was phenomenal. I wish I had written this review sooner to give you specifics, but I remember we ordered some sort of seafood gumbo dish that was sooo sooo good
The food was excellent, and a great value!  Our server, Ida, was from Peru and she was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I had their combination plate wthat had very tasty and tender pieces of steak, surrounded by large shrimp and squid and other seafood.  I had a huge platter of food for $15.  My friend had their mixed ceviche, and it was also very good and only $10.  Like another reviewer said, the problem is that the place is hard to find.  We went on a Wednesday evening, and there were only two other couples, which was a real shame.  If the location was better, the place would do a great business.  Once you see Hooters, look across the street and the restaurant is tucked in the back of a little strip mall.  Believe me, it is worth looking for!
Very yummy. Staff is very friendly, and I have yet to find a Peruvian restaurant in the area that is more authentic than this one.
