Very good food, the outside seating is very nice with ample shade.   The inside is decorated very nicely however, the inside tables are plastic!  Plastic outside is fine but inside brings down the entire atmosphere.
Wonderful dinner with excellent service and suggestions by Michael. A highlight of our vacation - going back for lunch tomorrow!
The food delicious the service could be improved. The market appeared high quality but we did not buy anything there.
Coming from Arizona, we couldn't wait to eat seafood and we wanted only the best. Our grandparents referred us to Fish Tale, and it was the BEST!! We were so happy we could finally drink Yuengling Beer (they do not distribute in AZ). We made several trips to the restroom as we enjoyed  the sea salt scrub. The atmosphere is pleasant, staff is friendly and knowledgable. Best Oysters we have ever eaten! The Gulf Coast and Blue Point Oysters were fresh and delicious. You have to try the Seafood Chowder, full of delicious seafood and vegetables. Wonderful flavor. The Heirloom was amazing, nice texture and presentation. Fresh tomatoes, Mozzarella and Basil.   We are going to miss Fish Tale! We now have a wonderful tale to tell in AZ ;)
Stopped in on Friday night and was pleasantly suprised at how nice the place is.    The entire place is spotless and staff very friendly.   We had the Butterfish and the Scallops dinner and both were amazing.   Definitely going back soon.
Service was excellent. My 2 companions enjoyed their steak sandwich and crab cake sandwich, although the crab cake was deemed 'soggy', but tasted good. Onion rings were factory-made and bland, more batter than onion. I had the seafood Cobb salad and it was not good. Way too much dry greenery, not enough salad dressing. Not that you want that dressing, it was awful-tasting nasty bottled stuff, a chemical mix that didn't have any actual cheese. I don't believe anyone on staff has tried to eat this dish. It was physically impossible given the size of the plate compared to the dense amount of greens. While the seafood was fresh and delicious, there was little of it on the salad for the price. The person who designed this salad needs to go back to school if they ever went to school. If I made this salad, I would cut the greens amount in half, and toss all vegetable ingredients in a small amount of extra virgin olive oil just prior to serving. I'd make a REAL blue cheese dressing, it's not difficult. Stop using crappy bottled dressing on a salad that could otherwise be a wonderful creation. Also add some sauce for the shrimp. Shrimp, scallops and blue cheese dressing don't go together.  This is what you get in a small town where chefs have training and pretensions, but have never eaten in a good restaurant. Food is rendered 'academically', but not with the comprehension that comes with experience and cultivated taste.
I ordered the seafood Trio and 2 Sangria's.  The side I ordered was sweet potato fries.  Best Sweet potato fried ever!!!  Grill grouper was good.  Scallops and scampi were about average.  Would recommend a visit.
Excellent lobster bisque, & Honey's seafood chowder was, too. Lobster roll, the hot choice, for lunch was terrific, with sweet potato fries on the sidelines. Coral, our server from Massachusetts, very knowledgeable about seafood & the sources for the restaurant, is the go to server for questions!  We'll be back.
I had dinner there with my wife last night for the first time.  It was excellent!  The Lobster Bisque was amazing. My wife had a salad with homemade herb ranch dressing.  I assume it was good.  She cleaned the plate, while I was busy licking the bottom of my bowl of bisque. She had the Butterfish as an entree, It was spectacular from the small nibble that she allowed me to try. I had the dueling seafood special which consisted of Cobia on one side of the plate and TripleTail on the other. It's was served with some vegetables in the middle.   I'm not sure creative genius thought up this dish, but they surely deserve a medal or at least a raise.  It was fantastic.   The food was extremely well plated,  it almost looked too pretty to eat.  The service was exceptional too. Kudos!
Nice location, excellent food and perfect service. We had an appertizer platter with awesome octopus and lobster wraps and OK shrimps. The entré with different pasta dishes and fish&ships was great. We were sitting outside and before it started to rain the staff had a table for us waiting inside. Perfect!
What a great find! Not that I found it, but rather my Yelp friends found it, and I'm glad they did. The place has a modern seafood shanty look to it with cool music playing in the background. The Blue Point Oysters were great as was the Lobster Bisque. We had the Tuna Wrap and Crab Cake sandwich, both of which were very good, especially the Tuna wrap. The fries and onion rings were very good too. There was plenty of friendly wait staff on hand who were very attentive,  knowledgeable, and helpful. It was very clean there as well. I can't wait to come back for dinner. I highly recommend going here for good quality fresh seafood and a fun place to hang out. Oh....there's a small bar on the inside with colored lights in the bar that change colors which adds to the modern flair.
Everything I've had here has been delicious. We also had a cookout with a bunch of seafood we purchased. It was all very tasty  and decently priced. Service is great and attentive.
We have eaten  here several times and would recommend it to any one who likes fresh seafood. The tuna and salmon tartare duo is fantastic, especially if you ask for some boom boom sauce on the side. My wife and I split the lobster spring roll appetizer. It was beautifully plated with seaweed salad and a large roll cut into 4 pieces...art on a plate and delicious too. Unfortunately this trip we selected a dish which was very bad and so out of character with everything else in the place as to be almost shocking. This dish definitely to be avoided was a fried soft shell crab sandwich. The crab itself was obviously a high end ingredient absolutely ruined by the mass of pasty grey gelatinous breading. I called it to the attention to the manager who thanked us for the feed back, but didn't offer to fix the problem. The service was friendly and the staff are very attentive  and nice, however the waitress did not know the food or drink menu and we had to ask other staff for explanations of menu items. Even though we ordered the soft shell crab, the first trip to the table was a crab cake....when we pointed this out to the waitress she argued that it was a soft shell crab....maybe she knew that the worst was yet to come. Another server stopped by and agreed with us that it was not a soft shell crab. We still think this place is fantastic and plan on going often, we will just be a bit more careful on selections we haven't tried already.
For my 100th review, I decided I would choose one of my favorite restaurants in the Cape/Ft. Myers area. It used to just be Merrick's fish store where you could buy local fresh fish, but they expanded and now have a lovely restaurant area as well. I like to sit outside, if weather permits. As far as appetizers go, you can't go wrong with the tartar duo of ahi tuna and salmon. My other favorite was when they had stone crab legs on special. Yum! For lunch I like the seafood Cobb, which may sound odd (scallops and bleu cheese dressing?) but it is delish and nice for something lighter. The only entree I haven't been too fond of was when I tried the bourbon salmon. It was a little dry when I ordered it but I will try it again. My go-to's are the butter fish and the Chilean sea bass. Fish Tale offers great service, great food and great wine. They have a house blend (I think? It's called Fish Tale...) of Sauvignon Blanc that pairs great with fish. Prices are on the higher side, but you get what you pay for and to me it's worth it!
I love this place!! It's clean and nice inside and the food is simple and good. No frills, all about the seafood. I started with the lobster bisque and it was deliciously rich and creamy with large chunks of lobster. Good thing they served it in a mug, because I drank that lobster goodness allllll up. :9 The calamari was pretty good- it was nicely seasoned, a little more on the peppery side. The fried breading wasn't staying on very well and was falling off of a handful of pieces. Also I might've just been spoiled with nice seafood but I thought the size of the calamari pieces was smaller than I'm used to. Although they did give two large full-body squid pieces that I happily put in mah belly. Next were the Blue Pointe oysters that I found to be very fresh. I got one extra oyster- not sure if it was a special favor or a failure at math- but I'll take it!  We also ordered the tuna wrap with onion rings. (This tuna did not have a good ending to his fish tale) The chunks of tuna in this wrap are fairly large- I was pleasantly surprised- so this is definitely worth the money. The wasabi sauce was a great addition as well (but I'm totally biased) and I appreciate that they give the lemon on the side- so it doesn't sit on and cook the tuna. The onion rings were crispy with a light batter.. and oh, they were HUGE!! Fish Tale is a great spot for a fresh and easy lunch.  I thought the dishes and restaurant were clean and simple- really highlighting the freshness of the seafood.  I will def have to come back for the LOBSTA ROLL next time!!! Stay tuned for the next chapter of this Fish Tale!
I like this place, service is friendly and helpful and food is excellent but removing a star for 2 pet peeves. Bottle of wine scallops and caviar, all excellent by the way, but paper napkins, yuk, really? Also tails on shrimp that is in sauce just lazy!  If I wanted to touch my food with my fingers I would have gone for ribs. This place needs to decide on caliber and be cautious not to slide into the realm of average that with few exceptions consumes the Cape.
My wife and I had dinner here with friends. Our friends love seafood and seemed to enjoy their meals very much. My wife and I are vegans so eating anywhere is a challenge, especially at a fish market. Our waitress was helpful and the Fish Tale Grill accommodated our way of eating very well. We had the chopped salad without the mozzarella, baked potato, and steamed asparagus which were all very good. So you can eat vegan at a fish market. We'll be back. BTW, this is a popular restaurant. Be prepared for a wait list.
An amazing find in Cape Coral. Upon arrival we were greeted by the friendly staff and promptly seated. Our waitress, Coral, was fantastic. From quickly taking our drink orders to fantastic food recommendations she was exceptional. The food was fresh and delicious. Would definitely recommend for fresh seafood.
The staff was quick to greet us and seat us. The environment is warm and enjoyable. The food was fresh and the presentation was surprisingly upscale for the price. An unexpectedly delightful find in Cape Coral.
Very nice service and excellent seafood. We dined on a Monday night in the summer when the city streets were empty, but the small restaurant was full. Everything was very fresh. Highly recommend the calamari as appetizer and lobster bisque as a side.
I had the lobster and shrimp Mac n cheese and a Caesar salad. My wife got the mixed grill. The Mac n cheese had a good flavor, but it looked like box Mac n cheese and for $16 Mac n cheese I expected more. The Caesar salad was good. I tried my wife's seafood chowder and it was awesome. As far as the mixed grill the steak was tender but over marinated. The scallops were ok and I didn't try the shrimp. We sat inside and it felt a bit above a casual atmosphere. Outside looked more relaxed and we'll try that next time. Overall it was good and I want to try the lunch menu.
I'm an armature chef and the folks here are not! My wife had the Blackened Mahi which was crafted well. A tad overly spicy but butter smooth and moist inside. I think a hint less spice or a finish with some butter to tone it down would of made it perfection! Our great server Coral brought me a soft shelled crab sandwich. I'm not sorry to say I could not improve on it in any way possible - moist, fresh, smacks of the sea yet still delicately sweetness of the crab shines through down to the last bite! We have had surf n turf a 10. Rockefeller oysters although not traditional are great with the addition of sweet lump crab meat! The local raw clams are always amazing too. This is by FAR the best seafood in a 35 mile radius of Cape Coral! By DHA
My husband and I  went  to try the two entrees and bottle of wine special for $38.00 on Monday night.  We are both foodies from Columbus, Ohio. Since eating out is the major past time of people from Columbus, we know our food.  Fish Tails is a hidden gem in Cape Coral.  The atmosphere is trendy and chic.  The service is on par with any upscale restaurant and the food is delightful and presented perfectly.  We were really impressed by the culinary skills of their chef.  If you want to have a perfect experience, go to Fish Tail.  It rivals the best restaurants in Columbus
The food, service, & atmosphere are all terrific.    Try their red Tail amber beer which is smooth and good tasting. Sadly, this beer is not available anywhere other than here.  The grouper was fresh and seasoned to perfection. The lobster bisque is another winner. The retail fish market looks professional and includes a recipe print off.  We'll be back again and again
Wow... what a great place to eat. Went out to eat on a friday night with family while we were in the area for vacation.  Stopped at another local establishment first, but found an hour and a half wait time.  Looked on yelp for another restaurant close by and found this place. Walked up expecting a lengthy wait considering the prior attempt, but we were seated at an outside table fairly soon after.  We had enough time to take a look at the seafood market inside though.   The seared tuna special was one of the best I have had. Everyone's meal was very good.  No complaints at all.  A+ for service, presentation, and taste.
Okay, I've found another reason to cross the river. And why wouldn't the best seafood market in Lee county not have an excellent seafood restaurant? The restaurant is clean, modern and best of all doesn't smell like fish. And the outdoor deck is large and comfortable with several tables with umbrellas to keep you in the shade. We were waited on right away by a very competent  waitress named, Coral. She performed all her functions effortlessly and expediently. We ordered unsweetened teas, blacked grouper tacos, a crab cake sandwich and the Asian salmon salad. The two overstuffed tacos came on a rack with a creamy slaw, pico de gallo, limes and sour cream. I would have preferred a cilantro cream sauce instead. We devoured them. They were quite good. The Asian salmon salad had a wonderful ginger, citrus dressing. Mixed greens, purple onion, mandarin oranges, won tons which were served chilled. The salmon was cooked to perfection and served warm. I was surprised at how large the fillet was. The crab cake sandwich was served warm on a soft bakery bun, lettuce, tomato and onion. It came with sweet potato fries and a garlic, lemon aoili dip that tasted incredible. So our lunch was over $40 with tip. Not an amount I would normally spend for lunch. But when you feel like treating yourself to very good seafood with pleasant surroundings come here by all means. You won't be disappointed.
The manager has no personality, the fish was over cooked the prices were not great and was not impressed with the portions. Go to lobster lady, tough to get in but worth it.
We had a great dinner! Casual atmosphere with great outdoor seating. The lobster bisque soup is amazing. We started with the duo of tatar... also an excellent choice. All the meals were great. Deserts made in house. Don't miss the key lime pie. Beer and wine only, no bar. This is a don't miss place to dine. Service was great! Thanks Gil and Tina.
Had a great experience at Fish Tales Seafood Grill by Merrick Foods in the SE Cape. We were pleasingly surprised to be waited on by Cora,  who previously  worked at Paesano's  Restaurant. Not only is the food excellent and reasonably priced but Cora made our dining experience delightful. Make sure you ask for Cora, whether you sit in or outside. She's the best. Paul V.
My wife and I were in Cape Coral on business and several people mentioned Fish Tale Grill so we gave it a try.  The people were very friendly and attentive, the plate presentation was beautiful, and the food was very good.  The atmosphere is very cool and trendy.  I felt like I was in a boutique hotel restaurant. We had Caesar salad and the dressing was homemade.  For dinner we had the seafood platter and it was very good and plentiful.  I would go back here again.  Outside is an outside patio where you can eat outside but it was too hot the night we were there.  Next door is a fish market where you can buy your fish and take it home to try your own hand at cooking. The outside patio would be fine for kids and families.  Inside is a great date night spot.
I have eaten at Fish Tales several times,  and I love it.  There Tuna wrap is awesome.  I have had there salmon and salads also and it was delicious food.  Took my son and his girlfriend there and they also liked it and can't wait to come visit again so they can go back and eat there.  You can also buy fresh seafood and they have prepared foods ready for the oven or grill.
Had a great time here and the atmosphere was great and the Food was amazing!!! Our waitress Tina was very Polite and helpful... I recommend trying the Salmon with Burbon Sauce with Asparagus over Orzo Pasta.... It feels a little cramped inside the Restaurant but there is outdoor seating with heaters. The food and drink prices are reasonable.
We had an excellent meal here. Extremely fresh fish. The tartare appetizer was excellent. Highly recommend it!!  Fish chowder was wonderful. We will be back here for sure.
The food was amazing! My husband and I ordered the twin lobster tails and snow crab legs and both were excellent!
Best seafood dinner we have had in Cape Coral. Could have made a meal on the fresh bread and seafood chowder but the entrees didn't disappoint. Lightly battered fried seafood and the seared Sea Bass was perfection. Loved the decor.
My family and I frequent Fish Tale Grill.  We all agree that the food is ALWAYS delicious and presented beautifully. They are hands down the BEST for fresh and affordable seafood. Their outside dining area is great on a weather permitting day and the inside area while small is extremely clean and attractive. The service we have is always very pleasant and our food and drinks are delivered quickly. We reside in Naples and the 1 hour drive to eat at Fish Tale Grill is well worth it. Definitely at the top of my list with USS Nemo's in Naples coming in second. This is a must try! Don't forget the market before you leave, many items from Merrick Seafood have made dinner time simple and delicious for my family at home.
this review is for the fresh seafood store, Merrick Seafood, the other half to the fish tale grill. i purchased a lobster tail and two small servings of grouper for far far far less than i would pay to have prepared in a restaurant. i had great service and the fish was so good!
We've been buying fresh seafood at Merricks for 15 years, so when they decided to open a seafood restaurant, we knew the fish would be fresh.  In addition to fresh fish, the dining atmosphere is wonderful (plenty of shaded outdoor tables and a chic small interior space), the service is attentive (thank you John), and the presentation is top notch (thanks to the wife-owner who has a special touch).  We enjoyed manhattan clam chowder, black cod, steamed baby clams and sea bass.  The owner makes his way around and talks with you - nice. An absolutely delightful dining experience.
This is the absolute best seafood in the area.  Merrick Seafood is the wholesale fishmonger to well over 200 area restaurants... so when the owners decided to open a small restaurant in the space next door, I took notice.  You should too.  And yes, Fort Myers denizens, it's even worth crossing the bridge to get to it.  NOTE: currently only open 11-4 for lunch!
Absolutely amazing Cobb salad- best I've had in Cape Coral!  $12.99 buys you 2 large shrimp, 3 sea scallops, a lump of crab meat and avocado slices.  Delicious dressing, too!  Can't wait to explore the rest of the menu.
Went there for dinner based on the relatively positive Yelp reviews. The service was a little rushed (the brought the entrees while we were still working on our lobster bisque) and a little on the coldside. The food was about par for the course, some dishes were better than others (the lobster bisque was great, most of the rest was average). They forgot one of the orders and apologized but it really put a kink in the dinner since one person was left waiting and the rest of us were mostly done by the time that person was served. Price was about right though there are certainly better deals out there. The waitress was friendly and chatty. Parking is a hassle as there is no parking on site but there are spots available on the road or down the street. Not a bad place, but certainly not great either.
We went for lunch and everything was great including the service. Amazing value, too.
Fantastic! Definitely recommend. Lobster Bisque was awesome. Tile fish was great too. Best seafood we had our entire trip!
Would definitely go back! Complimentary bread, seafood chowder with the coconut shrimp appetizer is what I'll be ordering. Skip the entrees! Sit outside and enjoy the good service. We did not care for the escargot, dry... not enough butter or garlic. The bourbon salmon sauce is very sweet - should be added to the description on the menu. Thus the four stars. Price is reasonable, casual dress.
Great fresh seafood grill and market. Limited seating but not for long, they are expanding into the space next door. The blackened grouper sandwich was excellent. The fish looked so fresh we bought halibut and swordfish to take home. The staff are wonderful, extremely pleasant and knowledgeable.
