Amazing Italian food! You probably wouldn't expect such amazing italian in a N. Ft. Myers strip-mall, but this place is excellent. It has been here forever, is family owned, and the food is consistently excellent. Veal-parm and Tortelacci della nonna are our favorite dishes. The tiramisu is the best I've had anywhere. Great food and service here!
I'm not sure why this place has such a high rating. The food is ok, but not exceptional and not 5 stars good. Ristorante Fabio is clean, small, and family owned. Everybody that was inside was a local that has been here before. There was plenty of talk between the patrons and the wait staff, like they were all friends. Nothing wrong with that at all, just saying. The menu has good options and the specials sounded good. The service was good and friendly. Like I said, the food was decent (except the Calamari) but not as good as many other places in Fort Myers.
This is a MUST-GO restaurant for locals and tourists alike!! We found it via Yelp, and entered despite the lackluster facade. Don't be fooled-- the family staff and food both sparkle! Viviana and other patrons quickly welcomed us. The salad dressing is awesome and a bottle can  be purchased to take home. I had the Basa fish and mom had penne vodka. I can't tell you which was better !  The wine pours were generous too. It can get busy at dinner, so you may want to make a reservation or go for lunch/early dinner at this N Ft Myers jewel.
I ate here while visiting family, and Italian is the last thing is choose when visiting Florida. That being said, this place was awesome. The best red sangria I've ever had. The best Arrabiata I have ever eaten. And the Tiramisu was the best I ever had. That's 3 best evers for me in one place. Will be trying to persuade family to eat here every trip to Ft. Myers.
We went to this restaurant based on the reviews and it did not disappoint. The food is amazing and flavorful. You can tell it is made with love. I was impressed with everything we ate and truly enjoyed our meal. Plus, the service is great. This is a true family restaurant. Our waitress was the granddaughter of the owners. Her grandparents and her mother were both in the restaurant running things. If you are looking for a nice, special meal where the staff makes you feel welcome and the food makes you want to come back, come here. You will be very happy you did.
WOW  !!!!! By far the best food I have had yet here in florida.. The service and food was just plain outstanding. Everything is made by scratch. (BUT   wait for it the bread is imported from California. LOL) I had linguine with clam sauce, lots of clams and fresh garlic. Wify had pasta with fresh garlic and oil. The salad dressing was homemade and creamy. Fried to perfection was eggplant as a appetizer Also garlic bread. Too much food to eat in one setting so doggie bags to go. The lunch was approx. 10.00 each Beautiful setting though it in a strip mall. A chocolate cake to die for oooohhhh so filling. Please go here.
I have been coming here for years! The food is always top notch and the staff is like family. The menu offers many wonderful dishes and the dessert, always amazing. The Chicken Parmesan is always my favorite, my husband raves about the Chicken Francese. Don't let the plaza fool you, Ristorante Fabio is truly a gem.
Pallenta, rigs w sausage. White clam, cicken french, tiramisu, all perfect (no surprise there)
This place is easily the best Italian food in Fort Myers. Also, I am pretty sure that the food has magical healing abilities. I found out that I had stomach cancer and only a few days to live. For my last meal I came to Fabio's to try the phenomenal pork cutlet with vinegar peppers. I went to the doctor's the next day and found out that my cancer was completely cured! I went to a gas station to by a Four Loko to celebrate and picked up a lottery ticket as well. Later that night I was eating left overs from Fabio and watching the lottery drawing on TV and ended up winning the PowerBall. Ristorante Fabio will change your life. If you don't eat here you'll be as unhappy as when someone puts your cake out in the rain, and all the sweet delicious icing flows down and then you lose the recipe, and on top of that you can't sing worth a damn. Pros: Delicious food (try the pork cutlet with vinegar peppers) Cures cancer Increased chance of winning the lottery Makes you run faster Cons: Despite what the name suggest, male model Fabio doesn't actually work here or own the restaurant
I travel 9-10 months out of the year and one of my favorite things to do is find authentic non-chain places to eat while traveling. Every once in awhile I stumble across places that leave a lasting impression. This one is definitely one of those diamonds in the rough. - Family owned - friendly and personable ... The cook and owner even came out to talk with us! - Everything is home-made - The creamy salad dressing is incredible. I took home two bottles for myself and my family to try. It's that good! - the bread will melt in your mouth and will definitely fill you up faster than you want - I ordered the lasagne and it was to die for! Some of the best I've ever had. My friend ordered the chicken Alfredo with mushrooms and it was delicious . The best I've ever had! Go here and dine for an experience you won't regret!!
Our first time at this Italian restaurant and it is the absolute BEST!  Anyone who loves and appreciates good Italian food should go here.  I can't stress enough how delicious  this food is... And the service is just as great!  I can't wait to go back and try something different. I had the eggplant Parmesan and it was the yummy!!
I live in The Lake Tahoe area of CA and have made it here 3 times. This is my first review about Fabio. First off, you are walking into a family place with Grandma, Grandpa, daughter and college age grand-kids. The elders are off the boat from Italy and each of them came by to introduce themselves. I shook enough hands to make me feel like I was in a reception line! Granted, I came with local friends however, I witnessed their treatment was the same for all customers. Second, The place is in a strip mall but the two bay restaurant is very clean, nicely appointed with Roman style decor and once inside, you could be anywhere in the world since the view is internalized with a wonderful atmosphere. Third and get right down to it, there were five of us, all of whom were extolling the virtues of their respective choices. I had one of the daily specials, a capellini with fresh tomatoes and shrimp that was not only a generous portion for this 230 lb male, but it was absolutely awesome. I mean over the top!  Next to me was a chicken parm that made the dinner plate look like a bottle cap. Folks the food was really great and well presented. So good in fact, the locals were bragging about looking forward to the salad dressing. This is the kind of place you can go and see how a family's pride can make a meal jump out at you. You can taste it and see the joy great cooking brings to an entire family dedicated to their table. I can count the number of reviews I have written on two fingers. I just don't write many of these but somehow, this time,  tonight, it seemed like the right thing to do. Enjoy it, I am jealous already!
My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary a while back! It was delicious! Everything is home made from scratch, it is the true definition of a "family owned" business! I've been a resident of the Cape Coral/ Fort Myers area my entire life and this is by far the best Italian food I've had, even my boyfriend an Italian himself and born and raised in Chicago said it was one of the best meals he's had! The Portion sizes are HUGE! I got mussels over pasta in a garlic wine sauce.... I literally thought I was in heaven... and the best part... they don't chince you on the seafood like most restaurants. Definitely worth the few extra bucks over Olive Garden! I can't wait to go back to Fabio's, it truly is a GEM! Oh yah... don't forget to try the Sangria!
The nicest people, most delectable food, and surprisingly cozy atmosphere. We have been to Fabio's several times and will continue to frequent this quaint restaurant.
Everything you read on here is so true. The 81 yr old grandfather shuck our hands after dinner and thanked us for coming in. The whole family was great and can't wait until we return to eat again.  Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  Best tiramisu I have ever had!
My wife and I loved this place, I had the lasagna, wife had the gnocchi, I asked our waitress not to keep my mom in the kitchen late, great authentic Italian food
We ate at Ristorante Fabio over a year ago and my family still talks about how fabulous it was! It is run by the nicest family who spent a lot of time taking good care of us, including giving us a free sample of the tripe (cow stomach!). Everything we ate was so delicious.  You could tell it was made from scratch and prepared by an authentic Italian chef.  Stop reading this review and go immediately!
Just a little restaurant neslted in a shopping strip   You wouldn't know it was there unless someone told you about it.  And they did and we did.  We were not disappointed.  Food was excellent.  Service superb.  Price was well worth the experience.  I suggest making a reservation if possible.
Fabio's is our favorite little Italian restaurant. This is a family run establishment with even the adult grandkids working.  They have a daily chalkboard menu along with standard menu. The meal we have had there appears to be made from scratch. This is about our 10th visit and we have always been happy with the service and food. Tonight my wife had a chicken dish with a mildly sweet raspberry reduction that included grape and raisin, breaded and fried broccoli and potatoes. She loved it. I had Veal and eggplant parmesan with a light marinara sauce that covered the plate. The servings are large, but also excellent. The desserts we had were Tiramisu and I had Zabaione.  Both were excellent and again ample portions. Go and try them I,m sure you will love the food.
We were headed to one of the national chain restaurants on Friday night and had over one hour waits so we decided to try Fabio right around the corner. We had heard that it was very good, but pricey. First part was right second part was wrong. We have been coming down here for years and this was "hands down" the best meal we have ever had. Service was great with family members everywhere, bread was hot and crunchy, salads were excellent and the food was truly astounding. Top it off with a great cup of coffee and our only regret was that we had no room for what sounded like over the top delectable deserts. Our new favorite restaurant in Fort Myers.
Just had a great meal with great owners and staff.  The veal was excellent and great fresh crisp salad.  This is the same high quality restaurant that the daughter and son in law have in north GA.  The service was awesome  and they make you feel like a regular.  Try it you will enjoy it I,m sure.
