We heard about this spot and got there today for lunch. I had the special pork loin with blackberry & bourbon jam sauce sandwich that came with slaw & corn on the cob.  Sand was great excellent job on the sauce.  My cole slaw that the very chatty waiter told us was house made was to plain no taste for me.  He brought me some baked beans instead of the slaw and all was outstanding.  Texas wife got brisket as usual with mac n cheese and the famous green beans. She loved it all but the bread pudding dessert was the star of the show. Hands down best in town BBQ joint in FTM. We will be back.
First time I have tried this place, and will definitely not the last!  I had a combo plate with ribs and brisket.  The brisket was tender and juicy and just perfect.  The ribs were ok, that's what brought my review down to 4 stars.  They were good flavor wise, but a bit dry.  The sides I had were very good (Mac and cheese and green beans). My wife had the meatloaf which she raved about, and I had a couple of bites, and I can attest that it was out of this world! My parents and sister tried a special of the day, a pork loin sandwich with goat cheese and a berry sauce, which they thoroughly enjoyed. It was my birthday and I ordered the chocolate Carmel bread pudding, creamy, sweet and decadent!  Yum!  Thank you for the birthday treat! Friendly service, good food, fair prices!  A winner!
Great Food - Great Service - Great Find We were in Fort Myers for the weekend and decided to use Trip Advisor to find a location that was not a "chain".  I am glad we stopped by.  This is a family owned business.  We walked in an were promptly greeted and seated. Food:  great tasting food Price:  the amount of food for the price was great Service:  Great I will definitely visit this place again when we are passing through.
Tried Rueben's for lunch, we both enjoyed our pulled pork plate, yummy green beans and Mac and cheese. Jay provided excellent service and Arvey stopped by our table to introduce herself. As locals, we appreciate good ,clean, friendly restaurants. Will definitely return to try some of the other entrees.
If you haven't tried Reuben's yet, I feel sorry for you!  This place is a true BBQ gem.  No other barbecue joint in the area can even come close to the melt in your mouth brisket, phenomenal meat loaf, and solid pulled pork.  The green beans deserve a mention also as they are just out of this world crave worthy.  Everything is made from scratch, the sauces, the jam for your biscuits...it's true home cooked southern comfort food.  Great prices and great service complete the package.  Do yourself a favor and stop by Reuben's as soon as possible.  You will not regret it!
Great food. Clean establishment. Excellent sauces. And world class BBQ prepared and served by the friendliest folks in the state. Feeling froggy? Ask for a taste of the pineapple habanero sauce on the side. And save room for homemade desserts if you can.
You have to love this place. First, it feels like going home. I was greeted by the hostess when I first walked in the door and instead of just seating me...she made me feel welcomed. There were more things on the menu that I would have loved to have tried, but I just went with the ribs and beef brisket. The ribs were tender and tasty and the brisket was some of the best that I have ever had. Tender and juicy!!! They had a great BBQ sauce. I only tried the sweet, but it was just like I like it. The green beans tasted just like my moms...maybe even slightly better...and the mac and cheese was also tasty. Oh...and those yeast rolls...perfect. Someone in one of the earlier reviews mentioned that they were undercooked, but my guess is that they don't understand what a yeast roll is. I look forward to going back!!!
Homey, friendly,  with great pulled pork, delicious brisket, amazing sides.  Bought carryout..will be back soon.
Excellent homemade BBQ. Staff is so friendly and the BBQ is the best you'll find around these parts. Great selection of homemade sauces and everything on the brisket sammy is perfection. You'll not be disappointed in this place.
Tried Reuben's out tonight on my wife's insistance. Thank GOODNESS I did, because this place is smack yo' momma good! Had the combo plate with brisket and pulled pork, wife had chicken and dumplings. Everything was ridiculously tender and delicious. The beans were a tad oniony, but could just be me. The breadrolls are actual yeast rolls made in house which is very impressive because that's a real pain in the tuckus to do- and they did it well. Staff was super friendly and the prices were reasonable as well. Try it, you can come thank me later :)
Just took my nephew to try Reuben's   It was terrible.  The rolls were undercooked , the brisket plate had stringy chopped cold meat   The sides were served in little plastic cups and barely big enough for a mouthful. I have had better bbq in Massachusetts   Save yourself the trouble and keep away from this place. The other revues had to be planted.
I'm honestly not even a huge BBQ person, but this place blows every other BBQ place out of the water. Arvey, the owner, is very personable. She will actually go to your table and have conversation with you. The food is the best I've ever tasted when it comes to BBQ. If you go, you must try the French q. You will not regret it
Amazing simply amazing. Great BBQ, chicken dumplings, and even chocolate cake! Best home cooking I've had in a long time and to top it all off amazing costumer service! Very friendly and happy to help you.  Definitely recommend it
Food was excellent. Brisket perfectly cooked, nice bark. Also shared bacon meatloaf & pulled pork, can't go wrong. Sides & rolls delicious too. Met the owner.  Owner & staff very friendly.
Last night was the third time I've eaten at this wonderful gem of a restaurant tucked next to Dunkin Diamonds on Cleveland Avenue. Basically there are 5 entrees; Brisket, Meatloaf, Pot Roast, Yardbird (a half chicken) and pulled pork. There are seven or eight homemade sides and three desserts. Everything is fresh, nothing is "off the truck" and if you're a carnivore it is THE place. The brisket is my favorite. But last night there were eight of us and even the skeptics (and there are several at our Friday eat out night) found praise, not fault. Besides the food quality, the service, provided by Arvey, the co-owner was not only efficient, but cheerful, down-home and fun! There is limited alcohol, beer and wine. None of us had room for dessert, but we wound up sampling all three of their offerings at the table. The chocolate cake (can't remember the cutesy name) was absolutely the best I've ever eaten anywhere (and I have consumed a lot of chocolate cake over the years). The desserts vanished in a twinkling of the eye and the group (there were 9 of us) universally vowed that no matter what the room left over after dinner Reuben's desserts were mandatory. I ate lunch there on my first visit when I stumbled across this tucked away place. Tough to find parking, but there's plenty in the back. The brisket sandwich I had was as good as there is this side of New York. Give them a try if you're a carnivore. (or even if you're not, you may convert)
Rueben's Catering has expanded to be Rueben's Smokehouse and that is a good thing for anyone that chooses to go there. The food is outstanding, the entire staff of the restaurant gets engaged, from the owner on down, and it brings back the old fashion "down home" personal touch. Our meals were indeed some of the best BBQ we have had in years and the owner came over and if we hadn't tried a certain dish, she brought over a sample. If you like BBQ, put this on your must-do list.
This place was one of the very few restaurants that I've been to that is great at everything they do-all food is fabulous!! Only wish I lived here so I could come all the time!!! Best rolls I've ever had!! And Donald, I live in The Midwest and assure you this review is not planted...
I picked this restaurant for my birthday dinner and it exceeded all expectations.  My husband and I split the rack of ribs, which were meaty, smoky and tender.  The green beans and black beans were very good too, as were the rolls and jam.  I couldn't leave without the bread pudding dessert, it was delightful!  Relaxed atmosphere and great service....we will be back.
