We have been looking for a good pizza in the Cape Coral area for two years now.  There a few fair places.  We like true thin crust that is cooked well done and crispy not too little and gooey with a traditional not too sweat sauce.  Dante's on Pine Island in Cape Coral has perfect pizza.  We have returned to find there other foods great as well, but it's the pizza that will always receive our main attention.  Absolutely fabulous!
Pasta was very good but small portion for this price. Pizza was ok but not more. Spices on the table needed to improve the taste. Location overall good.
Excellent service by every staff member, delicious crust, not too thick, not too thin, fresh ingredients, several signature pizzas, choice of red or white sauce, good beer selection & an added plus, lots of TV screens making it a very enjoyable sports bar. Tuesday (music) & Wednesday & Sunday specials! Nice crowd.
Kismet brought us here to Kyle, an outstanding bartender & PIC (person in charge) at Dante's. He welcomed, he served, he celebrated our trip here, even at 8:40pm on Sunday, Labor Day weekend, 20minutes before closing. Fresh ingredients, and lots of them on our signature pizza "vegetariano", great service and an outstanding tiramisu made it a perfect end to our day. Thanks! PS - great beer too.
Food was good. Service was good but a little slow.  All four of us had dinners. No bread was offered with our dinner. When we asked we were told no it doesn't come with any dinner. An Italian Restaurant usually offers bread with their Lasagna,  some even a small side salad  (which isn't on the menu either)
Food is okay but limited menu options make this place a once in a long while kind of eatery. Really need to add some sides to the menu like side salads and etc. Apparently a rough night since someone made the bean salad with the wrong ingredients. Odd no one noticed over the last two days since I was told it was made then. First pizza was not delivered to the table since it was burnt. Second was pretty dark. Perhaps a bad night but too many food options around here to waste another meal here in the future.
We have been here several times since the first post, and have had great pizzas and.......MEATBALLS!  The pizza is always exceptional.  The meatball app is truly amazing.  We had it tonight for the 5th time and we (the wife and I) just had to post about it.  We simply gave those meatballs no chance at survival.  The ricotta melts on top of 4 perfectly cooked meatballs.  The crusty bread sops up the amazing tomato/ricotta sauce in the botttom of the bowl.  Just go and support this GREAT LOCAL Cape Coral restaurant.
Good italian style pizza. I was suprised by the good quality of the pasta. It was "al dente", not overcooked and a good taste. All in all good food, big portions and good service.
Great pizza but really, update your website with all your pizzas.  We were disappointed to see all the new choices that weren't listed online.  Definitely worth a try.  This is one place we would try again.
Great atmosphere, better service.  Don't come here expecting NY style pizza.  However, the pizza is delicious.  Recommend you give Dante's a try.
This was our first visit to Dante's. We ordered the garlic bread, garlic Parmesan wings and the Carne pizza. The garlic bread is a flat bread with garlic, tomatoes and cheese, very tasty. The Garlic Parmesan wings appeared to be cooked in the coal fired oven as well. Very good I just wish you could combine flavors so I could've had them more spicy. The pizza was awesome, all fresh ingredients and cooked to perfection. This might be a dumb thing to complain about but I thought the iced tea sucked. Tasted like it was out of a soda machine. The service was very good as well. We'll definetly be back!
Craving pizza and we chose this place through the yelp reviews. Thanks yelpers! It was a really good pizza and value. We came on a Wed night and lucked into the $9 make your own pizza. Choose as many toppings as you want. It was delicious. The wings were a surprising treat. The "pizza oven baked" wings had a nice crispy exterior with a nice touch of rosemary. We ordered the Dante's inferno and garlic and Parmesan wings. A great pizza place. Nice atmosphere and good, attentive service too.
Came here with some family after talking about it for a few days. General consensus was that it definitely lived up to our expectations. We had some cheesy garlic bread to start, & it was as tasty as it was beautiful. The pizzas were also great - we ordered the Margherita, the Carne, & the San Danielle. The Margherita was the only one I personally tasted, as I'm a vegetarian, but the Carne was also devoured by the rest of the table. The San Danielle was ordered as it was recommended by our (very friendly, very helpful) waiter, & I was told it was good, although the heavy arugula on top, as well as the "white pizza" aspect, was a bit disarming for some of the members of our party. :p I don't think it was actually bad; I just think it was not what they expected. For dessert, they ordered the cannoli, tiramisu, & bread pudding. All plates were cleaned within seconds. The ambience was nice; it's not super fancy, but it's classy. The music playing is pleasant, & it's cool to be able to watch the pizza chefs work with their ovens from behind the glass barrier. We also had a toddler with us, & she was welcomed & doted on by the staff. She seemed to enjoy herself as well. :) We are definitely glad we came; Dante's is fantastic.
So glad we tried Dante's after reading Yelp reviews.  It's close enough to our home to take advantage of take-out on occasion.  We dined at the restaurant on a Wednesday evening and had an excellent experience.  Our server, Michelle, was the perfect combination of knowledgeable and sincerely friendly, plus skilled and attentive. We shared the garden salad which is definitely big enough for 2 if you're having it in addition to apps and/or pizza.  With the salad we had the 10-piece grilled wings.  Both were tasty and well prepared, although if you're not an olive fan you may want to ask them to hold the olives in the salad - there were a lot!  The salad has just a few ingredients but they were all fresh (love the addition of chick peas) and tossed together with just the right amount of dressing to flavor and coat without making the veggies lose their crispness.  The wings were terrific; a subtle blend of lemon, garlic and rosemary and grilled to perfection, served with sauteed onions on top.  I think they'd be fine without the onions, but the onions do go well with the wedges of flat, focaccia-like bread that rest on the bottom of the service piece. We then shared a piccante pizza and it was a treat!  Spicier than we had expected, which was fine with us, with just enough meat to give it flavor without overwhelming the cheese and delicate, crispy crust.  I can take or leave pizza crust - don't want to fill up on the boring stuff - but I devoured every bit of this one.  The cherry tomato halves really added to the whole pizza, giving you a burst of flavor without an overwhelming volume of tomato product.  Tabletops are loaded with not only crushed red pepper flakes and pecorino for shaking, but also garlic powder and oregano.  We didn't think our pie needed any further enhancement but it's nice to have the option. Nice decor inside; we loved all the coordinating lighting fixtures.  From our seats in the bar side we could see the pizza makers tossing dough around and taking things from the oven.  Didn't check out the restrooms but our dining area was spotless and seating spacious. The place was hopping by the time we left.  Definitely going back.
While on vacation in Fort Myers, we were eager to try Dante's because of the solid 5 star reviews. We came in (6 of us) for dinner on a Sunday evening, around 5:30, and were promptly seated. Our service throughout the meal was swift and courteous. The pizza itself was quite good. I was very appreciative of the fact that the thin crust was perfectly crispy - I always hate it when a good pizza is ruined by a suddenly-soggy crust. The toppings were plentiful. My brother-in-law's margherita pizza was absolutely delicious despite looking deceptively simple. Hubby and I built our own choosing from the yummy toppings available (which are $2 each, but if you just want a certain topping on half the pie, it's $1). There is a decent selection of wines and beers (and house wines are only $5). I did feel like the prices were steep for a strip-mall-esque pizza place. These are prices comparable to what we'd pay in DC.
This place is awesome! It made our date night! The wings were very good, nicely seasoned. We had the margarita pizza, it was very light and cheesy! Can't wait to come back and try more menu items. Have to have the tiramisu!!! You won't regret it!
My two small daughters and I moved to Cape Coral in September and we are still looking around the area for good restaurants and such. We happened upon Dantes because the two other pizza places we stopped at were very crowded.  We were very fortunate. The staff very friendly and attentive, the food was awesome (chicken wings, pizza, and Italian grinder).  Keep in mind, it is not the ordinary pizza joint food that we are use to.  This is damned near fine dining. My daughters, who are 8 and 9 y/o, tell me we will be back. So there :)
I finally had the pleasure of dining in at Dante's tonight. I've had carry out and cold leftovers from my roommate a good handful of times before, but never the chance to eat in. Service was fast and friendly, including the hostess who seemed to actually like her job unless most other people in her position. I'm a huge fan of Dante's wings. They are not traditional buffalo wings, but instead seasoned with herbs and caramelized onions. I also tried the antipasto plate tonight and would highly recommend it. Good portions of meats, cheeses and veggies for $12. I like to build my own pizza and add Italian sausage, sweet red peppers and ricotta cheese. I really don't have anything bad to say about Dante's. The venue is on the smaller side, but carry out times are pretty quick and efficient. I see some people complaining about prices, but tonight 3 adults shared the wings, antipasto plate and a large pizza for under $50, including a glass of wine. And we took home leftovers. So there's that :)
I've had coal-fired pizzas from coast to coast, and there may be other coal-fired pizza places in the area, but you can't beat Dante's. Service was on par with a slammin' night in any restaurant. That is to say, slightly slow, but definitely understandable, given that everything is made to order. Fresh ingredients, and they'll bend over backwards to make sure you get a quality meal the way you want it. The great pizza and the cool industrial atmosphere will keep me coming back.
We were in the mood for good pizza, something we haven't often found in the area.  We consulted Yelp and Dante's stood out.  The previous reviews were spot on.  Clean and well lit, the hardwood tables were inviting.  The restaurant didn't have the smell of old pizza that so many do.  Fresh and neat.   We were seated immediately.  Our waitress was friendly and efficient.  She checked in with us regularly to be sure our needs were met and that we were happy with the pizza.  We were.  The crust, thin and crispy and the toppings plentiful.  Great tasting tomato sauce and cheese.  Fast and hot.  Dante's also had a nice assortment of beers on tap to match the good pizza.  We'll definitely be back.  Best pizza I've had in Florida.
This was our second visit to Dantes pizza in Cape Coral. And sadly our second visit wasn't any better than our first. On our first visit we were disappointed with the quality and speed of service. However with both my wife and myself having been in the service industry for many years, we understood it was a new restaurant opening and it was a very busy night. Our thoughts on our first trip could be summed up in 4 words: good pizza terrible service! We decided to give Dante's another try today. Having just finished a 12 week diet and training for a fitness competition,  I was dying for some good pizza. When we arrived at Dante's, we seem to be the first patrons of the day but were warmly greeted at the door by a friendly hostess. She seated us in a booth and told us that Randy would be our server and he would be right with us. Once Randy finally came to the table we were prepared to order both drinks and pizza. As I said it had been 12 weeks since I had eaten anything other then grilled chicken and vegetables. We ordered two pizzas one small cheese pizza for children and one large veggie pizza for myself and my wife. The pizzas came out and they looked delicious well at least the top of the pie. Unfortunately the bottom crust of both pizzas were charred beyond belief. I have attached a photo to their page if you wish to see what it looked like. It looked like it was the charcoal for their coal firing process. Having been in the pizza business myself for many years I quickly identify the issue, the ovens had not been cleaned and the fresh pizza had been baked on top of last nights burnt flour. When I asked our waiter about this and asked him if he could remake the pizzas he told us that that is how Coal-fired pizza is supposed to be. When I told him I would like him to remake the pizza he rolled his eyes grab the pizza and went to the back to speak to the pizza cook. As the waiter was speaking to the pizza cook I overheard the pizza chef say to him this is how Coalfire pizza is supposed to look. You can be the judge of this for yourself like I said I have attached a picture of the pizza to their page the photo is there it is black as coal. When the new pizza arrived at the table it was perfectly cooked and delicious. But issues with food and restaurants happen right, I understand that. To add to all of this, both my wife and my drinks were empty when he took back the incorrectly cooked pizza and still remained empty when he returned with the new remade pizza and he never bothered to ask whether we needed refills. I had to actually flag him down as he was speaking with a young lady and the bartender at the bar and get him to come over to refill my drink. I did mention that we were one of only three tables in the entire restaurant at this time right? My biggest complaint was that when I asked to speak with a manager there was not one available to speak too. It seems as though the manager of this restaurant does not come in until 3 PM. Even though the restaurant opens at 11 o'clock. What business operates without a manager while they're open? I am not a big fan of leaving negative reviews on social media. But when there is no manager to speak to you at the location it leaves one with no option for an outlet. So my recommendation would be if you want quality service and quality food go someplace else.
Great service. Awesome atmosphere. We started off the with the meatball appetizer which did not disappoint. It's a healthy portion of four meatballs, a dollop of ricotta and 2 slices of focaccia bread. We each chose individual pizzas. Absolutely amazing. Seriously. This is not your run of the mill pizza place. You get what you pay for and at Dante's you get all kinds of pizza goodness. Gourmet, perfectly distributed cheese and sauce goodness. The crust is nothing short of perfection. Side note, there is no liquor but the beer and wine choices are extensive.
I love pizza and I am picky.  This place is great. If you like sauce that drowns out crummy ingredients, skip my review and move on.   The ingredients are fresh. The sauce is there to just give a little taste.  The pizza is thin and has a great crisp.  Eat it hot!   I ordered a small deluxe and had plenty left over.  Also ordered the wings. They are delicious too!  Highly recommend and hope pizza places notice and adjust.
Love Dante's pizza for the nights my family gets bored with regular take out pizza and wants more of a dinner out experience. The mediterranean salad is fantastic and pizza is yummy. The restaurant is clean and servers are always friendly.  There are a lot of pizza places in Cape Coral, but Dante's is my family's favorite.
Loved it! My wife and I had a margarita pizza. It was fantastic! Service was excellent. We were so full we had to waddle out of the restaurant! I would definitely go back again! Thanks Dante's!
This is from a family point of view! The pizza was really really good!! They do not have kids menus! They don't really have appetizers that you couldn't get to kids.. Even their cheese bread is very grown-up.. And the cost of the small pizza is like $10. Would we go back yes.. Because it's excellent pizza.. But we'd only be doing takeout.. And that's the feeling we had is that they really didn't want kids in the restaurants.
Not good services .
Read great reviews and decided to give them a try---and was not the least bit disappointed!!! Candle was quick to take my order with a smile and bring my beverage, and before I knew it , my pizza was at my table and piping hot!  It was probably  one of the best pizzas I have ever had--crisp crust, cheezy and lots of mushrooms! My server came by several times  to be sure I had everything I needed.  All in all, a wonderful experience and a delicious meal!!!
I am in the Fort Myers/Sanibel area for work from Minnesota, I decided to try Dante's based on other yelp reviews, so I thought based on the review I was willing to give it a shot and I had my expectations set very high as I was driving 40 minutes one-way. Well Dante's did not disappoint me! I got the Carne and it was and excellent pizza!!  I would definitely go back again!  Any chance you can open up another location say the Twin Cities area in Minnesota?   Great job guys!!
This is a great pizza place, a real original. The coal oven's heat cooks the pizza to be both crispy and chewy. It really is a cut above all other pizza places, not just in Cape Coral, but anywhere. Service was great too.
First time here,  the food was really tasty. We got the Carne specialty pizza, which was good but the Caprese salad was the highlight of our meal. The fresh mozzarella was great and just the right amount of balsamic. Would come back again for the salads and to try the sandwiches.
Pizza, beer and good customer service. The restaurant is clean. They have a bar area. If needed, they can accommodate large parties. This is a good place to come and hang out with friends or family. I'm a New Yorker... So I take my pizza seriously. Not a New York pizza, but the pizza is good and made to order. They also have a few other items on the menu, but it is mostly a pizza and beer joint.
About the best darn pizza we've had!  Went on a Monday to try it out.  It was the best thing we could do! There wasn't a wait to get in and service was perfect.  Our server was prompt and couldn't have been more helpful.   Our pizza came to us within minutes and was perfectly cooked and OH, so tasty!!  It was not like eating a "fast food" pizza..... it was a meal!!  You know we'll be back!
We have been several times and have never been disappointed!!  Chicken wings are thes best in town!!  Their signature pizzas are unique and very delish!!
So very good. Carne pizza, wings, and the beavertail dessert pizza- all amazing, and great service. We will be back again & again.
There is a reason you see all the 5 star reviews for this place. It's simply a wonderful place. Delicious pizza, delicious salad, delicious garlic and cheese bread. The servers are the best.Their Carne (meat toppings pizza) may be the best pizza I have ever had in my life. If you live in Cape Coral or if you are passing through, it is a must try!!!!!
No kids menu, no side salads ...only salads for 2? Pizza was ok but out of one of the main ingredients for the pizza? Waiter forgot to bring an ordered drink to table (less than 5 tables in whole restaurant? Limited menu ... Limited future visits.
We loved it all ! Service, atmosphere and great coal fired pizza and wings... We will be back and if you haven't been there yet YOU need too!!
Been back for trips 2-3-4 and the place does not disappoint. We did have somewhat slow food delivery on one trip, but they explained the issue and apologized without us needing to ask or point it out. Couple more notes, the salads are a bit overpriced in comparison to other parts of the menu given that none of them come with a protein. Personal salads without meat should be priced a tad lower than a sandwich with a small green salad. The salads do have quality fresh ingredients but it would be nice to see a meaty version on the menu. Take a ride over to Papa Joe's for some inspiration. The sausage sandwich was excellent. Wouldn't mind seeing a starch come along with it but the side green salad is satisfactory. Still an exceptional Cape Coral restaurant.
Fantastic pizza. My father and I ate here just after its opening, and we were impressed by the wonderful pizza and the great service. Service was excellent, especially for being brand new. One possible negative for some is the noise. Half the place is a bar, and the noise carries over into the dining room. Don't let that deter you from trying this great new place.
Um how do you say yum in every language? Delicious!!! And the bartender Let us call her by the wrong name!
My husband and I decided to try this restaurant after reading the reviews son Yielp and was it a good choice !  The food is great and I highly recommend the meat ball appetizers (polpete).  Unreal !  The pizza is crunchy and cooked to perfection.  The menu is simple, there is a basic tomato sauce or white pizza (including cheese of course) and each topping is $2.  Small, medium and large.  Very affordable.  A must try.  They seem to have expanded the restaurant and it's now twice the size.  Great service and very attentive servers.
Moving  to Florida 15 years ago from NJ, one of the first things we discovered was that we missed being able to find a pizza that even came close to what we were used to.  I finally started making my own home made pizza as a last resort.  The other day we were looking for a place to have lunch and stumbled upon Dante's Coal Fired Pizza and decided to give it a try.  What a wonderful experience.  The pizza surpassed our expectations.  To have a choice between a white pie or a regular tomato pie was a nice plus.  Although the menu was limited to just pie's and I believe some chicken wing assortment I feel that they should try their hand at some other options such as calzones and add broccoli to their menu of add-ons to the pizza menu.  Hands down if you want pizza this is the place to try; you won't be disappointed.
Pizza was really good. We got the white pizza with prosciutto. The wings are excellent.
Stopped at Dantes for lunch had an antipasto and a mushroom and pepperoni pie.. Anti pasta was delicious perfect amount of dressing. Pizza was likewise delicious with a smoky flavor and perfect crust. . Lucy is the best if my wife wasn't with me I would have asked her to marry me. In the land of Southwest Florida where good pizza is hard to find this place is a gem and I'm glad there's no gluten free or children's menu.
Love trying a new place. Not your typical pizza place... BETTER! The atmosphere was great.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. The wings were AMAZING!  The pizza was one of the best I'd ever had.  If you haven't been there yet, please go.  You'll be so glad you did!
Had lunch to go today from Dante's and it was so delicious!  The antipasto was hands down, the best that we have ever enjoyed.  Can't wait to go back and try another pizza!
Delicious pizza, salads, desserts!!!  Very friendly, wonderful service!!!
First visit to Dante's tonight, on close friend's recommendation.  They had us at the salad.  We ordered a Caprese, very non-traditional in it's appearance.  Generous bed of Arugula (ample for sharing), sprinkled with caramelized red onion, sweet cherry tomato halves, fresh mozzarella, and a balsamic reduction - fantastic!  We also shared a pie, one half was their vegetarian style, the other a white featuring pancetta & bacon.  Both were delicious.  Attentive, very professional staff.  Food arrived quickly.  Good wine selection as well.  We will most definitely return!
Tried Dante's for the first time tonight & this is hands down the best pizza in the Cape, Sauce was just the right amount & tomatoey. The crust had nice flavor & perfect char from coal oven. Definitely my new "go to" pizza place! Gonna give Grimaldis in FM a little competition!
On this coast there's not a better pizza. The chicken wings are amazing. The servers are attentive to all your needs
Today we stopped for lunch at Dante's.  This was our second trip and I must say again everything was just wonderful.  Today we had the wings.  They were so yummy they are not fried, they are roasted in the coal fired oven and simply delicious.  We also tried the Vegetariano Pizza....WOW....WONDERFUL.  I so recommend this place.  I plan on visiting this place often.
Was back at Dante's again last night, this time to celebrate my birthday. I brought my family and we had a wonderful time. Thank you to the Staff at Dante's for being so accommodating. Great service and as always delicious, fresh food. Give this place a try, you will not be disappointed.
