This place has a good atmosphere and a great selection of cigars and single malt. Our bartender, Mia, was fantastic at her job and very attentive. She made everyone feel like they were her only customer. I definitely will be coming back when my travels bring me back through Fort Myers.
Rustic charm that actually fits the local! Great cigar selection, helpful staff, good beer list, not too loud, the list goes on. Probably one of my favorite spots downtown.
Noisy, smoky, comfortable bar. A might expensive on their cocktails.  The place has a certain rustic charm. But with all the choices and me not being a smoker, I'll pass.
So, you're looking for a place to smoke cigars and drink beer in down-town Fort Myers. Well the this is the place to go. Great cigar selection, very knowledgeable help. Since they serve booze, the first question we got was..."What are you drinking?" Based upon our response, he narrowed down the choices to help me pick out the perfect cigar to go with my beer. *I know a little bit about cigars, and it wasn't the most expensive, or one of the common brands. TIP/Suggestion: Get your drink first...for this exact reason. Good beer selection (Dogfishhead 90min IPA on tap!!!!) and great cigar selection. The bar itself is really nice on the inside and set up in the typical cigar-bar feel. Big, nice comfortable couches and chairs. Overall very impressed with the inside of the bar.   We actually sat outside because of how nice it was on Saturday, but that's besides the point. I'll mention the next point because it was mentioned in a few reviews. Question: Was it smoky inside? Answer: OF COURSE it was smoky inside...it's a cigar bar. If you couldn't smoke in a cigar bar then it wouldn't be a cigar bar.   If I had one suggestion would be to open the back-door so there outdoor seating in the court-yard in the back. The morgan house had a great band that night and we would have loved to be able to listen to them which having a cigar and a beer outside. As opposed to listening to the dudes driving thier bikes up and down the strip. Overall, nice place. When we go back to Fort Myers, we'll definitely be back.
Was there last night after surf and song festival in Fort  Myers.  Bon Jovi bass player [agreed]= to perform a few songs at Cigar Bar after the charity concert. OK Life is good! Ordered a beer.  Two sips into into it.... manager yells at bartender loudly to throw all patron drinks on bar away  - and we were all kicked out.  No last call, no warning . The beer I paid for was taken and thrown away by a perplexed looking bartender and everyone was kicked out..everyone but a select few. I guess they had to create a VIP environment for Hugh right then and there. Hey manager guy... At least let me finish my beer and WARN me that its last call. I paid for that beer!  My advice - if someone remotely famous is there... Hold on your drink or drink fast! The  pecking order that night will determine your worthiness as a patron.
I am in the process of moving to Fort Myers.  I love the beach and the wildlife but as it is moving to a new area I started to wonder if I would love any of the watering holes.   The Cigar Bar is what I look for in a bar.  It's dark, comfortable, people are friendly without being overbearing and somehow it's still legal to smoke inside.  The bartender helped pick out a good cigar for my wife and she poured a pint of Guinness the way it was meant to be. It's a very laid back atmosphere where music plays at a volume low enough to still have a conversation without screaming.  They offer a fully stocked bar and a walk-in humidor.  It has the qualities of a quiet dive without being filthy.  This is it.  This is the bar I'll be frequenting.
As stated before, it's very smokey.... I state that only as a warning, not as a negative review. It's a nice, relaxed spot. There are stools at the bar, a couple of tall tables with stools and then a few leather couches and armchairs. There's a cigar shop in the bar and the guys working are very knowledgeable. If you find a cigar you like, ask the bartender and they'll recommend a drink that will compliment it.
If you a spot to chill, from all the sports bars in the area, then check out the Cigar Bar. It's atmosphere is relaxed with a decently  stocked bar, large leather couches, and a knowledgable tobacconist. The crowd was a good mix which was great to see in Ft. Myers. We tried the other bars in the area, but ended the night at the Cigar Bar.
I've been frequenting this establishment -- along with many other people I know -- for years and years. I do have family behind the bar, so perhaps I'm a bit biased... though I was a patron here long before then. :) It is a classic establishment in the area. You can't be from Fort Myers without knowing the Cigar Bar. :) With that said, Andy S. summed it up well -- the Cigar Bar is a dark and comfortable place with the feel of a dive bar... but without the smell of urine and dirty bar rags as so many dive bars in the area have. ;)
Went to Cigar Bar Live with a group of 10 people on ZombiCon, as everyone was hot and wanted a drink in a place where there was air conditioning and fans. Thinking it was going to be an insane time to order a drink, I found a large spot in front of the bar to order (another man walked up right after me and together we stood at the bar). As the blonde bartender with short hair was standing in front of me, I asked if they had any drink specials or a happy hour. She rudely replied that they "Don't do drink specials". I then asked, "Okay, how much is a wells." The bartender looked at me, made a face, and then turned around. The man on the side of me laughed and said, "Wow, that was a good answer." Confused I asked him if she replied and maybe I missed it (giving her the benefit of a doubt she wasn't a bitch), and he said no. I've worked mainly in the restaurant industry and can easily say this was TERRIBLE representation on account of Cigar Bar Live Downtown. I returned to a wide-eyed group who was waiting for my answer by the pool table and after telling them about my LOVELY experience with the bartender, we ALL decided to leave and give our business to a different bar down the road that was MORE than happy to do their job and answer a patrons question.
This is my spot in downtown Fort Myers. Nothing relaxes me like settling into one of their couches with my wife, favorite cigar and beer/whiskey. Live music next door also so if Superbot (incredible local band, make it a point to see them soon!) happens to be playing that night it's a good bet we'll be there until last call. The only other place I'd rather be if I'm out is the one at the Town Center. It's a little bigger. Nothing beats the Cigar Bar.
Has good live music but very smoky, small and little place to sit, no service
Very Smokey. But its a cigar bar. Lol. I went for Minday night Free poker was invited by friends lots of fun. Lots of Bar Specials. Great Juke Box with a Good mix of music. large pool Tables and they have Live Bands and right across the street from plenty of clubs if u want a change of pace. Happy clubbing.
This place has the atmosphere I look for in a smaller bar. Very comfy couches, good people and conversation. Music is not blaringly loud and there are no toothless drunks sitting about. Smoking of course is still permitted inside. Ive been twice and will continue to stop in...
