Went here with a friend and had wine and appetizers.  The food was really good and was nice sitting in the back outside.  The staff were excellent and attentive.  I would come back here again.
I've been here probably a dozen times, and I don't get the hype. The drinks are overpriced and it usually takes forever to get served. The outdoor seating is nice, but most of the time the service is even worse outside. It often draws an older crowd, and they'll take up all the seats at the bar making it borderline impossible to get a drink. They used to put out free food during happy hour, which made it worthwhile, but they seem to have ended that without improving anything else. They do often have a good beer selection.
Spirit of Bacchus is my FAVORITE bar in Downtown Fort Myers. Great ambiance (inside and out) Great staff. Great drinks! They even have live music some nights.
The food is diverse. You can have some tapas or you can have some dinner. The ambience is great. You have some flat screen TV's to watch sports if you want. There is outside seating as well. They do have some live music sometimes. Have some fun, have a snack, enjoy life
Well first time here and I can't really rate it on anything but the service. And it gets a 1 because we got ignored for 15 minutes so we left. Waitress went by a few times but no acknowledgement, since we were ready for a drink and food we left. I'll give it another shot one day...
Excellant atmosphere and pretty good tapas! Would definately be 4 + star if not for the service. Dominick, our bartender / server was a little too prone to hob knob with the guest than do his job attentatively.
We heard this place was good for Tapas and they were OK, nothing too special. What makes this a 1 star review is the horribly slow service and messed up orders after the Tapas.  A small group of us wanted to grab a meal, so we had Tapas and ordered some salads/sandwiches after.  After 45 minutes the Tapas came out, and then an hour after that our sandwiches came out.  I didn't get the right order and the fish was seasoned to death!  The salads were drenched in dressing even when they were asked to have it on the side.
Ended up there twice on our weekend in Fort Myers. Great little gastropub hidden in a corner of downtown Fort Myers. Atmosphere was nice inside and out. Good beer and wine list. Menu was short, but everything we orders was really good. The mahi mahi tacos were very good. Great happy hour includes free hors d'oeuvres. All in all, my favorite spot in downtown Fort Myers. Cool bar, good service, good food and drink.
During my recent visit to Ft Myers, Spirits of Bacchus has to be the best place I visited in the downtown area.  First of all, it has more of a laid back gastropub atmosphere which is a nice change from a lot of the other dives you'll find on surrounding blocks.  Food and drink is priced reasonably and menu has a little bit of everything.  $4 for a huge (and I mean huge) plate of fries is quite a steal as well as $3 bud lights.  $6 shots of Jameson isn't bad either, but I was a bit confused at the shot prices vs. $8 for a glass of wine.  Oh well, I'll take what I can get.   Great little spot for dinner or drinks (or both!).  Being here made me feel like I was someplace trendy in the big city instead of in sleepy little Ft. Myers.
Sometimes on a Thursday night I want to go out with a few friends, have some Tapas and drink a few beers as the sun sets. When I want to do just that, I come to Bacchus. The hummus, spinach dip and the cheese plate are all delicious and the friends I go with love to order the crab cakes and the ahi nachos. The hummus is super fresh and comes with both chips and pita wedges. It's tasty and filling, and priced at about $7. The $11 cheese plate comes with four or five varieties on a big platter and is enough to share. I always sit outside and yes, the service can be slooow. There's one person working the bar and waiting tables. It can be frustrating, but as long as you're not rude, they take good care of you. They've recently come up with the incredible idea of having runners go to the tables instead of making servers/bartenders hustle back and forth between kitchen and client. Genius, I tell you, pure GENIUS. I don't go inside because it gets crowded and noisy (and snobby) but the little patio has plenty of room to hang out on. Sometimes there's live music outside (weekend nights, art walk and music walk) and it's usually good.
My husband and I have been here twice and we love it.  It's so cozy and inviting inside, not your regular "bar" feel at all.  I ordered a margarita on the rocks both times I've been here and wow...the best I've ever had.  Many times ordering Margarita's on the rocks I get more mix than tequila, which was not the case here at all.   Our second time here tonight, we ordered the Irish Nacho's (fries with bacon and cheese on top) and they were so good.  We wiped out the entire plate!  I look forward to coming again.
If you want cool atmosphere, great staff, and delicious food make sure you stop here. I live a block away and smile every night I see their torches burning outside the main door to the patio seating area. M-S they are open and as a local it doesn't get any better than a place that is reliable to the community. Bacchus is also great for parties and business gatherings. I hosted my sisters bridal shower here and not only was it a fresh take on a normal party they opened later on a Sunday to accomdate our guests from out of town! AWESOME PLACE!
A great downtown bar. Two big screens, but far from a sports bar. Great tapas menu, and decent beer selection. The crowd was full of twenty somethings, so just know that going in. Bar staff was friendly, although a little harried. They knew the menu well. Worth a visit when doing the downtown scene.
Crappy service and always seem to be too much of a hassle to take care of their customers. Time to get a new staff!
Okay place, staff not too friendly.  Bartender kept my credit card as my "tab" which I wasn't comfortable with but guess had no choice. only good thing, ambience was good and outdoor seating area was really pretty.
Frozen calamari just rings. About a tbs of sediment in my Malbec.  Poor service at bar. No good happy hour specials.
I am so upset with my experience at this place so much so that I created a Yelp account just so I could write a complaint! This was not only my first time at Spirits of Bacchus, but also my first time in Florida.  I came to visit my brother this week and since it is Friday night, we decided to go grab a drink in downtown Fort Myers--we drove by this place and it looked like a cozy atmosphere and good time.  Had it not been for the bitchy bartender, we would have loved this place. I have never in my life felt completely invisible!  My brother and I walked in and were literally sitting at the bar for 25 MINUTES while the bitch behind the counter serviced EVERYONE else but us.  She walked by us plenty of times, was even standing right in front of us, but she completely neglected to acknowledge that we even existed.  I could understand the wait if the place was busy, but there were only about 6 other people in the entire place!  We were so annoyed and felt completely unwelcome, that we decided to get up and leave. I am from San Francisco, and of all the places I have gone out to, I have NEVER EVER been completely ignored like I was at this place!  The service is horrible!  Maybe that's why there were less than 10 people there on a Friday night.   I do not live here in Fort Myers, but I advise the people that do to not waste their time.  And as for the bitchy bartender, I advise you to get out of the service industry if you insist on ignoring customers.
The Bar is ran by Ben. He's always attentive and knows just about everyone's name and drink. Bacchus is usually the place Downtown professionals go to have a drink and meet with friends. Every Friday they have free tapas and drink specials from 5 p.m.- 8 p.m. The inside area is medium lit with sofas and comfortable chairs. Bacchus has an enormous projector TV that is usually on a sports channel and a smaller LCD above the main bar. The outside patio is nice, but I wish they had a TV outside. Their menu is different than most bars.  The best items are the seared tuna, the nachos and the hummus with freshly made chips. Trust me when I say that the chips are never enough. The Good: Attentive bartender. Great Atmosphere. Upscale bar with a good professional crowd. The Bad: A little more expensive than the surrounding bars. Limited beers on tap.
Haven't been here in over a year, but it will be my regular haunt once I move back to Florida.  My girlfriend and I went and were able to have a few glasses of wine and great conversation in a place that was simultaneously quiet enough for us to hear each other, yet lively and interesting enough to enjoy looking around and taking it all in.  The wine was great and the exposed brick and warm lighting were perfect.  The service was perfect: attentive but not overbearing.  Cool but not snotty.  All in all a great location.  I highly recommend it.
Will not be coming back to this place. Most horrible service I've ever experienced!!!!  Server signed when we asked her to wipe down the table.  No silverware!  No napkins!!! Where is the manager?  Owner???  Countless of people came in, sat down, and since there was NO service, got up and left.  Saw this happen quite a few times as we sat there waiting on our food.  Half of our food order was wrong.   On a super busy weekend, with art show going on?!!! Unacceptable!!!!!!
I love this place! Great wine and beer selection and also lots of hard to find beers. I have been here a few times and I had the cheese tray, the Bacchus sandwich and both were excellent. Great atmosphere and great service. Love the comfy, dark decor. Very cozy.
Has always been one of my favorite bars when I lived here. Unfortunately, Ft Myers ppl only go to whatever the hot spot of the week is. Go to Bacchus...grab a wine and lounge in the couch...
I was there during the April 2011 saturday music event and I loved the drinks and music!! I can't tell how their food is... but I can recommend this place as a good, cosy bar!
Classy lounge with a damn good cook in the back who does not cook bar food, rather a more specialized menu.  I have spent more than my share of time watching a game while stranded in Ft Myers for work and sipping on a vodka and tonic or glass of wine at the end of the day.  I once found myself throwing football with Ben out in the street at midnight.  I would patronize this bar if i was the only one sitting in the house.  Most often it gets busy during Happy Hour, but that also sometimes carries over into the evening.  At times, when certain folks are not around the service is sketchy, but i simply tip very well, make sure they remember me and then upon my return have found that the service was much better.
Has a cool looking outdoor bar space but the food is mediocre and the service is apathetic. I was in town for a 7 week gig and was charged 4 different amounts for the same drink in as many visits. Not cool. The bartenders were aloof when confronted with this. Leaving a better than average tip, despite anyone deserving one, made no subsequent difference in treatment.  All this being said, I had a good time there but only because the people I was with were great.
I love Bacchus!!! Great bar staff, Ben and Dominic are knowledgeable and can always make you smile, they treat you like you are part of the family. Great music, outdoor seating, private parking lot, full bar, delicious gastropub style food. If you want a place that is trendy yet not trashy Bacchus is the way to go, from great wine to craft beer, this is the place I choose to start and end my night.
My fav when I am in town The bartender rocks after my second time I was there he remembered what I drank. Foods ok but I don't go there for the food.
Man this place gets better every time I go...had a few decent beers, met some interesting people, and enjoyed the service by our friendly bartender.
Best bar in downtown Fort Myers, maybe even in all of Fort Myers.  Great relaxed atmosphere, not noisy and crowded usually.  Staff is always courteous.
Great atmosphere, stong pours, and a really good ham sandwich.  Stop by and say hey to Ben.  He will take care of you.
