Always a great place to eat.  We had a great time for my 30th Birthday.  Service was great as well.
Late review, but better than nothing :D My boyfriend took me here for date night!!! I loved this place!!! Don't remember who was our waitress :/ my bad. But, we were seated upstairs ... Totally quiet and intimate :) I can't express how much I love this place! Didn't think I would since I haven't don't much fondue eating :| I don't remember what we ordered tho :/ I did remember to take a few pics .... I would def come back ... Wonder if we have one in Hawaii 0.o
Can't wait to see the remodel, not that you needed it. I love the fondue and entire experience! Time to come Check out the new look of your restaurant and enjoy a chocolate fondue!
We had the four course menu.  Started with Wisconsin blend cheese fondue.  Next course was the California salad.  For the entree, we decided to mix it up a bit.  I had the Pacific rim, while my wife had The surf and turf.  Since this was my first time and milk chocolate is my favorite, we chose the milk chocolate.  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  The food was fresh and of the highest quality.  While I believe the food was well worth it, this was very pricy, and will be reserved for special occasions.
I've been twice to this location after the one in Naples closed awhile back. Although it's quite a drive, the food and experience itself make it totally worth it. The servers we had were extremely accommodating to whatever we needed and super friendly through all the courses. It is truly something you must experience at least once. If I lived closer and/or had the money, I would be here all the time.
This chocoholic was super happy to finally find a peanut allergy friendly place for desserts.  Very friendly waiter.  Great food presentation.  Can't go wrong.
This place is amazing! This is the perfect place to take your significant other out on a special night. The lighting is sexy, the food is amazing (and there is a LOT of it!), and the price is fair... you are pretty much guaranteed a great experience here. And come on, it's fondue!! Interactive food is the best! Totally makes for great conversation. In fact, we stopped calling it FONdue and started calling it FUNdue. :)
I really couldn't say if this was an expensive place I'm sure it is, when I went it was all paid for. The service was excellent! This is a wonderful place to go for any type of date whether it's your first or you want something fun to do. This is also a good place to go for as a family reunion. There were also kids here too, however i wouldn't recommend taking kids unless you're fine with them playing with effin hot pots and hot food. I'll will say this place is not loud at all. If you are considering dining here I warn you the experience here will exceed 2-3 hours as I arrive there at 7 and left at 10pm. It is not a quick in and out. They have a lot on their menu. They mix the cheese dips for you in front of you, same for the liquid to cook your food in, and the chocolate for dessert. If you like caramel and chocolate go for the turtle chocolate they have(: considering it was my first time here and I missed the beginning portion of the conversation, you do cook your own food here in the pots (refer to the photos I have taken). They serve you raw food all pretty on your plate and it's up to you to cook it. The waitresses and waiters change their names often so who knows if what they tell you is their real name. All in all this was fun, it's relaxing and really allows you to sit back and chat. I thought this place just had chocolate btw- yeah I was WRONG.
Love this place! Went with friends and their baby, did not have a reservation, I was worried we would not be able to eat here, but the hostess was very kind, she found a large but accommodating table for us! We got very lucky on this trip, I can't believe I forgot to make reservations but I'll remember for next time, because we will definitely be back! The manager was super nice, very friendly! Our server, Cameron was AMAZING! He was very patient with us and explained everything on the menu in detail. His "favorites" really helped us with our dinner selection and everything was exactly as he described! I wish more servers were honest about what has the best/complimenting flavors to more mild flavors. Our friends had never had fondue before and they loved it as well! The dim lighting really makes the setting more intimate and made us lose track of time (in a good way!) we had so much time to chat and catch up with our friends and never felt rushed. You would never guess that there are so many other people in the restaurant, it's so quiet and relaxing, you'd think you had the whole place to yourself! I'm getting gift cards for my friends for future visits! Thank you!
My first fondue dinner experience left me anxious to try again.  We had the four couse - swiss cheese fondue, house salad, land/sea and french quarter entree, and white & milk chocolate fondue dessert.  We were very full at the end - we should have had a light lunch or left dessert for the next visit.
One of my favorite restaurants in Ft. Myers.  Spectacular food and great service.  If you are impatient, or want a cheap meal, this is not the place for you.  If you love to take your time, eat several courses and savor your meal, go to The Melting Pot.
My wife and I LOVE this place! We go here for our anniversary every year at least and try to go more often.
