We live very close to this restaurant, so we eat there occasionally despite past disappointments. Tonight a 2-for-one coupon lured us back in.  The dinner menu is a very short 1-page.  My first choice was "Steak Frites" at $14.99 but was advised that the price was now $16.99.  I settled on the "full rack of ribs" at $16.99, and my wife chose roasted 1/2 chicken at $13.99.  No bread or salads were included in the price.  When the meals came 25 minutes later, my "full rack of ribs" consisted of 6 bones (standard rack is 13 bones).  I questioned this, & after checking the waitress said the portion was correct.  HUH!  Both meals tasted good, but not great; and the service was mediocre at best.  Guess we will avoid this place for another 6 months & maybe try again.
When someone says, "It's a country club, and on Wednesdays it's ladies night so girls drink for free and it's all young people!" figure out if it's a PUBLIC or a PRIVATE country club. THERE IS A DIFFERENCE. The words "Country Club" inspire thoughts of white linens on top of reception tables, with glasses of wine in hand while young men and women peruse around and there's light jazz in the background. This was absurd. The food was terrible. The service was abysmal, with our bizarro world Rico Suave trying to act like Ricky Martin taking our menus off the table but looking more like he was snatching it with an attitude...oh and then acting like Houdini because he did a really great disappearing act when we actually needed something. Plus, the (awful) music was so loud I could hardly think straight. Add the fact that apparently my dad's idea of "young" is "40 with children," and you have what I like to call a major disappointment. I left with a bad taste in my mouth, but maybe that was because of the well brand they used in my vodka tonic. It doesn't actually mean it's supposed to come from a well! It's just supposed to be cheaper, not make your customers sick! Oh well, they served it in what I can only described as a thimble anyway, so it didn't hurt TOO much. Yelp is asking me which nights are the "Best Nights." How about no nights. None of them. I check none.
The food was actually good, but the adventure was with the service... For a slow Saturday night, our server checked on us very infrequently. He stopped by infrequently enough to stretch what should have been a one our meal into two hours. His third visit was when we asked for dessert. He then disappeared for nearly half an hour. We were dining on a Groupon, and were astonished when the check arrived with the glaring inaccuracy that there were 6 people in our party. There were five of us. Also, a 20% gratuity was added automatically. When we asked about both of these points, the waiter initially said it was the Groupon's  policy to add a mandatory 20% gratuity. We then insisted on speaking with the manger. The waiter then disappeared for a while longer (maybe the better part of 10 minutes) and returned without the manager after huddling around the register with a group of servers.   This time, the story had changed: it was actually a store policy, and not Groupon's policy. He informed us that he had overruled store policy and stricken the gratuity from the check. It was hard not to feel that perhaps we were getting worked to assure our waiter of a good tip which, trust me, he certainly did NOT earn. A subsequent call with the manager the following day revealed that it is their policy to build in an automatic 20% tip for any party using a coupon/Groupon, etc. while the waiter did strike it from the check as requested (and per their training), I believe we got inferior service due to the fact that the waiter was aware that we had the Groupon for  the moment we sat down - therefore being certain that he'd be guaranteed a great tip no matter what. Honestly, I'd say to just stay away from this place if you are using a coupon. If you choose to go, don't let them know up front that you have one. You may get better service that way.
I attended a wedding here last night.  I actually really liked the set up for the reception, I liked the look of the area.  I was confused at why there would be a reception right next to a bar, but I really didn't see the bar unless I was going to the restroom.  Oh, the restroom, old and not well taken care of at all. The dinner was buffet style, the food was actually pretty good, until I cut into my chicken.  It was raw, it turns out pretty much everyone had raw chicken.  I got up and asked a bartender for salt, she said she would bring it right over to me, I am still waiting for it. :-) I rarely saw a server during the night, and my plate was not picked up until at least 2 hours after I was finished eating.
Not a pleasant experience. Decor, service, and food were all just bad. Went for Sunday brunch with a couple friends.  I should've known something was off when the parking lot was empty for Sunday brunch. The only nice part of the experience was the hostess. She was very nice. The decor felt like it had been there since the 50's, in a bad way. We ordered fountain drinks and they all tasted like mildew or dirty water. I informed our server of this and he wasn't exactly surprised. His attitude was poor the entire time and acted like we were inconveniencing him. We were handed a tiny menu and told that they had a limited offering that day due to a party.  The three of us had the stuffed French toast. It was barely above frozen food. The bananas looked and tasted well past their prime, and the cinnamon sugar mess they slathered on it was burnt past "caramelization"   Normally I give a place two visits before posting a review, but I will not be back to The Edison again.
I'd like to give The Edison more stars because the ambience, history, and decor is pretty cool and the building itself is beautiful but the service and food, service, and management was terrible so they earned themselves a star less than they should have for having such absolutely lousy service.   We went with a party of 7 a few weeks back for Sunday brunch.  We called on Friday and on Saturday to make reservations and were almost turned down from making a reservation- both people on the phone told us not to worry that we didn't need a reservation and that the wait would not be too long.  We told them that there were 7 of us and were still assured that a reservation was not needed.  WRONG.  We got there Sunday morning and waited over an hour to be seated and didn't even get seated inside- after an hour of waiting we finally *told* the hostess to seat us outside (she didn't even offer).  The hostess was absolutely clueless and quite rude actually.  I think she may have been new but still, at least be polite. Now for the food & drink.  It was Sunday brunch and I wanted a Bloody Mary.  I saw that they had Absolut Peppar Bloody Marys on the menu so I asked for one of those.  The server asked me if I'd like to "upgrade" to unlimited Bloody Marys for, I believe it was, $15.  What could be better than that?  It was too good to be true.  That "upgrade" left me drinking a Bloody Mary made with the lowest of low well vodka and the cheapest Bloody Mary mixer I've ever had.  "Upgrade" from Absolut Peppar to well....awesome, right?  NOT.  The only thing that made it half way drinkable was the half cup of Tabasco I put in it to mask the flavor of the drink itself. We ordered food.  I ordered the "Chimichurry Steak & Eggs" at a brunch rate of $14.50 (view the menu here: edisonfl.com/restaurant-…).  The description for the dish reads "sliced sirloin steak drizzled in Chimichurris sauce, two eggs served with hash browns". I asked the server how the eggs came out and she said "Normally scrambled......I think".  She asked me if I wanted them served a different way and I said that scrambled was perfect.   What I got was 2 over easy eggs and **DEFINITELY NOT*** any sort of sirloin steak.  I probably could've gone to 7-11, ordered a steak sandwich, and gotten a better cut of meat than what they served to me.  The saving grace for the dish was the hash brown which were still slightly under cooked but seasoned well. We saw the manager walking around the patio but not once did they go to any patron's table to greet them or ask them how their service was going.  The bartenders were using profanity so luckily there were no kids with our party. If you're looking for an establishment in Ft Meyers to eat, especially if you're looking for brunch STRAY AWAY from The Edison- all you'll get by going there is a view of a historical building and the bubble guts from their absolutely terrible food. Ugh.
Probably ok for a burger. Filet flatbread had a weird sauce and the steak was tasteless as was the chicken quesadilla.
What is this place?  I felt super classy and super not so classy at so many different times over the few hours I was here.  I feel like they took five different concepts and sewed them together into some sort of tolerable Frankenstein. The Edison, in its purest form, is a restaurant and bar attached to the Fort Myers Country Club.  That may be what it is, but that definitely isn't what it is at all. I doubt there are many places in existence where you can find all of the amazing things I am about to list. -- Classy valet parking (oh my yes.) -- An old school dark wood (I might go so far as to say antique) atmosphere...complemented by a functioning old school cigarette vending machine. -- A gross bathroom...with a sink attendant.  No thanks; you can keep your creepy looking mints. -- An old dude standing next to a young girl standing next to a lady with a pointedly fake chest standing next to a guy decked out in Affliction. -- An area where you can listen to a live band playing top 40 [next to an area where] you can stand at a bar and watch sports [next to an area where] you can take part in the jello shots that the oddly young waitress is bringing around [next to an area where] you can listen to LMFAO, Sean Paul, and whatever other rap/dance they want to play [next to an area where] you can buy a purse - like NYC street style on a plastic table [next to an area where] you can sip a mint julep and listen to a guy playing live jazz ALL OVERLOOKING the golf course. Yeah.  I was confused.  On another note, I did meet a nice man from Massachusetts whose entire group did a 180 when they found out I was my mom's SON, not her boyfriend.  How awkwardly enjoyable. The drinks were cheap.  1 glass of house wine and 1 16oz aluminum bottle bud light was $6. Come for the drinks, stay for the show(s) (maybe an app), leave just as confused as I was.
I took my parents here for the Mother's Day Buffet and was disappointed.  The whole experience was substandard for $28.95 per head.  Here are some things that were wrong: 1.  Absolutely no effort was made at presentation.  The buffet was just a bunch of tables lined alongside one another with chafing dishes.  No flare, no pride, no creativity. 2.  Much of the food was bland and overcooked. 3. The self-styled, "Steamship Round," (aka roast beef) was extremely dry and over-cooked.  Where was the au jus or gravy? 4.   Speaking of gravy, the turkey gravy was of the institutional, canned variety. 5.  The "vegetable medley" was an unispired mix of frozen vegetables. 6.  The lasagna was dried out.  There was no extra sauce or parmesan cheese available. 7.  The artichoke salad came out of a can. 8.  The cheese blintzes were not home-made, but rather inexpensive frozen miniature blintzes with dried up cherry sauce stuck on the tops. 9.  I think all the pastries were bought in bulk at a BJ's or Costco.  The muffins were those little tiny bite size ones; the miniature eclairs were thawed out.  They were not even close to being restaurant quality. 10.  The cakes were small slices of run-of-the mill institutional sheet cakes.  Can't they make their own desserts or get them from a good restaurant supply house? 11.  The desserts were served on PLASTIC, disposable plates. 12.  What?  No spread of assorted cheeses or shrimp? 13.  The  dining tables were covered with white paper.   We would . have loved to have our dinner on those white table cloths underneath. 14.  Plates were not cleared in a timely manner. 15.  A 20% gratuity was automatically included in the bill .... very presumptious and not customary in the restaurant business. While it's a nice looking restaurant and the live music was entertaining, one got the sense that the owners/managers took their calculators out and determined out how much money they can make by cutting out as much as possible on their costs.  I don't fault them for wanting to make a buck, but a Sunday Brunch, especially a Mother's Day Brunch should be more festive and sumptious, especially given how much they were charging.  I don't think there was a single item on the buffet that one could say, "Wow, that was awesome, I'm going back for more!" Next time, I'll do a little more research on finding a good place for brunch in Ft Myers.
Food terrible I had the chicken it old and dry They later admitted they were having problems with the rotisserie They should have taken it off the menu I will never bring my family there again New residents to Fort Myers The Dirty Gator/Quarterback has food that is ten times better just a tough place to bring your family
I really wish I could say something good about my first visit to The Edison but I can't. My girlfriend and I went there on the fourth of July with a livingsocial voucher with hopes of having a good meal. We sat down and took a minute to look at the menus. Everything sounded delicious on the menu. We decided to to split an appetizer and a main course. For the appetizer we went with the spinach and artichoke dip. As stated in the menu it was suppose to come with house made pita chips. When we got the dip it was surrounded with nacho chips. My girlfriend asked the server wasn't it suppose to come with pita chips. The response to the question was, "umm no" and the server walked away. This is when I decided to check the menu on my phone. As I navigated the website(which isn't mobile friendly), I got to the menu lo and behold, there it is in black and white. It was suppose to come with house made pita chips. For the main meal we decided to go with the stuffed flounder over the seafood pasta. Again on the menu it sounded like a great choice. When we got the meal again we were somewhat disappointed. The stuffed flounder was a lot smaller than expected. It came with a ice cream scoop of rice put in a geometric shape and four sprigs of asparagus. The table behind us we saw a gentleman eating the seafood pasta and wish we had gotten that instead. After eating here, I feel like Gordon Ramsay needs to help renovate this restaurant.
Formerly known as Brix, this place has some potential, but is clearly not being managed properly right now. We stopped in for lunch, lured by their special of buying one, getting the second one free. It didn't seem to be working because there was only one other occupied table. They also offer a free drinks for ladies night and a free dinner for unaccompanied ladies night. I don't know if those enticements are working or not. We were whisked to our booth by a breezy young lady who was requesting a drink order before our seats had even touched the seats, if you get what I mean. We ordered a Cuban and a Corned Beef on Rye. Both were decidedly below average. The Cuban was unrecognizable as a Cuban, per se, and was essentially a panini. The Corned Beef on Rye was just that - warmed meat haphazardly placed between two pieces of rye bread. Nothing else. A truly pathetic effort. I have one sure-fire suggestion. One thing that is badly needed and would greatly improve business: GET A CHEF!! The physical plant is not bad at all and with the draw of decent (dare I suggest outstanding?) food, this place could make it. Until then, however, we won't be back...
Better than the reviews I read led me to expect! We went for lunch today after visiting the Edison/Ford estates. My wife suggested Edison because of its proximity to the estates and neither of us had read the Yelp reviews until we got there. Oh, oh, I thought, once I took a look at them. I was pleasantly surprised not because it was great, but because it was OK! We both had the 1/2 sandwich (Pastrami on rye) and a salad. She had an Iceburg wedge with Blue cheese dressing and I had a Caesar salad. Both salads were quite fresh and very large. The pastrami was tender and fairly tasty, not the best I've had but certainly not the worst. The service wasn't great. The bartender was assigned to us despite the fact 2 waitresses weren't very busy at all. Consequently, when he got crushed with drink orders we had to call one of the 'underemployed' waitresses over to take our food order. The bartender/waiter came over and was quite apologetic about the delay. The prices were OK for the quality/quantity. All in all, a reasonable place for lunch.
had a groupon so went for lunch ... ya know how sometimes you get that vibe, like maybe we should just leave ... to me it seems this place is maybe wearing a mask ... it seems that it could be really nice - decent part of town, overlooking the golf course, nice place for lunch right? ... but this place is a dive bar ... so back to lunch ... wife goes to bathroom, the faucet is broken - in pieces, in the sink and soap dispenser is on the floor ...  with no paper towels as well, she goes into the mens room, which was not much better ... gotta wonder how the employees wash their hands ... the place is run down, a fresh coat of paint at least in the room we were in and clean linens would go a long way ... my wife likes her meat well done, "destroyed" as we always ask - that's the way she likes it - I specifically said "no red" ,,, needless to say, had to send it back ... so wise ass server says "the fillet comes medium" ... hmmm, I thought the customer is always right, especially when we asked for a specific preparation ... I'm not be snotty, just hate asking for something specific and not getting it other than the run down decor, mediocre service, and the meat return for a refire, the food was not bad ...   seems the kitchen is doing a good job - presentation was okay, flavors were there - but the ambiance - lot to be desired ... unless yelp reviews of this place start showin some improvement, groupon or not - we ain't goin back ...
I really am shocked that this place has been getting anything but 4-5 stars.  I've been to the Edison at least 20 times, often for a night of drinks with friends, but also for brunches, wedding receptions, and even just a nice dinner.  It is hands-down my favorite place in Fort Myers.  The back porch is where it's at (though I worry that if too many people find out about it, it will start to get too crowded!) For one, the food is always fantastic, from appetizers up through legit entrees.  Their pizzas are amazing, and are perfect for sharing as a snack while you have a drink.  Also, as a guy I normally don't go for salads as I have a hard time finding one that fills me up; the salads here are really good.  You get plenty of food and don't go hungry.  And as a self-proclaimed buffalo wing aficionado, I can honestly say they make some great wings. I also highly recommend the brunches.  Since it sits right on the golf course, on a sunny day it's a great place to go get some breakfast food and throw back some bottomless bloody mary's / mimosas.  And in the evenings, they have great happy hour specials, and are often rotating in different drinks. I love the place.  Really, my only complaint (which someone else already mentioned) is that they have a bathroom attendant on busy nights.  Having someone hand me a paper towel and expect money is even more annoying than having a homeless guy run out and wash your windshield at a stoplight, expecting to be paid.  Get rid of that guy, and this place might be the best bar in Florida.
I don't even know where to begin with this review, but I suppose I should start out with the fact that this "restaurant" has no food!! We were given a groupon to the Edison restaurant as a gift and saved it for when we had guests visiting from out of state, as we were under the impression that this was an upscale place. We even made a reservation, only to show up and find we were the only people in the entire restaurant besides 1 other table..on a weekend night. Upon trying to order wine, the waiter didn't know what their house wine was and brought us wine glasses filled with water after struggling to even open the bottle- not a good start, but we let that go. Then almost everyone at our table tried to order grouper, to which we were told that they were out of grouper...and French fries. I can understand running out of fish if it is fresh, but how does a restaurant run out of French fries? So everyone then switched their order to the filet mignon special of the night that we were told about upon arrival. However, about 10-15 minutes later after literally being told by the waiter that our steaks were in the oven cooking, a manager showed up to tell us that they ran out of filet mignon too!! No grouper, no French fries, and no filet mignon- The special of the night? The manager then told us we should've come on Friday when they had grouper...which does us no good at that moment, so why even say it? Although the staff tried to be accommodating, we just couldn't give this place our money. The menu is only one short page to begin with and they didn't actually have anything that we wanted to order. We had to leave, still hungry and find somewhere else to go. Absolutely ridiculous, unprofessional and embarrassing experience. Hate to see the groupon go to waste, but we will not be returning here. At least we got a good story to tell out of this experience--How often can someone say they went to a restaurant that had no food!?
I went there Saturday night for a wedding.  I had the salmon; my husband had chicken stuffed with prosciutto and cheese, which was the other option.  Both were actually good.  Who thinks you would get good food at a wedding?   Service was attentive.   I would go back again if I get up that way.
Good food, great service, good view of the golf course.  In short, GOOD PLACE!  I recommend you sit outside on the patio.  Best entrée is the stuffed flounder.  Appetizer: nachos with pork
Happy Hours are good with plenty of people of all ages.  Usually the tables out back are reserved, so unless you call ahead, you will be sitting on the lower deck or inside.  Place has a great view of the gold course, and happy hour drinks and appitizers at a good price.
Great place to meet up with friends for a drink.  No vegan options on the menu.
I just wasn't that impressed.  For the portions size to price it was lacking.  The chowdah was kind of meh.  My hamburger was not cooked medium well, but medium rare.  My companion had a salad that had lettuce that did not look so fresh.  You would think that the atmosphere would be an indicator of the food, but you would think that a restaurant named after a great inventor would have inventive cuisine.  Try Nikola Tesla's Chicken and Ribs down the road.  Much better.
We were there on a thursday night they weren't busy but service was sloooow  The food was nothing special, but overpriced and overdone. We had been there before when it was Bricks and at that time both the food and service were fantastic. Needless to say we were extremely disappointed with The Edison.
While the atmosphere is very neat, my husband and I were disappointed in the service. The waitress was ok, but the busboy? who was setting salt and pepper on all the tables skipped ours. We waited for a while thinking he would get back with them, but he preceded to other tables putting out sugar, wiping tables down. When he got close to our table again, I asked for salt and pepper he snapped, "he was on it." We used a Social Living coupon for $15 and only $14.95 was taken off the bill. I said to the waitress, I know it's only a nickel, but why wasn't the full amount taken off? Her reply.....the computer can't do even numbers! Then why not put in $15.05? I know we are in season here and the staff is probably overwhelmed and figure tourists won't be back, but we live here.
Biggest problem here is cold food. Even after complaining soup arrived lukewarm the second time.  Wine specials are cheap at happy hour for $3.00 a glass. However, the wine offered tastes like cough syrup. You get what you pay for.  Food is mediocre but portions are large. Doesn't matter since the food is not so good.  Skip this place and find something else in the area.
I have held off on reviewing The Edison Restaurant because I wanted to be fair.  I have attended over 20 times in the past year.  It is a gorgeous establishment, lots of parking, great looking menu and all of that deceives you into thinking 5 star establishment.  That is not the case.  The kitchen is lower end.  I have never had a plate of food delivered to my table that was satisfactory.  So I have decided not to eat there anymore.  Now I only go for drinks if I go at all.  That's difficult also because you can't get a place at the bar.  The only great things I can say and why I keep going back is that I sit with the same server on Wednesdays for happy hour, and Wednesdays is ladies night.  They may also have a cool band playing.  In Fort Myers we are limited for a good time.  The proprietors and management have their heads where the sun don't shine.
There is potential here, but it seems the restaurant is having an identity crisis. Do you want to be a sports bar or a fine dining  restaurant? If you want to be both, keep the two separate. The TVs are fine in the bar. They are fine in the dining room too, by not with this menu & theme. The tables all have candles, but none were lit. The decor,theme, & prices suggest a fine dining restaurant, but  the TVs make it feel like a sports bar & are out of place in the Banyan Room where the theme is Old Fort Myers. The staff is very friendly, but very young & needs additional training for a restaurant in this price range. Again, sports bar type service, fine dining menu  The food was adequate.
Great atmosphere. Fantastic food and lunch menu. Wonderful service!
Good beer. Horrific food, service, and management. It is ok for taking in a Gator game or a beer after a round of golf, but beyond that don't waste your time or money. Nasty food and the worst service every.
We were seated in the large dining room and it felt like whatever ambiance there was in this room has long since disappeared.  My pot roast comfort food was good but not exceptional.  I think the surroundings had an effect on me and detracted from the enjoyment.  On the whole so-so.  'nuf said.
I came here for a rehearsal dinner and I wasn't impressed.  The service was painfully slow.  We had about 40 people there and they only brought out 3 pizzas, that will serve approximately 10 people.  We had to wait about 25 minutes between each of the 4 rounds of pizza so dinner took about 2 hours.  You could tell the couple was super annoyed, they also ran out of salad and drinks were slow.  On top of that there was another wedding there which clearly people were being over-served at since once of the ladies got sick all over in the bathroom and it took them over an hour to clean it up even though someone was notified.  I was not impressed.  The only saving grace was that the pizza was pretty tasty.
The food just isnt that good!!  I ate a toothpick in my sandwich and the waitress told me it happens! Their steak wasn't good and actually I never had anything good to eat here. The female bartenders have bad attitudes and talk bad about their co-workers.  Very unprofessional and I wouldn't go back.
Not as good as in the past. New management, new menu. Lost their "touch". Banking on past history and venue, but the menu is not good and high pricing for the portions. Go for the drinks and the ambiance, forget the food. Forewarned and forearmed, buyer beware you know how it goes. Suck them in with name and scenic views and then serve bland food at high price.
I would like to start out by saying I have been to the Edison many times and have always had a good experience however this Sunday September 15 was the exact opposite. We were in the Banyan room and the service was so poor and the waitress so inexperienced my party of 5 actually walked out after waiting for 15 minutes for our drinks which never came. She said they were out of mimosas.  I said so you are out of champagne.  She said she didn't know.  I then said are you out of orange juice? No we have that.  I then asked if I could have a screwdriver she said she would have to check.  After the long wait and still no drinks we decided to move on to another restaurant for our lunch.  We actually started to think that maybe she was in a tool shed looking for a screwdriver.
Decent food and nice historic setting, but horrific service. We've been three times (because it's close to our house) and each time the wait staff has been insolent and incompetent. Honestly, we've been shocked by their rudeness. Not going back.
Wow, This place is just flat out HORRIBLE!!! The food was not more then a micro wave dinner , the servers look as if they should be working at HOOTERS or BABES T & A Bar down the road and the service was a minus 10!!!  We will not be back for such a horrid dinner, nor will we tell anyone one we know visiting FM ever to visit the place. Wow, I am so disappointed. I do hope a New management company takes over and completely turns it around. The place itself was neat and nostalgic. It was clean. Wine list was that of a "family " style restaurant, and the beer list was not impressive at all.
