The quality of this B-Dubs has gone down. A lot of the waiters and waitresses are too involved with chatting with other colleagues and sometimes you may end up with poor service. The food is, alright, at best. Unfortunately, this location has poor food compared to locations in Orlando, for example. They overprice the drinks, food isn't so hot and you can just get better service at other places...
Great time watching the fight had great seats. I just wish one of theses were closer to me.
My new favorite Wing place!!! woohoo~! Its a shame that I"ve never been to buffalo wild wings until last week. I love the spicy garlic myself. Hubby and his best friends are just killing themselves with this jammin' Jalapeno and the mango habanero flavored wings. Been there twice by now and we will definitely be their regulars here!
came here to watch the NCAA March Madness. Saw 2 games, both went into OT. Their commercials don't lie! #overtime But, great service, and great food! Good deals on the boneless wings on Thursdays.
5 star service!! 3-4 star food...typical chain food which bummed me out I thought they were supposed to be really good at making wings and sauces...I was disappointed standard wing flavors and they were dry. Maybe ill try a sandwich/wrap if I return. Nothing special though. Service would be only reason I return
Ok, we go with a group of 8 every Tuesday to play trivia.  for the last FIVE weeks, I can not get a frozen drink because their blender is broken.  How about run to Target at the end of the shopping center and get one? then last week the server mixed up the credit cards and the checks.  This could only be remedied by putting a hold on the cards. Don't bother with this place.  It is run like a Mom & Pop store
This place is just overpriced bar food!!! Bad service bad food bad prices!!! I've been here three different times now and it just keeps getting worse...I will not be returning!!! 3 strikes and your out!!!
Foods good service sucked.The manager made everything right at the end of the night so Im not upset just most likely ordering to go from now on.
IT'S CORPORATE, EXPENSIVE, AVERAGE, AND IT'S BUSY. When I figure out why, I'll open up a restaurant. We tried an order of Jalapeno Buffalo Wings, their signature item. They were slathered in a rich sauce and only mildly hot. They were served with a few celery sticks & ranch dressing. A rather ho-hum offering. You can get far better wings at New China Chinese Restaurant on Fiddlesticks. The Chicken Quesadilla was tasteless & we had to request some hot sauce to perk it up and render it edible. There were enough flat screen televisions on the walls to open up a Circuit City store. I suspect that this place is best for an evening beer, but not much else. Ambiance - 3 STARS Food - 2 STARS Service - 2 STARS (the waitress was pleasant but overworked & couldn't speak acceptable English; "Those wings are good, ain't they?") Location - 3 STARS
Being from Ohio originally, I was VERY excited to see a "b-dubs" coming to town.  Andrew, who posted above me, was right about their prices.  Their soft drink prices are some of the highest in the area.  This is one of those places that I will start ordering water at (actually, it's the only place I will do that.)  The place is still new, so it's constantly busy but that will change to more normal business within a few weeks, I'm sure.   The food is just as good as any other location.  Good place to watch some sports and eat some wings.
Had lunch here when I arrived for a business trip.   I had a wrap of some sort.  I wanted a flatbread and I believe they called it a 'flip'.  Oddly they were sold out of the three in that section.   Settled for the wrap with their cheese wedge fries.  I facilitated a class the following day and someone else indicated that they had a weird experience, not a bad one just weird.
The good: * A nice selection of draft beers; I enjoyed a Cigar City Bolita, which I've only ever seen for sale in bottles. As a plus, the 22 oz glass cost less here than a 22 oz bottle retails for. YMMV for value on the beer front, but this was a big plus for me. * Plenty of TV's showing sports and Buzztime trivia and poker. I love bar games! * A draft board for fantasy football in the corner, which was being used by about 10 guys when I arrived. This place has obviously gone out of their way to make themselves attractive to the sports fan. The bad: * My burger and onion rings cost more than the listed menu price; I didn't see anywhere about an upcharge for rings instead of fries on the menu, and the bartender (I ate at the bar) didn't mention it, even though she asked "what do you want for your side? Fries, rings...?" Not cool. Yeah, it's a buck, but I'd rather know about it ahead of time. * I ordered my burger with the hottest sauce they offered. While, yes, it was hot, it wasn't anywhere near as spicy as I'd expected (what can I say, I'm a sauce masochist. Bring on the habeneros!); the flavor profile was good (a nice slow burn, with notes of citrus, carrot, and smoke), but it's definitely a corporate-run restaurant's sauce. * Pricing; a burger and craft beer was $20 once a 20% tip was added. Now, yes, the beer was a 22 oz, and it was less on draft than it would be by the bottle, but there's just something about shelling out $20 for a burger and a beer! Overall, a good place to watch sports with your friends. But prepare your wallet!
I've never been to BWW before this week-day lunch. It was very busy. Waitress was overworked and our glasses were frequently empty. We were "offered" chips and salsa, but further questioning revealed that it probably wouldn't have been enough for the 4 of us, and there are no free refills. Skipped that. My Screamin' Nacho Burger was pretty good, but seriously? Two tortilla chips on a burger? Save it. The fries that came with it were the thin sorry-looking kind. My buddy's check for his 2 orders of boneless wings was off the charts! I tried one, and it was the same frozen boneless chicken nuggets I get from the local Publix, just deep fried and slathered in sauce, which I could have gotten at Publix too. Tv's everywhere you looked - on 3 channels. It's not my first choice for lunch, but I'll give them another shot.
Tuesday and Thursday specials... Late night discounts and happy hour specials available. The wings are okay for a franchise. The wings are def not spicy I got the medium wings and i needed hotter that had no kick to it in the slightest. This place is all paper trays for wings and food not very going out like.    It's got lots of TVs great to come watch a sports game, lots of beers to chose from.  I've been told the Italian burger is good, but I have not tried it. For a major game or lunch I will come back. I would not recommend for a date or for dinner.
What a NIGHTMARE!  We arrived here at 9:00pm. Seated shortly thereafter. The host had to CLEAN our table off first. Our waiter took approx. 15mins. to get to us. By the way, the place was NOT that busy We ordered 10WINGS, NO SIDES OR .DRINKS. It took FOREVER to receive our meal. But, we had invested SO MUCH time there, we were not going to go start OVER somewhere else. Just simply went with it, as we had our cell phones to keep us occupied. We couldn't help but notice that they had quite a few tables and booths dirty.  However, the wait staff simply walked by them as if they didn't exist. (The Manager was guilty as well )   Eventually they started clearing off SOME of them..We left at TEN THIRTY and some of them were still NOT cleared off! So, the moral of this story is simply: TERRIBLE service and nothing special Wings! Along with dirty dining areas and no-where-to-be-found waiters/waitresses. There is simply NO REASON for it to take an HOUR AND A HALF to have a meal  of 10wings! Please, can someone tell me WHERE there's a decent place to eat around here?   Definitely will NOT ever return to this restaurant.  BE SMART & STAY FAR AWAY!
Love their huge tvs and that's about it. I get their wings because of all different sopicy sauces available. They need work on improving customer service and quality of food.
This BWW actually has the best draft beer selection for SW Florida. They had Sierra Nevada celebration ale on tap as well as a selection for local brewers in Tampa (Cigar City Brewing) as well. Service was decent and the wings are great too. I'll be back (tomorrow night) for sure :)
After hearing about this chain we finally got to try one in our new home town. It was great from top to bottom. Lots of TVs & games to play on them or watch. Food & service was great, we sat in the dining room and it was very nice, we walked thru the bar area and it looked very nice and will sit there on next visit. Ribs and wings were very good! Service was great, but it did take a little to long for the food to come out considering it was a Wed night and dining room was only half full.   Gotta wonder how they can run such a great place without an employee over 25 in sight.
Service and food were ok. Missing the finer details and not the cleanest place to go. I think they need to pay more attention to wiping things down and keeping the floor clean. If you think of being grand opening ready everyday it should help.
Asian Zing wings are fantastic. Always good service and consistently good wings.
The final straw with this place! We've been here on over a dozen occasions at the time of writing this review. Our first visit (dine in) was pleasant, though noisy. In the following months; severely down hill. Each visit, and no exaggeration, each visit resulted in an error, or just complete unsatisfactory in preparation: -Uncooked wings -Consistently getting orders incorrect -Clear lack of understanding of the menu -Receiving the wrong quantity of food. -Every single take out order had at least one incorrect or missing item Conceptually, we were very excited to get a hot wings place in the area, but Buffalo Wild Wings has become a taboo. We STRUGGLED to love, even like, this place. We WANTED to make this place a regular. But unfortunately, its a guarantee that the staff there will let you down in some way. If this place wants returning costumers it needs to get its act together. Unfortunately, its officially lost us.
Will never return to this location. Brought a group of 12 customers for dinner. They cut us off for drinking too much.  No problems caused at all. It was ridiculous.  The food was good the service was nominal.  The bill was $370 plus.  Will never return... Very disappointing.  If there was a customer that was too loud they should have spoken with us first.  It was obvious who was covering the bill and ordering for the group.  A professional manager would have had a quiet conversation with us rather than let everyone in the seating area know that this group was cut off.  Poor management skills.
Bdubs typical food and Bdubs typical crazy bad service. Cold beer, when you can get one.
Great wings and environment is awesome.  But get ready to be nickel and dimed!!!! I get annoyed with places that charge $0.60 for extra pickles and $0.60 for a side of ranch. Beer specials don't exist unless it is happy hour. a large blue moon is $6.50? I am sure they need to fix that. I would make this a regular football hangout but not unless they have consistant specials.
Caught in bind where to watch the Ravens game New Years Day while vacationing in Fort Myers again. But I can live with that. We decided this time to walk to BWW and give this establishment a try. (No designated driver needed just a designated walker) When we arrived we were greeted immediately and seated. The first set of games were almost over so the place was not very crowded. We moved our seats to the bar area when we saw the Ravens game was on the big screen in the bar next to the Steelers game. Apparently we were told they would change games for you. There were plenty of tvs so it looked like everyone was happy. None of them were marked so you just kinda wandered around till you saw your team. There were a few Steeler fans there of course watching Ben as he hobbled around trying to beat the Browns. But we actually met a very nice one who roots for the Steelers but works for the Raven's owner. There are no drink specials on Sunday so that of course means for any NFL game. We just decided to drink some rounds of beer. They had a great selection so that was not a problem. We ordered some Nachos and they came to the table nice and warm with two dipping sauces. One a little hotter than the other. We ordered a sandwich at half time. A Honey BBQ chicken one. The bread was already soggy when it arrived and the meat and tomato, onion,etc. kept slipping off the roll. It was just ok. Nothing to howl about. ( Do buffalos howl or do they bark?)The fries were too few and not anything special. Our waiter Chris was awesome and kept filling up our basket with more warm nachos throughout the game. We were not charged extra. We also talked some football with him as he was rooting for the Ravens because it would help his team with a Browns loss. . I was a little disappointed that they did not have any specials for the games and I thought the food was just average. I am giving it three stars because the service was good. The next time we will return to the other establishment we went before as the food was better and the drink specials were numerous. A whole page of them. BWW is a little over priced for what you get. I must say we did not try the wings but our friends did say they were good. The sauces are clearly listed from mild to hot so you can select the best one for you. Their rating scales is based on their "hotness." I guess you could do that with the servers too if you are so inclined during commercials or time outs of course. Me I like the guys in the uniforms!
Went on a Thursday night, happened to be boneless night .60 cent wings was a pretty good deal 10 for 6 bucks isn't bad. Caribbean jerk and jammin jalepano are my favorite spicy but not regrettable. Good drink specials and plenty of televisions to watch any number of games.
So many tvs, good beer choices and trivia. All the best things in life! Sometimes wish they put a little more sauce on their wings so ask for extra on the side.
Great wings & beer!  Thank God I don't have to drive to Port Charlotte anymore to get great wings!  To bad they can't put one of these in Naples, but I guess there are just too many OLD people there to support one.....NO FUN Naples!!
Good food, good drinks, lots of sports on the many TVs.
BWW is always a good time.  Good wings (the honey BBQ are my favorite) and the beer is cold.  Can't go wrong at Buffalo Wild Wings.
went on a double date there & had a wonderful time the burger I built was off the chain my boyfriend said its the best he ever had. only complaint is on my double date me & my boyfriend were seated facing out the front door. -_- lots of choices for the wings & the salads are good. returned for another date & will continue to go. its very good.
Waited for 1 1/2 hours for food Manager (tony) went into kitchen to replace 2 cooks Hostess called my wife a bitch in front of staff and she was fired on the spot Shown out by a big busboy Ridiculous bad management This all happened on a college football night I wouldn't go back even with the gift certificates they gave us By the way, the wings suck And they were cooked by the manager
Have eaten at the chain all over, Orlando, Port Charlotte, Sarasota and even Ohio.  Fort Myers has to be in my opinion the worst. I won't go into normally what happens at this location but I will talk about last night.  It was date night. Ordered beers and onion rings to start off with. Beers arrived fast and rings were hot and tasty.  Server was doing and did great the whole time. Let me say that our server was great.  My 2nd beer tasted off, I asked for a replacement the server brought it back to the bartender and they had a discussion.  The bartender grabbed my beer from the server and topped it off with the beer I ordered.  In my opinion this is not good business practice.  Imagine what they do to your food in the back where no one can see.  I made it clear that I was not happy and not drinking that beer.  Manager came over and said sorry but seemed not to really show it.  I did get a new beer, the right beer.  Bottom line I did have a good time with my wife on our date night and the good service and food helped.  But that bartender just pissed me off.  I can see you.... Hello I'm not stupid you poured me the wrong beer.
