Previously I had commented on slow service, but that issue has been fixed. All of their staff is friendly and attentive. I love their food (especially the California Chase burger and Ultimate Grilled Cheese). They have good fries, although I do miss their old fries. I like to dip them in their Russian dressing. They have good beer on tap, too, and, I love how they renovated the building.
Decent lunch spot with plenty of seating, TVs and a pleasant patio.  The weather was nice enough to sit outside and luckily it wasnt too busy when we went. Food was moderately priced..got an order of 10 wings with whiskey barrel sauce.  The wings were good, with a thick fried shell and drenched in sauce, which was too sweet for my taste.  They wouldn't let me split an order of wings for 5 whiskey barrel and 5 moonshine, but luckily my buddy ordered 10 moonshine so we traded a few wings.  The moonshine sauce has a good tangy-sweet flavor, which balanced the very sweet whiskey barrel sauce well. I thought the wings were just okay in the end.   The atmosphere here is nice, especially if you want to watch a game, and there is a nice fully stocked bar area as well.
I think Juniors is fun and I think they have good food and great staff and alcohol that you can buy .
Juniors was a great find.  We are out of town Cardinals fans trying to watch the first NLDS game, so we checked out Recovery Sports Grill.  Avoid it.  For the second game, we came here.  Blows the Recovery Room out of the water.  Good crowd, attentive wait staff, amazing wings...it's the tits!
My go-to place for consistently good food. Occasionally the service is slow but that's the exception rather than the rule. Several vegetarian options.
Went for Wing night but it wasn't the cost that was advertised. You have to order a drink with the wings and already tip is included in bill! Apparently the rules have changed, so I will have to check it out again. The moonshine wings were very good and so was the service. Atmosphere is like a sports bar which is great for those late night games!
I've been to juniors a few times now since I moved to the area this summer. The atmosphere is casual and fun. Great selection of drinks and food.  I never ever order traditional wings anywhere but I will order them every time I come to juniors. They have a great amount of meat on them and the medium sauce is the perfect amount of heat. Service is lacking but that seems to be the norm at most restaurants in the capital region unfortunately.
Apparently I am not good at picking dishes at Junior's, because nothing I've had has been very good. I've tried two kinds of pizza. The four-cheese just tasted odd, probably because of the Feta. I also got a personal pizza with just cheese and mushrooms, and they piled on the greasy wet cheese, so that I couldn't taste anything else. I've had the chicken philly sandwich as well, which is okay. I hear their wings are good. I should have ordered those instead. Their draft beer selection is all right, and their prices are affordable.
Whenever my friends and I get together in Albany, this is our first choice. It's conveniently located on Madison Ave. in the Pine Hills, and has something for everyone. We went a few evenings ago, and the place was packed --patio, too-- on a weeknight, with diners of all ages.  Prices are reasonable, service is good, and there are lots of choices for good pub food... sandwiches, burgers, pizza, salads, wraps, wings... and they all taste great.  We go as a large group, and they can always accommodate us.  No one has been disappointed.  What I especially like is that even if I order a sandwich, there is a little extra touch to it to make it more memorable than at a chain.  I had a BALT -- bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato sandwich, and I loved the addition of the avocado. I was torn between that and the ultimate grilled cheese.
Tons of TV's and a decent selection of food and beer. I plan on going here regularly to watch sporting events. Would easily be a 4 star place but the staff behind the bar are horrific. Totally rude, not friendly, act like they don't even want to work there. It's unfortunate because otherwise I appreciate this place for what it is. Fix your staff and I'd happily recommend this place to any and everyone.
I don't know why I haven't written a review for this location sooner. For a pub / bar atmosphere with a sports enthusiast entertainment accent, this restaurant should be a good choice for anyone that likes great pub food, good draft beer selection and friendly staff. At the time of this writing, If you like affordable lunch, they offer a $3 burger, $3 individual pizza or $3 boneless wing order. You simply cannot go wrong with these. For those less concerned with cost, they offer an extensive list of sandwiches. They run between $9-$11. Your standard pub fare selection along with some creative ingredient combinations. I can honestly say, there isn't a single thing I've ordered that I didn't like. For kids, they have booster seats but not a kids menu. There's still plenty of kid friendly offerings off the main menu, although I warn the portions tend to be big so prepare to take some home, or have something shared between more than one child. Wings have a good selection of sauces, whiskey barrel is my personal favorite. For draft beer, they tend to have 10-12 drafts whenever I've visited. Half of them seem to be standard, and they rotate different micro brews in. As of yesterday, they had Pumking. One of my favorite fall brews. The atmosphere heavily caters to the sports enthusiast. Not the décor, just the over abundance of flat screens. The main dining area is an open room, there are a few booths as well as standard tables. The bar offers indoor / outdoor seating (seasonal) and a few bar height tables with stools as well. There's off street parking in the back of the building , but it's shared with other businesses so be aware of where you are parking. Unless there's a large snow fall in the winter, there's almost always street parking within a block of Juniors.
I've tried their food multiple times (5 all together) based on people's continued recommendation, yet I've been let down time & time again. Every time my fries are not cooked all the way through, pizza incredibly soggy & not cooked all the way through, what was supposed to be garlic-parm wings turned out to be fried chicken with a dash of minced garlic on top, nachos that were soggy & cold from top to bottom. Absolutely disgusting every time. Will NEVER recommend or try this bar & grill ever again.
Love their wide selection of beers, numerous tvs, and the moonshine wings.  A must visit for any sports fan looking to catch a game on TV.
This place was awesome! I've I only been here twice, and both times were great experiences. The food is delish, it's clean place, and the servers are courteous. Most importantly, you're not waiting 100,000 years for your food to come out of the kitchen. They are very efficient at this restaurant.
Junior's is the perfect restaurant to go to for good food, a friendly environment and entertainment. There is a TV that can be seen from anywhere you sit in the house. The restaurant is casual with a very sporty environment.  The food is top notch bar food. I even brought my entire family here for an after graduation day lunch, just to show you how much I love the food. The only down side is it can be a bit slow depending on who is on staff. But for the MOST part Junior's is an amazing place to go have a beer, a meal and watch a game all in one.
Juniors has great food and a great atmosphere. The bar connecting in inside and outside is genius! It is always busy at night as well. The wings are great! I also had a chicken sandwich with fries and that was good too. The pizza isn't at the top of my list, but it is good. I would definitely recommend.
What a fantastic menu and cute restaurant. Came here to visit my brother who went to UAlbany. He told me that this was the place to go to so we gave it a try. Upon walking in you could see it was very inviting, not just for the college crowd either. The restaurant was clean and put together, unlike some of the college dumps in the area. Smelled fantastic too! We had 6 people with us.... so it was nice to see these HUGE booths available so we can all be seated comfortably. Very comfortably may I add, the booths were spacious and physically comfortable. I saw the menu and realized why people love this place. It was an American restaurant, but with many options for different palettes and occasions. You could make it a nice nice out and have a steak, or you can have some wings and watch the game with a few pals. I had a hard time choosing from a great menu. Of course we decided on 50 moonshine wings and a few other appetizers to all split. My brother was ranting and raving about the moonshine wings, and he was not lying. They sauce had a great sweet but savory quality that was right up my alley! They had a good amount of meat on them, and were cooked just right. We REALLY enjoyed those. Other appetizers were good, but did not compare to the wings. Our waitress was kind and always checking up on us. She brought two huge pitchers of waters to the table, which was awesome so we did not have to keep asking for water. Overall we just really had a great experience, and would love to come back next time I pay my brother a visit!
Don't sit 2 people at a table that will accommodate 8 when you have a Divisional Playoff game going in. Other than that, the food is great and the service was good. A staple sports bar that should be on anyone's short list.
I rarely rate a place 5 stars but I absolutely love Juniors. The bar is great, the restaurant is great, the service is great, the food is great, the patio out front is great. I've spent many a weekend here with friends, enjoying wings and drinks. They have the absolute best, mild boneless wings here. It's one of the places that I miss about Albany. It is a genuinely awesome establishment and is one of my favorites in Albany.
Stumbled on this place.  Great food with lots of TV's. Cool atmosphere. Definitely return when in the area again.
Went there last minute, never been before and what a nice surprised. My hamburger was nice and juicy! Perfect. Their French fries was yummy! Perfectly crisp! 4 star for food. I didn't do 5 because service seems lost. She didn't know the menu.
Went here on a Saturday evening with my gf. Walked in and sat immediately, was not busy. We started out with some moonshine wings and they were fantastic. They are different from any other type of wing you will get anywhere else. They have a honey mustered type taste to them. They are crispy, perfect amount of meat and the sauce is just pure awesomeness. My gf got a salad for her main dish and it was romaine lettuce with spinach, not that iceberg type lettuce(which I love). I decided to get the personal deep dish pizza, and I have to say I would go there for the pizza! The crust had a crispy exterior and a soft delicious interior. The service was fantastic, very attentive to our needs. We both left saying this was a great meal and we will definitely be back!
I have been here multiple times, each time promising to give Juniors another chance. The food is alright, but the service is so poor that it brings the whole purpose of going out for a meal worthless. Asking for a drink and receiving such took nearly 45 minutes, all the while the waitresses can be seen standing around chatting, and don't give a hoot when you try to wave them over. The bathrooms were not clean and there was no toilet paper. And to top it all off, along with slow and sometimes pretentious waitresses, they will guaranteed get your order wrong. Oh, and this is just a preference, but they don't have ketchup on the tables. Overall Not worth the waste of time just waiting for service, and the attitude I've received each and every time makes me lose my appetite.
Juniors is a fun place to go but don't expect to eat or have beer if you are gluten intolerant. They used to carry Red Bridge GF beer but no more. And the servers all insist that the hard cider is beer. HELLOOO! Just because it comes in a bottle the same shape as a beer bottle does NOT mean it's BEER. Also this place is MOBBED when SUNY is in session. Best during the summer months.
Excellent food and very friendly staff. Great place to bring the kids without being a "kids place". Our kids recommend the fried calamari. The California Chicken sandwich is fantastic and so is everything else we've tried.
Meh. Not much to say...Junior's is a pretty standard, run-of-the-mill frat-like bar. Their food is mid-priced, but still actually cheaper than most of the places I've been to so far. Do NOT get the mandarin chicken wrap, though...it was not palatable, but I'm blaming myself for ordering that when other things sounded good. My friend got fried mac-'n'-cheese, which was surprisingly kind of good. The bartender obliged my strange habit and put cherries in my diet Pepsi. I approve of that.
Junior's is one of those "meh" places that isn't so bad. Every time I go, I'm like "Oh. Juniors. Eh. Sure." It doesn't do much to impress me, but it's useful nonetheless. It's not the best bar in Albany, but service is always friendly and they've got some later night hours. Part of what makes it so 'meh' to me is that I think it could be a little better, but right now there's not many other bars like it in the area, so it is what it is. They serve food, but I still think of it as a bar that serves food than a restaurant. Here's why: Drinks are fine, but I've never been wowed by either the prices or the flavor. But still - it's fine. Food is good. It's edible. But the choices are either $7-11 appetizers, or entrees/sandwiches for about the same price. I wish they had some $3-4 snacks to choose from. Sometimes you just want a little something to curb your hunger when you're at a bar, not a big ass sandwich and a doggie bag. So Junior's isn't on my list of favorite places in Albany,  but it's more like a backup bar. In that part of Albany late at night and want to meet up with friends? Junior's will give you a table to sit at and not too much loud noise so you can hear each other talk. And I've never had anything bad there, just nothing that's ever stood out. Kind of reminds me of a chain restaurant, except it's not a chain. Oh, and there's some parking in their back lot, but it's usually so packed you're better off parking on the street.
This place has no words to describe it. Overcrowded, loud and crazy. Great for the beer specials. Food is shit, excuse my French. The burgers taste like charcoal. The wings are old. Do yourself a favor, eat elsewhere.
They have not yet discovered fire, it would appear. We stopped in Tuesday night after a few fine beers at Mahar's, just up the street.  We were hungry as hell, and even mediocre food would have satisfied.  Junior's did not hit that mark. Actually, the food was not really bad, or at least I'm guessing it was not bad.  Had it been HOT it would have been much easier to tell.  There is NO excuse for serving food that is not hot.  Epic Fail. The wings were tasty and cold. My panini flavorful and lukewarm. My sister's "steak & bleu cheese sandwich" was served open face and unmanageable on pumpernickel, without bleu cheese, and moderately warm. The french fries, though apparently fried at one time, were, you guessed it, cold. The place was busy, the bar half filled with barflys, mostly college age it would appear, but the dining area was small enough for one or two competent servers to manage easily.  There might have been three, and you can deduce their level of competence.  Assuming the food was actually cooked with actual heat, and fried in actual fryers filled with HOT oil, I fault the servers for not picking up food when plated and delivering it promptly, while still HOT. I also fault the management for not jumping in to promptly deliver waiting and ready food that was sitting on plates under a heat lamp (maybe not turned on) upon seeing that the servers were overwhelmed. Juniors would appear to be a decent place to get a bite of pub grub to eat and a beverage.  For now, I've crossed food off it's real description and relegate it to college "bar only" status.
Some friends and I came here for Happy Hour on a Saturday. Their $4 Bay Breeze and $4 screwdrivers come in pretty tall glasses, so, by the end of the hour, everyone was reasonably happy. We also ordered disco fries, mozzarella sticks, and pizza for $5 each. The disco fries sounded good in theory because who doesn't love fries smothered with bacon, cheese, and gravy? However, we all agreed that whoever was put in charge of seasoning the fries was heavy-handed. Surprise surprise, the only gal who finished her fries was the "drunkest" one, so at least the bartender knew what he/she was doing. My 3 friends, who live in Albany, would suggest that you go to Bombers for the fries instead.
Went here for game 6 of the World Series. I had their burger and some medium boneless wings. The burger was cooked perfectly, as ordered and the LTO were fresh as could be. Great fries too. The boneless wings were obviously made in house, no Sysco garbage here! Good heat. Served with enough bleu cheese for the wings and veggies. Very good portion size, way more than if I had ordered traditional bone-in wings. I have never had a bad meal here. Sometimes it can take a bit of time to get a beer but that's because they're usually packed because it's that good. This place is the spot every bar food joint should look to as the gold standard.
Everything about this place is mediocre.  The interior, the food selection, the beer selection, all mediocre.  The coolest thing about it is the games on the table, but even those are pretty easy - I got the high score for every trivia game I played. With the right group it could be a fun place, but with the right group anywhere can be a fun place. I should probably come back for trivia night.  Heh.
In terms of bar food and drink, Juniors is as good as it gets.  The food is great, even the salads, and the service has been perfect since I started going here.   The downside was that it was too cramped, but they just sunk a bunch of money into the place and added tons of space and brand new TVs.  I highly recommend it.
One of my go to and favorite places local to me. I'm really surprised their rating isn't higher than 3 stars.  If you want amazing wings, this is your place. The moonshine wings are addicting. The new renovation makes this place a 5 star. The bar looks beautiful and there's so much more space now. Very busy most of the time but if you don't mind waiting for a table or standing while at the bar for a bit its a really fun place. This is the place to be, or so it seems, on the weekends. They also have trivia during the week not sure what day.. its hard but fun. Awesome place to watch a big game as well, TONS of Tvs Love the beer selection. Bartenders are nice and staff is very friendly. Last time we were there we ordered take out on a Friday and it was so busy they must have forgotten to put the order in, when we got there they were super apologetic and gave us a free drink at the bar while we waited. No problem by me.. Their bbq whiskey chicken sandwich is one of my faves, and they definitely do "pub food" the best around. Seriously though, moonshine wings, try them....
Husband and I came for lunch on a Saturday on the anniversary of our first date at Junior's seven years ago.  It wasn't so much a date-date, but more of a let's-meet-for-drinks-after-work kind of date.  Anyway, this is where it began for us.  All together now: "Awww!" I would classify Junior's as a college bar, and therefore not somewhere I'd come for late night drinks as I creep closer to 30.  I would have to disagree with those who describe it as a dive bar, only because I would never come to a dive bar for lunch, and frankly I'm not sure that a true dive bar would even serve lunch.   When we arrived, there were 3 or 4 other booths of younger 20-somethings and a few 40-60 year olds eating and drinking at the bar.  The jukebox was being fed by one of them, so we listened to The Who during most of our visit.   Junior's is relatively small with approximately 15 booths/ tables and a long bar on one side.  They have nearly 20 flat screen TVs throughout, which I felt was a huge number of TVs for a space of this size.  They also have electronic games mounted on some of the tables, so Husband and I passed the time with a few friendly games of photohunt and trivia.   I was impressed when we sat down at the sheer size of the menu.  They naturally have a number of fried appetizers, as well as a large selection of pizzas, burgers, salads, subs, sandwiches, paninis and wraps.   The waitress was very friendly and attentive throughout.  She rattled off a list of about ten beers they have on tap, which must change because there was only a menu for the bottled beer options.  We started off with the Moonshine wings (see pic).  Since they advertise on the menu that the wings are "award winning", we felt they shouldn't be skipped.  And they were pretty damn tasty.  A little heavy on the sauce for my liking (read: sloppy), but a generous size, nicely cooked and the sauce had a good tang to it.   For the main course, the husband had the Yates Street Dagwood sandwich (pic), a hearty sandwich including turkey, ham, roast beef, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, and mayo.  He said it was good, although I didn't try it.  I went with the Whiskey River sandwich (pic) consisting of grilled chicken marinated with their whiskey barrel BBQ sauce, plus Monterrey Jack cheese, bacon and onion on a kaiser roll.  It wasn't amazing but better than I would have expected for lunch at a bar.  The ingredients were all fresh, and this variety of BBQ sauce was also very good.   I could give Junior's two stars, to be honest, because I have certainly had better.  I decided on three only because I felt that the quality of the food was pretty good for a place whose business is more focused on the bar, and there wasn't anything overtly negative about our visit.  Plus, everything on the menu is under $10.  I'm not in any hurry to come back, but I could see having lunch here if I were in the area and had a hankering for some yummy wings.
The food is very good. I've never ordered something here I did not like, and I've been coming here for 2 years now. The wings are amazing, probably the best I've had in Albany. The staff is friendly and the food is consistent. When Juniors gets busy, main dishes can be a little slow coming out. It's not terrible, just an extra 5-6 minutes more than you might expect. However, apps and wings are fast. The waitresses are usually very good on making sure your drinks are attended to in the mean time. Ever accommodating, they once ran over to the restaurant next door to get me real whipped cream for my sundae, which they were out of, in lieu of the Cool Whip they had in the kitchen. Both trivia nights (Mondays 7:30p & Thursdays 10p) are a lot of fun; I recommend Monday nights to those interested in a quicker trivia experience. On Thursdays tables fill up fast for trivia, so your group will need to put in for a table by 7 at the latest in order to play trivia by 10. There are a lot of TV's and at least one projector on. In nice weather, having a drink on the front patio facing Madison ave is amazing. In the winter it can be a little cold if you get seated next to the front windows, bring a jacket. A great place to bring a group of friends. Tip: There's parking in the back.
MOONSHINE WINGS!!!!! These wings will make you want to smack yo' mama!! They're pretty awesome! Definitely goes great with beer and of course football!!!
I go here for one thing and one thing only:  WINGS.  Not on wing night though... I don't mind paying full price to have less people around me.   The hot wings are good, but the Whiskey Barrel are unique and worth a shot.  I also discovered their fries with gravy and cheese (Disco Fries in the tri-state area) which were great.  Crispy fries, good gravy and lots of cheese.  Sure, a heart attack waiting to happen, but not like wings are health food either!
I really like juniors. I often come on Sundays after church at Christ's church Albany. It's a very short walk. There is a great beer selection and good specials.  Last Sunday we had an awesome spinach salad and a four cheese personal mini deep dish pizza. Everything was spot on. I love getting the metroland here too. The service is always reliable and friendly. Wings, chili, sandwiches all consistently good here.
We used to live within walking distance and this was our go-to for an easy night out.  Delicious moonshine wings, great homer fries and cheap entertainment playing the photo hunt game.  I have celiac but they were always super accommodating.  Plus, they have hard cider which is a bonus.  Juniors, please build a 2nd location in Buffalo!!!  We miss you!
If you were planning to eat mustard with your burger, be ready to be charged for a "side" of mustard for $0.75. I could bring a whole bottle of mustard for that price...also, I find it heinous that they would charge for a condiment that is normally consumed on a burger. It's not like I asked for beluga caviar! I wonder if they charge for ketchup?... Finally, never trust what the hostess tells you for wait times. If she says 25 minutes, expect to wait for an hour or more. The only redeeming quality? Good wings.
I absolutely love this place. I was introduced here last summer/fall by my SUNY and St. Rose friends. The food is absolutely incredible. I love the fried mac'n cheese. And of course their wings. The moonshine wings are my favorite. Nice and crispy and overloaded with sauce. Great place to come if your just looking for a nice hangout with the friends for foods and drinks. It does get pretty busy as does any bar in college territory. I like coming in the early afternoon if I have no plans of drinking, as they are also family friendly. The staff is always friendly and while sometimes you may start to feel like you've been forgotten, fear not. They're coming right back with that refill you asked for. The only reason I can't give it a full 5 stars is just for that, it tends to get slow with service, and not much seating. So if you aren't into dealing with drunk people all up in your way, come in early and avoid big game days.
I go to Juniors a few times a year for a quick late lunch or with my work crew as a thank you meal.  The restaurant side has been pretty good, but I have never been comfortable on the bar side.  The usual daytime bartender is always very "southern friendly" which has always come across to me as fake and condescending, but maybe it works for others. I was in about a long while ago for a quick meal before an appointment I had,  It took more than 5 minutes for her to "notice" me when she was standing at the waitress station on the other side eating.  It was really strange, because she was keeping an eye on the nearly empty bar and I had just arrived.  I ordered the burger lunch daily special, and it took literally about 20 minutes to arrive.  By the time it arrived I had to go.  I asked for it to go and she said that the daily specials had to be eaten at the bar and couldn't be boxed up.  I obviously pointed out the long delay in getting the food and that it hadn't been my intent to get it to go, but to no avail.  I took 2-3 bites and paid up with a small tip as deserved.  Not for the food delay, but for the long wait at the beginning and the lack of common sense about the to go. Anyway, about 5 months later, I am back, order a burger and beer at the bar, and when I ask for the check I get the $9 or so tab WITH an 18% GRATUITY INCLUDED!!!     She probably thought it good to "get even" with the poor tipper, but the irony is I usually tip $3-4 on a small tab like that, but I am not afraid to tip very low for poor service either, I don't just do 20% on every tab I see. I tell this story all the time as I thought it was hilarious that she remembered me and held the grudge, and how it just hurts her and the owner.  Obviously I haven't been back since.
I'm an older guy who goes for the burgers, when school's pretty much out.  Try to be healthy so beef burgers are a treat for me, generally eat turkey.  A fellow who could care less said Juniors has the best ...not sure of that but they are really good, I get with no bun, still great.  Service has been good to above average in front, kitchen a little bit slow.  ok by me.
Average bar food. They have a pretty large menu but there really isn't anything you can't get elsewhere. Parking can be kind of pain in that area. I like the other restaurants they own much better but if my friends wanted to go back I wouldn't be opposed.
I think I have a love/hate relationship with Junior's.  I want to hate it, as it's always crowded with a loud, obnoxious crowd, but I just can't.  It's but a walk away from home and they have so many big TVs, making it the most convenient bar to watch sporting events.  They have trivia on Mondays and Thursdays, which means you can find a time that is convenient.  They have a wide and varied menu, and the vegetables in my salad were actually fresh.  The food I've eaten there is by no means the best I've ever had, but if you're looking for pizza, burgers, wraps or paninis, you'll find something decent to eat.  As I said, I want to hate it, but I just can't.
The onion petals have been removed from the menu and the service is still so-so - but I still love their buffalo chicken wrap.  Too bad we consistantly run into the bad service thing cause my boyfriend has straight up refused to go there several times lately...
I like this place for their Trivia Monday nights, burger and fries.  They are great for lunch and a week night dinner as they are not so crowed then.  The place could be compared to a sports bar.  There are many large flat screens always showing whatever games are on.  The crowd is mostly young adults and college-aged kids.
I choose 4 stars because they have the best burger in walking distance from my house.  Service is good.  Prices are good.  Place is cleanly enough.
UPDATE: They have gotten their old fries back! woohooo!
Came here to watch a Syracuse game the other night. Ordered the fish n' chips and it was very good. The fish was perfectly fried and deliciously crispy. The fries were pretty rockin too.
Cute little place. I ordered the mild wings and personal pan cheese pizza. Both came out wonderful. The wings were cooked cripsy just like I requested. The booths have a table top game that was fun. $1 for 3 credit let us play 3 different games. The staff was very friendly and quick. I will go again and try some of the other food. They have a huge menu.
We have been twice in a week span, first with another couple, then with our 3 and 5 year old. I have to say we are pleasantly surprised by the food and atmophere. It is a bit loud, but it is a sports bar with music, so that makes it easy with the kids. Service was "fine" - wings, salads, panini, burgers, all pretty good. On friday at 5:30 it was jumping with college kids and young professionals so there was a bit of a wait to eat, but what place does not have a wait on friday night?  Worth a try.
Decent pub food, nothing special, but pretty satisfying. Good service, atmosphere is a bit busy (but it's more of a sports pub, so I understand).
I've being going to juniors since 2007 and loved every moment of it. People are always friendly and the staff is cool for the most part. There is a few that have a little attitude but don't let the ruin the experience. Since the expansion it got even better. Highly recommend this place.
Typical college town bar, went here early on Saturday in December.  Place was pretty crowded, but we were seated quickly.  Party of four, ordered buffalo chicken sandwich, fish and chips, salads and onion ring tower appetizer, everybody was happy with their meals.  Bill was relatively inexpensive, beer of the month is a great bargain-Stella Artois bottle for $3.  Would recommend for quick, inexpensive meal.
Moonshine or whiskey barrel you decide
i dig this place .. and good wings!!!
I love Junior's.  The food is good and the atmosphere is amazing.  We really enjoy the trivia nights.  Try the chicken parmesan sub or the one-eyed willie burger!
the bar was PACKED on a week night (which i love) and my $4 blue moon shocktop came with a yummy orange slice just like i had hoped it would.  that being said, the atmosphere of this place is a little weird.  the bar area is pretty small (6-8 spots to sit and no area to stand just a walkway) , and to the left is what looks like a full service restaurant seating area.  there is food coming out of the kitchen, people sloppily eating and drinking and ambling around this space because there isnt really anything to do. there was a lot of noise but no music.  i got bored here pretty quickly, so i would come here if i wanted to stuff my face while getting faded but thats about it.
I came here night before last with a friend from out of town to get drinks and appetizers.  We had an amazing time, Giles and Liz behind the bar were absolutely wonderful and so friendly.  They really made us feel right t home and on top of that food was great.  Junior's is definitely one of my regular places to go.  Thank you and Kudos to your great team!
