Great store, simply great. I only use henna for my hair and was afraid I would not be able to find henna in Ft Myers. This store has it, they have many pretty dresses and cosmetics, they have a great variety of foods and you can order something hot to go, too. I had samosa ready before I was done shopping. Yummmm. I left the store VERY happy and the lady is sweet and charming. I highly recommend this store.
I was shopping here and as I have done so many times I wanted to take a picture of a product so that I could remember it's name later and then I was told u can't take a picture in here. I was then led to the front of the store with the female associate in front of me and the male associate behind me. This is the last time I will ever go to this store. I recommend the Indian market down the street much friendlier and helpful.
I'm a food blogger that goes to a lot of ethnic markets. India Bazaar is an excellent example of how a market should be run. The owners are extremely friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. The store is well organized and very clean. They have incredibly fresh spices and unique high quality goods. There is two sides to every story, the two star reviewer below is not telling the whole truth. I was curious and asked the owners about what happened, I believe their version for what it is worth. I would have asked him to leave as well. I loved this place and will return again.
This is a great little Indian market that sells every kind of Indian food item that one would desire! A little pricey, but otherwise an excellent store. They call themselves a bazaar because they also sell some clothing and other non-food items.
The India Bazaar is great the location is right in front of union square, and really close to soho which is like fashion central for new york city the sales associates were so nice and got what i needed right away
I can't believe I found this hot sauce that I've been looking for since I visited Belize years ago! I had no idea they sold it in the states because I've looked for it and could not find it anywhere. I bought 2 10 .oz bottles for $5.99 a piece which I thought was a pretty great deal for that size of a bottle. Pretty excited about that! I also found jackfruit chips, Lychee Juice, naan pizzas and even bought some Homemade Samosas. They were delicious by the way.. Not hot spicy but full of spice! I wish I would have bought more because I already ate all of them! If I would've known they were that good, I would have. Glad I found this grocery place thanks to Yelp and I will be back. The owner was very sweet and helpful too.
This is a really nice Indian Market. They are very friendly and helpful. They have a great supply of various flours and spices. For those that cook with rice flour, bean flour etc this is a great find. I bought a small pizza just to try and really enjoyed the product. Besides food they also sell cloths, cooking tools, pots and pans, DVD's and then some of the traditional Indian status
