This place will always be so special to me! Three years ago, while I was living in SWFL, and my now husband was living in California, he purchased my engagement ring! My husband worked with Song who assisted him through the purchase process, and carefully had my ring delivered in safe hands for his proposal! After proposing, my hubby and I also visited their showroom and selected our wedding bands for our special day. I highly recommend sourcing your stone, setting, wedding bands and any other generous and unique gift of jewelry for that special someone! Always a phenomenal caliber of quality and service!
Entering here can be intimidating if you let it. Huge and well kept building down in the higher end of Estero but once you enter and are greeted by the friendly staff it eases your mind. Me and my fiancé came in here and were met by Todd. An owner that is actually out on the floor with his fellow employees helping out?? That is rarely heard of! Not only did he help us locate the perfect wedding bands and made it simple, he answered any and all questions that we had. This was the only jeweler in town that listened to what we wanted and showed us what was in our budget. All the other jewelers were pulling out $3,000+ bands AFTER we told them what we were looking to spend. Todd, listened to our needs and budget and met them 100%. The most painless shopping experience I've ever had when spending this kind of money. After purchasing out wedding bands and gladly did so, we will be back for any future jewelry purchases. They have lifetime customers in us and we recommend everyone to give them a chance, because they'll most likely meet and exceed your expectations.
I went to this store because they do appraisals and some people I know recommended them. Everyone was extremely professional and knowledgeable. I felt no hype about purchasing anything and  the atmosphere was calm, unlike other jewelry stores where everyone is so eager to sell something. No one was standing around and although there weren't but a couple of other customers, the space for browsing was good without no one breathing down my neck. I would not hesitate to purchase anything there, and I feel I can totally trust them.
Diamond district estero fl is awesome had an amazing experience.  Oni helped my luv and myself out and I loved the experience!!.
Could not be happier or more satisfied by our experience with the Diamond District.  We came into the store several hours before our flight to Vegas to elope.  The associate Song helped us from beginning to end with every need- we reset a stone and bought a diamond engagement setting and a men's wedding band.  They had the stone reset and perfect for us in less than an hour and we were on our way to Vegas.  We even met Jason and Todd, who were so friendly and kind.  Thank you so much.
Heard the commercials on tv and radio for the Diamond District featuring Jason and Todd. I recently said yes to a marriage proposal  and we decided to go there to find a diamond ring . We had been to three other places and had just not been happy with anything we saw. When we got there we were greeted and shown some settings. We were then introduced to Shane who is a certified gemologist. He was patient and knowledgeable as we changed the entire setting and diamond we had originally selected. Our selected setting is so unique and the diamond was perfect. We also got a free dinner at Angelina's for purchasing the ring. That made for another special evening. This ring is one that I will look at every day and never be tired of it. It sparkles and has such beautiful color and the setting of smaller diamonds around the one carat make it a one of a kind. The smaller diamonds wrap around the setting in a little twist.. They will clean the ring for us and check the setting and replace any of the smaller diamonds. We also will return to buy the groom his ring and my wedding ring. We were shown several that we have put on our wish list. Thanks to everyone who took the time to help us find the perfect ring. We were given a certificate and an appraisal for insurance. They always answered our questions and emails. We meet and got to talk a little with Jason and Todd who were there on the first evening we started our search. When we left we had a great little box for our ring.....but it was empty cause the ring was on my finger...where it will stay. I knew as soon as Shane had the diamond put in the setting and put it on my finger it was the perfect one!
Sam and Jay were fantastic. My fiancé and I picked out our wedding rings there and time was not an issue, neither was money to them. Our satisfaction was the key goal that they had in mind. Her engagement ring was bought at Dunkin Diamonds, where I had previously bought all my jewelry from. However after numerous screw-ups and issues in customer service (namely defective custom jewelry), we went to Diamond District and I am so glad we did. I was so happy with them, I went back later to buy her expensive diamond stud earrings for Christmas from them. I will always buy my jewelry from Diamond District and I will refer business whenever I can. Thanks guys.
