1) the eggplant was outstanding. I can't stop thinking about it. 2) so many vegetarian selections 3) beer list is fantastic, and beers are fresh I LOVE this place. I'm already planning my next trip to Albany so I can eat here again.
i want to toss 5 stars in this spot because the food was SO good.. but the beer selection (and $6+ pint price point) left me feeling dry. i had the gnocchi. i think they called it 'famous' - and if it isn't, it should be. had-to-be homemade gnocchi with shiitake mushrooms among some shaved cheese and greens all drizzled in awesomsauce. at $17, i think i'm in every time. but whoa.. like whoa whoa it's friggin good. followed the gnocchi with an ill advised second dish.. so not necessary. fried + baked eggplant.. with a mass of asparagus cooked to perfection. there are other bits of veggie awesome in there, i don't know what they were, but it was a perfect blend of crunch and soft with flavor bursts. the food is so worth the stop. go.
Tasty burger and pesto chicken sandwich! Didn't drink, but beer selection looked deep. Fries were crunchy too!
Food and selection was excellent, atmosphere was great. Service was slow. We had tickets at the palace for 730. We were seated at six and had to rush. Considering how close it is to the palace, they should have extra staff on show nights.
Visited the Hollow for the second time last night. First time was NYE with the boyfriend. Prix Fixe menu was something delicious and included a bottle of champagne. We had a great time, so I decided to bring the parents this time. Last night, dinner with boyfriend and my parents. Busy on a Friday night- reservations a must. The food at the Hollow is amazing- fresh ingredients and well presented. Waiter was knowledgeable and attentive. I had the signature gnocchi- shiitake mushrooms, some greens, shaved asiago (maybe parm) with a tasty olive oil. BF had surf and turf burger (burger with 3 butterflied shrimp on top), and a very complimentary sauce. I tried a bite and agree that it was delicious. He continued to tell me how good it was throughout the rest of our night. Dad had a swordfish special, with fettuccine, black pepper, tomatoes- also delicious. Mom (vegetarian- had plenty of options to choose from) decided on the gnocchi special- herb gnocchi with butternut squash and shaved asiago. Her dish was AMAZING. perfectly seasoned. Just to top off a fantastic dinner, we shared two orders of....drumroll please....Apple Cider Donut Bread Pudding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Apple Cider Donut Bread Pudding!!!!!!!!!! SO SO SO Good.
I'm a business traveler. It's always hard finding a really good place to eat. I found heaven at the Hollow. Henry, the chef, checks in to see how you're doing and what you think of the food.  What I told him, is that when I enjoy a meal from someone that pours love and passion into their food, it makes life a little more bearable to be away from my family.  Tonight I had the butternut squash soup (which was a special), the arugula salad, and the gnocchi.  The ingredients were simple powerful, and bursting with flavor!  And Trevor the bartender makes a pretty amazing Hendrick's muddled cucumber martini.  Amazing experience! I will come here every time I come back to Albany.
So good! Had the chicken salad - crispy naan, the chicken salad was perfect with the sliced cucumber. Love the sweet potato fries with the bourbon sauce! Yum Also the place is huge! And trendy, love the mason jars.
I ate at the Hallow Bar last October for my fiance's birthday (this review is long overdue). We received some of the best customer service I've ever had. We are vegetarian and the chef whipped us up some variations of the main dishes that were awesome. In addition, he even came out to get our opinions on some of the techniques and ingredients he used, he was so friendly and passionate about his cooking. I love that they value customer feedback and seem to be putting it to good use. Our dinner was delicious, the drink selection was awesome and the atmosphere was really modern and urban.  (Also, they gave us a free dessert!) This place was really the perfect end to a great night out. Will definitely be back soon!
Greatest find in Albany so far. Waitress was very friendly, food was good, and the one item that wasn't the chef personally apologized and made us an alternative. Beverages were not our style but shame on us for ordering froo froo. We'd give them another shot if in town again.
I thought this was a fancy sit down place from the reviews but no. It's not a dive but definitely casual. Decent bar with pretty a pretty amazing menu selection. I came in for lunch and had a standard Plain Jane burger which ended up being pretty good. Fresh, quality lettuce, tomato and beef. The menu has much more interesting things, I regret getting a boring old burger.
The service was great and I was reallt impressed by the chef coming out to the table when I didnt like the meal I ordered. Seems like the only place in Albany that had somewhat tasty food. Loves the hollow burger and sweet potato fries
Went here for dinner last night. We ordered the hummus/goat cheese mini board for an appetizer. It came out well before our drinks as the bar was backed up and they ran out of glassware. I REALLY wanted to like the hummus because the flavor was good, however, it was inedibly salty. I'm hoping it was just a fluke. For dinner, I ordered the wild salmon w/ herbed quinoa. The salmon was cooked well, but the quinoa was not "herbed" as the menu claimed. In fact, it was blander than bland - no salt even, just plain boiled quinoa. My two friends ordered the lemon thyme chicken salad on naan bread. The chicken salad was one of the most flavorful I've ever had, but the naan bread fell apart. I should mention that their meals first came out as chicken salad boards. They sent them back and eventually received the sandwich version with fries which was what they ordered. Service overall was friendly, but not efficient. We had to flag down our waitress most of the time. If I return I would definitely order the chicken salad, but on a different bread.
We made reservations for dinner since we had tickets to a show at The Palace. Reservations were for 6:15pm. We were seated right away back by the back bar where a band was setting up for a 7:30 show. They were doing a sound check so it was a bit hard to hear each other. We never saw a waitress where they sat us and the band continue to play. 45 minutes later, we moved outside and let the hostess know we moved. Another 20 minutes went by and a waitress finally came out. She took our drink order and food orders. The drinks were another 20 minutes and we NEVER saw our food. The concert started at 8 so we had to leave.  One hour and 45 minutes and never saw food. We spoke with someone who comp'd everything, we left a tip and spoke to the waitress as we were leaving who explained the bar was taking good orders ahead of the seated tables and couldn't keep up. I have some bad experiences in Albany and this was one of the worst. A date night with my wife and this went down. Not good and we will NOT be back. This was not isolated to us either. We watched numerous people have the same issues. Some just walked out while some complained but nothing changed the fact that they were overwhelmed.  It wasn't that people were waiting for seating either. They just couldn't handle what they had from 6pm-8pm with reservations and bar. As we left, the place emptied right out. Worst date night dinner ever.
The Hollow is making its mark in the food and craft beer market.  A recent pairing brought together 3 delectable courses and 3 distinct Kona beers.  Each dish was matched with, and utilized, a specific brew selected by the head chef. Before heading to our table, our sizeable group hit the bar located just off of the dining area.  We were greeted by an impressive tap list and a knowledgeable staff that happily provided samples while directing us to the beer or cocktail that matched our various tastes. The meal itself was enhanced by a Williamsburg-like ambiance, accentuated by exposed brink and Mason jar hanging lights.  As each course was being served, the chef visited the table to give a bit of background about the dish, along with some flavors to be aware of.  Portion sizes were on the mark and, while they did not leave you wanting, they also did not require a mid-meal belt adjustment.  The transition from course to course was pleasant with enough room in between to prepare for the next taste experience. Overall, we agreed that this would certainly be a return-worthy destination!
Love this place! Don't be fooled into thinking it's just bar food. While it does have a bar area, the restaurant area is very nice, and the food and service are top quality. The menu is big and diverse enough to please meat-eaters, vegetarians, and vegans alike. I have been there probably a half dozen times, and in almost all cases the chef comes out to check on how the food is. In one instance, they didn't have what I ordered and the chef offered to make me a customized dish, and didn't even charge me for it. The beer list is also extensive and fairly priced. When I have visitors from out of town, we often go here more than once in a weekend if that's telling you something...check it out! Oh, and their sweet potato fries are the best around!
I've walked by this place dozens of times and always thought it looked like a decent spot but never ventured in until today.  I have to say that this place really is a find.  Cool atmosphere with lots of exposed brick, clean, and a pretty great menu with a lot of appealing and unique options.  I went with their namesake burger, which they nailed at medium and sweet potato fries.  The burger came with a fried egg and spicy ketchup and was really big -especially at the under $10 price.  Lots of flavor.  Because of a minor mix up I ended up with a free order of regular fries too and both were really damned good.  Ended up talking with the owner (Michael) for about 20 minutes and it's clear he's putting a lot of effort into making his place a success.  I have a lot of respect for his approach: great service and food, booking different bands you can't usually hear live in the Capital region, and catering to the customer.  Give this place a try.
Very cool, and nice too! We were here in Albany for a friend's wedding. We ate here the first night, walked in about 6-6:30 pm for dinner. At first no one looked up, and I thought is was going to be a dive that was too pretentious to realize that there are potential customers. But! The bartender who was serving up drink at a full happy hour bar said that the hostess was coming right away to take care of us. Long story short this place was awesome. The food was delicious and I guess they had just started serving up vegetarian menu because the chef and owner kept coming out and asking us what we thought of the food. Very, very good guys. Wonderfully awesome! Thank you
A few weeks ago a friend and I stopped in for the first time. I needed to use the restroom. As I was washing my hands at the sink a man came out of the stall and looked at me as he headed straight for the door. I thought to myself, "use a paper towel on the way out"... When I got to the bar I noticed that the man was an employee and he was the bar back polishing glasses! The employee didn't have enough sense to wash his hands in front of a customer? I told my friend, don't order anything that isn't served in a bottle. I haven't been back since, nor will I...
Had a great Hollow Burger and beer with a large group. One of the servers really went out of their way to help our party of 7 settle in to a new table when we realized a band was about to start playing.  Will definitely be back - a lot!
FYI - This review if for The Hollow as a Live music venue and bar - not restaurant. Deer Tick, Cabinet, and soon The Hold Steady. These bands know how to get the bearded, parted hair, and flanneled shirt wearing crowd moving, and sweaty. The Hollow's performance room is a tight and narrow space, with high ceilings that create too much echo, that lacks proper ventilation - a ceiling fan, or open window somewhere could really help things.   The Hollow (the space hasn't changed much since its days as the Bayou Cafe) is probably not the best for seeing a live show, but when can you get such good bands performing, I can't complain too much.  I mean if you want a rock show - you will get it here. The Hollow does have other things going for it: good beer selection, efficient bartenders, with tall and strong mixed drinks at a reasonable price. I haven't tried the food yet, but I do hear good things. I would definitely recommend the Hollow for a late, loud, and sweaty rock show. My ears are still ringing from Deer Tick last night, I am still slightly hungover, but I am already looking forward to The Hold Steady next month!
In an effort to get out of our "normal" areas the husband and I decided to give this place a try. We definitely were not disappointed and I imagine we'll be back sometime soon. We stopped in early on a Saturday night - just shortly after they opened for the night. The bar was pretty empty, but that wasn't surprising based on the time. We sat ourself in a neat room with a few tables and awesome mason jar lighting fixtures. The place is huge and I imagine it could get crowded on a weekend night. They have a pool table, 2 different bars, room to move around, and some tables. We were there just for a bite to eat and a drink so the table area was perfect. The waitress came over promptly. We opted for some beers as they have a pretty decent tap list. Came out quickly. We started with the nachos with the chili on it. They came out fairly quick and were quite tasty. They have melted shredded cheese, tomatoes, jalapeños, black olives, and all that goodness. They were some of the best nachos I've had in a while and I'd definitely get them again. The husband opted for the hollow burger - medium. He was pleased it actually came out with some pink in it and scarfed it down. He also had the sweet potato fries which he loved. I opted for chicken strips tossed in the wing sauce. I went with the bourbon sauce, which was good but I think a bit too much like BBQ for my taste. The tenders had a great and well cooked batter on them and I imagine had I opted for a more traditional sauce they would have been even better. Don't get me wrong, I think they were delicious, just didn't make the right choice for me. Overall the service was great, the food was awesome, and I loved the feel of the place. My only complaint is I don't think they had the heat on (or not very high) in the bathroom and I nearly froze my tush off!  I will definitely be back!
This review is just of the concert venue.  We didn't have a chance to eat here. The PA system is just awful. We saw The Hold Steady play here, and the sound system was completely inadequate. The vocals come out like someone's singing under water, but they're so loud they somehow manage to drown out the instruments. I've heard this band play small venues before, but this was terrible. The room itself was pretty cool. Nice exposed brick walls and cool ironwork over the bar. The staff seemed perfectly nice; there were no a-hole bouncers shoving anyone around at all. I'm adding a star for those good parts. But the management clearly WAY oversold the show, probably as the only way to make enough money to bring in a fairly well known band. It was so overcrowded and had such terrible sound quality that we actually left the concert area, which, to our surprise, meant just moving about 10 feet over into the next room, where we could both see and hear better than the people in the actual concert venue. In other words, we would've had a much better experience if we hadn't bought tickets. Save yourself the money. The best seats in the house are actually on the window sill right outside the bar behind the stage. The Hollow seems like a nice place, though. I'd like to come back to eat and have a few beers on a night when it's not a zoo.
Wow I am so pleasantly surprised by this place in Downtown, wasteland Albany.  I had the mahi mahi to go, it was ready in 10 minutes and it was a great meal. Very impressed by the white bean soup thing they put on top of the fish, although probably wasn't the best dish to take in a to-go bag. The tables in the back have a nice laid-back but attractive atmosphere. I would definitively come here for dinner if I lived in the area.
Wish I had come here sooner. Stopped in for a business lunch and was extremely pleased. The bar/restaurant is enormous, beautiful plate glass, exposed brick and wood, just so earthy and cool. Live music on weekends. Great vibe. (The in house music playing has included led zeppelin, black keys, ray Charles...) As for the service, really friendly, helpful and warm. The food?  Had the blackened chicken quesadilla. Was really really pleased. Will definitely return!!!
Good drink spot on N. Pearl st! The drinks are reasonable, and it seems like they get a deccent crowd-not bad.
Friday, 6:30, just before Happy Hour ended. Really good happy hour specials, with $2 of lots of drink items and many $10 entrees miniaturized for $5.   Tried a capifruta jar drink... Mango vodka, agave, mango, and lime. Sure it's a bit fruity, but I'm secure in my masculinity and who the hell are you to judge?  Anyhows, it was very good and although I didn't taste much liquor, I felt it when the drink was gone,  Also had a beer flight after wards.  GREAT value for $6 during happy hour (24 oz. of beer).  Most beers on tap are ones you can easily find in beer bars around Albany... But there were a few ones I hadn't had yet or hadn't had in years.  Seems like less tap options than Bayou had. As for food, split sweet potato fries and had the mini-board of chicken salad and the small plate gnocchi.  Service was slow, so they upped me to the regular size board to make up for the (very) long wait. Chicken salad plate was messy but extremely good,  although not enough naan for the chicken,  Gnocchi was even better.  Full of pesto and a not-too-sharp cheese with just the right amount of bite. Sweet potato fries were above average, if the least amazing part of the meal.  I will say that if that was the full size board, the portions could definitely be bigger for the regular price. Also a nice little row of seats outside on Pearl Street, with a neat little wall with flowers on it to give some separation from the sidewalk.  Felt set back a bit, which was nice, although it is not too set back for some bum to come up and ask you for money to take the bus to Schenectady which is always a risk on Pearl Street, or any other street in Albany (I've heard they go to Schenectady to get crack there cheap, but I digress) To sum it up, slow but friendly service, excellent food (but possibly small portions), good jar drinks, and good beer prices with solid but unspectacular selection.
My wife and I went last weekend to try someplace new and we weren't disappointed.  Although the service was a little slow - it wasn't too bad.  The food was very good with a good variety of items from casual burgers and salads to full entree's.  We started with the Hummus board (very good) and I had the Eggplant stack with a side of pasta while my wife had the portabella burger.  Both also very good. We'll be back.
The Hollow is the reincarnation of the Bayou Café which was at this location for years. The menu is completely new and the dining room has had a complete makeover. Let's start with that dining room. This is something out of New York's SOHO. It is a rectangle with exposed brick walls on the long dimension. Several  banquettes are against one wall and tables and chairs are against the other wall for those who prefer that seating. But the really nice touch are the Edison lamps that hang from the ceiling. It is a unique and wonderful space. Now for the food. I had an excellent salmon dinner consisting of wild salmon that came with asparagus(a favorite of mine) and it was all over a bed of quinoa. Now that's different.  I also sampled an eggplant stack that was very good. You don't see that very often.  They offer a  large craft beer selection both draft and bottle. So the Hollow offers things that are unique and different for the capital district. It is definitely worth a visit.
Came here recently for a staff dinner. It was a bunch of us (around a dozen) so I know it can get tricky for large parties. Plus the waiter was serving two large parties simultaneously. I had the marsala with salmon. I wouldn't recommend this combo. Also for a sauce that sounds so tasty, it was anything but. I had to add salt and pepper to mine. On the plus side their wine list is nice and affordable. My colleagues shared a Gnarly Head Pinot Grigio that was great. I would come back here if I am in the neighborhood.
New to Albany and new to us ,but happy to stumble upon this great craft beer, vegan friendly restaurant. Had a cheese plate for starters followed up with Apple Brie sandwich and my date had a grilled portobello mushroom  sandwich ; both plates were served with our choice of sweet potato or reg. fries. Full bar, craft beers and wines in a quiet , comfy atmosphere . Service was prompt and friendly and all around  great experience ,
The bartenders were rude and inconsiderate of their patrons.   A few out of town people came in and asked questions about the menu and the draughts, and the tender walked away and said, "wow...." to the next guy coming on shift.  Not cool.  I never have bad review of places, but I was actually so upset that I had to write it.
A great addition to Pearl Street! Keeping it modern, fresh, and homey, the staff was great. Now, onto the menu: filled with treats like the the THREE BEAN STOUT NACHOS (so good I had the rest "to go"... who takes nachos to go?!), LEMON THYME CHICKEN SALAD SANDWICH (drooling remembering the shredded chicken), and the FRIED AND ROASTED EGGPLANT STACK (veggie lasagna). Great for two by mason jar-light, or for a group wanting a modern, low-key, affordable evening. Now, back to those nachos...
I eat. A lot. I eat a lot at The Hollow. Chef Henry and staff are amazing. The menu is amazing. Go hungry.
The high yelp rating was somewhat deceiving- my boyfriend and I came for the student night special of restaurant week. The place that we were seated was very uncomfortable- high bar stools with a table at an unusual height. Fine for sitting at the bar, not for having dinner. First issue- it took an excessively long time to get our food, and when we did- it was cold. Our server was apologetic though. Since it was restaurant week, maybe it was a bit more crowded than usual, but the kitchen was likely making multiple of the same dishes on the prix-fixe. Second issue- the food was mediocre at best. The steak was inadequately seasoned an the gnocchi had an off- consistency. The apple bread pudding was very good, but we took it to go since it took so long to get dinner. Overall, ok but wouldn't necessarily recommend.
So you can still see the signs from when it was the bayou but now it's "The Hollow Bar +Kitchen" IF you ever went to the Bayou it's the same lay out. There are two doors one leads straight to a bar, and then you can walk through a door way to bathrooms and more seating, and then another doorway to an additional bar and more seating. There's a nice little stage set up which is why I was there. My friend had won tickets to see Cold War Kids play a few songs there, you can get extremely close to the stage (the band came through the windows). It gets pretty crowded and if you went to see a band and wanted to get close you should arrive early cause it can get pretty packed quick. The over all bar can hold a lot of people but it's not a very roomy shape. The bar had decent beers on draft (only one or two that were interesting) nothing spectacular. Decent pricing for all the drinks. Unfortunately didn't get food or even look at the menu. Maybe next time. Seems moderately classier then the bayou, it's like Albany is trying or something.
I stopped into this cute bar and restaurant for lunch on my recent trip to Albany, and it was the perfect place to relax and enjoy a great meal. There were several tempting entrees from marsala to burgers, but I chose the Hollow Burger which included a fried egg on top with habanero ketchup. It wasn't the best burger ever, but it was pretty tasty, large at 7 oz and topped with cheddar cheese. I refrained from the fries and chose a very beautiful green spring salad instead. The bar tender / server was incredibly friendly, engaging and knowledgeable. Great experience, and I would go regularly if I lived here.
The burgers are delicious and the beer selection is good but the wine selection is tiny. The decor is pretty and there's usually music.
The Hollow hosted our daughter's rehearsal dinner for 80+ people on Friday, April 18.  The food was out-of-this world and very plentiful.  The staff, including the bartenders, were just delightful.  And all for a very good price.  I would highly recommend The Hollow to anyone planning an event in downtown Albany.  You will not be disappointed.
With the high yelper rating we probably had unrealistic expectations. The dining room is cozy and spot on but the food is pretty average. Chicken tender app was clearly of the frozen variety. Tilapia fish sandwich was a little fishy and the slaw was flavorless. Husband's mahi mahi was literally drowning in a weird sauce. It wasn't bad but there was way, way too much of it. Service was good and beers were cold; if that's your goal you will be happy. If you're looking for an interesting meal in Albany, look elsewhere.... The menus here is boring and what they do offer is nothing more than average.
My fiancé got the salmon and I got the Brie board. Everything was absolutely amazing! The prices were a little high but we had a GroupOn so that made it a lot more manageable. That being said, I would definitely go back when my wallet is a little more full. Service was wonderful, the chef even came out to ask how everything was. My only qualm, and the reason this is four star instead of five, is that probably about six or seven different people asked us how everything was or if we needed anything. The attention is nice, but it was a bit excessive. In addition to that, our server said she was going to wrap up my food and add a little more preserves for me in the back. However, I guess she forgot and she just brought me a box. All in all, would recommend many times. Try going during the week instead of the weekend, as there isn't any free parking until after six.
Really enjoyed our dinner at Hollow Bar + Kitchen, and my return visit to their bar. All of their menu is very fresh and seasonal. They also have a fantastic selection of craft beer. The bar was fairly quiet when we were there, so we got to play darts for a long while. Overall a great spot for both food and drink. I highly recommend & plan on coming back when I'm in town again.
Went here for Downtown Albany restaurant week. Had an amazing three course meal for $20.13! I got the white bean soup, steak, and cider donut bread pudding. Yum. Usually, restaurants skimp on their portions during restaurant week. This place did not. The steak was thick and juicy, and the bread pudding dessert was one of a kind. Who would have thought to make bread pudding out of apple cider donuts? The wait staff is also attentive and friendly. The chef even came out and asked us how our meal was! Great food, great service.
Great beer list (had about five or six 90+ Beer Advocate rated taps when I was there). Strange ambiance, kinda divey and eclectic at the same time. Solid food, good crispy wings.
Excellent new restaurant! Gastropub menu. Everything sounded so amazing it was hard to choose, but we selected two soups and two entrees. The white bean soup was amazing. Strong tarragon flavor. Modest portion so you can still have an entree. Onion soup was solid. Hubby had standard burger which was done perfectly and great sweet potato fries. Get the habanero catsup. I had the autumn gnocchi. Amazing. The small is generous. Heaped w crisp arugula. Looking forward to the bread pudding which I had to do as take out.
Quiet on a Tuesday night, but in a pleasant way. The waitress/bartender was polite and helpful, even offering menu suggestions. Beer selection is much better than average and the food is solid. Met or exceeded every expectation I had, and so a five-star rating it gets. Honestly, for a "run of the mill"-looking neighborhood bar, this place is absolutely worth visiting.
Great selection of microbrews on tap. The chef came out to greet us and to let us know what was fresh that day and recommend some dishes he could make that weren't on the menu. The food was cooked perfectly and everything was very good. We had the hummus board, burger, and gnocchi with shitake mushrooms in a brown butter sauce (one of the not-on-the-menu recommendations). I went because I had a Living Social deal and I would definitely go back.
This is not the Bayou menu and, although the layout is the same, there has been some serious upgrading to the atmosphere.  The food, service and attention to detail were amazing.  Before 4:00 they offer smaller dinner entrees at a reduced price so I ordered salmon with quinoa and grilled asparagus.  It was fabulous.  Dessert was a bread pudding that was excellent.  Several people were having lunch at tables on the sidewalk and the sandwiches looked great. I will definitely be back.
Stumbled on this place during a business trip. Very quaint and nice bar scene. We were a little hesitant about much of anything in Albany, as it's kinda a dead town these days.  Once we were seated, we ordered a couple of things to share. Wow!!! The food was amazing!!  This is probably the best kept secret in town. Service was also over the top!  Definitely on my list of places to return to!
Great new addition to the Albany restaurant/bar scene. - Very vegetarian friendly menu. While I'm not vegetarian I am relatively health conscious. - Pretty good prices. - Very nice decor with exposed brick, dark wood furniture and mason jar lighting. - Wait staff was very prompt but not overly pushy. Between this place and the Merry Monk downtown Albany is seeing a resurgence in quality eateries and bars.
This place has a great atmosphere! The craft beer selection is extensive and the prices are really good for craft beers on tap. The food was excellent. My burger was cooked just as I ordered it and the fish sandwich my mom got was unique and very tasty. We both got sweet potato fries and they were  cooked very well. Would definitely go back!
Love the fried egg burger. Great meals to be had. Waiter was slow and could have been friendlier.
Went on a Wednesday evening so the place wasn't exactly busy.  Our waiter was pretty good.  He was as attentive as he could be considering he was the only server (bar and dining area).  I honestly have nothing bad to say about the waiter.  we ordered the Hollow burger with sweet potato fries, the greek fries, and sliders.  The food wasn't bad, mediocre at best - tad bit too greasy for me.  But let me tell you why I probably won't go back... Every single beer in my beer flight was warm, not filled to the rim, AND I got my beer after I was basically half way through my appetizers.  The bartender was so busy chit chatting with her drunk friends she wasn't paying any attention to the drink orders going to her.  I understand you want to hang out with your friends, but come on.  Pay attention to your job.
I decided to check this place out last night with a friend and hands down it is one of my best ever restaurant experiences! If you are looking for a great restaurant with superb service, ambiance, and innovative and exceptional food - look no further. They offer a wide variety of appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers and main entrees.  They also offer a selection of boards that include homemade hummus, fruit and cheese.  Another nice addition is their happy hour menu that includes small plates starting at $5.  For libations they have a nice variety of micro and craft beers, beer flights and signature jar drinks. We received a warm welcome from the staff from the moment we arrived! We started off with cocktails from their signature jar drink menu. I ordered the Downtown Mojito with muddled fresh blueberries and my friend ordered the Lemon Thyme cocktail which had fresh muddled lemons & Thyme - both were fabulous! Then we moved on to the food. My friend ordered the fish-of-the-day sandwich. They were offering tilapia or mahi mahi which you could have panko fried or blackened. She picked the blackened mahi mahi with a healthier side of grilled asparagus in lieu of fries. The fish was cooked to perfection - tender and moist with a little kick from the seasoning. The grilled asparagus was also fantastic. When her dish arrived she asked for garlic mayo and they happily made some up for her on the spot! I decided to try the baked spring onion soup (pale ale broth, pumpernickel crouton, kale and swiss & fontina cheese).  I also ordered one of the small plates - the basil gnocchi.  The spring onion soup is divine - one of the best I've had, with layers of flavor and spice without being too salty.  The pesto gnocchi was topped with fresh tomatoes, garlic and shaved Parmesan cheese and was amazing. It was also a substantial portion for being a small plate. We finished off our meal sharing the bread pudding for dessert.  This item also changes weekly - last nights was an apple cider donut bread pudding. It was phenomenal - warm and rich with cinnamon flavor! I can't say enough about the service and attention. The chef even took time from the kitchen to talk to us before and after our meal. I will definitely encourage all my friends to dine here and will be back soon and often!!!
Went to eat here a month ago with my Girlfriend, and it was by and far the worst restaurant experience I've had in quite some time in Albany. The beers were warm and flat, my girlfriend was told that the salad she ordered they "ran out of". In my entire life, I've never heard of this before. And lastly, the meals were terrible. To his credit, the manager came up to us and asked why we barely touched our food...I think he knew how bad it was by just looking at us.
Not a huge fan. The prices were very reasonable and I liked the menu choices but the food was average. I had the halibut but they ran out of the soup that came with it and didn't bother to tell me. They substituted it with gnocchi. Not really a comparable sub. The restaurant has some great design features but still reads and smells like the Bayou. Especially the nasty bathroom.
I like lunch, the fresher healthier the better. This place is now one of my top 3-4 places for lunch in downtown Albany.   I went there with much hesitation since the last occupant of that space wasn't very good.  What an absolute surprise this was.  First the menu choices are eclectic and a little out there.  The prices are right where they should be for a lunch and certainly in fact they are on the low side when you compare the quality of food with the prices they charging.  The wait staff was attentive but not overly intrusive, and the added bonus was the Chef came out and asked how we liked everything which was a a very nice touch.  I ordered probably one of the harder things to get right: "eggplant capanata". This dish can go real wrong real quick, however they did an outstanding job, the eggplant was perfectly tender with absolutely no hint of sour/bitter, the balance of the capers and sauce were outstanding.  My table mates got the chicken salad board and fish sandwich and were they equally impressed with them.  For all of us the taste, quality and quantity was a surprise.  If you want to try a new restaurant hitting on all cylinders try out the Hollow...This is a place has earned a returned visit from me..
We were visiting the area and went to yelp for suggestions. This place is a winner. We were up for pub food and were wowed. My wife said the burger was a top 5 for her in flavor and quality. I loved the portobello sandwich. The beer makes is an all around choice spot
I just stopped in The Hollow for the 3rd time and it was amazing. With each visit the food keeps getting better. Revolving craft beer selection and great seasonal dishes. I am hoping to come back on a Friday to have dinner and catch one of the live local bands.
Had stacked eggplant dish-very good. Nice ambiance for bar/restaurant type place. A little noisy.  Could smell smoke from bar area in next room at times.  Very reasonable.
Definitely recommend this place. Food and service was great and the chef personally attended to our table multiple times during dinner. Also enjoyed the atmosphere and decor. Yay for mason jar chandeliers.
My first visit here and I will be back!  From the server to the fantastic food, everything was spot on!  The hummus board was great.  I had the chicken Milanese.  It was enough for two meals, the lemon cream sauce was just right and the mashed potatoes were creamy.  This chef knows what he is doing!  Glad to have this experience.
