First of all, the address at the top is wrong. Don't do like we did and follow this Yelp address to the wrong location to the Lee County offices of Parks and Recreation. The address is locked above. The correct address is: 10901 State Road 80 (Palm Beach Blvd.), Fort Myers, FL 33905. The day we visited was 2/8/13 and we saw three manatees. I am pretty sure if we hung around a little longer we would have seen more but we were a little pressed for time. Parking is cheap and the park is nice. There are nature trails and guided tours. We just stopped in to see the manatees. My grandpa forewarned me that manatees are "slow moving" creatures and "don't jump out of the water." Truth. They are called sea cows for a reason, so all you see is them just below the surface and them sticking their noses up. I still enjoyed it because we were able to see them pretty close up and not in a zoo setting.
If you love manatees and their awesomeness this is a little hot spot outside Fort Myers you definitely need to check out! First of all make sure to come here when the weather is a bit chilly for the area and you wont be disappointed! When the weather is cold the manatees come here in hordes! If you are not so lucky try renting out a canoe and go down the river to see if you can find one! The rates are pretty decent and we had a great time canoeing and seeing some manatees! Plus if you canoe you can get closer to them than if you are looking from the fences. Its a pretty little spot and a good place to bring the kids or just come and relax and be lazy like the awesome manatees! I will definitely be coming again!
Although when we were there it was too warm for any sightings, the park itself is lovely. According to the guide, it needs to be chilly enough that the manatees come inland to bask in the heat from the nearby power plant. She suggested any time the weather dips below 50 degrees during the day. So needless to say when the car's thermometer read 85, we were kinda out of luck. There is a nice gift shop with some really cute items, and lots of activities throughout the seasons to keep visitors busy. $2 to park for the day is a real bargain, especially if you get to see some of the sweetest marine mammals in town!
It seems that the time to come here is in January! Reading other reviews where people said they came in the summer and did not see even one manatee, I get a pang of pity for those poor souls. I came  here in January and even though it was not cold and very mild, there were lots of manatees here and probably more when it's even colder out. See, there is a power plant (opposite side of the road than the park) that heats the water as a by product and in turn draws the manatees to this area where they can enjoy the nice warm water. I would have been disappointed had we not seen any manatees. Yes, the grounds were lovely and there was a park and a food truck and a small trail, but I came for those adorable floating potatoes! It's free to come but parking is a few dollars.
Thought i would give it a try, but it was the biggest waste of time. Go to place where Manatees are guaranteed to be seen. This was a big disappointment and not worth the trip. If you do go, make sure the weather is cold that is the only time they come, when the ocean water is to cold. Landscaping is not very appealing to the eye.
I have done this park twice and both times I've seen lots of manatees. The best time to visit is in January when it's cooler outside. The first time I went we kayaked and it was an awesome experience. You can get right up close to these amazing creatures. At first it's a little frightening because they can literally be right under your kayak or right next to your kayak. The second time I visited we were with a larger group and we walked the park. We had planned to kayak but it was a little windy and cold and the place was closing up in about thirty minutes. I am glad we walked through the park. We saw a ton of manatees in this little cove. It was really neat. We didn't pay anything to walk the park. Also there are two playgrounds there which our 17 month old enjoyed.
Maybe it's 'cause I'm from a landlocked state, but there's just something about 1) being at the beach at almost any time of the year 2) watching fat and happy manatees floating around. My grand 'rents have been taking me to Manatee Park since I was a kid. It's not the most beautiful view in the world because you're basically staring at a warm water discharge canal from Florida Power and Light, but I must say I do like standing around soaking up the sun and watching the manatees surface and bump into each other. Maybe it's my inner 5-year-old. This spot is great for kids - there are interactive stops around the park, a wee little gift shop where you can buy manatee paraphernalia and can also get some snacks if you're desperate, and Calusa Blueway Outfitters is also located inside so you can rent kayaks and canoes if you're so inclined. It's only $1 to park and you can spend as much time as you want wandering around, so I don't know why you wouldn't go. Oh, hey, and if you are looking for a place to volunteer, they are always looking, so give them a call. Note: When I'm reincarnated, I think I want to come back as a manatee. Sleep 8 hours a day, eat 12 hours a day, float around lazily the rest of the time? That's the life.
Kelly Ann's review is on point.  We too had difficulty locating this park with our gps.  This park's location is approximately 3 miles east of yelp's listed address but on the same road.  When you see the huge power plant, it is on the opposite side. We saw a cow (female manatee) and her calf (baby manatee) just hangin' out.  Manatees enjoy warm water environments and the power plant provides much of it as by-product.  The colder it gets, the more manatees you'll see congregate here.  The weather down here has been unseasonably warm so we only saw the 'rent and her offspring. The park ranger suggested alternate areas in RSW (regional southwest florida) to see more manatees.  And the park provides general information on manatees via pathway signposts.  We learned that the closest living relative to the manatee is the elephant.  Yes, armed with another nugget of trivia in the event of emergent tryout for Jeopardy.  Hey, knowing is half the battle (fan of the animated tv series but not the movie).   Parking is one dollar.
This was our 3rd visit to the park, but it was the first time we got to see the Manatees. You need to visit on a cold day otherwise you probably won't see them. We saw at least 100 Manatees and it was awesome! We didn't take photos because unless you have a pretty good zoom lens or you are in a kayak, you probably aren't going to get much in the way of photos. We want to go back and rent a kayak next time.
I did not get to see any manatees, since it was too hot out :( However! The park is still fantastic. The observation areas are beautiful, with lots of butterflies around. There's a small little nature trail. For kids, there's a pretty impressive play ground area and a scavenger hunt on the trail. There's a food truck and a gift shop. Tours are advertised, but I didn't see anyone take one. We didn't kayak or canoe, but the price of rental seemed reasonable. The walkways are pretty even and easy to  manage for anyone using a cane or walker.
Great little park with MANATEES! We went in early November, and I was skeptical about our chances of seeing any manatees. First, parking is cheap (we paid $1 for an hour). We walked along the nature paths which were well-kept. We decided not to rent kayaks, but know that the option is there! The water was dark and quiet for awhile, but then we saw a little snout peak up. Then there were more! We saw about 10 up toward the dead end of the canal. They were out toward the middle of the water and were relatively active. Be patient and remember they're manatees, not trained dolphins that will do aerial shows for you. I witnessed to many people in a hurry and their impatience caused them to miss these really awesome creatures.
We went here yesterday and saw about 50 manatee. It was a great day and my only regret is we didn't wear something that we could have rented a kayak. Next time !
The address is incorrect - or doesn't match up to the Garmin- just keep driving and you'll see the signs - the huge electrical plant can serve as a landmark. Visited the manatee park on a cooler winter day - lower water temps meant more manatees - yeah!!! There's something about seeing these giant beasts up close and personal that just makes me giddy. If the weather had been a little better I would have loved to rent one of the kayaks to paddle closer to them. A great place to go to almost guarantee a manatee sighting - particularly when cooler water temps draw them to the warmer water produced by the power plant.
This was recommended to my son by his coworkers. We expected to see a few Manatees floating near a power plant. What a nice surprise to see such a beautifully maintained Park run by pleasant volunteers. The park had an easy to walk path following the water. I was lucky that when I was there many Manatees were visible. I realize the park has no control over the amount of Manatees there. I recommend this park to all ages.
Thanks Kimberly, for posting the correct address.  I should have read the posts before visiting this place in June!  Wrong time of year to spot manatees.  But it was a nice little nature walk.  Will come back during the cooler months to kayak and view the manatees.  So where does a manatee go in the summer???
Inexpensive, attractive nature path along the canal allows viewing of manatees from several vantage points. We saw about a dozen on February 22nd. Water vis is not that good; you'll see their backs when they surface. One guide mentioned 9am was a good time for viewing. We felt the best viewing spot was at the southern end of the canal. Renting a kayak here would get you closer to them.
first thing on a saturday morning...not many people around..no there arent any manatees in the summer.. but the playground and the walkways kept us occupied for a while.. kayak/canoeing will be a try next time..
I visited with my parents and my two year old. We all loved it! It was a cold Florida day, so there were a TON of manatees! We also saw birds, turtles, and an alligator! There were a couple of docents present - they were very helpful and interesting! There are two playgrounds and a couple of nice trails. It is a small park, but fun for an hour or two especially on a chilly day. PS - I thought the park was easy to find...
We love this park. The butterflies are beautiful! We haven't been during a time to see the manatees yet. We are taking a kayaking trip tomorrow out of the park and are looking forward to seeing the wildlife. The park is great and a ton of fun for kids.
Wow.  Experience of a lifetime.   Manatees up the wazoo!    We rented kayaks for about 3 hours - the manatees were all over the place near the launch and then farther up the estuary and to the left.  There was a breeding herd out of the water going at it and they weren't the least bit bothered by us.  The weather was nice and warm, service at the kayak put in was excellent.  The only sad moment was when my camera fell into the water when we got back to the beach.  (I was too excited!)
No manatees obviously bc of the heat, but it was still a nice little park.  My only problem was the mass amounts of Mosquitos at 10:00 in the morning!  Also not in the best part of town.....
We went mid Aug when it was 99F outside.  We didn't see any wildlife, but can't really blame them for hiding...  Must like me they are no fan of hot weather...  Nice little park with a small playground.  Perfect for young kids.
it's a great park but there will only be manatees in december and January.
