Okay...so this review is not about the park itself but I wasn't sure where else to put this. What I am reviewing is the Farmer's Market that happens there every Friday from 9-1 October through April. It has a great selection of produce, fresh seafood, meats, bakery goods some artsy fartsy stuff & 90% is locally sourced. They even had a French Pastry truck for my hubby and his sweet tooth. The parking is easy and you can get through the whole market in a leisurely hour or so depending on how many samples you stop for. Give it a go...you will be glad you did!
This park has everything. Huge playground for the kids, 2 splash pads, steam train rides/train museum, community garden(although pretty pricey IMO), Bike trails, beautiful nature walks, plenty of spacious pavilion spaces for parties(although I hear you have to reserve like a year ahead of time), dog park, butterfly garden, ect.  They also have kayaks, paddle boats, bikes, and large family carts that you can rent by the hour.  I wish that the hourly rentals were not so expensive.  $28 for an hour?  That seems crazy to me.
This park has a nice lake with boat rentals. You can rent single or double kayaks, paddleboats and even a motorized cat boat. Beware though, on windy days, they won't allow you to go. They said due to 27mph wind gusts, no boat rentals. So I took my 13 yo grandson out on a bike ride. They have 3 and 4 seater bikes with a covered top for hourly rentals.  An hour is enough time to explore the entire park. They also have picnic areas, playground areas, water play areas and a train ride through a cute village set up with all kinds of decorations.  The small train museum is free, train ride cost $5 pp. Will come back to try out the cat boat.  Fishing is allowed in the lake.
Today I spent the day with my 3 year old son and wife at the Lakes Park, Pumpkin Patch/Fall Festival. This review isn't based on the physical park but the Fall event that they held this year. We have been regulars at the Lakes Park Fall event for the past 3 years. Needless to say, we were disappointed this year. We started the day with the "inflatables" section. Unlike the last few years where you had the choice of buying tickets or a unlimited wristband, you were forced this year to buy a $14 wristband for unlimited use of the inflatables. This consisted of 2 bounce houses, 1 slide, and inflatable hot air balloon ride. We weren't thrilled as our son usually plays on a couple inflatables and is done, so the $14 wristband was not a deal for us. We decided to head back to where the train station is located and take the Halloween train ride. The lady at the train counter where you buy the tickets was very rude. I simply asked if his wristband included the train ride and she snapped back with NO, you have to buy tickets! In turn, it was another $2 for him and $6 for me (which was an increase in price from last year). We waited in line for 30 minutes, the train ride is 15 minutes and I noticed they reduced the number of trains from 2 to 1, this year. Hence the long wait, I assume. Once on the train we were looking forward to seeing the Halloween scenery throughout the 15 minute ride. Now the disappointment, imagine riding a train in a big circle with no lights or sounds, staged inflatables and figurines oh and don't forget dinosaur land. What? Yes I was confused on what dinosaurs had to do with Halloween, but moving on. I had to make noise and tickle my son to keep us entertained during the 15 minute "Halloween" ride. During the previous years everything was interactive with lights and sounds, the train conductor interacted with the kids and really seemed to enjoy operating the train. This year the conductor seemed disgruntled and annoyed. There was no honking the train horn or interacting with the passengers. The "pumpkin patch" had a very limited supply of pumpkins, which we found very odd. Parking has remained $2 and seems to have tentative staff to assist where parking is available. To us it really seemed like their budget and creativity fell really short this year. Overall I love the park itself,  I just wish the fall event would have been put together like it was in years past. I think the prices are becoming very high, especially if you have a large family. Lakes Park really isn't bringing anything to the table to warrant the price increases and forced wristband purchase. As a family, we will find another fall festival to attend next year.
Love the park it's beautifully redone since hurricane charley.  I wish there was a little more shade but still beautiful. Something for everyone in the family
I really love this park to photograph my clients in! Lots of different areas to walk to and get a different feeling for a different photo. Lots to do for kids.
Fun day to play at the park.  The splash pads were fun and the kids loved them.  We also rode the train.  It would be nice to have more shade and for the prices of the trains and bike rentals to be clearly listed on their web site.
Great park for kids! Enjoyed an informative train ride with Jerry -full of minitowns and pretty views of the park. Beautiful walk through the nature preserve and a couple much needed "wet" playgrounds.
Wow! There are so many things to do here & most are free! Parking fee only $1/hour or $5 for all day. Early closing of railroad museum & ride. Otherwise open til dusk. I can hArdly wait to find out about the amphitheater! Multiple shelter or covered picnic areas, multi-rider bikes w/ overhead canopy, small fenced in water park area designed for toddlers to age 10 or so. The water park area has seating for caretakers too! Concessions, beautiful plant life & off the water breeze makes this a great outdoor destination!
This place is one of our must go to spots during the holidays, especially the holiday train! This little train takes you through an entire plethora of holiday decorations outside and it is great for kids. It is kitschy but a good time for the family!
Cool park! I am here on business and I needed to get outside and walk/run....this was a prefect place! I read the reviews went  before dusk 5-5:45 was perfect timing for a nice cool walk! I will be returning and update review on the other parts of the park I didn't see, but it was nice! Well maintained and pretty scenic trail. I didn't bother paying for parking not sure how it's monitored but didn't see many cars or people figured I'd be ok, and I was good- no ticket! Looks like an awesome place for kids! Will be back :)
Did you ever notice that anytime you read some bizarre news story that it took place in Florida? The whole state is some kind of man-bites-dog freak show.  It's an actual phenomenon which  Time magazine recently covered: newsfeed.time.com/2013/0… Here's a short list what Florida does right: DisneyWorld. Orange juice. Grouper sandwiches. This park. Holy smokes, this park is amazing. Playgrounds. A little train. Surrey bikes and paddleboats to rent. Botanical Gardens. Water parks.  Think of something you want in a park. BOOM! Lakes Regional Park has it.  The day we were there, killing time before an evening flight from RSW, we also saw the Easter bunny, 3 weddings, a ton of cool birds and a moon bounce. Parking is abundant and reasonably priced.
Great park. We visited for the first time during our week long vacation and may be back before the week ends. We fit in a bike rental and for a 1 hour rental you have plenty of time to bike the whole park. Our bike was a two person peddler and two kids rode in a basket type holder on front. They loved it. They also played at the water area and playgrounds. The train ride wasn't open when we were there but that and the boat rental may bring is back!
ONE OF THE BEST PARKS IN THE COUNTY Actually, there are a number of very good parks in Lee County, but this is certainly one of the best. It has a large lake, many walking trails, a large picnic area, an excellent children's play area, a water park of sorts, a children's train, and a Friday Farmer's Market in the winter. A great place to visit or "take a hike."
The best family destination in Lee County.  Ever since the Park  Foundation was formed a few years ago, the place became civilized.  Here's some of the highlights: Two plus miles of paved walking paths around natural lakes that are lined with natural stands of pine and palmetto.   Water parks to play on clean cement; one with a vinyl windbreak along its chain link enclolsure. Rental trikes for families with kids who won't peddle, a Mom who gets tired half way around, and a stoic Dad who's good for the distance.   Picnic tables and covered pavilions that can be reserved for plein air parties.  Some with fireplaces. A butterfly house.  With actual butterflies. Audubon sanctioned bird watches.   Rental plots for organic gardening.   Concessions with a deck and picnic table to enjoy a purchase of cool drinks and simple snacks. Clean bathrooms. A miniature train.  On the afternoon that I visited, the train had all of one kid on board.  The rest of the tiny seats were filled with overflowing adults. Too-woot. Open grassy areas where I saw kites being flown, touch football games going on, and even a do-it-yourself croquet set up with wooden mallets.
Great place for a child's birthday party! We usually celebrate here and reserve a covered area.
Lakes Regional Park is the absolute best park I have ever been to. Gigantic park with tons of things to look at, an absolute must for nature lovers. This park has a trail going around the lake and over it - perfect for gator spotting. There's also an amazing botanical garden with a separate cactus garden that you can't miss. This is a park where you can go to walk, jog, take your bike or even play football or volleyball. It's a place friendly for people of all ages, and there's tons of stuff for kids to do between the two small water parks and a large jungle gym. You can even rent a variety of boats or bicycles, and there are concession stands and water fountains around the park. The park closes at sundown - you'll want to be out before then as there are no streetlights anywhere, and areas of the park get pitch black when the sun sets (especially the area of the park near entrance on Summerlin Rd.). Don't forget to bring your camera!
I love going to the Farmer's Market that takes place here on Fridays during the "winter" for two reasons. 1: It's nice to see the local community come together and sell their wares - organic food, soaps, clothes. All made locally from materials around the city. 2: I like snapping pictures of the Park itself. Since parking is free for the farmers market, it's the only real time I get to explore - You almost have to pay each time you put the car in park. Or so it seems. So you can't park in a spot, get out of your car, snap a few shots and off you go, back in the car. You have to pay and have the receipt proof.
All the vendors should be required to have a smartphone debit card swiper. The staff at the pavilion didn't know where an ATM would be on the property. Missed out on funnel cake
This is one of the largest parks in the area; it offers a little bit of everything, with a nice hiking/running/cycling trail around the lake, bike rental, water zone for kids, paddleboat rentals, and pavilions for hosting gatherings. The only downside is that you have to pay for parking ($1 an hour, or IIRC $4 for a day pass); kind of weird, since all the rest of the parks in the area have free parking.
What a wonderful park!!  A great daytime activity for all ages.  They have "bicycles built for FOUR" which we decided to rent and had a GREAT time biking around the entire park.  Beautiful botanical gardens and wildlife all around.  I highly recommend!
We had an awesome family day today at Lakes Park!
Top notch park!  Tons of activities or the entire family.  The train ride is well worth the small amount of time and money. The playground equipment is second to none and the grounds are well maintained.  The small food stand also serves up Royal Scoop ice cream, which if u haven't tried u r missing out!
Great place for the entire family.  Very inexpensive outdoor excursion.  They have a little bit of everything.  We took our 9 and 4 year old sons there 3 times while we were on Spring Break.  They kept wanting to go back.
