My wife and I enjoyed the afternoon dolphin cruise with Capt Gale and 1st M Ryan.   Very informative and knowledgable.   Saw dolphins and manatee as well as many birds.   Would recommend highly!
We did the 3 hour shelling and dolphin tour last week during our family vacation in Fort Myers. Six of us went (including my 9 month old daughter) - it is a very family friendly activity and there were quite a few families present with young children and babies. It was a BLAST. The tour actually did last for 3 hours (I'm always a bit wary with activities like these because it seems as though few companies actually ever give the full advertised time!) and we enjoyed every minute. It surely didn't hurt that it was a gorgeous day! The only complaint I had is that the boat's top is completely covered, so you won't get any sunshine to warm you on the ride. After leaving the marina, we headed into the estuary and saw LOTS of dolphins. The Captain also provided a lot of wake for the dolphins to "surf" upon either side of the boat. Very cool! I didn't expect to see so many dolphins so up-close, but there they were, just jumping and frolicking away next to us. We stopped for about an hour on a small island for a chance to go shelling or just relax on the sugar white sand. Quite lovely. Good Time Charters encourages patrons to bring their own food and beverages to enjoy on tours, so don't forget to pack something! And if you do forget, there is a Publix conveniently located next to the marina. The Captain was amiable and very informative, providing lots of interesting tidbits about the ecological and developmental history of the area. At $35/person for the tour, this was definitely worth the price and was a highlight of our vacation.
They were so nice and the trip was perfect for our 2 kids (ages 3 and 6). We did the morning Dolphin viewing trip to Bonita beach, and as advertised, we saw dolphins galore. They surfed our boat wake a good couple miles out of the estuary. Maybe it was our lucky day. We spent an hour on the beach shelling and swimming. All in all, it was a bargain for this very nice family friendly experience.
Captain Mike is the best! Every time I visit Fort Myers Beach, I'm sure to schedule at least one outing. On the last trip, which was last week, it was me and 5 of my siblings and significant others. We had an absolute blast, caught a bunch of fish, and saw dolphins and manatees along the way. Captain Mike is such a great guide -- helping 6 people, including children, is no small feat with all the casting and baiting. (We're all pretty hacky anglers.) He hustles like nobody's business, doing it all with a smile. They also offer dolphin, wildlife, and sunset cruises, as well as kayak tours and a bunch of other related activities. I didn't have time to try the kayak tour, but I definitely will the next time I'm in town. Give Capt. Mike a call -- and don't be surprised if he has to put the phone down to net a big catch! (Seriously, that happened 3 times while we were out last week.)
This Dolphin tour was one of the coolest things we have ever done, so fantastic that we did it in the afternoon and then the sunset trip. Ask for Captain Gayle. The Dolphins followed our boat all over the place and we also saw other water life and got interesting tips from the Captain.. Don't go anywhere but  Good time charters 239-218-8014. The boat ride along was worth the $20.00.We are looking forward t returning to try some of their other tours...you can take food/drinks and we got the best video ever..I am home and still excited..thanks Captain Gayle...Chuck and Debbie Greene
fantastic - went on the 1PM Dolphin tour with Captain Mike - took family (2 boys, wife, in-laws) - it was great - the dolphins followed the boat and were jumping at the sides ! Also saw some manatees and Capt Mike is very knowledgeable and helpful. Defintely worth a visit, would go again !!
Good Time Charter is simply amazing. First, their prices are more than fair, and unlike other charter companies they do not have a minimum for a cruise. This turned out real well for my friend and I. We arrived for their sunset dolphin tour and happened to be the only ones.  Despite that fact Captain Gail took us out for an awesome experience where we saw all kinds of wildlife, learned about Fort Meyers bay, viewed a great sunset and watched dolphins jumping right next to the boat. The staff, especially Captain Gail, was so friendly making the experience even better. Our cruise only cost $20 per person and was worth every single penny. Good Time is a hidden gem in Fort Meyers.
My son and I had a great 1/2 day trip with Captain Mike.  Very friendly and knowledgeable.  Got us lots of fishing time and wasn't hopping from spot to spot chasing fish.  We caught over 40 including 8 keepers.  Very reasonable pricing.  Would do it again with Mike in a heartbeat!!!
We had an amazing experience with them!  Our captain, Joe, was friendly and knowledgeable. We saw dolphins (2 or 3 that we followed for quite sometime) on their feeding waters. We were lucky and got to see manatees (well, just their snouts really). Best part of the trip was on the way back: Joe spotted a baby dolphin and mom and said that sometimes, if they wanna play, they'll follow the boat and play on the wakes. They indeed did! They followed us for 5-10 mins and did jumps and belly flops literally right behind us tens of times. Kudos to Joe for going out of his way to entertain us.
Fathers Day fishing charter with some family.  Beautiful day, calm waters, not a lot of keepers - but Captain Mike was by far a top notch fishing guide.  Helped my 6 yr old daughter fishing for the first time on a boat catch a bonnethead shark!  Her smiles were worth time and money in and of it self.  Can't wait to get back down here and try again w/ Goodtime Charters
This was the first time any of us had done stand up paddle boarding. We were nervous going out because it was pretty windy that day and there was a warning of bad rip currents in the gulf, but our guide Gale took good care of us. He knew just the spot to go to so we wouldn't be affected by the wind or waves. He gave great instruction on how to use the equipment and within minutes we were all standing up and paddling to the island on the bay. It was sooo much easier than I thought it was going to be. It was a bit breezy on the first part of our trip, but Gale gave us some great tips on how to paddle through it. Once we got to the island we started finding awesome shells right away. Gale knew what every single shell was and helped us find some really cool ones that I have never seen on any other beach. He also knew a lot about the local ecosystem. Our paddle back was a breeze, literally with the wind to our backs. We all had a fantastic time and are really looking forward to doing this again next time we are in the area.
