Skyzone is a great place to burn off pent up energy, especially on a rainy florida summer afternoon. When you enter, head straight over to the kiosk of touch screen instructions to fill out waivers for all who are jumping. Then go to the cashier and decide how long you'd like to jump. The half hour is currently priced at $10 but only an additional $3 if you can handle an hour.  You are required to purchase grip socks for $2 but can use these for future visits. My energetic 13 yo grandson loved it and begged for extra time, while his 30 something yo companion had enough. Looked like a great workout while jumping into a foam pit. Creative types that they were, flips and jumps are allowed!   Then off to jumping while shooting baskets of various heights. They also enjoyed dodge ball and worked up quite the sweat. There is also a freestyle jumping area with walls to practice your form. Will be returning for more fun times!
All the hype is what brought my group of 10 here on a friday night. This place was, okay. The staff is unfriendly. Not one person had a smile on thier face or appeared happy to be there. At one point I asked one of the employees something and he looked past me with a blank stare. I finally raised my voice and he responded like he was bothered. Lack of enthusiasm/interest from the employees definitely took away from the experience. You are required to sign a waiver prior to jumping. For $10 you can bounce for 30 minutes & for $13 you can bounce for an hour. 30 minutes in my opinion is not long enough. We jumped for an hour and it was perfect. You are required to buy their socks for $2. Once you have the socks, you can reuse them for your return visits. The price is decent. The water and sodas are priced around $2.75 for small bottles. There is also a small arcade area in a back corner. There are dodge ball, foam pits and basketball hoops. It's a cool place but overall, not too impressed.
Good for the kids but not enough seating for adults and it seems a little unruly. If you want to relax while the kids are PLAYING your better off going to the park at least there is somewhere to sit
After our first visit to this place, we were unimpressed. There were six children in our party, and this threw off the cashier. She referred half of the group to another cashier who was not experienced. She made many mistakes, and seemed quite flummoxed about handling money, receipts, and basically helping customers. The rules here are very rigid, and there are constant corrections from the refs. This takes the fun out of the experience of  jumping on a trampoline. The lockers also didn't work, and after three refunds, we gave up. Not worth the time, or trouble.
Super clean & fun for the kids!
Two words sum this place up: trampoline heaven! First time ever going to a place like this, so I didn't really know what to expect but I'm always up for something new! When you go you have to sign a waiver and then you have the option to either pay for a half an hour or a full hour to stay and they give you a sticker that shows the time of when you have to stop/leave. An hour cost $13 plus the socks they provide (which are mandatory) are $2 (they have special grips on the bottoms, like the socks in the hospital) and you get to keep them in case you want to go back again. My friends and I did an hour... Within 15 mins I was already a sweaty mess and dying haha. So an hour is definitely more than enough time! They also have lockers you can put your belongings in, only catch is you have to pay 75 cents for it EVERYTHING TIME YOU OPEN IT :( There were 4 different sections. One side has 3 dodgeball courts and on the other side there was the "open bouncing section" that's divided by your size, a foam pit you can jump into, and lastly basketball hoops with trampolines so you can bring out your inner Lebron lol. The best ones were the open bouncing section and the foam pit. But the foam pit is a pain to get out of.. Like you're stuck in quicksand. The only downside to this place is how strict they are. I understand they do it for our safety but my friend mentioned she's been to one of these places in Orlando and they weren't as strict. They don't allow you to carry your phone or camera on the actual trampolines, but I decided to be a rebel and do it anyways hehe. Also, you can't have more than one person jumping on a trampoline and you can't sit on the trampolines or the sides of them, so it's either constant jumping or get off. Overall it was a fun, not the type of place I would constantly go back to, but its something new to try out, so why not!
The manager, Leslie, was outstanding! Today at Skyzone there was a pretty serious situation that her and her staff handled with such professionalism. We appreciated knowing that out kids are safe and the best interest of the public is in their minds.
Very very clean place. Planet of people here today but it doesn't seemed crowded. Kids are having a blast. Fairly priced: not cheap but not expensive.
Had a great time! Awesome place to take kids, the place is very well cleaned and the kids that we brought had a blast this is by far one of the best places to go in the swfl area for kids and even adults.
