For my 125th review I wanted to do review something memorable to me.  I found it today. Went to the Burchfield Penney Art Center today - across from the Albright for those who don't know.  Its a very nice space, not too large, nice little museum shop, and a cute little cafe (sandwiches, yogurt, cookies etc.).    While I have great appreciation for The Met, The Louvre and other large museums, I also LOVE smaller spaces like the Burchfield Penney.   The space here is good for one large show, which is what the current one is.  There is a smaller show upstairs as well.  I've been here when there were three shows, perhaps 4, but that's about it.  It's just not that big a space.  But, the main room is very large, very high ceilings, lots of great light.   Admission Adults: $10 Seniors (62 & over): $8 Students (with ID): $5 Parking is not free, unless you have a hybrid car and those spots are not taken.  It's $1 hour, and through a machine.   The show there now (through mid June 2013) is the Bruce Jackson show.  He's a local Buffalo artist/professor/author/ and so much more.  He's lead an interesting life and it shows in this show.  There are many "things" he's collected from various meetings with people, travels and the like.  I saw a lot of knives, for example.  But then there are his pictures.  He's done a series on the grain elevators in Buffalo, which, if you have seen some of my other reviews, you know I love.  That series is here, they are great pictures of structures, that hopefully will get repurposed and not torn down.   Back in the 1970's he did a series on penitentiaries, mostly in the south.  Death row inmates and the like.  Amazing series, and an early understanding of what the prison systems were becoming.   He took pictures of the riots that happened at UB (60's?  70's?  I'm not sure when those were, but he got the pics, and I have heard people talk about them). He photographs the "Buffalo Babel" series, so you will see many past presenters here. If you like Buffalo history, this is a good show for you - some of the "locals" are pictured here - Leslie Fiedler (poet / author extraordinaire), Bill Sylvester, Susan Pops (artist) and more.  History of Buffalo with shots around town.   Take an hour, go see this show, well worth it.  Then go back when the next show comes in.  This place is a nice place to see something new and, if needed, kill some time.
Few exhibits on display...most of the rooms were closed to the public.  There is a strong local representation and the work on display does pay homage to the area but it seems like only 40% of the building is effectively used.
The Burchfield Penney Art Center isn't just about objet d'art hanging on hooks or posing on pedestals - it's much more.  It's a way to reach out to the community, to demonstrate and to educate. Thanks to sponsors like M&T Bank (M&T Second Fridays), Key Bank, the Buffalo News and others - the BPAC can offer exhibits, concerts and programs that reach out to everyone.  You don't have to be a member to stop by and appreciate the activities and events the BPAC offers throughout the year. "A Musical Feast" - directed by Charles Haupt and Managed by Irene Haupt - presents several concerts each year that highlight the talents of exceptional individuals in the music community. It was a pleasure today to hear Diane Hunger and Wildy Zumwalt perform a rare Hindemith saxophone duet from 1933. Charles Castleman - accompanied by Claudia Hoca (piano) - performed brilliantly as his fingers played a complex Eugene Ysaye piece on his beautiful 1708 Stradivarius violin. I closed my eyes for a short time to listen to the acoustics of the Peter & Elizabeth C. Tower auditorium where the concert was held as Jonathan Golove (cello) and Claudia Hoca (piano) swept me away with selections from Stravinsky's Suite Italienne (Pulcinella 1932).  The melodies carried me away to visits to Lincoln Center and New York City.   The finale of the show was a quartet performance with Wildy Zumwalt (sax), Claudia Hoca (piano) Jonathan Golove (cello) and Moshe Shulman (bandoneon) who played a beautiful piece by Astor Piazzolla entitled "Three Dances".  The music blended syncopation, harmony and wonderfully discordant contrapuntal movements that brought a standing ovation to the performance. All this is here for the asking, for the taking, in Buffalo.  BPAC gives our community the chance to stretch our limits and experience the wonder of ALL art - right at our fingertips.  All you have to do - is open the door.
The Burchfield looks like it houses a small nuclear collider but the only collisions inside are due to the multi-use activities in a facility that seems to have been designed by committee.  It's not just an art museum and much of the art on display suffers in the poorly-designed and dimly-lighted spaces.  A great bronze frieze, for example, hangs in a lonely hallway opposite the doors of a large freight elevator. I'm a fan of the artist Charles Burchfield and it's unfortunate that so little of his work is on display.  This was a true disappointment and a kitschy craft exhibition in the main gallery made me grumpy.  The saving graces to the visit were Charles Cary Rumsey's small bronze sculptures opposite the gift shop and a rather impressive display of art produced by some very talented high school students. I don't understand the priorities of the Burchfield Penney Art Center and it doesn't seem like they do, either.  It will take a good curatorial hand to remedy the architectural challenges here.  I'll still visit again, though, and hope for the best.
They have Charles Burchfield's actual studio painstakingly reconstructed and you can see the things he was actually painting, like a stuffed owl, and then see the paintings with the stuffed owl in them. I witnessed an epiphany as my daughter made the connection between art and a life. I didn't know anything about Burchfield before moving to Buffalo and loved it as soon as I saw it. The gallery has a great gift shop too, with carefully curated Buffalo created jewelry, art, carvings, pottery, sculpture, woolly purses, stationery.
What a great find! We were visiting the Albright-Knox Museum and noticed the Burchfield as we were walking out the parking lot.  We deciding to cross the street and check it out, and I'm so glad we did.  While small, the exhibits were intimate and inviting--and as a bonus, we had the entire museum to ourselves.  The Burchfield design exhibit was by far our favorite.  Unfortunately the large room downstairs was closed off for what appeared to be the installation of some new pieces and we were only able to view the Perrone piece from upstairs.  The next time I'm anywhere near the Buffalo State campus I'll be sure to stop by again.
What a beautiful, bright, cheerful space! I thought we were lucky with the Albright Knox Art Gallery! Having this across the street just made our city even better. So many unique events, beautiful collections, open spaces and friendly folks. Great place for events!
I enrolled my kid in a five-week session of art classes here on Saturday mornings just this past winter-spring, and I was very happy with the program.  He's five, so I did not expect any Masterpieces coming home at the end of each class, but the staff did a nice job getting the kids involved, each week had a different theme (underwater/above water, crickets, shapes, more I can't remember) and my son LOVED it.  I liked it too; I had an opportunity to take a drive downtown with my boy on Saturday mornings and read the paper and drink coffee in the little cafe while art was being explored just down the hall. It cost $90 for a five-week session, and I was able to walk around and see the exhibits when I was done with my paper and coffee without having to pay admission. The cricket exhibit freaked me out, but in a good way.  Does that make sense?
They have a sponsored Free Second Friday of the month from 10am-8pm. They have a nice little café at the entrance. I love their rooftop patio, very relaxing in these summer months! I love their artwork, come and check them out!
When my husband and I moved to Buffalo a year ago, one of the first things we did was join Burchfield Penney, due to their mission of promoting WNY art and artists.  Since then we have been sorely disappointed.  Their new Director does not seem to have a real feel of the mission of this place and the art they feature leaves a lot to be desired.  The space always seems cluttered and messy.  We will not be renewing our membership, but the Albright Knox across the street is always a winner.
This was a very nice space with lots of great art to look at, as well as a large, spacious exhibit featuring experimental films. I feel bad for giving the Burchfield Penney only three stars ("A-OK"), but (1) the center was on the small side, and (2) they didn't have very many Charles Burchfield paintings on display.  I'm not sure if I went at the wrong time (were the paintings gone on a traveling exhibition?), but I saw maybe two or three of his paintings, so I was a bit disappointed. That being said, there were a great number of sketches, studies, photographs, and letters to look at, though, which was interesting.  Additionally, the small size makes the Burchfield Penney great if you only have an hour or two.  I would recommend the Albright-Knox Art Gallery as a first stop though.
Came here for M&T's Second Fridays (burchfieldpenney.org/eve…) and was thoroughly impressed.  Every second Friday of the month, they hold a free event and last week, it was essentially an indoor farmer's market inside with a smattering of local food stands sampling their finest.  Though not so much a fan of the art, the museum design is sleek with sky high ceilings and cool little rooms with featured exhibits.
Was in Buffalo visiting my son at school and finally got to the Burchfield Penney! The show that was up was all Western NY artists and was beautifully curated. I can't wait to go back.
Love the new Burchfield Penney museum. It opened last November and I've been there twice in as many months. I recommend it for visitors of all ages. There is a small snack bar that I haven't visited; the second-level patio looks like a great place for a summer party. The walls are stark white and the space feels huge.
I took my husband and daughter to the Burchfield today, excited to show them all of the beautiful Burchfield paintings exhibited in the gorgeous space that I'd seen when I went to the opening of the museum. I kept walking around the mostly closed off museum thinking I must have missed a turn. When I finally gave up the search and went back to the front desk, I was told that because the paintings are water colors, they must be rotated, and the few pencil drawings and notebooks from Burchfield's college days were all that was currently on exhibit. I was really disappointed, and felt like I'd been ripped off. I'm not really questioning the validity of the argument, just wondering why a space wasn't designed specifically to permanently display those paintings without damaging them. Is that why the old space at Buf. State was so dark? And what about the beautifully reconstructed Burchfield studio? Where was that? I was also told that there is a new exhibit opening in Feb. and that there is free admission on Friday evenings. Not sure I'll go back.
