So... it's kind of seedy and has a somewhat odd layout, but it's a pretty decent venue that somehow manages to get some relatively noteworthy names coming through the place. I guess that's worth three stars for a concert venue.
Oh Northern Lights, what to do with you. Highs- Pull in a pretty awesome selection of shows considering Suburbia so there is ample parking Some decent beers on tap Lows- Sound is mostly terribad for many many shows. Just not a space conducive to good sound Awkward setup with a ton of wasted space and a bar almost in the middle of the area you want to stand for a show Gross bathrooms Can get hot as hell inside
OK-Go 10.27.10 I was offered and graciously accepted a free ticket to this show this past Wednesday. Being a work night, I had almost talk myself out of going, but a free ticket is always worth it. You may know ok-go from their viral You Tube video stunts on treadmills and the latest one is a giant Rube Goldburg contraption. They're an interesting band and used emerging technologies that made them seemed thoroughly modern. They wore l.e.d suits, had lasers on their guitars, used some kind of sound box with an illuminated proboscis to make interesting sounds, gave out 3-d glasses for a video, used texting and social media to get your email, and had the show you just saw on usb to take home with you. The show itself was entertaining, with confetti blasts from a cannon every few minutes. The people I was with are more into them than I was, and that kind of enthusiasm is infectious.   Northern Lights is a  valuable place in this area because they have live original acts almost every night of the week. It's a roadhouse in a strip mall. It's something interesting in boring ass Clifton Park, and the only thing like it in this area.... It's a good place to bring a flask.
By far the strangest venue I've ever been too, and Its certainly in the running for strangest place PERIOD for me. Its located in a random strip mall, with a evangelical TV studio next door. There are 2 competing bars inside, with one in the middle (and waaaaaay too close to the stage, might I add) and the other in a corner with a projector showing whats going on onstage, which is funny given that this place isn't that big. The stage is kiddie cornered on the left side and there are MAJOR obstructed views on the dancefloor given there are 3 FUCKING POLES IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DANCEFLOOR! What is this fenway? That being said, I can't really say to avoid this place, its not ideal but I'll give it credit for being unique and frankly the sound wasn't bad. Also, they have $2 PBRs, so how can I really hate it?
What a weird venue! I'm usually the type to go to shows early because I'm short and would like to actually SEE the performer. But because Clifton Park was two hours out of my way, it was hard to get there early without ditching out on work/school. First things first, location. Hooow the hell did Northern Lights decide on it? It's in the middle of a mini strip mall next to a Job Lot, a tattoo parlor and a CHURCH. Whose bright idea was it to have a loud concert venue next to a church? When we formed the line to get into the venue, we were stretched out into the parking lot. It was freezing out and we waited half an hour past Doors until they finally let us in. Second, layout. We finally get in, the room is already half filled. I can't find a single good spot with my height because the stage is curved in the corner and these large pillars are sporadically spaced. I had many, many guys chuckle at me in pity. Finally, I got to a spot where I could stand on a ledge. I wasn't supposed to, but I stood next to a security guard all throughout the openers and he, too, took pity on me. I wasn't blocking anyone by standing on the ledge, so he said to go for it. Many thanks to him. Finally, tech. The lighting was nice. The sound was okay. There were moments when the instruments drowned out the singing, but that wasn't much of a problem. Don't know how it is from the back of the house. I went to see fun. and they were amazing. Nate Ruess' smile will make you melt.
Where else can you see old hair metal singers, experience Top 40 one-hit wonders and attend an all-ages hardcore show? I guess that's a good thing, right? Northern Lights is ostensibly a sports bar in a suburban strip mall, but it's really much more than that. The venue's eclecticism is pretty amazing, even if it doesn't necessarily appeal to me. For high schoolers, this is definitely the place to catch a show and they often sponsor battle of the bands events.  They also frequently host tribute bands, Top 40 country singers and '90s alternative rock has-beens (even though perhaps some of them really should just stop at this point....)
I've seen more than a handful of shows at Northern Lights, spanning a few different genres of music as well.  The two stars this place gets is strictly due to the acts they book to play here.  They book some pretty decent bands and tours and that is the real draw to this place. Unfortunately, the venue itself is a defintie disappointment once inside.  The stage is quite low compared to other rock clubs.  The stage is also comparitively small compared to other places and is placed the back right corner of the venue.   Once the show begins, the place heats up quicker than an oven and if you're in the front of the crowd by the stage, you're bound to soak through your shirt by the end of the night.  There's fans hanging from the ceiling but they fail to do anything to cool down the place.   All that being said, the negatives have never actually deterred me from seeing a band here.  I've just had a far better time seeing shows at some other venues in this state (The Chance in Poughkeepsie, Irving Plaza in NYC are the two that immediately come to mind). The fact that this place is in strip mall is pretty odd too. Bottom line - Good acts, but crappy venue.
After seeing my new favorite band (The Airborne Toxic Event) at the House of Blue in Cleveland and at Webster Hall in NYC, I was soo stoked (omg, I am really going to use that word) to see them play at NORTHERN LIGHTS.  It's in an effing STRIP MALL in Clifton Park, NY.  Seriously!?   I was in for a classic night when I walked into the bar and spotted the singer/guitarist for the opening act quaffing brews at the bar, where we chatted up a bit before the main event.  The venue is odd as shit--a bunch of different bar and a small stage wedged in the back.  No backstage whatsover.   So anyways, we got to stand between the security barrier and the stage, dance on stage, drink our faces off and hang with the band.  Good times, good times.
Northern Lights has to be the oddest concert venue I have ever seen. Located in a strip mall, it was probably a clothing store or something in a former life, at least in my imagination. The bay windows in front attest to that. It's oddly-shaped (I remember someone saying "like Utah") with the bar in the middle and the stage in a corner. And since the stage is in a corner, standing room can get tight with the bar area not very far away. You can get right up to the stage, though. I found the sound to be ear-splitting the closer I got, so bringing ear plugs wouldn't be a bad idea. It's just hard to not want to be close! Despite the nontraditional venue, Northern Lights books a lot of big names so you can't overlook this place. It's kind of unique really, so I'll definitely consider going back for an artist I don't want to miss out on.
Apparently, I'm too country for this place.  It was absolutely disgusting.  I've experienced better events in a West Virginia community college gymnasium.  I took my husband to the Wu-Tang-Clan concert in December, and while the Wu was on their game (albeit 3 hours late, but hey - the RZA, the GZA, and Method Man were there), the facility was nas-TAY. I wasn't about to go to the bathroom.
Got here early and ended up right at the barricade so I had a great experience here. They have different doors for people with tickets and people for will-call. Bar was pretty expensive for mixed drinks.
This is the strangest, and therefore coolest, music venue I've been to. It's in a strip mall next to what appears to be a televangelist church? It has an odd asymmetrical shape; the two bars are in the middle of the floor and a back corner. The sound guy is also in the middle of the floor, surrounded by barriers. The bathroom is pretty fucking disgusting and the security staff are hard asses to the point of interfering with the show. But the sound system works well and PBRs are $2! So, yeah, if I lived near this place I'd be going there for shows all the time.
