My sister and I wanted to take my Dad on waverunners for Father's Day!  Since he had never been on one before I wanted to make sure that his experience was the best possible. I researched some options and Full throttle Waverunner Adventures seemed to be the best, while offering prices that worked for our budget. I like to work with family businesses, as it seems like going with big hotels or corporations lose the luster of accommodating clients.  From the moment I called to bringing the waverunner back in, everyone was knowledgeable, nice and professional.  I definitely recommend Full Throttle Waverunner Adventures!!
Marco Island is a beautiful place to visit, but you can't truly see how great it is unless you get out on the water and experience all the fun and natural wonder that Southwest Florida has to offer. Full Throttle Waverunner Adventures offers just that. With tour and rental packages to accommodate just about everyone, you can go off and explore on your own or with a guide. They offer something you don't get to do often when on vacation, the ability to experience the place you are visiting the way the natives do! There are great places to see around Marco Island and the 10,000 Islands that you can only get to via water access. Keewaydin Beach is one of them. What better way to get there than on a waverunner? I can't think of any... Also, unlike other waverunner tours available, Full Throttle offers something special that nobody else does (at least at the time of this review)... a "full throttle" tour where you are out to experience the fun of the high-speed watercraft. If you want a high-octane adventure where you get to "ride it like you stole it" so to speak, this is the tour for you! It is a great highlight to a Marco Island vacation to be able to speed around the waterways (in a safe manor and in areas that allow high-speed riding, of course) on a high-performance watercraft. So, in short... if you are visiting Marco Island, don't miss the opportunity to go on a waverunner adventure of your own with Full Throttle Waverunner Adventures.
We read several reviews discouraging us from taking the wave runner tours from the hotel, so we went with full throttle based on online reviews. Boy were we happy that we did since we got to see so much!  My husband and I took a private tour for 2 hours. We each got our own wave runner because the hubby would prefer to go fast and I would prefer to go slower since it was my first time.  But I was totally wrong! We went up to speeds of 63 mph  and zipped in and out of the channels of the man groves.  Husband and wife guides were so cool, laid back and friendly!  Prices were cheaper than the bigger wave runner tours and you got to see a lot more!  I would fully recommend this company over any other.  Money totally well spent!
We called them last minute and were able to get two jet skis. They meet us at the park in 10 minutes since we were already there. Super friendly. We've owned a few jetskis so they were really laid back with us and let us do our own thing! Ill be coming back. And the jet skis are super charged so they top out at 65 mph
My brother and I went on a two hour wave runner tour. Out guide was Becky.  Let me start off by saying that I've never been on a wave runner before. Five to ten minutes into the experience, I was doing 65 miles per hour, getting huge air in the Gulf of Mexico. It was amazing! Becky totally went at our pace, so if you're looking for faster/slower, they will accommodate. We went all around Marco Island and the surrounding islands. It was a blast! I'd highly recommend this to the experienced person all the way to the person who is getting on a wave runner for the first time. Make sure to bring sunglasses, since the water sprays in your eyes.
Great wave runner experience with two guides Christie and Becky. Knowledgable about the area and very accommodating. Fast or slow you'll have a great time. Shell Island was amazing. Fantastic way to spend our anniversary.
We rented a waverunner from Full Throttle and it was great. The family who runs it are super nice. Don't rent from the hotels, they are more expensive and their skis don't go as fast. I highly recommend Full Throttle and will use them again for sure!!
My daughters and I decided to be adventurous and go jet skiing.  Lots of options on Marco Island but we chose Full Throttle Waverunner Adventures and we are SO happy we did.  This family owned business really cares about your experience.  We had the BEST time.  They cater to you and what you want during your time with them.  We saw Dolphin and Sea Turtle and also got the adventure we were looking for.  Thanks so much Full Throttle!!
