From booking our trip to sailing back into the harbor,  Dreamlander Eco-tours made my kids and I feel like royalty.  Their attention to details is excellent.  Our day went so seamlessly that it seemed orchestrated. Even Mother Nature agreed to hold back the clouds and thunderstorms.   I decided to give them my business because of the fact that they are a friendly and small-family owned business. I was so appreciative that they made this trip a very special one for my 13 y.o bday girl.  I notified Steve and Kieu - (business owners) that my kid has autism- I find it necessary to notify businesses ahead of time in order to make special accommodations, if needed.  They were so considerate, that they booked us in our own tour- so my kid can fully enjoy the tour. We sailed with Capt. Alex - aka The Dolphin Whisperer.  He was informative and personable.  Talk about skills...he managed to find a pod of dolphins and had them jump and surf behind our boat! it was awesome!!! By the time we got back to the harbor our car was cooled down by Kieu (Q). That's what you call service!  Steve took the time to talk to my girls about Dolphins and their habitat.  Salt of the earth kind of people! Book with Dreamlander - you won't regret it!
Took the Dolphin discovery/shelling tour. In spite of bad weather, we saw/did everything we expected to see. Really great customer Service. Knowledgable captain went out of his way to give us a good tour-could not have been easy with storm clouds threatening. Fun experience. Glad we went with this group.
Review Truly the best group of tours I've ever been on. I love the "first class" feeling you get on these educational private tours. On the first day we went on a boat tour with captain Alex. We spotted many wild life including dolphins! Alex took us out to see the beautiful Eco friendly pod houses which were amazing, I've never seen anything like it. He also explained the shift in land mass as to how "second chance" island came to existence. Once we landed on second chance island I honestly never wanted to leave. It was so beautiful and serene. Getting away from the busy city life is so amazing sometimes. To truly go back to the basics of how beautiful nature is, is the best feeling in the world. The next day we went on a kayak tour with captain Alex and Art one of the tour guides. The Alex and Art took us to another remote island where we were spoiled at the opportunity to collect some magnificent sea shells. The location they took us had a plethora of shells. Alex even educated us on the coral, crabs and sea slugs. He helped us preserve the living species by putting the shells that were alive and stuck in the sand back in the water so they could live. I felt like I was really helping the ecosystem survive! It was so cool how low the tide was on our way back to the main island, we could've essentially "walked on water" for a portion of the paddle back. So cool! Art then educated us on another island on the way back. The island attracts hundreds of species of birds, that other wise would have never lived in the same environment. Breathtaking! And for our final tour the owner Steven took us out for a jet ski tour. He is so amazing he truly eat sleeps and breathes nature. He found a group of 4 dolphins feeding and we had the opportunity to get so close to them we could touch them if we wanted! Seeing dolphins in person really brings this fairy tale like euphoria that can't be replicated. I've seen dolphins at water shows before and in pictures but THIS was a different experience. Steven was so good that it seemed like we were able to spend an hour with the dolphins! Nothing else in the world mattered. Each time they popped out of the water I became that much more happier. He then took us on a tour of the 10,000 islands. It was so fun to learn about the native and not so native birds. So cool that the only two places you can find a certain species of bird is here and the Galápagos Islands! I'm so happy to have found Dreamlander Tours I will be happy to bring all of my family and friends in the future.
This was a small, family-owned tour, but a great one. It was very personal, and both the husband (our tour guide) and the wife were very nice. Since it was cold outside, he gave us options on what to do to try and avoid the wind outside, but provided a thorough tour nonetheless. It is clear that he was very invested in and passionate about Marco Island and the Everglades and the wildlife here. He was also determined to give us a good day, and delivered on that determination. All of us had a ball, and would recommend them to anyone!
Steve and the whole crew are great folks. The Marco Island 360 tour was wonderful. Saw lots of dolphins, manatee, and sea birds.
We had a great day on the water and saw many dolphins.  Captain Josh was very knowledgeable of the area and took us to a great beach.  The kids loved finding shells and snorkeling in gulf.  It was a personalized trip and well worth it!
Steve, the owner, gave my hubby, 4 yr old daughter, 6 yr old son and I our first kayak experience!  It was a very fun and educational experience.  We saw dolphins, manatees, and many different kind of birds.  His kayaks were very very safe and the kids had a blast!!!!  I would recommend anyone who visits the area to take the tours that Dreamlander offers and take in all the knowledge he has of the area.
