I took my dad here in a week day and we were the only people there. We goofed off and played a game or three. We also too some time to feed the gators! It was super fun!
We were on our way to another mini golf place but drove by Smuggler's Cove and were instantly drawn in. This was the nicest kept mini golf course I've ever played! The staff was friendly and they had live alligators on site, definitely a cool experience.
This place is awesome. We went in the afternoon. I bet at night would be even more fun!! I went with my grandparents and parents . We loved it . There are a bunch of refreshments and plenty of shade.try not to get your ball lost in the water.(That happened to me) and always try not to hit it too hard.The opportunity to feed the gators were unimaginable. Feed the gators! And keep it up smuggler's cove!!!!
Stellar greens, gambling traps, a gator pond and pirate poetry - on one course! I've seen the old school, and Smug's has grown-up: reconditioned turf and immaculate care shown to the theme decor. First hole -BAM! -on a sinking ship. Seventh hole - KAZAAM! - functional watermill. Sixteen-and-a-half hole - SAYWHA? - yeah, it's a gamble: eight drops, one putt. Sink any of them to shave a stroke; miss 'em all and add two. Feeling gutsy? The course is moderately challenging, but with the remodeling and perhaps to be more family friendly, has lost a bit of its spark (sand traps removed, multi-paths filled in, water hazards no more). The price tag is outrageous - $19 for adults is more than a walking a muni course in the off-season. But with receipt, you can always play again later in the day for $1. Consider it for your inevitable Loser's Revenge. And did I mention the Gator Lagoon? Sure, it's Florida and you can see that which possesses a death roll in your backyard, but here they're tiny, abundant and encaged. So, there's that. Jungle is still my preferred course, but Smug's is definitely worth a shot. Even if I can't win here to save my life.
Something I've discovered since moving to Florida, I love mini-golf.  Whenever friends come to visit one of the places I have to take them is to Smugglers Cove Adventure Golf.  First, before you even get to the course, there are alligators you can feed!  Little bags of gator food can be purchased and the bits of food are eaten off bobby pins that hang on bamboo fishing polls.   Before each hole there is a riddle to give you a hint of how and where to hit the ball.  These should be read aloud and with much gusto.  The course is fun and mapped out really well.  They manage to fit a lot onto the space provided.   I've read some people mention the upkeep of Smugglers Cove.  This place has always been clean and well kept when I've been there.  I can't think of a single thing there I would call "run down" or "worn out."  The staff is friendly and always joking around with us.  There's always a 'mystery hole' where players win a free game of golf if they score a hole in one.  I was lucky enough to win a free game on hole 15 during my last visit.   This is a great place to have goofy fun and not take yourself seriously.  Bring a camera as there are plenty of photo opportunities.
This is my favorite mini golf place in the area. It has a good combination of difficulty and fun. Course was clean and well maintained. There was a little area with a bunch of young gators near the entrance. Spend a few bucks to buy food and feed them, it is worth the experience. Just make sure you keep the food out of the water otherwise the fish in there will gobble it up! It is quite pricey to play here and that is the only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars.
Amazingly well kept, friendly staff, alligators, nice holes.. 5 STARS!
We have been here twice. With kids and without. The place is nice but very overpriced. I didn't care for the poor alligators that were trapped here either :(
Just down the road from Jungle Golf. As already mentioned the course is a bit worse for the wear but the place is still pretty cool. A number of fun holes, with lots of water, water falls etc. A fun place for kids but the golfing comes in second to Jungle Golf due to the poor upkeep. If you are 8, you'll love it. If you want to play a game with adults head over to Jungle Golf.
All of the previous reviewers said it was rundown- well they must have done a complete overhaul because it looks brand new now! Everyone in my party commented on how beautiful the grounds looked and how well kept the course was! We had a blast. 18 holes so the $10.50 is well worth the price.
Been here twice with young children. Pirate themed with alligator feeding. Nothing inherently wrong with this place other than it feels old and worn. Jungle Golf down the road is better in this respect. This course is also quite windy which can be an issue for those with difficulty walking.
It's fine to kill some time, but the holes are are bit worn (not terrible) and they allow smoking which doesn't seem too family friendly to me.  It is also kind of expensive ($10.50 a person).  Make sure to grab just about any coupon book or map around the area to get $1 off each person.
Before last night, I hadn't been here since 1989. I expected for it to be gone, or at least run down. Honestly, if it had been run down as some reviewers note, it is not anymore. It looks new in every way, which was more than a little shocking having not been here in 22 years.
Great theme, good staff. It provides a bit more shade than Jungle Golf. Holes are fairly simple, with a few stairs. The baby crocs were neat. Pricey.
This course looks great. It was very clean, and a lot of fun. The staff was friendly and helpful. My only complaint was the music was a little loud for my taste. Also, we heard mostly disco music. My children commented that was a little strange... maybe Caribbean music would be more appropriate? My mom is older, and she felt this course was a little tough for her because of all of the stairs. The alligator feeding was fun for everyone. Overall, it is a great place.
Well maintained, fun holes.  The riddles at the beginning of each hole are helpful and fun.
