Yolo paddle boards was such a great find. We were referred by another paddle boarding company and we were not disappointed. We called to make a reservation and Dalia the owner was on the other side of the phone. She was just lovely. She educated us beginners on how to safely paddle board. She also calmed my nerves as I was terrified! The channels were a great place for beginners because the water was relatively calm. Water was provided and I would take 2 bottles per person as in the middle of the day the sun will wear you out. We saw lots of sea life like manatees, baby sharks, dolphins, grouper and many types of birds. I would definitely give them a try!
First timer on a SUP, and I couldn't have picked a better place to learn.  Dalia and Mark were a great pleasure and so helpful. If you're curious about the sport, definitely give it a try, and you couldn't ask for a better experience than with Dalia and Mark.  Highly recommended!!
After our daughter and her friend paddle boarded last year, the whole family went. We had a great time. Mark made it easy for everyone to learn. If you want to paddle board, use the Yolo folks.
Sup experts.
Great experience, fantastic tour of the natural beauty of Sanibel/Captiva back waters. Dalia and Mark are truly good people!! Highly recommend - can't beat the private lesson and tour for the $!
Mark and Dalia were both so nice and helpful. We had a wonderful time SUP boarding and can't wait to go again next time we are on Sanibel. Highly recommended!
My husband and I are SUP enthusiast and were so excited to explore the unfamiliar waters of Sanibel.  Mark took us on an "eco-tour" of the area and taught us all about the plants and animal life we encountered.  A manatee even swam right up next to us!  Mark uses high quality boards and tailored our lesson to moves and strokes we had not tried before.  I'm confident he is just as great for beginners.  Please do not think you have to be super athletic to try this sport. My 67 year-old slightly overweight aunt loves it!  No better way to get up close and personal with Sanibel.
I recently went on a trip to Florida and did the board rental and lesson/tour with Yolo. I had never ridden before, but had a really great time learning! Although we probably could've just rented some boards and figured it out on our own, I think the guide had some really useful tips, and knew of some good spots for wildlife viewing that we otherwise wouldn't have found. You should definitely check them out!
Awesome customer service, equipment n experience. Delivered the board to the beach the family wanted to go to and gave helpful information. Enjoyed the day.
