This is a beautiful venue. It's well kept-inside. Any seat you get is going to be relatively close to the stage, that's how intimate and cozy it is. The sound is managed well. And really, it's just beautiful inside. The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because the seats were made at a time when people were much smaller. They're smaller wooden fold-down seats. They look super cute and remind you of another era. But hey, people have grown since then. I'm slightly tall and of average build and feel okay to claustrophobic in these seats because of how close everyone is to you. My husband has wide shoulders, so he prefers aisle seats for a little extra room and so he doesn't have to scrunch in in a middle seat.
When I was in high school I had the pleasure of being able to perform here once, and I have had other family that have had other musical performances here as well. The acoustics in the hall are incredible and create an amazing sound quality. It is not a huge hall so just about any seat in the house can be a good seat. If you find yourself with the opportunity to see a performance here - take the opportunity, it is worthwhile.
Its a solid 3.5 stars, but I'll give it a bump because I'm feeling generous. I saw  Dame Evelyn Glennie with the Albany Symphony Orchestra. This shall not be a review of the show, but wow, Dame Glennie is phenomenal live. Brilliant performance by her. The theater is conveniently located directly across the street from 2 of my favorite dining establishments in Troy (Daisy Bakers and Bacchus Wood fired). The theater is a listeners dream as there is not a bad seat in the house. The ticket prices for the show that I saw ranged from $19-$57; I paid $32 to sit in the Gallery (top tier) and cannot image paying to sit on the orchestra level as I had the best seat in the house. They have some great off beat classical and contemporary performances slated for the coming year (including Glenn Miller Orchestra and the Barcelona Guitar Orchestra). My only complaint is the seats are small and stiff with no leg room and hard. Clearly Frank Lloyd Wright had nothing to do with the designing of the theater, but I guess I would be upset if they gutted the place and started over again.  If you're taller than 5'5" i suggest you get a more expensive seat in the dress circle or orchestra level as the leg room would have be entirely inadequate for me if I was any taller.   If you have a delicate derriere I suggest you bring a pillow or cushion to sit on if you're up in the gallery (which I would recommend...you're there to hear, not see, so why pay more when you'll hear the same show for less). The elevator situation is odd as it only goes up to the main lobby and they you have to hike it up several flights of stairs to get to the gallery, which i didn't necessarily mind, but I would have worn different shoes had I known. Check out the season schedule, this is a great place to listen to live music.
I perform here regularly.  It's quite an honor personally because this hall has an amazing performance history, and known to be one of the best concert halls for making recordings. Pros:  Great acoustics + beautiful historic hall Cons:  Uncomfortable seating for the audience + the stage is quite small for a full size orchestra
Located in a neat, old building, you have to climb several flights of stairs before you even get to the seating.  Once you're there, you couldn't ask for better.  The acoustics are pretty much perfect.  I went to see Andrew Bird, who builds complex songs out of loops of different instruments that are all played by him, live, and I could pick everything out of the mix.   The seating leaves something to be desired, even in the orchestra seats.  I appreciate the weird historic details (like the pull-up bars on the backs of the seats), but at 6 foot tall, there just wasn't enough room for me.   I was constantly battling with knee placement, made more difficult by the fact that the seats are not staggered.  You sit directly behind someone, and someone sits directly behind you.  It really felt akin to the seats on a wooden roller coaster.  Fix the seating situation, and this would be a five star venue.
Gorgeous music venue right along the river in historic downtown Troy, I don't think I've seen acoustics as orgasmic as this. Literally from any point in the hall the clarity is astounding. It's very old school, you think at some points seeing all the wood and old framing the place would fall apart after a few notes. My biggest problem is the seats are very comfortable. Time to revamp those buddy. I've actually played here once, it wasn't much, the piano school that I attended as a kid held an afternoon concert where the very young students collectively put on a show, and I was slightly older so I got to help out playing percussion. It was a rewarding cacophony of kids totally not paying attention and being off beat, etc. I also remember a band, they were called something like the mambo kings or something like that, they used to play at our high school every once in a while, a terrific 8 piece latin/jazz band. They were hotness, unfortunately when I saw them here they were the opener to a really pretentious jazz trumpet player whose set had no end in sight. I actually fell asleep.
This music hall is absolutely gorgeous! I can't believe I waited so long to see a show here. It reminds me of music halls from old movies.  the details are a work of art in and of themselves. I've heard mentioned that there isn't a bad seat in the house.  I can see why.  Although not small, the space is very intimate. It was perfect for the amazing Elvis Costello Solo concert Wednesday night. The staff is friendly and informative. If you want to buy any concert memorabilia, bring cash because the vendors don't take cards. Also, if you get thirsty, there are no beverage options so sneak that bottled water in ! The location has a handful of good pre and post show restaurants within walking distance. Notable mentions are Daisy Baker's,  right across from the hall as well as Bacchus Wood fired, also right across the hall. Daisy's serves casual contemporary food from Ahi Tuna to steaks and Bacchus has a simple menu of wood fired pizza, pasta and craft brews.  On the same block is the Confectionary Wine bar with fabulous charcuterie boards and obviously some great wine. Just a few blocks away and within walking distance is LoPorto's, which is an old school Italian restaurant. And there are many bars in the vicinity such as Footsie Magoo's, which is primarily a drink destination as well as Finnbar's pub which has a full bar and offers Pub and Irish food. And despite all the bad rap about Troy, this downtown neighborhood is gorgeous! So much amazing architecture. The hall also host weekly free Sunday afternoon concerts and also  have free tours of the building during Troy Night. Out every last. Friday of the month.  The ONLY reason I'm not giving this lovely music hall 5 stars is the seating.  It is very tight and on old wooden seats.  I was told that the reason they don't upgrade the seating is because the acoustics in the hall are world renowned and they have no idea why this is so.  They don't want to disrupt anything in the hall in order to not mess with the acoustics.  I get it. And I support their stance. I also discovered that the hall is closed during the summer because there is no air conditioning and to add it could also possibly disrupt the acoustics.  Just be warned that if you are large, you will definately be uncomfortable along with anyone in the seats next to you.  If you are not large, your butt will be very uncomfortable within an hour!
Outstanding place to hear music. Terrible seats but that is the price for maintaining a place with such a long history. We have been coming here for over 3 decades. The only frustration is that the musicians think.they need amplifiers. At least they keep the volume relatively low.  We saw Red Molly (with Brother Sun) where were excellent.
Went to a concert here the other night, Cherish the Ladies - Celtic Christmas concert, and we had a great time.  You'd be hard pressed to find a "bad" seat in the house when it comes to vantage points of the stage.  We were 6 rows back from the stage on the right center seats and felt like part of the show.   The architecture of this old historic building (1875) is marvelous inside and has been acclaimed as one of the top concert halls in the country for acoustics since it was built and still receives such accolades today. The only complaint I had at all was the poor quality of the seats themselves.  We saw several experienced viewers of concerts here bring cushions to sit on and we wish we had known to do the same.  Our butts were hurting after a couple hours on those seats.  Otherwise, this place is wonderful and I will definately be happy to return for more shows here armed with my own seat cushion.  This place is a gem for the NY Capital Region!
Good music and sound.  very uncomfortable and hot.  I'd rather stand up or sit in comfortable seats than see shows here except maybe for a jazz show in the winter.  It's an antique theatre that need a retrofit.
