Fantastic massages! My husband and I did 60 minute massages and were so happy with the services. Great ambiance, warm, comfortable table, perfect amount of pressure and they focused on the areas we requested. Beyond relaxing. Great price.  I'll be back. I had Matt, and I don't remember the name of my husbands female masseuse, but he said she was great and he is picky about his massages. Bottom line, give yourself a treat, make an appointment.
i got gift certificate/groupon visiting Florida and this place was great! I was late 30 min( do to traffic and not counting on that) , but i was pleasantly greeted and  Matt was excellent, especially-  He just let me relax in peace...( i do not like chatty massages or facials-when they cant  stop asking you where you from, and how you like this & that, an on,etc) .
What a great way to spend an hour! Getting a quality massage from a true professional in a clean and friendly environment. My massage therapist Amy knew all my trouble spots before I could even point them out. She worked out the knots, had just the right amount of conversation, and left me with a sense of well being. Would highly recommend!
Fantastic!  Matt is a fabulous masseuse. He makes you feel so relaxed and all the tension just disappears.  Also, Bob, who is the owner, went out of his way to get me an appointment before my vacation was over. I definitely recommend this place and can't wait to come back.
Great massage and a fair price.  The heated tables were wonderful.  Also they are not a nail salon/day spa combo so no strong oders.
Overall, the staff at this spa goes above and beyond to give clients a great experience. My massage was wonderful, lasting a full 60 minutes unlike many other spas. The staff there is also extremely helpful; even though we had groupons (which has been an issue with many businesses I've gone to as far as booking and the treatment of groupon clients) they got us in within two days of calling to book an appointment, and they even got additional therapists to come in so my two friends and I could get our massages at the same time! I would highly recommend Contour Body Works!
Had an amazing swidish massage by Shirley. She made sure to work in all my trouble spot until I felt great. Relaxing environment and great staff! Couldn't ask for a better way to spend an afternoon.
