I decided to treat myself to a massage and facial.  This was my first facial and it was great.  Trish took great care of me and my skin looks great!  My massage with Oscar was relaxing and relieving.  He focused on the areas that were really giving me trouble and paid attention to my body language during the massage.  He gave me really great advice on using breathing techniques to work through fatigue.  Prices were affordable and although the spa is in a small strip mall type building, the interior is great.  The salon area is well lit and the spa area has calm lighting and feels very relaxed.  All the staff was very attentive and always asking if I needed something when I was waiting.  I will definitely be going back!
SO Relaxing. It's great for friends and loved ones. Bring your significant other or your bestie. I'm glad I gave this place a chance after a very painful an traumatizing incident I had here involving an eyebrow waxing... the pedicures can't be beat. The do serve excellent salads for lunch. If you're passing through and need a quick spa day, you've got to try this place.
Wife and I went here yesterday for some massages. I did the Relaxation Massage ($80) and she did the Prenatal Massage ($85). Overall, very happy with our experience. My Relaxation Massage was fantastic. Woman who took care of me was very pleasant, calm and did a great job with the massage. She also did not chit chat which I could certainly appreciate as this is my time to turn 'it' off and relax. Very happy with the work she did. My wife told me her masseuse was a little 'rougher' than she would like and told her she needed to ease up a little because it was hurting her and just to be careful bc she is pregnant. My wife also said there was quite a bit of chit chat unfortunately. I know it might seem rude to say not to talk to your customer but honestly this is probably the one or two times we get to relax. To just shut off the outside world. We also won't say to 'hey can we not talk right now I just want to relax' but it may just be expected. Not that big of a deal but just good to know. Overall, we both left feeling great. We were very happy with the overall experience and will certainly return. Thanks.
I recently visited Spada for an acrylic fill. While the atmosphere is nice, the staff leaves something to be desired. They were courteous enough, but far from high-end in terms of the way they held themselves. Some of the nail techs and other passing by staff were discussing other clients (in front of me!), bickering about people using other people's tools all while one of the hair stylists did her own nails because she didn't have a client! This is not what I expect when paying $20 more for a service that I could get elsewhere.
Ever felt like going to a spa where you could just relax, sip on a mimosa, and even have a few laughs in the process? Well, Spada is JUST the place to go. From start to finish, my experience at Spada was great. Both my friend Jess and I had appointments for the $45 spa pedicure. Upon our arrival, we were ushered to the lounge, where several varieties of snacks, tea, and lemon water were at our disposal. Very calming music was playing and the atmosphere puts you immediately at ease. After waiting a short period, a nice woman came to greet us and escorted us to the nail spa area, where we met our nail techs. Long story short Jess and I had a ball with our 2 techs, Vicki and Rebecca. Such awesome girls. Very funny. And delivered excellent service. Scented oils, foot scrubs, massages...the whole nine. My toes have never looked better and the quality of service provided was very good. Not to mention the mimosas were quite tasty. I'll definitely go back.
Greatly trained staff and services, the atmosphere was lacking. I received a massage and a manicure, both were slightly above average. Due to the price I was expecting the atmosphere to be lavishly quiet and grand. However, the spa was very busy and the "waiting" rooms were packed and I did not enjoy hearing others conversations while I was in relaxation mode. It felt comparable to a dark doctors waiting room. The spa is obviously very popular and treats customers well, I would just prefer more privacy and a serene atmosphere. The interior furnishings and decor look overused and outdated. The bathrobes smelled and the bathroom was out of towels. Of the 10,000 sq. feet of the spa, the spaciousness could not be felt by the customer. It felt very closed in and small. On the positive note, wine and mimosas were served, along with chocolate covered strawberries! I would go back for a manicure only.
I got a massage from Mary Beth and got cheated 15 minutes off my massage and it was terrible anyway.
This place was unexpectedly great!   I am originally from MN but live in NYC currently, so I've had a variety of spa experiences.  I booked an Aveda Deep Tissue 60 min massage with David one day in advance because I was in Fort Myers on business.   The receptionist was friendly and told me where to go get ready.  They have a nice ladies lounge with everything from snacks to soft robes to a spacious seating area, showers and bathroom.  I then proceeded to wait in the Spa-waiting area where my masseuse David came by offering me a Mimosa.  They also had an array of snacks and magazines, which was nice to use after a long work day.   Once David was ready for me he told me the procedure and asked about my areas of focus.  He pointed out the Hershey kiss as an extra treat on the bed for before/after my massage.   The massage itself was FANTASTIC.  Literally, of all the places I've been to (from chiropractic massages to an Aveda institute) this was the best I've had.  David ACTUALLY focused on the areas of tension plus the overall massage was great.   The last thing I'd like to note is that I've also never experienced any spa/salon to offer treats and drinks (okay, I'm not rich) to me before, so it was certainly a homey and pleasant surprise.   If I had anything not-nice to say, it's that I feel the name "Spada" for a spa/salon is just plain silly and weird to say, but other than that it was a great experience.
Though I enjoyed my hairdresser (her skills and personality), I found a charge for a 20 minute blow-dry of $40 a bit ridiculous; a la carte for every hair service seems overboard-next I'll be getting a charge for my hair to be brushed). The staff behind the counter was charging me for services I didn't use and I had to ask for details of the charge (since no receipt accompanied and I was using a gift certificate, it sounded a bit steep and thankfully I corrected the extra charge for a haircut I did not receive). My color came out great and glad someone local uses Aveda color. Feel that the front desk needs some fine tuning. I will be scheduling a spa service next and hoping for a positive experience.
Not what I had expected. Although Victoria was good and I would go back to her, I will not return to the spa. Very tense atmosphere. Very loud--could in no way relax. A woman who was not receiving services sat in the pedi chair and talked very loud to another woman who was receiving services. There may have been 25 seconds of peace and quiet. The manicurists were helpless in that situation but I feel a manager could have improved the situation in some manner. When I left I was not asked in any way if everything was ok. The girls at the checkout were very near to being rude--let's just say distracted. I do not feel the wine being offered to the women helped the situation. They just got louder with each glass. I have really never experienced anything quite like it. And, do not wish to do so again.
I got three dermabraisons here last year.  Unfortunately it made not one bit of difference in my skin.  The person who worked on me was very nice, however. The people who are behind a VERY tall counter when you walk in were not overly friendly in that they were all pretty much preoccupied with other things (and the phone).  No one offered to take time with me to explain products, services, etc.  Instead they have a "brochure" to read.  The place was busy when I was there so there must be a lot of people who love it.  It has a GOOD atmosphere back in the spa services area, is quite and pleasant.  I wouldn't say it's actually posh but for this area I may be wrong.
I recently went to Spada for a massage. I was a bit nervous at first  but Lucy who was my massage therapist put me right at ease. She asked me exactly where my areas were that needed attention went right at it. It was the best massage by far I've had in the 10 years I've been getting them. Next time you go to Spada for a massage ask for Lucy!
Gorgeous decor and awesome staff!  I booked a eyebrow threading there at a steeper cost of $18, it was as cheap as I could find in the area.  While they accidentally booked me on a day when the threader was off, they offered to tweeze my brows for the same price.  She spent over 20 minutes on it and I was pleased with the results.  A handsome tip was offered and this place just wowed me with the waiting area and overall experience from start to finish.
Was just at Spada to purchase some Aveda shampoo, so I really cannot comment on the spa or salon services. I did need some help in choosing a shampoo and was helped immediately. They sure looked busy which says something about this spa!
This is MY fav place to relax!  It only gets 4 stars because its pretty pricey & they just increased their prices :(.  Lush robes, good wine, fantastic facials.
Place was recommended by friends...pretty much as expected. Very small unisex locker room with one bathroom and two showers. Sauna is also very small and is a stand alone unit. My treatment was ok, would have been better if the room was not so cold,lights turned down,music up,and neck pillow please!
I went in for a one hour massage. I was hoping to be blown away by a full service spa but even though there was no specific reason, I simply didn't feel welcome or comfortable. The massage was so-so. I am not sure why they ask you where you want special attention (neck and shoulders) if they aren't going to give it to you anyway. Since I was using a gift certificate I still had enough left for a haircut and color so made an additional appointment while I was there deciding that it really wasn't worth it to get another massage. The haircut and color was again, so-so. They couldn't do what I wanted and really didn't offer me any alternatives. Again, I didn't feel welcome and didn't get the service I wished for. I haven't found a place since moving to Fort Myers that I really feel like going back to....I guess the search is still on :)
My fellow bridesmaids and I went here for formal hair styling and makeup application, and most of us were happy with the results.  Spada offers a relaxing environment, with plenty of tea, mimosas, and snacks, which makes it perfect for a group wanting to socialize while they wait.  My stylist, Erin, was slightly delayed in getting to me, but she did a great job, and even "cleaned up" (basically, redid!) a bad cut I had gotten elsewhere before she styled my hair.  This made the $35 price, ostensibly for a style only, well worth it!  The only thing we didn't understand was why our bride friend was charged $20 more for her makeup than any of the maids, when the time spent was the same and the "bride makeup" did not seem to include anything extra that we could notice.  Nonetheless, we were happy with the place, and were impressed at how down-to-earth the staff was compared to other comparably priced salons.
