Beautiful hotel, and quite luxurious. My room has a king bed and a sitting area, and it's appearance is clean, coastal, and modern. My room is facing the pools, and past the pools is the Florida greens, islands, and waters, and it is breathtaking. Make sure you have a real balcony, a high floored room, and face these pools!! Free wifi, free DVD rentals, free water bottles, and they offered me a free mimosa on check in. I was surprised by that because usually nicer hotel seem to nickel and dime you. I met with family at the poolS, which is perfect for kids and adults both. The slide is fun for adults too! I didn't order any poolside grub or drinks. The pools are well kept and lovely, and a lap pool is available for those who are more serious I added breakfast to my room, but I will post it to the restaurant area. This place is better than a cruise, great for kids, and perfect to unwind. I try the ferry to the island today, and I look forward to it (although my fam tells me the mini beach is nice and private but rocky).
Guests be warned... Housekeeping does not wash your hotel room cups and glasses! Health risk here.  Although the hotel is beautiful, the restaurants are wonderful, the staff is generally kind and attentive, the pools are a tropical paradise etc. I can't begin to express my disappointment when I found that my two coffee cups had been rinsed and replaced without having been taken out of the room and replaced with sanitized cups.   Further, cups and glasses are placed facedown on the leather coasters in the bathroom (can anyone say germs)?.... Ever since I saw the video documentary where housekeeping staff were captured on hidden camera wiping cups and glasses and returning them as clean, I put a small dab of lipstick on my dirty cups and glasses. I have never - until my stay this weekend at the Hyatt Coconut point, found my lipstick marked glasses returned as if they were clean.  Imagine my horror when I found my lipstick smudged dirty cups returned as clean on the dirty leather coasters !!!   I took the cups to the desk manager and explained what had happened. I showed him the dirty glasses with my lipstick smudged as though they had been quickly wiped down before housekeeping staff replace them as "clean". The desk manager apologized and assured me that housekeeping would bring me fresh cups and glasses.  I asked them not to use the leather germ ridden coasters where my dirty cups had just been placed and requested that might clean cups and glasses be left face up outside of the bathroom near the coffee maker.  Imagine my horror when I returned to my room hours later to find the new cups facedown on the germ ridden leather coasters.  Horrified I took the cups and returned to the desk manager. He apologized again and essentially externalized blame saying that he had instructed housekeeping not to put the cups facedown on the leather coasters. He said he would speak to the director of housekeeping personally. In my opinion such a luxurious hotel should not have had this happen at all.....much less have to speak to the housekeeping manager because it wasn't corrected after it was brought to their attention. A beautiful world-class hotel but with FRIGHTENING HOUSEKEEPING practices.    It begs the question of what other corners are cut by the housekeeping staff when supposedly cleaning your room.   Sadly disappointed in Hyatt.
Great view,  great room, awesome day after a Tropical Storm. If you have kids, this place has it all to keep them happy! From waterfalls to 3 story high watersides! *Must get up early to get a wrist -band to it's neighbor premise to use the lazy river and that in itself is worth the trip! Even with some minor problems to the premise, we had a great time. This time we were not able to take the ferry to cross over to their private beach, due to the tropical storm, this little island suffered some damages to their pump house and some beach erosion cause by tropical storm Andrea that passed through the area on Thursday. But the pools were open and the surroundings were spectacular!   When we finally got to the lazy river, we were able to take a full turn around the pool then suddenly their electricity went down, cutting our time short. But, the next day we made up for the loss of time. We even heard of a bear crossing their boardwalk (actually a Cub) animal control were there to remove the cute bear.  I wish I had a picture of it! This place is worth the time and money for couples and a family trip! Two thumbs up for the service!  They were the best in the business! Room was super clean and our view was amazing!  *ask for ocean-view!
Named "Stillwater", this spa delivers on expert services and serene atmosphere.  My sister and I met here  for therapeutic massages and general relaxation.  The time flew, and we were never rushed to leave as we luxuriated in our terry white robes at the Stillwater. In an unusual welcome, you are escorted via elevator to a small balcony overlooking the spa receiving area.  A table is stocked with "small bites" of goat cheese and crackers with tomatoe paste, alongside martini glasses ready for cool, spa cocktails of filtered water with a smash of cucumber or lemon.   Once inside, there are three corridors of wood faced lockers that lead to a common vanity area.  The usual products are here, but surprisingly absent are deodorant and hair spray.  Large teak furniture populate a softly lit "relaxation room" which was a great place to sip hot tea - I chose a Rainforest Mate - while waiting for individual massage appts.  We also choose to steam a bit, as if there wasnt enough humidity to experience  outside in the Florida climate to satisfy that urge.  After the wonderful massages, we met again in the Relaxation Room and were offered glasses of wine. 80 minutes' massage was $160.  My therapist said that about 60% of Stillwater's clientele are locals during season.  Most look for Ritz level service but come to Stillwater because it is open to the public as well aS to resort guests.
Really enjoyed my day here, the pool, the people and spa amenities. Be careful as the lounge chairs at the pools back onto some hedges and I got brutally stung by a wasp as I walked by.  :( Drinks at the pool are $12, I find that a bit steep, no expense account here to ease that sting! Hubby was at this resort for a conference. Staff were excellent, food on a daily basis for him (breakfast and lunch) was good, fresh and the kitchen made an effort not to be too repetitive with the meals over the span of a week. The grounds are lovely. I especially liked the water features outside and the fact that there was an adults only pool. Big water slide on the other side for children. There are some gift shops on site, a coffee shop and jewelery shops on site. The valet guys were awesome, very efficient. They will give you a small, cold bottle of water on your way out if you ask. You can get valet validated after a spa treatment at the Stillwater, otherwise valet parking is $5. very reasonable. Would stay here and would recommend. Our friend said that his room here was very nice. 15 minutes from Bonita Beach by car. There is water taxi shuttle at the resort  that I heard will take you across to a beach as well (included in your stay) We found the facilities for a conference held here to be more than adequate. Anxious to come back!
For me, i give it a 3.   Based on new rating scale, 3 is 'i enjoyed it but not running back'.     The hotel is under renovation.   So you might get a renovated room ( we did) and you might not.     The lobby is wide open, and I liked that.    Check in was interesting as the lady checking us in had a pretty thick accent and we made out that some other family was sharing my friend's reservation.....ok....took a bit to sort out. We got rooms on the 8th floor...We had room 820 and our friends had 821.  While not adjoining like we requested, they were across the hall so we could put the latch out keeping the door open and easily go back and forth. The rooms were nice and clean.   We noticed a bed light was crooked (already??) and they didn't put any real storage under the sink (the towels were in baskets).  Looks nice, but not really practical....seemed like they were saving a buck or two. Housekeeping was hit or miss...they didn't take the champagne glasses they gave us upon check in..so these were our friends throughout the visit. The pool was really nice...huge zero entry which was awesome for our two year old who can't swim.  Nicely done.    Pool was crowded.   The water slide was pretty awesome for a hotel.....we had fun going on that.   I wish they livened it up a bit with some live music or something. especially on a holiday weekend.     They just had some speakers going. Here's what I didn't like about the pool....you were allowed to get there as early as you want and reserve chairs.  So we went out about 9:00 on the first day and  almost every chair was taken...even though only 2 people were at the pool.  C'mon...that's not cool.      I watched on the 2nd day as 8 chairs next to me, all under the big umbrellas, were not touched for two hours.   2 of them were even from the family in the row of chairs in front..and all they did was keep their stuff on it.  It was almost as if the mentality was 'well if they are going to do, so am I'.    I believe the hotel needs some sort of policy here. We didn't go to the beach as folks we met said that it was a walk/drive to the marina to then get on a boat which picked up every hour and the beach was rocky.  Uhh..no thanks. The bellhops were awesome though.... extremely friendly and good at what they do. Overall, enjoyed the stay.
This is a very family-oriented hotel, and thus, not for me. The property is beautiful though and I would go back if the price was right. I will sum up the pros and cons, starting with the best attributes. Five Star Feautures: Newfoundland Doggie Mascots (Hoss and Honey Bear I think) are roaming the premises, being the cutest and sweetest dogs I have ever seen. They look like little bears and are very friendly and gentle. Balconies in the corner rooms offer views in several directions. Unfortunately there was construction going on near the hotel so I didn't get to enjoy the balconies as much as I'd like (construction was very minor, but lots of "beep-beep" noises that I did not want to listen to). Lobby and main areas were beautiful and classic. Loved the decor. Service was great; all staff were very friendly. Our housekeeper Miriam did a great job and we were sure to leave a daily tip. Loved the toiletries that were provided--they were a nice unisex clean citrus smell and worked great on my fine wavy hair. Four Star Features: Pool area is very nice and we had no problem finding a chair during the week. On the weekend (July4th) the hotel was packed with tons of people and their kids so we did not try to go to the pool on those days. Loved the waterslide and the idea of the adult's pool, although the pool areas are so close together that you can still hear noise from the kiddos. Beach area is pretty decent, although I prefer going to nearby Barefoot Beach. It is nice to have as an option, but I would not want to spend the whole day there. Very shelly and not much room for walking. Also, you can easily book water excursions from the onsite excursions desk. (We did a fireworks cruise on July 4th which was fine.) Coffee provided in the room is the single cup filter packs and tasted fine for free. It was nice to have a fridge in the room although it does not hold much more than a few drinks and a plate of fruit. Location is pretty good as a "home base"--there's a mall nearby along with Barefoot Beach, if you have a car. Sanibel and Naples are also a short trip away. Three Stars Attributes: The bathtub is pretty crummy, but they are an eco-friendly hotel so I will let that slide. Also, the beds weren't super comfortable. I prefer a plump, pillowy mattress and these were firm and seemed a little past their prime.
Nice hotel. Beautiful property. Nicer than the two Ritz Carltons in Naples.
Great hotel have always been happy with my room and the service
What a pleasant surprise we had staying here! We got an amazing deal through JetBlue to fly down and a great rate. We did not know what to expect but this place exceeded our expectations! Everything from the beautiful hotel grounds and rooms to the private beach was fabulous! LOTS to do with our son and friends and we had an amazing trip! We are already thinking about going back!
