Katy did an amazing job on my hair! I came in with tri - colored hair with grown out layers, and left with a beautiful brown - red all over color with perfect layers! I don't even have to use a flat iron now! Just blow dry and go!  :) totally worth the price!
After moving to Florida I was scared to let someone touch my hair because my stylist was one of a kind! So I looked up reviews on Red Salon and Spa. The area was nice and they has pretty good reviews. I went in for highlights and I myself am a cosmetologist so needless to say, I am the worst client to have. My highlights came out okay for the most part except they weren't on the scalp so it looked like I had regrowth right away. The owner who was very pleasant called me to ask how my hair came  out and I let him know my concerns. He got me back in right away to fix the problem. The second girl who tried to fix my highlights made them even worse and noticeable. It's a month later and my hair looks really grown out. I thought I would give it another chance and went for a haircut. The girl was running late which is fine I understand. Well turns out she was cutting my hair while she let someone else's hair process. In the middle of my haircut which seemed EXTREMELY rushed, the front desk girl tells her that her next appointment is there and she started freaking out trying to find someone to wash out the other girls highlights. I did not feel like she took the time on my hair cut which came out okay I guess. It's time for me to find a new salon which is a bummer because it's not far from my work and I really liked the vibe.
I got a hair cut there recently & was very unhappy, the hair on the back of my head is 1/8 of an inch long, want to go around wearing a hat all the time, thank God my hair grows quickly. WILL NEVER go back there even if it were free~!
KATY CLARK is your go-to girl for everything from highlights, color placement, ombré, and extensions. I moved to Florida from DC and found this place randomly. I was so lucky to have met Katy on my first visit. She took me from dark brown to blonde, back to brown, and now to ombré with extensions in between visits. I constantly get compliments on my hair and the best part is that she has maintained the integrity of my hair for the past year even through all of the coloring!
I've gone to Red's on and off for over a decade. One reason I've kept going back is that Red's stylists are highly educated and are passionate about their work. If I want a cutting edge cut or color, they would be the first place I'd go to or recommend someone go. This isn't SuperCuts so you might be shelling out a little more cash, but it's worth every penny. I don't honestly think Red's is more expensive than any other high end salon and I've been happy with my hair each and every time I've gone to Red's. And as far as the noise factor, it's a busy salon, but I've always felt relaxed there. Red's also has a location in Cape Coral.  They have great e-mail deals as well but don't bombard your inbox with spammy e-blasts daily, which I appreciate.   Bottom line is that I've lived in Fort Myers my entire life and when someone asks me where to get their hair or nails done, I send them here.
I had my hair and makeup done here for my wedding.  Was super bummed out by the whole experience.  My hairstylist was difficult and didn't do what I asked for even after 2 hair trials.  ( I wasn't in love with the style, but it looked good.)  My biggest issue was the makeup. Some annoying little emo chick who only complained about herself did my makeup and my mothers and sisters.  We did the airbrush makeup.  My moms looked good, when my sister cried it ran all over her face and my face looked like a ghostly white.  Thank God I brought my own make up with me back at the ceremony.  I corrected everyone and actually gave them some color.  About 45 min to walking down the aisle my sister had to run to Walgreens because my eye lashes where coming off.  For the amount of money that we paid, I would've expected better service and better quality.  If you buy the bridal package its a huge rip off too!!  We were told we were getting champagne and strawberries, we got none.  And when I went to get my nails taken off after the wedding the girl didn't take them off all of the way and they started to break and tear.  I had to have them grind off at another salon.  I would NEVER in a million years recommend this place to anyone for any reason.
My mom and sister bought me a package here for my birthday with a hour facial, an hour massage, and a pedicure.  The facial was lovely, the massage was nice and so was the pedicure.  My only complaint was the noise level of this place.  I didn't get to get the full relaxation of the package.  The room where they do the massage and facials is right next to the manicure stations and people yelling on their cell phones and children buzzing about made it very noisy.  Due to the cost and the noise I think I will go relax somewhere else.
JT is fantatic!  Everyone else who has cut my hair in Fort Myers has made it too short and totally un-feminine.  JT really softened my look and he also did a super job with the color.  I highly recommend him and the salon.  I am so glad I found it!!!!
Got bangs and a hair cut here... Was not impressed with how it turned out. Had to grow out random pieces that were cut in strange places on my head...
