I had a great first experience . Christina cut my hair and did an amazing job. The staff is super friendly and caring . I showed a picture of what I kinda wanted and she made the picture look bad . My hair looks amazing I never thought I would go as short as I did but not one part of me regrets it. I'm not gonna go anywhere else . Extremely pleased with the service I was provided !!
This almost never happens - you move to a new city and the very first hair stylist you go to is absolutely wonderful!  Lily had some good things said about her on other review sites so I called and made an appointment with her. I could tell from the first 2 minutes into the cut that it was going to be perfect.  She took the time to listen to what I liked and the challenges I have with my hair (darn cowlicks!) then gave me the exact hair style I was wanting. I was very impressed with the salon overall.  The front desk receptionists were very professional and helpful.  After hearing some comments about Melissa, one of the massage therapists, I made an appointment.  Loved that the massage table was heated!  Melissa did a fantastic job of soothing my shoulder boulders and other tense parts of me. I'll definitely be going back for more massages with Melissa - which in my opinion are very reasonably priced - and will stay with Lily forever!
I struggled to find a good salon after moving here from LA. I did alot of research and then just took a chance. The salon is nice and professional and my girl took me right on time.  I like the fact that they have Redken certified people working there. Jackie took me back and talked to me about my hair - asked me what I wanted and so on.  I felt like she took the time to really know about me and my hair - as well as inspecting it.  (Even down to reporting the breakage underneath from wearing too many dreaded ponytails here in SW Florida!)   They have a cool table for color application with mags, coffee, water etc.  All in all it felt like a really cool spot.  Jackie told me about a couple of products but did not in any way push them on me (I hate that).  I did try one and now it is definitely in my HG of hair care products (Pureology Hydracure masque)   Fair prices and will definitely go back.  However!  Bummer.  I called back and Jackie is no longer there.  So I will have to try someone else there.
Went to have my hair cut for Locks of Love; was extremely disappointed when the woman who said she knew curly hair and she DID NOT! My hair was cut off in the typical pony tail but was hacked away during a wet cut leaving a huge chunk shorter in the back! I would NEVER go back! I was glad to do something for charity, but it too TWO years to finally even my hair out! :(
I just moved to the area and needed to find a new salon. Being that I don't know anyone here, I relied on yelp to make my decision for me. I called in the evening hoping to get in as soon as possible, surprisingly I was able to get in the very next morning. When I got to the salon I was greeted with a  nice genuine welcome. My stylist Tina came and met me at the front, she also had the same warm, genuine greeting. She had a challenge with my head of hair...not only did she face it, she embraced it with so much enthusiasm and passion! She gave me one of the best haircuts I have ever gotten. I highly recommend this salon and Tina as your stylist.
I get facials from Nelly monthly. She is amazing! My face has cleared up so much and my scars are so much lighter. She definitely knows what she's doing!
My sister told me about this place, so while visiting I decided to try it. I'm always nervous to get my hair trimmed because everyone always seems to cut it too much, Chelsea was great!! She listened to exactly what I wanted and needed and made it happen. My hair looks great and she did an amazing job!! I will defiantly be going back again!!
