Best place for pampering yourself!! I came here after dinner for a family's birthday and I decided I should treat my mom to Mother daughter time! And I have to say it's sooo nice and spacious and clean I love the people there they are all so welcoming and friendly. We both had a pedi and the spa chairs were perfect! The workers would set up the massage chairs while we soak our feet for the pedi. The procedure itself was a good 20-30 mins or so but it didn't feel like that because the workers there would converse with us and are sooo hilarious they all speak perfect English :) well hopefully to all the males and females out there who is around that gulf coast plaza you should try out this place!! You won't regret it!
"""attention customers and business proprietors,yelpers, my most sincere apologies""" due to the similarity in name. with the other salon, located on tamiami trail, i have not visited this salon,""again, i apologize, for this oversight that would question the professional reputation of this establishment or the pride yelpers, have in helping our community""" when it comes to nails,hair anything related to cosmetic. it is sooo personal! not just to women or men. regardless of gender. i went for a gel fill and a pedi.no complaints about the good disposition,and friendly.nice people that work there.we were late to our appt. first visit, we apologized, the gps was not helpful. the salon is tucked in the back away from visibility from the main road. my husband had a pedi.he said navi was very good, he enjoyed the hot, stones.included hot towels.fyi: with a standard pedi. hot towels are standard.(with a regular 30-40 minute pedi).a 20-25min. pedi, is commonly known as the car wash or express lane. now my pedi was quite a different story: ( my tech.was very polite. however,communication was not very good.i felt overwhelmed by the amount of colors to choose from.i looked at 3 different metal rings,that contained aprox. close to 100 plastic strips,with samples of polished artificial nails.i kept using the word "gel",they would answer with the word "lacquer".thinking back,plants that seed of doubt.did i get what i   requested??my pedi. consisted of cutting my toe nails into so short.they look like stubs.when,i took a good look at my feet.i put socks on,and closed shoes.my legs had some sun burn.i told them, no hot stones,no hot towels.can massage lightly my legs,with lotion only.welll ...here we go,used oil,felt warm,but nobigdeal.kevin(pedi.tech.)does not say anything.gets up,comes back with 2 wet steaming towels.i pulled my feet away,tucked my legs.and waved my arms""saying,no,no!!)remember! my legs are sun burned! he smiled,put one towel under my feet.by now.just wanted to be done.i need skin care,skin is rough.i asked lenny several times to do my not do my nails thick.gives the impression of cow hoofs. of course!thats exactly what i got!! omg, he cut my nails! made them uneven.hope i never go thru that again. mini pedi.-45$( even w/gel, does not justify, the $$, for the chop cut of toe nails and for the most part the still need a pedi look) hands- gel over fill,33$. then me like a fool. my husband rushing me.i tipped.(i feel so foolish).(drum rollll) grand totallll w/tip 100$ just for me! and yes... the foolish customer,paid.(not husband). look at work done on nails of people you run into when you are out.it works. yelpers flag!! this salon has repetitious, great reviews by one specific person. hmmm...live,yelp, karma..
Great place! Clean and efficient. I've been there a few times and have always been satisfied with my services.
Rushed! Charged $25 for a gel manicure that they spent less than 10 minutes to do. No lotion. No massage. Not very friendly. Ok if you're in a rush but wouldn't suggest if you want your money's worth.
Not the least expensive but clean and efficient.  I love how they do eyebrows too.  Not only do they jus wax but they take the time to shape them as well, which we all need help with occasionally :)
Great place that I selected based off of previous yelp reviews. The basic manicure was only $12! This location was busy, made me feel comfortable, had a ton of nail polish colors (and brands - OPI, Essie, China Glaze) to choose from and did a fantastic job for the price. If I lived in the area, I would definitely make this my regular stop for manicures and pedicures!
Seriously!! Best ever! Pauline is who I see and she does an awesome job everytime, but San is great too! and when you get a pedicure they rub your feet and legs for the looooongest time and its awesome! Super clean place and everyone is very nice
The only salon I'll go to. Very clean and friendly. See Lee or Hanni.
I had to wait at least 20 minutes when she told me 5 minutes!  The place looks good but when it came to the actual instruments when she did my manicure I seen dead skin that was already there and as for my pedi they reuse the foot scrubber!  Of all the things I look for at a nail salon that is the most disgusting to me.  I wouldn't want other peoples dead skin on it and then it used on me.  I asked her if she could change it because it wasn't new and she didn't seem to quite understand me.  It was quite frustrating.
Loved this place. I had an afternoon to kill and the hotel staff recommended this place. I had a pedicure, manicure, and facial. It was lovely.
great place!!!!
