Other than being acknowledged when you enter Moe's there is nothing else good to say! High prices for cheap filler foods, low quality products! Can not believe this place is still open. Just because it is wrapped in a shell does not make it Tex-Mex!
Not, I repeat NOT a substitute for Chipotle. Or even a middle-of-the-road chain Mexican restaurant. There is a shameful lack of Mexican/Tex-Mex food options available to the residents of Palm Bay. We hadn't realized just how slim the selection was until we moved here from the metro Atlanta area, where you could throw a rock in any direction from where you live and hit one. Down here it's pretty much Taco Bell and this relatively new Moe's, unless you aren't starving and feel like driving to the mid-grade places further up the road. We'd been to Moe's in Georgia and it was nothing special. The food was definitely not in the same ballpark with the other options available nearby in authentic Mexican, Tex-Mex, or even the chains - especially for their relatively pricey menu. Unfortunately, the Moe's down here is no better. Did I mention price...for the skimpy portions and food quality on par with Taco Bell, it should be a felony what they charge for most of the items on this menu. Like most of the other reviewers here, we could tell right away this food wasn't fresh and tasted like underseasoned, reheated frozen food. The chicken and beef are rubbery and dry as a bone. The queso is good, but nothing you couldn't make yourself at home. We aren't food snobs or anything but c'mon, this isn't Tex-Mex. It's a glorified fast food gimmick for a captive market in desperate need of the REAL DEAL. If someone opened a La Parrilla, El Azteca, Viva Mexico, or a La Nopalera anywhere near this place, it would be game over faster than you can say "WELCOME TO MOE'S!!!" It's not all bad - the staff is talkative and friendly and the outdoor seating is nice. If you like stuffing your face with empty calorie filler you could've done a better job preparing at home for a fraction of the cost and don't mind having to make a "run for the border" afterwards, you'll come back again and again. We'll keep driving next time, wishing a franchise owner with good taste in Mexican/Tex-Mex would give us a chance and save our community from all the nasty fast food and mediocre chain restaurants - there's plenty of empty commercial real estate space to choose from!
I'm searching for a Chipotle replacement and again failed.  Not good food.  The chicken had no flavor.  I was told the salsa was fresh.  I question that.  It really tasted like the grocery store stuff from a jar.  I was so disappointed.  The nearest Chipotle is 45 miles.  WTH?  There is a big market here.  I don't get it.  The one neat thing about Moe's was the drink dispenser.  I like being able to add flavors to my drink.  Pretty neat.  Now if they'd cook food like Chipotle and have chips and fresh salsa like Chipotle we'd be golden.
The food is okay.
Overall experience is good. I typically preorder my meals through the Moe's app for better service, and convenience. I have not had any real issues that aggravated me to not come back. The staff is kind,  and polite. Freshness of the food is never an issue, except on a rare occasion the tortilla chips being stale. I visit this location about 4-5 times a month and enjoy the meal each time. During lunch the line can get backed up, be prepared to wait approximately 5+ minutes. They are satisfactory when it comes to speed.
I love Moe's. We stopped here on the way home from Jacksonville. The staff was very pleasant and the food was delicious. I think Moe's has better ingredients than Chipotle. I read in other reviews that it's not as big of a serving as they expected but I think the portions were good. I think it's just that we are used to very LARGE portions here in the USA. I also love their Queso side with the chips! Delicious. You go Moe's!
Welcome to Moe's! That's the greeting you should here when coming in. Although I've been told they do that at every Moe's, this is the only one I've ever been to.  This place is about Mexican with fresh ingredients. You can get burritos, tacos, quesadillas, nachos, salads and rice bowls. I usually go with the Joey Bag of Donuts (the mid-range burrito), but when I feel like indulging I'll order a Homewrecker (it's pretty much a Joey Bag of Donuts, but with guacamole). I've tried the John Coctostan (a regular quesadilla), but it wasn't to my liking. I don't like food that drips while I'm eating it. On my last visit I did try the Personal Trainer, but I wouldn't advise eating the fried edible bowl. It's the least healthiest thing. The service here is great! The staff is very friendly and orders are prepared quickly. They provide outdoor seating for those who feel the need to breath in that Palm Bay air while they eat. Make sure you have room after the meal, because they also serve Carvel ice cream.
I will preface this review by stating that i've been sick as a result of their food. But here it goes: Protein(s):  the steak is rubbery/dry and the chicken is rubbery.  Both lack flavor and very simple seasoning Price:  Way too expensive.  For something that is billed as cheap and quick their prices are about 20-25% too high. Problem(s):  food lacks seasoning.  Ingredients are not fresh and you can tell everything has been frozen/prepackaged.  The "free" salsa had ice chips on a recent visit. As an aside to the whole "free" misconception:  I'm not an idiot, i realize that the cost of the taco inherently includes coverage for the salsa.  Don't bill it as "free salsa" and expect people to come to your establishment . Final note:  my rankings for quick tex-mex 1.  Chipotle 2.  Tijuana Flats 3.  Moe's
I don't like at all. The rice and the checkin were horribly cooked. They try to be as good as Chipotle, but Chipotle is not beatable.
Been coming to Moe's for a while. First time at this one and not impressed. I've NEVER received such small portions at any other Moe's I've ever been to; I almost demanded my money back. Could've just been the crew working tonight so we'll give this location another go at some point. Food quality was on par, just super stingy portions.
WELCOME TO MOE'S!!! It got old fast. Since I haven't found a chipotle around here I thought I would check out Moe's. There is no comparison between the two. Chipotle is far superior. But Moe's is ok. There is just something "off" about the flavor. I did give it 3 stars though bc the queso is DELICIOUS!!!!!!
Moe's is a chain restaurant, but it's got fresh burritos, tacos, quesadillas, nachos and other southwest-related items. They offer grilled steak, marinated chicken, fresh guacamole and fresh salsa as well, with an ok salsa bar for the tortilla chips (warmed!) served with your entree. I ordered the home-wrecker with steak, and it was delicious. It's a little on the pricey side for the amount of food you get, but you're really paying for fresh fixings for your entree. Friendly staff!
