Kind of an off the wall place for Melbourne, but pretty cool.  Cool vibe, nice atmosphere, and two things:  Kava & E Cigs.   So for those that wonder about Kava, it is a root from the south pacific that gives you a relaxed feeling.  Not drunk by any means... just a mild stress relief.  The price of that stress relief is some pretty god awful taste that is, well... let's just say acquired. Nonetheless, if you like Kava, or just want to find out what it is, this is a cool place.  They have lots to choose from, and if you are new to the concept they are very helpful.
Went here to try Kava for the first time as I was traveling from out of town, did not want to drink and drive (tons of police in Melbourne!), and have always wanted to try Kava. The "bartender" here was very friendly and informative for my first Kava experience.  He wanted to make sure I understood the history of the product and that he was serving me something suited to my tastes.   It is a social drink that is a fun experience to share with others and they will always have some Kava with you so you don't drink alone.  Kava Sutra is also a non-rushed establishment and I got the sense you are free to linger here as long as you want to savor the promised Kava induced relaxation. That said, this was my first time trying Kava and I didn't notice any obvious effect after drinking 3 "shells."   My mouth got a little numb but that was short lived.   If I had the time to stay longer, the bartender promised that they have stronger versions (with kava concentrate added) that would surely have an effect. I liked it and will go back, although I'm not sure I've really drank the "kool aid" yet on the promised effects of Kava.  It's fun though and I enjoyed the newbie experience.
Unique place different from the usual bar scene. Super relaxed pleasant atmosphere. One of a kind. Stays open later than the bars. Kava is a safe way to rid yourself of anxiety. The perfect sedative to unwind with.
Literally this lounge is unlike anything I ever seen before. It's a kava bar so for those who are tired of alcohol can come here to enjoy a bowl of kava juice. In case you are wondering what Kava is it's root from the Pacific used to make a natural tea which is used to consume to relax and sedate. For about $5 a bowl you can enjoy a non savory tasting drink that gives you a feel good vibe. They try to flavor the drink with fruit flavors but it just doesn't work but regardless drinking a kava is worth the effect. Kava Sutra lounge is really chill and they are always playing music along with tvs showing surfing. Must recommended for those mellow nights.
My father actually introduced me to this bar. The feeling is very relaxed and an "all are welcome" type of vibe. Wednesdays are Ladies Drink Free, which is fantastic for everyone. The staff is knowledgeable about Kava and have no problem adjusting the strength of the shot based on your experience. It can be a bit of a grainy type of taste (since you are drinking a smashed up root), but there are different varieties and flavored combinations (such as fruit punch). You will leave feeling relaxed and "zin" after visiting Kavasutra.
Congenial atmosphere..smooth music..kind of place u feel totally comfortable in. .such a nice alternative to the bar scene..staff very informative and friendly..thankyou for the warmrreception. .
Stopped in last night because I wanted to see the band that was playing. It was my first visit. I sat at the bar through two songs and the bartender never said a word to me. He just kept texting and playing with his phone. It wasn't busy either. The only thing I can think of is that I'm over thirty??? Don't know but I won't be back
