Walked in for lunch without a wait. The waitress was friendly. Our food did not take long to arrive after ordering and mine was Delish. I had a tuna crudo which I've never had before but will order again. The New York roll was just as good and my partner had the salmon with coconut crust; It was good but a little on the dry side and needed just a little more flavor for my taste. Overall we enjoyed our meal.
This is important: apparently, they do not serve sushi on Sunday! My husband and I were really looking forward to sushi, especially after reading the Yelp reviews about it. I think it should be advertised to customers.. We were informed abruptly by a hostess who quickly ran away after telling us. I think this should be advertised. Even though sushi was unavailable, we found an option that was more than satisfying. My husband and I started with the seared calamari, which was tender and well-seasoned. It was plentiful and flavorful! We also tried the crunchy dumplings (free with a Yelp check-in), which were served piping hot in a sweet chili sauce. I highly recommend both! For our entree we shared the pasta of the day, which featured lobster in a three cheese sauce. I was pleased because there was plenty of lobster for us to share in the dish. The sauce was mild, but added a nice compliment to the sweet, thick lobster buried in the dish. Finally for dessert, we chose the key lime tart. It was small, but more than enough to share. I really liked it, but generally prefer more tartness flavor-wise. Nevertheless, it was a great way to end our dinner. We especially enjoyed the atmosphere of this place. We sat outside and watched the sun set while we dined, which is always a treat. Our server was kind and knowledgeable. The food came out quickly. All in all, this place was very good!
Great sushi! Seriously, I was a bit nervous because this place tries to do a bit of everything and usually those types of places fall short in just about everything. Not here. The sushi is seriously the best in the city. The other entrees are also excellent. I don't know that there is a better place to go in Melbourne for atmosphere and food. A bit on the pricey side, but worth it.
Came here for happy hour with coworkers. Everything was great! Atmosphere was very chill... We had a table near the sidewalk outside... with nice live music in the background. The server and other staff were attentive & pleasant. The food was really good too. We ordered the calamari (I highly recommend), fried green beans and spinach artichoke dip... Which was all yummy. Drinks were cheap at the time (they had $3 drink specials before 7pm) but food is a little pricey. All in all- great experience and will probably come back here again!
Went to grab a bite to eat.  This place has a nice casual atmosphere,  with great service and great food. I had the conch appetizers and calamari.   It was fresh,  well prepared and not deep fried, fire a nice change.  Reasonably priced and very enjoyable.
Good sushi, but below average personnel including the managers. Several times I've waited far too long for drinks, and no, not on bust weekend nights when the place effectively turns into a nightclub. Matt is rarely present, and although that shouldn't matter as his management staff should have it under control, maybe he could help. I do like the sushi, the decision is weather or not to tolerate the mediocre service.
My fiancé and I happened upon this place last Saturday evening and we had so much fun! We were surprised to see sushi served there since it's a bar/nightclub. We weren't really hungry but our server, Brian, highly recommended that we try the sushi. We love sushi and are pretty picky. The white tuna was incredible; melt in your mouth tender! The hamachi was also delicious, but it was the white tuna that was the best we've ever tasted. Brian was a fantastic server.  We will definitely return next time we're in Melbourne.
Had a great time.  I was in town for business and was able to sit outside, live entertaining band, friendly bartender - Antonio, and friendly locals made for an entertaining time out.  Ordered the Garnet and Gold roll, based on Antonio's recommendation and loved it (warning it does have a little kick).
Tuna Tower was really good! Chief Scott and Chief David are killing it tonight! After I have my rolls I may have to upgrade to five stars!
Can sit inside or out~ the place is decorated in such an odd fashion~ it's almost as if it used to be or wants to be a beach-side bar but as you walk toward the back of the building, it gets quieter, neater and much fancier. The menu is diverse and the food was very tasty. My guest and I had sushi but we saw a variety of other dishes come out such as fish, pasta and burgers; all presentations were terrific. The service was very good until it got busier...and it was hard to get our bill....and then pay our bill. I'd love to go back~ and I recommend others try it.
We came here on st Patricks day because meg O'Malleys was jammed. Everyone was really nice - I must say that - but the food left a lot to be desired. I ordered the sheapards pie and it was awful. I've eaten this dish 1,000 times and never had one like this. It was small and loaded with cheddar cheese. The listing didn't mention anything about cheese and this is the first time I've had this way so I said hey lets give it a go. Nope. Crap city. Also we asked some very specific questions about the drink menu. Like what is your Irish flag drink made out of? The waiter didn't know. I call shenanigans.
Wow, this place has EVERYTHING.  Including a sushi bar!  Generally, I feel like a restaurant that tries to do everything will end up doing almost everything poorly; not Matt's Casbah!   A warning: the service can be slow, which other reviewers have mentioned.  My grandpa comes here several times a week to hang out with his friends (seriously), so he knows everyone and is able to just sit around wherever he wants; however, I noticed a few couples or groups just waiting at the host stand for quite awhile waiting for someone to even acknowledge their presence.  That definitely could be super annoying and it happened several times.   Anyway, be wary of the service.  The place itself is huge.  There's a bar outside and inside and I definitely recommend sitting on the patio if the weather permits.  There's literally something for EVERYONE on this menu and they do plates well.  There were three of us eating and all had something completely different and enjoyed everything.  I opted for several sushi rolls and was honestly surprised at how fresh and well made they were, considering Matt's doesn't market itself as a strictly sushi place. My mom and grandpa really enjoyed sandwiches and fried chicken.  The drinks are reasonably priced and, overall, the waiter service was pretty speedy.  The food was a bit slow because their sushi "chefs" were a bit slow and everyone was waiting on my food.  Sorry, all.   Free parking in a lot adjacent to the restaurant, but it has like 6 spots that fill by 6 p.m., so you'll need to park in one of the metered spots on the street nearby.  Tons of street parking, though, so don't worry. I'll definitely be back since this is a favorite hangout of my grandpa's.  Downtown Melbourne has some pretty good restaurants, and Matt's Casbah is one of them.
Amazing! The banana fosters and pistachio cheesecake are a must!!! And the don't leave without trying the volcano roll! Whole porgy snapper dish was decadent. Scallops were perfectly cooked.
A bit overpriced for my taste based on the food quality/selection, service and location. We sat outside under the canopy, so we were safe from the rain. But we couldn't say the same for the entertainment. From what we could tell, the guy's amp was fried from the rain albeit a drizzle, but was collecting right on top of him. I guess it would've been hard to live up to the reputation, since I've heard many good things about this place. I'm assuming it might have been just in comparison to the restaurants located in the historic downtown area. You should note that I am not a seafood fan and part of the appeal of this place is the sushi bar, which we did not sit at nor try.
We love this place. Breakfast is great, the variety of food for dinner can please any taste. The sushi is well prepared and delicious!
Excellent! Great service. Food is consistently good. We visit 2-3 a month. Thumbs up!
I have never had a bad meal here, waiters stay very busy and do a great job, i hope the management compensates them well.  My only suggestion would be to add some pita and hummas as an appetizer.  There really is nothing "simple" on the appetizer menu.
Popped in here for some lunch after we were referred to this place by a friend. The sushi was amazing and very fresh. Would definitely go again!
Surprisingly good service.  Came here during the art festival last week and they were slammed but food still came out in a timely fashion and our drinks were refilled often. I had the goat cheese salad and that was very good; I enjoyed it very much.  It was fresh, nice portion size and tasty.  Other people ordered flat bread pizza,  chicken salad, buffalo sandwhich and fried yucca and no complaints.  They even went out of their way to make sure one of the entrees came out first since a member in our party had to be at work. We sat outside and it was a lovely dinner experience with the jazz music. I would recommend this restaurant especially with large parties. To me, downtown Melbourne has the best places for group outings. I was super impressed with the timeliness given the volume and traffic.
I was really excited about the menu options for Sunday brunch, but I felt like overall the food wasn't so great. I had the fish tacos, which had been recommended by the waiter, but they lacked flavor, and they forgot to bring the guacamole and sour cream. My dad ordered the lobster cobb, that was very good, the waiter said that was his favorite, I should've gone with that. My husband's order was confused, but he ended up keeping the lump crab benedict, which I tried and I also that it fell kind of flat. From what I recall the other two Benedicts at the table were okay, nothing special.... Great menu descriptions, but they should really try to step up the flavors, the idea is right, but the follow through needs work. I did enjoy the guy playing the saxophone. I would be willing to give it another try, perhaps for dinner.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and the restaurant I compare every restaurant in town to. The food is always fresh and creative and the service is spot-on.  This is also the only place in town for fresh quality sushi and sashimi.
Good food, and even the drink specials weren't bad. Probably as good as it gets for Downtown Melbourne
Please note: this is only a review for drinks and the service. Mainly the service, which was horrendous. I came here on a random early weekday afternoon with an old high school friend. The place is in the heart of downtown Melbourne. There is convenient street parking all around the block. The place has outdoor seating, which is nice (but not anything unique). Since my friend and I had already had lunch, we had opted to come here for a couple drinks and to catch up some more. The bartender was pretty bad. We took a seat, I made eye contact with her, I smiled...and she turned her head and handled another party that was in front of her. Fine, I told myself, that party was there first, they were probably just making a small request, no big deal. Four and half minutes go by. Nothing. Four and a half minutes doesn't seem like much, but in restaurant service time, especially at the bar, where the bartender has a working diameter of twelve steps, that's a helluva long time. She finally arrived, we asked what was on tap, and she rattled it off at a fairly fast tempo. We asked her to repeat the list again, and she was visibly annoyed and rattled it off at maybe a quarter beat slower. I ended up getting the sweetwater because I had never tried it before, and my friend ordered another beer I couldn't think of. When we got our drinks, my friend asked, "Are you sure that's the sweetwater? I think she switched our beers, because your beer is lighter than mine..." Being as my friend is more of a beer connoisseur than me, I shrugged and was like, "I don't know?" We both shrugged, took a sip, and my friend immediately said, "I think she switched our beers". But my friend was sick and had already taken a sip out of my "true" beer, so we just stuck with our switched beers. We eventually finished our beers and wanted a second round. And where was our bartender? Now, if I'm complaining about the service, you already know the answer to that. Nowhere to be found. I literally peeked inside the restaurant, and she was still not within visibility. She popped out of nowhere Almost 10 minutes later. Luckily, my friend and I still had a lot of catching up to do, so we didn't mind waiting. But had I really had another affair to go to afterwards, I would have been super frustrated. We ended up getting another round of the same beers to see if maybe we were wrong. The bartender brought out our drinks- and sure enough, the beers were placed in the opposite places than they were the first time = the CORRECT order. My friend casually asked the bartender, "Can you please tell us which of the beers we ordered?" She [insert a not very nice adverb] retorts in a snarly tone, "I put them in front of you, didn't I?" And then walks away. I was ticked off like no other. But I didn't want to make a scene in front of my friend; he probably would have thought I was overreacting. But I've worked in the restaurant business before, and I know how much people are capable of if they really want to provide good service. And our bartender didn't give a [insert any bad word here]. We never tried the food here, just the drinks. The beer selection was ok. the interior is all right, nothing special. I don't really see what the deal is with this place. And part of the whole restaurant experience is for the service. If I'm going to have a messed up order and a snarky bartender who doesn't can't tell from being a nice person to a bad person in the hospitality business, why would I ever want to come back here? There are other places in downtown Melbourne I would rather give my patronage to than this overrated establishment.
Matt's Casbah is located in downtown Melbourne, a beautiful area and is a fairly big restaurant with an outdoor patio. My boyfriend and I decided to celebrate our anniversary there and the place did not disappoint us. We had a very friendly and knowledgeable waiter who made our night enjoyable.We were sitting outside, feeling the ocean breeze and enjoying ourselves. This place gets really busy on Saturday nights so I highly recommend making a reservation. We were pleasantly surprised by their fresh sushi (Garnet and Gold roll is absolutely amazing... Pot-o-gold and Volcano are fresh and tasty too). We also had grilled calamari for an appetizer.. So good!!! They make a delicious creme brulee too. I absolutely recommend this place to any sushi lovers out there...  Yum!
Worst service I have had in any restaurant recently. I wanted a half dozen oysters $6.75 after i ordered i was told they were $13.00. i ordered Thai wings which were cold and tasteless.My wife's fries were also cold and limp.. The waitress was too busy to help since they were crowed.. i think this place stays in business because of tourists can't imagine repeat business. I won't be back
Great atmosphere,  visited on a day trip with the inlaws.  They even had a throw for my mom in law who was chilly.   Food was great......check out the crispy green beans!
After reading the reviews for this restaurant, I was both eager and cautious to try it. It seems everyone either loves it or hates it. After having dinner their last night with a friend from out of town, I can now say that this is probably my new favorite restaurant in Melbourne! For an appetizer, we decided to order a specialty roll from the sushi bar. I believe it was called the Gold and Garnet roll. Now, I'll preface by saying that I'm kind of a sushi snob. In my opinion, if its needs soy sauce than it isn't good enough. Sushi should stand on the merits of its own flavor, just as steak should, without adding anything else. I've tried at least 6 sushi places in the 5 months I've loved here and Matt's has blown the competition away. (No need for soy sauce here!) This roll was an explosion of flavors and left us wanting more. For entrees, I ordered the Duck Breast and my friend ordered the Panko Chicken Crunch. Both were a triumph! The green peppercorn coconut curry on the duck was delicious, and the duck itself was some of the best I've ever tasted. My dinner companion said that she loved the chicken, commenting that the fruit salsa really brought a new dimension of flavor. All of our sides were excellent, too. For dessert, we split the banana pudding pie. Again, Matt's didn't disappoint. This recipe isn't groundbreaking by any means, but some places' banana putting is either too sweet or too crunchy. Matt's was a perfect balance; just like grandma used to make. And the raspberry sauce topping was a delightful add-on. One final comment, and that's on the service. I've read some comments that the service left something to be desired, but that wasn't the case for us. Stefan was attentive, considerate, and professional. He rounded out an incredibly dining experience for us. In conclusion, I will definitely return to Matt's again!
(This review contains actual dialogue as we entered this place.) First off, we walked through the outdoor patio area into the sporty bar space past the cigar case through the lounge towards the sushi bar and then into the back dining area with cool modern art and cloth tablecloths. her: I can't tell what kind of place this is. me: I don't think they know either. her: It looks like a sports bar, with a sushi bar? me: clearly, we all are confused.
Been here a few times every time service is very slow. Food overall is good but pricey.  Gets very crowded on weekends.
I think I spend enough time in Melbourne to merit contributing to the local Yelp community. Came in for Easter Brunch with the in-laws and had a totally solid experience. The restaurant was set up with several different stations, including a raw bar, sushi area, carving station, breakfast buffet, and dessert bar. I won't say that any of it was mind-blowing but absolutely nothing to complain about either. The lines did tend to stack up a bit at times but a few standouts--fresh shucked oysters, lamb on the carving station, and quite good sushi (particularly when considered it was made en masse)--made it well worth the wait. Also on the positive side, found the service to be warm and friendly. For under $30 each and complete with a mimosa for everyone at the table, not a bad deal. My issue is understanding the concept here. The entrance to the restaurant is through a casual outdoor bar and seating area, into a a front room complete with partially open kitchen, a continuation of the outdoor bar, and a large cigar humidor. The next room back features a sushi bar. Which finally brings you to the back room, an upscale-casual (yes I just made that up) dining room complete with linen tablecloths and contemporary art on the walls. I guess if you can't be great at something, try being ok at everything?
The food could be better.  I was there on a Wednesday night.  It was not a busy night.  I felt they were rushing me through my meal.  They cleared the dishes off the table as I was picking food off my husband's plate... I thought I was back in Asia... long lines of folks waiting to sit at a table!! (The place was near empty by the way!) The food: Miso Soup - if you like drinking soy sauce... have at it... it is too salty to swallow.  Sushi, mediocre at best... I had way fresher sushi before.  Pot Roast - first time I've ever had pot roast with no vegetable, the food looked bland and tasted salty and that's it.  They advertised pot roast with mash potato and served pot roast with red bean rice... My waitress said she was bringing out bread... turned out to be fried wonton skin with yogurt dip...  She decided to remove my origami chopstick rest... literally snatched it off the table when i took my chopsticks off it... when I mentioned to her i was using that as a chopstick rest... she unfolded the origami and returned to me!!!   Guess it will be the last time at Matt's Casbah for me.  Sorry...
Great place, great food, great outdoor patio.  Downtown Melbourne is a great little area of town, and this place really puts you in the vibe of the downtown scene. The food here is very good.  I wouldn't say remarkable in terms of either price or uniqueness, but for Melbourne, it is quite good.  At the end of the day, I think this place gets the rating because of the patio and live music, which is unparalelled in Melbourne.
Matt's Casbah is a restaurant that I find myself always visiting when I'm in Downtown Melbourne.  It seems like everytime I'm there, I can choose my experience.  There's an sushi bar, indoor dining and outdoor dining. I'll start with the sushi bar.  If your a sushi fiend like me, you'll probably stop here first.  I prefer to sit at the bar, but there are seats across from it.  You're given a sushi menu, where you can order meals or a la carte (I usually do a la carte if it's something I haven't tried before).  I might be bold enough to say that this is the best sushi in Melbourne. For indoor dining, they provide private rooms.  This can support either a romatic or group setting easily.  You're given a menu, but the specials are worth trying out.  On one visit I tried the Bison.  It was prepared very well, but the meat had a bit more fat than I would like in my red meat. The outdoor dining has the same food selection as indoor, you just get the "outdoor experience".  I've been on Friday and Saturday nights were live music was playing.  The atmosphere was very festive, it common to see people dancing. To anyone visiting the area (and even locals), I would encourage you try Matt's casbah a few times, and try something different each time.
Dined here while visiting and was very impressed. The food was spectacular, atmosphere was spacious and pleasantly designed, the service was average at best.   We started with the bread and yogurt dip. The yogurt dip was spectacular, the bread ranged from pita bread to fried wontons. Very enjoyable but with a price of 2.95. This would have felt better complimentary as no bread and butter was offered. We also got the spinach and artichoke dip and the shrimp and au gratin dip. Both were excellent but would have been made better with a variety of dipping options rather than just chips. The pita bread would have been amazing here. For entrees, we ordered the "studies in tuna," some other sushi dish, chicken panini (with an upcharge for delicious yucca fries), and the asian chicken salad sandwich (which we were informed 15 minutes later that they were out of and substituted the fish and chips instead). The sushi meals were out of this world. Just delightful. They do a great job on this. My father raved about the  plank crusted fish and chips, making the correct notion that they were inventive in the kitchen. Really inventive and extremely talented. Food wise, this Matt's Casbah rates a 4.5. The space itself is huge with unique spaces. There is an amazing porch area with seating for at least 50 and a full bar with additional seating. The entrance has another bar with comfortable couches as well. Then you walk through the sushi bar area to the great dining room. The dining room is very large with artwork on every possible square inch of space (which does not feel forced or overdone). There is also a wine cellar in the corner of this space. The service was so so. From the waiter disappearing for 7 minutes when asked for the sushi specials (we ended up just going to the sushi room ourselves), to him taking 5 minutes to get glasses for beer, to him telling us 15 minutes later that they were out of the chicken salad (which was understandable as it was a special). I kept rooting for him but came up short. We were there between 230 and 4 so maybe the time was an issue?  I will never know for sure. Do visit Matt's Casbah!  Go with plenty of time on your hands and an expectation of great food!
We had our son's wedding rehearsal dinner here.  We had about 30 people in the private dinning room.  The food and service was excellent.  We srated with 2 "surfboards" of sushi, pot stickers, and spring rolls.  This was followed by a good selection menu of fish, steak, duck, and chicken.  Desert was several homemade selections that were all delectable.  When we're in the area Matt's will definately be on our schedule.
I really loved their sushi rolls. They had a big amount of unique and exotic variety of rolls. The atmosphere was very nice and friendly service. It's a good place to take someone on a date or just to splurge on good food and have a good time.
Very poor service. Food was average and expensive. They brought out entrees at all different times. Didn't even bring out a soup we ordered and a couple items they brought weren't even what we ordered.
We sat on the patio here one night.  The server was relatively nice but somewhat short with us.  We were dressed in our beach clothes (we had just spent the day at the beach) and I feel like he treated us as an afterthought compared to all the people around us who were dressed up.  I don't need to be decked complete with my jewelry and designer purse to be able to afford a nice meal and leave a 20-25% tip.   The food was delicious though, and I was happy to find a place with such a healthy and vegetarian friendly menu.
Went for dinner and drinks on a Tuesday night. Sat outside and loved the spacious patio, quality draft beer selection, tasty food and friendly service.  Ended up ordering 4 appetizers instead if individual meals and each of them was fantastic. Definitely recommend visiting this place and downtown Melbourne!
Stopped here in a Saturday night. There was a wait for tables outside so we opted to eat inside. We chose the Whole snapper, Flaming shrimp and scallop lemon garlic butter sauce (appetizer), prepared at the table and Cheddar broccoli soup All were very tasty. There was plenty to eat in the appetizer for a light eater. I had it for my meal. The fish was crispy  on the outside and moist inside. Service was attentive and food was delivered promptly.
I never would have guessed. Our first time in Melbourne it was some kind of "Friday festival" and we were looking for dinner. We like to eat outside when we can and Matts Casbah had outside seating. I am a 60s kind of guy and there was band playing oldies. We figured we'd get beach resort tourist rip off fare. I had raw oysters and the brought out fresh horse radish and hot sauce. I ordered braised pork shanks And my wife had the mahi mahi. Both dishes came out piping hot and delicious. The prices were pretty reasonable and although the service wasn't fast , it was kind of nice not being rushed. Other wait staff came by and removed empty platters and were very responsive to our questions.  We will be here for two weeks and will make sure we get back here at least once more. Don't let the appearance scare you off. Enjoyed everything about the experience.
This was our first trip to this restaurant. We are staying at a local B&B and decided to walk over on the recommendation of the inn keeper. Wonderful patio with live music on a Saturday night, great drinks (I had two mango and rum mixed drinks which I highly recommend), the oysters on the half shell were fresh and probably the best I have ever had. At 75 cents it was a steal too. My husband and I both ate the crunchy dumpling appetizers which was a savory delight, the had an assortment of sushi and nigiri. Our favorite were the nigiri platter and green and gold specialty roll. Both were well made, fresh, flavorful, and generous with meat. Our waitress was friendly and made great suggestions. We will be back for sure.
I love Matt's Casbah so much. A little pricy for sure but the food is SO GOOD. I especially love the sushi. The place looks great, sitting outside can be fun weather permitting, the staff are always friendly/attentive, the food has never disappointed, they have a yelp check-in coupon for a choice of one of two appetizers...I can't say enough about this place. I love it!
OK, Food is very good. I had the mahi dolphin dinner and it was not dry, cooked just right. Delicious Calamari appetizer is not your typical breaded dish but pan grilled. HOWEVER,  service was sloooow and Waitress was rude and didn't check back on our drinks. It took at least 45 min for food." There are other places with good food and good service.
I hadn't heard promising things about Matt's but a friend wanted to try it and offered to treat me to lunch if I went along.  I am so pleased that I agreed.  I ordered sushi and it was the best sushi I have ever had.  Six pieces filled me up but I still wanted more.  I just wanted to keep eating it.  It was fresh and it was delicious.  My friend ordered some kind of salmon dish and absolutely loved it.  The two of us have made it a point to try new places and have some really amazing food in the process but we agreed that as of right now, Matt's Casbah leveled the competition - so much so that I think it earned a 5 star rating despite the next paragraph.  That's food wise. We did some shopping in the neighborhood and wanted to stop for a Mojito.  Both of us share a love of Mojitos and have tried them all over the Melbourne and Beachside areas.  Sadly for Matt's, they have the worst Mojito  either of us have ever tasted... and I thought River Rocks was bad but this one was even worse.  It tasted like it was made with flat sprite and vodka.  It was weak,  you could barely taste the vodka.  Mojitos aren't even made with vodka.  If you've ever had that premade mojito stuff that Smirnoff makes (comes in a handle jug) - you know it's disgusting and that's what this Mojito tasted like.   TL;DR:  Mind blowing sushi and terrible Mojitos.
What a waste of a nice location. Food was horrible, service (from Shawn) was the worse. Orders forgotten, came late or not at all. They act like they are busy even when they are not. I think they might be better at selling used cars.
The three different entrees that I tried here all had the overpowering taste of peanut oil.  Ruins the dish for me. The conical bread basket has interesting contents.
Always looking for tasty food. This place had it all, amazing service, scrumptious food, wonderful atmosphere & reasonable prices. If you're looking for an awesome dinning experience, then look no further!
Serendipitous find - good food, good service, attractive setting Wife and I enjoyed dinner at Matt's early on a recent Friday evening (9/17/10).   We stopped in town after a day of Atlantic coast touring, unsure if we'd stay for more than a drink.  But the place had a good buzz on the patio, and the hostess showed us to a spacious table inside the restaurant.  The menu was expansive.  Initially, we worried that the chef was trying to cover too much ground, but our choices were successful. The waiter gladly accommodated wife's particular wishes about the construction of her margarita.  Each of us had a different seafood special -- both of which were tasty and prepared in simple, but appealing, Far Eastern sauces.   Service was attentive and speedy throughout.   Two margaritas and two entree specials ran approx. $60 (pre-tip).  This was good value for the money.   If I ever get back to Melbourne, I'll be happy to return to Matt's.
Sushi is really good! Went here on a date with my fiancee after a bad experience elsewhere the night before. Great little place with lots of character, Karaoke on Sunday night, and fun waitstaff. Good beer selection on draft. The sushi is really good and I'll return next time I'm in the area. 4*!
My only prior experience here was during Meg O'ween a few years back and it was late in the eve/early in the morning and a fight broke out next to me... So, I wanted to give it a "proper" review. The hubby and I came in for dinner on Fat Tuesday. They had a little event for it and a special menu, from which I ordered: andouille encrusted cobia and he ordered the oyster po' boy. Both were phenomenal. Truly impressed with the food! Service was great, too. Our waiter was very attentive & knowledgeable on the food, cocktails & wine. I can see how the decor & menu are "confusing." It does seem that they can't decide on one thing and "go with it." It's a little bit of EVERYTHING. But, it seems to work! We'd definitely eat here again.
Food here is really great and the bar a outside is so nice with live music as long as you don't sit too close to bar or don't have someone smoking at the table next to you . Wish this was California where you can't smoke at a restaurant at all!  For most people this ruins their dinner . The inside dining is fine so we end up eating there if we go.
Came here during one of my business trips to Melbourne. Downtown Melbourne is your smalltown bar scene, with maybe 3 or 4 bars poppin. Matt's Casbah would be one of them. Granted this is primarily an outdoor bar, you'll need to brave the humid elements that they call Florida to enjoy your meal here. -=-Tuesday Night AYCE Oysters-=- Most people that review this place talk about the unique foods offered by Matt's Casbah. I must agree that they do some fancy things with the seafood here. Everything coming out of the kitchen looks pretty tasty, but hell....it's Tuesday AYCE oyster night and I must partake. It's $19.95, but I just know I'll be getting my money's worth. It seems that now they are now offering bottomless Budweiser to go with this deal. If that is not a win, then I don't know what is. All the oysters that I ate went down nice and smooth as oysters should taste. I tend to spice mine up to the max using hot sauces and Tabasco like crazy after a small squeeze of lime. In no time, I was able to pound 40 oysters down and make a ton of new friends who wish they had bought the same deal. I really didn't see any others around that bar with oysters in front of them, so maybe Melbourne just isn't an oyster kinda town. And now the final judgement: No stomach aches! So FRESH!
This restaurant has a little bit of everything. I highly recommend brunch. They have a menu of delicious choices including Belgian Waffles with many different toppings, stuffed French toast and many kinds of eggs. I wasn't in a breakfast mood so I got the turkey panini. The flavors went together very well. I really liked the compote on it. It added a different element to it. My husband had the white pizza flatbread with a salad on top and wasn't impressed. He said it was bland. I would absolutely come back.
Excellent place... With a professionalism service ... Awesome food ( calamari was my favorite!!)
This place has a very nice outside/front dining area. I dined outside and had a good view of the New Haven area. I was very surprised to find out that they make some of the best sushi I have had. If you are passing through and like sushi this place would be a very nice stop.
Great place for a nice outside meal. Awesome variety of foods from fresh sushi to salads/sandwhiches to burgers. From the appetizers, we have tried the calamari and crunchy dumplings that dont disapoint. Those are our favorites.  We always order a side of their signature fries, which is a perfect mix of crispy fries and sweet potato fries. So coming to Matt's we can satisfy a variety of cravings of sushi and fries ;-)  The main entrees are delicious! I had the coconut salmon and my bf had the seafood mix (scallops, shrimp and fish of the day). Both come with yummy sticky rice and salad with a sweet miso dressing. We were in heaven. Goes perfect with some happy hour drinks. Can wait to go back to this place again!
This place has great sushi (all you can eat Mondays). They have an excellent outdoor patio are which is perfect for dancing or simply grabbing a beer with friends. There is limited space on the inside and at the sushi bar, so go early.
I've been to Matt's several times for either dinner, drinks, or both.  So far as a place to have a drink or two goes, I think Matt's is just fine and will likely go there again before departing for other bars in this area. However, my main purpose in writing this review is to warn off as many people as possible from their restaurant.  I've eaten dinner their three times and would have to rank my experience as follows - First time - average, Second time - poor, Third time - Nothing short of a freakin train wreck. In terms of my latest experience, every single part of a dining experience that could be screwed up was screwed up and I can honestly say that I've never seen that before.  Ex. Drink service - I waited 20 minutes for my first drink after being seated. No big deal I thought, maybe the bar is busy. Second drink never arrived. The other couple had to ask three separate times about their drink before it finally showed up (after dinner was mostly over).   Salads - We all ordered salads with different kinds of dressings. 2 salads came out, then 10 minutes later the other 2 salads came out (tacky). None of us appeared to get the dressings we asked for but hey...who cares, it's a salad right? Dinner (Take 1) Waiter showed up right around when expected...only, with the wrong entrees.  He apologized, took them to another table...only they weren't theirs either.  He looked so confused and for a guy with only three tables going at once (in a very large empty dining room mind you) I found it hard to believe he had any system working other than process of elimination. Dinner (Take 2) Hooray!  Our entrees have arrrived. I had the buffalo and it was good. Potatoes were another story. Half were good, half mainly raw and almost uncooked. I also could have sworn I bit into some sandy, gravel, type substance at one point. Yippee!  Bet my dentist loves Matt's Casbaugh. As for my girlfriend, she had a Sushi roll and she found the taste of it dissapointing. Finally, the checks arrived and I guess I should have been impressed that they didn't screw that up as well...but everything appeared to be in order and we bailed out. Final thoughts - pricing on this place isn't bad but the food should be slightly better for the money, and the service needs to see a serious improvement before I view it as anything more than a place to have a drink and use the bathroom on my way to somewhere better.   Further, before you read this and think that this review was possibly written by a pretentious snob, you should know that I was a busboy and waiter for many years before and after college. I have more than enough sympathy and patience for what these folks go through, but I can honestly say that I've had more thrilling experiences at the DMV than at this pitiful excuse for a restaurant.
This place has grown on me . I really only Like a few things on the menu. But what I get is good quality . Service is usually pretty good from waitresses but the bartenders are slow. I like this place for happy hour or during the afternoon on the weekend. I would stay away late night on the weekends though . Crappy D.j. Playing hip hop usually . Once it's dark out the place kind of gets trashy . So dinner would be ok but you need to head to another bar when the gold chain and tap out shirt wearing heathens show up to booty dance to Sean Paul.
I like the happy hour... 2.50 ca rolls from 4-7 is kinda awesome.  I rarely have good service which sucks because I really want to like this place.  the people that I meet that work there are super nice.  I don't know what the deal with the batenders is though. I've sat for 20 minutes until I had to flag someone down.  It also can take up to 20 minutes for anything from the sushi bar... really?   I just can't really get over it taking 45 minutes to get a california roll.
I've been to Matt's a couple times now.  It's definitely worth driving from Palm Beach to Melbourne to eat here.  I start out with the garnet and gold roll which is 100 percent the best sushi I've ever had in my life!!  They have an impressive menu with a little something for everyone from fresh seafood to duck to ostrich.  They also have a pretty extensive wine list.  My wife lives for the dessert.  The atmosphere is extremely relaxing with an art gallery in the back room.  There's a dj out front that motivates people to dance their asses off.  Everything about this establishment is awesome.  Anyone who has anything negative to say about this place must be a Gator fan, in which case their opinion doesn't matter anyway.  I highly recommend Matt's Casbah!!
Dropped in on a lazy breezy Sunday with fellow Yelper Holly B.  We were on a mission for sushi and were disappointed when we learned upon arrival that sushi isn't served until 4pm on Sundays.  So we stayed and opted for "brunch".   I must say the service was impeccable!  We were seated immediately and the attendant was very gracious and welcoming.  He even offered and brought me a blanket because I was chilly as we decided to sit on the patio.  Now I've dined at a lot of places in my lifetime, but I have NEVER been offered a blanket!  Cool points for that!!!     I ordered the German potato pancakes, which comes served with a pork chop and warm apple chutney.  Holly settled on an omelette.  The presentation of both dishes was absolutely beautiful!  The wait time was minimal.  My dish was pretty awesome!  Someone even came around to our table to make sure we were satisfied.  I really felt like I was in good hands at Matt's.  4 stars for the amazing customer service!
Really really good
What a great little find this was!!!  Had lunch here a few weeks back and liked it so much that we returned for dinner that same day.  For lunch, I had the fish tacos which were delicious.  For dinner, the braised pork shanks and dy-no-mite oysters were the winners.  Both were absolutely delectable.  Would come back here in a heart beat.
I want to make the comment that a lot of these people don't seem to realize that there is a full upscale restaurant in back. I don't know if the menu is any different but our selections were top-notch. And their margaritas are to die for! Will definitely go back.
One of the bright spots in downtown Melbourne.  I've been countless times.  Unique sauces make the dishes.  Never had an issue with service, always fast and worth the money.  Goat cheese salad - one of my favorites.
I found out about a sushi dish not on the menu and that was one of the best meals I've had in Melbourne. The oysters were also particularly good that night. There's a giant paella dish mounted on the wall that makes me want to try that out next time I'm there. It was the size of our table!
My favorite restaurant in town. A bit pricey, but almost always worth it. Matt is a genius. I wish they had some less expensive options on the menu, or a better selection of appetizers. Would totally recommend this place. My mouth waters when I think about it! Mmmmmm....
I have to say, my attention was on the poor couple yesterday because we ate and  got our check and they were still waiting on their pizza. I almost complained for them. We went to Matt's while up in Melbourne over the weekend. I had the chicken salad and my fiance had a chicken sandwich. My dressing was out of this world{ a curry dressing}, but the service was not good at all. We asked for water and it never came, but like I said, the folks next to us never got their food. A waiter named Jason told them he did put the order in, but while we were there it never came. Also their bathroom was very dirty, and they ran out of paper towels. I would not eat there again
Good food, good entertainment. Often very loud and busy so either come early or stay away on the special event nights and weekends.
Matt's is a big place with a big streetside patio/bar and inside bar and dining in old downtown Melbourne.  Matt's got a pretty eclectic mix on the menu.  He is one of the best chefs in the area and the Casbah does a pretty good job of providing quality entrees, real nice sushi, and good lunches, always with a twist.   It's a big place though and can draw quite a crowd, so sometimes things can get out of hand.  The patio is a great place to people watch during the monthly Friday Fest.
With out a doubt.  The best food in the Melbourne area!
So so sushi. Owner was at bar with his significant other drinking and discussing business.  It made me uncomfortable. I wasn't impressed. Might give it a second chance since I am here on business. I haven't decided yet.
Food, live music outside and service was very good. They forgot to deliver an appetizer so not 5 stars. We'd go back. Recommend a reservation if your going Friday or Saturday night.
So I finally found a place me and my fiancé can go and eat and have good reasonable priced drinks and good food great environment  clean place security a defiantly a plus  I really like it there  and would gladly spend my money there totally worth it so take my advice and try it out
I'm a big believer in trying a place a couple of times before rendering judgment, but I have to tell you that Matt's Casbah makes a terrific first impression. We ate there on a Friday evening at about 6:30. The outside patio was fairly crowded, and because it was windy we decided to move inside where it was still relatively quiet. The staff was attentive throughout the meal - I don't think at any point we went more than five minutes without someone checking on us. The food choices were eclectic and interesting, with a boatload of specials recited by our friendly server. We had decided to eat lightly after a big lunch earlier in the day, and opted for a yummy seafood cheese soup as a starter and a couple of sushi rolls. The special Garnet sushi roll was outstanding, fresh with a unique combination of spicy tuna, crab and more ingredients than I can recall. Perfect! All in all, it was a terrific dining experience!
Went to Matt's today with a friend to get some sushi, but they don't start serving it 'till 4pm on Sunday.  Settled for brunch instead. I chose the Lump Crab and Brie omelette, with avocados, red and green peppers and red onion; while my companion chose the German Potato pancakes, with a pan fried pork chop and hot apple chutney. Our waiter, Sean, was awesome. We asked to be seated outside, even though it was a bit chilly out. After a few minutes, my friend started to get cold. Sean actually offered her a blanket to keep warm! How great is THAT for service? Now, on to the food. The presentation was beautiful, but for me, my dish was a bit bland. The eggs were a bit dry and it seemed the brie was all lumped into one area of the omelette. The hash brown casserole, however, was amazing. My friend raved about her dish, and, after offering a bite, I had to agree. We've been here several other times, and this place can really get hopping on the weekend in the evening. They also offer live music on the front patio occasionally. I'll definitely return, but wouldn't go out of my way to drive here from far away.
Eh, I wasn't that impressed.  It was ok, nothing really more then that.  I got the mpd roll and the radical roll.  mpd is one of my fav rolls but this one didn't really stand out.  The radical roll sounded interesting with smoked salmon and yellowtail with lemon, siracha and eel sauce.  actually i think they forgot the siracha, that may have improved it a bit.  The smoked salmon tasted more like canned tuna for some reason.  The menu was quite confusing.  actually i should have figured it wasn't going to be great from the menu.  when you see a menu with THAT man items, well if you cant do something well try everything right? isnt that the saying? lol prices are a little high but not that high in comparison to any other sushi place service was ok but if youve read any of my reviews, you know i dont go to a restaurant for service or atmosphere, its all about the food would i go back?  probably not but if i were with people and they wanted to go, id go...
I was really impressed with this place. Just off the street I wouldn't have thought their menu would look so good. The fish tacos and Arnold Palmer made a perfect combo for a breezy afternoon in the sun. The tacos were above par but not the best I've ever had. The actual best part of this place is the laid back atmosphere and great collection of classic rock on the stereo. The inside has a very fancy fine dining area for an evening meal, but for brunch or lunch this place really hit the spot for a moderate price. The kind of place you want to stick around after lunch and have a couple beers and a bloody.
great from the food to service
Just like the old one in IHB, the food is terrific. The atmosphere is fun. Everyone seems to be there. I saw tons of people I knew there out on a Saturday night, which is amazing because as a mom with small kids and in this economy I don't get out to eat much anymore unless it is MickeyDs or the BK for a kids meal. If you are in the mood for sushi, however, you have to sit in a special section. Why is this? I don't know.  I loved the goat cheese appetizer and the salmon entree but was a little weired out by the flaming (it was actually purposefully on fire) shingle, I swear it looked like a roof shingle it came in on. Now I am a well-traveled pretty cosmopolitan girl (OK, there was a time before kids that I was, at least) so I don't think that it is a small town mentality that kept me from appreciating that. Overall, the food is terrific and we're glad Matt decided to come to Melbourne because we don't want to drive too far anymore. Good enough so that if you only go out to date-night dinner once a month, it is worth spending your money (and you will). I came with a big disorganized group and they were relatively un-annoyed by us even though we caused some commotion, which we were thankful for. None of us get out enough any more.
Great oysters, good sushi and interesting menu. They also had a reggae band the evening I was there. Best off all it is pretty cheap.
I can't say I love this restaurant as much as the old Matt's on a1a - at  least not the entrees.  But we have found our perfect meal at Matt's  is to go in for a very late lunch and have a few appetizers and creme brûlée.  Must orders are the spring rolls, fried dumplings and tuna tower.  The crab and shrimp au gratin is also quite good.  Service is generally good although the last couple of times our server has disappeared at the end of our meal.  Sitting outside always makes the meal seem more festive.
Let me keep this nice and short: The food presentation: great; the food: good; the service: horrible. We were there to celebrate my sister's 30th birthday this past weekend and what a mistake it ended up being. We came in about 9ish and were greeted by a passive aggressive server who could not have made it more obvious that we ruined his night by showing up. I don't even know his name because he never told us. He said "So you need drinks?" Yes, that was his intro. He made us so uncomfortable throughout the night with his demeanor we decided to only order appetizers and get the hell out of there. As we were finalizing the bill within our party, he came by 3 times to collect AKA to make sure we paid up quickly so he could move on with his life. We didn't make a big deal of it because we didn't want to ruin my sister's night, but this guy really made all of us so angry with his treatment. The busboy, however, was awesome. He said "Hi my name is ____ but you're server will be ____. However, if you need anything I will be around so please ask." Not kidding. Word for word. Young man with braces and so much etiquette. Wish he had been our server. So management take notice of what could kill your business: don't schedule the guy that had the back room by the kitchen this past Saturday for evenings.  He gets irritated in having to work late and makes it obvious to your customers. And give the busboy a raise...better yet, give him a promotion with Mr. Rude's shifts.  (The girl server in the neighboring section to ours was as also polite as the busboy.)
We ate here outside this evening. Host was pleasant and seating us where we requested away from the 4 men smoking cigars like chimneys outside. Josh was our server and he was excellent! Too bad he had to serve below average, bland and overcooked food. My Peartini tasted like grain alcohol and I had to send it back even after adding copious amounts of ice to dilute it. The spring roll appetizer was inferior, there was just chopped cabbage on the inside no carrots, shrimp, pork, etc. in the filling. The mustard sauce was so hot it killed any taste of the springroll. Fortunately, Josh read our minds and immediately brought out sweet sauce. My wife's sushi was OK. My entrée of pecan crusted flounder was dry and bland. Zucchini side was rubbery as was my lobster tail add on. The rice was the worst - burned, hard and bland. Coffee after supper was cold and the chocolate dessert just average. We will not eat here again except maybe for a sandwich and soft drink, hard to ruin those. Our bill was almost $80 and NOT WORTH IT.
