We were in the middle of a six hour road trip, and decided Albany was the place to take a break. Anton's popped to the top of the list, so off we went to see what a four and half star Mediterranean restaurant was really like in New York. It was a great place to stop.  The staff was really friendly, the food was fresh and beyond delicious! Between us we had the gyro, pork souvlaki, Greek salad, and "greeked" fries. It was all great, but the five star kicker was the homemade pita bread!
Dirt cheap and the gyros here are very good. Loads of gyro meat that had a nice dark brown crust. Pita that isn't too thick or heavy. Tzatziki sauce that tasted of fresh dill. Small amount of tomato and onion. And the best part? No lettuce! Yes! The joint is a dump. But I say, SO WHAT? When the food is good I don't care. The fries that came with my gyro were excellent too. Anton's is my new go-to place when I crave a gyro.
Chicken souvlaki and lamb gyro were SO good. Packed with meat. Very filling. Sauce and seasoning were perfect. It was messy but you can't be mad at that. Next time we will get he junior size. I hear people complain about price being high but you get a lot of food for the money. The spanakopita was not very good. We wouldn't order it again. we didn't enjoy the flavor. Very wet. We would come back again for sure!
Gyro meat is perfect!!! Everything else here is also delicious. Best restaurant for this type of food for at least several hundreds of miles.
I found the service to be extremely friendly, the location convenient, and the place well maintained. The food was nice and seemed to be of decent quality, I just didn't really dig the flavor of the meat in the gyro. Based on how good everything else was, and all the other reviews, I will write that off to personal taste, and try a different dish next time.
Decent. Definitely wasn't a 5 star place in my opinion. I appreciated the food I had but wasn't wowed. Good for take out if you want something quick to take with you that's a little different than the norm. Wouldn't go too far out of my way to try it, but if it's close by, I'd say give it a try.
Nice meals!! Greek salad was large and fresh,  spanakopita was very good. Staff was friendly and helpful. atmosphere was a tad industrial, but not enough to worry about.
The good: the chicken souvlaki was good and the portions were fair.  The melitzana (eggplant spread) was tasty, and so was the pita it came with. The bad: the fish fry was eh, the fries poor, the hummus was overpureed and dry.  It wouldn't be a stretch to say it was the worst hummus I've had. The terrible: they didn't honor their own $5 off $25 coupon, which was taken straight from their take-out menu, and overcharged for both the souvlaki (listed at $7.25 on the board and take-out menu, charged $7.99) and fish fry special (listed at $9.95 on the board and take-out menu, charged $10.99). Seems chintzy, congrats on beating me out of a few dollars.
The Gyro was ok and the tzatziki sauce was terrible. They probably need to invest in a new  tzatziki sauce. I did enjoy the Gluten Free Bread... The service Was Awesome, very friendly people.
I discovered Anton's when a family member was at St. Peter's Hospital.  It is small, there are just a few tables, but the food is soooo good. It can get busy with hospital employees at lunchtime, so I try to go before or after the rush-hour.  I always get the same thing--greek salad with grilled chicken, a side of hummus and gluten-free pita.  the chicken is superb, the greens are always fresh, the pita is soft and warm.  The hummus is hands-down the best I've ever had--fresh and flavorful.
Killer gyros. Delicious fries. Great salads. Not big on their hummus, but hummus is a divisive issue. I like getting some little hot dogs for my kid, makes her happy. I have had better Greek food, but only in NYC. Anton's is obviously more convenient, and the meat hasn't sat exposed on a sidewalk all day. Oh, and I love their Greek sweets so much! I've never walked out without a couple baklava. Minus one star because they've definitely oopsed an order or two of mine in the past. Nothing worse than gearing yourself for a big, delicious gyro they forgot to put in the bag!
Had the gyro plate. It was slightly pricey for fast food but overall legit. We dined in, which was not a great experience. Either no AC or it was broken, and the air felt greasy. I would order To Go in the future if I need a gyro fix.
Amazing gyro's!  Awesome and friendly staff. Decent prices and great food. Definitely a must try!
Fantastic gyro. I went in after reading these reviews on how good the gyro was and it definitely lived up to the hype. The service was pleasant and personal. The quantity of the food exceeded what would be expected for the price. I also had a soup with my gyro, and while I generally don't like tomato soup this was delicious. I would absolutely recommend this as a quick bite to eat.
Just stopped in to the new Anton's.  I asked for a breakfast sandwich with gyro meat, egg and cheese.   What I got absolutely blew my mind.   These guys have got breakfast locked down.  Meat,egg,cheese, peppers, onions and hash brown sandwich!   At first I thought there was no way this could be, but rest assured this is the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had!  I can't wait to get back there to try lunch and dinner.   Great coffee too, by the way.  Makes Dunkin look stupid, and the coffee is free before 10 am for their first month.   Thanks guys...
Can't believe it took me 2 and a half years after moving to Albany to make it here. We ordered chicken souvlaki and chicken gyro last week and were really impressed by the quality, taste, and freshness.  It was so good that we returned again this week and were just as satisfied.  The staff is really friendly and if you call ahead it'll be ready by the time you get there!
Greek food, gyro in particular, has been hard for me to enjoy in Albany. I grew up in Queens and had gyro regularly from a place in the heart of a massive Greek community. Its one of two foods I go out of my way to get every time I get down there for a visit. (The other being White Castles, but that's not really relevant). The first time I thought I found a gyro place in Albany I was asked "chicken or beef" and I walked out in disgust. Its been a difficult hill for me to climb since. My wife walked past Antons a few days ago and mentioned it to me. It doesn't take much to get me to want a gyro, so we had some take out. Ordering was simple for me. Gyro or bust. But my wife is not familiar with Greek food. She asked what other Greek things I enjoyed, and I mentioned spanakopita and souvlaki. My wife is a new celiac and we discussed what things she should focus on, and I mentioned she'd probably want to get the souvlaki and a salad just in case. We figured she could eat around the pita and the salad would be sufficient filler for what she was missing. For whatever reason, my wife came home with a gyro and spanakopita. Apparently my discussion stuck in her head and she didn't think about asking while she was there. For me it worked out well, I got to have the gyro for lunch and save the spanakopita for later. The gyro was perfect, albeit smaller than I would have liked. Most of the filling was meat, with enough extra to let you know its there but not get in the way. However, the price I was expecting more. The salads were good, everything was fresh and the taste was right on target. Spanakopita was decent, but its really hard to judge hours later after its been reheated. We also shared an order of dolmades. I always worry about ordering them because the difference been a good and poor grape leaves can really sour my mood. However, they came out near perfect. Smaller than I had been used to, but still filled with all the flavor I was expecting. While looking over the menu we brought home, we realized they have gluten free options which would really have opened up a lot of the menu for my wife. Antons will definitely cut my need to travel three hours to get a decent gyro.
If this is the best gyro in Albany, then Albany doesn't have much...not impressed at all! I ordered a gyro and a small french fries. The pita on the gyro was hard and stale. The lamb was over cooked and rubbery. The tomatoes were barely present. Horrible gyro. The french fries were the best thing; and even they were stuck together. Shake the fryer basket guys...Shake the fryer basket! Smh Also, canned drinks are $2!!!! GTFOH!!!! My fellow Yelpers fooled me this time...straight bamboozled!!!!
I've known about this place for awhile; shame on me for not coming here sooner. My roommate just got back from Greece and was craving some Greek food, and asked me to tag along. Best decision I made all week. We both ordered a gyro with fries, and get this - instead of having our fries on the side, we had the fries put inside the gyro. Roommate assures me they do this all the time in Greece. Oh. My. Goodness. This gyro was easily on par with the amazing one I had in Queens...and in some ways may have surpassed it. Nicely seasoned meat, perfect amount of veggies...throw in those fries, and it's an extremely filling comfort-food meal. Also: they actually know how to fold gyros!  More than folded in half like a taco, they are curled in a bit more so they can be eaten with one hand with minimal mess. My brunch-time gyro held me over to dinner, no problem. Extremely friendly staff who seem genuinely happy to be doing what they are doing, with smiles and thank you's as we walked out the door. Can't wait to go back and have another gyro, and I'll be sure to save some room for dolmades (or maybe one of those awesome breakfast sandwiches, whose enticing aroma greeted us as we walked in...)
Was hungry one day for lunch while I was at St Peter's and let's face it cafeteria food from any hospital isn't good at all.  A couple of my friends visiting my newly born daughter recommend this place.  It isn't everyday I have the opportunity to eat authletic Greek food so I was pretty excited.  The last time I had a gyro worth mentioning was in Atlantic City on the boardwalk and it was really tasty.   So as I walked in to Anton's I was greeted by the owner and a younger kid both very nice and asked right away can I help you.  I was reading the specials but all I was really in the mood for was a gyro.  So that's exactly what I ordered.  No mystery meat here, they scrap off the lamb/ meat fresh for every order, from their rotating rotisserie cooking the meat...love that!  It was served with onions, tomato's, ( which I omitted ) and that creamy, cool cucumber sauce, on a warm pitta..YUM!  I also bought some of their homemade baklava, for my dessert after I eat my gyro.   As I was checking out, I was telling the owner his restaurant got great reviews on Yelp, he was happy to hear about that. I could tell he actually cares what people think of his food, service and restaurant.  That's what is it all about, that's  the reason I write reviews. All I can say is if I want real Greek food I am coming here from now on.  Everything I eat was delicious.  OPA!
This place has some seriously good gyros.  Found out about them on yelp and it turns out it was close to home.  Seriously good Gyro. Only con? Closes at 8, but it seems like a family restaurant so it's understandable. Owner was real personable too, chatted with me when I told him that I was also Greek, real friendly guy.
The place is small but it's clean (no sticky table). The service was great (friendly folks). The price is reasonable. The gyro and souvlaki are delicious, but not the best I've ever had in Albany. It seems that people who go here are regulars, which is a good indicator that the locals love it. I hope family business like this stays around.
Found this little gem one morning after crawling out of my apartment with my friends so get some much needed stomach support after an intense night. Very small place and sometimes the hours are weird, but the food is so great and the shop is clean.  We had gyros with fries and I believe it was around 8-11$ but I really don't care when I desperately want some deliciousness in my body, with meaty, saucey goodness--this is the place.  Plus, I like to support the local, smaller shops and thats another reason why I love Albany. Only thing I didn't like about this place were the questionable patrons sitting across from us.  Given we were hungover, ok, still half morning-drunk at least we were clean and didn't eat like pigs.  But that wasn't exactly the shop's fault..
I eat here way too much!  The gyros are delicious and they have gluten free pita! Now, I have had at least one non-gyro item and it was way too dry to even make it half way through but people love it.   Call ahead so that you over is ready even if you plan to dine it.
Good food but slightly overpriced in my opinion. A gyro, small fry and can of soda set me back almost $13. Would be nice is they did a lunch special or student/hospital employee discount. I'll go back if I have a craving for Greek but it won't be on my lunchtime rotation.
Been here three times so far and the food is very consistent. The chicken souflacki and gyro were very moist and tasty; pair it up with a Greek salad and it's a nice lunch. If you throw a drink in ther it adds up fast totaling $13 which is a little bit more than what I'd like to spend forlunch but it's quality. It's a great place to pickup lunch but it does take a bit of time so plan to wait 5-8 minutes for your food after ordering. Seating is pretty limited at lunchtime but the majority of people takeout so don't be turned away if there are no seats when you walk in. Tables turnover pretty fast. Just don't expect seating for more than 4 people.
I've always been slightly critical of most Greek restaurants, comparing them to my all-time favorite Greek eatery called Yanni's, located in New Paltz. After Yanni's, i have never had a stuffed grape leaf that i liked. Then I went to Anton's. Anton's menu boasts mainly traditional Greek fair, including gyros, souvlaki, spanikopita, and salads, sprinkled with some of their own creations that are a combination of American and Greek. They have a fantastic breakfast sandwich that you can order any time of the day or night, along with mini sliders and mini hot dogs. Their chicken souvlaki is flavorful and never dry. They cook their lamb in the cone style, which is shaved off fresh for each order. Their grape leaves are to die for, and the melitzana is some of the best I've ever had. I even love their hummus, and usually I hate the stuff! Not only does Anton's have great food, but the staff are extremely nice and are willing to go out of their way to make their customers happy. I've been here several times since they opened, and their food has always been great and I've never had a problem with them. On some occasions they have taken quite a while to make our food, but I can forgive them since they are a family owned and run business and have limited staff, and more often than not are quite busy. Their prices are reasonable and even offer locally-made gluten-free pitas for a minimal additional price (you can even ask for them when ordering melitzana or hummus), and even take the time and care to prepare your meal gluten-free too!
I really enjoyed the place. The employees were extremely friendly and helpful. I had chicken souvlaki and it was filling and tasted amazing.
Restaurant 1.5 stars I have eaten the spanakopida, gyro, Greek salad and portobello all have been top notch and are excellent Service 3 stars Anton is a very nice guy and everyone there was very nice and is more than happy to make suggestions or tell stories, very personable Prices .5 stars Reasonable. Not a steal but fair 1.5+3+.5 = 5 stars
Being almost vegan, its very hard to find food that is not extremely lacking in taste and quality. But this place has the BEST portobello mushroom gyro-like thing I've ever had. Actually, all the food is prepared right there in front of you, and the people are ridiculously nice. Anton is a firefighter of the department on my street, so the whole staff is all about the locals and the regulars. The only thing that made me sad was the Bhaklava. I love bhaklava, and I used to have the best bhalklava in Atlanta, but this one was dry. If it'd had more honey or something, it really would have been the bee's knees, but next time I'll skip it and get another one of their desserts. Good if you're feeling lazy and don't want to cook, but don't want to ingest food that'll take 5 years off your life.
This place, the self-titled "Gyro King" is for REAL.   One of the best gyros I've ever had.  Certainly the best in Albany.   No-nonsense kind of place.  It's a counter and a dude making gyros. Couldn't get any simpler or better.   I think there may be other stuff that they make...maybe, but who cares?   Get the gyro.   You're welcome.
Opa! Flavorful, quick, and reasonable. This family owned restaurant gives you generous portions of meat and flavors it to perfection. With daily specials and baklava on site, there's no stopping my visits. Eat up!
By far the best Greek I had outside of the festival !!! Fat gyros that are delicious and more than a meal !!!
best gyros in Albany. large portion, super filling. reasonable prices. the greek salad was to die for! you could tell the ingredients were very fresh! Loved it!
"Gyro Challenge" by Josh K. Here is your challenge: Find me a place in the Capital Region that makes a better Gyro? A better Souvlaki? Perhaps.  But a better gyro...I think not. And for 6 bucks on Mondays too!   The challenge is brought. Serving anything from breakfast egg sandwiches wrapped in pita (The EJ is a must) , to thinly sliced deli sandwiches (the house roasted beef is of particular high quality) to the Capital Region culinary trademarked of mini-dogs with the works (delicious homemade meat sauce), Anton's is a long-running, greasy- spoon diner and a Greek oasis on a busy stretch of New Scotland Avenue. Not that it is necessarily their fault, but Anton's loses a half-star for having no off-street (meter parking in front only).  Another half-star is forfeited as they really need to do something a little more aesthetically pleasing with the small, dingy dining area.  With a minimal amount of elbow grease, I am sure it could be comfortable and enticing.  But for now, the dine-in option hints at "take-out only". Since I don't want my Gyro to go cold, I will sometimes eat-in anyway. The Gyro is that good!
They were kind enough to deliver to me at June's Restaurant on my layover while Amtrak connected some trains. The online ordering system was a pain but we were told there was a 25% discount for first time online orders. There was a glitch that took some time to try and workout, after giving up we phoned the order in and still got the discount which we just hooked the driver up with. The portabello wrap was excellent. The house made hummus and roasted red pepper hummus was delicious. Next time I stop in on a train break I would definitely order again.
This was my first visit to Antons but will definitely go back when visiting Albany.  Tried the Spanikopita, Greek Salad, lentil soup and a yummy seasonal special with pumpkin.  Everything was fresh, healthy and delicious.  Restaurant is tiny, only 5 tables and clean.
My wife and eat get take-out from Anton's about twice a month.  I get a gyro and she gets a Greek Salad.  The service is fast and always very friendly.  The food is always good.  I love that everyone cooking will say Hello and goodbye as your enter and leave.  Just nice people I like buying food from.
Since Antons changed ownership I have been there twice. Both times getting a gyro and both times very unsatisfied. Although the new owners are friendly and kept the same feel, they do not know how to handle the beef/lamb. It is VERY dry and I felt like I was going to chip a tooth certain pieces were so hard. Also the tomatoes are no where near as fresh. The worst part was with all that dry meat there was virtually NO tzatziki sauce on my gyro. The most important part! The last owners put two heaping layers of sauce, one on the bottom and one on the top. This problem can easily be fixed and I hope it is because I love ANTONS! But If they hand me another gyro like that I guess I have to wait for the the food trucks.
Not only the best beef gyros i have had in Albany but probably the best I have ever had. The meat is good on anything including their salads. It is reasonably priced and they punch a card every time you order a sandwich. After 10 punches you get one free. They are very nice people who are always friendly. I recommend this place to everyone.
This place has the best gyro in Albany and they make it quick. All of their sandwiches cost no more than 8 dollars and that is cheap especially when you get the EJ Grande which is loaded with 4 different meats, 2 eggs, and veges. Every time I get it, they warn me that I would need 2 hands to hold it which is very true. It's HUGE and can probably last  you for a whole day.
I stopped in to Anton's on a recent Monday because they do $6 dollar gyros on Mondays.  I can eat, so I ordered two.  Let me tell you, one is adequate.  The gyro meat was warm tender and well seasoned.  The  red onion and tzatziki sauce were nice compliments to the abundant gyro meat.  I must admit, I was very pleased with how much meat they put on these gyros.  The pita was fresh, warm, and held everything together securely.  I will definitely be stopping in again to try an Ej breakfast wrap and some greek fare.  The service was very fast and friendly.
Great Greek and fun stuff to eat. Family-run business and everyone is very friendly. We usually take-out, but there are a few tables for dining. Nice people - go there.
There is a new Gyro King in town!  The new Antons blew me away!  Everything is homemade.  I had the cheeseburger soup along with my Gyro and wow is all that I can say!  I learned they have homemade soups everyday, perfect for this time of year.  A+ for the new Antons.
Anton's new staff is awesome. So friendly and fast to get the food out. The EJ breakfast gyro was amazing!!!!! All their food it homemade and tastes amazing. The homemade hummus was the best I ever had. So great to have a family-run great Greek food place so close. Anton's will definitely be my go to place for lunch
Greek food as it's best! love to go to Anton's for so many different menu items, great prices, good employees, I love to eat here.
Gluten Free Pita , I love it, The food is to Good, But the Pitas are so big & delicious I have to eat all of it & then I want to collapse, Which would be ok it I wasn't at work  :)
Outstanding! We had the pork Souvlaki and the meat was so tender and had a lot of flavor. My son said the gyro was the best he's ever had. And for dessert some homemade Greek pastries! Yum!
Today was the first time I went to Anton's. We tried the Gyro and Abriel sandwiches. The Gyro was good, but the Abriel wasn't very flavorful. Friendly service.
AMAZING. I had a chicken souvlaki (same thing as a gyro but with chicken, pork, or shrimp) and my boyfriend had a gyro and both were so flavorful, delicious, perfect! The chicken was drenched in sauce and all tender, combined with the onions and tomatoes, the sauce, ahhh so so good. I am so full after eating it, but my mouth is craving MORE.
Absolutely yummy authentic Greek food...where I go for an urgent souvlaki need..
Good Food :)
they have gluten-free pitas. therefore, I'm biased.
Great neighborhood place.  I've gotten hooked on the gyros - which are wonderful.  The rest of the menu looks great, but I'm such a fan of the gyros that's all I've tried.  Even if I didn't live nearby, I'd drive to this place - absolutely worth making it a regular part of your routine.
This is by far the best Greek restaurant in the greater capital region.  There gyro's are huge, tasty and authentic and for the celiacs out there you can purchase a gluten free pita to go along with your meal.  Highly recommended!
I was picking food for a party of 5 people so my large order took a while to get together, but in a reasonable time.  Gyros, souvlaki, spartan chili, fries, and hummus were all pretty good, the gyro being the pick of the litter.  The food tasted great and everything was hot and the pita was great!  The place was very clean and I saw them bleaching things down.  Everything looked good until I was about to leave.  The cook took a rolled up sheet of raw bacon which was sitting on the counter (at room temperature) with 2 other rolled up sheets of raw bacon and unrolled it on the cutting board where the cooked, ready to eat items are cut.  That surprised me as that is a big no-no in the food service world but in a small kitchen could be acceptable...perhaps if you were to sanitize the counter and then wash your hands after neither of which were done in the remaining minute I was there.  If it wasn't for this issues Anton's would have gotten a lot higher rating, but in my eyes sanitation comes before food quality and service.  That being said I would be hesitant to go again.
