Best comfort food in melbourne...and yes is from an irish pub. I recommend trying the beef and guinness pie and the 18 cent soup! In addition I was there for saint patricks day celebration..they had a breakfast buffet that was just amazing! 100% recommended!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Melbourne! First of all, the atmosphere is captivating. I love walking into restaurants that are decorated and set the tone for your dining experience. I have never been to Ireland, but this place makes me feel like I am walking into an Irish pub. We always see friendly faces when we walk into the door. We have always been greeted and seated immediately. I have ordered the corned beef and cabbage, shepherd's pie, and fish and chips in previous dining experiences. My favorite has to be the shepherd's pie. I enjoyed the other dishes, but I keep going back to my favorite. The shepherd's pie has a huge portion of meat and topped with a large portion of fluffy mashed potatoes. The cabbage is well flavored along with a small side of cole slaw. I am not a fan of cole slaw, but my husband said it was tasty. You also get a dinner roll with your plate. The amount of food on your plate is plentiful for two meals...well worth the money and amount! We have also tried the chips and dip as an appetizer. I didn't think the small cup of cheese dip was worth $7 honestly. Plus, we were not offered a refill so for a family of 4 it wasn't a smart choice of an appetizer. My favorite appetizer is the super cheap and very tasty bean soup. I love the bean soup!!! I also love the fact that the cup of soup is less than $0.50!!! I have never tried the desserts but the menu looks tempting. We have visited as a family, but we also brought a friend when he was in town. While I stuck with drinking sweet tea, my husband and friend bought the huge beer server that held over 7 glasses I believe. It was huge and very expensive (around $25 I believe) but well worth it instead of buying individual beers. They have a ton of options for beers imported and local. I am not a huge beer drinker so I cannot speak for which are the best. They also have a huge stocked bar so you can definitely find something to drink of your choice. They also have a few options for coffee as well.
Have heard rave reviews about this place since moving to the Space Coast a few months ago.  Had an opportunity to go there after a car show this past Saturday (10/18).  Never had a chance to get a drink or try the food.  The on duty manager was rude and herding people around like cattle.  We were affiliated with two groups that had reservations but the atmosphere was so chaotic and claustrophobic, we chose to leave.
This is the perfect pub.  Great atmosphere, friendly bartenders (Karen was wonderful!) good specials, plenty of TV's for sports.  You truly cannot ask for better!
While the Guiness, Carbombs, and staff are the best.  Sometimes the food can be a little cold.  Have had their french fries and ribs twice and they've been cold.  Other than that all their "bar food" is excellet.
Great food, very happy. They always seem to have live music. It is a pretty loud spot, but still one of the best around town.
What's not to like? People playing their string instruments at a few tables. Check. Good fish and chips. Check. Ample TVs that even had the Caps game on. Check. Friendly staff. Check. Boddingtons on draft. Check. You get the idea. Fish and chips were delicious and I also got the 18 cent bean soup which was phenomenal. The live music, which I normally fine loud and obnoxious, was soothing and at a normal volume so you could talk to your neighbor and not scream. What sets this place apart is the service and everyone in the place is overall happy and friendly.
Meg's is one of the best restaurants and bars in the Melbourne/Palm Bay area. Good atmosphere, service, food, and decent beer selection. I'd recommend the blackened prime run sandwich, best I've ever had. Also, be sure to get the $.18 soup.
Not Irish but I believe it to be the closest thing to authentic Irish cuisine. Live music is also very good.
Great atmoshere, great food, and a friendly staff make this place a "MUST VISIT"! Spend the $0.18 and try the bean soup, can not beat the bargain!
I wanted to give this place a good review, and will obviously revise mine at a later time, but an Irish pub closing just before 10pm? LAME!
Found this place on a business trip to Melbourne.  I work for a company based out of the UK, and I do sometimes crave some fair from there.  This Irish pub has some great food.  Good enough that I came here for 3/4 nights I was in town. The fish and chips are great, so are the bangers and mash.  What really had me coming back were the potato balls.  Never had anything like it before and they are AWESOME, got them on all 3 nights
Great atmosphere and food but service can be a little slow... Probably because everyone is tweeting about the $5 Guinness they are drinking and not looking at the menu quick enough then delaying the waiter/waitress from taking your order.
My home pub in my hometown this bar will always have a special place in my heart. A little pricey but the atmosphere and the company usually make up for it.
Another great meal and service on April 23, 2014 at Meg's. Really - the attention and service is excellent, as is the food. Best, most consistently y good food and service in Melbourne, FL. Do yourself a favor and go - you will not be disappointed!!!!!
Awesome pub! Really loved the atmosphere and the food was great. I had the fish and chips and I wears very impressed. Most of all the draft beer was great and perfectly cold.
Always good food, always very crowded.  I'm Usually with a group of people 8-10  and they never have a large enough table nor do they take reservations. so usually forced to so elsewhere.   Most unfortunate.
Being from Vegas, I was expecting this place to be a run down version of an Irish Pub, I was pleasantly mistaken. This place is AMAZING!!! It was a family restaurant and pub! The wait wasn't too long. 15 minutes for a party of 3 early on a Saturday night. We ordered the potato balls as an appetizer and the Cheese and Ale Crock. They were delicious. Those of you who may shy away from the potato balls, please don't because of the corned beef. You cannot distinguish that flavor. My dad is not a fan and loved these little fellas. I LOVED the Cheese and Ale Crock. It was delicious. I loved pairing it with the soda bread. Seriously, if I wasn't with people, I would have spooned this into my mouth. It was THAT good. For main dishes, I got the Shepard's pie and it was the best I've ever had. Juicy meat, tender vegetables, and savory gravy. My parentals got the bar trio which came with sample servings (decent sized, too) of the Shepard's pie, bangers and mash, and the Irish Stew. All of which I sampled a bit myself. The stew was amazing! There was a magician doing magic and they had a over band play tunes around 7 PM. It really was a family fun atmosphere. I am sure as the night dwindles on, it becomes a watering hole enjoyed by the masses. Well, Ms, O'Malley, you impressed this Irish Lass! Top o' the hat to you!
Nice atmosphere, reminiscent of Dublin. Fast, friendly service. The 18 cent bean soup is delicious!
I love the Irish Pub atmosphere. They have live bands that play. Overall it's a great environment. Normally, I come here for drinks. and with a full bar and experienced bartenders you'll always get what you want, and get it quick.
I love the  happy hour menu and it's a friendly place ! Food is always good and during the month of May is Derby days! Fun things on menu!
I love this place! The atmosphere is excellent. The food is delicious. The service was great. Every time I come to Melbourne I have to stop by.
Meg's is Meg's and you must love it.  Located in Downtown Melbourne, the food is great (better than bar food), the beer is cold, and the bartenders I adore.  I always sit at the bar and I have never had a bad experience.  It's a great place to watch the World Cup!  Go there! If you are disappointed, then that's on you!
Always come here when traveling to Daytona.  It is my must stop for lunch or dinner on my way back to Miami.
Went to Megs with the impression that it would be bland bar food. I ended up having the Lamb Chops. The meal was amazing, have not had lamb like that in a long time. Was not expecting Megs food to be all that great but was blown away. Very impressed and will definitely return again. Great food, friendly staff and great atmosphere.
Excellent place.  I have been many times overall several years and have always had great food, great service and a great time.  The staff is very friendly and attentive and they know how to do their job, and do it well. The menu is extensive and very appropriate for an Irish Pub.  The Bangers and Mash are to die for!  (Then again, I am a Bangers and Mash connoisseur).  Excellent Beer selection - but they could stand to offer more ciders.  I like a good hard cider with my Bangers and I'm not a fan of Angry Orchard...they do have Magners Irish Cider too, which is very good.   This place is a blast on Friday or Saturday nights...and don't get me started on St. Patricks Day!   Great place for dinner, lunch or a hang out!
Nothing drives me more crazy, than when you order an appetizer and a meal( bangers and mash) at 2:00 pm not super busy. You get them both at the same time. Really????????  Told the waitress about it and all she had was " sorry" and walked away.  I don't get it......
Our waiter was funny and informative. I suggest the cheese/bread appetizer. The menu has a lot of choices and there is also a kid's menu. There was a football game on but we were seated away from the TV's which was nice. Overall, this is the best thing to do in Melbourne.
This place is great, food good, service super, and meals come out fast, and the 18 cent bowl of bean soup is terrific. Its busy but they handle the crowds in a timely fashion. Best find in our new area of Melbourne FL.
Great Irish Pub just happened upon this place decided to have a quick lunch. This turned out to be a great find the food was amazingly good and the service was just as good. We tried the Fish and Chips and a Reuben both were giant portions and very good. We definitely will return to try more off the  menu. Lots of choices on this street this is a sure thing.
We lived in Melbourne for the last 3 years, so we tried pretty much everything on their menu, and everything is great. I especially recommend Oak smoked salmon, Crab and Shrimp cakes, Baby back ribs,  Corned beef with cabbage, Lamb sliders and of course 80 proof cake for the real dessert.
I want to love Meg O'Malley's. I have a bizarre emotional attachment to the place, kinda like the way you feel about an ornery dog that is adorable 90% of the time, but the other 10% of the time it's eating your favorite shoes. Or in Meg O'Malley's case, giving me food poisoning. Let's start out with the good things about Meg's. They overcame a fire, quickly refurbished the place, and came back swinging. They host some of the largest events in downtown Melbourne. You can get a properly poured Guinness. Their bar area is generally fun and lively. I have never had a problem getting quick service and seating when at Meg's for lunch, but dinner is a different story entirely. Plan on spending some time in Foo Bar (next door) while you wait for your beeper to go off. Last time I went, we ended up waiting for about an hour for a table. And now, the bad news. In the past year, I've known three people who've gotten food poisoning there, myself included. Chicken dishes have been the culprit all three times, so I'm a little curious if they need to invest in a meat thermometer. Or if they should check out the quality of their supplier. Ultimately, if you want to go to a loud Irish bar and have some drinks, this is a fun place. Just stay away from the chicken.
This is rural Florida and the closest metropolis to here would be Orlando. Meg O'malleys is located in an active downtown circuit of Melbourne. I would say that Meg O'malleys would be the most happening place to be at night round these parts. The age median here would be mid 30's to mid 40's but it's a really active crowd when the live band starts playing. There are 2 major parts to this place, the dining area and the bar with stage. I ended up on the dining side but wished I was on the bar side. You can hear the music the same though. Biggest win was all day all night  cheap Jameson and Irish Coffee. I downed about 6 of these. oh yeah baby! -=-shepherd's pie-=- so there's a couple upgrades you can do to this and I went the whole enchilada on it. I did a Mac and cheese upgrade and got more cheese on top of that. To the side you would get a stone hard bread and cabbage. I'm usually not a fond of the name shepherds pie since it's basically seasoned ground beef with cheesy stuff on top, but call it meat on cheese any day and this dish has my full support, just toss obsurd amounts of cheese on top. The cabbage was great too with a light salting.
My inlaws took me out here for my birthday today. The place was really busy for the 2pm on a Wednesday, but I'd say it was worth the 20 minute wait. The 18 cent soup is delicious, I ordered that, with some shepards pie, which was great. Suprisingly the cabbage didn't really taste like anything, but that wasn't really that big of a deal for me. I also ordered a "Rockstar Rootbeer" which was some sort of mixed drink. That I think is my new favorite, so smooth you didn't even realize you were drinking....until the buzz hits you :) The waitress there was great, she was so happy and sincere. She was even dancing while she walked....and the place was so busy in there I would have been going insane if I had been her, but she did great. She had heard me overtalking to my inlaws about how this other restaraunt had charged $15 for desert and to sing happy birthday....and next thing you know here was our waitress with 2 others delivering me a bread pudding with a candle in it singing Happy Birthday, when they were done she says "I hope this was better than the last place" ....it certainly was. I can't wait to take my husband here, great food & a great atmosphere!
I didn't really care for this place.  Nothing I ordered was really that great.   The Irish Chop Salad is really just potato salad with 4 leaves of lettuce.   The Chicken and Chips was ok, but not even the best chicken fingers I have ever had. The Crab Cake was the one thing I did really enjoy. The service was just ok, and with a wide open restaurant, they decided to sit my wife and I right next to a baby.  And when I say right next to, I mean the nearest human being was a baby.  If it would have turned around, it would have been sitting at our table.  it is was like, "Seriously, why would you put us here?"
Cool Irish Pub, with a huge bar. The food is really good and the stuff is friendly
I love Meg's. I remember when it opened and my family and I were there every weekend. I moved back to FL a few years later and it had lost the home town feeling I remembered. Maybe that's because I returned with a child. The 18 cent Parliament stew can't be beat and I love love love the potato soup. Always have a good time when I am there and always left satisfied. Weekend evenings however are for the adults, and expect a wait...a long wait.
I love megs! I have never ordered anything off of the meg's menu that I did not enjoy. The food is always amazing and the service is always good. Somedays of the week (friday and saturday) expect long wait times to get a table but it's totally worth the wait. The drink menu is also really great. Their drinks aren't watered down like a lot of irish pub/family dining places.
Stopped in for drinks and appetizers while I was in town visiting friends. This place has a laid-back Irish vibe serving up your traditional Irish fare. The food we ordered was the Cheese & Ale Crock (Dip) and "Meg's Threesome" which is a trio of appetizers (Potato Balls, Sausage Rolls, and Cabbage Wraps). The Cheese & Ale Crock was a well-balanced blend of Irish ale, Farmhouse cheddar and Dubliner cheese that was served with an assortment of Irish soda bread, brown bread, and garlic toast. The trio items were also quite good. The potato balls were well fried and had great flavor. The sausage rolls were meticulously baked in a flaky pastry and the sausage had a mild flavor that wasn't overpowering. The cabbage wraps were filled with juicy corned beef which the whole grain mustard complimented nicely. Overall, it's a cool place to drink and get all your Irish favorites. Both the service and the food were great. Next time I'm in town, I'll have to come back and try one of the main plates.
My father raved about this place so we went during a recent visit to Melbourne.  First thing, the wait was LONG and the service was quite bad.  We were seated and pretty much ignored until we asked someone where our server was.  Waiter did apologize but they were out of bread and a couple of items that we tried to order.  Clearly unprepared for the rush on a Sunday night prior to a Monday school/work holiday.  If you have been in the restaurant business for any length of time, this should not catch you off guard.   The food was decent.  I had fish and chips, which are hard to get wrong (anything deep fried is pretty much delicious).  I did not care for the sheppard's pie, just personal preference on what I like in mine.  I liked the 19 cent bean soup (I did not believe that was the cost, but it is!)  and the mac n'cheese was good.   However, the SUPER loud, crowded atmosphere coupled with long wait, shoddy service and fairly pricey tab did not leave me excited to return.  I can see how locals, maybe having some drinks during the game or after golf, might establish an emotional connection to a place like this.  But, for a family outing or a "nice" meal, not so much.
The in-laws live in Melbourne so now every time we visit we HAVE to go to M.O.M.'s The Steak & Guinness Pie is the BEST.  I have tried a lot of Irish pubs trying to find something comparable and have not.   Also the Meg's Threesome with Potato Balls, Sausage Rolls & Ceilteach Cabbage Wraps is so yummy.  I have seen so many "Irish Pubs" that serve Mexican & American foods with not very many Irish choices, so Meg's is just an Irish descendant's dream.
The atmosphere here is always festive.  I've been in for drinks as well as dinner.  I highly recommend the potato balls as an appetizer.  My drink of choice is always a Guinness stout. The corned beef and cabbage has to be my favorite meal there.  The corned beef was not too salty and was pretty flavorful.  You also get a side of mashed potatoes and hearty wheat roll. My next favorite meal would have to the be fish and chips.  Normally I'm not a fan of fried food.  Most places tend to over fry the fish, but not here, it was done just right.  The french fries...excuse me chips, were about average, but not bad.  You also get a side of coleslaw. There are a plenty of TVs mounted around the walls, usually showing some type of sporting event.  There's also a small stage where sometimes a live band will be playing. If you're in Downtown Melbourne, I'd highly recommend stopping in.  If not for a meal, then definitely a drink.
This place is super cute! The storefront is on the same street at Historic Downtown Melbourne, but I guess we came through the back way, which looked like the front. It was great though! Their place mats that they give you have Irish Blessings, Bar Etiquette, and fun facts! The food is amazing and the waitress that we had was fun! All servers dawned a short kilt, knee high socks, black sneakers, and a black polo. Definitely something for the guys :) After a certain time, the scene gets a little interesting as the drinks start flowing a bit faster :) The food was really good with Irish dishes like "Bangers and Mash" and other fun favorites! I would TOTALLY go back if I were in town again! The people watching part is just plain fun and it's a rather large place! I wonder what it's like on a weekend... A MUST TRY!
Our favorite Irish pub..  Food is always good.  Prices are great....especially the .18 bean soup!
Excellent food and service.   Our server, Jimmy, was right on top of everything. Delicious potato balls for an appetizer.  I had the roast leg of lamb which was to die for.  My husband had the corned beef and cabbage which he said was excellent. Nice atmosphere in Oldtown Melbourne.  We will definitely return!!!!
You can't go wrong with the Big Bopper's Meat Loaf (ground beef & pork) dinner.  Great mashed potatoes, tasty buttered cabbage and the secret meatloaf sauce was excellent.  I'll definitely go back for this again.. We ordered 3 cups of the "18cent Irish Parliament Been Soup" which was the perfect appetizer.   This gave the entire party diahrea the next day but maybe that day's batch was a bit off.   I might give it a go after a few Pints on my next visit. Enjoyed the Irish One man band but I think he drank a few too many free pints.  I enjoy Irish music but he seemed to be singing the same tune throughout the evening...
Typical Irish pub. Being from Boston, I wasnt too excited about it but the co-workers (also from boston) wanted to go here.  Why? Probably for the beer. The food was ok. Chicken pot pie was what I had.  Nothing to memorable. If you like Irish pubs, you should try it.  For me, meh...
Great irish bar. Good ambiance, great food and drinks. Some "interesting" locals. Overall an great experience. If you get there early enough w/ a group, go for the hidden booth to the right of the restaurant by the window.
I have eaten lunch here several times over the years.  Consistency is the one word that comes to mind.  Having eaten at several other Irish Pubs and none compare to Meg's.  The $.18, Irish Parliament Bean soup is an excellent way to start off your meal.  Yes, that is the price and it is good!  My favorites are the meatloaf and shepherd's pie.  The atmosphere is old style Irish and looks like your typical Irish themed restaurant.  There is also a full bar and sports bar type atmosphere inside as well.  I have been for an intimate lunch with my wife and with a large group.  They handled both rather well. Overall, this is one of my favorite restaurants in the Melbourne area and the best Irish restaurant in Central FL.
Dined here 2/21/14 (Friday) party of 4.  Arrived at about 1:30 in the afternoon, there was a 35 minute wait and only limited seating for waiting (one bench inside for 2 people and a few outside in the heat). This area is a busy historic and touristy location. We had to park 2 blocks away.  Despite this rough start we were able to order drinks while waiting. Each of us had a different meal and it was all outstanding.
I don't think we'll be going back.  We waited at the host stand for almost 5 minutes before someone finally came over and sat us.  Our table was right next to the kitchen and server station-- not exactly where you want to be sitting.  Then we got to wait almost 10 minutes for a server to even approach the table.  The whole time we watched servers and even the manager pass by-- no one paid any attention to us sitting there with closed menus and no drinks.  We were just about to leave when someone finally came over, and the first sentence out of her mouth was "All ready to order?"  Not "I'm so sorry for the wait" or "Hi I apologize can I get you guys something to drink?"  Nope.   Our food did come out relatively quickly, but nothing special.  I mean it was good and inexpensive but nothing we couldn't get just about anywhere else.  And at least we wouldn't have to wait and deal with the sound of dishes being dropped in bus tubs every 2 minutes.
Super cool atmosphere with plenty of booths, barstools, TV's and a great beer selection.  I came in for drinks before El Ambia Cubano.  A great pint to start off the night.  I'd easily come here again.  Super comfortable. Free Wi-Fi was nice.  The place would be great to watch NFL on Sunday.
For whatever reason every time I travel we end up at an Irish Pub, they always seem to be lots of fun and this one was no different. The food here is very good. I had the crab-shrimp cakes and the house soup (white bean soup). The place was very crowded at dinner time so calling ahead will probably be recommended also parking can be hard to find in this area. Some interesting house cocktails in the menu.
Great Irish pub.  I went here the last time I was in Melbourne and had a really good experience.  From what I could tell, the staff had mostly all been there a while and knew what they were doing.  The food I had for dinner was really tasty and well prepared.  They had some kind of small band jam session playing live music over in the corner where (I believe) anyone could come in with their respective instrument and join the party.  I thought that was a really cool idea and it all sounded very good.  I will absolutely be back again at some point in the not too distant future.
The only time I go here is with a group of friends, I really wouldn't come here by myself for a few reasons. Yes, the food is alright. I wouldn't say its great but its decent for pub fare. The drink selections are pretty vast, and if you love guiness you will love this place. My big thing is the noise level, its's really freaking loud and difficult to carry any kind of conversation. Prices are a bit on the high side for Melbourne but in line with anything Downtown. Besides that, service was pretty good and I didnt have to ask for anything. The waitress that took care of our party of 10 had everything under control nicely.
It was good to go to a place and see a mix of people in there - the place was packed at dinner and very busy at lunch, while everything else on the street was shall we say lacking customers. No wonder it is busy, the food was very good.  Irish Pub fare, great selection of beers and very good and friendly service. Will definetly go back when I am in town again.
This is a great Irish pub with incredible food.  I always stop by when I'm in town. Highly recommend the fish n' chips.
Simple. The best food and service in all of Brevard county. Ive been to Irish/Scottish/English pubs all over and this is the one that they should all aspire to be. The food is superior and prices fair. Great single malt and beer selection too. I highly recomnend the following...Fish and Chips, Rosemary Scented Irish Stew, ANYTHING topped with their mac and cheese, Ale and cheese crock and the Chicken and Rashers. The nightlife is outstanding as well. They feature some of the best entertainment around in a very friendly, non-bar (pickup joint) atmosphere. The consistently feature celtic musci too. The Windbreakers and Uncle Hamish and the Hooligans are my favs but they have some other great acts as well. All in all, Megs is the best, hands down! PS we ALWAYS ask for Tommy. He's funny and fun and does his job VERY well!
Love this place. Been going here for over 10 years and have never had a bad experience. Love potato balls, cabbage and most of the menu. Last visit I tried the triple sample and it was so filling I had to bring some home. Service is always quick, servers are attentive and drinks are STRONG.
THE Irish pub in the area. In old Melbourne.  Big place with a step above  pub grub that ranges to good Irish fare and ribs, live Irish music, dozens of beers on tap, lots of fun, and it's the host of all sorts of holiday events from Meg O'Ween to St. Patty's Day. It can get pretty crazy, so not the place for an intimate diner for two on a weekend night.  A potentially raucous Irish bar?  Who knew? I like their food.
Just Amazing! Best corned beef and cabbage ever, soooo lean. Get the appetizer sampler, you'll love it. Atmosphere fun and festive. Must stop for us next time to Melbourne
Great atmosphere and awesome food.  Best bangers and mash I've ever had.  Service was excellent!
Located among a strip of quite a few other bars in Melbourne so even if this place doesn't cut it for you, there's plenty of plan B's. Lots of Irish beers on tap (as well as the usual suspects). Full liquor bar. Lots of seating available.There was a drum/piano cover band playing that were ok, but didn't fit the genre. Service was good. Bathrooms were a bit out of the way if you sit on the left side of the restaurant. We had the chili cheese chips, turned out pretty good. I'd go again, but not before returning to The Mansion first (about 3 blocks east from there).
Pretty cool place... the Irish environment is fun for family during the week. I've celebrated birthdays over at Meg's and the service's is pretty good even when it's jam packed. One bit of advice though, St. Patrick's Day is not a good day to try eating at Meg's.  It's packed about three blocks worth of lines sometimes. Did I mention they have WiFi there?  You can have lunch and check your emails, and down a pint if you want.
IRISH FOOD, FUN AND ATMOSPHERE! All the best and all in one place! We've been patronizing Meg's for years. Meg's suffered fire damages in 2008 and was closed for an extended period. They reopened better than ever and have never looked back! Exactly like walking into a pub in Ireland, minus the airfare! Start off with any of their appetizers, but absolutely get a cup of their 18 cent Irish Parliament Bean Soup. Simply ask for the 18 cent soup! Delicious, hearty and yes, only 18 cents! For lunch, recommend any of the salads or sandwiches. My favorite sandwich is The Kilkenny, piled high with Meg's fantastic corned beef and cabbage. Served with slaw and a huge pickle. For dinner, a lot of choices adds up to what kind of food mood are you in? Each dish is unique, fresh and flavorful, so you just have to decide which flavor blast your taste buds will enjoy at that moment. You can choose from Pub Fare or Main Course dishes. Pub Fare items are value priced and menu items you would expect to see in a 'pub'lic house anywhere in Ireland. Main course items are wonderfully crafted complete meals including choice of salad, 1 side and an entree. Main course dishes take your eating/dining experience up a notch from simple pub fare, and are tantalizing tasty. My favorite Pub Fare dishes are St Pattys Pot Pie, Beef & Guiness Pie, Bangers & Mash and of course, traditional Corned Beef & Cabbage. My favorite Main Courses are Bunratty Baby Back Ribs, Chicken & Rashers, Prime Rib and the newest addition Lamb Chops. If, after raving about your meal, you still have room for desert, order the Fresh Baked Scones. Oh yeah! Stick around at the bar after your meal for some libations and good friendly chatter with the locals. Meg's attracts good people and Melbourne has a ton of 'em!
Meg's has been really hit or miss in my experience.  The good times were really good, but the bad times were really really bad.  Meg's has been the only place I've had to walk out on. I've only had only one bad food experience here, it was with the Mayor Goode's BLT which the bacon was beyond burnt. Bad service has been the problem the majority of the times.  The worst was when we had made reservations for a small party (8-10) for a lunch gathering.  We were seated and sat around for about 30 min before we tried to flag down another waitress, then waited another 20 before we just got up and left.  We were pretty sure we weren't getting waited on because the waitress was knew she was going to get a tip regardless of how well she did since gratuity is included in parties more than 4 or 5 people.
Favorite place for Irish pub food. Travel from Vero every week for the food and entertainment. Traditional pub fare. Excellent in quality. Traditional Irish music. Our favorite place. Service is superior to any restaurant around. My second review, first one 2 years ago. Very consistent. Can be crowded, but it's what you would expect with a top notch eating establishment.
Great irish pub atmosphere. The food is consistently very good and very reasonably priced. They even have a decent selection of craft beer which is great for me since I don't drink bud, miller, coors stuff. The place can get quite loud when they have live music. So if you don't want the loud live music get booth near the bathroom side of the restaurant. This is one of my favorite places to eat at in Melbourne.
Great Reuben, Kilkenny sandwich. I've also had the fried fish and french fries many times. Both very tasty meals. Tried the sheppards pie but, I prefer my home cooked sheppards pie. Love the complimentary bean soup!
18 cent bean soup is outstanding!
Ate lunch there today.  It was about noon and was surprised at it being busy.  The daily specials were good and the pints were cold.   There service was quick.  They have a frequent customer program that can get you a $ 25.00 gift card.    I will definitely be back.
Excellent food and atmosphere. Would highly recommend!  Went here twice while on vacation and LOVED everything,
Meg O' Malley's has been around so long they have bean soup for 18 cents.  My mom likes to get the break pudding with the rum raisin sauce and I always like the Sheppard's Pie. You generally bump into someone you have not seen for a while and if you are lucky maybe you can chat it up with our local "celebs".
Had the prime rib sandwich....it was pretty, darn good. Add a nice cold beer to it and it makes for a good lunch experience. Can get busy at night. Bartenders really know what they are doing too.
I've only been once but it was the Best French Onion soup and the Best fish-n-chips ever, better than what I had when I visited London!  Great atmosphere too.
We stumbled in here last Sunday to be overjoyed at the amazing food. Quite simply the best corned beef and cabbage I've ever tasted, and a huge portion. It comes with mashed potatoes that have cooked cabbage mashed into it. Very special stuff. We also shared an appetizer plate with potato balls, Irish sausages wrapped in puffed pastry and cabbage wraps filled generously with minced fabulously delicious corned beef. I wish they had this place where I live!
Highly recommend this place. The food is great the atmosphere is nice. Highly recommended.
My friend and I were planning on going to The Burger Place across the street, but they were closed for vacation. So we decided to walk across the street to M.O.M. The service was very good, and the food was delicious! I am glad The Burger Place was closed! Would definitely recommend.
I came here for dinner with my parents on a Monday evening. The Chicken Pot Pie was excellent! My Father ordered the Fish Special - Grilled grouper with a citrus/jalapeno glaze, and loved it! My Mother ordered the corned beef wrapped in cabbage which she said was salty but that's what is to be expected with corned beef. We also ordered a side of mushrooms sauteed with garlic and butter that were lovely. The waitress was friendly and attentive and we loved the old pub feel.
Meg O'Malley's  for a Little Irish Cheer & a Big Welcome As soon as you enter Meg O'Malley's, you know that you are going to have a great time.  The ambiance is warm and welcoming in the traditional Irish way. Irish music plays in the background.  Even the female servers get into the Irish spirit with plaid skirts.  The day we dined here, it was pretty quiet at the restaurant. If you visit around St. Paddy's Day you will find a very different atmosphere - extremely busy, noisy and energized.   A friendly hostess immediately escorted us to a large booth and gave us old-fashioned looking paper menus to peruse.  The menu is quite extensive.  Although I have been here before, I asked Andy our attentive server for his recommendations.  He suggested several including the Blackened Prime Rib Sandwich; his other suggestions were for more substantial meals than we wanted for lunch.  Andy had a wonderful sense of humor, put up with our antics with a smile, and dish out some of his own.  We enjoyed his entertainment. One of our party of four ordered his highly recommended Prime Rib Sandwich and said it was delicious.  The Prime Rib was roasted rare as ordered and without the blackening.  It came topped with cheddar and caramelized onions on a toasted Kaiser roll, $11.50.  It was well worth the price, she told us, as the sandwich was quite filling.  I ordered my usual choice, the delicious (The) Kilkenny Sandwich - thinly sliced hot and juicy Corned Beef, Swiss, Cabbage and Thousand Island dressing on grilled rye bread, $8.95.  Another diner ordered it also.  I was only able to eat half.  Our fourth diner had a BLT, $6.95 with a fried egg, $1.  Each sandwich arrived with a jumbo pickle and vegetable slaw.  Three of us, just for fun, also ordered the 18-cent Irish Parliament Bean Soup.  The restaurant continues to sell the soup served in Irish Parliament for the same price today.  It is a real bargain. I do not usually like bean soups but this was very quite tasty and served hot. On the lunch menu there are sixteen sandwich choices and three burgers (make it a double stack for just $3 more.)  Add more toppings, too, for more options.   If you prefer appetizers, Meg O'Malley's has  fourteen of them, plus six soups and six salad with a selection of additional topping if you are more in the mood for these at lunch.   In addition, Meg O'Malley's offers traditional Pub Fare: Corned Beef and Cabbage, Pot Pie, Banger & Mash, Irish stew, Meatloaf, Baby Back Ribs, Chicken & Chips, Beef & Guinness Pie, Shepherd's Pie and Fish & Chips, $8.95-$11.95.  Several times I have ordered the Corned Beef & Cabbage on St. Paddy's Day.   If you come for dinner, there are also nine Main Plate Dishes, $15.95- $24, 95.  A newer addition to the menu is the $24.95 Lamb Chops - three loin chops char grilled with a grain mustard and rosemary crust.  Five desserts round out the menu.  Or, come for Sunday Brunch served from 11AM-2PM.   Order a Traditional Irish Breakfast (or order from the regular menu) but be sure to try their Famous Bloody Mary with over 30 ingredients. If it is libations you want, this is the right place.  Meg O'Malley's has an impressive list of domestic and imported beers and brew blends plus wines by the glass or bottle,  For some extra fun, try one of their M.O.M's Signature Selections  "served in a dirty old mason jar". Enticing names include Irish Kiss, Huckleberry Lemonade, Shamrock Punch, Electric Leprechaun, Emerald Isle Tea and M.O.M'S Mojito.  If you are out to make a night of it, try the impressive Blarney Bowl - One Half Gallon Fishbowl - they limit 2 per table.  There are also Meg-O Ritas, Irish Car Bombs and M.O.M'S Flavored Lemonades - you pick the flavor.  Martinis, Cordials - Malts/Whiskey/Bourbons and Coffee Specialty Drinks round out the Drinks Menu.  If you cannot find what you want here, I would be surprised.   There is always something happening here - live entertainment, street parties, promotions and give-a ways.  Check the Website for each month's schedule.  I love coming to this restaurant because it is so much fun.  Prices are fair, food is good and everyone seems to be having a good time working here.  Wear off your meal by strolling around the historic area of downtown Melbourne as we did.  Why not stop by for their famous Halloween Street Party and check it out for yourself?
Potato balls and delicious beer.  We sat outside on the patio and watched hockey.  It was pretty quiet out there and we were right in front of the tv, which was nice and unexpectedly private feeling.  I thought this was really surprising considering how busy and loud the inside can be.  I am a huge fan of pub food and as far as hearty fare, this place completely delivers!  The food was absolutely delicious and a good mix of creative and traditional.  We had the beef and guinness pie and it was fantastic!  I definitely would go back next time we are in Melbourne.
Went here for a business lunch so sadly, I couldn't sample the cocktails. The food however, was quite good. I had the turkey club and almost had to deconstruct it to eat it.  Excellent turkey and bread and the portions weren't to shabby.  A little on the pricey side for pub food but I would definitely go back.
Amazing bar.  Soup is fantastic.  Atmosphere is great.  Had the beef pot roast which was incredible.  Great beers.  I visit periodically on business and will be coming here every time (the Mansion is also good, and a nice casual place for customers with great food, but this place is more lively and a great place to hang out)
11/05/08 Meg's has re-opened after closing (for a long damn time!) for repairs after a kitchen fire. There's a new hostess stand and some new items on the menu. We tried the new salmon appetizer (pretty good, cold sushi style salmon, sesame crackers, herbed cream cheese, onions, chopped boiled eggs with capers), Spinach salad (warm bacon dressing, bacon, boiled egg and onions, very tasty!), the corned beef cuban (excellent) and for dessert we tried the fresh made scones with sweet cream butter (delicious!). Meg's pretty much looks the same, has some interesting additions to the menu and the same great menu items it had before.
I don't think I've had a bad meal from here, everything was always delicious! I believe the only complaint would be that it's usually a long wait and they don't do call ahead seating.
Great comfort food, good drinks, excellent wait staff, nice decor, clean bathrooms at a reasonable price.  This place is an icon in Melbourne, and we found it by accident.  Best corned beef & cabbage I had since Mc Sorley's in NYC.  Also; their carrot cake is outrageous!
Get the bean soup, it's $ .18, and worth every penny!  The bangers and mash is good, not the best I've ever had.  Live music Wednesday night through Saturday night.  In the cute little Melbourne shopping strip.  Good times.  TVs everywhere, definitely a sports bar.
Everyone that knows me well, knows that I am an Irish Pub nut, so when I was with a group in Melbourne on business they were all quick to point out to me Meg O'Malley's when we passed by it. Later that evening we were in for a drink and music and we had a great time.
Great place with a nice choice of beers. Food was excellent
I had the soup and sandwich combo and it wasnt too bad.  The biggest draw seems to be for the rolls and the 19 cent bean soup, which was actually some of the best bean soup Ive ever had, especially for less than a quarter.
Now this is a real Irish Bar and restaurant!  Plan on taking out of towners here when they visit.  Very cool place.
I ordered the Beef and Guiness pie one night and it was great.  Really hearty Irish food and piping hot.  I got the same thing the next night and it was room temperature and too salty.  The 18 cent bean soup is pretty good though, and it literally costs only 18 cents for a cup of it.
Decent corned beef, loved the 18cent soup. Get there early especially on a Friday for your pick of tables but be prepared to wait any other time.
Visited this place while on vacation, it was a bit of drive from Cocoa Beach but well worth the effort. I loved this place!! The food was excellent, with an extensive menu. The servers were friendly and prompt. The interior was lovely, warm and inviting. I would highly recommend giving them a try.
Fantastic experience all around.  Only a short wait to get our table and our server was great. I had the Beef and Guiness Pie and it came out perfect; be sure to ask for an extra roll as the bread and butter give it a whole extra dimension.  My wife ordered the Trinity in order to try a variety of menu items all at once. Both of our dishes came with one roll on a bed of steamed cabbage. Of course we all had a cup of the Parliament Soup and were pretty happy, especially at $0.18 per serving. Our little guy had the mac & cheese; it was pretty basic, but they did have other Irish traditional kids plates for the more adventurish, and it always comes with a free dessert!  Well, we weren't going to have him eat alone, so we ordered the bread pudding - again, fantastic. Everything came out in a very reasonable time, was fresh, and tasty. A magician even stopped by the table and put a smile on everyone's faces.
Great pub. Like many others I was expecting flavorless pub food with mediocre service (perhaps I haven't had good pub experiences before so the bar wasn't set high). I walked in and the atmosphere was great. It was a Saturday at about 4:30pm and we were a party of 10. Per their rules we had to wait until most of our party was there before we could be seated. We were given the "godfather table" which was located in the back and was a circle which made it easy to talk and hear everyone.  The server was very attentive and on it. She quickly took our orders and our glasses were never empty. The food was very tasty.  We had a trio appetizer with the potato cheese ball (forgot name, amazing), corned beef cabbage rolls (soooo good) and some sort of brat in like a phyllo dough (not a fan, but not bad, loved by others). Unfortunately, I was in a particular mood and only wanted a salad and grilled salmon which was all delicious considering it wasn't their specialty dishes.  Honey had the bangers and mash and the sauce was great! I could have ate that just with mashed potatoes and been satisfied. I also had a flight of Balvenie and he had a black velvet.  Our total for two entrees and two drinks were $50 not including tip (we didn't pay for the appetizer). FYI-The menu on the website doesn't seem to have the new increased pricing. Everyone seemed pleased with their entree. The Shepard's pie, bourbon ribs (meat fell off the bone) and the corned beef sandwich was ordered by others and everyone was pleased. All the food came out at the exact same time within a reasonable time. I've never had such great timing with a meal for a party of that size. I would definitely return again and would recommend it for large parties. Look forward to my next visit!
On business travel and had lunch here. Restaurant itself was very inviting great atmosphere, food selection looked good, didn't try the 18 cent soup that's a must when I come back! I had a bowl of mussels the garlic butter sauce, it had the right combination of flavors that complimented the mussels, and they gave a pretty generous portion. Mussels were clean and tasted good. Service was as expected and during the lunch hour that is what you want.
This a great place to eat at in little Ol Melbourne FL.  Try the Cuban/ Irish sandwich it is awesome!  Don't forget to order the $0.18 cent soup for an appetizer.
Authentic Irish, feels like I am in Boston
I am no longer a Meg O'Malley virgin.  I've finally succombed.  And it was good.  It was the best.  Everybody at the table had the very best of whatever it was they had.  The mashed potato balls are worth the calories.  It was without a doubt the very best juicy fish and chips I have ever ever ever had anywhere, including London.  Great!
Potato balls!! Also had wings and a Ruben sandwich which were both great. A bit of a wait but there was a festival going on and the bar kept us entertained. Large beer selection, fun atmosphere.
Excellent dining, great service, drinks, and overall 5 star experience.
The best in Brevard...by far.  Fun and great food.  Eat here at least once a month.
Don't get me wrong, the place isn't all that bad.  Decent food, and a good beer selection, but by no means the best.  I think the lack of a decent dining scene in Melbourne has caused locals to overstate mediocre food
A main-stay in Olde Towne ... always busy, and lively.  Most locals go here, and the bar is good size with live bands most of the time (evenings).  The food is average quality but the menu includes some interesting dishes, expecially the pot-pies.  Corned beef is always available and is reliable.  I recently had the ribs, and they were cooked well, but the sauce was too powerful.  The food is inexpensive ($6 - 12) per dish.  Go for a lunch, a beer, or some "bar food", but don't count on a real - good meal there.
I think the service was the best I had when I was in town. The beer selection was one of the best I have seen anywhere. I got the fish and chips and the fish was decent but the chips were amazing!
Place has good food and great service . It's a great bar to go for lunch, happy hour, or late night . It's usually an older crowd ....That can be a good and bad thing . But overall a great place to eat and grab some drinks . The cheese balls are an awesome appetizer . The moms chef salad is one of my favorite salads . It is a very large salad that could feed two fat people. I also recommend the Shepard's pie .
Allright if you have read my reviews, and those that are buried deep in the bowels of Yelp (due to filtering), my usual star rating has been 2.  Meg O'Malley's  after one visit will be our restaurant of choice, due to price, quality and dining choices.  I had the beef pot pie, while others had the ribs, and corn beef, and honestly the only problem with this restaurant is the parking and the crowd.  Hopefully the rest of Brevard county will look at O'Malley's and possibly mimick with good ample food and reasonable prices.  Thank You Meg.
This place is great!  Lots of fun and the food is outstanding. Went here twice in the one week we were in FL.   Will definitely go again.
Good beer, live music many nights!  I dig this place.  The Parliament soup is excellent.  It's a gem in the heart of downtown.
I would love to love this place and we have been going  there since they opened. And Maybe it became to popular and they know it,at least it seems that way. I use to love their burgers until they changed the rolls. The burger is perfect but its on something that has the texture of foam rubber. What happened to the crusty roll I come to love. They told me they got a new supplier well they may have lost and old customer, except that 18 cents bean soup is out of this world. That's why I gave them  three stars.
What a wonderful restaurant.  You can sing, dance, and eat great food at in one place.  Not only that, but kids are welcome.  If they'd only bring back  the creamy fish dish that I loved, I'd give them 5 stars.
Great service.  Themed menu items. Good prices on drinks, sandwiches, and entrees.  Appetizers are fun, but lighten the load and drop the prices, bet they'd sell a lot more that way.  Great atmosphere... a real awesome place to kick back, cool off, and chill.  Great after a day in the sun at the beach!
Meg's is one of my top 5 places for casual dining. The food is consistently good ( I eat here 2-3 times per month). They are famous for their Traditional Irish Pub Fare Menu and their .18 cent bean soup. My favorite menu item is fish and chips. The atmosphere is living and it gets a bit noisy at times but not so loud that you can't have a conversation. The service is fast and the wait staff are generally happy and helpful. Seldomly there is a short wait especially during the winter months when the snow birds are here. When I have out of town guests we always go here and they are never dissapointed even the pickest ones. Hope this helps!
Delicious food and great atmosphere! I recommend the potato balls and the Rosemary Irish Stew.
So we were at the quiet Melbourne airport on a Sunday, wanted something to do while waiting 4 hours for a plane to show up, and the one airport snack bar didn't really appeal to us. Seeing how almost every restaurant in the area was closed on Sundays we taxi'd over to Meg O'Malley's. Great Irish pub, huge portions, delicious food, friendly service. The  "Gaelic Nachos" appetizer alone was probably enough to feed the three of us...we probably set a family record for most food leftover.
We decided to try this place on a whim...we were alittle hesitant at first since we haven't found alot of great places since moving to Florida. We are from CA and we've had some excellent food and have very high expectations. We were very pleased with the food and service, we had the fish and chips with the cider beer, awesome!! We've been here one more time and it didn't disappoint. We will definitely go back to try the rest of the menu!!
The food was great there. Loved everything. I can't give it 5 star since I only been there once.
Meg's. There isn't too much to do here in my fabulous Melbourne hometown--but Meg's is one of them.  It's never too crazy or Melbourne-riff-raffy with most of "that crowd" going down the street somewhere.  One big draw to Meg O' Malley's is there is usually live music of some kind.  Always adds a little something! Recently when I was there last, we took our seats at the bar--nice, spacious, clean (minus this random smell of dishwater that circulated in and out here and there).  Bathrooms were also good to go. Prices--do able. The bartenders were quite friendly and attentive.  Went for the Guinness, of course! Sat down with friends and chatted...had such a lovely time--we didn't even realize we were three hours deep into our time at Meg's.  Between watching the game and having  a pleasant atmosphere--it was quite delightful.  At some point we got hungry--my Meg's experienced friend said he's tried about everything and it's all good.  We went for the nachos which were SERIOUSLY grande! Extra sour cream came flowing quite easily also. Holla! Overall, it was a lovely time! Also we had a few Melbourne characters which provided for some wonderful live entertainment. Did I mention we also comfortably sat in front of a nice flat screen and enjoyed the football game? I'm sold!
Great pub food.  My husband adores this place.  Good food, huge portions and he loves the shepards pie.  Service is hit or miss but we really do not mind the cold beer keeps us coming back.
Use to be a big Meg fan.  Last few visits, hamburgers have definitely shrunk as have side orders of fries.  Better to raise prices than shrink portions.  Not good business.
Good Irish pub grub.  Lively atmosphere.
Great Irish Pub ambiance, love the menu.  It can get kinda hairy on weekend nights due to street parties and general barhoppers.  But if you don't mind a crowd (seeing as you have in fact, stepped into a PUB) then this is a good place.  Try the chips and gravy which is fries with a Guinness gravy.  Or the Potato Balls which is mashed potatoes with bits of corned beef and spring onion deep fried and served with sour cream.  I recommend the Shepherd's pie which is quite filling and savory, bangers and mash which is twice as much food as anyone needs, the Rosemary scented Irish stew- very warm and  inviting.  The Potato Bacon Leek soup is my BF's fave.  In fact the three leaf clover is a good way to try the soup and get a half sandwich and some salad.  My only problem with Meg O'Malleys-  I've been patroning this place for about 8 years and cannot get a proper pint of Guinness.  They do not let it settle correctly and for that they lose points.  Because they are and Irish pub, and two doors down and one of the busiest bars in downtown I actually CAN get a proper pint.  Go figure.
I used to live in Cocoa Beach, and every time I come back in town, I have to make it to Meg's before I go home. They have the best ribs I have ever had, live music, $.10 cup of soup that is delicious, and an excellent selection of beer. So much fun!
Having gone there for many years I have never, ever had a disappointing meal. We are lucky to have this place in our community. It's loud and busy,  but that is a small price to pay for a good meal and good service!
I wish I could rate it 5/5 stars. On previous occasions before and after the fire, the food and service have been great. Today was awful. The trinity sampler was served COLD. Sent it back for another. It looked like they microwaved it and sent it back in less than 5 minutes. (You could still see where I checked for the temperature the first time.)  Looked like 3 cups of Alpo on a plate. YUCK. No flavor. Sent it back uneaten. Fish and chips looked like Mrs. Paul's. The  2 in the group who ordered it said Mrs. Paul's would have been an improvement. 3 of 9 in the group thought the food was edible but not great. Of course, they had the benefit of a couple of Guinesses before eating. Toilets not flushing in ladies' restroom. Informed the hostess who stated they are just slow, shrugged her shoulders, and said they'd work if you wait long enough. Waitress used bathroom and left without washing her hands. GROSS. Manager (Drew said he was the manager but clearly just an employee sent out to deal with the situation.) also thought the plumbing and hand sanitation issues were not a problem. The service was so poor we did not want to leave a tip. The waitress tipped herself 20% as the menu states she can. It was at that point I protested. Drew (the "manager") would not back off so we had no choice but to refuse to pay for the uneaten trinity. Left very unsatisfied. Drew (the "manager") also RAN around to the front of the restaurant to ask one of the party how his food was. He said it was okay. He had 3 guinesses and couldn't even remember what he ate. How would he know how the other 8 of us liked our food? I don't think Drew is really the manager. Shame of the real manager who let him pass himself off as the manager. It was a disservice to Drew, our party and the staff who work there and should be able to depend on competent management. Avoid until they get their act back together.
Had their fish and chips, fish was almost black it was so overcooked, french fries cold and mushy, didn't complain just won't go back.
Great Irish pub and some of the best Irish food I've ever eaten.  Servers were very friendly as well.
