The drinks are a little pricey, but the atmosphere is pretty cool. I wish it were more ventilated; not wild about so much cigarette smoke since I don't smoke. I found out this place is dog friendly - not just outside, but inside, too, including on the couches. That might get me to come back here again with my boys. I also really like the hospitality and courteousness of server Mauricio and bartenders Tabbitha and Scott. This place is also crazy busy on the weekends, so I try and come when it's quieter, but still enough people to talk to on week days.
The place itself is very nice. Comfortable seats, indoors is nice, and the outside sitting area is great as well. The drinks taste good and they have a happy hour. The bad: I would never recommend ordering a mixed drink from this place. The prices aren't listed anywhere and I'm pretty sure you just get gouged depending on if your a guy or a girl and the mood of the bartender.
Very clean, excellent ambiance and decor. The music is very good, the bands are excellent; and the whole thing is more of a lounge than a bar. Probably the best one on all that downtown strip. Cons are the drinks are overpriced, and it gets too crowded in there on the peak nights.
This is my favorite bar in Brevard. The space is hot. The cocktails are excellent. The music is fresh. The crowd looks great. What else can you want right? So come by, sit back, order a drink, and enjoy the vibe. If you see me, stop by and say hi, I wont bite.
I've been in Melbourne for 3 months. This place has the friendliest patrons, allows smoking indoors, and plays soft-house music. A fully stocked bar, plenty of comfy seats, and decently priced drinks. This place has an older vibe 30s-40s. It is very lounge-y and isn't overly loud. Bartenders are quick with drinks and they are strong. This is definitely my favorite place in all of downtown Melbourne. Foo-tastic!
I'm giving this place 1 star because I liked the company I went with. Cons: Music was too loud & just noise with few words: The couches and throw pillows were way too cozy--some of the patrons seriously needed a ROOM!: The waitress was too busy to get  us an ice bucket for our overly-priced bottle of Champagne. As a matter of fact, she was too busy to even take a tip I was trying to give her. ((Her loss)) Too dark, too smokey--just not something I usually go for when I go out. Thank goodness I didn't have to go to the restroom based on the other reviews. I don't plan to go back.
Foo Bar is exactly that, a bar.  Not a night club and not a PUB.  Its an upscale bar with tons of attitude.  Walking in you realize this is not a bar you expected. The outside patio just makes you relax as soon as you look around. It's the only bar in downtown Melbourne that looks like it was decorated by a professional interior designer.  As a matter of fact, it actually was.  The female owner has taken great pride in showing off all of the hard work she has put into the place. The outside patio that has huge cushiony couches and coffee tables.  There is a  gorgeous custom made all wood bar  ( I'm guessing $10k worth?!) and back wall. The leather bar stools and ottomans are studded and there is a couch that wraps around one wall!!  Custom Again.   The music during weekend nights turns into house music but during the week you can hear anything from 80's to good old classic favorites.   The bar and waitstaff are truely one of a kind.  The owner and managers really take their time in picking the staff. They are all very genuine and very pleasant and the service is great when it is not packed.  You will have to be pacient when it is.   This place goes from spacious and roomy  to butt to belly button on Thursday through Saturday nights.  there are only two bathrooms in the bar and they are unisex.  if you and your friend need to go weeeeeeeeee bring them along because the lines get long. the coveted spot in Foo Bar is the U shape "NOOK".  That's where I look for my best friend. He will be the one with his shoes off  and bare footed or in the winter comfy warm socks sticking out.. The patrons are very ecletic.  You have your typical clubbers and college students but you will see the more experienced folk there too to have a glass of wine or a Rob Roy.    I have been there on numerous ocassion and if you want a place to hang out, take it easy and meet wonderful people this is the place to go.  whenever i get the chance i will be there having a merlot...  And if you ever want to try this hidden treasure say hello to the beautiful redhead Casey behind the bar.  Tip her well and she rocks!!
It is pretty. Nicely appointed with comfortable bar stools. First trip we were the only couple in there and had nice service from a warm and appropriately chatty bartender. He suggested interesting rums when we asked about one he didn't have. I also tasted a great Pinot Noir I still seek out at the store. Next trip I'm pretty sure we were bothering them when we asked (we had to ask) to order drinks. Same thing the third time. It is overpriced for the area and does think a lot of itself.  We drink elsewhere now unless we notice the place is relatively empty and the bartender looks friendly.
Nice atmosphere, but with two parties on the patio it took 20 minutes to get a drink.  After taking the order but ten minutes before I got the drink the server was intent on knowing how I would like to pay for it.  She actually presented the bill before the drink! I like the ambiance/vibe of this place, but the service outside was horrendous.  Can't say how the bartender was, didn't stick around to try it out.  Maybe you'll have better luck than I did, but if I return its strictly for the ambiance of the patio, and I'll order drinks from the bar instead of from the wacky wait staff!
The hubby and I were up in Melbourne for Fat Tuesday and were hitting a few establishments along the "strip." Post dinner, we were looking for a place to have dessert and while walking past, peeked in Foo Bar. We stopped, looked at each other and both commented in unison, "that place looks cool!" We figured a pre dessert cocktail would be swell and went inside. The bar is beautiful: a wonderful mix of casual, tropical chic & eclectic. Seeing as it was early and only a few patrons were inside, we sat right at the bar. Our bartender rocked: (Scott) Attentive, knowledgeable, friendly, and maker of damn good drinks. Margarita: one of, if not thee best, I've ever had. The bar started to fill up around 9 and Scott handled it effortlessly. He did have relief arrive--as I'm sure it continued to get busier after we left. We will definitely be back...next Tuesday in fact! Ben Prestage will be performing and I've been trying to get my hubby to one of his shows for 2 years now. Loved this place. A new hangout for us and friends for sure.
Stopped in last night.  Great place!  Nice atmosphere, open air setting and a fun bar staff. The only negative thing I can say relates to the bathrooms.  First, there are only two and they are co-ed.  (So guys, get in line behind the girls!)  Second, there is a creepy sign in the bathrooms that say you are under surveillance to prevent vandalism.  (So, essentially they are saying that a camera is watching you as you strip down to do your business.)  Creepy.   In short: Go here, have a great time: But hold it until you leave.
I'm sorry but I just don't like this place.  I went on a Thursday.  It's overpriced and the vibe is that of "beautiful people" aka people who go out to be seen and have tons of attitude.  It's trying to be South Beach in Melbourne.  Makes me laugh.  The drinks were overpriced and I waited 15 min for a simple crown and ginger.  I am not one to dismiss a place without giving it a second go so I will try it again and see if it was perhaps just that night.   I will say the outside patio area is very nice and has great potential but the atmosphere wrecks it for me,
OK...so I'm a creature of habit.  Once I find a place I like, I'm pretty devoted.  Foo Bar is that place I'm just devoted to.  I guess I like the ambience.  It's dark and loungy and has a mixed crowd that makes for great people watching.  I like the music and even though it's small and can get loud, you can always escape to the front patio for some fresh air.  It's an intimate place for good conversation with a cool vibe.
Drinks are over priced. You have to wear a respirator if you want to breathe in here. It takes a year to get a drink. I'm sure people think this is upscale but it's mostly people that are clueless and need to get out of Melbourne. The owner is a crazy slut and usually easy to take home. I also watched her jump over the bar once and start beating a female customer. Typical white trash.
Wow.  What a bunch of idiots. The waitress ran off with my credit card after I had been there for a couple of hours. She claimed she did not give it back since I had not met the minimum credit card charge of $10. I insisted they return my card and they said I should leave.  They were not nice about it.  They are on a street with 20 establishments but acted as if they were the "last chance cafe".   Will not return. Suggest if you are in the area you stop by Matt's Casbah ,  they are actually a nice group of people. The food was good too.
My husband and I enjoyed this spot on many of our date nights. While small, it is comfortable and very trendy for it's location. It reminds me of a chic bar in Soho (NYC) where you'll find your favorite celebrity at their coolest. There's  an outside patio, but no room for live entertainment or dancing. Simply a hip spot with an air of romanticism and great art on it's walls. There is a full bar, and comfortable seating along the wall. The specialty cocktails are a must.
Came here with some friends one night for happy hour (1/2 price).  It was apparently a good time to come, as the bartender seemed quite bored and raring for an excuse to drink.  So basically for every drink we ordered she gave us a round of shots  (patron even) that she would partake in with us.  There was only like 4 other people in the place (40 somethings) so the bartender paid us 20 somethings close attention. Especially after a lil %100 Agave got flowing through her blood stream.   Aside from the free booze, the best part about this place was the aesthetics.  You walk in to an outside "patio" with tiki torches, live bamboo, fountains, tables and couches.  It had a very asian, Mr Miyagi's house kind of feel to it.  The inside was equally as nice, with dim lighting and tons of leather sofas and such to relax on.    We came back on a busy wednesday night, and it wasnt quite as fun for us.  Actually, we didnt even stay.  The guy/ratio was not in our favor, and it was tremendously smokey.  But the bartender was there and recognized us (surpisingly, I figured she wouldve black us out), but we didnt care to partake.     All-in-all Id say its a cool place to come with some friends to have a nice chill evening, but not necessarily on a busy night.
As far as Melbourne Florida goes, this place always is a good choice for meeting up with friends. It is a pub atmosphere with an upscale edge, including some interesting art on the walls, sofa's to relax on and a fireplace. The bar staff is friendly and the locals fun.  Have fun.
Over rated and smokey.
Soooo I drive here almost 200 miles for my friends birthday ! We order drinks which surpasss the 3 dollar buds whitch cheap college students ask for. After, the gay bartendender tries to rip off a foreigner for the change of buying a corana for 100 dollars he ask the bouncer to kick me out after I tried helping the foreigner for  misatkingly paying the bartender a $100 dollar bil instead of 10 dollars.  After I rescued him from financial disaster I started talking to this woman who was from the hometown  of melbourne, I bought her a corona and boutght myself one as well. In an act of discrimanation and anger the bartender mentioned that my drink was warm and emptied both our drinks in our presence.  After, I rightfully complained he had a meat head bouncer escort me the way out... Honestly, drinks are worth wayy too much and for the horrible customer service u get there you are better off staying home and drinking by yourself  !!
