Two poorly taken care of pool tables that cost $1.25. Balls get stuck EVERY game and the Bartenders have to come open the access panel to pull out the balls. Needless to say they are not happy about having to do this and when we told them it was an easy fix to raise the one side they could care less. Best special was the 3 liters of beer for $13 bucks, but if someone breaks the LARGE pitcher of beer they give you, they charge you for the damage. Did not happen to us, but I was warned. Was not smoky when we were there. Can take a while to get drinks so plan accordingly.
I wanted to give this place 3 stars - the drinks were fast and good, but this place was dirty and the DJ was way too loud. Mind you, NOBODY was dancing, and the sound echoed throughout the bar. I don't know how this place is on profitability, but they could probably use the help of Jon Taffer's Bar Rescue show. They did have a copious selection of beers, both on tap and in bottles.
Sloooow service. Decent amt of beers on tap though. They allow smoking inside...blech. If you're wondering what ever happened to that sketchy girl/guy, you'll find them here.
This place is gross and creepy. You're jammed shoulder to shoulder with sweaty men. I'd say the ratio is roughly 4 men for every 1 woman. The men and women's bathrooms share a wall, and on that wall is a piece of plexiglass where the mirror should be, so the guys can WATCH YOU wait in line and wash your hands from their side. The whole bar gives off a "dirty strip club" feel. If you're a woman, STAY AWAY.
This place is disgusting. This place reeked of cigarette smoke and there was just another calibor of people here that I am not accustomed to nor have I encountered, ever. Beware. Trash everywhere, napkins and cigarette butts littered everywhere. It was dirty. My friends said she almost lost her cookies when she attempted to use the restroom. There was karaoke, but nothing fun or sing-along was being played. Just say no. I will not be returning here, ever. Just gross!
The place was great! There is a ton of room to move, tons of bar stools and tons of cool people. The person below complaining about smoke has obviously never been to BAR before. This place rocks! The management was cool and the entertainment was even better!
Debauchery is one of the newer bars in the downtown Melbourne strip, and sets itself apart for having a huge number of beers on tap (35 according to their website) in addition to a full bar. The beers are priced competitively and it's actually a better value for your buck to drink beer over their mixed drinks (with the exception of drink specials). We had cocktails and beer, and our beer total was significantly cheaper than our (strong, well mixed) cocktails. It seems like Debauchery always has something going on - a theme night (such as Trivia night, or Thirsty Thursdays) or live music. The crowd in the later evenings is going to be a bit more "active", but come earlier and it's still possible to have a conversation with someone either in front of or behind the bar. Lots of TVs show sporting events and complimentary popcorn can keep you glued to your barstool for much longer than you had planned. Smoking is allowed at this bar, perhaps the only reason I don't spend more time here. I wish they would install those air filters that draw the smoke away, because even when the cavernous bar is sparsely attended my clothes end up reeking of cigarette smoke when I leave.
Awesome beer selection including a good amount of craft / quality beers, live reggae on Friday night, no cover, I'm a happy man!
I was visiting Melbourne this weekend and my wife and friends decided to go out for a drink. We lived in Melbourne for over four years and we are glad that finally the people is getting new places to hangout. However this is not the best place in town. The place is ridiculous packed, smoke is allow in the facilities which makes it very disgusting , and the music wasn't great. They also had a reggae band playing for over forty min, which probably that was the highlight of the night. Nothing really great about this place. Thank god today we are going back to Ft lauderdale.
