Restaurant is clean, fast and efficient. Employees were fantastic, happy, enthusiastic, polite. Food was delicious. They ran out of drink carriers that held more than two beverages, so we were given 3 beverage carriers for 6 drinks which wasn't exact easy to set up so the drinks wouldn't spill, but they were apologetic and polite. We made it work. :) My favorite meal is the chicken bites with fries. I use their house sauce/dip which is amazing. I love it so much I even dip my fries in it.
I try to keep my fast fold intake to a minimum but when I do indulge, I go to chick-fila.  The manager David could not have been nicer or more helpful.  We ordered some sandwiches to eat in but wanted the coffees to go at end.  When we were about finished, he brought us out coffees and asked which type a creamer we wanted.  Great location!
I love the regular chicken sandwich. I have honked and swore at people for not moving at the light because they were in the way between me and a large sweet tea and waffle fries. I have gone in at 7AM, ordered 10 sandwiches, boarded a plane and 4 hours later scalped them on a street corner in New York City. Nuff said.
Quality fast food option.  Chargrilled chicken sandwich is the best bet.  What can i say, when you are on the go and need a decent, quick sandwich; chick-fila is your  go to place.   As an aside- the one thing i can't seem to figure out is the "free-for all" when ordering.  One would think that a better system of lines would be implemented rather than people congregating in an open area and sheepishly looking a one another when the server yells "next"
Could fast food get any better!?!?! Love this place Need to clean up the kiddy area though..little dirty:-(
Love Chick-Fil-A! This is a great location, and my family considers this our favorite fast food. The employees are wonderful...cheerful, helpful, courteous, etc! he food is always hot and fresh. The employees walk around to offer assistance and refills. During the school year this location offers a certain amount of proceeds to go to my son's elementary school which is fantastic! The children's play area is always clean, and they offer wipes to come and go with which is a nice plus.
I am obsessed with Chick-Fil-A!!! Especially this specific location! The food is always up to par and the staff here is probably the best/friendliest staff out of ANY food place I have ever been to. I'll usually get the chicken sandwich or the nuggets with fries but what completes my meal is the "Chick-Fil-A" sauce! Seriously, heaven in my mouth!!!!
Great  location, fast service!
Quick option for lunch. Food is always served hot and and crispy. Disclaimer - I have noticed that there are several managers on duty during lunch time.  They walk around attentively to make sure customers are happy and maintain the store. One such task is asking if customers wants a refill for their drink, to which I always decline!!! This is because I have seen, on serveral occasions, managers clearing tables or emptying full trash bins and then go straight to serving food to customers or getting refills WITHOUT WASHING THEIR HANDS! Gross.  Please have better hand hygiene.  I appreciate your efforts and commitment to customer service,  but please remember to wash your hands after cleaning or handling trash.
