Loved the place. Great healthy choices at good prices. Workers where fast and friendly.
If you've been to any other Panera, you'll know what to expect - quality fare brought to you with quality service at a reasonable price. This is a 'roomy' location right off I-95 / Palm Bay Rd. I usually get the Bacon Turkey Bravo w/ a cafe salad. You can't go wrong with that. Panera is a nice cafe chain with a great selection of salads, sandwiches and pastries. Don't typecast it as just lunch though. There's some great breakfast options available as well.
I can't get enough of this place! Great atmosphere, quality service, and fresh food. I can't remember the last time I was in this location that a manager did not walk buy and ask how everything was or if they could get me anything else. Alone or with a group, I feel the attentiveness is always the same and that's hard to find at a lot of counter service restaurants.   I like to bring my laptop in on a quiet afternoon, find a corner booth, order something delicious, and get some work down. It's the prefect down time while still feeling productive. To eat: 90% of the time I order the You pick two combo with either soup and salad or soup and sandwich. I just love their tomato soup. An iced green tea to drink. And finally, when they ask if I would like a .99 cent pastry I always get a cinnamon roll for my boyfriend, as long as he isn't with me. If he is I normally get cookie to go.
This place is usually my Sunday morning hangout.  I've probably tried every bagel flavor, danish and breakfast sandwich here, so I'll go into my favorites.   The French Toast Bagel Sandwich is one of my favorites.  The bagel itself is great, so imagine it with egg, sausage and cheese!  I also go with the Power Breakfast Sandwich, although I always switch out the wheat bread for a wheat bagel. I've tried the bread bowl soup once.  It was pretty good, but a little too filling for me.  I guess I didn't have to eat the bowl, but I hate wasting food. I also love their paninis.  The nice thing here is that you don't have to get a whole panini, they do offer meals with a half panini. On my last visit I actually bought a loaf of their freshly baked bread (why not, this place is called Panera Bread, not Panera Bagel).  I loved it!  I afraid it wouldn't last long, but it lasted for an entire week.
Bacon turkey bravo is your best bet.  Panera, in general, is a bit a the pricey side for the price/quantity comparison but generally serves good food.
Love this place!!! They have the best cinnamon crunch bagels with honey walnut cream cheese. My other favorite is the half sandwich and soup....chicken salad sandwich with broccoli cheese soup. My husbands favorite is the grilled chicken cob salad. You can never go wrong with those choices in my opinion. This Panera is always clean, quick, and courteous. I have their reward card, and I receive a free pastry on my birthday. The past two years the employees have let me upgrade my pastry for the bagel at no extra charge. My only reason to not give it a 5 star is the overall price for some of the food. I believe that some of the items are a little more pricey. When my family gets it to go we spend around $25 (for the 3 of us) and that is without drinks.
Recently opened new Panera, so happy they put one here.  Went in around 4pm on a weekday so it was nearly empty, but there was plenty of parking and seating. I was greeted as soon as I walked in and my food was made quickly. All the bakery items look delicious as usual. I took my food to go.  They open at 6:30 am for breakfast, I look forward to trying some.
This is always a winner for my daughter and I. We love their Sierra Turkey sandwich and the French Onion soup. Pastries are yummy too. The staff is professional, both in demeanor and appearance. They offer consistent service and quality food. It's such a nice change from the fast-food joints, but  I have to admit I wish they had a drive-thru window. When carrying out food, I absolutely recommend calling in your order 15 minutes in advance because they get very busy during lunch hours. It's also a great place to bring your laptops or other devices because they offer comfortable seating and free Wi-fi. Make sure to sign up for their free rewards program so you can earn credits for menu items. The price is higher than other fast-food places, but if you want quality food or healthier alternatives then this is a great option.
This Panera location is like the others I have been to. Great location, great service, great food. The lines here aren't usually too bad, even during peak meal times.
Like it ...relaxing . Yummy. Everything has been pretty good there. Always ask about how fresh the Danishes are...I've gotten a few stale ones. Good service.
