Holy frickin yum. Chicken and waffles and the buffalo chicken sandwich are my favorite, and they carry my favorite mango soda. Eat this food and you will smile.
This has become a favorite spot for me and my roommate- deliciously salty fried chicken and homemade mac and cheese really hits the spot when you're having a down day, and they deliver! Pluses: the chicken is awesome. The mac and cheese is to die for. The one time they forgot to bring our biscuits, the owner delivered them himself with apologies and a free side. My fiancé says that the chicken and waffles is the best meal he's ever had (I haven't tried it yet myself). Minuses- sooooo greasy. Delicious, but greasy- seriously, have some wet wipes on hand. The biscuits are too dry and potatoes are totally bland and runny (you'd think that they had salt in the kitchen, judging from the  chicken, but the potatoes definitely have nothing on them at all). Overall, I love this place. It's a nice change from the pizza-and-Chinese rut that I tend to get stuck in when it comes to takeout in Troy, and I've never had an issue with their service. Definitely worth checking out!
The service alone gets this place 5 stars.  However the food is also very good.   Chicken and waffles are amazing.  Got the biscuit sandwich thing that was huge and covered in sausage gravy.  Also excellent.  I recommend it highly.
Make sure your thighs and breasts are actually cooked. Look near the bone. Sorry. Tried the place 3 times. Sides and drinks are delicious. Unfortunately, they just don't fully cook their large pieces of chicken. There should be nothing red, pink, or maroon colored in a fully cooked piece of chicken.  The first time I saw this happen I let it slide because mistakes can happen... but it's just unacceptable a second time around. I don't live in Troy and only tried it while I was in that area. Spending 45 minutes round trip to go back and complain just isn't worth it. Hopefully they correct this issue. Too bad I didn't take a photo as evidence.
BEST CHICKEN SPOT AROUND!! This is not only great food but it's all fresh and made to order.  This is the closest you can get to real southern cooking in the capital region. I highly recommend this any day of the week. I literally crave this once a week. Great chefs and excellent hospitality.  Try the chicken and waffles, it's an unexpectedly amazing combo. Support this place they deserve it. It's hard to find great little spots like this who really treat their customers good and consistently make delicious food.
Orders are often late but had a terrible experience that ended it for me.  Placed an order at 5:45.  Kept being told the driver is on his way.  Order never arrived so I cancelled at 8:30.  Too bad for them.  I would have been a regular customer with many people to feed.
Chicken and waffles were really good. The chicken was tender and the batter on the chicken was flavorful and crispy without being over breaded and salty. Having freshly brewed sweet tea was a nice surprise for this southern girl!
Place is great.  Come here and come often so you can try all that his place has to offer.  We've been here twice and loved everything we had.  The Mac and cheese is creamy and to die for, the boneless chicken breast is tasty and so crispy.  Roasted corn is right off the Cobb with a savory taste.  We love the old school glass bottled Pepsi imported from Mexico with all natural sugar too!
Great place.  Diners drives and dives should feature this place.  Try the boneless breast, chicken waffles, and Mac and cheese.  All delicious.  Staff is friendly and accomodating.  Came here yesterday for the first time and came back to try more of their menu with my wife.
I have to fight the urge to eat here for every Friday Night takeout. I know it's not good for me. If health were not a concern, I would be here very frequently. I started out with the chicken and waffles with real maple syrup. Never did the waffles with chicken thing before, but man, it hits the spot. A spot I never knew existed previously. Sweet, salty, crunchy... It might as well be snack food.  Since then, we've moved on to the hard stuff... the family combo. Just a whole bunch of fried chicken with a few sides and delicious buttery biscuits.  The family combo makes two dinners and two lunches the next day.  Reheat it in a pan covered with foil and a little water to keep it moist and it's as good as new. The sides are fine, but I don't come here for the sides...
Been meaning to go here for a long time, finally did. On a real note, best fried chicken I have ever had. Was so shocked. The corn bread and macaroni and cheese was to die for. It was only $9 Girl at the counter was hot also.
This fried chicken is good. Too good. So good I'm craving it at the weirdest times... like all the time. This is better-than-authentic Southern food. Just don't tell my Southern family I said that. The fried chicken is both crisp and decadently greasy. The plain chicken thighs are utterly divine, but other favorites include the famous chicken on a waffle (which everybody I know who has tried tentatively has ended up adoring), the buffalo wings (some of the best in Troy since the tragic decline of Brown's wings), and the chicken bites, although they can run dry at times, they're a great snack if you're not craving a bigger meal. Oh, and the fried pickles. Oh my god, the fried pickles. The biggest downside is that the wait for food is somewhat slow, but while you wait, there's always pinball, some other arcade game (I really like pinball so I don't pay attention to this), and a variety of interesting chicken sculptures to look at.
Food for a good night: 1. Buff Chick Sandwich 2. Jalapeño Poppers 3. Fried Pickles + remoulade
First visit today... I'll be back. I had the dark meat combo with cole slaw on the side, because I love cole slaw. It was mayo-dressed, generous but nothing special. The chicken on the other hand was outstanding... no complaints at all. And I loved the biscuit; was going to ask for a pat of butter but discovered fatty goodness permeates this light and fluffy pillow. As a southerner, I think it is funny all the discussion about how the "chef" left and that changes things. Fried chicken is hard to do right but, once you have the formula, it's hard to mess up and these guys nail it. Reading the earlier reviews, looks like the menu is about the same as when they opened. Definitely going to go for the waffles next time. I was in around noon and was the only customer... weird. Give Flying Chicken some love to make sure they stay around. P.S. One thing, they fry the chicken to order so it might take a while. If you're in any kind of a hurry, I suggest you call ahead.
I got the Thigh and Drumstick combo that came with a side and a biscuit.  For my side i got the mac and cheese. Pretty big portion and your typical taste. I always prefer Dark meat when I get fried chicken. The crust was awesome and didn't get soggy on the 15 minute ride home. However, the meat was overly wet and I really did not dig the texture at all. Some would find this great because sometimes the meat could get dry, but it's a whole texture thing with me and I found it gross. The biscuit was really good. I normally am not a fan but I loved the hint of pepper, and it wasn't overly dry, just the right amount of dryness. Still giving this place 4 stars because of the crust. Definitely filling and reasonable prices. Oh and thumbs up to using paper to-go boxes!
Dang! Huge portions, right off the bat.  Friendly staff, & great vibe b/c the patrons are all stoked to get their delicious grub on. I came for the chicken & waffles.  The Fathead could feed me for a whole week (biscuits & sausage gravy w/fried chicken & bacon)! Nice, clean interior with floor to ceiling windows so you can Enjoy Troy if you want.   Great music, & pinball!  Their 2nd pinball machine is on the way. Lots of local art festoons the walls.   They have live music too.   My chicken was dry, so the guy made me up another whole chicken & waffles plate no problem.   I haven't tried everything, but i'm on my way. Did I mention PINBALL?
Home made FRESH jalapeño poppers with cheese and chorizo. OMG amazing. Spicy but not over the top hot. Made with fresh everything. So good. Not on their regular menu.  ****Hey Flying Chicken- you need to update your menu with all of your "secret" goodies**** the grilled chicken Chimichurri sandwich is also amazing but people looking you up online don't know that you have a ton of other items in addition to your regular menu :-)
Awesome fresh food and salads everything made to order and worth the wait . loved the grilled chicken and the sweet potato salad fantastic and I will be back!
fantastic place for some REAL soul food. I have been there many times in the past few months: 1 - try the sweet potato salad - genius 2 - chicken & waffles - chicken is tender and the waffles are always HOT (try the real maple syrup) 3 - mac n cheese is very simple, but very good! The nuggets sold here seriously put shame to those fast food joints, calling what they serve nuggets? Try the sauces as well - they are all above average. highly recommended...!
Best part of a roadtrip?  Stoppin' to see friends in their new city and new home!   The drive to Albany from Boston is only 3 hours, but it just seemed like it was never going to end.  Seriously, there was so much road ahead of us.  (The east coast, however, is so much more scenic than the midwest, so it kept things interesting!)  By the time we met up with our friends (and their beloved dog), it was already close to dinner time.  Admittedly, I was starving. Ruth H. mentioned heading to dinner at The Flying Chicken and I was immediately intrigued by the name.  Not only had she mentioned going to dinner her two days prior to our arrival, but I could tell she was really excited to indulge in some great comfort food.   There were tons of items on the menu (chicken and waffles, country fried steak, biscuits and gravy, um, strawberry shortcake?!, etc.), but I just kept it simple with two piece dark meat fried chicken and collard greens.  The portions are large, so you can probably bank on bringing food home.  Chicken was juicy, flavorful...good, crispy skin.  The collard greens were a great complement!  I got to sample the mac 'n' cheese and that was really delish.  The meal also came with a wonderfully, fluffy biscuit...yum.  I left so.completely.stuffed.  Comfort food at its finest.. Great prices for great food!  There's a ton of seating and lots of local art on the walls. Awesome place for a catching up dinner with friends! Oh, and the bf deserves some braggin' rights as he clued us into a 4sq check-in special of a free side.  So proud of him.
Amazingly good chicken & homemade biscuits & sausage gravy.  Many specials and regular menu items to choose from. One tip.  The earlier you get in, the better the chicken.  Not sure why but both lunch/afternoon dining experiences were by far the tastier food.  Both after-dinner visits were a disappointment.  Interesting enough, this view is shared by others that I have spoken with.  Maybe the night-staff just isn't as skilled with the fryer??? All of the sides are awesome.  Baked beans, smokey and just comfort food delicious. The chicken and home-made biscuits and that incredible sausage gravy... (sighs)  Just too hard to describe the food nirvana. Both lunch and dinner portions yield enough left-overs for another meal.  If you are a sausage gravy fan.... I suggest getting an extra side ($1), well worth the expense. The desserts are also a hit.  They must be made fresh either in-house or locally, they did not come across as store bought.  The strawberry-cheese cake... there are no words. Wife was so impressed with the food and the cost that she brought the kids back for dinner the same night.  Seeing as it's a 35min ride from the house, that's saying something.
Despite Yelp's claims to the contrary, The Flying Chicken is doing delivery, and they're also now offering chicken-fried steak, which I very much enjoy---order by the piece (two pieces is most-likely sufficient for even the hungriest patrons) with some sausage gravy for a very good value. The fried chicken is still very good---I recommend the drumsticks (three works for me) with a side of waffle and the real maple syrup. Drumstick is the pinnacle of chicken perfection, so I prefer ordering this way to the default chicken & waffles, which comes with chicken breast, instead.
The Fried chicken breasts on a waffle with real maple syrup was awesome! I Played some pinball while they cooked my order, and I admired the art for sale on the walls. Great service, great price ( dinner for less than $10!) and the again, it was delicious!
A friend recommended I try this place and I'm very happy I did! Everything about this place is excellent: customer service (even their delivery people are extremely friendly), ease of ordering online, company culture, and above all the food is absolutely delicious, so far I have tried the chicken nuggets, French fries, popcorn chicken,  and a quesadilla. Everything was great. Try this place. You will be happy you did!
Ok so my girlfriend says "hey there's a fried chicken spot around the corner" In my head I'm thinking a Chicken Seafood Gyro type a joint. We get there and I'm pleasantly surprised by this hip little chicken spot with a blackboard menu.  Super cute place, good seating, into it. Now I think I'm gonna get some fried chicken and waffles but then I see my calling. "The Feast", chicken fries steak with a giant biscuit and egg over easy. OH YEAH. after a slightly longer than normal wait (food is made to order, be warned). This plate arrives in front of me. I try the biscuit. Moist, peppery, savory, PERFECT. This biscuit was on some next level stuff. Unreal. Then I cut into my steak with the over easy egg running through the gravy and giving me that perfect bite. HARMONY. Killing it. The gravy. The batter. The biscuit. The egg. All cook to perfection. MAGICAL. I can't get over it. Also ordered the fried pickles, killer batter on the pickles and using bread and butter pickles is a nice change up of a classic dish. Go to the flying chicken. I plan on going back. And keep going. A diamond in the rough for sure.
Good, satisfying comfort food. Greasy. I didn't like the atmosphere in the place, but good for take out.
Several weeks ago the local tabloid that passes itself off as a newspaper reported that the chef left to pursue other interests. Fortunately they are hanging on in the kitchen without him as the chicken nuggets and sweet tater salad were still really good. Gluten Free Chicken "nuggets"--nuff said. The counter staff is clueless and need a little training but hell if the food stays good I will remain a customer.
I've been reading mostly great reviews for this place but also seeing numerous comments about inconsistency, so we entered on a Friday night with an open mind. I ordered the Fried Combo ($7), 2 pieces with a side and biscuit.  Instead of a thigh & drumstick, I chose the breast & wing.  I was quickly informed that they were out of the bone-in breast but would be willing to give me a boneless breast.  My wife suggested that the breast would probably be drier without the bone, but I said let's go for it. My wife chose a sandwich special, Grilled Chicken Chimichurri ($5) - with avocado mayo, red onion, and arugula and a side order of Hoppin' John.  They don't have an alcohol license so we ordered a couple of Day's canned sodas - a watermelon and a ginger ale. It turned out that I did get served a chicken breast with bone along with a wing.  The chicken was fully cooked and still juicy.  The breading was think, crunchy and tasty.  There was one very small bit of breading that got hidden within a tuck, deep between some meat, so it never received the benefit of the fryer.  Overall though, the chicken was really good.  I never did receive a biscuit, but the side of fries were overwhelming.  Unfortunately they turned cold very quickly and were neither enjoyable or worth finishing at that point. My wife said her chicken was properly cooked and the flavors of the sandwich all blended well, but it was nothing outstanding.  Similarly, the hoppin' john was nothing special, it was a little bland. Service was friendly and knowledgeable. Before I forget, they have a decent pinball machine.  Be sure to push the start button REALLY hard to get it started.
This was my first time ever having chicken and waffles and I didn't know what to expect but WOW, I'm a fan. The Flying Chicken's version comes with two crispy chicken breasts atop of a waffle. I ordered the "real" maple syrup to pour over my chicken and waffle. It was delicious! The chicken was crispy and juicy. You can taste the bit of salt and pepper seasoning right at the end of your bite. Really, it didn't need any additional dressing or sauce. The waffle was fluffly and crispy along the edges. I have never had maple syrup that GOOD before. The sweetness of it was amazing! The fathead is also a bite of heaven. It's sausage with bacon sandwiched between a biscuit and sausage gravy. Normally, I'm sure others have come across this, gravy and biscuits can get really heavy. You can feel it slide down through your arteries but the Flying Chicken's version is just delicious. The gravy isn't at all that heavy. The biscuit is fluffy and not dry. Great taste. The bacon still remains crispy throughout the meal. Love it here! Can't wait to come back and make room for more chicken and try the sides. Collard greens? Mac n' Cheese? I'm there!
Food is mostly good, service was terrible. We have been several times, and they know how to do chicken. This time, I called in an order of several items to go, including their chicken with waffle, and they forgot the waffle. How do you forget the freaking waffle? Immediately called when I returned to my home and discovered the missing waffle. It was not however worth the 20+ minute round trip to return (which would have left my remaining food cold). The young person (college age?) who answered my call apologized, but did not ask me how I thought they could resolve this issue, and immediately put down the phone to get the manager. After a couple minutes he returned to the phone and said the manager was out. I agreed that I would like the manager to contact me when he returned to the restaurant. 4 hours later and they are now closed. I never received a call back. I can accept forgetting a side, or dipping sauce, but half of their signature dish? How does that happen? There was no one in the restaurant when I arrived, and it looked like only one other to go order was being packed up along with ours. I waited a few minutes for the order to be ready and made a point of saying that there was no rush. To the flying chicken and any other shop that does a lot of to-go business. If you can't get the order right, it doesn't matter how good the food is, I'm not coming back. Especially if you never follow though to make up for the error.
After a friend sent me an online review on The Flying Chicken, my husband and I decided to try it out. Boy, I'm glad that we did! We each got the chicken and waffles (a combination that neither of us had ever tried). We also got an order of hush puppies, mac 'n cheese and a biscuit. Where to begin? We live nearby, so got the food to go. The biscuit came out as soon as we got in the car. It was different than most biscuits that I've had before, but in a good way. There was a strong black pepper flavor (not too strong - just right) and definitely buttery. While it was soft and moist on the inside, it was nice and crispy on the outside. Yum!! The hush puppies (my husband's choice) were quite good and very flavorful. Also somewhat heavy (as hush puppies are wont to be), but worth it! The chicken was boneless and freaking AMAZING! It was not greasy at all, but the flavor (again quite peppery) was great. It was everything I look for in fried chicken and then some. The waffles were sweet, light and surprisingly tasty with the chicken. I got three of the food groups - sweet, savory and crunchy. The only thing that was less than spectacular was the mac 'n cheese. Don't get me wrong - it was good, but not flavorful enough to rate as high as all the other things we tried. The restaurant itself is clean, well-lit and has some great chicken themed art on the walls. I HIGHLY recommend checking out this new Troy dining experience. I look forward to going back and trying some other of the yummies on the menu.
So I have to admit I was pretty nervous to try the Flying Chicken, especially after I heard their chef left, but I am happy to report I have been a number of times since and it's always delicious!  It is located not the best part of Troy and you do have to find parking on the street, but every time I've been I haven't had a problem.  They also do takeout if you don't want to sit there.   It is super clean inside and has ample seating.  I have to agree with Colleen that the staff at the counter is quiet clueless but since the food is good I'll let it slide.  You go to the counter and order from the menu which is written on a chalkboard with some other things listed on little slips of paper on the counter.  I kind of wish they had written menus to take with but I looked and it doesn't seem that they do.  They obviously have a lot of fried chicken on the menu--drumsticks, breasts, thighs, nuggets (what I usually get), as well as chicken wings, tacos, soup, some sandwiches, chicken and waffles, a variety of sides as well as fried mac and cheese, fried pickles, jalapeno poppers, grit balls, and a few other things I'm sure I'm forgetting.  Once you order you just take a seat and the person at the counter delivers it. I always get the chicken nuggets which are wayyyyy better than your typical chicken nugget.  They are chunks of white meat.  My dining companions always get the fried chicken and they always seem to like it.  It is never greasy and is fried to perfection with good spices.  The sides are pretty good too.   The prices are definitely really good for the quality.  The only negative is that it's pretty damn slow.  Every time I have gone I have had to wait a while to get my food, even when it wasn't crowded and during an off time.  I wish it was a little faster.   If you are looking for good chicken at a good price, look no further!  Head over to the flying chicken and you'll be happy!
We stopped in for a very enjoyable lunch on Saturday. The experience started with a very bright well lit dining room and service counter, a very pleasant gent behind the counter, continued with artwork (for sale) on the walls, blues music playing over the sound system (not too loud, thank you), and was highlighted by some great Southern food. The menu options are written on a big chalkboard, or you can pick up a paper menu, you order and pay at the counter, and your food is brought out to you. We started with an order of fried pickles ($4.50), something that seems to be working its way onto a menu near you more and more. These were really good, nicely cooked with a crunchy batter and served with a side of remoulade sauce. Fried chicken and sides are the stars here, with nothing else available except two salads. You can order your chicken by the combo plate (with 2 sides), by the piece, as a special, or in a salad. Breasts, wings, thighs, drumsticks, or nuggets are sold. The specials looked great- chicken "N Waffles, chicken with biscuits and gravy, or on a "Humongous" biscuit served with bacon and sausage gravy... The sides are amazing. Rice 'n beans, mac and cheese, baked beans, collard greens, cole slaw, Hoppin' John, and sweet potato salad. Sides are sold in 3 sizes $2.50, $4.75, and $9. We enjoyed fried chicken, mac and cheese, sweet potato salad, a Cajun Caesar with chicken, and I tried Hoppin John, because I had heard of it but never tried it. It's a mix of of black-eyed peas, rice, chopped onion and either ham or thick bacon cubes, I wan't sure. Stellar! Everyone loved their food.  The real winner was the sweet potato salad. I was trying to remember if I had ever had a cold dish with sweet potatoes and I was coming up blank. This was fabulous. All the delicious comfort of potato salad with the signature taste of sweet potatos. It was really great. My Cajun Caesar, served with biscuit croutons, was very good, but I should have asked for the dressing on the side, because it was really drenched. The sliced chicken breast on top was excellent- perfectly cooked with a crisp on the outside and moist deliciousness on the inside.. You can really pig out here for between $10 and $15. They have only been open since July. They are already a big hit with the college crowd, and if I lived here, I'd be in on a regular basis.
So I wanted to go eat some Cuban food but I miss read the hours. So the gentleman redirects me to the flying chicken and says its the best chicken this side of the mason Dixson line. Wow it better be good right? Well yes sir it was phenomenal.  Lets start with the sweet potato salad. Can I just say OMG!!!! It was fresh and well seasoned. I want to go back for just that, but I'm not done. The chicken was moist and the crust was crisp and well seasoned. U could just smell the seasoning coming from the chicken. Last but def not least was the customer service. Thomas was great and helpful and the rest of the guys were very well mannered. Please come down south and show them what they are missing.
All I can say about this fantastic, artery clogging goodness that i am completely in love with their fried chicken (you Can get it on fresh biscuit with sausage gravy and bacon). Fried pickles and grit fritters are awesome, too.
Awesome college food.  My favorite is the fathead with a heart-attack.  I can never finish it in one go, but its always gone by the end of the night.  The food is great for the price, but I can't quite bring myself to give it 5/5 and I'm not sure why.
Ordered the Chicken n Waffles. The chicken was amazing! It was boneless which made cutting/eating it with the waffles easy. The waffles part was OK; it seemed under cooked and tasted somewhat funny but not entirely bad. The only problems I had was that the service was alittle weird, you had to go up and order but no one mentioned this to us at first. And it being my first time I felt sort of awkward not being introduced to this method but now I know. Troy is sketchy and the people that walked in were too but overall the food was good and I liked eating there and would totally go again!
Had lunch here last week ... so good.  Must have missed the lunch hour rush as it was dead when i arrived, which is good since it made the wait shorter.  Bird was hot and fresh and coleslaw was good.  Highly recommend this place.
Back on top! After my last review, one of the owners messaged me to let me know they had corrected the salt problem. Its nice to see people that actually care about their business and can take constructive criticism. Tonight I tried a item that was new to the menu. Fresh cut potato chips. They were deliciously crispy and warm. I highly recommend. I also got an order of wings, and sampled some of the mac & cheese, and fresh cut chicken nuggets. The wings were decent and are served with carrots, celery and a side of homemade bleu cheese. The mac and cheese was creamy and mild. And the nuggets were big hunks of breast meat, battered on the outside and  juicy on the inside. We got a side of their hot BBQ to dip them in and were surprised just how spicy it was. But in a good way. They have a larger selection of Day's sodas now and some nice artwork that is also for sale on the walls. Its nice to watch this place come along and find its identity. I can't wait to see what specials they come up with next.
Mike said it before me but I just got done eating some takeout from here and I can't help but concur... MOVE OVER HATTIES, HOLY SHICKEN THIS FOOD IS AMAZING! The chicken was super juicy and the breading was top notch seasoned perfection.  Our previous favorite chicken spot is known well beyond the region for their fried chicken but I've always been put off by having to order a whole side of a chicken - This place delivers with ridiculously tasty fried chicken that comes in whatever configuration you want... for pennies!!! i'm in love
I have had some good fried chicken, you see, my mother-in-law, she's in Memphis, where fried chicken comes right next to religion. This place is as holy experience. We loved the chicken, had Mac n cheese and greens. They all had the yum factor. I really enjoyed the biscuit with bacon wrapped fried chicken breast smothered in love aka sausage gravy.  Don't over think it...... Go!
The food-availability and taste-is so inconsistant here that I have decided to boycott the establishment..tried to have some food delivered for my family and they were out of chicken breasts (???) Are you kidding me? A chicken joint out of the MOST POPULAR CUT?? Wow. Problem is, this was not the first time. A word to the owner. Never, ever, ever, run out of ANYTHING on your menu. You will loose customers.
This is the NEW SPOT!!!!!!!! Disclaimer: I am not from the Albany/Troy area, I'm a  C I T Y    G Y A L lol.... On that note; my friends and I were hungry and roaming the area and we saw the "The Flying Chicken" sign. We decided to get some 'good home cooked food' being that we are college students. I had the friend chicken and hopping john with le biscuit. my chicken was mawwwwwd good lol * Jamaican accent* - enough crisp, succulence and flavor. I wasn't a fan of the hopping john, need more seasoning to it. They biscuit was good! Another thing.... PLEASE provide corn bread!!!!!! what soul food restaraunt has no corn bread? huh? LOL Overall, I like this place, the food is good, the service is very welcoming! I'll be flying back for some chicken ;) P.S: Not a fan of the music that is played
I'm not one who easily throws out five stars.  And I'm not about to say that my lunch at The Flying Chicken was perfect.  But here we are, a few days later, and I still can't get the thought of the chicken and waffles at The Flying Chicken out of my head.   The chicken and waffles comes with a plump waffle and two boneless, fried chicken breasts.  I also got a generous side of real maple syrup for a dollar extra, bringing the total for the meal to a grand $8.  It's always a risk getting boneless white meat at a fried chicken place; will it be as juicy as the dark meat?   The Flying Chicken got it spot-on.  The chicken was moist and succulent on the inside.  The breading was crispy, drained properly, and filled with salt, pepper, and other spices that gave it a good kick.  K had a couple pieces of dark meat, and those were also done just right.  (I also wanted to steal her whole biscuit--there was something delectable, a touch of cheese, maybe, about it.) I don't know how much one can say about a waffle, but this one deserves to be talked about.  Firm on the outside, and so fluffy and almost creamy inside.  It was excellent on its own with the maple syrup, but when you ate all three things in tandem, every bite was luxurious--sweet and rich and salty, crispy and fluffy all at the same time. Now, I will say that K's collard greens didn't stack up to others I've had in the past.  They're made without meat, and so they were missing some richness and smokiness.  That could work, but I think the tang from the vinegar would need to be increased.  And the kitchen-sink cookie, while very enticing with marshmallow and pieces of bacon involved, didn't taste all that fresh. No matter.  I'm still floating on their waffle while daydreaming about the fried chicken, so it's pretty much all happy thoughts over here.
This place can be good but is definitely inconsistent. The first time I went there was great; everything felt and tasted fresh. The second time was the complete opposite; the mac and cheese and the biscuit had the "dry" feeling of having been left out too long, and the chicken wasn't nearly as tender. This last time was somewhere in the middle; better than the second time, but not as good as that first time. I think the biggest problem is simply the very odd hours which feel like they're constantly changing (I think 3 times in the past three months). Unlike some other local places which are consistently open late night, Flying Chicken has compartmentalized their hours to follow the crowds. This might make sense from a business perspective, but it impacts other areas. The second time that I went was around 9pm (thinking it would be open til midnight based on menu I had taken the first time). This ended up being close to closing, and ended up being what felt like leftovers from earlier in the day. The third time was also around 9pm but it happened to be on a Thursday (when their hours apparently jump to midnight). That first time was around 9pm again, but on a Friday night. Perhaps I'm being a bit unreasonable (why not just go their earlier?) but if they want to cater to the night crowd, they have to offer some consistency. The process we make in deciding whether or not to go here shouldn't be: 1) What time is it? 2) What day of the week is it? 3) Check online to see if hours have changed. 4) Is it close to closing? 5) is Flying Chicken on list of places to go? The process should be: It's after 10, Flying Chicken tonight? Anyways, enough rambling about the inconsistency. The chicken itself is nice and simple (fried chicken with a salt seasoning - nothing more, nothing less). The biscuits are amazing, was not expecting them to be as well seasoned as they were. The sides feel just a little bit small compared to how big the chicken is but you still get quite a lot of food. Their chicken wings are good too (we got honey bbq) although I don't think there's a "meal" option for them with sides/biscuit (we just got some to share).
I've been in 4 times now and enjoyed the food each time.   First and second visits the food was good, but not exceptional. The third visit, I ordered chicken and waffles and the kitchen apparently lost my order. We waited for about an hour as I watched 4 other groups get their food. I hadn't said anything, but was 2 minutes from telling the nice kid behind the counter to just forget, it when our food arrived.  Chicken and waffles was quite good.  And they comped our meal without any prompting or complaining from us. I was blown away. I've only heard tales of restaurants actually doing that.  I knew I would absolutely give them another chance. So last night I got a Fathead Chicken Biscuit to go. A cholesterol bomb if ever there was one - giant (griddled) biscuit, boneless friend chicken, and bacon smothered in their sausage gravy.  You do not pick this sandwich up, definitely fork and knife territory. It was delicious!  I only got about a third of the way through it (it's huge) and am now eating the leftovers for breakfast.  I've looked forward to them all night.  Even as leftovers - definitely their best work to date. The place is very clean and the staff is super nice.   Looking forward to my next visit!
Best fried chicken I have ever had, and with a boyfriend who's obsessed with chicken wings, I've tried quite a few places. I either order Chicken and Waffles with the real maple syrup, or their chicken nuggets and a small order of mac and cheese. Both incredibly delicious, both will make you feel warm and fuzzy inside. And if you haven't tried Chicken and Waffles yet, I definitely recommend it. It's not a sweet breakfast waffle. They make a more savory belgian style waffle, put two (pretty large) fried chicken breasts on top, and you have the choice between pancake syrup, or real maple syrup for an up-charge. It's worth the up-charge. Definitely not for the dieting type. It's one of those places I reserve for when I'm feeling like I need something to make me feel better. Or when I'm fed up with all of the other chicken places around here and need something that actually took some culinary talent to make. The atmosphere is great too. It's not a sit down, formal restaurant. Counter service to order and 95% of the time, they'll bring your order to you when it's done. Plenty of seating. The owner is adorable and incredibly nice, and goes out of his way to say hello. The kitchen staff and counter staff are usually pretty down to earth and welcome any jokes you have. They always have some new concoction you can try advertised at the counter, so I always wait to see what's there before I order. They also use GrubHub, so that's helpful too.
There are a lot of great things about this place: the food, the drink selection, the pinball machines. Why am I giving it three stars? Because of the wait - it should not take 20 min to get a simple sandwich at lunchtime. And then they forgot my soda, and didn't give me any napkins.
Food is amazing. Just like a home cooked meal. Prices are reasonable. Mac and cheese is creamy chicken is crispy and seasoned well.
Great food to go or to dine in. Can't wait to try everything on the menu. Really good collard greens. Hard to find in upstate NY!
My husband and I decided to try if for lunch.  He ordered the chicken on waffle with real maple syrup.  I ordered Mac/Cheese.  We ordered collard greens, fried pickles and bean/rice for a couple of side dishes to try.  We both were very happy with our food.  You walk into a very bright room (front window are floor to ceiling high) , open seating - plenty of it!  You order at the front counter and then go sit and they bring the food to you.  The portions were generous - and very tasty.  My husband would like to go back to try a few of the other items on the menu.  I'll agree - it's worth going back to.  Our lunch together was around $23.00  -  Cooks know what they are doing - thanks for opening The Flying Chicken!
How great is it to be able to get decent southern Comfort food in downtown Troy? Well, this here fried chicken lover is one happy girl! Especially when I ask for a side of honey and they don't charge extra for it  -and it is generous amount of delicous deep golden honey.. Add to that low prices, very yummy mac n' cheese and spicy sweet potato salad...Yeah. Young owner Ian is very friendly and accommodating. I hope they get their beer license soon. My husband had a delicious grilled chicken sandwich with an avocado mayo and greens and loved it. I usually complain about over salted food - but it was fine here other than one salty bite on the chicken - but oh, that wonderful crispy, crunchy coating! If I had one suggestion, it would be to  cut down on the amount of onion in the sweet pot. salad because it is a bit overwhelming with the delicate taste of the potato. We look forward to trying other sides here and some catfish....and chicken with waffles when I am REALLY hungry. Feathers off to Flying chicken!
Amazing fried chicken-- even I'm not a fan of fried chicken this whole time, this place definitely offers the best freshly cooked stuff. Waffle with the syrup was yum, and so was the sweet potato fries. I would say their biscuit was a little disappointing. The restaurant was actually quite spacious and clean and somewhat artsy, contrary to my expectation. Love! Def gna come back again.
This southern boy approves! Hand-breaded chicken fried steak, good sausage gravy, good biscuit and the mac and cheese was pretty good too. There was seasoning in the breading--such a nice touch that I don't find many places around here (looking at you, Ted's Fish Fry...). I overheard the guy at the front counter telling a customer that all of their sauces are homemade (she was raving about the ranch and asked him). Friendly service and a nice atmosphere, I'll be back.
The best fried chicken. The Mac and cheese is amazing! Homemade mouthwatering biscuits. What more can you ask for? This place has it all. Don't even get me started on the homemade cookies and hand squeezed lemonade. YUM!
Had lunch here a week or so ago. The food & service were really good. Loved the collard greens & mac n cheese. Big portions too!! I'm not a big chicken lover but I ate theirs. Friendly waitress too. She was a real sweetheart
We ate here last night and really enjoyed it. The chicken nuggets were hot, crisp, well seasoned and delicious. We also got the biscuits and gravy, which was great! First time I've gotten it at a restaurant and the gravy hasn't been a gluey bland mess. Theirs was delicious - a little greasy, but when you're getting biscuits and gravy, it should be - and the biscuit was huge and homemade. The special sandwich they had going with chicken, bacon, and gravy on a biscuit sounds amazing - deadly, but probably worth it. One small quibble was that the fries clearly had been frozen - homemade fries are so easy and add so much to a meal, I hate to see a restaurant with clearly so much potential rely on frozen fries. Still, even so they were hot, crispy, and good for what they were. We live around the corner and will definitely be back. I'm pretty excited to try their fried pickles and fried zucchini.
I was hoping that the sandwich would be worth the 30 minute wait but I was wrong. :( and they ran out of mac & cheese balls.. pretty disappointing.
For biscuit and gravy I don't think it is so up to my expectation... But boneless chicken breast was so great and I can eat it all day. Waffle is tasty too!
"Flying Low: A Chicken Story" by Josh K. Once upon a Friday night in Troy, three friends wanted some Chicken and Waffles... The Story begins: A few of us came in around midnight (they are open till 2:30am) to get some late night grub from this newly reputable Troy fried chicken joint. The Story Almost Ends: Out of chicken breasts, out of biscuits, out of waffles,.  And they still had a few more hours to go before closing.  We almost left and went to the Brown Bag.  But the girl at the counter assured us that the fried chicken (the dark meat especially) was really good. The Story Continues: We ordered a 10 piece chicken nugget (6.50), fried leg and thigh (7.50), macaroni and cheese, and the fried grits/ hush puppy thing. The Story Gets Boring: Food is made to order (well only the fried chicken it seems) so the wait time for the chicken was long, all the other stuff came out almost immediately.  The restaurant was empty except for my group of 3, the girl at the counter, and a cook in the back. The Story Reaches its Climax: Yummy nuggets, yummy breading on the fried chicken, less than stellar dipping sauces, and underwhelming sides (mac and cheese especially) The Story Reaches its Resolution: It's good, but I think there was too high of expectations coming in.  I think I rather go to Popeye's and save the money and time. The end.
The chicken, its fried well. Its tasty, and I know my yardbird lol! The sides need some help, especially those greens. Yet, the sweet potato salad, the mac & cheese, and the biscuits are very good. For a "newly" opened joint, consistency is the key and they have it. Great operation down there. The dudes there are pretty cool as well. If anything, try the nuggets, they'll bring you back again. They seasoned and fried breast chunks, none of that pressed crap like everywhere else. I'm definitely thinking this place has a very bright future in the city of Troy
The chicken has the potential to be the best around, IF it weren't so salty.  Actually, all of the food is too salty.   The sides, with the exception of the fried zucchini , are underwhelming but the sweet tea is very good. Waffles are soft, unexceptional, and surprise, salty.   Some folks have mentioned that the service is slow, but each order is cooked to order, so a short wait is worth it. Who wants fried chicken that's been reheated?  The  place is clean and does not smell of frying, not an easy feat given the menu.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Now, if they could only get the salt under control.
The first time I went here when the opened, the food was soso. But I just went back and since then they've really stepped their game up. I had the flathead and it was amazing. Huge piece of boneless fried chicken, perfect bacon, fried egg, cheese, on a gigantic delicious biscuit, with a side of sausage gravy. Wow. It was great. The portion was huge. I'm a big guy and I couldn't finish it. The side of Mac and Cheese was amazing even though I barely touched it thanks to the sandwich. The staff is friendly and the music in there was great. Overall I'm very very pleased. I would recommend this to anyone in it around Troy. And if you're not around, I'd make the trip anyway.
Went tonite. A horrible meal and experience. Place was almost empty. I ordered chicken, breast and a thigh with coleslaw and a side of the fried grit fritters. the fritters were crispy and hot. nice. but but but the main course arrived. two pieces of chicken, very light in color. and that would explain the obviously raw chicken. bloody, raw meat, not even close to be done. how could you let that go from the kitchen and if you fry chicken a lot you should be able to tell by the color. if you cant use a meat thermometer so you dont kill your customers. the coleslaw was obviously homemade and completely and totally tasteless, except for a hint of bitterness. tasteless.   they tdid take the chicken back the chicken,  returned my money and gave me a free meal coupon and replace the chicken i ordered. the 2nd attempt at chicken was also cooked more but still bloody on the thigh bone and raw raw meat in the breast. i gave up at that point. total totally disappointing.  and companion had the collar greens. tasteless except for a slight hint of vinegar. they are good prices, but i can do better in my kitchen or diner than fight for parking in downtown troy.
Went there today after reading Steve Barnes review, and was glad I did. It was the best fried chicken I've ever eaten... Better than Hattie's.  I loved the seasoning and it was so perfectly crispy. The place is clean and bright, and the staff are very friendly.  I don't eat fried chicken too often, but when a craving strikes, I'm definitely going here.
Third time here and was very disappointed. New cook perhaps? Our chicken was undercooked, bloody in the center and slightly greasy. Mac n cheese was good. Mashed potatoes were watery. Don't know whether quality has slipped for good or whether this was a bad night.
After driving by this place a couple of times I decided to try this place. I am glad that I did, the food is fresh, delicious and excellent. The coleslaw and the mac and cheese were flavorful, the fries were just perfect.The nuggets should be renamed to bits of heaven, just amazing, reminds me of the tikka-fried chicken I used to have. Their buffalo chicken sandwich is just amazing. Deducting one star due to the fried chicken, the chicken is juicy but the three times I have tried it feels greasy and cheap, like its been cooked and then refried. Was expecting more considering its their main dish. Update: The consistency in this place is crazy, within a span of 2 days their nuggets went from chunks of goodness to crappy fried boneless chicken. I wish they kept the dishes constant.
Really good chicken wings. I can't say anything about the chicken haven't tried it yet but I'm going to eventually.
Incredible gourmet fried chicken; best I've ever had.
It's great to see a quality place in Troy with delicious food and fantastic prices. It's very college-friendly and the people there are really nice. And the food...awesome!!!
The cajun chicken ceasar salad is amazing!
I'd actually give them 4 1/2 stars. The chicken is as good as Hattie's and not as pricey. The first time i went to Flying Chicken, I thought it was too salty too. The 2nd time, I asked them to go easy on salt, and they did. Collard greens are excellent, and the biscuit was very good. $7 for 2 pieces of chicken, a side and biscuit- plenty filling! Delicious!
Went for the first time tonight. Chicken was juicy and worth the wait. The mashed potatoes were uninspired as was the gravy that accompanied them, and the biscuit was bland and tasted like shortening . I'd go back for chicken, but would skip the sides ...
I went there with a friend for lunch. I had the chicken nuggets with Mac & Cheese, he had the biscuits and gravy and fried Mac & Cheese. Everything was AWESOME! The nuggets were the best i'd ever tasted. The service was good, the food was excellent and its really well priced. Best in the area.
Stopped in on Sunday for Chicken and waffles, first off the staff was way cool. The guy behind the counter really wanted everything to be good and answered all of my questions about the menu completely.   The Chicken and waffles was why I walked in the door how do you go wrong on a rainy Sunday. I ordered and then went to a table with my paper to wait impatiently. Oddly they do not have coffee so I settled for water with brunch. When the counter person brought over the plate I my first thought was wow that is a lot of food. This was a very untraditional take on Chicken and waffles the chicken was boneless!  This makes it much easier to eat! My first fork full with the real maple syrup ($1 extra) was outstanding the waffle was good but the chicken was the star perfectly cooked juicy with just enough spice to say nice! I wish the waffle was crisper to hold up better under the chicken and syrup by the end the waffle was a little soggy  but a small price to pay for such a good plate. Very nice worth a trip! Lots of tables clean and friendly!
The chef left and now this place stinks. They were making really great food and got great reviews, and now there is no one in the kitchen who even remotely knows food, and it shows. Read other reviews about inconsistency. If you happen to get a decent meal here now, you're lucky.
this is the first 5 star review i have written. i may be writing another after my next visit to the flying chicken. which might be next week--if i can wait that long. had the collards, biscuits, and a thigh. i couldn't talk while we ate. who are these guys? the biscuit was dense and rich--the perfect companion to the spicy and vinegary collards, which are vegetarian--a welcome alternative to greens which are too often packed with meat. (although should they decide to offer a version for carnivores, i'd be sure to try it.) the chicken was perfect fried chicken--crispy dark and juicy without being overly greasy. to pass the time needed to have our order freshly prepared, we played monster bash pinball. the machine's a little sluggish, but at one point i had 4 balls in play simultaneously; there's one bonus after another to be had--which sums up our first--but not last--experience at this jackpot spot.
