Every time is the best EVER!! Sundays are my favorite time to go and yesterday our waitress was Rhonda. Most places just come up to table and if you try to order they say "Your waitress will take it , I am just getting you something to drink " Here, I am able to get a drink & order at the same time and you can tell Rhonda likes her job. Tried the other LD's:( but the waitstaff is the best here and the  food quality is constant also.
This is the best of the Long Doggers. Post Road is good and so is S. Patrick and the Original on A1A, but this one is the best.
I just moved to Palm Bay, Fl and was recommended immediately to here. I had a great experience and the waitresses where great and worked hard. The fish tacos are awesome and loved the unique food choices. I will with out a doubt return soon.
Great friendly staff. I always enjoy talking to Rob and his staff. The food is always enjoyable and the staff is attentive and fun Want a nice bite and a beer this is a great stop
In the area and needed lunch. Saw this place from the road  and gave it a try. Good choice. I had our little dog with me so I needed the outdoor seating they had. They were very busy but the server gave great service, even brought my dog a bowl of water. My foot long dog with chips and rings and a soda was good. It looked like the dog was deep fried (which was different but good). The large rings were dark and crunchy. The chips would have been good but they were almost cold. This was a good find and I will go back when in the area.
Best wings in the area, fun atmosphere... great prices and good beer choices.  Only downside is that service can be hit or miss.
Love the ambience and service ... Ah yeah, the food is really good too.
Yummy food! Great wings and burgers are HUGE! - big enough to share lol! Love that they have a drive thru window for take out orders
Wow the hot dogs are GREAT! I love this place. The prices are amazing, the food is great, the service is fast and friendly, the atmosphere is casual and fun. It has quickly become a new favorite of mine. I look forward to going back again soon. So far I have had hot dogs (their signature item for a reason), a steak sandwich (OMG so good!), and peppercorn tuna tacos (very good but a bit pricy compared to everything else). For the price I do not think they can be beat for good food and a fun atmosphere.
great food ....all around fun place to spend time and the staff is great!
I have been to Long Doggers before but this was my first time at this location. The staff was very friendly, the place was clean, and there was a choice of sitting outside or inside which is always nice. The food was fresh & very tasty. They really went all out on their new menus using a lot of  nice eye catching colors. I'd have to say out of all the food I tried, the standout was the queso bites app. The presentation was different & the taste was fantastic. Imagine a spicier version of a mozzarela stick with a bit of a fried mac & cheese center & that's what it tasted like. The waffle fries are on par with Chik-Fil-A which is actually a big compliment since CFA waffle fries are delicious. I took pics of quite a few things & uploaded them. Would I eat here again? Yes.
Good hot dogs. The majority of the bar is a nice shaded outdoor patio area.
They have amazing waffle fries! Their fish wraps are good.  I used to get the wings but the last few times I had them they were too greasy.  But you can't go wrong with the blackened mahi wrap.
Great customer service. Large variety of food. Great quality.
Well, the staff was quite friendly.  Honestly, I wasn't that impressed with the food.  I brought my mom there and she left pleased and happy so I guess that's all that matters. She had the ribs, which from my mini-bite were tasty.   I ordered the tacos...mmm kinda dry and flavorless even with the dab of "sauce" on top.  I also wasn't thrilled that I had to pick between chicken or fish and wasn't able to choose. Oh well, what are you gonna do??  The sides were also not the best.  I mean, maybe I'm just being overly NY judgmental, but that just makes me think that there's better options out there!
I've loved longdoggers since I moved here January 2012. They're just laid back and the food is good. It's an excellent place to go when you're looking for a cold beer and good food. Highly recommend them.
The food and service are good. Hawaiian Chicken is a favorite of mine, the Mahi Tacos weren't bad either. The carryout drive-thru is convenient.
Food is just okay..fun place to hang out
We're semi-regulars of this Long Doggers location. Overall I'd rate their menu items "pretty good". The variety of hot dogs is fun and they taste fine for the price. The peel-and-eat shrimp is yummy, the burgers are good, and the ribs and wings are some of the best in town (if you like hot sauce, Long Doggers has your hidden gem - THE BEST hot sauce of any restaurant I've ever been to - granted I'm no Guy Fieri road warrior, but I've been around enough to know my sauce). Our tables are always clean and the waitresses have always given us good service, even on busy nights, although we don't go on Bike Night or Car Night because they're too mobbed and we have a toddler who is no fan of long waits to get seated. Honestly speaking, neither am I. Can't fault them for being popular - it's a fun joint to hang out and chill - but you'll be well served knowing what nights/crowds best suit you and yours. They lose points on overpriced drinks, having only one high chair without a broken buckle, napkin fail (I'm a firm believer in any place serving wings, ribs, and/or other sauced-up finger foods having a healthy supply of the large BBQ joint-style napkins on your table - otherwise I'll be using the entire dispenser of those pathetic little cocktail napkins), the dry Caribbean Chicken that looks nothing like the promo picture on the table that isn't quite impressive enough for $9, and their decision to cut back on the Mahi portions & quality on the $9.79 Robbie D's Mahi Tacos...this was done at some point after 2010, and I was sorely disappointed. The Mahi they use now is skimpy, dry, and has a little dab of sauce on them. Lame. However, that's not enough to keep me from coming back again and again. They definitely offer food every bit as good and a better value than anything else on Palm Bay Road between there and I-95, including the overrated wing place. PLEASE fix the Mahi problem and I promise I'll add the 5th star back!
Have been coming here for a while. Love the Wings, Dawgs and just about everything else on the menu. Great Beer selection and the atmosphere . Waitress  was great, but the only beef I've had with any of the Long Doggers is the wait staff aren't easily identified. I literally had 3 different waitresses tonight. Kinda difficult when you don't know whose attention to get and they don't have name tags. Other than that, I will keep coming back over and over.
Great atmosphere, fast service, cold cold cold beer!
Great munchie food, been coming to longdoggers since they only had the beachside store.
I loved this restaurant when we first moved here. After a few month I ate the 4 cheeseburger and was sick the rest of the night. I gave up on this place, but attempted it again after several months. Since then I have acquired my taste for their wings. I like their Medium wings (their Hot wings are extremely hot to me), but my favorite are the Garlic Teriyaki wings. They serve great grilled chicken dishes, baby back ribs, fried fish, and fish tacos. They offer great chicken tenders for appetizer and kid's meals. Their homemade baked beans and bbq sauce is yummy! I am not a huge fish lover, but their menu seems to have a nice variety of fish options. The service is usually friendly and quick paced. Great daily specials, and theme nights. Tuesday is Car night...lots of cars to look at. Thursday night used to be Bike Night...I believe there are still lots of bikes/bikers that show up still. Overall great food, but I believe it is a little pricey.
I was very disappointed today with my dinner salad at Long Doggers, Minton rd.. The lettuce was old wilted browned bag salad. I could have made it better at home, and will never return. The last few times we have been there the food was less than medeocre.
