Great burgers as always.... Staff was extremely nice, efficient, and very professional.   The employee working/cleaning the lobby, Devon, was extremely nice and sincere.  Asking each table how their experience was and if there was anything he could do.  A rarity for a fast-food/fast-casual establishment.
Okay . Great service . Little on greasy side .. Heavy feeling after ! Prices high. But good ...
If you are looking for a break from the traditional fast food places but aren't willing to fork over premium funds for a premium burger, then this is your place.  The menu is simple, burgers, fries, hotdogs, drinks.  They have a wide range of toppings with exotic extras for free like mushrooms and jalapenos.  The fries are plentiful and you can go for the Cajun fries. The large is enormous and almost too much for two people.  The food was prepared fresh so no worry about heat-lamps and microwaves.  You can see them prepare your food while you wait.   Overall, the food is good and priced reasonably.  Cooked fresh but is still fast enough to have a bite on the run.
As a California native, I was told the only thing comparable in Florida to In-N-Out is Five Guys. While the Five Guys menu has more toppings options (mushrooms, green peppers, bbq sauce, etc), the burgers and fries aren't even close. The restaurant is a open and bright. The burgers are juicy and the fries are thick with the skins still on. Five Guys is better than McDonald's or Burger King, but is a distant second to In-N-Out.
Had lunch with my little sister at this location and it was pretty good. Like many other chain restaurants, this location is standard to the service and options you'll receive. For the newbies out there: the little burger is a one hamburger patty and the regular is two. Over a dozen toppings to add on or leave off... The regular order of fries is more than enough for two to share.. Be advised: Five Guys is a bit pricy. Lunch for two on this visit was just under $17.
I'm always in the mood for a good burger, and when I found out that Five Guys has a freshly cooked burger that is tasty and delish, I decided to give it a try. Pros: Its a pretty good burger, lots of toppings available, copious amounts of fries Cons: If you have a peanut allergy, service can be REALLY REALLY slow at times, and $5 for a burger does seem like a luxury item My advice is call in the order if you know what you want, that can speed things up heartily and remember that the large fries = REALLY FREAKING LARGE FRIES.
I totally dig Five Guys. Tried on a recommendation (Thanks, David!) and really liked it. Well-made burgers with a crapload of combinations for toppings, great fries. Last couple of times I went we stood in line for awhile, the place is pretty popular in the early evenings. A little pricey for a burger, but it really is good. Table seating, full view of the kitchen, pretty sparse decorations. Get your food, eat and get out. Didn't like the cajun fries, they were a little too salty and/or spicy for me. Plain fries all the way.
The food is undoubtedly fantastic. The smell, however, isn't very good (in the store, not the food.) The smell, I'm sure, isn't because of unsanitary conditions, maybe it's the grease from the burgers that are cooked openly. I don't know, but I do know that the food is really good.
I'm a local, I've eaten at 5-Guys a few times, they have delicious burgers, and decent fries. The ingredients are fresh, but be warned, know what you like ahead of time, if you add too many toppings to your burger, you'll likely mess it up. The burgers come with two meat patties, so if your not craving a lot of meat, order a jr, which has just one patty. The fries are made from potatoes sliced right there, in fact the bags of potatoes are stacked up in the lobby. The only reason I don't visit 5 Guys more often is the price, taking a date there for burgers, fries and a drink will cost you about $20, which is a little pricey for someone to be calling your number to come get your food. They do have vinegar for your fries, and a huge variety of toppings for your burger or dog. The food is very tasty and filling. The staff looked as if they hadn't been there very long, which may have been the reason for the long slow moving lines. The delicious food made up for the slow service. Save up those pennies, and next time you crave beef give them a whirl. There is limited seating available, as well as some space outdoors. They are in a plaza near Mo's, and Menchies.
Excellent burgers and fries, but I believe it's a little too pricey. The restaurant is always clean, and the staff is very friendly.
EXPENSIVE...for a burger that I could have gotten at Steak and Shake for half the price....nothing special whatsoever. $20.00 lunch for 2, we shared a large fry and large soda, and I ordered a "small cheeseburger". Very limited selection, one would think a burger joint would have more than burger, burger with cheese, burger with cheese and bacon, small or large. Never again.
The burgers are excellent, and the fries are great. Condiments include ketchup, vinegar, and salt -- the french fry trifecta.  All of their ingredients are super fresh; there's even a sign displaying where the day's potatoes were grown. I docked a star because the prices are high -- the cheapest "combo" (burger, fries, drink) will run you $9 and change. Also, the peanut shells EVERYWHERE, while the fault of lazy slob patrons and not so much the staff, is a huge turnoff.   I'm pretty sure they had a sign on the door (or near the peanuts) that politely requested that you properly discard of the shells in the trash, but I think they took it down after realizing that most visitors would rather not trouble themselves of carrying their own trash five feet to a trash can.  Since the customer is always right, better to take down a sign than to risk offending said customer by making them feel gross.  Well, I don't work there, so I can say it -- throw out your damn peanut shells, and stop being such a slob! I can't allow myself to eat here more than once a year, which is a shame. Clogged arteries and multiple waist size gains is a hefty price to pay for some of the best homestyle hamburgers and fries.
Yummy! There is absolutely nothing better than being able to order a burger with anything you want on it a far as toppings and not be nickel and dimes for each thing. Always come hungry and leave stuffed! The jr size is plenty but the regular is an excellent calorie packed treat. Certainly one of my top choices for burgers.
