Hubby and I have been going here for two years, and it's one if our favorite places to go.  Service is great, all food we've tried is amazing and we love the trivia with the other customers. We keep receiving refills when we are only halfway with our drinks, and they are always there to answer questions and are very friendly. Very happy to go there always, it's a great time!
Perfect place to watch the game with friends or family or both. But dont expect much as far as the food. Its ok average. But for a place with wings in the title I would expect better wings.  So I had a burger, no help there it was ok as well. Not bad but not good lol. Good service ok prices . Go for the game and beer.
My family comes here frequently, i have never had a bad experience here. The wings are excellent and love the atmosphere.
Had the Sampler appetizer and Prime Rib Slammers with Potato wedges. Autumn, or waitress, was friendly and personable. The food was O.K. nothing spectacular.Made the mistake of sitting outside on a cold day. Screaming children should be outlawed or at the very least contained in restraunts as we had two helions running ring around the rosie around our table. Can kinda take or leave this place it would get a C on a report card. PARENTS! CONTROL YOUR CHILDREN! If I cant smoke in a restraunt I shouldnt have to tolerate YOUR brats while Im having a meal.
Went in October and I mentally blocked this place out, then I saw a commercial last night. Change your oil please. The wings were gross because the oil they were fried in was clearly not fresh. How do you fix that ? " excuse me waitress, can you have the kitchen change the oil and make me a new batch of wings" ? The drinks were weak enough for us to polish off a few and still not have a buzz so all in all you do get what you pay for. I think if I am going to spend money in the street, it has to be better than this. A freebie could not get me back into that joint.
We were driving home from Orlando and decided to stop here for lunch. It was Sunday and we knew there would be football on a bunch of tvs, some good food and a good crowd and we were not dissapointed. We ordered mini corn dogs and some wings. I got sweet BBQ boneless wings and my fiance got honey BBQ regular wings. The mini corn dogs were incredible!! They were soooo good, very flavorful and perfectly cooked. Our wings were great as they have always been when I have been to BWW in the past. Our server was amazing too I wish I remembered his name but I am terrible with names. He was very attentive and super nice the entire time we were there.
Terrible food , terrible service . Don't waste your time or money. Only pp with terrible taste come here to drink beer and watch  sports.
So the wife and I just get back from a long day in Orlando, and Kissimmee, and we decide to put off cutting down on alcoholic beverages for one more night. We've been to this locale one time prior so think that it should be OK for a quick stop for after-work drinks and appetizers. When first walking in the first thing to strike you is the noise. Multiple TV screens drowned out by the contemporary music...definately not conducive to a quiet dining experience, but great for discussions your neighbors will not hear. The staff wore jersey's with the number 82. When I asked the hostess what the number represented, the reply was that it was the year the company started. Ok. The good: Wow. $3.00 domestic draughts - and the 16 oz pints not the 10 oz cheapos. Happy hour apparently extends til 7:00, then restarts at 10. While i couldn't choose my favored imports, It was an offer I also couldn't refuse. Surprisingly, this locale also has a large selection of beers: domestic, imported, and specialty. I counted 24 varieties just on tap. Another plus was that a selecton of appetizers was also $3.00. We ordered 2, the queso dip and garlic mushroms. To top it off, boneless wings were $.60 each. We ordered a few of those. Some with curry and others with spicy buffalo. The bad; The booths were cushioned, but could use some cleaning. The food was too salty. Wings too salty. Quesos too salty, and shrooms too salty. Had to make sure to get a quart of water after leaving. Overall, good price for drinks and appetizers. But make sure to ask for water before ordering.
I was so excited when this restaurant opened after having a great experience in South Carolina.  We have been here at least 5 times and every time it gets worse.  Today we actually had a great server named Darlene.  She was actually attentive and friendly.  First time that has ever happened.  The wait staff stands at the hostess stand, blocking your way in and out of the restaurant and the restrooms.  If you want to know who is sleeping with who or what manager is the most hated just try and go to the bathroom and you will get all the gossip.  They literally look bothered if you attempt to pass by and this is the one and only path to the restrooms and the entryway.  I won't even mention the food which is horrific.  Do yourself a favor and go to Coasters to watch a game!
My father in law and I were able to get away to watch the uconn game. I'm never a big supporter of chain restaurants but Buffalo Wild Wings is in a league of their own. What a positive experience. Out server Don was incredible. He was extremely friendly and accommodating. Very personable and even brought his general manager over to conversation - I guess she had a Northern connection. Wings were fantastic. My wife and son were with us at the very beginning - they both left after a few minutes into the game so I could enjoy with my father in law - bless her heart. Anyway they brought out my sons food right away. He seemed to really enjoy the Mac and cheese and fries.  Always helpful to feed the child first. Our wings were delicious. Thick and juicy.  Great beers on tap - dogfish 90 and yuengling.  Very positive experience if your looking to watch a game and have some delicious wings.
Wings did not soar here, instead it left me a little sore. Our wings were just slathered with way too much sauce. I had the garlic sauce; it was a weird combo of wing sauce, butter or mayonnaise, and garlic.  In addition, Wings and ribs seemed over cooked.   Service was ok. Pretty much a disappointing meal with no chance of a repeat visit. There are too many places to go to eat better food.
I can't believe I am actually writing about this dump.  Place was empty for a Friday lunch 1:30 and although plenty of staff milling about, food service took at least 1/2hr. (this is for chicken, did they get the food from down the road)   I was wondering what will they do if crowded or does the clientele only drink.  Food was subpar, and if average of $7.50 per customer less drink is the norm, this place should be floundering and out of business soon.  At least at the beaches, most lousy restaurants will cater to the snowbirds that don't care about food, ambience, or price and will still survive, but Buffalo Wild Wings is a crime to the restaurant business. Put this place out of its misery.   Note enough TV's here to have a great close out sale.  Need to start looking at the corporation and buy puts.
Our waitress was very nice and got us what we needed. The food wasn't *spectacular*, but it was still good. (I had an inexplicable craving for french fries that had to be satisfied.) Got the appetizer sampler and the nachos on it were delicious. I ordered the grilled chicken wrap (tangy asian sauce) with fries. Unfortunately, unattended children belonging to the table next to us really funked up the experience. Corral your kids, people! Every restaurant isn't Chuck E. Cheese!
Yesterday I treated a former client to dinner on his birthday.  We went to Buffalo Wild Wings at 4325 Norfolk Pkwy. in West Melbourne.  He had never been there before, so it was a new experience for him.   We went during happy hour, so they had wing and drink specials which included tall glasses of select beer for $3.00 each.  The menu included some unique items that you don't see everywhere else, and we especially enjoyed the onion rings.  The complimentary sides were the usual french fries or chips with salsa, but they went well with the drink specials. The staff was friendly, the food was good and served promptly, and they even accommodated a special birthday request by allowing me to bring in a personalized birthday cake from the outside for my client.  Not every place has the class to do that.  With the customer service that we received, I would recommend this place to anyone for good food and a good time at a reasonable price.
When I lived in Virginia BWW was a great place to go! Decided to give this place a try after some shopping. Jenci was our server and although kinda nice, seemed to lack on the personal approach of serving. So loud in there. Had a game no one cared about blasting from the speakers.  Place must have been busy since it was a MESS when we got there. Funny thing was, servers who were cleaning spent more time talking and hanging out, so it was still a mess when we left. Wings weren't as good as I remembered them to be. I'm sure there is better places to go for wings.
This place is the decline of American ettiquette and table manners all under one roof. It's a bar restaurant with bad full menu food/ presented as finger foods and NO Utensils! Yes, you eat this garbage out of paper lined baskets with your fingers like an animal. The food also sucks- really SUCKS. Idk, maybe they keep plastic sporks onhand, but our party of four was not offered any.                                                                                                                   If that's not enough, the drinks are expensive. I came out of this place thinking that it was the most Vulgar restaurant I have ever been to. If I'm going OUT to eat and then forced to eat with my hands, it had better be at Midievil Times or some Shwarma lebanese place....not going back ever.
Went one week after opening and was served substitute chicken nuggets and a cheeseburger with a very cheap chuck patty because they ran out of their own stuff. The waitress knew but did not tell us until my husband confronted her. She said the manager bought frozen stuff from the grocery store down the street. The manager compensated one of the meals but not the other or the appetizer (they were substituted with the grocery store food too). I wrote their headquarters but that was ignored. Talk about making a bad first impression. Disgusting.
Loud, overpriced, disengaged staff, slow service, mediocre-at-best food. It only takes one visit to see why the initial grand opening crowds died down. When your wings are your reputation and signature item, you damn well better bring your A-game to back it up. This Buffalo Wild Wings falls down with an epic faceplant fail on that task. Their traditional wings are served in a folded paper bowl (you won't get a plate here), small, wimpy, and can't compete with any others I've tried in the area. And their boneless wings? Think Wal-Mart frozen food. My 9-yr old could make better wings in our deep fryer at home if I'd let her. The celery & carrot sticks are laughable - you get 3 of each. They boast 16 different sauces, and I've tried several including their hottest, but none are particularly memorable. Did I mention this place is LOUD? Wall-to-wall flatscreen TVs endlessly compete to drown each other out to the point you nearly have to shout at each other across the table to have a conversation. I've seen this business model done right with other franchises (i.e., Taco Mac), where the service, food, and drinks actually contribute to the experience, rather than take away from it - Buffalo Wild Wings would be well served to take notes. There is nothing about this place that is charming or appealing to me. It has no soul or anything that makes me want to go back. The servers and bartenders have the personality of a dial tone and aren't attentive - annoyingly long waits between server sightings when the place was virtually empty and having to order some things twice just adds to the fun. The staff seem more interested in talking and hanging out with each other - the customers are more of an afterthought. Watered down and overpriced cocktails and temped beer are the final nail in the coffin. That's why it's empty on a Friday night even with 100 sports TVs playing. Long Doggers is just down the street, has MUCH better wings and sauce, better atmosphere and service too. I'd venture to say that's where most of the grand opening crowd went back to after going there and experiencing what we and several other reviewers here did (including the "filtered" negative reviews that must have hit too close to home and got flagged). There are enough common denominators in the problems this place and the Longhorn Steakhouse next door share to make be suspect the same ill-advised, hands-off franchise owner(s) are at the helm, as they opened approximately a month apart [UPDATE: We gave Longhorn another chance and found they had miraculously turned around all their issues from their early months in business, so from where I'm sitting Buffalo Wild Wings doesn't even have the common franchise owner excuse anymore]. With such a gaping hole in the variety of non-chain restaurants to choose from in Palm Bay and all the empty commercial real estate space, it is a felony to the restaurant business that so much was invested in constructing such a dismal excuse for a restaurant that will inevitably have a For Lease sign in front of it if major changes aren't made soon.
Food was ok, I guess I should have ordered wings.  The service was extremely slow, was late getting back to work.  Place was not even crowded!
Who doesn't love a great sports bar? My husband and I spent the better part of football season here. Cool bartenders, great beer selection, and HUGE TV's. Downside? There are only a few good eats on the menu. Salt and vinegar wings are to die for and so are the build your own burgers.
Not a great sports bar. Very good variety of wings, but I've had better classic Buffalo style.
Slow service. Not offered plates, or water. No toothpicks? Wings were hot and good.
So consistent!  My only complaint would be the ranch tastes a little iffy.  Like a pushed it away because I was afraid of what the aftermath would be.  The wings are good the sauce is good and the friend pickles are- well, fried pickles. =)
Pumped to try a new place. Server was super nice and the place was lively. Fries came cold, bill was wrong and the sever, though he was nice, barely served. Last time I'll be here. For the same money you can dine at carrabbas!
The first few experiences at this restaurant was horrible! I would not have recommended this restaurant in the beginning. However the last three times I have been the staff has been wonderful and provided excellent service. I definitely have a better recommendation for this restaurant. They have great offers for happy hour on beer and appetizers that I highly recommend for a great low price.
Nice place in Melbourne. Stopped in on a Tuesday during a road trip through my old FIT stomping grounds and had a great time. 0.45 wings were good, but the ranch was a lil sketchy to me. Good atmosphere.
I can't say that I was overly impressed with this place.  I will say it is a nice place to watch a game though.  Maybe it was because it was very late Monday night, maybe it was because there was nine of us and it was very late, but for what ever reason the food was eh....the service was eh.........and to be honest I really wanted to like this place but I just see it as average.  Sorry guys but I wouldn't make any kind of special trip here again.
This place is newer to the West Melbourne area- so it's always packed.  It's great place to watch a UFC fight at if you don't want to spend the money at home.  You must get there early for any kind of fight or sporting event.  There are soooo many tv's that you can't miss a second of an event.  The bar and wings are like any other Buffalo Wild WIngs.  Good!  I'll go back again!
I first visited this restaurant when they first opened, it was just way too packed and it was a 3 hour event, in and out the door. But now that the dust has settled, the holidays are over, march madness is done, and I've visited this restaurant probably 30 times now, I can honestly say that this place is the most consistent when it comes to food quality, and service. Nowhere is perfect, but at least when there is a screw up, the manager is quick to repair the problem. They have a decent menu, with plenty of choices, and their sauce guide is very helpful (my favorites are Thai Curry, and Mango Hebenro). The lunch menus are great, and after weeding out all of the bad apples they have a great competent serving staff. On Tuesdays the traditional wings are on sale and Thursday's the boneless wings are on sale. They do wings right, but to make sure they coat the wings well ask for the wings wet. There are a lot of TV's all over the place, and if you want them to change a channel the server will be glad to help you with that. The place is clean, and the wifi is fast, you just have to sign on using your browser on your wireless device. Trivia  games are also available to play using their devices or your own smartphone or tablet. I like to play using my iPad. Hope to see you there for lunch Tuesday afternoon :) Their location says Norfolk Parkway West Melbourne but really they are on Palm Bay road near the new Target and next to the AT&T company store, one block from I95.
In general, I am a big buffalo wild wings fan! However, this one only gets a 3 because of the service at this one. When there are only 2-3 of us that go on the weekend, we get great service! However, anytime we go with more than 3 at anytime, service is mediocre at best. My biggest complaint is that the food takes so long to cook for these parties, like 45 minutes or so. Other than that, it has a great atmosphere and sports on all the time!
Ok service a bit slow but I get it the place is busy.  Drinks were watered down it seemed to me and my boyfriend. The waitress seems like she could have a better attitude. Wings were awesome though. Pricing very fair.
i am obsessed with the asian zing wings. however... the service is almost always terrible. oh and the bar tender on monday might need a few pointers on what goes in different cocktails.
Two days ago My friends and I decided we would go all the way to Melbourne to go to BWW from Vero Beach for a girls night. As soon as we walked in we got sat right away, about 5 feet away from the host stand, who started to point at my friends and I and talk and laugh to her manager for about 10 minutes. Then when we did say something to our server Shaun, we asked him why his coworkers were pointing and laughing. Rather than explain, he preceded to yell at us for a couple of minutes. Without us speaking another word, he refused to serve us. He walked away and passed the manager who was right behind our table and no one ever came closer to find out what the problem was. We left and after walking out the door the host who was making jokes with her manager walked outside and watched us leave. We went next door to Long Horn and told our server what just happened and he confirmed that he has had many customers that described encounters like ours. We contacted their corporate offices and have had no reply. Surprise, surprise. We will never visit this establishment again.
Bad.   Waited until the crowds of people died down after the initial opening a few months ago.  Now, in retrospect, I see why they died down, because the food, service, drinks stink.   My expierence was a  beautiful Friday night at about 9:30.   The place was empty except for maybe 20 people which included a long party table.  I was at the bar with my girl, we were the only ones there.   I specifically asked the bar tender if she was good at making Margaritas.  She said, "yes."   She wasn't. It was like lemonade.  She asked if it was good, I responded no and ordered a beer.  My date's cranberry and vodka was so void of vodka I watched her make the next one.  The Bar tender takes the empty drink, now just melting ice and starts to top off the ice to make a "new" drink.   I stopped her, "Can you please start fresh?"    She dumped the watery ice, refills the glass,  puts in a tiny squirt of vodka after my request and a load of cranberry.   6 super hot wings.  I call them 6 super hot micro-wings served in a folded paper bowl.  Boneless wings, think SAMs club frozen food.    Meanwhile the place is still open for 4 more hours, the bar tender starts spraying and wiping down everything around us like she's closing for the night and we are in the only dirty area.   There is nothing about this place that is charming or appealing to me.  Crummy food, bad drinks, temped beer, really crummy service.   That's why it's empty on a Friday night even with 100 sports TVs playing.    They seem to have a lot invested in this place, it's not going to make it if it can't survive on a Friday night. Go see for yourself.   It's that bad.   Movie theater food is better. If you like to eat off a plate, bring one with you, because they don't have any.
