Went there for lunch one afternoon. Grabbed some brown stew chicken. It was pretty good. Much better than the other local Jamaican restaurants near by. Prices were decent and the portion was pretty large. I'd go back.
The Jamaican food here is unbelievably good. The beef patties, the curry chicken, the curried goat, the brown stew chicken, the jerk chicken, the oxtail stew, the spicy fried escoveitched snapper  - these are all exceptional dishes. They did a lot of catering for me and my team was happiest and most productive when I brought in Hazel's. (One senior guy was allergic to one of the spices used, so I made sure to have some El Bohio's in the fridge for him when we brought in Hazel's for the team). This is get-on-a-plane-and-fly-down-here food. So come on down.
I've been a loyal patron of Hazel's ever since she opened. Great, tasty Jamaican food, served with a smile! I used to be a jerk chicken only guy, but looking at that extensive menu of "weird" (LOL!) stuff week after week, month after month, I finally broke down and have broadened my culinary horizons - I'm as likley to order curry goat these days as i am chicken or pork! This is a place I always take people to who are tired of the "same old, same old"!
Wait was long and I made the mistake of not checking the container before we left.  Wow! Even though the order was inaccurate still I attempted to eat it.  Revolting, the fish smelt funny and the cabbage was overcooked brown mush.  Topping it all off the rice was nauseating !  It was more like slushy pudding topped with the random red pea. Called them promptly and was subjected to incoherent gibberish from the server.  "Bottom line is you get what it comes with", she yelled. Paragon of virtue she was...
Now I'm no expert on Caribbean or Jamaican food so I can't really say for certain whether this is the "best" around town, but what I can tell you is that I really enjoyed Hazel's!  The young lady who took our order was helpful and attentive.  The place was quaint and charming.  As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by friendly patrons who were gushing about what a great place Hazel's is.  I ordered the jerk chicken and pork combo for take out.  My boyfriend ordered the same, except he also ordered oxtail and a side of cabbage for his combo, where I opted for an extra side of rice with peas.  After a short wait, we were on our way with our take out food in hand.  A level of excitement grew as the enticing aroma of the freshly cooked food took  over the car.  We got home and were happy when we both opened our meals and found a generous portion of food.  The jerk pork was tender and very tangy with a nice kick.  But my favorite was the jerk chicken- it was perfectly cooked and seasoned with a nice jerk/ peppery taste, also with a nice kick.  Overall we were both very happy with the taste of the food and satisfied with the portions.  I'll definitely go back!
Fantastic carribean food!  They are located in a run down strip mall type place.  Once you step in and the carribean beats are blasting over the stereo, you realize you made a good call.  The food is amazing - jerk, curries, patties, plantains, it is all good.
Best Jamaican food in the county. I recommend the ox tail, jerk pork and jerk chicken with cabbage and rice on the side
We are from NY visiting Melbourne and got takeout here. The reviews that are positive probably never had really good Jamaican food. The jerk chicken was sweetish not spicy it was some kind of rib meat, the curried goat was watery and had a heavy goat smell and taste, wasn't washed well????? The oxtails was bland not seasoned well. The service? If you like sullen scowling and non vocal service this is the place for you. We wasted a lot of money and threw out a lot of food. My recommendation? Find the Latin market called Thrifty Produce on Palm Bay Rd not far down the street and order their hot food, to die for and huge servings never disappointed and I must say better than NY Bodega food.
