I don't review a place without going three times.  Every time I've gone to eat here it's been great no matter which side of the menu I order from.  Mofongo, General Tsos, Yellow Rice, Tostones with Mojo, Bistec Encebollado, & Honey Garlic Chicken.  It's a modest, small building, nothing fancy but don't judge - I'm glad I gave it a try. :)
Once again,  thank you, Yelp! It would have been so easy to drive past this restaurant if we hadn't read the reviews for it! We needed a quick stop with good food on our drive home,  and this place did not disappoint! A wide variety of options are offered on the menu. We opted for salt and pepper squid (The Mr. is a huge fan) and General Tsao's chicken. The portions were large and easily shareable.  I really enjoyed the bold flavors of the chicken. Most impressive of all was how incredibly nice the service was. We received great service, and everyone was very friendly! I would definitely return.
Huge portions, low prices. Have not tried the Spanish food, so I cannot speak on that. However the Chinese food, now that is something I will happily vouch for. I've had the general tso chicken, sesame chicken, the house egg foo yong, and fried dumplings. Everything I have ate from this place has been very good and the portions are ASTOUNDING! Fast, friendly, and convenient take out. Seating is also available inside the restaurant.
Way too much to eat, I had the $4.95 special, sweet and sour chicken, pork fried rice and eggroll. Every bite of the chicken I wanted to show someone, it was delicious and I can't believe I ate the whole thing, it was great! I have never had Chinese like that, the other places always had skin and chicken parts wrapped in ten times as much flour, too much sauce. This was great, I wanted to take a picture but didn't think of it until it was gone. It was all white meat chicken, not a single bad piece, you have to try it. Mike and Sue are gracious people, great service, friendly. I'm going back for dinner again.
We live around the corner About once a week we order their delicious ropa vieja (in fact tonight we will) We have eaten in and had take out. Their food is just great both Latin and Chinese. Mike & Sue are wonderful people and George is great too Don't let the outside appearance let you drive by this special place Ron
An excellent General Tso with fresh broccoli. Great service. The foods much better than the decor.
This place has to be busier! Granted I walked in between lunch & dinner, (3.30pm) but I was greeted with a smile and when asked if I was too late for lunch was informed "no problem ". George, the young man that waited on me was extremely friendly and went out of his way to be helpful and informative about their menu.    I'm diabetic and when I mentioned rice is a problem he didn't blink and offered to substitute stir fried vegetables instead and I gratefully accepted. I ordered the chicken curry and thoroughly enjoyed it. The chicken didn't taste pre cooked, it was fresh and the curry flavor was nicely pronounced with the perfect amount of picante heat!  Madras curry not Caribbean! They have a good selection of chef special dishes that look very interesting in addition to their regular menu too. I will definitely be back!
Wow - fantastic place to eat for under $10. We have been twice, the first time we had Cuban food - which was okay, and the portions were huge. The second time, we had the Chinese special - lunch for $3.99 - chop suey, I had pork, hubby had chicken. White meat chicken, in good quantity, but the pork was amazing, especially for under $5 - it was sliced roasted pork with subtle spices. I think the Chinese menu might surpass the Cuban selections for flavor. And you even get a fortune cookie! The restaurant is very clean, service is very fast and attentive.
I haven't written a review in years, but after a stop at Mike and Sue's, I felt compelled to spread the word about this unique business. Mike and Sue are Chinese but lived in Panama.  In addition to serving Chinese dishes, there is a Latin American cuisine menu.  I tried the empanadas and the shrimp with lobster sauce.  My friend had the General Tso's chicken, apparently a favorite. All were delicious with a unique flavor.  You can tell Mike and Sue express themselves and take pride in providing their special stamp to the world of dining. But what sets this business apart from the rest is the service.  I have never experienced such a sincere, warm welcome to a business.  Sue immediately made us out of towners feel welcome, chatting with us about Hurricane Sandy, and their love for the community they live in, in Florida.   Jorge, our server, also told us about the strength of "word of mouth" this business had.  They've only been in their current location for a few years, but have had customers follow them for 20 years through various locations.  That is a testament to the roots Mike and Sue have cultivated in the Palm Bay/Malabar community. I immediately knew this is a business that prides itself on providing top quality (from the food to the service).
Excellent food and giant portions, especially for the price. Very friendly staff. You have to get here and check it out!
1s time here, but we will definitely be back.  They will customize anything on the menu to your taste.
For the first time in many years, this small building on Harris Ave, visible from Palm Bay Road, was crowded for lunch. And when I passed again, during dinner, crowded again. Seeing the 3.99 lunch specials on the sign outside, planned it for lunch that next day. That evening, a friend called to tell me about this amazing little restaurant that had just opened in Palm Bay. Mike & Sue's. It was quite busy but the crowd was deftly handled by Sue. Many places that have too much on the menu, or aspire to too many cuisines fail by a lack of direction or identity. But the family-owned restaurant is owned by a Panamanian couple and the menu accurately reflects the juxtaposition of cultures with a fair amount of Cuban flair gained by Mike's NYC based culinary training. My wife wanted take-out. Sue asked her to relax and have a seat. My wife protested and Sue deftly took her by the shoulder and said,"You have a seat, relax and enjoy lunch and I will take care of you." Two minutes later, crowed though it was, she was there to take our order. She suggesting we order what we'd like and she would bring us what we really want on top of it. I ordered Triple Delight and my wife ordered the special, Beef Tips and Chicken Teriyaki. We both asked for no rice and Sue asked if we wanted extra vegetables instead and it was, indeed, exactly what we were about to ask for. My wife ordered an empenada and maduros. About ten minutes later Sue arrived with two empenadas, one for each of us. My wife had one and so should I. I will note now, this was gratis and never showed up on the bill. Then she came back with Chcharones de Pollo. I asked how she knew I wanted this and she said, "I read your mind." Well, maybe, maybe not, but I am hard-pressed to find a different explanation. It was the first thing I had noticed on the menu, something my grandmother used to make. I had never said a thing, but there is was. I'd like to say my grandmother's stood slightly over Mike's preparation of the dish, but I can't. It was wonderful, succulent, crisp and delicious. She then brought us mojo sauce for it and insisted we give it a try. Right she was. The food we ordered then arrived and they were large portions that felt and tasted fresh and prepared with care. I have seldom had beef or chicken that tender. The vegetables were perfect, not over sauced or salted. The proportions were perfect. Then came the maduros, caramelized on the edges and tender and soft throughout. She then brought us black beans. She asked that we taste them so we'd know of we wanted them in the future. They were wonderful. The bill, when all was said and done, was sixteen dollars and change. We left with enough food for dinner as well. Go here. I cannot say this more clearly or directly. Go to Mike and Sue's. Go there today. Take people with you.
Though a Chinese and Spanish combination might seem strange, this small little restaurant offers a unique dining experience. For the Chinese cuisine, there is both a selection on the normal menu as well as a special Chinese menu that offers more authentic selections. Me and my Chinese girlfriend usually order from this latter menu and agree that it is the best place in Melbourne/Palm Bay to eat real Chinese food as opposed your typical Chinese buffet fare. However, if you do crave American style Chinese food, the General Tso's chicken is damn good also. I tried the Spanish food only once and thought it was fine, but it was nothing amazing. The only real downside is that sometimes it takes a while for the food to come out, but it is well worth the wait. We have always had the same waiter, and he is probably the most polite and easy-going waiter that we have ever encountered. I highly recommend this restaurant if you want to eat some awesome Chinese food!
I've driven past this place hundreds of times. I finally decided to check it out, and I'm glad I did! Friendly service, and great food. I haven't tried their authentic Chinese menu, but their American style Chinese is great. Made to order, it's much better than at a buffet.
You can drive by this place and never notice it was there, but when you take a chance and drop in, you'll probably never eat at another Chinese Buffet again. Don't get me wrong, this is not a Chinese Buffet, but a restaurant where you sit down and order from a menu, they serve you the food and drinks, and you don't have to worry about the safety of the food, or your food being cold, because everything is made fresh when you order it, and everything I've had so far has been out of this world. Now they have a Chinese and Spanish menu, but I've only ordered from the Chinese menu, but everyone I've had lunch with there who ordered from the Spanish side was very pleased with their selection. They advertise a $3.95 lunch special, but the regular priced items are only an extra $1.75, so you won't be breaking the bank. This place is located on Palm Bay rd, where the Taco Bell used to be in the 80's and early 90's, close to Harris and the Woodlake apartments. The building is old, can probably use a makeover, but it's clean, and the staff is really friendly, George who is there usually during the day is great with faces and names, don't be surprised if he remembers you the second time you come in. There is no public Wifi, so don't expect to do business on your laptop while eating, you'll be too busy enjoying your food and your company anyway. Items to try: Bourbon chicken, roast pork lo mien, Hunan beef, General Tao Chicken. Getting hungry just thinking about it.
Little hole-in-the-wall place, easy to miss, but you won't want to miss it!  We only ate the Spanish food, but loved everything we had!  They're all over you with service, and the price is right, too.  We'll be back.
Wow! Wow! Wow! I visited Mike and Sue's for the first time tonight with a friend, and it was a PLEASURE! As we approached, the parking lot appeared empty, but we decided to see whether they were still open anyway. Once we got to the door, we read the restaurant hours and learned that they close @ 8pm on Mondays--It was 7:58pm--. So we started to turn back towards the car, when we noticed a short older Asian woman watching us from behind the counter inside the restaurant. I opened the door and asked whether they were still open, totally expecting to hear "No, sorry we are closing for the night". Well, amazingly, the woman welcomed us with a huge smile, nodded her head and stated "Come, come inside". We thanked her and sat at a booth in the corner. Our waiter was awesome! He was extremely polite, courteous, friendly and attentive. The food was excellent. This is THE BEST SPANISH FOOD IN PALM BAY! Maybe even in all of Brevard County! I am dead serious. It is just that GOOD! I am of Puerto Rican decent, and both of my grandmothers cook the best homemade authentic Puerto Rican food. So, with that said, I can be a very harsh judge of Latin cuisine. I ordered Pepper steak for the entree, maduros and a beef empanada as my two sides. My friend had the Ropa Vieja. I must say that the food was truly delicious. Huge portions that taste wonderfully fresh. No complaints whatsoever! Everything was perfect. We finished off our meals by sharing an order of flan, and that too was great! And to our surprise the bill was only $20 for both of us, and we left with takeout boxes and completely full bellies. :) So hands down, best food and best kept secret in town--Shhhh! If you haven't been to Mike and Sue's, WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU WAITING FOR! I guarantee you won't regret it. They will definitely get repeat business from me and I plan on telling all my friends about this place!
If you want to eat cheap, wait and wait for your order, take a chance you might just get lucky and the right order will end up on your table, then this is the place for you but as far as the quality and flavor of the food goes, your probably better off heating something up out of a grocery frozen food case.
I was looking for a place with decent chinese food to order take-out and I saw all the great reviews for this place, so we decided to order. The staff here were fantastic, they offered us water, candy and mints while we were waiting for our order.  The were extremely friendly and helpful. The chicken teriyaki is the BEST.  The other meals were good as well.   However, while eating the wonton soup, we came across something that looked to be a wonton skin.  Upon further inspection, we realized it was a paper towel!   This really creeped us out, so we could not finish eating that soup, but the rest of the meal was still great.
While driving from a weekend away we decided to pull over for a quick lunch. Thanks to Yelp we found this little treasure in the midst of nowhere. Real, mom and pops restaurant that serves Chinese and Latin food. Mofongo and Chow mein? Sure! It was delicious! The owners super super sweet. We will definitely go back!
Really good. The outside was a turn off for a long time, so I kept passing this place by... an old taco bell repurposed into a combination of Spanish and Chinese food? What?? If it wasn't for the other Yelp! reviews, I might never have tried it, but today I braved the unknown and went in for a look-see. I ordered the Veggie Lo Mein with a side of black beans (yep, you can mix and match cousines). It came with an egg roll which appeared to be homemade (yum), the Lo Mein was really good... some places make it really heavy and greasy, but not here, it was fresh and loaded with veg... and my side of black beans? Very good! The total bill was under $5 and I got a full lunch for that. I absolutely recommend going in and giving this a try. You'll be glad you did :)
I was intrigued by the Chinese Spanish restaurant so decided to stop in for lunch. Sure glad I did because the food was great. The lunch is $3.95 and the portions were more than enough. The place was packed so people are catching on to how good it is. I will definetly be a repeat customer. My server was George and he does not leaving wanting for more tea or attention.
Intriguing concept and good execution!  Very friendly & fast service.  Food tasted fresh and was not too greasy.  You can mix and match Chinese and Latin items.
What a great place for lunch. Bright and clean the staff are pleasant and helpful. The food is freshly cooked to order and is properly seasoned and not overly salted. We have sampled both the Chinese and Spanish menu selections and have been impressed by every order. Prices are very reasonable and the service is personal. This has become a weekly destination for us.
I live just down the street from Mike and Sue's, never considered stopping in.  Tonight, I had a function to go to at 7 pm, so I went on YELP to check out something close to home.  I read the reviews on Mike & Sue's and was pleasantly surprised.  I went there with my boyfriend and my daughter.  I had the egg foo yong special.  It was the best I've ever had.  My boyfriend raved about his choice of wonton soup and fried wontons.  My daughter opted for something from the Latin menu--baked chicken leg quarter, which she enjoyed very much.  We will definitely be back
If you are looking for a place to eat that cooks everything fresh and tastes great with out breaking the bank, this is the place!  We have been going there for about 8 months now and have never had a bad meal.  Mike and Sue are the owners and they along with George always take good care of us and make us feel better than family!  My favorite dish is the Steamed Chicken with scallion and ginger.  Though I have eaten many other dishes there as well.  They even let my daughter practice speaking Chinese with them.  Yes, the outside looks like an old Taco Bell but it is clean and comfortable on the inside.  Give it a try, you won't regret it!
