We drive by this place many times so we decided to give them a try. We pulled up to the drive-thru and ordered. The wait at the window was pretty long and we were not very excited about the energy in that place. We were greatly surprised but what came in those bags. The food was excellent, the egg rolls were fresh and the rice was fresh. Usually something is going to be stale or something is usually missing but not this time and not this place. The prices are reasonable, food is fresh, customer service...no comment but the food is good so will go back. Hubby like the schezwan shrimp and I like the sesame chicken or bourbon chicken.
We gave this trash hole of a place 3 separate occasions to redeem themselves and they've failed each time. Beyond the fact that their food is average at best. They continue to forget to include items that we ordered. Twice they neglected to bring the pancakes with Mu Shu pork, a basic staple of their "cuisine". The final straw was ordering online with a lead time of 45 minutes. This ghetto place obviously has dial up as I had to call a hour later with a status.  They seemed confused and after 2 more calls and 2 hours later we finally were delivered. Do not waste your time with this place unless your culinary tastes are low and enjoy dealing with incompetence.
While this place looks pretty low grade, their food is fantastic! One of the best Chinese places we order from. I recommend trying out their 'Vegetables in Garlic Sauce'. They are also very affordable.
The place has anew owner and the food is much better . We order from here all the time . Good food at a reasonable price. Been eating here for years.
Love this place.  You get a huge lunch for $5.00. Love that they have a drive through and usually only have to wait 10 min for cooked to order food.  Good Chinese food :)
The best chinese in Melbourne hands down! It took a while to find them when we first moved there. Definitely going to miss them now that Im in Orlando. Delicious food, great prices, and speedy delivery.
Been going here for years. Good food and prices. They offer free delivery if you spend $10 also!
Love this food..It is reasonable and tastes great..Love the fried chicken wings and the soup is great..!!
Awful! Greasy, tasteless. Not sure what I expected from a drive thru.....but not this bad. Keep driving!
