We need more Pollo Tropicals around here. This location is great. It's right off the interstate and easily accessible. Be prepared to see a few cents extra on your receipt because of the location.  Something weird. No smoothies here but they give you a handy flashy vibrating device that lets you know when your food is ready so you can load up on sauces with the little paper bag they give you while your order is being processed.  In fact, they have a fairly limited menu compared to the other locations I've been to. They are normally very quick and fresh - like all Pollo Tropicals should be.  The outside dining area looks nice.  One day I'll use it.   For a fast food restaurant they keep it extremely clean.  My only complaint is the staff seems to have an attitude with the Spanish speaking customers.  They need to hire a Spanish speaking cashier I think.
I left my purse at the booth when I went to the restroom and my husband didn't realize and went out to the car with my son. When I came out the purse was gone and our table was being cleaned. I went up to the front and the girls had my purse! Awesome right!?! Yea it would have been if the little scum bags behind the counter didn't steal my $70 of cash I had in there. Whatever. The way I look at is is they need it more than I do and lesson learned. Don't count on your husband to watch your purse while you use the restroom.
Friendly staff and huge portions. Pulled pork was amazingly great. Too bad there's no tipping allowed as these employees deserved it and I would have been happy to give it. Only issue was that no one had cleaned the tables but employee was in the process. Loved the food and was full when I left.
I'm sorry I wanted to like it so much because I LOVE POLLO!!! But not this one. I have been to many locations in Miami, Fort Lauderdale and Orlando. Being a Miami native and all I was very excited about them putting a Pollo Tropical here until I actually ate the food. My girlfriend ordered her Tropi Chop with onions and peppers. She LOVES onions but let me tell you they must have been rotten or something before they were cut up because it was the most DISGUSTING taste I have ever had in my mouth. There was a mound of them on top because she asked for extra so it literally made the entire tropic chop taste rotten even after taking them off because the onion juice. We also ordered a whole chicken with yellow rice and black beans. The chicken was cold and looked like it had been sitting there for HOURS not to mention the yellow rice is a joke. No flavor, more like something you would get from a Chinese buffet. The black beans were laughable as well. Im cuban/dominican and know what black beans are supposed to taste like. Goya canned black beans would have tasted better. They had no flavor what so ever. We were given a full refund, thank god. But that didn't make up for the taste that was left in our mouths. Never EVER going back. My favorite Pollo Tropical is in Miami on 37th ave and 7th st NW Miami, 33125. I will never return to this sad excuse for Pollo Tropical.
This is probably my 3rd visit to this location. First, I've got to say that I'm so excited to see Pollo Tropical come to our town. Next, even when they were first open and super busy the food was great and so was the service. Now that it has calmed down, nothing has changed! Two weeks later and it's the same great stuff! I had the chicken, but tried the pork that my boyfriend got and it was amazing! Again, so so so happy Pollo Tropical is here!
Great value for price! Plenty of options for the somewhat health conscious who doesn't want fast food. The drive-thru option offers a convenience that is generally lost amongst cooked when order establishments. Servers are efficient and polite, enhancing the dine-in option versus the takeout option.
We have loved pollo tropical since we moved to Fl in 2003.  But not this one.  We've tried 3 times. Each time it was worse. Three sticks. We are done. We are never going back. The food is cold, dry and flavorless. Mu husband ordered a half chicken and they gave him two legs, a back and a wing. He took it back to the counter and the have substituted a leg for a breast. The rice was so salty I could not eat it the beans had no flavor at all. Don't go!
Dirty, small portions nothing like photos on wall. Cockroach roaming around the sauces.
The guy at the register cannot hear well. I speak loud and clear I'm told. The woman who brought our food held the tray to her chin and spoke over it "who gets the half chicken"...that's nasty! Sit the tray down and then get the plates. The moist towelettes were dry. I'm still trying to figure that one out. I asked for a quarter chicken dark meat and I was given white. The booths are very narrow; we kept accidentally stepping on each others toes. Finally one of us sat sideways to keep that from continuing. Furthermore two employees behind the counter were playfully throwing things at one another across the line. I guess they like each other. The bathroom was clean and the uniforms of the employees. This location definitely needs to get it together because they are seriously lacking in comparison to other locations I have frequented from Miami to Orlando.
Not the same Pollo Tropical experience as in other locations. The service was slow, the staff was confused, and the order they gave us was wrong. The chicken was dried out, the rice was watery, and the meal lacked flavor. Pollo Tropical is usually on point, but this Palm Bay Pollo is way off. Drive the extra 3 miles to Chipotle if you want a superior rice bowl.
Food mediocre, dinning seating uncomfortable.
