We've been here ever since they opened. I'm not sure how they stay in business with such amazing prices. On the weekend, the buffet includes lobster, oysters, a wide variety of fresh and tasty sushi and sashimi, in addition to the hibachi grill and all the other standard Chinese buffet items. Excellent all around.
I first noticed this restaurant six months ago, randomly on a drive with my husband. I pointed out the sign, "Japanese Buffet," and I told him I wondered if that meant sushi or other Japanese cuisine served. I am glad that one day he decided to surprise me by driving in for a lunch! Some Chinese/Japanese Buffets have sushi and sashimi plated and out when you get there--but NO ONE is behind the sushi bar and there's no telling how old, or how fresh the sushi you are eating, is. In Dao, there are usually anywhere from 2-5 people working behind the Sushi bar (depending on busyness and demand), removing plates and making fresh sushi CONSTANTLY. There is an older fellow who, for the entire time we've gone who has literally ALWAYS been working there...And I suspect he may just be the owner or head sushi chef. The first time we went, he said hello, wait staff grabbed our drink orders and off we went. The second time we went, the older gentlemen behind the Sushi bar *recognized me,* and asked me what types of sushi I like eating the most. He surprised me by sending directly to my table my favorite: Tumaki (A sushi that is made of nori and shaped as a cone, meant to be eaten with hands) with tuna. And it was absolutely amazing. Now, whenever I go, I am always asked what I like and what I would like to try and they ALWAYS send me a small platter of sushi to my table and it's awesome! On a side note: so is all of their sushi awesome. You'll find --depending on the time and day--some:  Chutoro, Tsunamayo Maki, Maguro Nigiri, Sake Nigiri, Ebi Nigiri, Tekkamaki, California rolls, Unagi, Kamaboko Kani, Inarizushi, Tsunamayo Maki, Tobiko Nigiri and Spicy Tuna Maki. (Tuna, Salmon, Fake crab, Eel, Cooked Shrimp, I *think* flying fish roe, White fish--maybe Fluke? or Binnaga, ) There is *also* a small selection of hot-plate all you can eat chinese food. HOWEVER: *that* is NOT this restaurant's strong point. In fact, I do NOT recommend eating here for the all-you-can-eat chinese food and strongly advise to stick to the SUSHI. It's the reason why I gave it four out of five. If Dao ONLY served sushi, it would have gotten a five star rating. Unfortunately, their chinese food is very, very lacking and obviously poor quality. Their sesame chicken, for instance, comes across to me as nothing more than breaded pieces of chicken smothered in way-too-sweet ketchup! No, the star of the show at this restaurant is their sushi, and if you're a sushi nut like me you MUST try! At least once!
This place is on an inside corner of a strip mall on Malabar Road just west of I-95. Had the lunch buffet for under 10 bucks. The sushi selection was pretty good and taste fresh. The hot food selection was decent. They had a hibachi grill too. I was very satisfied with my lunch and hope to try their dinner selection next time I am in the area
Sushi was excellent. Lots of choices. Very fresh and tasty. $9.95 lunch buffet is off the hook good. Definitely worth twice as much. Will be back here next time I'm in Palm Bay.
I eat here often. I love the all you can eat sushi!
Love this place. I like the lunch service a little more than the dinner service. Not really fond of the cut up lobster but the sushi buffet is always so wonderful.  Can't wait to go back!! We have been here at least 6 times and we drive at least 15 miles. The price is great & if you ask the sushi chef to make a special for you, they will bring it to your table. Love eating here and I always use the coupon from the safari savings magazine. I come for the sushi and rarely eat the hot food. The veggie rolls are crispy and fresh and my hubby likes all the chicken choices.
Absolutely amazing sushi for the price. Wow. Waitstaff very nice. Also very clean. Huge selection for adults and kids. Jean was a wonderful waitress.
I usually have a no buffet rule when it comes to sushi, but after reading reviews I gave in and decided to try it for myself. The price of the lunch buffet simply cannot be beat. All of the sushi that I tried tasted wonderful and fresh. The Chinese food selection wasn't bad however I would primarily recommend this place when you're mostly in the mood for sushi and lots of it.
We went there today and they seem to be slipping a little.  There was hardly any sushi selections up and ready when we got there and they were having a hard time keeping up with the crowd.  The sushi seems to have more filler and less fish this time around.  I did ask to have a shrimp tempura roll made (gave them a $5 tip) and it was pretty good.  It's still a good deal.  We had two lunches and four beers and the bill was $34. (well $39 if you count my tip for the roll).
The sushi was really, really good with a great variety. They have a lot of talent and I was very impressed with the presentation as well. The hibachi grill also had a great variety of items to select. The regular buffet was just ok, nothing special. The bourbon chicken temperature was cool and the flavor bland. Some of the other items were good but nothing stood out as being exceptional. When I go back most of my attention will go to the sushi and hibachi, both of which were spectacular. I didn't try the ice cream but my buddy did and he said it was good. The price bumps up this rating to 4 stars - me and my buddy got out for about $20, something that never happens to us.
Most Buffets with Sushi do not meet the freshness test but Dao is really a great sushi restaurant for the price. I am not much on an Asian Buffet when there is good Sushi to be had, but the kids enjoy the hot food as well.
This place is awesome.  The restaurant staff is super friendly and nice.  There was great variety to the buffet.  They had four different soups, lots of veggies to choose from, hibachi grill (tell them not to add too much seasoning otherwise they will), desserts, ice cream, lots of seafood, and SuShi!!!!
Tonight, my friends and I went to there. We got there close to nine, and we just wanted to find a place to eat, even there is not enough food. We know this place getting closed, and we almost done. But the waitress ask again and again, like "do you still eat or not?" "When you gonna pay the bill?" "When you gonna leave?". She asked again and again. I got angry. And I restart to eating. She even told us "my boss said we need clean up now." I think they don't know what is service. There food is fine. But I don't like their attitude.
They couldn't keep up with the sushi demand. The buffet was almost empty during our dinner.
A good buffet. You cannot beat the lunch prices. A very good variety a different sushi rolls.
The buffet was typically of Japanese Buffets I've been to in the past.  The food was good.  The sushi was good and there was a great variety.  I did get oysters which I love, but had to fight with bits of shell in every bite.  The service was very attentive and good.  Almost 4 stars.
Here is where I had my first taste of fried blue crab, I fell in love. They have 3 sushi chefs center room making sushi open to close. The service is good and so are the prices. It gets extremely busy around 5 on the weekends, so you should get there early. It is however worth the wait should you decide to go after 5. Yet another place that I will miss now that I am living in Orlando. There is also a hibachi for made to order favorites, and a grand buffet. Enjoy!
Excellent sushi choices, the food is fresh and the seating area is clean. I think this place is the best buffet place around.
This was absolutely fantastic. We have been to many Japanese buffets and this is by far the best!! It was also the cheapest. We walked in and there was so many different choices of sushi. I don't like sushi but my son does and he said it was fresh and fantastic. They had other dishes as well. I don't usually have many choices of food but I was able to fill my plate. The food tasted great and was hot and fresh. I wish I lived in the area because I would definitely return again and again.
Just what palm bay needed! Everything is fresh and wide range in selection. i just happened to google Sushi and this came up. Will be a big hit in the area! buffet was $15 well worth spent!
I was coming out of post office on my way home to make something to eat and so the "Grand Opening" Sign and even though I was not even dress properly to go to a restaurant I could not resist .... I opened the door and to my amazement the was a huge selection of sushi just a few feet away. They told me they were preparing for dinner so I decided to go ahead and try it....The quality and selection of sushi is awesome. I tried a piece of each roll they had. They were all superb... Their salmon, tuna, white fish sashimi was out of this world!  I tried a couple of hand rolls one was sea eel...I could have liked my fingers but my parents told me that was not good etiquette. This place is just 2 miles from home I hope they continue serving this quality of food and it is not the "Grand Opening Fad" that most restaurant go through. I only have tosay I will be back sometime this week... I have to have some oysters and crabs that saw but could not try due to the fact I was very satisfied!
Got a coupon in the mail announcing the grand opening and decided to give this place a shot. I was satisfied with almost everything. The sushi was great, good variety, and the main reason for the 4-stars. I personally don't like cream cheese in my sushi and many of their rolls had it, but there were plenty of other choices and the fish portions were better than other buffets I've been to in the area. I sampled the hot dishes as well and they were average. The coupon advertised Maine lobster but the offering was disappointing, mostly just pieces of body and legs, not even worth trying to pick through. The snow crab legs were so-so, cold of course and the meat was kind of mushy.  The hibachi grill looked good with steak, shrimp, etc but we didn't have the room to try it. The decor was very nice (including the restrooms) and the waitstaff was very nice and attentive with drink refills and plate clearing.
