I don't know why I haven't written a review yet. Maybe it's because I've been too busy eating at Michelli's. I think I have had almost everything on their menu and have never been disappointed. The owners Michelle and Eddie really care about their customers. If you have been there before you are greeted by name. The service staff is amazing in remembering what you regularly order and anything special you request. Just recently I had them cater my father's memorial. All afternoon people were complimenting the food. I was told that three people called Michelli's that night to say how good everything was. One person went the very next day for a sausage peppers onions and mushrooms hero. Michelli's had become my home away from home. Great food and great people to make and serve it to you Yes, Friday nights can be crazy so plan ahead. But it is a testament to ending there.
I was recently in Florida vacationing and spent a day on the coast before heading back toward Orlando. I found this place via Yelp and thought I'd give it a try. The staff was so kind and helpful. I ordered the mediterranean pizza and it was ready in about 25 minutes. I thought I'd take it in my car back to Orlando and eat it there...but the pizza smelled so good I couldn't wait. I dove into a slice or two on the drive and OH MY GOSH. DELICIOUS!!!! I'm not even a fan of onions and artichokes, but I just wolfed it all down and it was fabulous! Not too greasy or anything. Great thin crust and intense flavor! I brought the pizza home for my sister--I anticipated her picking off the veggies and all, but she thought it was perfect and delicious too! (And she's a picky eater...) Wish this place was in Austin, TX! It was delicious!
We were on our way home from Miami and decided to stop for lunch. Pizza and wings are excellent!! Bathrooms spic and span clean. So glad we stopped!!
This place not only has the best Italian in Palm Bay/Melbourne, they also have the best service. After my boyfriend and I were told by friends to check this place out, we've been back once a week ever since. Their dinner special for two (ziti or stuffed shells) is our usual, but their pizza is out of this world too. They have the best tomato sauce I've ever had, and their portions are very generous. They treat you like family and are always friendly and up beat. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for delicious Italian food.
Excellent food.  Probably the best pizza in the Melbourne/Palm Bay area.  Also has the best buffalo chicken sandwich (Ed's Favorite) I've ever had.  The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because the delivery wait time is typically 1 hour to 1:30 hours.  They tell you this over the phone so it's not unexpected, but I'd order so much more often if it was 30-45 minutes like other places.
I went to eat here based on the reviews and what other people had told me about this place. Not bad not great. Have been here a few times and every time the food has been mediocre. Honestly I have had better pizza from the cafe at SAM's club. Every time I Ieave here I ask myself why I paid $6.00 for two bland paper thin slices of pizza..
I live in Ocala, but I am in Melbourne every week.  I make sure to order from Michelli's  every Sunday when I am in town.  I waited to post a review so that I could try a few different menu items.  As far as the pizza goes, it's a tie between The New Yorker and The Michelli's.  I have also had the jumbo wings which are amazing, nice and crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Bottom line everything in Michelli's is fantastic, you just have to figure out what you're in the mood for. If you choose to have it delivered (as I do) expect about an hour to an hour and a half wait time.  This should be viewed as a positive thing,  Michelli's is always very busy which should be an indicator of just how good the food is.  When my food arrives to my home it is still hot, every single time! My personal favorites which are always a part of my weekly order include: a house salad, an order of the garlic cheese bread and a side of the made to order Alfredo  sauce, which is only around 2.50 for a 2 oz cup, and don't forget an order of the jumbo wings 10-20 depending on apatite, I like the mild garlic sauce.   Try Michelli's for yourself and don't forget to tip your drivers if you order delivery and if you dine in or pick up, make sure you tip in house as well.
I ordered a large cheese pizza and a order of garlic knots.. It was my first time ordering there and was looking forward to a real NY style pizza.. It was a fri evening and I do understand its a busier night.. A hour and 40 min later it arrived.. The pizza was burnt on areas and room temp.. The garlic knots were refrigerator cold! I called to complain and was told the knots are made in the morning then packed up and put away till you order then it goes with your order.. REALLY?? I spoke with 2 different women and both acting like they didnt understand why I was upset! I didnt swear or even yell but did expect decent customer service! I own a business myself and would NEVER ignore a concern regarding my product! Will NEVER order again!
Excellent pizza and great garlic teriyaki wings. The hardest part is waiting for time to past after you have placed the order.
Yep, still 5 stars. I just HAD to update that thier Popeye Pizza is absolutely fantastic. It includes: Ricotta, Spinach, tomato, garlic, and mozz. and it isn't the least bit greasy. Love love LOVE IT!
Great pizza! I don't get up there very often but when I am down in that area I try to make a point to go in a grab a slice. I've had their pizzas (all types) and their chicken parm roll, along with a few side items. Their garlic knots are fantastic, and their chiken parm roll hits the spot for me. Their pizza is fabulous, highly recommend!
Family running the place treat mine like their own. Thanks guys. Oh and the food tastes awesome as well.Stayed open for my pick up order tonight. It does make a difference to your patrons. Thank You
First visit here, had dinner on a weeknight, the original plan was carry out but we ended up eating there, the waitress quickly set up our table when we changed our minds. Got the Popeye pizza, spinach and cheese, etc. It was tasty, could have used a touch more salt and garlic in my opinion. Garlic knots were pretty good too. I look forward to trying other menu items.
For palm bay, the best. Friendly owners. I remember when they first opened and I would walk over every day for a slice of pizza. I would tell all my friends to give it a try and now this is the only place we will all go! I used them for my daughters 2cd bday..the eggplant pizza was good! If you are just having friends or family over...perfect place to order from. If you are having it delivered ..have cash.  The stuffed shells are yummy! And pretty decent salads too.  Just all around a nice place and great food. Priced fairly also.
Best Italian food in Palm Bay! Hands down!! Look forward to eating there! The homemade meatballs are outstanding!
The garlic knots were dry, the pizza was ok but nothing special and as a bonus I got really sick a few hours later.
