Delicious for both lunch and dinner. Their jerk chicken is out of this world, it is a must try!! They offer a cheaper lunch plate (~$6) and bigger versions for dinner for $10-$12.
Visiting from California. Initially wanted to order oxtail but there wasn't any so we ordered jerk pork and curry chicken with white rice/lentils and cabbage. Both very tasty. Decor is very cute and we had nice mellow reggae music in the background. If I'm ever in the area again, I'd come check it out again!
Great place for lunch! We had the fruit punch (very rich, authentic jamaican staple) with oxtail and curry chicken. Both very good. Oxtail was tender and flavorful and curry had just the right amount of kick. Both dishes came with rice and peas (also authentic, love it) and cooked cabbage. Portions for the price were very good. Good service and atmosphere (at least for the location). Loved the 80's and 90's top 40 they were playing. I will definately be back!
Excellent hidden Jamaican restaurant in south Brevard County.  I had the Jerk Chicken and Oxtail.  The rice and peas are amazing! Definitely come in and check it out.
Found this place by accident and WOW! Are we glad we did. Amazing jerk chicken, ox tail, an rice and beans! They have a fresh made hot sauce that uses scotch bonnet peppers that is out of this world. This is a new favorite for us! Found this place by accident a WOW! Are we glad we did. Amazing jerk chicken, ox tail, an rice and beans! They have a fresh made hot sauce that uses scotch bonnet peppers that is out of this world. This is a new favorite for us!
What a great find! We happened by here for lunch after trying to find some other place. The food was delicious. The three of us each had a lunch plate consisting of an entree, rice, and cabbage. We tried the Chicken Curry, Jerk Chicken, and Oxtail - all were fantastic. Soup of the day was an equally delicious chicken soup. The slightly sweet fried plantains made a nice side and were a pretty generous portion. If you like spicy, try the hot sauce (made with several different types of chiles) and the Ginger Punch - both were tasty and very spicy.
Montego's Cafe is as good as eating in a charming, tropical paradise restaurant in Jamaica. I haven't been there for a long while and the food, atmosphere and friendly dining experience were great. The smoked turkey soup, jerk chicken and rice with peas were perfectly spiced. We will be back.
We were told about this place and are so glad we went. Best Jamaican food ever. We will return again. Had the curry chicken which was excellent and the rice and peas were the best. Great prices and friendly service on top of the great food.
The ox tail was great. Even the fat was flavorful, like the cartilage bits in a good pho. The jerk chicken is smoked prior to being seasoned - we almost bought another order to take home. If you like spicy, get their fire sauce. They also sell bottles to take with you.
