Ok, so we decided to give them one more chance for lunch. I'm glad we did - it was like a completely different restaurant. Several months have passed since our last visit, and apparently they've been hard at work cleaning house and fine tuning their controls. Our first two visits were within their first 3 months of business, so it's understandable for a new restaurant, even a chain, to go through its growing pains - so long as they make an effort to manage their negative feedback and use it as lessons learned to make their customers' experience better. No missteps by Longhorn this time around. The hostess was right there and seated us immediately, our server was friendly and very attentive, and the manager casually circulated through the restaurant to check on every table's experience without being intrusive. Service was fast and drinks were accurate and refilled at just the right time. The bread was warm and tasty (a plus - a couple of other places in town serve it cold), my wife's half grilled chicken sandwich and chili were delicious and done perfectly, and my bleu cheese burger was prepared exactly the way I ordered it - cooked right, juicy and full of flavor. The portions were just right - food so good there was barely a crumb left on our plates, but enough that we weren't still hungry after we left. Congratulations Longhorn, you have officially redeemed yourselves. It takes a lot to turn around the issues we saw before into a 5-star experience - keep up the good work. We can't wait to come back to THIS Longhorn again soon!
Food was good, store is nice inside. I'm very happy. But because our server wasn't that great in giving them a 4 star. The manager was doing a better job then our server. It was pretty coo.
Dinner at a steakhouse but neither us had steak. I had chicken and he had fish. Both were equally delicious, but the bread might be our favorite part! Also, we split the Mountain Top Cheesecake with strawberries on top and couldn't even finish it! Amazing flavor, but very rich. Service was top notch too! Good job, Longhorns!
We have visited several Longhorn's in Florida and Southern Alabama. We have never had a negative experience with the service, the product, or the price. They did remove one of our favorites from their menu (Santa Fe Stuffed Shrimp) but that's the way life goes I guess. If you are looking for consistently great steak go with the Flo's Filet, if you like Seafood you will be amazed at how good their Lobster tails are. Great food served in an unpretentious atmosphere. We have paid a lot more, for a lot less, at other supposedly 'fine' restaurants.
Longhorn does a pretty good job for a chain restaurant.  The restaurant is pretty, the service is adequate, and the food is good.   My steak was cooked correctly, my mashed potatoes were yummy, and my glass was never empty.  The manager came by and introduced himself which was a nice touch.  I joined the Longhorn Club prior to dinner and used my coupon for a free appetizer (Wild West Shrimp) which were okay.  The shrimp were a  little on the small side but it was free.  We sat at a table on this visit because we had little monsters in tow, but my preferred place to sit is at the bar.  The bar area is done very nicely and has a few TV's for us sports addicts.
I am not a fan of the bread. They do not cut it all the way through and it is usually too dry/crusty for my taste. Dislike. And that is the only complaint I can make about the food. The steaks are great. I also love the parmesan crusted chicken. The bananas foster is out of this world. The service is fine, nothing special but nothing to complain about either. I have been here several times and like keep coming back. Perfect is you want a great steak (or parmesan crusted chicken!) and don't mind paying just a little extra for it.
LongHorn is our favorite steakhouse.  We lived in California for almost 2 years and when we relocated to Melbourne it was nice to see there was a LongHorn.  We missed it.  This local LongHorn has great service and food as usual.
My fiance and I had dinner here the other evening. We are excited that it is right across the street from our new house. The decor is adorable our waiter was FANTASTIC!! I ordered the perfect strawberry margarita with a candy stick. DELICIOUS. The bread was quite terrific! My caesar salad was huge. Nom nom nom. My parmesan crusted chicken was creamy, cheesy and basically an orgasm in my mouth. The manager was wonderful she checked on every table. Can't wait to come here again!!
My wife and I go there every couple months, its about as high class as we like to get. I usually get the filet or chicken tenders and my wife likes the steak and shrimp and I can say that we have not been disappointed. Give it a try.
Went in for an anniversary dinner the server suggested the Wild West Shrimp appetizer it was neither wild or west, lackluster shrimp would be a better name. It left this weird tasting film in our mouths. I ordered the Flo's Filet medium well and my partner ordered a New York strip medium well. My steak was more medium rare and his steak was burnt. When they brought my steak back I felt like they just threw it in the microwave. The service was excellent, the waitress was very friendly. The manager did comp our meal for the problems and offered a free dessert. Over all the food was horrbile but the service was good. On a positive note my dogs really enjoyed the steaks lol
Great food and service very clean.
I took my mom here for lunch and she really enjoyed her meal. I have to commend our waiter, Lance. He was everything a waiter should be (rare these days) a gentleman, informative ,  we wanted or waited for nothing, he was aware and on the ball!
Probably the cleanest Longhorn steakhouse I have ever been in. Our server Jessica was OUTSTANDING!  Very personable and engaging. She was attentive and professional.  She really knew how to suggestive sell the menu options.  I had a boring lunch of a Caesar salad with a side of broccoli and a mound of fresh limes for my dressing! wink wink Jessica! It was AMAZING! The freshest I have ever had. My co worker had a salad and both of us were truly amazed at the freshness of the food items. The manager popped over to ask if everything was good and we assured him it was impeccable from the service to the food to the cleanliness of the restaurant. Great job team Longhorn in W Melbourne, Fl!  See you again soon!  :)
I will probably never go to another steak restaurant again after going to Longhorn. The food is awesome , the service is excellent and everyone is so nice there. I do think the prices are a little high but the food is really good .
I've been to this  Longhorn in the past and liked it. On this trip i was not disappointed. The burger is juicy,  fries are crisp, sweet tea is very good but they let my glass get below half full. Good service.
Visited this restaurant on Saint Patrick's Day. Man they were packed but... The food is awesome and this Longhorn Steakhouse was CLEAN !!!! They were very friendly, the food came fast and the waitress was awesome. My wife and I were even surprised when the Main Manager came to our table to ask us how the service and food was. She was very attentive to our answers unlike some other restaurants where they just ask to ask it seems. Again this restaurant was packed at the time we went which was around supper time. The service was 5 Stars. While we were eating, one of the server's delivering drinks to a table across from us had an accident. The server dropped a few drinks into one of the female patrons lap. They were very apologetic and did everything to justify the incident. Not only did the above Main Manger come out to address the incident, but also the supervisor over the waiters/waitress if that was that persons job description came out. The water was cleaned up in less than five minutes and the disruption was mostly missed by all. If this is a new restaurant they are doing a great job. I just hope they stick with their service and never fail as other larger restaurant chains have.
