I like the the touchscreen menu..
Yep, it's Chili's.  This place is a part of our standard restaurant eating rotating when we visit my grandpa in the area.  We end up eating here at least once while we're visiting and it's always pretty tasty.   Its what you;d expect from a Chili's - standard menu, good service, and quick refills.  Parking lot is huge so you're never in need of a space and there's tons of handicapped spaces for all the old people in the area.   I've been here at least 10 times and it's always OK.  Worth going since you know what you're getting in to.
Hi Everyone, So today my family and I had lunch at Chili's, we were happy  to walk up and have the door opened for us by the manager as we were  greeted with a smile and immediately  directed to our table that was seated for 6 (thankfully we had a family of 5), as we were seated by our lovely waitress we were asked what beverages we would like to drink while we  look over the menu, she had our drinks out to us within 2 minutes. Our waitress waited for us to look over the menu then very respectfully interrupted to ask if we were ready to order, we all placed our orders and our food was out in about 15 minutes, everything looked and smelled wonderful, but my mother in laws order was not correct so of coarse it had to be sent back.  The waitress was very nice and offered her a new meal but that was not necessary, the waitress respected her wishes and proceeded to her job. As we were waiting for our bill the manager approached us and apologized to my mother in law for the incorrect meal and offered to remake the meal the correct way or even make her  something else, but as said before it honestly was not necessary. My advice to this specific restaurant is to be more specific on their menu's so next time it will be easier for someone else to understand what they are ordering.
We have been here twice in the last couple of months.  Great service and good food both times. Food was served quickly and hot. Better than previous experience a few years ago. Will will be back.
I am not a chili's fan since I ate a salad one time and the chicken was processed ( confirmed by the manager).  However, I continue to go take my parents as they know everyone there and it is one of their favorite places to go. My mom ordered the sweet and spicy chicken and my Dad the oldtimer burger. They both had several sets of drinks and I had soup.  Cheap date overall, $37.58!!
Two for One drinks?!?!?! I love it! Probably the real reason why I come to Chili's.  The food is alright, the queso is always a favorite (I try to pick around the ground beef).  I'm also a fan of their quesadillas. Makes for a lovely pre-drink or catch-up spot.
I have been here several times and always enjoy it. Friendly staff, good food. Would recommend to a friend. I somehow got on an email lest that constantly has me going back for free appatisers, which is just fine by me!
Great service here, even though we went during one of the busier times of the day.  Love, love, LOVE the queso at Chili's, even more than the 2-for-1 drinks --- which is saying a lot.  Shared the $20 Dinner for Two with my Mom, and I can't say enough good things about the 6 oz. Sirloin --- yum!  She also enjoyed her Bacon Ranch Chicken Quesedillas, especially dipped in the aforementioned queso.  I highly recommend doing the Dinner for Two ... lots of options at an excellent price.
Chili's. Great for what it is compared to Applebees etc food wise. Good service
Went here for drinks and it was absolutely disgusting. The server had the nerve to say "Well they are house drinks." You should serve nasty things to people and give that kind of excuse
Love this Chili's!  Food is always good and hot and the service is quick too!
