I've been coming to this park since I was able to stand.   My parents would take me here with bread to feed the ducks when I was younger. It's small park with a water fall right in the middle. Very calming and relaxing. Also a great place for wedding and prom pictures. Very well kept clean park.
If you don't know, now you know! Glen Park doesn't seem to be the hidden gem it once was. Now its a popular gem! The town smartened up and put a parking lot so folks can get out and enjoy. Ponds, waterfalls, rushing rapids, and plenty or spots to sit an enjoy. I don't know if I'd be brave enough to eat the fish being caught, but this is a great place to sit and gather your thoughts.
Beautiful park in the middle of the already pretty village of williamsville. Great play to kill a couple hours with kids. The falls are pretty to look and there's a couple little ponds full of ducks and turtles. Plenty of trails for exploring. We live going on Saturday and stopping at the farmers market after
This park is situated in the town of Williamsville, NY.  It was really cute.  We came here twice since the kids could run around the trails and enjoy the water. This river was insane the first day we went here.  It had rained for a few days prior and the water was over-flowing.  It made the waterfalls look all wild and rough.  It's a nice river though.  There were people fly fishing in it too.
Stumbled upon Glen park just by walking in the area. Absolutely love it. Very peaceful and calming. Amazing view. Cant wait to see it in the spring time.
Glen Park is a beautiful little park to enjoy splendid views.   It's located right off Main St. in Williamsville and is a great location to bring a loved one or to go alone and enjoy the solitude. There's not much to do in terms of hiking here, but if you're looking to spend some low-key time lounging around with breathtaking, peaceful surroundings: make Glen Park a destination. Here you will see ducks frolic, couples making out and older folk going for walks. I came here with my girlfriend and we enjoyed spending a few hours taking pictures and gawking down the waterfall. Sure, there's Niagara Falls and Letchworth, but Glen Park is a hidden little gem in the suburbs that doesn't require much travelling. If you're hanging out around this part of the Buffalo suburbs, swing on by!
We discovered this place while visiting the Williamsville Farmer's Market (another gem in its own right) over the summer. Glen Park is a small little slice of land tucked behind Main Street. Complete with a flowing  creek and waterfall, the park is dotted with benches, paths, ponds, and a few areas ripe for exploration. The place gets pretty busy in the summer for obvious reasons, but it doesn't take away from the quaint and fun atmosphere the park offers. It's for these reasons that I instantly fell in love with the place, and also why I believe it is potential wet dream (no pun intended) for photographers. Every time I've visited with my photo gear, I've always spotted at least one or two other photographers setting their gear up, or in the midst of a shoot. One time, I was even asked by a young group of hipster youths to snap a photo for their band (I am 100% not making this up...this actually happened out of the blue) in front of one of the park's benches. All in, Glen Park is a jewel of Williamsville, and should be visited at every opportunity.
Coming across this park was a nice surprise.  There is a nice little water fall and pathways to walk and run throughout.  There were several beer cans scattered around when I went this past weekend but other than that the area looked fairly maintained.  I wish the area was a little bit bigger.  There were a lot of people around, couples exercising together, little kids running around and solos like myself taking pictures.  Nice place to stop for a little while.
Super cute park tucked in the middle of downtown Williamsville. When I went to school in the area, I used to come here all the time to walk along the cute stone paths, dabble in retrospection, and devour a tasty picnic lunch. Now when I go back and stare at the waterfall too long I get all emo and nostalgic ;) Not the biggest park around, but so convenient to get to, and remarkably quiet given its proximity to nearby businesses and restaurants.
A beautiful little park tucked away just off Main Street in Williamsville.  Gorgeous walking paths take you right along side the waterfall.  Many couples come here for wedding day pics.  Duckies and nature abound in this quaint urban  oasis.
This park is located in Willaimsville, which I was really surprised to find how close it was to Main St. The falls are so lovely here, and you don't even need to hike to it. There's a pond for ducks, and plenty of active runners and families enjoying the park. There's an easy hiking trail that follows the falls down across the street as well. Very easy to follow and good for beginner hikers.
Nice place for a walk. Beautiful waterfall that is a hot spot for wedding photos
