I had a work lunch here and it was so good! I am not a chinese food expert (I kind of think any 'americanized' chinese food I've had is amazing) but the food at this restaurant was obviously much better than a take out place. Granted, I've only had a chance to experience lunch, there was no one else in the restaurant at the time. We were sat next to the most powerful air conditioning (brrrrrrrrr!) and what I believe was a Kenny G compilation was playing. The tea to start the meal off was awesome and a great "mood-setter." The egg drop soup was soooo creamy and good! (I usually prefer wonton but it wasn't on the menu so I'm glad I tried something new). I got orange beef and it wasn't really as spicy as I usually find orange beef to be but the flavor was awesome. My co worker got a shrimp dish that had hot peppers and peanuts (also really good) and another co worker got a huge plate of lo mien. Great lunch specials, I can't wait to try back for dinner :)
I'm from Flushing, NY, but I've also lived in the Capital District for several years.  I would have to say that I never had good Chinese food in the Albany area until now.  When I arrived, most of the customers in the restaurant were Asian.. that's how I knew this was the real deal.  The food was excellent!  Just as good as some of the restaurants in Flushing (if not better).  When I'm in Albany and I want Chinese food, this is where I will go from now on. Only 3 stars because... restaurant is small, parking is very limited, and ambiance needs some work.  Given the growing Chinese population in the Capital region, this restaurant should be bigger.  I was there for a weekday lunch, and the place was overcrowded.
I would like to rate this restaurant 1 star. My reasons for doing so would be entirely selfish though! (I like having my own secret private getaway.) It is hands down the best Chinese restaurant in the Capital District. I often go there for lunch, and I get a complete meal for less than $10, which I would pay at Chipotle. All of the food is fresh and deeply authentic, unlike the Americana Chinese take out joints most are accustom. (Although they offer Kung Po and General Tso's chicken) I wish their dim sum was better, but I would not trade it by diminishing and other dish. The double cooked pork is absolutely superb, and the braised beef knuckles with baby bok choi represent everything great great about Chinese cuisine - gelatinous meat with layers of sweet, spicy and savory, offset and complimented with bitter and crisp veggies. The fish with brown sauce is other worldly - tender fish cooked just the right amount. The presentation also reminds me why the Chinese do food in an elite fashion. The chefs are artists who force me to vandalize my lunch! In fact, I have yet to eat here and walk away with real criticism, and I'm a fairly picky eater. They also offer brown rice, but I always go authentic. They also do the only authentic peking duck I've seen in the Capital District - table side deconstruction of the duck, whose pieces are wrapped in hand size rice wraps and hoisin sauce.   If there was one thing I would change it would be the soup offerings for lunch. They offer a hot and sour, and egg drop soup - both get old easily. The apps are inexpensive and good - homemade dumplings and gyoza make for a good change of pace, although they cannot replace the soup offerings so you'll spent a few more bucks.
Found the best Chinese restaurant in the Albany area. excellent soup dumplings and dim sum choices.
I have been looking for a good Chinese Restaurant since moving to the Capital Region from Long Island. I was hoping, after reading the reviews for Ala Shanghai that there was such a place. Not happening. What a disappointment. My husband ordered the sweet and sour chicken. It was chunks of chicken that wasn't trimmed properly so there pieces of fat on the meat. The chicken was just ok taste wise but very dry which made eating the rice a chore. I had the vegetarian chicken with black fungus. Whole Foods has better vegetarian chicken. What ever product they used has a very unpleasant texture and lack flavor. It too was dry making the rice difficult to eat. We will continue our search. Or maybe give up.
All I have to say is SOUP DUMPLINGS!  They are the best in the area.  For those of you not familiar with them . . . the soup is inside the dumpling. There is an art to eating them so look up on youtube how to eat them (yes, there are multiple youtube videos on the topic!) or ask the staff.  If you bite into them right out of the kitchen, you will burn your mouth. My preferred method of eating them is to pick them up with the chop sticks and place them on the spoon you are provided with.  I bite (more like nibble) a little hole in the top of the dumpling very carefully so as to not burn myself.  Let it cool for a second and then slurp the soup out of the dumpling.  Sometimes I will put a little of the vinegar dipping sauce on it at this point and then if it seems cool enough, eat the rest of the dumpling.  There are other methods such as poking a hole in the dumpling with a chopstick.  But I find the way I do it, I waste very little of the flavorful soup.  I can only suggest that if you have trouble with your chosen technique with the first order, then order another serving and try again. They do a dish that I believe is called spicy fish belly.  This means it is the mid section of a buffalo carp, NOT actually the stomach.  It is a bit boney, but the sauce is incredible. They also do a traditional Shanghai style rice and vegetable with pork belly that is not on the menu and is fantastic, but takes about 5 hours to prepare.  Just remember to call the order in about 5 or 6 hours before you plan on dinning. Went back last night with 2 other people and had ordered the Shanghai rice and veg with pork belly ahead of time to share with one of the people (the other person is vegan and will not eat it because it has pork in it). So two of us shared it and had multiple helpings.  After eating all of that we did there was still enough left for the two of us to each bring a good size container of the rest of it home.  Will be dinner for me tonight.  It currently costs under $20 and is well worth it. I also tried something new from the chef's specialties that I had not had before.  Sizzling Lamb and Scallion.  Saw the waiter serve it to someone else before we ordered.  The waiter walked by and I could here the food sizzling on the serving dish and it smelled so good.  I am not a huge fan of lamb because it is often fatty and chewy.  However, this was great.  Not fatty or chewy at all.  Was lightly coated  Sa Cha sauce and very tender.  I enjoyed it very much They have several vegetarian/vegan options such as veg sausage and I believe either veg duck or chicken.  If you have questions, the owner and several of the waiters actually know what vegan is and they are happy to let you know if an item is vegan or if they can make it vegan.  We order the vegetarian sausage and hot pepper often and they are kind enough to adjust the dish for us so there is more sweet pepper than hot pepper.  All we have to do is ask. For Can't say enough nice things about the owner and his staff, they will go out of their way to make your experience the best possible!  Make reservations on Friday and Saturday nights.
Exceptional food and service. This restaurant would be a star in New York or San Francisco. The Peking Duck is as good as the reviews claim as are the fried fish specials, soup dumplings, and (in season) the luffa squash.
We were driving back down from Boston (from a day looking at colleges there for our nephew) and did a Yelp search for some good chinese food (my father-in-law only eats Chinese).  After seeing 4 1/2 stars from over 100 people (which is very unusual for any place) we were intrigued enough to take a small detour enroute back down to NYC.  Upon entering the restaurant we noticed a very crowded location and most were Asian.  Now, as a person of Chinese descent, it says a lot when most of the patrons are also Chinese.  We were seated relatively promptly and looked at the menu.  They even have Chinese language menus which shows that they must be pretty serious in also catering to that crowd too. We ended up getting a ton of REAL authentic shanghainese dishes - some that you don't even get in NYC or Flushing.  Every single thing was beyond expectations to the point where I can honestly say that it is one of the top Chinese (not just Shanghainese) restaurants around the east coast.  We eat all the time in NYC, Flushing, Hong Kong (yes I travel there often) and I'm just floored.  After speaking to the owners, I did find out the numerous chefs are all direct from Shanghai - so that explains the food experience.  The reviews here very accurately depict the quality of food, prompt service as well as culinary expertise this restaurant exudes.  If you look at my past reviews, you don't see me so excited about this gem of a find.  Too bad I live so far away - otherwise I would come here so much more often. If you are a Albany student - don't hesitate to drive a little further than your local chinese restaurants as you really don't know what you are missing if you have never visited here.  The reviews say best in the Capital/Albany region but if you frequent NYC you would expand the geographical area to include Ala Shanghai in. As with everyone else reviewed, the soup dumplings are absolutely delicious.  I have always considered (as well as most of the world) Din Tai Fung's Xiolungbao (soup dumplings) in Taiwan and Hong Kong are my top choice but I have to seriously say this restaurant rivals the taste and quality.  That really says a lot.  The skin is very thin but chewy but not overcooked.  The meat inside is slightly loose, not too large - just the right size, and the soup is very tasty BUT not very fatty.
I am surprised that not all of these reviews are 5 stars!! This is as good as it gets, truly. I used to live in NYC, often venturing out to Flushing, Chinatown, Sunset Park, etc. This place was as good if not BETTER than anything I've had in New York. I'd be willing to go as far as saying it is the best Chinese food I've ever had, and I'm shocked that I found it in Latham. Who knew?! I went with my family last night and we ordered soup dumplings, pork and leek dumplings, and vegetable dumplings - all were delicious. Again, so surprised somewhere in the capital region has authentic soup dumplings - and delicious ones at that! we also ordered the Peking duck, which was brought to our table, expertly sliced up table-side, and arranged onto the steamed bread with scallions and sauce. We devoured the whole plate in less than two minutes. We also got shrimp lo-mein (delicious, a lot like hibachi style) and scallops with baby bok choy which was absolutely amazing. The scallops were huge and melted in your mouth like butter. Everything was cooked perfectly. I really can't recommend this place enough. You will not be disappointed.
I definitely have to say that this place has some of the best Chinese food in the Capital region area. Their Peking Duck is to die for! It's usually best to order when you have at least 4 people in your dining party. They bring the duck out and prepare it table-side. My other favorite dish is their pan-fried noodles. They use thinner noodles so their dish comes out crisp to perfection. Love their orange chicken as well. Their tofu dishes as well as all their other vegetarian dishes are amazing as well, so there is definitely something for everyone in your group. We keep on heading back again and again!
Great Service! Great food! Good ambiance and decor! I recommend the pork soup dumplings and the seafood shu mai. Kind of pricier but these two dishes are worth it I promise. My boyfriend and I tried the jumbo shrimp with honey glazed walnut which wasn't that great. So we're probably going to stick with the usual. We are always greeted happily by a waiter who already knows what we're going to order which is nice. Recommend for the service and food!
My original review needs an update for the impressive job Ala Shanghai did by hosting a 13 person party last night for people of mixed culinary persuasions (or lack thereof) ranging from conservative to adventurous.  The menu had something for everyone. Highlights of our amazing meal included: Whole Peking Duck shaved at the table for you and put into a steamed bun with fresh and diced scallion and cucumber and savory Hoisin sauce.  This was divine. Stewed Pork belly (Tong-Po) stewed for hours.  It was tender as butter.  Delicious. Fish (carp) Belly with Chili sauce was also amazing.  The sauce could have been more spicy, but it was great over our bowl of steamed rice.  Just be careful with all the small bones which are hard to see covered with the sauce. The Cold Sesame noodle appetizer was also a welcome addition with a different texture and temperature than our other dishes. And who could not forgot Ala Shanghai's star dim sum - authentic Shanghai-style steamed Pork soup dumplings - the best (and only?) in the area. Fantastic meal.  Great service. A well-earned 5 star establishment.
This is as good as Albany gets! The epitome of my trip summed up to this meal. A small restaurant in size, but still roomy with a good Chinese restaurant atmosphere. These two dishes are the ones anyone could live off of for the rest of their lives. Soup Dumplings: comparable to Joe's Shanghai in NYC Chinatown. Beautifully done. Green onion pancakes: nice crunch with good flavor. A tad bit greasy, but I live life on the daring side. You should too. It is well worth it.
Really this place was much better a few years ago.  I stopped by this place Last month and ordered seafood fried rice and beef with scallion. Both were so small portions and beef with scallion didn't come with white rice. Tastes were just like avg Chinese take out. If I pay that much $$&, I would go to Amazing Wok and get lg house special fried rice and go to New Panda and get beef with scallion.
This is a review of the service only. I landed at 845pm in Albany and made it to this restaurant at 928pm.  The host rudely looked at his watch and informed me , again rudely, that they closed at 10.  That was enough for me, so I walked out.
This place is awesome.  Reminiscent of busy restaurants in a large city Chinatown but with more Caucasian customers.  Quick service and always open. I'm going back to this place any chance i get!!
Amazing. This place is a gem of authentic Chinese (Shanghai) food in the Capital Region. I grew up with Americanized Chinese fast food and this was a great experience for my losing my culinary virginity. Anyone who hasn't had Chinese besides takeout should really try Ala. I have tried two dishes, both highly recommended: - Eel with brown sauce. The server said this was very authentic Shanghai style, and it was good. Rich sauce, small slices of eel in a big heap (very tender). - Even better: fish with spicy broth (F15 on the menu). This is one of their hottest dishes, but so good. The broth is incredible and the fish (flounder IIRC) has the best "crispiness" to the outside (considering it is in a soup). I looked up the name of the dish, and believe it is "Shui Zhu Yu Pian" -- do an image search. I really recommend coming with a lot of people so you can order a few things and see what you like. I am pleased to say that some of the milder dishes like General Tsou's are still very good for people are want to stick with that -- it was very crispy and not fatty like a lot of takeout. Finally, try the Chinese Rice Wine, pretty dang good. Hard to describe, but it is warm and sort of like a combination of sake and whiskey.
If someone told me such an outstanding Chinese restaurant was hiding less than 1 mile from the Latham Circle, I wouldn't have believed it. Well, I guess I should eat my hat because this place is awesome! After my family and I returned from a 3 week trip to China, we found ourselves craving stir fried veggies and such. We walked in at 6pm on a Friday and didn't have to wait for a table. We ordered the following: cucumber salad, scallion pancake, veggie lo mein, and eggplant with garlic. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and hot, I wouldn't change a thing! Two tips: 1) stuff comes out pretty greasy, so you should ask them to use less oil w/ your order. 2) ask for extra scallions in your scallion pancakes - they came out a little light on the onion/scallion flavor.
Absolutely amazing authentic regional Chinese cuisine. Refined. Highly flavorful. The servers here are the very best. Professional,  not a detail or need missed- gracious, knowledgable. This cuisine is NOT average, Americanized, cheap excuse for Chinese food. I had an amazing soup w chunks of tender Flounder, cellophane noodles, bok Choy, chilie oil- it was rich, layered flavor, spicy but not just heat, garlicky, colorful.....perfect. Clean, eclectic interior. Intimate. Very difficult to get in for dinner- lunch is easier. Private small parking lot.
The BEST Chinese food and the BEST service! Where do I begin?! AUTHENTIC! I've lived in China for 4 years.  This is the most authentic Chinese food I've had since moving back to the US.  Plus they have really good "American Chinese" food which is great because I can bring less adventurous friends and family with me and everyone can get what they like.   CLEAN! Personally, if the food is great, I don't mind a dirty, hole in the wall type Chinatown dim sum restaurant.  With that said, I do prefer a clean space with nice smelling restrooms.  However, for my family- this is an absolute must.  For this reason, Ala Shanghai is the best!  Not only is the food great, but the place is clean, stylish and inviting.  My super picky family LOVES it and I know it's largely due to the fact that the restaurant is well taken care of! Great SERVICE!  I make it in almost weekly and I am always greeted with a warm welcome (by name) and handshake.   Great food, great service and great people.  What more could you ask for?
This food was so bad we couldn't eat it. No flavor over cooked beef you couldn't chew. We looked at reviews and it makes me wonder what kind of crap people will eat! Avoid this place. Its pricy small portions and taste horrible. One star is a gift!
Great tasting food but made me sick. I had the szechuan beef which came with rice. It was wonderful, nothing wrong at all with the taste, I loved it. But. The next day I spent in the toilet. I had to take the day off work. Took about 3 days to fully recover. I didnt have anything else out of the usual so I am 99% certain it was this dish that gave me the bug. So, if you have a strong stomach, this place is great.
Meal starts with complimentary hot tea...just what the doctor ordered! I have to try the steamed pork dumplings, a first sign of quality for any good chinese restaurant. Having a cold, i am inclined to stick with the hot soup...so i ordered the sliced pork in spicy broth with vermicelli. This soup HIT THE SPOT! The broth is delicious and savory and warmed my soul the way that I had desired, and the glass noodles had the perfect bite to compliment the juicy pork. This stuff had some serious heat, so if you order extra spicy, expect it to be extra damn spicy!!! Very authentic atmosphere, it was filled with Asians, so you know it's legit (I'm not racist...just a fact). Can't wait to get back here to try everything else out. The specials look exotic and authentic to the region of China that this restaurant represents, so I am very excited to try them all. This place is a MUST for great, authentic Chinese food at a VERY affordable price.
I would say one of the better chinese food place  in this area. The food quality is good but service is sometime rude
STAY AWAY!!!! I never leave bad reviews, but this calls for  one.  I was in Latham for a business seminar and I suddenly got the urge for some Chinese food. I looked in Yelp for good places nearby and this place shows up with great reviews.  It was 12:30 and the place was empty, I ordered the soup dumplings and some general tso with white rice.  The dumplings were all dough and no meat (extremely disappointed after reading the reviews), the general tso chicken was overcooked and dry and the white rice was hard and undercooked.  I left the place thinking that this was a waste of money and was actually mad.  And yet, this was not the end, to my surprise 4 hours later I started getting stomach cramps and throwing up non-stop, I went to urgent care and I was told that I had FOOD POISONING!! I've been out of work for 2 days.  Do yourself a favor and stay clear of this place! Update: Yes Lanny L, I am 100% sure that I rated the right restaurant, and by dumpling soup I meant soup dumplings.  My problem wasn't with the service, it was the poor food quality that not only did not taste good but also made me sick.
11am on 4th of July.  They were open and that was great.  I was served immediately, but four staff members were in behind the counter and yelling at each other telling stories on and off for fifteen minutes.  They certainly weren't interested in me, just themselves.  I ordered shrimp dumplings and shrimp and scallops shiu mei, cold jellyfish and hongkong wonton soup.  When the dim sum arrived I asked for Hoisin sauce and was blown off like I was from another planet.  Some say I am, but I've eaten dim sum for longer and anyone in the place is alive and have managed to get hoisin sauce across the world, but not here.  The jellyfish was crunchy, which to me was weird and the hongkong wontons were Shanghai wontons.  Other than that the bill was $24. Is this really the best Chinese in the area? It probably depends on what you're ordering.  The dim sum is notches below Mott Street joints in NY.  I was thinking that each dim sum cost more than a plate of three on sixth street in Oakland. CCK in Albany is excellent on some dishes, so I can't say.  But, I can say, that I didn't enjoy getting yanked around by staff indifference.
After one disappointment after another with Asian restaurants in the Cap District, I have decided to just stick with Ala Shanghai and eat my way through the menu till I get bored. Yesterday I started with A8 Spicy Eight Jewels, a cold appetizer, and B6 Sliced Beef in Spicy Broth. I chose these because I wanted to calibrate the spice quotient right at the beginning since Ala Shanghai's dishes are generally a bit mild for me. Jewels is two chili peppers and Beef in Spicy Broth is three chili peppers, the spiciest level on the menu. Both were good but not something I'll order again. The jewels was a monotone mound of chopped pork and dried tofu, peanuts and several invisible ingredients that had much more flavor and texture variety than the first visual impression would indicate. It had that vaguely "preserved" taste you sometimes find in cold Chinese dishes which is fine in very small amounts but was a little monotonous bite after bite. This is a dish to be shared, with each diner having just a few nibbles. The beef was more interesting, slices of sirloin that had been dipped in a cornstarch batter then quickly fried so they were still very tender. The broth had oil, glass noodles, some Chinese cabbage and a whole bunch of heat. The meat and accompaniments were delicious on their own and the broth was good spooned over the included brown rice. As to spiciness, the beef had Szechuan "numbing" peppercorns combined with a high capsicum level. I felt like I was hurtling down a ski slope, in control but not really. I survived but concluded that two peppers, the level in the jewels that provided just a kick, is probably a good level to stay with. My schedule brings me to Ala Shanghai around lunchtime, when I'm usually on my own, and in the past I've ordered the lunch plates at $7 which are a great value for the quality but tend toward the more standard dishes catering to Americans. The A8 was $6 and the Beef $15 and I finished less than half of each, leaving me with an effective lunch price of under $10 for a much more interesting meal.  Of course if anybody is interested in joining me on one of these excursions, please send a message. That way we can dispose of the evidence on the spot and take no prisoners. The place was packed, the service and ingredients were impeccable, my menu choices may not have been the best but I can't hold that against them. Really, it's impossible to give this place less than five stars. I live 25 miles away and get there every other week at most, so with 100 plus items on the menu this is going to be a long and pleasant adventure.
Great place for authentic Shanghainese cuisine.
If someone asked you where in the States they should go to get some legit soup dumplings...Latham, NY probably wouldn't be your first answer. But it wouldn't necessarily be wrong, either. To be honest, I don't eat a lot of Chinese food outside of the homes of friends and family, and oftentimes I downright refuse if it's not from an establishment within one of the Chinatowns. However, I'll make an exception for Ala Shanghai because it's the real deal. Soup dumplings, overly garlicky greens, some almost nauseatingly gelatinous pork thing...this is the Chinese food for Chinese people. Don't worry if you're into the Americanized stuff; they've still got that sesame chicken lunch special for $7, and it's good. But it's nice to know you can slurp some excellent soup dumplings outside the city.
Albany. Dumplings. Who knew? Well, I went with real high expectations from Yelp reviews. The place is the quintessential hole in the wall filled with local Albanians (is that what one calls themself?). I went with an assortment of dumplings and the mini pork buns. Decent if not a little bit of a let down since all the hype. I was expecting a little bit more flavor and amazingness from these bad boys. The mini pork buns were delicious but, just with a very small amount of actual pork, they were all bun and oh delicious white bun you are but, it got old. The dumplings themselves were similar. Doughy little guys and the flavorful filling just couldn't come through the thick doughy skin resulting in an overload of dumpling. Service was really great and surely this is a great option for some Chinese cuisine in the area and if I were a local I'm sure this would be a spot in my rotation. As someone driving through, it was a solid stop but, not sure I'd make it again.
Absolutely wonderful! Great service and very good clean food!  Prices are defiantly very fair. We have been looking for authentic Chinese cuisine and we have found it.
I'm giving A La Shanghai 5 stars because like someone else wrote, this is by far as good as it gets in this area. I've been three times so far, very hung over every time, and each time I left amazed that I only spent $15 or so yet was full to overflowing but not in a disgusting way.  We now focus on dumplings and cold sesame peanut noodles after making the mistake of ordering beef with dried tofu and bok choy with white sauce (neither were noteworthy, texture was slimy).  I'm not a big savory bun fan but the buns here are good according to people who like savory buns.  The fried pork dumplings and spicy wontons are my personal favorites, followed closely by the shrimp and pork soup dumplings.  Someday I'd like to try the whole fish or Peking duck. The service at A La Shanghai is what I think all restaurants should strive for.  A team of 5+ attentive servers, none of whom bother you with self-introductions or chit-chat, refills water glasses (with lime - nice touch!) and clears dishes quickly and efficiently.  The head of wait staff (who I think might be the/an owner?) asks how our meal was and is impressed that we ate ALL THAT so quickly.   It's always a full house, Chinese majority, and I'm very glad -  I want this place to be successful, and from the looks of it, my wish is coming true.
Totally a 5star. Soup dumplings were as good as the ones in the city. And Peking duck was out of this world. In fact, everything that we ordered was great. We are definitely planning on coming back here.
My last few visits to Ala Shanghai have been less than fantastic, so I'm sad to report that I'm taking them to three stars.   My first complaint is with the level of grease in the dishes.  Although I had far better experiences on previous visits, I've had less luck lately.  And maybe this is silly of me, but if the menu doesn't specify a type of sauce which contains butter, oil or cream, or say "fried" or "sauteed", I somehow think there is a high likelihood that it will not be super greasy.  Maybe I just chose wrong.  Maybe the menu is too extensive for everything to be of the greatest quality.  Who knows.  But, I still feel that the food here is less greasy on average than many local Chinese restaurants. More annoying than the greasy food was the customer service on our most recent visit.  They were scheduled to close at 10:00PM, and mind you, I will never go to a restaurant for a sit-down meal and arrive any less than an hour before closing time. So we got to Ala Shanghai just before 9:00, and the place was packed.  We were seated promptly, and the food came quickly.  Too quickly, actually; as only about 3 minutes passed between the arrival of our soup dumplings and our entrees.  At exactly 9:40 PM... 20 minutes prior to closing time... We were 80% done with our meals, and the server approached the table.   He did not ask us pleasantly if we would like dessert...  Instead he hurriedly informed us: "The kitchen is closing. Last call. Do you want anything else?"  Uhhh, no.   We took a few more bites, had part of the meal packed to go, and paid the bill.  No fewer than 6 employees hovered within a 10 foot radius around us, staring while we put on our coats.  And we weren't even the last table left in the restaurant.  Wow. In any case, I do still love their soup dumplings, so I will come back for those.  But I'll be sure to come before 8:00 so I don't inconvenience anyone.
It's a dingy looking place, but it has good quality authentic dim sum. Don't bother with the tea, it's mostly tea flavored water... But then again, you should only come here for dim sum, and they do excel at that. I love the scallion pancakes, the soup dumplings and roast duck buns.  Entrees are sub par-- stick to the dim sum!!!
Good food
I really don't see the big deal with this place. I ordered chicken fried rice, fried dumplings and sweet and sour chicken, To go.  It was all good but I have had better with all three. It's is about twice as expensive as the regular corner place, and honestly I could have gone to a dozen places and had just as good if a meal.  Maybe the Dine in experience is better ?
So of the best soup dumpling I have ever had. I have been to china town in Boston and NYC and indulged in the fine dining of authentic Chinese food, but I would have to say that this restaurant is one of the best. I can go down the list peaking duck general tso, schezuan beans  bak choy spicey beef dumplings and so on. Great atmosphere and superb service if you are in the Albany area. Step up your game and get your butts to shanghai
Really delicious authentic Chinese food. This is no generic takeout place. Plus, the servers really know the menu and make great recommendations. The veggie dumplings are plump and filling, and come with an excellent spicy dumpling sauce. Plus, their lo mein noodles are Shanghai style, not greasy limp imitations like many other places. I really enjoyed my meal here and recommend this place as an above average, even excellent, spot for a great plate of Chinese. Plus, their lunch menu is really tasty and affordable.
How can it be I haven't written a review of Ala Shanghai? Man, I've been delinquent in my Yelping. China is a big freaking place. And much like America, the different regions of China all have specialized cuisines. If I think of the wide range of food styles domestically, it would be madness to get New Mexican blue-corn green-chili chicken enchiladas at the same place as a New England lobster roll. But this is the state of affairs of most Chinese restaurants in America. Forget about the dumbing down of the food for U.S. tastes. In general there is a lack of focus on the regional cuisines of China. Never would I have expected to have a regional Chinese restaurant in the Albany area. Most of our Chinese restaurants offer either sushi or chicken teriyaki. And Ala Shanghai goes one step further, they change their menu seasonally. In the spring and summer, they had luffa (the plant that makes the sponge is actually not only edible, but delicious). Their fall and winter menu has just been published, and I'm looking forward to getting in there to try it. Yes, they have other things on the menu. And perhaps not every single thing is a winner. Sure, the skins on the soup dumplings could be thinner. But hands down, this is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Albany. It's a place where I'll take people who come in from out of town, to show them we actually have decent food out here. Oh, and did I mention it's incredibly reasonable, especially if you go with a group. Don't forget to take a look at their menu online before you go, because there are a few special items that need to be ordered in advance. Service has always been impeccable, and if you have any questions about how to assemble an authentic Shanghaiese meal, don't be afraid to ask. Lanny, who runs the place, has always been eager to share insights into the regional cooking style - but at the same time he's very respectful and will let you do your own thing, if you like. This place is a gem in the Albany culinary landscape, and we're very lucky to have it.
Fine cuisine and good service. Nothing like 99% of American Chinese restaurants, though you can still get your General Chicken. Order "Grandma's Casserole"; after you eat the amazing array of vegetables and meats, the remaining broth will delight.
Recently I noted a few of my Yelp peoples have been reviewing this place like crazy and I had never been. This week I had my "staycation" and the wife and I decided to check it out. First thing I noticed is that (on a Thursday) this place was packed. Next thing I noticed is that there were a good deal of Asian-Americans eating here. Both good signs. The inside is simple enough with typical Chinese decorations, lanterns etc. The larger round tables have lazy susan's which I have come to know is traditional Chinese style from watching that Andrew Zimmern guy who eats anything and also sometimes travels to China. Most of the reviews I've read stated that this is one of the only places in the area that offer real Dim Sum and I was excited and then slightly irritated that it was only my wife and I as I really wanted to try just about everything on this section of the menu. In the end we ordered pork fried dumplings and scallion pancakes. The dumplings were pretty good, but after watching some other orders come out I wish we had gotten some of the steamed ones instead. The pancakes were tremendous for $3 - nice and crispy outside and warm gooey center. The entree menu is equally as daunting. There were so many dishes on here I either hadn't heard of and wanted to try, or were classic "take-out" sounding dishes done correctly. For entrees we got the General Tso's prawns and Wuzi-style spare-ribs. Both of these came with our choice of brown or white rice. The spare-ribs while tender were not super-flavorful. I think the issue here was they stacked them "lincoln log" style on the plate, which while having aesthetic appeal, caused all of the great sauce to fall to the plate. The prawns were amazing. Crispy outside with a wonderful sauce. The wait staff here is not what I'd call "attentive" and throughout our meal I saw several tables motioning to the waiters to come over - though it seemed like that's just how it works here. Again - this may be some kind of Chinese custom? I'm just a stupid American so I don't know. Though I have no huge complaints about the service - our food came out relatively promptly and we received the check fast also. All-in-all I really enjoyed our meal here and will definitely be going back soon to try out some new things. A few of the reviews on here mention that when you're trying to find this place it sneaks up on you - this is very, very true. Once you cross the traffic light heading east, it's the very very first parking lot on the right.
The best Chinese in the area.  The price is excellent for the quality of food.   I'll try not to ramble on about how much I love this place.   The soup dumplings are great even if the dough is a little thick. The lunch special is a fantastic deal- $7 for roughly 40 items.  The diced chicken with cashew is unassuming but the sauce and nuts create this carmelized nutty marriage that is absolutely delicious.   The chef's specials are fantastic- the pork shoulder is just that- a whole pork shoulder- and it's delicious.  The sauteed eel is delicious.   The appetizers are also delicious- I love the aster salad and the jelly fish.   The Tong-Po Pork (pork belly) is fatty and yummy and everything belly should be.   On a menu where meat is so prevalent, it's surprising but my favorite dish is probably the luffa with soy bean.  Toothsome luffa- okra without the slime- small bites of edamame, in a light sauce, this dish with the brown rice is perfect- nutty, light, fresh, delicious.
This is not your average Chinese restaurant. I am visiting town on business and found this through the wonderful Yelp reviews. I had the beef szechuan style, which was made with a tender beef shank. The sauce was plenty spicy and the baby bok choy were beautifully green with a nice sweetness. Tea was complimentary and service was just as good as others have said. I hope some day I have an opportunity to try some of the featured items that require advance notice for preparation. They really look special.
I was not impressed on my first visit. The Xiao Long Bao a.k.a. "soup dumplings", were not very good.  The skin is very thick (about 20 times thicker than it ought to be), the soup inside barely has any flavor, and the meat filling was unremarkable. However, the upside is that now I know one place I can go to satiate my craving for these dumplings.   If you do go for XLB, don't bother with the "crab and pork" soup dumplings.  Save the extra $2 and get the pork ones instead.  It is the same pork dumpling with a bit of crab flavored topping on top, rather than the crab flavor infused into the soup and filling as other places usually do.  This results in little to no crab flavor in the dumpling. As for other dishes we've had on this visit, the cripsy whole flounder was terrible.  I could tell that the fish kept frozen for a very long time, as some of the flesh was dry and translucent.  The deep frying with a heavy batter made things worse, as this did not make it "crispy", but instead crusty.  For $22, this dish should be avoided.  Adding more insult to my palate was the rice, the most basic food, was cooked way too dry, like day old rice.   On the other hand, the "salted veggies with soybeans and flat tofu sheets" was very good!  The salty taste of chopped mustard greens with the strips of chewy tofu makes for a very good accompaniment to more greasy dishes. I also saw "Lion's Head" on the menu.  I will be trying this next time, as it is one of my favorites at other restaurants.  (If you read this and go, give this is shot and report back!) The service was outstanding, with very attentive waiters who pay attention to every detail, promptly and quietly. Still, I am glad to have found this place (thanks Roger K), as it dares to serve authentic shanghai cuisine in this area.  My wife and I hope our next visit will be better, as other reviewers seem to suggest.
How you going to keep them down on the farm after they've seen Paris? Now that I've experienced soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai in NYC, I have something to compare Ala Shanghai's with.  I still enjoy them here, (Crab & Pork $7) but I'm not about to travel 160 miles just to have a larger and slightly more flavorful dumpling.  But I feel obligated to remove a half star now. Tonight we also ordered Sea Scallops w/ Baby Bok-choy ($20) - sautéed in ginger sauce; and Crispy Fish Filet ($14) - fried flounder filet with spicy & sweet sauce. The coating on the scallops was a little salty and the several that I had still had a grain of sand/grit. The Baby Bok-choy was delicious if not difficult to pick up with chopsticks. The flounder was plentiful but mostly coating.  There was no opportunity to actually taste fish.  The sauce was not overly sweet and only the mildest amount of spice could be detected. Based upon the two entrees I think I'll remove another half star. Service was polite as usual and efficient, except for the delay in bringing out the flounder.  However, the delay was recognized by management and an apology and explanation was offered without our having to comment.
My husband and I recently moved to upstate New York from the Chicago area and we're always in search of new eats. I read a review from AllOverAlbany.com (alloveralbany.com/archiv…) regarding Ala Shanghai and it perked my interest. We ordered several items from the menu and ended up bringing leftovers home including: - Steamed shumai with shrimp and scallops (delicate wrapping and an overall juicy dumpling) - Pork spare ribs in wuxi style (pork was nice and tender, and delicious with the soy and ginger flavor) - Wonton soup (great broth) - Orange chicken (crispy and tangy) - Spicy minced pork noodle soup (not so much a soup as it was a gravy on top of the noodles) I ate the spicy minced pork noodle soup maybe two more times at home. First time at home with the leftovers, I added additional sliced raw cucumber and carrots Second time at home, I added steamed Chinese broccoli and it was delicious. I was surprised that the noodles didn't get too soggy (usually happens to noodle soup leftovers) but I think it had to do with it more being a gravy than a broth soup. Everything was flavorful and tasty. We're excited to go back to try more on the menu and I'm sure we'll be bringing leftovers home again soon!
Soup dumplings!! Little meat pockets with warm soup inside. I don't know if there is any spill-proof way to eat these tricky things, especially for a clumsy gal like me. So to prevent any delicious soup from going to waste, I also like to order the steamed scallion rolls--they have sort of a sponge-y consistency so that it soaks up all my spilled soup. Aside from the soup dumplings, I really like the shanghai noodle soup here. The first time I wanted to try it, I asked the waiter "what kind of noodle is shanghai noodle?" and he answered "shanghai noodle". Um ok. So I just went with it, but it was a lo-mein kinda noodle fyi. Broth is delicious! Perfect for a cold rainy day. Bf got the seafood noodle soup. Very fresh seafood, but broth is a bit bland. So glad I found a place in upstate for soup dumplings! :)
Great service, great menu selection, great quality and quantity of food. Been there for lunch and dinner. Highly recommend the soup dumplings for appetizer and the Peking Duck for entree, you will not be disappointed.
Yummy, yum, yummers! I like their minimal but well chosen dim sum. Plus their dinner dishes are awesome too. Really clean tasting for the lighter dishes. Not a lot of oil in those dishes. But spicier dishes usually come with a hearty pour of chili oil. Love it here - well priced, great service, and awesome flavors and inventive dishes. Not your typical Chinese resto! This has pretty much become the only (real) Chinese restaurant I go to in the area.
My experience was a 4, but be forewarned, my friends looked like it was a 3 or a meh.  It really depends on what you get, but ordering a sweet sour chicken, fried rice, and the soup dumplings, you can't go wrong (except it's a little pricey)! The sweet sour chicken was a five for me, in regular American-Chinese food standards.  It's prepared the right way.  The sauce is sauteed with the sweet sour sauce and the sauce is delicious (not too starchy like most places).  I give this a five because most "Chinese" places, they have the chicken deep fried and you dip into the sauce!  That's horriawful.  If I wanted mysterious rounded chicken pieces, I'd go to McDees.  The price of this is $12, which is a little expensive for its portion.  They do make an effort to make it pretty with carrot/radish flowers, but I'd rather fill that space with more meat.  The fried rice is $8 and it's a little above average.  They give you enough to fill up probably around 5 Chinese rice bowls. So the only major difference I found with the soup dumpling with NYC is that the dumpling skin is a lot thicker at Ala.  There's also less meat and soup in comparison but doesn't really take a way from the taste.  All in all, it's really good, but it doesn't have that delicate taste that it should.  And since it seems like people are destroying their tongues eating this, here are my instructions on how to eat soup dumplings: 1. Grab your Chinese spoon (the white porcelain-ish one), add some brown sauce soy sauce thing and put that baby on there, trying not to poke a hole. 2. Wait and let it cool 3. You realize that step 2 is not possible so you improvise.  Bite the side of it to make a little opening (make sure to keep the juices in the spoon). 4. Blow gently or vigorously (depending on your patience level) 5. Start biting into it slowly.  Once you realize it's cool enough, show that thing you're not afraid of it anymore and eat it, like a boss. So all in all, I'll definitely be going back here for sweet and sour chicken!  Avoid the pan fried noodle (my friend said it's too crispy and tastes like a snack), the lo mein (it's not that good, says my friend), and the other dumplings on the menu if you want to avoid having a so-so experience. p.s.  they were playing Kenny-G all night long, so that was a plus for me.  I hadn't heard him in a while.  I actually like Kenny-G.  Grew up listening to him as a child.  All you haters, he used to be cool in the 90s okay!  Yes he's a little cheesy (impressive thing to do when he's not even singing lyrics) but so's pizza and we don't complain about that do we!
The flavors at Ala Shanghai are awesome! Their food is made with great care. The only dim sum around that tastes authentic. Some faves are: - Steamed crab & pork soup dumplings - Steamed tiny pork buns - Scallion pancakes - Peking duck If you're looking for a place that serves greasy chicken and broccoli packed on top of greasy fried rice...this is not your place!
Went to Ala Shanghai for an early dinner during the summer.  The food was pretty good overall (arrived in a timely manner, yummy for the most part, and reasonably priced). This brief section is dedicated to XLB (aka soup dumplings) since they have a cult-like following.  They're decent, not great but certainly good enough for a fix.  They XLBs are a bit smaller with less soup than "the best place for soup dumplings in _____" but they're one of the better (if not few) places in the area serving authentic Chinese food. On a personal note- the pork belly was delicious, flavorful and tender as you'd expect. Between the 4 of us we sampled almost the entire dessert menu and enjoyed it all.  The red bean curd is pretty good (admittedly it takes some work to mess it up.. that said, I've done it). Service was pretty good and attentive, prices are very reasonable for what you get.  Definitely recommend Ala Shanghai if you're looking for more authentic Chinese food in the Albany area.  For those less adventurous, there's always the standard beef and broccoli on the menu and I'm sure that's tasty as well!
One star is really tempting. The worst Chinese food I've ever had. I really don't know why this place has so many good reviews. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing? First of all we were sat at a table that could sit 6, okay fine, and there was only 2 of us. Not to mention we resemble nothing of an Asian background and were handed menu's in all Chinese, so we had to ask for English ones. Could've been an honest mistake. We both got a lunch special that came with either soup or a salad. The one thing I did like was the Egg Drop Soup had corn in it and it really enhanced the flavor. I've never had anything other than egg in it and it was actually pretty interesting. My Chicken and Broccoli that I got with White Rice was so bland I almost couldn't eat it. For the first time ever I didn't take my leftovers home. I had to drown it in soy sauce, which helped me at least get it down. My boyfriend also commented that it was the worst Sesame Chicken he's ever had. He said it was pretty much fried all the way though, meaning barely any chicken. One of my biggest pet peeves is when someones food comes but the others doesn't. That happened. I received my Chicken and Broccoli before we were finished with our soups, and my boyfriend didn't get his Sesame Chicken for another good 5 minutes after I got mine. The service was okay, although we weren't offered a drink. They automatically serve you hot tea and water with a small piece of lemon or lime on the bottom. I kind of felt like it was dirty, the way it was just floating on the bottom. The cheapest lunch ever at $15 for only 2 lunch specials. Will not be returning unless I get a craving for that Egg Drop soup and I'm able to get it to go.
Donna&Ron Ala Shanghai is my husband's favorite restaurant in the area.We have dinner there usually once a week. The food is exceptional and very authentic. We have tried many dishes. One of our favorites is the seafood casserole.Loaded with different types of fish and not a ton of noodles. The service is also outstanding and all the waiters are very professional but also friendly.Lanny has a 5Star restaurant.
Summary- Excellent Chinese food with very good service. This ain't your greasy take out crap place, this is quality stuff with careful preparation. The atmosphere leaves MUCH to be desired though, so don't mistake this for a romantic date night out. Food- 5 Stars Hot and Sour soup the best I have had in a long time. Wonton Soup was also awesome, maybe better than hot and sour. Pork Soup Dumplings, Shrimp Dumplings, and Pork and Leek Dumplings- To die for, we shoulda just ordered every dumpling on the farking menu. Nom nom nom. Have I had better? Yes, but not outside of a major metropolitan area. We ordered Beef and Broccoli (M6), Eggplant (V18), Peking Duck (P14), and Moo Shu Pork (M18). Everything was excellent. The Eggplant in particular was awesome and different. Love how they make your mooshu pancakes for you table side. Service- 4 Stars Usually Asian restaurants fail at some aspect of service, either never asking if you need anything, not asking how it is, not getting you drink refills, whatever. Ala Shanghai was essentially flawless when we went, although it was very quiet so I can't speak for a busy night. Atmosphere- 2 Stars Ugh.... it's got a style of it's own, that's for sure. NOTE: The red chairs side (towards the bathrooms) are AWFUL chairs. They need to be replaced along with at least one of the tables on that side. Just terribad, my ass was numb. Also, turn the 50,000 damn lamps/fixtures down from "tanning bed" to something more pleasant. Value- 5 Stars It was like $85 for more food than 4 people needed by a long shot. Drinks- 4 Stars Hot tea and they kept the water coming.
We went Sunday after church and were just disappointed by the experience - just two of us. We were quickly seated and our server answered our questions. We ordered and then began the wait. And wait. We got the first part of our order, spring rolls - they were fantastic. So hot that we couldn't eat them right away. Then we continued to wait. And wait. The table next to us came and went in the time we ordered and before we received our entrees. The table across from us ordered a multitude of dishes in the time we ordered and left just as we were receiving our entrees. There were a couple of large groups but I don't understand why our food took longer than others. We certainly did not order anything complicated - a soup and a rainbow chicken. The soup was good - had the smallest shrimp in it that I have ever seen. The rainbow chicken was a pretty dish, but had no taste at all. I am confused - on the one hand the food gets rave reviews, service is good, but why didn't we receive the same prompt service as other diners? Not sure if we will return - I guess that sums it up.
The restaurant doesn't look like much on the outside but is very nice inside. The dim sum items are terrific, especially the soup dumplings. I chose a noodle dish that was on the bland side but the seafood was very fresh. I'd go back again for the dim sum, as those dumplings rank up there with ones I had in China. I found this place using the Nearby feature in my Yelp app and it was some of the best food I had the whole trip.
A five star review is defined as "As good as it gets!" and within a 30 miles radius of the capital region, this is pretty much as good as Chinese food gets. The soup dumplings are where it's at. Get like, 2 or 3 rounds of them, seriously. The tong po and the peking duck are also good, but pricey. It's been a while since I've been here (I moved to CO), but my biggest complaint is the cost-to-vegetable ratio on the vegetable dishes. The veggies are usually great, but I would love more. So, when you're in the Troy area, forget Plum Blossom and give Ala a try. The staff always treated me well and I always left with a full stomach and a good meal.
More of a 3 1/2 star meal at lunch. I had to be in Latham for an appointment and tried to think of somewhere for lunch, the selection of restaurants in the area is lacking. I took a look at yelp on my phone and realized I was less than a quarter mile from Ala Shanghai so that's where we headed. The menu looked amazing for regular meals but the lunch menu was pretty standard fare. My daughter had chicken and broccoli but I decided to make a lunch out of dim sum - pan fried pork dumplings and scallion pancakes. Her chicken was perfectly cooked but incredibly boring. Both of my choices were delicious, the dumplings were even good cold 2 hours later. While I hate to only give them 3 stars, I'm sure that their rating would go up for dinner.
I went here with a group of friends last night and ordered a mish mash of family style foods. They were really attentive with regards to service and their food was amazing. We had so much food but two stand outs was the soup dumplings and the deep fried seaweed flounder. WOW! Amazing! Great food and I will definitely go back here!
Nasty... I ordered Wonton soup, General Tso Shrimp, Beef lo mein, soup dumplings and scallion pancakes.  My WonTon soup the wontons tasted like they were filled with rabbit food no meat. The general tso shrimp had great flavor but  was soooo soggy. And I mean this was EXTREMELY soggy not crispy at all and I was eating it within 15min. The beef lo mein was so fking disgusting I couldn't believe it. I dont give a shit if you make your own noodles when theres no flavor at all. No garlic no oil fking disgusting. The meat was of better quality than othe rplaces though. The soup dumplings were good but not great and the best thing was the scallion pancakes which were also the cheapest. I don't eat no fkn fish head bs soup or jelly fish or fkn fungus whatever the sht they speacialize in so idk if i ordered the wrong sht but the food i got tonight for my gf and i was HORRIBLE.
Went to this place with a couple for friends to satisfy our dim sum craving.  We ordered a couple of different things to share. - Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings - Pan Fried Pork Dumplings - Steamed Sticky Rice Shu Mai - Crispy Fried Wontons After we had finished our small dishes we were still hungry, so we ordered the peking duck.  Everything was prepared for us on sweet steamed bread.  Our waiter cut the duck for us and created a platter of duck sandwiches with hoisin sauce. Everything was great, but a few comments.  The skin on the fried pork dumplings was a bit thick, and it seemed like there was soup in them.   Even though we only ordered half a duck, I would have liked it if they left the rest of the duck with us after making our sandwiches for any meat our waiter might have missed. Overall great food, definitely want to go again when I'm craving some XLB.
This Chinese food place focuses on keeping their ingredients and recipes authentic.  As such there are dishes that may have less "flavor" than the more commonly accepted Chinese restaurants.  What I like about this is that when I ordered my chicken and broccoli, I could actually TASTE the flavor of the chicken and broccoli.  Their hot and sour soup is hands down better than the greasy stuff you'd get normally.  My favorite, though, are the dumplings that are filled with pork soup.  NOT dumplings in soup, soup in dumplings! This isn't something I've ever encountered before, and they're so amazing flavorful AND you can still experience the texture of the "dry" outside of the dumpling.  I love going here, the only drawback for this restaurant is it's more popular than it's size can hold.  You can wait for quite a bit to get a seat, but once you do(or get take out) it's more than worth it.
I have eaten tons of chinese food since I took chinese in college, but this ranks among the all time best. The food is tremendous, with appetizers that are unique, fantastic dim sum, and entrees that fill a real need for Shanghai cooking in this area. The service, as others have noted is great. I have eaten in three star Michelin restaurants that have service that isn't as good as this restaurant. How good is it? My Chinese doctor says it is the only place north of Queens worth eating in. Usually, my daughter and I are the only non asians in the room. It is that good.
It's been a while since I updated my previous post, but I have to say that I visited this place many times since my first post with my girlfriend.  Getting to know the owner, Lanny he definitely knows that customers come first and delivers a great experience each and every time along with his wait staff.  Dare I say this is as close to upscale (Five-Star) for a Chinese restaurant in upstate NY.  Glasses are always filled and if the waiters aren't too tied up they will promptly replace your silverware and plates between appetizers and the entrees. Again, one of the only places I know in upstate NY that serves soup dumplings that are piping hot and delicious.  If you never tried any of the Reserved Orders, I would suggest you make plans to.  The Eight Jewel Duck was delicious and was perfectly presented as the waiter brought the cooked Duck stuffed with the eight jewel rice and carefully cut and preped the dish table side.  If you are looking for something more saucy, the Duck w. Scallion is another alternative.   Honestly, just about every dish has their own flare and presentation.  I haven't been disappointed yet in trying any of their dishes.  And of course, if there's an issue I'm sure if you kindly point it out, the owner will definitely make plans to correct it.   I mean the only fault I can see for this place is that it can get really busy during dinner time, but when you're pulling in that much business for a small place, it's tough to see it as a bad thing.  Personally I've only gone during lunch time leading into dinner which is right before the rush.  If you come after 8, it does free up and you can be sure you won't have to wait too long for the delicious food. Out of all the places I've been to, this is a first for me where a restaurant embraces technology and utilizes social networks like Facebook and Yelp to reach out to customers.  Definitely A+ rating for this place which is shown by all the glowering reviews from the local newspaper clippings that are posted on the walls.
Wow, what a great out of town find.  This place is kind of stuck back away from everything and is not a very large restaurant, but for what they lack in flash, they make up for in food and selection.  Had the fried pork buns appetizer and the spicy beef entree.  Wow, 6 HUGE pork buns and then a GINORMOUS bowl of beef and plenty of brown rice.  More than I could eat and the price was very reasonable.  Only downside was that the spicy was maybe a little more than I needed. There's a big enough menu so that there's something for every palate and interest from the normal fried rice fan to the fried pork belly fan.
Hands down my favorite and also the best Chinese food in the area.  This is not your typical takeout Chinese restaurant.  This is authentic and delicious.  So many options that you would never find at your typical takeout restaurant. The restaurant is a little hidden on Troy Schenectady road, and totally unassuming.  When you walk in you know you're in a legit restaurant.  I have been here a handful of times, and it is usually pretty packed.  You might even want reservations on the weekend as I have come and have waited.   The dim sum dishes are really good, I suggest the pork soup dumplings.  They are a must, even though I still cannot figure a good way to eat them.  I have had many different entree dishes, all which have been good.  The only dish I would skip on was a beef dish my dining companion got which was a little too fatty for our tastes.  They do have the typical choices such as sesame chicken and kung pow and such, and also tons of dishes that I never even heard of.   They give you tea free of charge which I think is a nice touch. The service is attentive and friendly.  Food comes out fairly quickly.   For the price I think it is fair, as the food is good quality.  The portions are not huge, but also not tiny.  I think I've noticed that you get more for takeout.   I highly suggest this place for authentic, delicious Chinese food in the Albany area!
Ala Shanghai maintains at 5 stars from me based on my recent visit with a group of 6. Everything weent smooth - resserved table was ready and waiting for us, food and service was excellent and prices reasonable. Note that since they now have a beer/wine licence the BYOB rules may have changed. I say 'may' because I called the day before to ask if BYOB was OK and they informed me that there was a $10 corkage fee. That was OK - good to know ahead of time. They were very happy to provide glasses, ice bucket and serve our bottle during our meal. However the $10 charge never appeared on my bill. Nice surprise. (Better than the other way around. )It my be a YMMV thing depending on the size of the group, etc. but be aware there may be a charge.
Definitely a dining treat for Chinese. Other than a little wait time till dinner, this is definitely top notch.
Frankly, this is our go-to spot in the Capital Region.  I honestly don't think there's a better Chinese restaurant (in my experience) in the area.  Why?  Easy: excellent food, variety, authenticity, service, and atmosphere.  Every time we try something new, we're not disappointed.  They even make their own noodles! As a bonus, while we are not vegetarians, we have several friends who are.  This is the perfect place to take them, as there is a wide range of options available, and they can do magic with tofu. The dishes are very authentic, so don't go here expecting moo goo gai pan or nasty, greasy egg rolls.  Did I mention they make their own noodles?  (Hey, I like noodles.  They are one of China's greatest contributions to the world.) Finally, it's unbelievably reasonable.  We regularly get away -stuffed- for around $20.  They also have lunch specials that are almost as big as the dinners and include rice and soup.  You really can't go wrong. If I have one complaint, it would be that it's ruined me for other Chinese dining in the area.  There are good places around, but Ala Shanghai has them beat.
Peking duck, soup dumplings, and shrimp in brown sauce.....it just keeps getting better and better. Every time I go I just find more to love. The food is fabulous and the service is wonderful. I started eating here soon after they had opened and I was wonderfully surprised. Soup dumplings in Albany??? Love it. Their noodles are hand-made and both the owner and chef take a lot of pride in the quality of their food. It really shows.
We are new to NY, and we weren't sure if we would be able to find "favorite" restaurants like we'd had near our previous home. Ala Shanghai is our new favorite Chinese restaurant! Hands down! The wait staff was so courteous, the food was AMAZING!!! The prices were on the higher end of "moderate", but totally worth it! We ordered pork dumplings (D4), General Tsao's Shrimp (S13), and Crispy Beef (M1), and we were stuffed and satisfied. Total bill was $35.00, but we were do pleased with the food, it didn't matter. The parking lot is small, so get there early, and the food takes longer than at other restaurants, probably because it's made so fresh! This place is a must-try!
Lick your thumb when you grab the dim sum! The Crab & Pork Soup Dumplings, Steamed Seafood Shu Mai, Scallion Pancake, and Wontons in Spicy Flavor were good and plentiful - they come in just the right quantity for a hoard of people. The soup dumplings would probably have been better. Sliced Beef w. Scallion and Bamboo Shoot w. Capsella were also great to fill up the crew between dumplings. The food is served hot in the spotless restaurant with a fabulous staff. Am looking for more of a variety in dim sum, or an assortment tray...
And I thought we had good, genuine Chinese in the Dallas area... What a gift you locals have in Latham! A true Shanghai style restaurant right in town! Genuine Chinese cuisine; every bit as good as in Singapore or the mainland. The scallion pancakes tasted like mom's (if mom was Chinese). The soup dumplings (which are hard to find anywhere) were perfect (be careful not to burn your mouth) and when I return the only reason may not order them is because I want to try some of their other Shanghai dishes. They even offer traditional Chinese wine served hot with ginger slivers...amazing on a cool evening. They have true Chinese desserts and a nice plum winewith a wine soaked plum  (I know this is typically Japanese, but what a great finish) capped this perfect meal off. Go early as there was a wait by 7:30 on a Tuesday evening, which is normally unheard of. However Ala is way better than "normal" and I will be coming back the next time I'm in town (I visited from Dallas, TX) YEEE HAW, y'all!!!
Ala Shanghai is some really good Chinese Food....it must be said. But when you get there, if its busy, you will probably be really annoyed because parking is beyond tight. No worries, you'll find a spot somewhere, then you'll get in there, order yourself one, or both of the following apps - crispy fried wontons and/or pork and crab stuffed soup dumplings. Trust me, you won't be irritated about parking anymore afterwards. So why are these crispy fried wontons so great, you can get crispy wontons at any Chinese food place? Well let me tell you! There's are different my friend. Ala Shanghai's crispy fried wontons are not monstrositys or fried grease stuffed with disgusting globs of soggy veggies and maybe some meat leftovers. No no, these are little wonton nuggets of joy. They are small and bite size, and stuffed with fresh veggies of some sort - I've never savored the flavor long enough in my mouth to try and decipher it because it is just so good that I pop them in my mouth, enjoy it for a second, and move on to the next. You will get 10 of these little jewels and I believe its gyoza sauce, but no matter, the sauce is delicious regardless of what kind it is....just stick your little wontons in there and munch. Now the soup dumplings.....they will come in the dim sum things and will be so steamy when it arrives at the table. People eat these all different ways, but I'm a firm believer that eating them my way is the best way to enjoy all of the flavors together....let me explain why. These will be very hot when you get them, so some people rush right to them, puncture the dumpling so the soup part cools off, and drinks just the broth and then eat the dumpling next. I say nay, nay to this. You want to get it all as a perfect bite together. So get the crispy wontons, and eat those first while your dumplings cool a bit. Now take your dumpling and while you might look like a pig putting a whole dumpling in your mouth, it won't matter cause it will be delicious, then you bite your dumpling and the broth rushes into your mouth and you get all the flavors.....yum! A note on entrees....maybe stay away from the orange chicken....I was not super impressed with this last time I got it. I expected a lot more orange kick to it, and instead I was left wondering if there was any orange in it at all. The General Tso's though is quite delicious and much better than your typical take-out Chinese food fare. But really, I could do without the entree and stick with just the apps....they are where its at.
the taste is ok. But the price is too high compared to other chinese restraunt. And the dish become smaller and smaller. will seldom be there in the after. not worth the price i feel.
Having grown up in this area, it is very hard for me to believe that Latham could be a culinary destination in the Capital Region.  Ala Shanghai proves it--you'd be hard pressed to find a better meal within a significant radius of Albany. The offerings at Ala Shanghai are authentically in the 'Shanghai' style, which make them different than any other Chinese food I've ever eaten.  (Most 'American' Chinese is 'Szechuan', I believe.)  Every town should have a restaurant like this. As a vegetarian, I appreciated the variety of options.  Veggie dumplings were excellent.   The 'fake chicken with fungus' (which sounds like something terrible, I know) turned out to be an all-time favorite dish for me--when I head back to Latham, I have to get it.   I also had a 'tofu with brown sauce' where the tofu was, honestly, not spectacular, but the sauce was amazing. I ate with a group of meat-eaters and they all enjoyed everything in their orders, as well.   This is important to note, I think:  the least adventurous eater I've ever known enjoyed several things from Ala Shanghai and wound up suggesting we get food from there again during my visit.
Ala Shanghai is in one word : AMAZING! (with multiple exclamation points)!!! The food is out of this world (albeit a taaaad greasier than I'd like). My boyfriend and I went there on the recomendation of a coworker of mine who said, and I quote "It tastes as if a kind chinese grandma is in the back cooking up the food from scratch". Pretty spot on. The restaraunt was clean and bright. The bathroom was also clean and smelled nice. The food was probably some of the best chinese food I've ever had! We got the Pork fried dumplings, Beef lo mein, Chicken and broccoli, and Sesame Chicken. All were spectacular. The beef lo mein was the only one that seemed a tad greasy. But nothing that would be "off putting". The wait staff was very attentive and very nice. Greeted us upon sitting with complimentary hot tea. The presentation of the dishes when they came out was SO CUTE! They put little turnip flowers on all the plates. I loved that! Love this place and have been dying to go back but we haven't had a chance. Oh, also. In the Albany Entertainment book there is a Buy one entree get the 2nd entree free coupon (for all of us on a budget).
Been here three times now and the place is absolutely amazing. Went  there with my wife and the service was prompt and really good. Serving portions are huge so order accordingly. Each serving is good for 3-4 people. Will come over and over again.
Service was great, food is authentic, BYOB encouraged, no corkage fee, other groups brought their own beer.   The soup dumplings and fish soup were fantastic and prices are reasonable..
I love this place. I've driven an hour and a half to eat here more than once, and will happily do so again, as it's the only good Chinese food option I've found outside of Manhattan in the area. Pork soup dumplings: YUM. They're a little too big and thick-skinned for my taste, but only a little, and who cares when they're that delicious. Also yum: the pan-fried tiny pork buns (not actually tiny! aww), and the Shanghai rice cakes, which pretty much made me weak at the knees. Sometimes I find rice cake dishes a little bland, but this was definitely not so. And while I've never met a shallot pancake I didn't like, theirs are extra-especially great. Mmmm. Great service, too; in my experience the staff are universally really friendly and helpful.
A lot's been said about this place, so I'll keep this short- to the point.  Pass on the scallion pancakes.  Don't ask for hot oil- it was bland and very salty.  The crab/pork soup dumplings were ok, but I've had better (in NYC, of course).  The rainbow shredded chicken was decent, but not great- needed a touch of soy sauce, and I was too lazy to ask (should already be on the table, no?)  The moo shoo pork was as good as I've had elsewhere. Overall, I'm sure this place is a standout for the area.   The staff was great.  The waiter prepped our moo shoo (normally I do my own) and did a nice job.  I may go back and try more on my next trip to the Albany area.
Exquisite. It's a small place and it gets pretty packed, but the food is hot, fresh, and delicious. I was pleased with both the dim sum options and the larger dishes. The pork buns taste a little too much like breakfast sausage, but this is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the capital region. Just typing this is making me hungry for more.
Best Chinese restaurant in the capital region. Service is great and you pretty much get what you want for authentic Chinese cuisine.
This is a relatively authetic chinese restaurant in Capital region. I have been to this restaurant for 3 times. I like those soup dumplings, but every time I visited  the restaurant, something went wrong. On the first visit, my husband and I ordered too much. So we asked a waiter to pack what were left. However, on the second day, when we opened the boxes, only one third of left-over portion was found in the box. The second time I went there, I had a mild diarrhea when I got back home. Craving for soup dumplings, I went there for the third time. The dumplings were great. But when the jelly fish dish got on the table, I noticed something went wrong AGAIN. I could tell immediately the things sitting in the dish were not real jelly fish based on my 20ish years of experience of eating jelly fish. What could it be? I had no idea. I will never visit this restaurant again.
Amazingly good and authentic Chinese. Very good xiao long bao and ma po tofu (among many other items we ordered). Sticky rice shumai were not for me, but do not have anything to compare them to. Definitely worth multiple visits.
Ala shanghai is one of the best restaurants in the capital region. I love love love their soup dumplings and Wuxi style spareribs. Amazing every time!
Was just here today with my sisters and cousin and what a winner of  place for chinese! Every year New Year's weekend I bring in the New Year with good Chinese food and if this place is any indicator of the year to come, then it's going to be a good year! Decor: Don't let the outside of this place fool you, the outside doesn't do it justice. Inside is very cozy, elegant, clean,and well lit. Very warm colors and warm lighting fixtures as well. Staff: Awesome, awesome, awesome. So friendly, so attentive and yet not lingering over your shoulder.  I actually felt welcomed there and like my patronage was so important to them. Food: About as good as it gets in this area for chinese cuisine. Overall the likes, chicken pieces were real pieces of chicken and good sized and not clumps of flour w/ small pieces of processed chicken inside. Vegetables fresh and crispy and sauces were not overwhelming. So now on to the highlights of the meal.....there were 4 of us so we made it a point to all order something different so we could all try a little of each other's dinners. To start we had the crab and pork stuffed dumpling soup and it was just AMAZING! The broth was very flavorful and light and the dumplings were great consistency. It was like heaven in my mouth and the absolute highlight of the meal. We also had the spring rolls which were standard spring rolls, but held their own. Fried wanton had a nice spin with some veggies in it. Also had the squid with salt and pepper and it was very tasty with just a little kick to it. For meals, we had the chicken and broccoli, orange chicken, general tsao's chicken, and sweet & sour chicken and they were all delicious. Chicken and broccoli was standard made, but the sauce was light and everything well seasoned. The other chickens what was impressive was that all were thick chunks of meat and not overtaken by the breading. Sweet and sour chicken had a sauce already over it and was very flavorful. Also, the orange chicken had a nice little spice to it. Dessert: We shared ice cream which was standard vanilla, the rice balls in sweet broth soup and the eight jewel rice and for me the standout dish was the rice balls in sweet broth. Very different from anything I've ever had and yet very tasty. And the from the heat of the broth with a side of cold vanilla ice cream just ended the meal on a great note. Beverages, we just had the tea that was given to us and it was light and so tasty so no sweeteners were needed. Overall awesome experience here and can't wait to return here more often. So many other plates to try and more crab and pork dumpling soup to be had!!!
Really delicious.  my husband and I are from NYC and dont eat Chinese food upstate much, but we really LOVED the soup dumplings and Chinese broccoli.  Highly recommended.
This place is THE BEST CHINESE I have ever had! I have always told myself, "man I wish i could try what real Chinese food is, and not this sesame chicken crap..", well this MUST to be it. I was just there with 6 people and every. single. thing. was amazing!!! The crab and pork soup dumplings were incredible, the fish hot and sour soup..mmm, spicy wontons WOW, spicy prawns, crispy fish, pork belly, orange beef, scallops and baby bok choy.. OMG and that wasn't even everything... And the bill came I swear they must have left something off, I am so sick of paying 90 dollars for 2 plates of food I could make at home myself and a glass of 9 dollar wine. When you leave this place, if you didn't get your money's worth then I really don't know what you else you could possibly need.
Was in the Albany area on business and had a hankering for some Chinese.  Looked on-line and saw that this place had the best reviews around.  I got there at 7:45 on a Wednesday and the place was PACKED!  Always a good sign. I started off with the Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings which tasted amazing!  They take your standard pork dumplings and add a little bit of soup broth to the INSIDE of the dumpling.  What a great idea and unique twist on an old standard.  Pro tip: let these things cool off a little bit before biting into them.  I couldn't wait to dive in and the first bite felt like lava squirting into my mouth. I took things a little slower after that. I wasn't very adventurous with my entree, as I settled for the General Tso's Chicken with white rice.  Although this is a staple at ALL Chinese restaurants, this was was far superior to other versions that I have had!  The breading was super light, crispy and held up to the sauce that the chicken pieces were tossed in.  The portion was exceptionally large for the low price that was charged. All in all, I was very pleased with my dinner and will definitely visit them again on my next trip back.
This place is simply amazing. As close to authentic as you can get in this area. Soup dumplings, Yes Yes Yes! As well as the pan fried pork dumplings and the steamed veggie dumplings.  I LOVE dumplings! Hot and sour soup...the best I've ever had. The spicy cabbage appetizer was tasty. Their spicy pork and seafood dishes are amazing. And they have items such as jelly fish and sea cucumber which I'm building up the nerve to try! Their prices are amazingly inexpensive for the quality and quantity of food you get. Depending on what you order, you can have dinner for 2 people for under $20 with tons of food and leftovers. And their lunch specials are also very inexpensive, under $8. Just go! This is one of those little known gems just waiting to be discovered.
Came in on a 1 night business trip after reading reviews. The sliced pork in spicy broth was awesome!   The menu is like a catalog.  If I'm ever in town again I want to come back and really study it.  I've been to NY and Chicago Chinese restaurants that were rated higher and the food wasn't as good.  The ambience is 2 stars but the service and food more than makes up for it.
My favorites here are Crispy Turnip pastry, scallion pancake, steamed shrimp dumplings...fish filet in spicy broth.
I found Ala Shanghai while looking for a place around Albany that serves pork soup dumplings. Therefore, this review is STRICTLY based on their steamed pork dumpling. The price was $4 for 6 dumplings; this is a very cheap price considering Asian Pearl in Fremont, CA sells 4 for $3.95, Din Tai Fung in Seattle, WA sells 10 for $9.95 and 10 for $7.95 for 10 in Los Angeles.  So $8 for 12 is great. The dumplings came in the classic bamboo steam tray with an already prepared vinegar, soy sauce, and ginger sauce on the side. Right when I bit into it I noticed the thickness of the wonton skin. even though some of the juicy runs out, there wasn't much juice in it. The flavor was a bit lighter than most dumplings I've had. By the end of the meal, which lasted about 45 minutes, although the dumplings were still slightly warm, the skin had gotten hard and a bit stale. Service-wise: after finishing our first pot of tea, I opened the cap and pushed it to the edge of the table hoping to get a refill. Three people walked by multiple times without even noticing the empty pot or asked if we needed anything. It wasn't until I called for more tea that we got a new pot. We also sat there with empty water cups for a while. Side note: my friend wanted Seafood chow fun. surprisingly, they don't serve chow fun. so she opted for Salt and pepper squid instead.  The shrimp fried rice was plain--I do not recommend.
Last time I was in there....the soup dumpling has no soup, too oily and skin was too thick.  The other dishes I ordered was nothing special or not even good.  Is it just me or what? I am just so surprised with so many good reviews here. I didn't even bother to write bad reviews.  Im feeling in need to balance this bad review out a bit. Are these good review being paid by the owner or just a friend of the owners or is it  just my experience was just a bad one?
Thanks Yelp for a excellent find! When I first turned into the parking lot the restaurant was tucked away in the dark back lot which gave me mixed feelings of what to expect. Once inside though I felt at ease, it was very clean and quite busy for being late in the evening. The service was quick and great right away we were served tea and water. After looking over the extensive menu we decided upon the steamed pork soup dumpings which had a nice texture but the flavor of the filling was lacking.  The Chicken with corn soup was very light  and nice,  it could of been a little warmer with more corn but were splitting hairs now. Shared entree's were whole shrimp with salt and pepper which were cooked perfectly (I love me some shrimp heads) and double cooked pork which I could not get enough of. It was pork belly with peppers and cabbage and dried tofu in a spicy brown sauce mmmmm mmmm good. I will for sure be back soon to try more of their menu. I think this is my new go to place for great asian fare instead of going all the way to Albany for CCK or Shining rainbow.
Came here a second time (one week and one day after our first visit). Peking Duck:  Awesome, and unlike most Chinese restaurants, this is not an "order in advance" item.  Much better than the crispy duck (which was also good). Lion's Head:  This is a meatball, cooked in a sauce; it is the Chinese equivalent of Swedish meatballs.  Another culinary adventure you won't find at most Chinese restaurants.
What a great authentic Chinese restaraunt!  You must try the soup dumplings and use the vinegar soy ginger sauce they give you.  These things are amazing and thats probably all I'll eat next time.  I had orange chicken and it was very good and dinner portions are huge.  My friend had the the smoked pork with hot pepper and it was crazy good.  The pork was very bacon like so it did have a lot of fat but the flavor was amazing.  The menu is very extensive and I look forward to coming back to this place to try more of the menu.  Service was excellent and it seems the owner runs a tight kitchen.  Don't forget your soup dumplings!
Best Chinese food in the capital region by a good margin. I've been to Plum Blossom,  Emperor's--all of them, and this is leaps and bounds better. The spicy jumbo shrimp dish is one of the best dishes I've had around here, and the fried pork dumplings are awesome. Definitely worth a look, but don't go on a Friday night, it'll be a fucking service disaster.
I felt being fooled by the boss this time although I always like the food there! I'm really disappointed by the boss's attitude today in which he doesn't show any respect to a customer. When we arrived there, the receptionist pointed a table and told us that we need to wait for 15 to 20min. At the time that table finished, she guided some other people to that table. I was surprised and asked she why. When she was explaining to us. The boss stepped out rudely and said If we want to eat there, we have to wait for another 30mins with an indifferent attitude!!! Hey! Please be honest and show respect to your customer!!!
Two words. Soup dumplings!  Off the charts! Must try. The spicy crispy beef was just Ok. I'll definitely be back to try other items. Great service!
Seriously, amazing. We found out about this place on Yelp and the reviews did not lead us astray!! The pork soup dumplings are the BEST... do not miss out!! The service is incredibly attentive and the place is run like a well oiled machine. Enjoy!!
We had lunch there today. Great as ever, and THEY NOW HAVE THEIR BEER/WINE LICENSE! Yelp's description should be changed accordingly.
Stopped in on a whim by myself on the way home from shopping one evening. I'd heard they had great hot & sour soup (my favorite). I asked if I could get a cup without fungus and at first he said it was already made but then looked around at the quiet restaurant and offered to make me a special cup. I thought to myself, 'oh great, it's either going to be terrible or take forever." But, i was wrong on both - it was one of the best i'd tasted and only took a few minutes. I then had a spicy beef dish with dried tofu and jalapenos. Oh yea, soo good. I could only eat about 1/3 since the portion was huge. I was especially happy when the check arrived - 2 glasses of wine, soup and entree (which made 2 more meals) - only $23. Next time I'm going to be more adventurous and try one of the more traditional Shanghaiese meals. Great service, great food.
we came here during the chinese new year celebratory weekend and it was thus full up. our reservations were not found but they still accomodated us quite quickly at a large table. the service was impeccable. i won't mention all of the items we ordered as they have been mentioned and raved over in previous reviews (but i have to say that the scallion pancakes astonished me, they disappeared before you could blink and we had to order more.) robert and rob shared the eel dish that i sampled a bit of and the flavor was fantastic if a bit oily - which is to be expected as they poured hot oil on it as it arrived. they had a ton of vegan items to please kenz and my fake pork chop w/ salt and pepper (lightly fried tofu) was amazingly light, flavorful and addicting. the cucumber salad was also wonderful. we will most certainly be back to try out some of the other appealing items on the menu.
This is the best restaurant I've been to since I moved to the Capital District.  It's authentic Chinese food, and you see plenty of Asian faces among the clientele, so you know you're not at PF Chang's.  The trick to getting the most out of this restaurant is to go with someone who's Chinese, so they can order.
Great place to grab some authentic Chinese food. I highly recommend the peking duck. It's  served on steamed buns almost and is delicious. Soup dumplings are awesome too.
It's impossible to find a soup dumpling (aka XLB -- xiao long bao) in the Capital Region.   When I heard this new place opened up this spring and made XLB, well, I had to try them out.   Finally, I got a chance to make my way to Latham this week. We ordered from the dim sum menu despite it being late afternoon.  The XLB are listed as "steamed pork soup dumpling" under dim sum and come 6 buns to an order.  At $4 for an order, their prices are comparable to what you find in NYC or Boston.  The XLB were authentic, with a thin but firm skin, and nicely flavored pork filling inside.  My first order of XLB had a good amount of soup inside the buns.  Sadly, in my second order, there was almost no soup to be found! Our other dim sum dishes were Pan Fried Pork Dumpling, Scallion Pancake and Wonton in Spicy Flavor.  The wontons were good and spicy as promised.  They were also drizzled with a little peanut-sesame sauce that strangely lingered on my tastebuds long after we had left.  The scallion pancakes were slightly on the doughier side, but had good scallion flavor. Both of us really enjoyed our afternoon dim sum and it came out to a very reasonable $19 pre-tax.  Also, the service is good and the management seems helpful and open to suggestions.  I'm curious to see what Shanghai dishes they have to offer.  For now, though, I'm perfectly content at having satisfied my XLB craving.
Amazing Chinese food. The service was fast and pleasant. The food is better than most Chinese places in NYC. This is no classic oily Chinese restaurant. The portions are quite large though.
Ala Sanghai finally led me to my first yelp review. We recently moved from the Chicago area to the NY capital region and was frankly a little "worried" with the range of restaurant choices. However turned to Yelp for rescue and following the suggestions ended up at Ala Sanghai one day.  Boy were we pleasantly surprised!! The food, service and price are all great. We liked the food so much - we told them that they will likely see us pretty often and by now ( we moved here in Nov 2011) they know us quite well. I sincerely hope they do well and be here foe a looong time. One quick note - if you like shrimp, try c9 - that will be one good use of your $20.
Living nearby, I've driven by many times. Finally made it in and was not disappointed. Crispy beef, mooshu, General Tso's, and veg lomein all great. Will go back again soon. Lost 1 star because waiter clipping fingernails at front desk (not near food but could see and hear - yuck).
My new favorite Chinese restaurant! We had baby bok choy with crab sauce, which looked unappetizing but was crispy green with a lovely mild sauce. The sesame chicken, our son's standard dinner, was the best he'd ever had. And the whole shrimp in spicy sauce was just the right level of heat, although awkward to eat with chopsticks. (Next time we'll ask the friendly waitstaff for advice.) We will be back!
Went there for lunch the other day their beef is old. The soup dumpling's skin is too thick compare to the one I had in new York city but can't complain much since they're the only local restaurants that offer soup dumplings. Dinner dishes are expensive ;(
The best Chinese food, attentive service and great value for money. Keep going back for more...kids love it as well.
Don't judge a book by its cover! The outside was a bit sketchy but we were pleasantly surprised when we walked in. Everything we ordered was tasty. Good food. Great prices.
Excellent.  Best Chinese food in the area.
The food is fresh, flavorful and delicious. The service was great, and the price was very reasonable. We'll be back.
The food looks and tastes amazing, the staff is great, and the restaurant is aesthetically pleasing. Also, each order is definitely made to share! The last time I went (yesterday) my group got hot and sour soup, steamed flounder, spicy beef tofu stir fry, sesame chicken, Peking duck, scallion pancakes, and finished off with red bean buns. The Peking duck and steamed fish were my favorite! The steamed fish was like how my mom makes it at home so ala shanghai is DEFINITELY authentic. The Peking duck is made into adorable little sandwiches with the softest buns. You could tell that the sesame chicken was real chicken (unlike with bad take out) and the outside was nice and crispy. The soup had delicious chunks of fish in it and plenty of egg. There were watermelon seeds in the red bean bun which added a nice special touch! I also had ala shanghai cater for my sweet 16 roughly a year ago and it was pricy but worth it. ALL of the chinese food got eaten but we had leftover pizza and cake.
Solid, quality Chinese food in a pleasant atmosphere. My fiance and I dine here at least twice a month. Highlights include the hot and sour soup, inventive vegetarian entrees. The menu includes information on their unique ingredients, including the Aster in their delicious Aster salad appetizer.
Food and Service was amazing!
I've been to Ala a few times since it opened, and it never disappoints.  I haven't tried the fancier dishes, but their dim sum menu is fantastic. Their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, and pan-fried tiny pork buns are delicious and the red bean pancake is awesome. Each of those items are 4-6 dollars and a pretty decent meal in themselves, so you can have a serious feast for 10-15 bucks. Chinese-American staples, like General Tso's chicken, lo mein, and fried rice, are way above average, but I only make the trip up from Albany when I'm looking for some dim sum.
This place is a treasure. The food is fresh and very good. Service is efficient. Linen tablecloths and napkins give a classy touch and are sort of cool with the Chinese decor. The place is great value. Tip: portions are big for me so consider sharing entrees.
Best in capital district! I love it so much that I come here once a week.
Just about the best authentic Chinese food I've had outside Asia. My first visit here was at the behest of some native Chinese friends who had been and raved about it. Both my Chinese friends live in New York City, and both assured me that it was hard to find a restaurant as good as Ala Shanghai in NYC's Chinatown. We let the Chinese in our party do the ordering. Jellyfish appetizer was nice, though not especially memorable. But then the meatballs and whole steamed fish and Chinese broccoli came out. It was all fantastic. Excellent quality produce and fish, wonderfully prepared and all in some delicious, fantastic sauce. For me there's a level of deliciousness that is rarely achieved, where no matter how many bites you have of a dish, you can't help remarking every bite how delicious it is. That was this place for me. Even the simplest vegetable dish had me raving. Loved it. We had good service when we were there, and the bill was very reasonable. I am about to go there again, and will probably be there again Friday. The best meal I have had in the Albany area, period.
Amazing authentic Chinese food.  I was in Albany for work and was surprised to find such an authentic Chinese restaurant.  I had the Xiao Long Bao which was delicious and top notch.  As an entree I had the pan fried noodles which was the best pan fried noodles I have ever had.  In fact, it was so good I went back two days later and ordered the pan fried noodles again as takeout!  For dessert, I thought the red bean paste buns were pretty good. If you're in the Albany/Latham area and craving authentic Chinese, I'd recommend giving this place a shot.  There's some pretty adventurous stuff on the menu beyond just the basics as well.
This place is always great! Authentic Chinese food, friendly hosts, quick service and huge portions.  You can't go wrong here.
Without a doubt, this is the best Asian restaurant in the Albany area.  I have eaten here over 15 times and the service has been amazing each visit.  All the staff is very friendly and extremely attentive, but not annoying.   Yes, the menu is a little daunting and often a large menu makes me wary, but this is definitely not the case at Shangai.  The Peking duck is amazing, but be sure to ask them to leave the duck remnants at the table, after the staff artfully carves the bird table-side (because they will take away all of the great legs and rib meat).  I always order the pork soup dumplings.  Don't forget to try the dishes that need to be pre-ordered.  I  ate the duck and sea cucumber and  of course both were phenomenal.   And everything else that I have ever ordered has been great.   Normally, I would have no problem paying high prices for food and service like this, but this place is ridiculously cheap for what you get. You have to go.
Was in Albany for business from the bay area. One of the guys I work with took us here. They were a bit apologetic because there are a lot of good authentic Chinese places in the south bay (I can walk to more than 10). Ala Shanghai beats them all. Terrific dumplings, awesome Peking duck prepared at your table and a clay pot chicken and water chestnut dish that was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Looking forward to the next trip just to go here again.
For all the hype this place gets, the only thing that really backs it up are the soup dumplings. If you go there and just get those, I'm sure you'll have a 5 star experience. But with a waiter up your rear end every 5 minutes and chinese food that is only moderately better than take out, you could certainly do better given the area. I'll probably be back once more to give it another shot eventually considering my review is based on one trip. It could've just been an off night for them, but it was really just average.
I'm not impressed! Reading the yelp reviews, this place sounded promising and upon entering and observing the service and decor, I was expecting authentic Chinese food. When you enter, the place looks beautiful with nice lighting and clean tables and whatnot. It could have been located in Chinatown and I wouldn't have noticed. The service was great but I wish the food matched it. We ordered some dim sum-crispy wontons, turnip pasteries, scallion pancakes and the xiao long bao (soup dumplings). Everything was dull and fried. Scallion pancakes lacked flavor, turnip pastries tasted doughy. The soup dumplings were the best part, but I've had Joe Shanghai's so this did not compare...but not bad at all. We had for dinner Shrimp Lo mein and Vermicelli soup noddles with mock chicken. So hmm the shrimp lo mein looked and tasted like it could have been a standard americanized take out and the soup noodles was just noodles and the mock chicken was on the side...no garnishes or anything but it was 5 bucks so I guess it was worth the price? Overall, it was an okay food experience. Don't think I'll be going back unless I am craving the soup dumplings.
Everything was great. On par with places in NYC or Boston. Huge variety.
I've been there about four times and generally find the food to be bland and nothing special.
This location had a series of eateries that have not been able to survive. I certainly hope that Ala Shanghai does! They have somehow made the interior nicer despite keeping the floor and ceiling tiles (they may make it noisy if it get very busy). Pleasant but uneven service (waiter forgot a part of our order, was unable to explain in English what a dish included) but was invariably smiley and polite. Dim Sum selection was lovely. A nice touch that they had 4th of July specials! I have not tried the big plates yet but am looking forward to try them, The chef's specials look awesome. Do check it out.
Very tasty! I don't usually like sesame chicken, but when my table ordered it, I couldn't get enough. The food was piping hot when it came out, and the servers were very attentive, but almost too much so; too few people to serve, and too many waiters? The appetizers were great, and overall, I say go...your mouth will thank you
We have yet to have a meal we didn't like!  The Peking Duck is fantastic - the person who didn't like the house crispy duck should try this instead.  The soup portions are large and the soups very flavorful.  If you want something without sugar or starch and are trying for lo-carb, just ask.
Great meal.  Maybe the best Chinese I've had...certainly the best in the Capital Region.  We had reservations for a Friday night.  Good thing as there was a good sized line by the time we finished eating.  We had dim sum to start.  The steamed shrimp dumplings were fantastic.  Not fishy.  Not gooey.  The Shu Mai was tasty, but had a bit more rice than either of us liked.  The spicy soy sauce was a perfect complement to both.  We ordered the spicy fish fillet and the scallops with bok choy.  They were both fantastic, although my wife and I decided we could share a meal next time in (soon, I expect).  It was a moderately inexpensive meal, at $50 for the two of us.  All 5 stars well earned.
I have been here several times.  The food is as good as China Town in NYC.  I have had one great meal after another.  Soup dumplings, chili fish bellies, various soups.  Service can be somewhat chaotic but the authenticity of the food can't be beat.  Will surly return!
Stop the presses. I ordered from here shortly after arriving in the capital region and I was pleasantly surprised. But wasn't blown away. However the other day I ordered food for our movie crew, not sure of what the response would be, well the response was AMAZING. The food went so quick, i barely even got a bite. Today I went for lunch to eat in to really see how the food was. FANTASTIC. Everything was top of the line. I was really scratching my head, I always say there is no reason that the best chinese chef in the world couldn't be in Wichita, or Latham for that matter. Well turns out my story isn't so far off. The owner of this restaurant was one of the owners of Yeah Shanghai, my favorite Shanghainese restaurant in NYC. He brought the chef from there and staff and it shows. The only depressing part is I'm only here for one more week, that being said I will be back often in the next 10 days. The capital region should be sending Lanny Lau the owner flowers and gifts for bringing 5 star chinese food to this area.
