Great football atmosphere with a friendly and attentive staff on a busy Sunday afternoon.  Nachos a little too loaded which made them soggy. We will go back and try the pizza but will never order wings again.
Two pool tables and STEEL dart boards. Pizza was good. Drinks are pricey $$$$. Very open and roomy. Open patio in the back and large bar in front.
Great place to watch the games.
The lunch specials are really great. It looks more like a bar from the outside, but it's a nice place for a business lunch too. Friendly service and the pizza is outstanding! They are the large, New York style slices...very tasty! We'll definitely be back.
Roomy area with a few pool tables and a large bar in the center. Drinks are cheap, friendly service, food is the typical bar fare. It's a definite step down from O'Malley's and the Mansion, but worth checking out when you want a younger, much less refined demo.
This place was random. So random. It's a very large bar (located in the center of the place, with an ample amount of tables and booths scattered surrounding it. There is a tiny little stage in the back with a little dance floor in front of it. When I entered there was a DJ playing a pretty decent mix of music, house, hip-hop, Top 40. All dance worthy tracks. Then, a cover band started playing, which changed the bar vibe a bit. The music in here was BLARRING. I am from Vegas, you expect this in a club, but this is a bar. Come on now. They offer malibu buckets (people drink from buckets!!!) and have an assortment of drink specials. There were all kinds of people here. All different walks of life. I will give this bar kudos for checking IDs. The ONLY bar that did this on my trek around downtown on a Friday night. The place was clean and the staff was really friendly. I do recommend that the turn the music down and set an overall theme for the night. They do offer food and there are several TVs all over the place. Definitely a place to catch a game at.
I don't even want to give this place 1 star!!!! After FINALLY finally getting seated, and the place was far from busy, took the longest time for the waiter to come over and get our beverage order. He was the only one actually doing anything!! Waitresses and waiters kept walking by our table and I said something to one waitress and she replies, this isn't my table but I'll find someone then proceeds to talk about her sex life to the other waiter while moving tables constantly because they wanted to look busy. Finally when we got our food it was luke warm. The restroom was far from clean and when you walked by the kitchen a waitress was in there brushing her hair around the food!! I won't be back!!
Everyone talked about "the new place" cuz well, there ain't much around here. We finally muscled up the gang to go and well, um, yeah. Strike One: Apparently the ladies dress code is 1 of 3 choices: booty shorts & heels, Wilma Flinstone Top & Heels or short dress & heels (optional to have it be Wilma Flinstone style). We walk in and it's loud. Though not apparently loud enough to drown at the hmmmmmm what's the word for a lame guy that mixes douche & dirtbag? DourcheBag? Dirche? Whatevs - there were 4 groups of 'em right as we walked in alone. That would be an immediate Strike 2. (If I gave a strike for each separate group, well let's just say they wouldn't be able to win even a Pee Wee League Championship til 2570). Ay Caramba Que Lata Dios Mio - we're stuck here til our other friends show up. So we saunter to the front corner of the bar to pass time with alcohol. Next to a group of 12 yr olds (ok possibly 21, they check ID's and all) "Oh my GAAAAAAWWWWWWD * high pitch chihuahua voice* I totally saw Jason look at Becky who told Jimmy that Susie totally ......." I just start laughing, in their faces, as I look over my shoulder to get my love & my BFF's drink order. Jesus H we've just walked into lunchtime at the middle school. Strike Three. The place is pretty good sized w/ a long rectangular bar that stretches the room. There are tables on the right, booths on the left. They apparently serve food and had a stage area in the back where a band was setting up. The loud din wasn't cuz it was so crowded but more from the fact that the jukebox (?) was cranked so loud everyone pretty much had to yell to converse. Our drinks weren't water, but sure as hell didn't contain a lot of booze. I over tipped him anyhoos, as looking around, his clientele could barely fake being an adult let alone know how to decently tip someone. We head to the back patio which was much nicer. It's a bit small & cramped but they've got tables & chairs plus a kick ass bartender chica who pours them quick & strong. There was some photographer guy snapping pics as various groups waved him over - we just kept turning around whenever he raised his lens to us - no need for photographic proof I spent 45 min in this place! The rest of our group started trickling in and we ran into a couple peeps my love hadn't seen in a while - who admitted they were there for the the simple fact that: The place is new and the girls are young & dumb. This place is excellent for those who neglect to realize whether they have a fake gold chain or not they're still trailer, people in their 20's & 30's who like to act 15, snarky bitches who love to laugh at people. Still trying to decide between Train Wreck or Circus. Either way we'll be back to try it again during Happy Hour as rumor has it the food's pretty tasty. Ever go there again on a weekend night? Hell to the No.
So Traxx is the last place you should stop if you are pub-crawling downtown Melbourne. The pizza is worth it when you've been pumped with some drinks. I can't really give a more detailed review, mainly because I only go here when I've been drunk. Make sure to take a cab home!
Just returned from a week in Melbourne.  We hit this place up after an evening in town and needed something to eat late.  We ordered at the outside window and the pizza was made quickly to our special request and was still steaming hot after we walked back to the place we were staying.  Good tasting too!   The clientele actually going into the club looked young and the music was a bit too loud for us but if we ever visit again, we will certainly try the pizza again.
Had lunch here with a big group. Food was good but not a favorite.  Whatever the bread was on my club sandwich made it yummy.   My teen boys had a pizza and they loved it. At the whole darn thing.  Beer is cold and the waitress was very sweet.
I come here pretty frequently. I usually go to the back because that's where I have all of my fun! The back isn't much in the sense of amenities; a bar, chairs and tables fill the space. The food here is excellent during the day and once you have had "one too many" at night they serve pizza until close which is some of the best pizza you can get in Melbourne! Three names - John, Todd, and Candice; I have run the gambit here as far as bartenders go and these three have been the most efficient and also friendly. The ambience here is reminiscent of a hometown/sports bar, with way more to offer than you would expect. In addition, they have a performance space and a dance floor which on weekends and special events are used heavily. I don't have many complaints, however, the major one would be the daytime bar staff. Everyone I mentioned earlier works, as far as I know, at night. The day time/afternoon staff must be under some sort of time restraint or under staffed. I expected them to be just as friendly as the night crew, but I suppose that isn't the case. To clarify, they aren't unfriendly, but not as friendly as they could be. All in all, Off the Traxx is a great place for Friday-Sunday night. They have just about everything you could ask for in a bar around here! Enjoy.
When downtown Melbourne this place is not bad. Good drink specials, but can get pretty boring very quickly.
Just went this weekend. Bartending staff is and always has been CONSISTENTLY slow and ignorant, even when it's not that busy. It's generally a very frustrating place to go.
Not good but not bad. Pretty average large bar with music and plenty of people. Only real stand-out thing is that they have a window for a pizza restaraunt right in the bar so you don't have to go far to get your grub on with some decent slices.
I've been here twice. Once during the middle of the week for a late lunch, and once on a Friday night during a bar hopping girls night out. My first experience, for lunch, was great. The place was deserted, our server was friendly and the food was fantastic. My night time experience was a 180. It was crowded, no where to stand, or sit and it was dirty. Very awkward feeling. We all ordered rum & coke (it was also difficult to get a bartenders attention, although it was very busy) and omg it was the worst drink I've ever had. It was so strong it tasted like I was drinking rum out of the bottle. Not an enjoyable experience at all. I'll definitely go back for lunch, but there's no way I'll go back during the evening.
Great sports bar in the middle of Downtown Melbourne. The food is great, but sometimes the service is a little lacking. They do happen to have the best shrimp po'boy I've had outside Louisiana. It is always loaded with shrimp and their remoulade sauce is excellent. Their pizza is also pretty good and they have plenty of seating. You can also catch your games there since there are TV screens all over the place. They also have a limited take-out menu that you can order from the window outside, or you can call and order anything off the menu to pick up inside.
Great atmosphere, good drink prices, and good wings.
Typical bar, loud music and good selection of beer. However be careful of the Disgruntled PIZZA workers behind the counter. Around 10 pm, I went inside to order  two slices of pizza! As I watched him prepare my slices I noticed that the slices were dark brown to almost black. So I politely asked him for two fresh slices that just came out of the oven. He immediately said "they are fresh and what am I supposed to do with these slices, I got to rotate them". So I immediately said, "Can I just have two fresh slices" He said "NO" and refused to sell me the pizza.  I said Okay and walked out.  I am originally from NY and know what quality pizza should look and in all my days  eating pizza I never experienced a worker denying me a pizza because the customer doesn't thinks its not fresh. By no means I am not a picky eater because I have ate pizza that been sitting under a heat lamp. However the S*** that he wanted to sell to me just so he can get rid of it could have been fed to dogs in the street. Next Time PIZZA GUY with the Glasses "Just cut the damn new pie".
