What the bumboclot? The food here is amazing. Just today, myself and a few co-workers decided to give it a first time try, and our digestive cavities plus taste-detectors experienced extreme sensual Indian pleasures. It was Pocahontasty! Be wary of the awesome and friendly owner: he never reveals the secret ingredients in the delectable sauce of the delicious Chicken Tikka Masala, but I will not give up in trying to find out. Kama and Sutry it for yourself. There's naan like it.
I want so badly to give this place 5 stars, I'm that fond of the owner, but I save the fifth star for either very unique experiences, or cash bribes. And no matter how outstanding the flavor and service at Aashiana may consistently be, it is similar to other ethnic food spots in menu offerings. Saleem (or Salim? showing off my ignorance here) is the man. That really sums up the business in so many ways. The owner/operator runs the entire business himself, and he takes pride in it. For some people this is a weakness but here it gives you a feel of neighborhood identity and personal attention. On top of all this, he has superior recipes and is friendly and attentive every single time. His Vindaloo is the best in the capital district, hands down. Beyond that, while I find the flavor and spice to be superior to other Albany Indian-Pakistani cuisine options, the menu is very much run-of-the-mill. Taste and ingredients are usually better, but otherwise it's more of the same you find in every city. All of the recommended menu items are the same thing every white person orders when they go to such a restaurant, it's always all about the Chicken Tikka Masala and Vegetable Samosas with us crackers. Well, if you have to be vanilla even with your exotic food, might as well go here. His Masala is thick and yogurt-y, it tastes of curry and fenugreek. I prefer this to onion-tomato based Masala-type sauces which you can buy under different names here. The location on Central isn't exactly block of the year material, but he keeps his restaurant clean, both in terms of aesthetics and health regulations. His record with the County is excellent. It's kind of a hole-in-the-wall neighborhood joint with very nice aesthetics.
I can always count on delicious takeout from Aashiana. The yellow lentil soup and chicken tikka masala are two of my favorites. This is definitely my favorite place to get tikka masala!
Unimpressed. The chicken tikka masala was eh, and the veggie combo was just so-so.
The food here is fantastic! Very fresh & FULL of flavor. Portions are reasonable for the price, and the service is excellent. I have tried the meat combo appetizer, chicken tikka masala, onion naan, & garlic naan. Quick, free delivery too!
First tried this place several years ago when I visited Albany with some UAlbany alum and they insisted (demanded?) we go here for the lamb biryani. I remember it being delicious. Last Monday, I ended up in Albany for the day and didn't get around to having breakfast til dinner time. Figured why not lamb biryani? Sometimes I forget how much cheaper food is outside of NYC. I had one of those ballin' in upstate NY moments. Insane how far your dollar can stretch at this place. Dishes that normally go for $16+ in the city are under $10 here! The waitstaff is comprised of just one uncle (Fun fact: In Indian culture, older people are called uncles and aunties, even if you're not related) who happens to also be the owner. Really nice guy who was happy to chat with us and was very attentive. I remember when I came here years ago, the people I came with greeted him like an old friend. It's that kind of service. We tried the lamb biryani, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, samosa chaat and jalapeno cheese naan (novel idea). I hadn't eaten all day so everything probably tasted extra delicious, but man, that lamb biryani was ON POINT. Everything else was outstanding as well. Just the right amount of spice! No watered down Indian buffet flavors here. There's one other really good Indian restaurant in Albany I know of but they're pricier and actually have multiple locations throughout NY. If you wanna try a place unique to Albany, go here!
Elated when I found out they delivered! The aloo gobi, my go to vegetarian dish, is amazingly delicious. Great price for great quality food. I highly recommend.
I have been here several times and I have always been satisfied and more with their meals. It is a simple place, and their meals are pretty straight forward Indian-Pakastani. I had the beef shwarma last week. I asked if it can be served spicy and they gave me an option of 1 to 10. I took the 10 and, oh yeah, it was hot all right! But not so I was really uncomfortable and it really brought out the rich flavors of the spices. My wife had a mango flavored beef dish which knocked her out. They also have various flavored Nan. We had the garlic one and it was to die for. There is no alcohol there, although they have non alcoholic beverages. I have only been there for dinner, and there are always plenty of tables available. Reservations are never necessary. Parking is on street, but I've never had trouble parking there. The owner is pleasant and very willing to please.  The prices are extremely reasonable. Most dishes are right around the $10 area and the servings are generous to say the least. I always end up taking some home. Again, this is a casual place and the menu is standard fare for it's type. I don't think it would qualify as gourmet food, but it is delicious, the place is comfortable and well worth patronizing.
Friends and I stopped by here on way to Lake George in upstate NY.  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala for $10.95 (comes with rice) and a side of Naan ($1.75).  It was delicious! Staff was kind and courteous. My only qualm was that they haven't updated the prices of their menu as listed here on Yelp.  Everything was about + 20-30% of whatever is listed here - so, heads up! But delicious nonetheless.  Would revisit if I lived here.
I decided to take my parents here based on the reviews and the fact that they had an open buffet for dinner. At first we were very scared, the place being very tiny and minimal decorations. We decided we were already there so might as well try it. SO GLAD WE DID!!!! The food was on point. It tasted very homemade and was very cheap. The owner seemed to know everyone that walked in the door and he treated us like family. We are definitely planning on going back! Don't let the small restaurant scare you off from the amazing food!!!
I love the food here!  Great fast friendly service. I have been here twice and both times the food was delicious I had the  Chicken Shawarma Wrap and the Shish Tawook.
Don't hesitate. Best Indian food I have ever had. Fresh, clean-tasting, spiced just right. I cannot imagine finding better Indian food ANYWHERE at ANY price and I'm extremely picky. Getting delivery food when you have to work in your hotel instead of going out can be risky. Cold food. Blah food. Burnt food. Often no other options other than pizza or Asian.  This past Tuesday night I found a site called Mealeo (definitely use them--they donate one meal to Feeding America for each purchased order!!). I read the great reviews about Aashiana and figured I'd try it out. The owner answered the phone, said he was too busy to take my order right then, but would call me back (it was 8 pm). I thought that was kinda funny, but hey, my mouth was already watering over his menu, so what the heck.  Sure enough, at 8:25 he called back, took my order, then delivered it within about 30 minutes. Extremely pleasant guy, by the way. Affable, cheerful, even late in the evening. Had the Falafel Platter, a side of basmati rice, veggie soup, hummus, kheer and a strawberry Lassi. Yeah, I over-ordered cause I was starved and it all sounded so good!.   The falafel was perfectly fried and the tziziki sauce was cold and tasty. The veggie soup was thick with veggies and spiced just right, and the hummus was perfectly smooth, with the right touch of garlic, plus a hint of red pepper to give it a little kick. Also, don't miss the kheer--rice pudding. It was flavorful, the texture was just right and it was sweet but not sickly sweet. Also had the strawberry Lassi--like liquid yogurt with fresh strawberries--ooooh, so good and it was ice cold. Everything was well-packed, nothing leaked in the bag either, which was a plus. What surprised me was the following: 1. Excellent flavor balancing--not overspiced or blah 2. Hot food was hot and cold food was icy cold 3. No greasy texture or mouth-feel at all, often an issue with delivered food 4. None of the food was over-or-under-cooked, overly sweet or had the taste of processed ingredients. All in all, it was amazing. Portions were more than generous for the $26 I paid. There was so much food that I took the leftovers to my client's office the next day to enjoy for lunch! Sorry this was so long! I can't stop raving haha Anne
I've tried quite a few Pakistani-Indian buffets, and this was the best by far. I was a little worried when finding the restaurant because I wasn't sure about the neighborhood, but as soon as I walked in it was a completely different atmosphere. The waiter (and owner, who greets every table) was really kind and the food was fantastic! The chicken tikka masala was out of this world, and the pakoras had amazing flavor. Now I'm looking for excuses to go back!
I'm at a bit of a disadvantage here, because I grew up in the MidWest, where there isn't a whole lot of Indian food.  My ability to identify Indian Food is on par with what the average American's ability to tell the difference between casseroles.  I happen to be great at telling the differences between casseroles, as that is a MidWestern staple (hot dish, 'salad', 'pies', and casseroles can all be casserole dishes).  Really, anything served in a ceramic bowl can be considered a casserole.  If you go to a Mid-Western potluck, especially at a church function, you'll find that about 80% of the food is called a casserole of some kind, despite a rather large variety of nonspicey-homecooked foods being present. Anyway, when I walk into an Indian food buffet I don't really know what I'm trying.  And you do have to walk to Aashiana's, because it is on Central Avenue which is a nightmare for finding parking at any reasonable hour of the day that you'd want to eat.  I go for the Friday buffet, and I really quite like it.  It gets crowded for the buffet from 5 to 6 but it clears out around 6 and you've got the place to yourself.  Really, the trick is to come after 6 because that's when you no longer have to pay for meter parking. I really do like it here, but I don't know the names of any of the foods.  What I do know is the colors of the foods that I like.  I'm a big fan of their white foods; they very from dish to dish but they are always really good and I never regret the 'plate real-estate' they take up.  The green foods are alright, very 'planty', and despite it being mangled and mashed in many different ways I can always guess what vegetable or fruit it started out as.  Their yellow foods are good.  Some are surprisingly spicey, so it's a good idea to have a full glass of water ready to go.  And I saved the best for last:  The orange foods served here are really the best!  They've got the flavor, the spice, and are very full tasting.  I love their orange foods!  I get a bit of everything and I love it all. The staff here are nice.  I think they understand MidWesterners like me (we stand out in an Indian food place), because they keep my water glass full.  I'd probably figuratively die from the spice if they didn't. It is rather snug place, being a tiny location.  The theme of the decorations seems to be 'Yellow', as that's the color of the wall , but they really should decorate orange since their best tasting foods are orange.  The price is decent  What keeps it from being a 5 is that the parking situation is a nightmare, and it isn't the best tasting Indian food I've ever had (they could  step up their game in the yellow section).
Best buffet I've had so far. Aashiana also has dinner buffet, which is also the best!
A friendly, motivated owner makes me smile! Aashiana is run by some truly nice people. And the food? Absolutely awesome! I like the buffet, but their wraps and ok, everything is just so tasty! I really like how very fresh everything tastes, and how sparingly they use oil (or at least the food isn't drenched/coated in oil). For a really good deal, their buffet can't be beat. I've also seen people bring their kids in, with no problems at all. In fact, I've seen more parents bring their kids in here to grab lunch than in other places, fwiw. They also do catering, but can only deliver past 7 pm (not enough staff before then), the last time I checked.
I think this was my best Indian food yet. My boyfriend and I were on a road trip and passed through Albany. Tired of eating the horrid (it's the only thing on the road:( !!)  McDonalds, we started a-yelpin'. We ran across this Indian-Paki restaurant and decided it was a go. We arrived at 9pm to eat and it was deserted inside. We were awkwardly led to our table by the owner. I ordered the Bhinda Masala which is delicious okra, tomatoes, and onions. The okra was chopped and amazingly slimy (the way okra should be). My boyfriend ordered the Lamb Vindaloo which had huge chunks of lamb and potatoes. We ordered them spicy, and they were both served alongside a bed of rice. Both dishes were perfectly spicy and the perfect portion. Because we were the only souls in the restaurant, the owner started to have a conversation with us while we were eating (?). He was friendly and had prepared the food himself, so we thanked him, shook hands, and were on our way with satisfied tummies. I do believe they have a lunch buffet that's probably very good, and this is actually when the place is crowded.
I've walked by Aashiana lots of times on my way to Shalimar.  And now, as I get ready to leave Albany, I'm hitting myself for it.  Aashiana is cheaper, and the quality of the food is the same, if not better, than that of Shalimar (who habitually dries out some of the chicken cubes in the tikka masala).   The dining room is small, unpretentious and set at a comfortable temperature.  The buffet is from 11:30-3 on weekdays, but the staff is just as welcoming to the people who come in first thing as it is to the people who walk in at 2:30 (*cough, cough, Curry House!*).  Service is great-- I'm talking the kind that, in the background, refills your water and naan while you're conversing with your friends (if I had any). The food makes me feel like I'm 9 again, eating my mom's home cooking for lunch on a weekend in Punjab -- only I'm not Indian or Pakistani, neither is my mother, and I've never even been to that region;   I just feel nostalgic for memories I've never had. Oh, and they actually refrigerate their drinking water, instead of giving you lukewarm water with melting ice cubes in it.  Believe it or not, this is harder to come by than you think!! My only complaint is how desserts are served on styrofoam plates and cups.  ... and oh, I also hate parallel parking... and oh, it's closed on Sundays.   $6.95 + tax for a buffet with fresh naan, 4 vegetarian dishes, 2 meat dishes,  tandoori chicken, rice pudding, fresh salad, tabouleh salad, hummus and hot spiced tea!  How the hell can you beat that?? Go!!!  Save the Aashiana!!!
FYI, the tender, succulent lamb briyani is back on the dinner buffet! Aashiana rules!
I went here on a Friday evening for the dinner buffet.  The food wasn't so spectacular that I was *impressed* but I did enjoy it thoroughly.  Also, the naan was delicious.  The owner is really nice and knows my brother by now so he was super chatty.  We brought a Pakistani friend with us and they spoke in Urdu (I assume).  My baby niece made a huge mess and the owner didn't seem to mind.  Also, they accidentally took her baby spoon/fork and they cleaned them before returning them to us. There is a lot of variety at the buffet even though the place is small.  I liked the tandoori chicken and chicken shawarma.  I don't know the price on the buffet because my brother scooped up the bill.  That might factor into my evaluation but I think it deserves the four stars.
Aashiana is tiny.  Lets just get that out of the way first.  If you arrive for dinner buffet with a large/medium group, don't be surprised if you share a table with a couple or someone dining alone.  Its ok, we're all friends.   Everything is always very good and owner is very friendly and strives to provide the best customer service. We've never had the issue with the flies that a previous reviewer mentioned or required a bottle opener (because seriously?).   I got the shawarma wrap once and it was very good and we tend to go the buffet often which allows me the chance to try different things.  I've always enjoyed it (well except for the eggplant and okra dishes, I've never been a big fan of those).
I honestly have no idea why this place has gotten the good reviews it has. After reading good reviews, and seeing that Aashiana was one of the few Indian restaurants open "late" (read: 9pm) on a weekday night, I tried it the other night.  I immediately wished I hadn't. We were the only people in the joint, which is normally a red flag for me.  But it had been a long day, there weren't too many other options, and we were there.   Ordered the Tandoori Chicken Tikka, some Aloo Naan, a lamb dish, and raita.  Nothing, and I mean nothing, was good.  The chicken was barely edible.  The rice was not made with saffron, but perhaps cheap curry powder.  The naan was unlike any other naan I've ever had at an Indian restaurant, made with what seemed like dehydrated potato flakes.  The flavors were weak, and off.  The chicken was clearly not made traditionally, but was greasy and fatty. Long story short - I was still hungry when we left, and utterly disappointed.  I will never go back.
This little middle eastern place, located right near Shalimar, is completely unassuming but it's good and cheap. I've gotten takeout once and eaten in and both times were very good (and did I mention cheap?) My chicken shish tawook had just the right amount of spice and moisture. The yogurty-sauce was delicious too, and there was a huge portion of rice.  The salad it came with was a little odd but not bad, just basic. For $7.95, it was a generous portion. My boyfriend said his beef dish was also really good and the friend I ate there with the another night liked her grilled chicken tawook a lot. Their chai is quite good. It's not the grossly sweet and whipped cream-topped concoction you get in coffe places but rather just a nice spicy tea with milk. Both times I've been here, there was no one else there. And that's a shame, because it's a really good value. However, the ambiance is lacking and the decor is well, austere. Both could be vastly improved and I think it would make it a more inviting place. It's location near the corner of Central and Henry Johnson is also kind of drag, although it is certainly convenient for the Center Square residents. They advertise a lunch buffet for $5.95 that apparently features "4 - 5 vegetarian dishes, 2-3 meat dishes, rice, salad, bread, sauces, and dessert ." I haven't tried it yet thanks to my work schedule but my mother claims it's really good.
Have been to some really good indian places (not in Albany unfortunately) I can say that this place is decent.  Went there for the Friday night buffet- was pleasantly surprised that food was hot and delicious.  I'm not around downtown for the lunch buffet, but I can assume it's also pretty good (and a good deal for $6.95).   Price for dinner depends on what you get- the Friday night buffet is about 10 bucks; entrees range from about $5-15. A little small for big groups.  I was there with a group of 8 and we took up almost half the dining room.  I think they also do take-out.
My family and I came here for dinner because of the great reviews. It's a cute little restaurant on a busy street. The owner and another server were both there taking orders and refilling our drinks. Both were very nice and attentive. We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, and Beef Korma. All 3 dishes were delicious with tender pieces of meat, plenty of sauce and full of flavors!! Rice came with the dishes and we also ordered naan to go with it. Note: The prices on their website are not correct. The main dishes were about $2 more.
The food was fresh and in abundance although I didn't arrive early at the Friday dinner buffet. It now goes until 9pm and costs 10 bucks. Service was very kind, and the buffet had 2 kinds of chicken curry, tandoori chicken, two kinds of rice, two vegetarian curries and chutney. There was also a plate with papadam, chickpea salad and vegetarian options. Naan was served hot to the tables. For dessert there were fried dough balls in syrup (forgot the name of the dish), kheer (rice pudding) and oranges. Everything was fresh, hot and very delicious.
Let me start off by saying that I am writing a review of Aashiana 's lunch buffets and Friday evening buffet. I have not written a review previously since I wanted to see whether the restaurant would live up to my expectations and consistently deliver the quality of food that most restaurants/food places do when they open initially and then dwindle down few years later. Aashiana Restaurant, Albany has lived up my expectation of consistent and good quality Indian / Pakistani food at the buffet since the first time I ate at the Central Ave location in around 2008. I had never been to the Schenectady one. The buffet is at a very reasonable price and is a good deal (Lunch buffet $6.99 including Saturday). Am originally from India and know Indian / Pakistani food quite well and also when the food kicks a$$. The fantastic taste of the foods at Aashiana is a reflection of the quality of spices used in preparation of the foods as well as the preparation itself. I have tasted the buffets at all the other restaurants within the same block and in my opinion Aashiana stands above the rest. In terms of more variety of options, Jewel of India offers more however as a person from India am all about taste and spice. The food seems to contain less oil/butter than other places that I have eaten Indian food at. Hey, I love that there is always fresh Hummus / Houmous and raw cut vegetables available to give that healthy touch as well. I like to spread the hummus on hot naan; its yummy. Decent variety of vegetarian options and the vegetable dishes have been different on my different visits. You know the quality and taste of food is really good when the owner's (Salim) family is involved in the preparation of the food on a daily basis. I have nothing against quality chefs at other restaurants, but Aashiana food reminds me of homemade food because of the special touch. Naan is served fresh and quickly too, rather than be piled at a corner of the buffet station to get cold and rubbery as in most other restaurants. The owner who is involved in service as well is friendly and seems to ensure customer satisfaction. The service (water/drinks refill and plates cleanup) is prompt and the buffet has mostly been warm and full. The extra options for appetizers(aloo tikki, mini samosas, chicken tikka, chaat) and desserts(Gulab jamun, fluffy cake bites, rice pudding) in the friday evening buffet is well worth it (Friday evening Buffet $9.99). The rice pudding is much thicker in consistency than at other restaurants. The place maybe a bit small but it is clean and the excellent food more than makes up for it. :-) I have ordered the Okra Masala (extra spicy), Palak Paneer & Lamb Curry with the Combination Platter for appetizer in the past for a takeout and especially loved the spiciness of the first dish and the rest was fantastic as well. Parking at Central Ave near the restaurant maybe a bit of a hassle, but I park at the Washington Park and walk; it works for me - less than 5 minute walk.
Food and wonderful service can't be beat - highly recommend their buffet! I've eaten there several times and consistently excellent.  Albany's best kept secret!
Just finished dinner -- chicken tikka was awesome !! Don't miss it. Also had the vegetable samosa appetizer which was great too. They were very hospitable, definitely will be back !
Was really excited to try this place as it had the best Indian food reviews (in Albany) on Yelp. Sadly yelpers, you've let me down. 1. The place is BYOB, but they didn't have a bottle opener. Note - bring bottle opener with you. The waiter asked if we wanted pliers and also brought out a foot long chef's knife and asked if that would help. E for Effort maybe? We went to a sketch bar across the street, they opened the bottle but scared my coworker in the process. 2. There were way to many fruit flies. First we tried moving tables. Then I killed one and hoped that solved the issue. Sadly, there were more. 3. When I went to wash my hands after killing flies, there was an odd pot next to the toilet. Not sure how to interpret that one, just stating the facts. 4. The food - lets get to the food. - Greek Salad was good, yogurt dressing was also good. - Raita was refreshing - Chicken Vindaloo was in a red sauce, I've always had this come out in a green sauce. Tasty but definitely not prepared authentically according to my Indian coworker who had come with us. - Aloo Ghobi - again tasty, but spicier than the Chicken Vindaloo which his supposed to come spicy. - Chicken Karachi - according to my coworker this isn't supposed to come in a rich sauce, but more diced tomatoes and peppers. This one appeared to contain more oil than the gulf spill so I stayed away. - Naan - the naan was naan. The rice was rice. Overall I appreciated the BYOB, the reasonable prices and the company. However, I didn't appreciate the bugs. I've definitely had better. I would not return.
Went on a Friday afternoon and got the buffet. The food was good, but not great. The service was solid. I needed numerous drink refills as the food was spicey and the man running the place did a good job of getting them for me quickly. The price was very cheap as two of us ate for less than $20 pre tip. Nothing special here, but it is a good solid buffet that I would eat at again.
I eat at Aashiana regularly because I'm scared it will go away - I love this place! What its lacking in ambiance, it more than makes up with service and delicious, affordable food. I'm a big fan of the schwarma but I've tried many other dishes, both middle eastern and the newer Indian menu, and have never eaten anything that wasn't just awesome. The lunch buffet is incredible - one of my favorite places to go. Lots of vegetarian dishes, too. Not everything is under $10 but if that's what you're aiming for, there are lots of options.  If you look past the lack of decor and sketchy neighborhood, the owner Salim will go out of his way to make sure you have everything you need for a great meal - and probably remember you when you return.
Awesome Chicken tikka masala! The owner is very nice and welcoming. Must try the shawarma wrap! Will definitely be visiting plus more often.
Great food and good prices
Ordered delivery from there this past weekend. 45 minutes later, as promised, the service was prompt and efficient.  I had the lamb biryani, garlic and cheese naan, and the chicken tikka masala. the lamb biryani was perfectly spiced and marinated, the chicken tikka masala was creamy and paired perfectly with rice.  I will definitely be ordering from them again :)
Food was good, i think there may be a slight language barrier because they wouldn't deliver to me... The gentleman thought that I was further than I actually was. Pleased with meal and amount of food for money.
Aashiana is one of those unique places that offer such a good quality food that you tend to ignore other usual specs of a restaurant. This place is truly unique in terms of the quality of food. It is just like home cooked food. The chef/owner/server/cashier/delivery man cooks every dish himself. He is very authentic and does not rely on frozen products to prepare the curry. When I am eating here I feel like the food is prepared for extra care and the person who is preparing it has tried his best to make it delicious.
Yummy chicken tikka masala. Good chicken curry. Sometimes they deliver, and sometimes they don't. The menu that's on their website is not current. Some items are no longer available, and some of the prices have changed.
Another good Indian buffet in the Lark Street area.  However, I still think Gandhi and Lazeez are a tad bit better.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! The service is excellent, and the food is fantastic.  Everything there just tastes so fresh, authentic, and flavorful.  I've been there many times, often with friends and family, and no one has ever been anything other than pleased.  The portions are generous too, and it's definitely affordable.  It also doesn't hurt that the owner seems like a super nice guy. I especially like the hummus and the domas!
This is one of my favorite places to eat! The service is excellent, and the food is fantastic.  Everything there just tastes so fresh, authentic, and flavorful.  I've been there many times, often with friends and family, and no one has ever been anything other than pleased.  The portions are generous too, and it's definitely affordable.  It also doesn't hurt that the owner seems like a super nice guy. I especially like the hummus and the domas!
Friendly unassuming service, fresh well prepared, delicious food.  We go evenings and have the room to yourselves.  Priced right, and, we think better than the competition.
Best indian in the area. Hands down.
Discovered this place on our way from upstate NY to NJ after looking at yelp reviews. All of us loved it, amazing food, great service! Their Nan's were the best i've had in US so far, jalapeno Naan - have this for sure..Ambience is decent, being a small place, but if you would like to have some great food, I would strongly recommend you go here.
One of my favorite places to eat here in Albany. Nice family restaurant. Warm, cozy and the staff is very friendly. Mid day buffet is amazingly good, and at $6.95, Aashiana rivals more expensive buffets. Friday night buffet is even better. No liquor license though but you can bring your own. My favorite meals from the menu are salmon tikka, chicken korma, beef shawarma and mattar paneer. The owner fiercely guards his secret recipes that gives a fresh and unique spin to authentic Pakistani/Indian cuisine.
Aashiana is by far one of our favorite restaurants. My wife and I make it a point to dine here on a weekly basis. Given the surplus of Indian/Pakistani restaurants in Albany, Aashinana definitely stands out among the competition. The food itself is very good at Aashiana - well balanced (spice-wise) - and very consistent. We've tried both the buffet and the sit down dinner and enjoy them both. While I am big fan of the salmon curry, the buffet has many tasty options as well. Just a personal note, the chicken tikka masala is excellent if you don't like fish. My wife prefers vegetarian dishes and Aashina is no slouch there either - both the eggplant curry and bihindi masala get top marks from this little restaurant. The nan bread is always warm and fresh - if you frequent the buffet, Saleem (the owner) brings a "never ending" supply straight to your table! They do have a few nan variations: the garlic is good as well as the house special nan. Saying that the service is great is certainly an understatement. As soon as you walk in the door, you are greeted by Saleem and he sees to your every need. Bringing fresh nan and drinks or removing your plates afterwards, the staff at Aashiana is very accommodating. If there is something that you in the mood for, but don't see it on the menu, Saleem will do his best to prepare it for you. All in all, Aashinana is a quaint wonderful little place for dinner. Their prices are reasonable and the food is some of the best in Albany.  If you're going for the Friday night buffet, get there early as the place fills up quickly. I honestly can't recommend this place enough. I hope Saleem and Aashina are around for a long time to come. We've never had a bad meal here and you'll do yourself a favor by giving it a try.
I will preface this review with full disclosure: I'm typically not a fan of Indian food, or even ethnic food in general.  Even with that being the case, probably 70%+ of the dining out I've done since moving to Albany has been to Saleem's establishment. Yes, the place is small, but going out on an off evening with my girlfriend, it really gives the place a sort of romantic air.  Saleem is extremely personable, always strives to provide the best service possible, and has quite a memory: we once ordered the beef schwarma (a dish which uses cream sauce) and my girlfriend, being lactose intolerant, had to clean the sauce off.  We'd never mentioned it to Saleem, but he was profusely apologetic anyway, offered us a discount on our bill (which we didn't take), and prepared it without cream sauce the next time we ordered, weeks later, without any prompting. I'm still leery of many of the dishes Saleem offers, but those I like, I find to be authentic, as best I can tell, but also not overpowering like the cuisine I've had at other Indian restaurants.  The flavor is different, but yet stimulating, even to someone with my impediments to ethnic cuisines.  As well, his dinner buffet has introduced me to several other dishes I enjoy that I'd not otherwise have tried. The portions are generous, to say the least: my girlfriend and I can share the chicken tikka meal, which comes with a gargantuan portion of rice, and an order of naan and have leftovers for home...and that's a single portion.  The only bad thing at Aashiana is that I tend to eat more than I should! I don't think that I've ever been so impressed with a restaurant; that it is an Indian/Pakistani one is quite frankly amazing.  Hats off to Saleem!
Yum! Yum! Wonderful Friday dinner buffet, everything is excellent.  The owner greets everyone personally and truly wants you to have a great experience.  You won't leave with an empty or unsatisfied stomach!   BYOB (or wine)
I've been going here since I discovered it 2 years ago. Sure the area is ghetto, sure the bathroom is awkwardly located in the middle of the small dining area, but the place is clean and the FOOD! Juicy, tender halal meats, things are not under-seasoned but not overly spicy, and Salim is a warm and gracious host. Definitely go for the buffet. I love the goat biryani, chicken tikka masala, mango chutney, and sag paneer. I will continue to patronize Aashiana's, and I hope he can one day find a more spacious location where he can continue to delight customers with the wonderful food his wife cooks (he helps too). BTW the owners are Pakistani, not Indian...and they have FREE delivery.
One of my favorite places to eat in Albany.  I have been to every Desi restaurant in the area, and this one stands out.  The owner is very friendly and knows you by face and name after just a few visits.  I have brought most of my friends here and some family as well.  The service is excellent and they are really on top of everything! The food is fresh and Halal, which is definitely another plus.   As a local college student, I love that they deliver right to my apartment on campus!!  You can also order ahead and pick up as well.  And, as a typical strapped-for-cash college student, I love that the food is very affordable while still maintaining quality and taste.  The buffet is a must, especially on Friday nights, as there is a varied range of food and fresh naan is continuously brought to your table...all for either $5.95 or $6.95 on weekdays or $9.95 on Friday night.  I recommend getting there a little early on Friday nights as they do get a little crowded.  I would recommend the daal dishes, chicken tikka masala and vegetable samosas especially.  Definitely check this place out!!
i base my 5 star rating on excellent quality food, a caring owner with a smile on his face always. ashiana hands down is the best indian restaurant in albany. the samosa chat is a must have and great value for its price. the place may be small but it truly is a warm place. the decor needs some working on. iv e been to the buffets and they are a great deal!  plus i recommend the beef wraps that he offers. very very good!
