So many things to do and everything is so much fun! ZIPLINING: We did the thrill package and although I wish there were a few more things it definitely gave me that little heart attack a couple times. There's a 150ft or so swing, an assisted free fall drop, a roller coaster zipline and a racing zipline. My favorite was definitely the swing. I think the roller coaster could have been a lot better but it wasn't very fast and if you're a guy the dips can really get you. The drop was definitely tough to do but the second you step off the ledge and get that mini heart attack over with its a slow ride down. HORSEBACK RIDE: Although it was very slow and we didn't see very much it was still pretty fun. It lasts just under two hours. The guide was a very fun and interesting guy but he was riding a very slow horse so we were riding extremely slow. After a couple of hours on a saddle your butt will start to hurt. Other things they had were paintball and truck tours. I will definitely be checking out the paintball course next time I come. THE GUIDES: We had a guy named Tony at first and he was a super funny and sarcastic guy with a great energy even though we were there in the morning and hardly anyone was laughing because we had all just gotten out of bed. Then we ran into our other two guides Sean and Will. Sean was a pretty funny guy that liked to try to scare people even more by joking about things being wrong right as you jumped. Will was much more calm but still a good and fun guy. THE FOOD: They have a small restaurant in the check in area. None of us were thrilled with the food but it wasn't terrible, just something to eat after being out on ziplines and horses for so long. THINGS TO KNOW!! Wear long pants on the horseback ride and come in the morning so you don't get stormed on!! Also there are signs on everything about tipping and after the ziplines they pass out comment cards printed on envelopes so if you want to top make sure to bring cash.
Very beautiful place and interesting ecosystem if you're not from the area. We did the thrill package which I booked on the phone. They did not tell me that the swing, the one folks raved the most about, was down for repair. The price was the same. They let us do one of the zips twice but had to be one the entire group agreed on. In the web site it said not to bring you're own food and drink, that there are plenty of snack bars, however many of the water stations were out of water and the main restaurant closes at three and we didn't get done until four. So make sure to bring water with you and food, even if you leave it in the cooler in the car. It's a bit far from any town.  The guides on the lines were great. The driver of the bus out at super cheesy jokes which got annoying after awhile but it could of been the heat....
Took my girl for horseback safari and I must say that this place is awesome. Yes it's really out of the way but it's 1500 acres of land and they have so much stuff to do (ie. ROLLERCOASTER ZIPLINE!!). From safari adventures, horseback riding, multiple zipline areas, amongst other things..this place has it all to take your family, friends, anyone you name it! As for the horseback excursion, it's two hours of a small group of people on horses exploring the terrains and kudos to the guides because of their knowledge and humor making the trip that much more enjoyable. It may have been a "spur" of the moment, but I say this trip made me "giddy-up" with excitement, pardna' ....no more puns. Just GO THERE AND HAVE FUN BECAUSE SAFARI
So I came here all the from California . This place is awesome . We did the zip line tour and the zip line roller coaster/ thrill pack. It was amazing. The views were beautiful , our tour guides were fantastic and hilarious, and we had an amazing group with us. The beat part is we saw the rain coming from the top of one of the post and we got to zip line in the rain. It was beautiful . I would definitely go back and plus you see all these animals on your way there. Even if you are afraid of heights and don't really like adventure you MUST do this because we had a few ppl like that in our group and the one thing they kept saying was " I'm so glad I did this . I would've regretted not trying this "
I went there for Fathers Day. We did the Thrill Rides and the Zip Lines. I really really enjoyed the Thrill Rides. The Zip Lines were fun but a little less thrilling after the Thrill rides.
I had a great time here! I've been zip lining in San Diego and thought this was just as fun. This zip line as part of the adventure has about 7 different zip lines. The first one I think was the most scary for most if you have never done it before. The walk up the 7 flights on the first zip was not the fun part but it was manageable. We bought the cd for about $30 and had some fun photos from it.   I'd go back to do some other things since I didn't get to do it the day we went. On the out of it i even saw peacocks hanging out so that was pretty cool. This would also be fun as a group activity. Our guides were funny and nice so all in all I'd check it out again. The only thing I hated was the drive for 26 miles off the turnpike. It was like we were in the middle of no where! Glad we did the zip line during day light hours and not moonlight.
I loved this place so much! I went for my bday with my boyfriend and the staff was just so friendly and cool. We did ziplining and got to take pics all the way at the top (with my phone) lol it was a thrilling experience. I definitely wanna go back again and ride some horses !!! Lol loved it !!!
On a whim I joined some friends that had planned to go horse back riding here. We rode for an hour and a half for $70 which I thought was a really good price. We rode all around the property--through deep water and terrain. It was a really cool experience and great for the average city-goer that doesn't get the opportunity to go horse back riding much. This was great for someone with little or no riding experience. They have platforms which made mounting and dismounting a lot easier. The horses were sweet and easy to control. I had a great experience, and if I ever find myself in Orlando again I would definitely want to go back.
My boyfriend got us the Thrill Package for my birthday. We live down in Fort Lauderdale, so it was a little bit of a drive to get to the reserve, but was well worth it! The instructors we had (Griff and one other guy) were great and made sure we felt safe, but were also having a great time! Our group was small so that made it even better. If you want to try this out, make sure you like to take some risks or can follow through with a dare. Each ride was one of those things where it is scary as all get out at first, but once you do it you'll want to go again and again. The only thing that I can say I wish was different was that we were given the option to go on some of the rides more than once. However, the 4 rides did take the full 4 hours and considering it was only $65 per person, I am more than happy we went. Great place and would recommend to my friends!
So I was asked to do something CRAZY for my girl Elizabeth F's bday last Saturday....ZIPLINING!!!!!!!!!!! Of course without asking any questions, I called and booked my life away! I am only familiar with ziplining because I watch The Housewives of Orange County and they did it while they were on one of their extravagant trips.  So, I wondered...where in FL can we do this?  I had NO idea we had such cool things here. Upon arriving, we had to of course sign this waiver that basically said: If you get injured, paralyzed, deathly ill, drop dead, get killed or eaten by a gator...they are NOT responsible.  Of course after reading that I was SO EXCITED to go hang from really high heights over water and get flung across various lengths of runs...NOT!  Ok, so I kinda freaked out at this point but not enough to NOT go! Being in FL for 10 years you would think I have seen a gator in the wild right? Nope, this adventure of course changed that.  Saw a huge mamma with bunches of babies.  Good thing they were on the mini safari ride out to the ziplining location and not under my feet while zipping across them 35 miles an hour =) So, arriving to the first set of stairs (there are 2 you have to trek up in order to get to the lines) I was a little weary but EXCITED!  There were 13 in our group I think?  Everyone was pretty funny and our guides were amazingly hilarious and very supportive. Everyone said they were nervous but as soon as they got up to the first line they just jumped off, even a little girl that was with us.  But...of course when I got up there I hesitated and screamed my face off.  SO FUN THOUGH!!! There were a total of 7 runs, 2 stairs and it was gorgeous out!  It was a bit windy which makes for some shaky ropes but faster runs!!  It was so thrilling.   I would def go back and do it again, next time in a smaller crowd or possibly a crowd of all friends.  But, our group was cool - everyone was really nice and fun! I was worried about wildlife while zipping but there was nothing to be scared about, it was all gorgeous! Hope Liz had a great time - it was such an experience and I am glad she asked me along!!!
Five stars all the way. I have been to the many Orlando theme parks hundreds of times, but finally drove about 1 hour away to visit the EcoSafaris to try the ZipLine experience. Take I-192 east to 441 and head south. Make sure to ask for a AAA discount when booking your tour before you get there. Forever Florida is a 4,700 acre eco-ranch and wildlife conservation area boasting beautifully untamed wilderness, natural streams, wetlands and dense cypress forests. You get to choose from four amazing ways to explore Forever Florida: Coach Safari, Horseback Safari, soar over it all on Florida's biggest and All New Zipline Safari or pedal through the treetops on the New Cypress Canopy Cycle. The thrilling Zipline Safari allows you the perfect aerial vantage point to experience Florida's diverse ecosystems on a one-of-a-kind adventure. You'll soar through the tree tops 70 feet off the ground along runs spanning nearly 700' in length and make your way across two sky-bridges all the while enjoying Florida's natural flora and fauna under the watchful eye of TWO expert guides. This NEW Zipline has TWO cables for safety and Two guides (one in front and one in back) - the pictures on the website are the older (now closed course). The Cypress Canopy Cycle is a bicycle version (much tamer and lower to the ground) of the ZipLine, but we did not do it. The MoonLight Zip option would be awesome..... They also have horseback riding, buggy rides, and a full cafeteria (I even think their hamburgers are local grown if you know what I mean).
If you have gone on a zipline almost anywhere else, you may be disappointed. The course isn't long or too exciting. But it is good for family fun for almost all ages. The staff make the whole thing go pretty smoothly and are very safe. Other than a stray alligator, there is not much to look at the whole time. It can be a fun excursion, but it's probably not the best use of your money.
FUN! I had never done ziplining, but wanted to try it.  St. Cloud is only about an hour south of Orlando, the drive is easy.  There weren't any signs leading to Ecosafaris except at the entrance....I thought we'd gotten ripped off and were going to be jumping of a barn or something!  It's out in the country (looks like Texas a little bit out there).  But it's a really neat place once you drive into it.  The main building is a cabin with rocking chairs outfront.  You can get some lunch at the cafe inside while your waiting.   When it's time to go out, you get on a safari bus and they drive you out to the zipline guide's station.  All of the employees are very professional and knowledgable.  My skeptical feelings were relieved.  You put your harness on by instruction of a guide, then your 2 guides walk you out to the zipline towers.  They do not mess around with safety at all. You are double harnessed in, so there is no chance of falling. The equipment is well maintained....I was looking! We didn't really see alot of wild animals...alligators was about it, but I was in it for the ziplining, not the animals. The surroundings are however, very lush and green.  It's beautiful out there and serene. I felt like I was on the King Kong set actually. Great experience.
I wish there were more places like this in FL. Four of us bought a groupon for the canopy cycle adventure and out we went to St. Cloud. The drive from Orlando was not too bad, about 1 hr 15 min. We arrived to the main building, checked-in, signed the waiver and out we go on their safari truck to the area where all the fun is. It's like a 15 min drive and one of the guys is telling the story of the place and watching out for wild life sighting. This place is huuuuuuge. Once you get to where all the lines are, you walk for a little bit to where the guides are waiting for you with the safety equipment. They have small locked compartments to hold your belongings and ice cold water for your refreshment. They also sell some snacks. The canopy cycle consists of a reclined bicycle that is suspended from steel cables. Basically, you pedal at your own pace for about a mile or so through some parts of their conservation area hoping to see some action in the woods. We had to wait about 45 minutes before we actually got on for the other cycles to come back to base as they had 3-4 cycles under maintenance. Unfortunately, we did not see much except a very cute baby deer and his mommy. It takes about 45 minutes to complete the course and it was kind of boring for me as there is not that much excitement. The zip lines looked like a lot of fun! They also have what they call the human roller coaster. You could see a little bit of it from where we were and it looked like a blast. We are definitely going to come back to do the zip lines. They mentioned they had some old zip lines but they just opened these in October 2011 and they are higher and faster. The regular prices are slightly high for what it is but watch out for the groupons as they offer a great value.
This place is awesome! I ventured here with Colleen B. last weekend for my birthday and WOW! What an experience! I was very much "this is no big deal" and "I'm not nervous" all before hand but when I climbed up that first 45 FT tower, I was SO freakin' nervous! There was a total of two towers you have to climb and 7 zips. Two of the zips you zipped to the ground (awesome), and there were also some Indiana Jones like bridges we had to cross which was really fun. Our tour guides were awesome! Very knowledgeable, funny, informative -- great folks to be around! We had a bigger group - a group of 13 but I definitely agree with Colleen B. in saying that we had an awesome group - even an adorable little girl who had no fear! Next time I go, I'd like to try the night zipping :) Oh..and be prepared - you'll be STARVING when you finish -- don't miss their fries - SO good! And PS - There are tons of other things to do here - horseback riding, camping, eco-safaris... lots of stuff!
I have somewhat mixed feelings about Forever Florida.  My mixed feelings started on the phone making reservations for the coach safari. We had coupons from a local tourist magazine.  The reservationist told me that the only way all of us could use our coupons would be for each person to call separately.  I thought that was ridiculous - and gave up our coupons to make sure our entire party was able to get reservations.  The Coach Safari is around $35 per person.  yet to walk the trails they charge an additional fee.  To allow someone to walk around on their own and charge an additional fee when we were already paying $35 for a 2 hours ride - I thought was miserly.  (You can see shows and walk around Gatorland all day for that price) When I got on the coach safari I sat on the right side of the coach.  Because of this I saw very little -- as it turns out all the wildlife hangs out on the left side of the coach as that is where the water is.   Had it not been for the driver / tour guide I may have walked away unhappy; however, she did a wonderful job giving the tour and sharing her knowledge and love of Florida.   Afterwards we were privileged to notice the cowboys roping calves and ear tagging them.  Another tourist from Canada was standing there and explained the entire process to us.  Watching this and learning about it was amazing.   The day ended well and I may go back sometime.  However, I will do my best to sit on the left side of the coach ... or if I get in shape I may take that bicycle tour.
Outstanding zipline experience.  I went for my birthday, enjoyed myself immensely.  Our zip leaders were great, but EcoSafaris did not have their water station set up--not good for Florida heat, esp. when you're climbing.  Be aware you have to climb two towers--1 4 stories, 1 5 stories.  Zip leaders are extremely safety conscious.  Our group ranged from 9 years old to mid-60's. I also wished the cafe served something veggie as an option, though I'm sure their own ranch raised beef and pork on the menu were tasty. They had a lovely little gift shop at their restaurant with lots of Florida interest items, including books.
We did the zip lining ecotour at Florida EcoSafaris and let me start off by saying...I'm terrified of heights.  When I say terrified I mean I like to throw a few back before flying in hopes I can manage to sleep through the flight. The staff at EcoSafaris (primarily Alvin and his partner, I forgot her name, it also starts with an A) were very good at attempting to keep me calm and rational. There was a gentleman with our group who wanted to get down from the platform and they didn't give him a hard time or anything, they helped him down and let him walk back. They slowly introduced zip line techniques to the group to help people get comfortable. I was never comfortable, but other people were. Their policy of safety was of utmost importance, and while they liked to have fun, they didn't play around in terms of keeping everyone safe. I was scared the entire time, but the group made the trip great, guests and staff.  Would I do it again? I don't know....but I'm glad I did it once and I highly recommend it to others
Great experience.  Bit of a drive out there but well worth it.  Would definitely go back.  Guides (Biff and Will) were great, very patient and fun.
Bought a Groupon certificate for my husband and I to go here and do the zip-line adventure.  Locals get a discount if you book between Monday and, I think, Thursday.   The zip-line was a lot of fun.  We had never done anything like it before and we had a great time with it.  Our 'guides' were entertaining and helpful, encouraging too. I'd like to go back and do the horseback riding tour, but will wait for fall.  Florida wilderness just gets too hot too early in the season anymore, and I've lived here since '83. If you're curious about it, go.  It was a lot of fun!!   BTW, the 'restaurant' was passable, in and of itself I'd give it maybe a 2 star rating.  We had lunch there because we were famished and hadn't planned where else to go!
This review is for the zipline course. It's expensive, but really fun if you are a first-time zipliner like me. The guides are really laid-back and at the same time very safety-concious, so I always felt secure. This course has two lines instead of just one, and you are always clipped in even on the towers. The only complaint is that I would have preferred to zip with fewer people to limit the waiting time. I will definitely be back  though because they are opening a zip roller coaster (we saw a couple of employees on it and it looks like so much fun!) the first week of April. They also offer horseback riding and zip-cycling (the latter looked like too much work, but it's a cool idea). The ranch is pretty extensive, and they raise cattle, have horses, wild hogs, and gators on view.
It was a little pricier than I thought it should be until I got there and saw that a portion of it goes to preservation.  The zip safari is fine for any level of zip line experience; they take care of everything.  In addition to the safari, there is a zip rollercoaster, a totally scary 70 platform you can walk off, an amazing swing (think playground swing but on mega steroids!) and horseback riding and swamp buggy tours.  I don't know about every guide, but Rahm and Matt were awesome, and we had great people in our group.  Totally worth it!! Check it out!
My boyfriend and I chose to do the zipline & thrill pack. We had a great time. Everything seemed to be in great condition and well maintained. Our guides made the day though, Biff & Kristle were amazing. Bring snacks to leave in the locker, or money to purchase food at the snack shak.
This was a great experience. Marie led us on a great horseback ride, and the ziplining was a blast. If you want a relaxed, casual ride through nature on calm horses, this is the way to go!
This is a great place for thrill seekers.  I'm afraid of heights so the sky bridges made me a little nervous, but it's well worth the nerves.  I had an excellent experience there.  The guides are fun, knowledgable and very safety conscience.  Make sure you have closed toe shoes and check the weight restriction before going.  I'm planning another trip to do the zip line safari, we only were able to fit in the thrill zips on our trip since our group was so large and we were time restricted.
I SOOO LOVED THIS PLACE! it was great, the attention we received. My husband and i did the horseback riding tour. It was AMAZING! The tour guides were extremely helpful, and showed us around. The horses are beautiful! i had extreme fun, will definately come back. Its very worth trying. =]
This was a lot of fun and interesting. The video in the beginning is actually quite good and I'm surprised no one has ever made a movie about the guy that the preserve is named after.
Three of us had a great time. Staff are friendly and professional. Emily and Angie are hilarious and make you feel safe and happy.  My nephew overcame his fears and jumped three times from the 7 story tower.  I highly recommend for anyone wanting to do something physically challenging in a very secure setting.  They make sure to offer free cups of cold water so you don't dehydrate
Overall a good experience, but a little too expensive. The guides (Matt and Megan) were very nice and a lot of fun. The coaster was my favorite part. The cycle was boring, but we had someone in our group that didn't follow directions, so we were being rushed through it.  Being a native Floridian, the scenery and wildlife was nothing impressive.  Overall, it was relaxing and fun, and a unique experience. I would certainly recommend it to anybody. But, because of the price, I probably wouldn't come back. Lower the price and this is a 5 star review. If we didn't have the Groupon we would never have gone.
The ziplining and the guides were great; however, if you are an animal lover, I don't recommend as this place has a lot of cooped up and caged animals. Also, the Safari piece is a joke. I would have given 5 stars had it not been for the animals.
I couldn't say more good about this place! The Staff is amazing! Steve and Carle made our day so much fun! The experience is absolutely priceless! Me and my husband went and zip lined and we plan on going back soon! They have a night ziplining that we are both dying to try! We had such a wonderful time! They also offer other activities that take you back into the true Florida landscape! LOVED IT! had a blast!
Great old Florida experience.  Lots of options, ziplines, trail rides, swamp buggy tours, hikes all good.  Beautiful grounds, friendly, fun staff.  Check in building first class with a nice lunch menu.  When you get sick of the Orlando/Disney crowd/traffic nightmare, take the kids and try a day here.
This place is so worth the money! I bought my tickets at visitorlando.com so I got about $10 off per ticket. I purchased the ecopark admission which includes all of their adventures (zipline tour, peregrine plunge, panther pounce, swooping crane, cypress canopy cycle, and the snake aka zipline roller coaster). The snake was my personal favorite! If you're going to buy tickets I recommend getting the ecopark admission! It's so worth it!!! The guides are so nice and helpful, the builder of the ziplines was actually one of our tour guides so you could ask all about the safety and integrity of everything if you were skeptical. It is a full day event, 9-5. If time permits the guides will even let you do one of the adventures again! I had such a blast and will definitely return, probably in the fall when it's not so muggy.
great place to take family and friends for a nice day out
Wonderful staffs, friendly, great customer service. Really had a blast. Recommend this to whoever visits Orlando. It was a long drive but so worthed it.
The Coach Safari is a glimpse into Florida as it used to be before Condos & SnowBirds.  Our Guide was very knowledgeable & friendly... & she had an eagle-eye for spotting wildlife.  I highly recommend Forever Florida & the Coach Safari.
