Perfect way to see the Everglades near Vero Beach. We were a group of 8, and Captain Bill showed us around in the airboat. Headsets allowed us all to hear about the sights. Saw lots of gators, the rookery (bird breeding area), and lots more. Adults and kids loved it. Would definitely recommend.
Fantastic! Kids loved it, fun and informative for adults as well. We saw lots of wildlife, as promised.
We had to wait for the boat to arrive from a previous tour, but had been told that that may be the case.  Captain very friendly upon arrival.  Took his time putting life vests on each passenger and took care to seat groups together as well as making sure everyone could have a good view.  Captain Billy seemed well-informed, very personable, and made sure we could get a good look as well as learn something about the animals as well as the lake we saw.  Beware of the competitor's (Stumpknockers) captain who will badmouth Gator Bait within earshot of Gator Bait's waiting and disembarking customers.  We were very pleased with Captain Billy but dismayed to hear such trash talking on the shore.  This alone would make me doubly recommend Gator Bait who took the high road and did not respond.  Thanks, Captain Billy, for an unforgettable experience.
OMG!! so much fun!!! Capt. Billy is so informed about the area and what lives there . Hes educational yet FUN!!!
The ride was fun and educational. Captain Billy is very informed relative to local wildlife and plants. He has a new boat that rides well and is comfortable.
Wow what a ride! The airboat excursion was far more than I anticipated. The scenery was beautiful, full of wildlife and incredible foliage, not to mention the gators. Capt. Billy is very informative while describing the different animals you will encounter and all other aspects of the habitat. I would highly recommend this trip to anyone that finds themselves looking for adventure on the treasure coast!
Let me start out by saying that I've been out a few airboat tours out of camp holly on 192. They were alright we didn't really see much and the airboat operaters weren't that enthusiastic. So when my fiancé told me she booked a trip for us and a few of her family members from Maryland I was a little skeptical. Of course shes the boss and I had to go, and sure was glad I did!  We saw a ton of gators, as well as snakes and many types of birds.  Not only that but the driver Billy was really funny and interactive with all of us. He made the trip twice as fun with his personality.  It is a great idea for bored family members on vacation.  The kids really loved it and wanted to go back the next day.
Such a great experience! Bill was so knowledgeable of all the animals and wildlife. I learned so much while having a fun filled exciting afternoon! We saw plenty of beautiful birds and alligators. We even pulled up right next to a nest of baby alligators - so adorable. Definitely worth the trip. I would go again in a heart beat!!! Highly recommend for everyone!
Me and my girlie wanted something fun to do while visiting her family (plus I needed some "space" from them). I'd done an airboat ride in the Everglades yrs ago and it was cool (not great). Called a bunch of people but Cindy sounded nice so I decided on Gator Bait and we had a blast! Cool boat! Immaculate, new, FAST and very comfy. Only fit 6-7 people which was good (Everglades boat was cramped with too many people). Nice, CLEAN headsets so you could hear the guide (Bill? Very knowledgeable. Jokes were a little corny but funny) and talk to eachother. Anyway the point of the tour was to see alligators and we did! LOTS of them! Seriously I know there are no guarantees with these things but it was almost like the gators were on the payroll. We saw big ones, small ones, nests and Bill even got one to growl!? Very cool. Lots of other interesting wildlife but you're there to see the gators and you will! Def be back!
