So honestly, my girlfriend and I only went here because it was going to thunderstorm that day of our vacation.  However I'm SO glad we did!   The store is very cool!  It has everything! Fossils, castings, gems, teeth, and the list goes on! The staff there is very friendly and highly knowledge as well!  I love sharks, and I initially went in with the intention of checking out some megalodon teeth and Dino fossils.  To my surprise, they have shark jaws as well!  However there was one tiny set of jaws I didn't recognize.   When I asked the guy behind the counter, he not only identified the shark (kitefin for those who are curious), but he proceeded to give me a bunch of info about it!  VERY COOL. Being a broke college student, I walked out with a gem candle holder, shot glass, and a crystal maker.  However, this place is amazingly cool and I will DEFINITELY be back!
Pretty cool store with a lot of really neat fossils and artifacts. There's a lot more to this place than just dinosaurs, which is probably a plus for some and a negative for others. I wish there had been more large real dinosaur stuff, but I guess it makes sense that most of that stuff is probably in museums. We didn't do the adventure zone as we were all adults and from what I understand, it's targeted towards kids. There were a couple of kids who came out with their "findings" and seemed thrilled.
By luck we heard about this place by a local. He saw our 6 year old son and knew that he would love this place. I'm so glad that we took his advice. From the outside you would never know that this place holds live reptiles, arcade style games, wild raft ride, mineral mining and science center activities. We used the coco beach trolley as transportation. Inside the trolley they offer free maps that shows the locations of attractions, stores, restaurants, and hotels in the area. A ride on the trolley cost $1.25, .60 for students and seniors, and free for children 5 and under. A trolley stop was located right in front of our hotel, we had to transfer trolleys to get to the museum. It was really easy to find. You have to pay admission to enter the adventure zone, about $8 for children 3 and up and $5 for 18 year old and up. Most of the activities are included in the price. You don't have to pay extra for the arcade games. It cost extra to ride the wild raft ride (my family enjoyed it), and to keep the minerals that you find. My family spent a few hours in the adventure zone. We watched 2 movies about dinosaurs in the movie cave. They had an array of live reptiles featured in a corner room. From lizards, snakes, GATORS, and different types of spiders. A knowledgeable staff member talked about the different types of creatures and offered to let patrons touch them. If your family is into dinosaurs make sure you stop by.  You  won't regret it :)
If you loved the Flintstones, this is the place for you!!! First off.. today, 3-21-09 ...the Dinosaur store moved across the street to a brand new and huge location. And.. I was there for the grand opening!! The new location  consists of 3 parts..First, there is the newer and much enlarged Dinosaur store, I'll get further into that in a few lines down.. Then they have a Discovery area.. this is truly intended for kids, it consists of  some interesting experiments, actually has 2 rides and other stuff that kids like and learn from. There is a charge to enter, I think it's like $7.55 or something. The third part is the Dinosaur Museum. It's not open yet but the person who I spoke to feels that it should be open before the end of the year. Knowing what I have heard about the owners, it will be an incredible collection and an interesting experience. The owners are known very well within the hobby, deemed credible and apparently held in great esteem.. Once the Museum is functioning, I'll be going. Hopefully I will at that time add to this review, and I anticipate another star, as well!! The brand new, purpose built building is fantastic looking. it's huge and imposing, but it is very attractive as well as inviting.. The first thing that you see when you walk in is the gift shop. It's more than twice the size of the old one, and like the old one, chock full o' goodies..Amazing fossils as well as replica fossils.. all clearly marked as to what they are, when and where they are from, as well as a price and if they're replicas or originals. Tons of crystals, as well as jewelry made from crystals, fossils, amber, etc.. all very beautiful and the prices seem pretty okay, though I'm no expert at any of this. Lots of gifts, mostly related to the aforementioned items, but far from limited to.. educational gifts, tee shirts, models of prehistoric things, they even have stuffed prehistoric animals. I personally wanted to take that cool  stuffed saber toothed cat home!! There are items somewhat related to Central Florida...Manatees, fishes as well as some pretty darn big statues. If this sounds like your kind of thing.. you will love it here!
I had been wanting to take my 2 year old son to this store for awhile now as he loves Dinosaurs. I must say that I am very pleased that I did! There truly is something for everyone here, no matter what age you are. They carry everything from from age appropriate children toys and educational resources, to genuine artifacts and lower cost replicas, to clothing, jewelry, and even Tiki and Egyptian decorations! There is also a separate section of the store which houses the Adventure Zone and the Reptile Room. I cannot speak for these areas as we did not go to them on this trip. However, we are heading back to the Cocoa Beach area in a few weeks and I will be sure to check it out. All in all the stop was great and absolutely worth it. I purchased several items for both my son and myself. I was tempted to purchase a whole lot more! I would absolutely recommend giving this place a visit.
Remarkable store Adventure Zone and Reptile Room are excellent Knowledgable and friendly staff What started as a potential for-the-heck-of-it stop for the kids turned out to be a superb afternoon for our family.  Our younger son is a dinosaur fanatic, so that was the initial draw, but all of us were in awe when we walked in.  The store wares range from little playthings to valuable education pieces to seemingly museum-quality artifacts.  In and of itself, the store is absolutely worth a stop.  Do be forewarned - if you break it, you buy it, and there are most definitely some hefty price tags attached to certain pieces - keep younger kids and clumsier members of your party in check, but be prepared to see some eye-widening items.  They do ship items nearly worldwide. Beyond that, the activity room was a mini children's museum and fun-center of sorts, essentially combining a little scientific experimentation with some of the more sporting elements of a Dave & Buster's.  You've passed the boundary from pure dinosaur/science concentration as you amble out of the store, for the record, but it does extend the shelf-life of the Dinosaur Store's intrigue, especially on rainy days.  This section was $7/person for (almost) unlimited access.  My kids shot hoops for a very long time, played with the giant crocodile skull replica, experimented with the soundwave tube, put the dinosaur wall puzzles together, and dabbled with several other curiosities throughout, including a neat little dinosaur-dig movie cave on the far side of the space.  Extras were the fossil dig (we didn't spring for it) and the full-on pirate ship Tilt-A-Whirl-esque centerpiece in the middle of the room, which was $2 extra per person.  Considering the environs, this seemed like a bona fide bonus - you'd find this kind of ride at an amusement park or carnival, but the fact that it's sitting here is really something else.   At the back corner of the activity center is the Reptile Room, which is a third layer of fun to the place.  You can get your gator fill here with a few caymans, a pair of larger live alligators, and a big fake guy on the floor, suitable for posed photos.  Water monitors, tortoises, snakes, scorpions, and several other intriguing animals fill the interior and an indoor/outdoor space for the larger animals.  The pens looked clean and looked-after, were brightly lit, and were helpfully marked.  This was staffed by a friendly young woman who was good with kids and was knowledgeable about the exhibits.   I might be rounding up a star for how pleasantly surprised I was with the experience, but all four of us walked out saying "wow, that was a really good visit!"
Not worth the trip !!! Looks like a big store from the outside, but when you get in it's the size of a big gift shop. I have a little one and when she touched an inexpensive item the guy who works behind the desk flipped out!!!!!!!!
Interesting store with many cool specimens. Staff were knowledgeable and friendly. Didn't see the gator area since there was a charge.
This place is great. yeah alot of the stuff is expensive but if you really take your time you can get some cool cheap fossils. defenetly worth the trip. the guy behind the counter was really nice and really knows his stuff he took time to tell me some places to go to find my own.
