Wow mr supervisor cop had a hard on for me this morning. Make sure if u r dropping anyone off to push them out while your driving thru. Parking ticket really? So sad this is where the world is. I said a ill prayer for him. Other then that fiasco this airport is a great lil place to fly in & out of!
This is one of the smallest airports I have ever had use. Consequently you do NOT need to be here 2 hours ahead of schedule. There are less than 10 gates, only one security line which goes VERY quickly. There is one small snack bar to grab a quick soda from if you need to wait and no other food or shopping to speak of. They always have some fun art display to greet you when you arrive. Welcome to Melbourne Florida!
This is a nice regional airport with daily flights to either Charlotte or Atlanta. Ive flown out of here a few times. Security is a breeze and you can take either Delta, Unuted, or nee comer Elite. They have a restaurant with a bar and a decent sekectiin if snacks and magazines. Parking is also reasonabke if you are just picking up or dropping of its usualy just $2.
Nice to be in Florida again. Home for me! To bad it's a 12.5 hr overnight. Typical central Florida coastal airport. Out dated but who cares? You're in Florida!
Never flew out of this airport but I've picked up several people. It's a smaller airport, very easy to navigate through. It's located close to entertainment, shopping, food, and hotels so you could literally fly here with no plans and get everything you need within an hour or two of landing.
This airport is conveniently located and although smaller airports usually mean you can show up a little closer to your flight time and not deal with crazy rush-rush hassles, it also for me means a little bit of an additional headache. A headache in the sense of hardcore-follow the rule book above and beyond systems.  Their security systems are quite up to date, last time I traveled they even had the x-ray body scanner up and running (I'm not a huge fan, as I'm more old school).  The boarding gates are...all in the same area so no need to worry about that or do much walking. Everyone is quite friendly and will chat you up.  The lobby in the check-in area is quite comfortable and pleasant but if you're looking to grab a bite to eat before you get on your flight--make sure you don't rely on the airport selections as it's quite...quite limited.
Small regional airport, so you get that experience. 7 gates, one security line, never been a line that I have seen. Cheapish parking ($10 a day) and easy in and out, what more could you want.   If you want lots of selections for food, or fancy valet parking, head to MCO, but if you want easy and quick, try MLB.
I agree with what some people have said so far.  This airport is small and because of that, they hand check every bag, even though it went through the x-ray machine, because they don't seem to have much to do.   Also, if you are rushing to get there, eat before you arrive. The offering inside the terminal are not much and not good.
This is how all security should be!  Walk up, walk through, and be done!  Super FAST!  Only 1 shop past security for a drink or 2.  Pretty quick and easy airport.  I prefer this one of Orlando, even if I have to have a layover in ATL to get here, vs the direct to Orlando.
This airport serves many other uses than air travel. In the past five years, my primary reason for visits have been for access to the car rental offices located within the terminals. The airport compared to other car rental locations carries a fairly good number of car options. My most recent adventure was to embark on an adventure with Greyhound (also based at this airport)... that experience warrants a whole other review on its own... Anywho, the airport is in a convenient location, close enough for the residents of Brevard County and are in need of various modes of transportation. While my mom has flown with them and said it was a good experience but I can't vouch for it. At any given point during a visit, I'm one of 50 people (security included) at the airport... how bad can it be.....
Okay, so small airports are my favorites. This one may have trumped my previous favorite. It is stylish, sleek, efficiently run, mellow, staff were friendly and helpful. Even the BLT sandwich I had was good. They obliged with crispy bacon. :-). Off brand mayo, but maybe it's for the best as I didn't have much. The space museum was inviting but we didn't have time to check it out. Two thumbs up!
Clean, small and way better than the big touristy airport.
While the challenge lies in finding a decent ticket price flying out of MLB, the waltz through security has never taken more than 10 minutes. The staff are helpful and on-the-ball. I will continue to seek flights from MLB instead of MCO whenever feasible.
My second time flying in to this airport and for a smaller airport, there is even a small museum open to the public.  Bathrooms are squeaky clean and the staff is super friendly.
This is probably the least busy airport I have ever flown into. I think the same guy who checks you in also handles your luggage and flies the plane. I wish it was cheaper to fly here, since it is so much closer to my parents house. I have to say, I usually fly into Orlando, which is a nightmare, so this airport is a breathe of fresh air (and not full of children coming from Disney).
One word- SMALL!!!!!!!!!
AKA - MLB.  As of 2010, the airport has non-stop service to Atlanta via Delta Air Lines and its regional partner Atlantic Southeast Airlines, as well as non-stop service to Charlotte Douglas International Airport via US Airways and its regional subsidiary PSA Airlines. In the past, Delta has flown non-stop from Melbourne to its hubs in Cincinnati, New York-JFK and New York-La Guardia, as well as point-to-point routes to Washington-Dulles and Washington-Reagan; all of this service was discontinued.
Super fast check-ins. Tickets on Delta cost about 500.00 more than flying into Orlando, but when a business is paying for it, I don't really mind. Delta has cut back their connections through Atlanta over the past few years, making Atlanta layovers a bit longer than you would prefer. Nice staff here at the MLB airport, always good service. Noticed that United has recently come to the airport as well, so well, that should give us travellers more options.
