First time my fiance and I went was completely on a whim late afternoon and decided to give it a try. Our server was awesome, drinks were tasty and our meals were hot, tasted fresh and delicious. The second time we went as a little less stellar as the first time. I ordered the same dinner as I had previously, no changes to the dish, but this time it was so spicy I could barely get through it. We went in after the dinner rush but was no way near closing time but kinda felt awkward sitting there while everyone was sweeping and cleaning around us. We will definitely go back but probably on the later afternoon time.
Best Mexican good in Melbourne . Good ambience wonderful service and a full menu. I went with my girl friend late night and they allowed us to hang out even if they were about to close . I am looking forward to go back again ! Food + beer + tv + good ambience + great service = awesome place to go !!
Honestly if I could give this place a negative star I would! Last night was my fourth and last visit to this establishment the only reason I went last night was because for some unknown reason my aunt loves the place. So as a treat to her I thought I'd give it another try and what a mistake that was! The place was empty and we were seated at a booth  in the bar section the waitress came greeted us and took our drink orders 10 minutes later brings the non alcohol drinks and asked if were ready to order after 10 minutes we had a really good idea to what we wanted and put our order in but had a few questions about the menu but was asked what did the menu say as this was the waitress 'Dana' second day and she did not know what was on the menu! after finally figuring out what went with what and putting the order in we sat and waited! after 4 bowls of salsa, 5 bowls of chips and 30 minutes later the food arrives. looking over everything Dana had gotten the entire party of fours order wrong. sending the food back three times did not help they would just send it back out incorrectly! Then the manager arrives asking how was everything? I let him know this was my fourth and last visit to his restaurant and why! He asked if he could make it right and what did i want? After a few minutes I asked if he could make a taco without messing it up! he said he could apologized and said he would take care of the bill. I must say he came through on making everything right! He brought a hard shell taco on an appetizer plate and took my entree off the bill and nothing else! I can never get the time back I wasted at this place and would not recommend this place to my worse enemy! For the price and the quality if your order comes out correct is not worth it. Melbourne has too many better choices in town from Fiesta Azteca to the Alamo on US1 and if you are feeling adventuring take a drive to Rocklege to El Charros this little family owned place really comes through. a tip would be not to give this place your time or money!
Mexican restaurant with full bar. Food is decent for mexican, but not as good as other mex restaurants in the area.  Better for drinks with the occasional Karaoke night. Can be kind of pricy for mex food. Somewhat clean, but overall price for quality/ authenticity of mexican food is the reason for number of stars.
We popped in on a Sunday afternoon. It was pretty busy but we were seated right away. The Hostess is a daper older gentleman, cufflinks and all. Well it's Tex Mex. They dump chili on everything. Which would be awesome if I was eating french fries - but I was attempting to eat Mexican food. So asked them to hold the chili. The chips were good - and fresh - nice change of pace from the restaurants round here. The salsa was pretty good and tasted fresh. My love got a beef & bean burrito & chicken taco. They poured cheese w/ a Z on the burrito - different to say the least. I ordered a cheese enchilada (TINY) and a chicken taco. Beware: the cheese enchilada has chunks of onions in it, even though I ordered it w/ no onions - maybe a pre-mix? It had some weird sauce on it, which was not complimentary. The chicken in our tacos was pretty dang good, but the shells - terrible, they were the crappy ones you buy at the grocery store. If they don't want to do them the right way that's fine - but maybe just do them soft taco style - that woulda been tasty. We each had a Giganto Margarita - It. Was. BIG!!! Our server Matt was pretty much awesome. He knows his shiz and is on it - all of it. Definitely an "above & beyond" service attitude. It was refreshing to get great service - it almost made up for the lack of taste.
Not the best Mexican food around, Cantina Dos Amigos, IMO, is better. Still, the food isn't terrible and *will* fill you up. Just be sure you pay cash. ***Be advised that as of March 2010, the restaurant is being investigated for credit card fraud with over 70 customers reporting that their accounts had hundreds to thousands of dollars of fraudulent charges. floridatoday.com/article… ***
Love the food! So far, have never been disappointed. My only warning is....if you come in for lunch, DO NOT get Maria as your server if you can help it. We've gotten her twice and she's very frustrating.  Simple things like getting drinks/refills and getting the bill seem to take 5 times longer than they should. Other than that server, we LOVE El Chico's. :)
Coming in, it *seemed* like a pretty decent place. The decor looked pretty good and the staff was generally attentive. It's one of those tex-mex places where they bring you chips and salsa to get things going, and that was the first clue of what was to come: The salsa was barely salsa, let alone soup. If you weren't careful, it might actually stay on your chip. Our waiter, who was new, claimed that this situation would improve the longer it sat. The manager caught wind of this and brought us some more salsa that he'd "found in the back" that was somewhat better. And then the waiter brought more. And then more. Did not actually need that much salsa, but okay. When our entrees arrived, they were pretty sub-par. The meats were tough, and the sauces were weirdly textured affairs, and there was a hair in my sour cream which I discovered a fair bit too late for comfort. On the whole, one could do a whole lot better. I'm sure they also, can do better, but at least on the night we went, they sure weren't. I don't plan on ever going back.
Ok food.  Ordered the house margarita not worthy of being called a margarita.  Did not taste like a margarita at all.  Ordered house specialty Mama's favorite el cabaillaro.  It was OK nothing to rave about.  Ordered the sopapilla for dessert.  Not use to the cinnamon sugar coating but it was super good.  I would order the cinnamon on the side next time.
It is ok, you can tell it is a franchise and not independent.  Salsa was very plain and tomato pasty. Usually that is one of favorite things to eat a Mexican restaurant.  Burrito had overcooked ground beef with more iceberg lettuce than flavor. Our server was very good and attentive but even she couldn't fix the food. The deserts are awesome. I will stick to the mom & pop restaurants. Was 2 star but great service made a difference.
Average Mexican fair with guacamole and refried beans with everything. I've had better, but it's pretty tasty and reasonably priced.
Not the best Mexican food, no, but they do have a fantastic vegetarian menu (as long as you know to ask for it) and will adjust other things to be meat free. Our servers have always been great, and that's worth an extra star in my book. I'll be back again ()
Great food at decent prices! My most recent visit was this past Saturday. As usual, I was not disappointed. I ordered the Rito Combo for only $8.49. My entree was served hot and fresh. The food looked very colorful and appetizing, with a mouth-watering array of aromas wafting up as my server Adrienne set the plate on the table. I have to say I completely enjoyed this dish, and surprisingly, my favorite part was the refried beans. By far the best I have ever had the pleasure of devouring! Adrienne is that kind of server you hope to always get. She is right on time with everything, keeping the pace of the meal perfect for each individual. I used to live in Melbourne and I travel back 'home' frequently. Can't wait til I return and have a little Mexico west of Melbourne.
Is a Chevys or Don Pablos take your pick. Mexican food for 'merica.
Just ok. Food was mediocre the frozen margarita was excellent. The bottle beer was expensive.  The atmosphere was nice.
I can't say enough about this place great staff great food and an awesome atmosphere. The top shelf fajita quesadilla (steak or chicken... or any other fajita quesadilla (lobster or shrimp)) is amazing!! I would suggest that as something you'll enjoy. The salsa and pico are some of my favorites and are highly addictive. Not to mention the top shelf guac and queso. If you haven't had the top shelf  Margarita you're missing out on what life has to offer. I've heard other people say things like Dos amigos has good salsa(which taste similar to v8 juice to me) I've even heard mention of Fiesta azteca's salsa (and it taste like you're eating an onion.) I guess it's all in what you prefer... but something about the food here keeps me coming back. Top all of it off with the Brownie skillet for desert and I promise you that you'll know exactly what this place has to offer.
Above average chips.  Great food.  We had a top-notch waitress, Maria, who knew we were there for lunch and had to get back to work.  She hustled and brought us free refills faster than we could drink 'em.  The food was great and the price was below what I would've paid for the atmosphere, food, and service.
Not impressed. I ordered the chicken enchiladas. They were barely warm when they arrived, I mean even the tiny bit of cheese on top wasn't even melted.  They were very plain tasting - no seasoning on the chicken at all. I had to ask for sauce because they were so dry.  My husband ordered a chicken chimichanga which I tasted and it was good but I would think twice before returning.  I'm finding it hard to find decent Mexican food in Melbourne - I guess that's the downside of having lived in San Antonio!
My first visit to El Chico was fine. Service was fast and the food was alright. I ordered the California Quesadilla and we had the queso blanco with chips. Quesadilla was just avocado and cheese wrapped in a tortilla (I asked them to hold the tomato), I could have sworn chicken was listed on the menu but I never did double check and I love avocado enough that I didn't care much. They had 2 for 1 drinks and their house margarita wasn't bad. The salsa did look pretty liquidy but I didn't try it, their quac was average. Unlikely to go back often if at all, there are too many other places to try out.
Good food and decent atmosphere. The old fashioned tacos had homemade shells. Burrito bowl was best! Guacamole was a bit overpriced. Seemed to us to be the best option for Mexican in the area.
Best Tex-Mex in Brevard.  Love the Mexican Flag combo and also the Carne Asada.  Very clean resteraunt.  They even wipe down the menues after each use.
I've been to this restaurant a few times, and it's ok. The decor is pretty cool and it feels like your typical mexican restaurant. The food is pretty good, but average at best. It is a little pricey I think for some of the items (like their $5 guac) but if you're in the mood for a quick mexican meal, I'd say give it a try.
Thoroughly enjoyed everything. I never knew just how good cheese and onion enchiladas could be, but glad I went for something new. They were amazing. Definitely will go back for seconds.
The guacamole is the beat I have had. Everything else is comparable to other Mexican places
DO NOT BUY A SODA IT COST $2.69 .... Otherwise this place is great. The food is really good but for 2.69 for a soda is a rip off...
