I just moved to Georgia from the Melbourne area where I lived for 8 yrs. This was the best place to get a quality pedicure. I don't get fake nails so I don't know about those services, but of all the places I've been to in any other city/state, Diva Day Spa does the best quality pedi/mani hands-down!! Quality for me means cleaning off all the dead skin and cuticles as well as taking out any in-growns (sorry if this sounds gross but you need to know they clean WELL, they don't just trim and paint them pretty). They always took their time with me and gave great leg and foot rubs. Even though they are conveniently located in a mall, I was still able to relax and unwind because of the nice massage chairs and a few magazines.
I was visiting Melbourne for Valentines Day weekend and he took me to get my nails done at the mall. The girl from sunglass hut recommended this place so I went. My pedicure was amazing...they used got rocks on my feet which I loved! My gel fill in was awful. I don't know what kind of UV nail drying machine they had but it caused one of my nails to boil. (I know right) they had to redo it prior to me leaving. They closed at 9pm but I didn't leave until 915 and I felt a little rush. I go across the street to Ross to find a dress and I glance at the same nail that was boiling and I saw it cracked! I didn't even touch anything in 5 minutes. Then the rest of my nails started to crack that's when I realized that this place used cheap gel products or either their technique was not effective. Very disappointed in my nail service! Never had I had my gel nails crack and break like this. I posted pics.
Seriously good stuff! Wow on the exfoliating and doublely wow for the massage! Hot stones too omg heaven -Best I have had in a long and being a foot model I can say I know what I am talking about! I wish we could clone him and shrink him so I can bring him to LA:) Plus he's great on the eyes lol
In search of a nail place open after 7PM on a weekday in desolate Melbourne, FL. I called a few with no luck. Then I called Diva. "Open till 10" she says. I plugged in the address and it led me to the Melbourne Mall. :-/ A MALL nail salon??? I had no other options at this time of night and my nails were in desperate need of help. Entering the salon, it was bright and clean. My experience here was good. The technician was attentive to how I wanted my nails and with basic small talk she kept me occupied. My only gripe is that although I witnessed them scrubbing the tubs with bleach after a pedicure, I didnt see the tools being sanitized. :-/ The clippers and cuticle trimmer used on me were taken out of the drawer and put back there after use. Kinda scary. Overall my nails turned out exactly how I wanted them. I didn't have to do any additional filing at home. (Ladies, you all know what I mean). If I need my nails done again while in Melbourne, I would go back here.
What's great about Diva Day Spa is not only the fact that it's conveniently located in the Melbourne Square shopping mall, but that it's open until 9pm (while most nail salons close at around 7pm).  Walk in customers are quickly greeted; the night I was there everyone who walked in was assisted with no wait time whatsoever.   If you are hoping for a private, quiet "spa" like experience, then this probably isn't your place.  It's very open and bustling with activity, but great for people watching.  This is the kind of place you go to when you need a quick manicure or pedicure, but still want to unwind and enjoy some "me" time.  Each pedicure includes a seat in the many awesome massage chairs that line the shop.  It's like an assembly line of pedicure spa chairs.  These chairs are wonderful and brand new with personal controls so you can program the massage settings just the way you like.  The other thing I enjoyed about my pedicure was the hot stone massage.  This is the thing that sets this place apart from other shops I've been to.  The hot stones were a nice twist to the basic pedicure!     The customer service was prompt and friendly.  The place was clean and modern.  The end result was just what I expected of a quality pedicure!
Best nail salon! I grew up here in Melbourne. I lived in California and no one there knew how to do my nails. Everytime I visited melbourne I would come here. Now I'm living in Miami and can not find a nice place to do my nails. They are reasonably priced and I ONLY get my nails done with Hannah, the owners wife! She is the best!!!!
Was staying in Palm Bay to get away from the hurricane and thought a nice spa pedicure would be a treat and what a treat it was!  The pedicure was great, the people were really nice and my toes look fantastic!  I would completely recommend this place and will come again the next time I am here!
