This restaurant doesn't need any more good reviews, but Ill share my experience anyway :) We arrived at 5:30 which is a short time after their opening time for dinner, and it was super quiet.  But it wasn't long before more customers came and by the time we left there was even a wait for tables. We had the "Tamarind Eggplant" appetizer, which was incredible!  Never tasted anything like it.  I highly recommend it. The menu has separate Vegan and Vegetarian entree sections.  I had the (vegan) Chana Masala and my boyfriend had the Chicken Kashmiri.  We had Paneer Naan and Garlic Naan with our entrees, although the portion was generous and I wish we shared an order. Everything was incredible.  It just tastes so FRESH!  My Chana was not the least bit oily, and had fresh ginger matchsticks which was unique and refreshing.  The chickpeas were creamy and the tomato sauce full of flavor.  The Kashmiri sauce for the chicken was my favorite part - it was seriously the best cream sauce I've ever had.  I have had the same "cashew/almond" sauce from other Indian restaurants and nothing compares.  The naans were both fluffy and flavorful.  No terrible stomach-ache after either like I usually get with take-out.   My only complaint is that I ordered the Chana Masala "medium spice" and it didn't have any spice at all.  Maybe they just forgot to add my extra spice that time. Can't wait to bring people here!
Amazing Indian food!! Expansive lunch buffet on weekends which is very popular, with lines stretching out of the place sometimes. It is always a good sign when Indians line up at a restaurant!! It is my go to place to catch up with friends over the weekend. For dinner, their dosas are a must have. Listed in the Appetizers section, and only $8 each, they are huge enough to be an entree by themselves.
Went here on a Sunday. Stellar Indian buffet. Whatever spices, curries and flavors they use is of that high quality compound #$%. Flavor levels, Yo! Everything was awesome. The desserts were great (gotta get that round cheese in the sweet milk). Service was spot on. Simply put, it's $15 for high quality Indian food served all you can eat which is hard to find among those $6.99 typical Indian lunch buffets that blanket the town of Albany which are just "OK". Also, 90% of the crowd inside was Indian...gotta be a good sign. Extra points go to this Indian guy dining there who gave me some of this mixed up conglomerate of ingredients with this yogurt base that he was making for himself. I wasn't sure if I'd like it, but was intrigued. Gave me a big spoonful of it...he did it up well. I like Indian people. They're nice.
Cannot say enough great things about Karavalli!!! Went there today for lunch buffet. It was busy, but we were seated within a reasonable amount of time. The chicken tikka masala was to die for. I would say this place is in the top 3 Indian restaurants I've ever been to. The service is always excellent. Definitely get the mango lessi as a drink.  The masala dosai is a must have for an app, it is a giant potato pancake that is thin, crisp, and filled with flavorful pieces of potato and sauces inside. Definitely plenty for a group of 4-6 ppl. The saag palak with paneer is my favorite vegetarian dish which is a spinach based dish. Honestly, you can't go wrong here. If you have the luxury of doing lunch during the week you should definitely do it!
I was very pleased with everything.  Great staff, great food, great overall experience.
Closest you can get to authentic South Indian food in tri-city region of upstate New York.  The food is served hot and spicy on banana leaf in traditional desi style. Chef Santosh takes time in making around and discussing with customers. Surprised to see that the place was packed Sunday evening with more than 80% white folks enjoying steamy spicy curry food.
The good was great.  You know it will be eurhythmy Indian food when there are several Indian people eating here.  We had the chicken Kashmir and another chicken dish with a cashew cream sauce.  Both very delicious.  Definitely be back. The only reason not to give s five was our Server was a bit slow.  That won't keep us from coming back.
The best place to have a buffet..... They keep bringing you naans and dosas.... The place is good for groups too.... Never went for dinner but heard its good
Karavalli is one of the very few restaurants, including the ones in India even, that make food that tastes home-made. Affordable and doesn't feel greasy, or laden with oil, and super duper delicious. I don't see a reason why I shouldn't go here every weekend. Their buffet has a great spread of variety - both vegetarian and non-vegeterian. If you like fish, and if you like it home-made coastal style, try the Meen Molee. It is absolutely to die for. If you are a fan of the coastal Indian style cooking, you will want to come back for this one, and more. The guys there are super friendly too. Love this place!
More like 4.5 stars, for those who appreciate Indian food, this is about as good as it gets. The atmosphere is modest, while pleasant enough, but the food would befit a palace. Compares well with some of the best in NYC and Washington, DC, where our other favorite Indian restaurants happen to be.
Yummy! Great ambience! I got the chicken tandoori and my boyfriend got lamb masala. The lamb masala was really tasty. The food came in large portions and tasted very fresh and high quality. When we got here, it was quiet but after awhile more people came into the restaurant and the chatter grew louder but in a comforting way. Glad to know so many people enjoy this place.  The service was kind of awkward at times because it was a bit difficult to call for their attention but it wasn't a huge problem. The waiter was constantly filling people's drinks which was nice. They were also quick to give us our bill so we didn't have to wait around for too long. I recommend this place for the ambience and good food!
This is the only authentic South Indian restaurant in the capital region. If you want to try some authentic Indian dishes, then this is the place to be. My recommendations 1. Weekend lunch buffet 2. Dosa with Chettinad chicken Don't miss dosas from this place!
I still want authentic Kerala and the coastal food of South india .. Vegetable stew, appam .. These are still missing ..
I'm giving Karavalli 4.5 stars. This is the best Indian restaurant I have been to. I have been to Indian restaurants throughout the country and India, and none of the places I have been to do not compare to Karavalli. It is a small restaurant next door to a billiards. The ambiance is simple, but elegant. What makes this restaurant so special is the diversity of the menu. They have dishes from many different regions of India. I have never seen a menu with dishes from so many different regions. What attracted me to the restaurant was the selection of South Indian dishes. I am of Indo-Caribbean descent. My family is from the Caribbean, but our ancestors are from India. In the Caribbean, there are about 1-2 million Indians in the Caribbean due to British colonialism. With that being said, Indian food in the Caribbean is very different than what is found the Caribbean. We do not have many of the dishes found in India. However, many of the Indians that came to the Caribbean, including mine, were from Southern India, and I was glad to see large variety of South Indian dishes on the menu. The Karavalli meat sampler was selected as the appetizer. The sample came with chicken wings, chicken kabobs, lamb kabobs, meat samosa and something called chicken naan. I relate the chicken naan as an Indian pizza. It was naan bread stuffed with chicken. Everything in the sampler was delicious. I especially loved the chicken naan. It was different, and I think that's why it stood out to me. For dinner, there were 3 amazing dishes on the table. The first dish ordered was the cochin snapper, which was a house specialty. The dish was a whole grilled snapper  in  a curry sauce that seemed to be made with coconut milk. The dish was very tasty. The sauce had a sweet taste to it. The fish was cooked very well, and did not have a rank taste or smell. The second dish ordered for dinner was the chicken phaal. According to Man vs. Food, this is the hottest curry in the world. Now I do not know if that is true, but this is a very, very spicy dish. The waiter warned me when ordering the phaal that it was very spicy. This is not for the faint of heart. This is one of the spiciest dishes I have ever eaten. I believe I have a good palate for spicy food, but this was almost unbearable for me. When the dish arrives, it's not just spicy hot, but temperature hot as well, which adds to the pain. Once the dish cools down, it becomes a little more bearable to eat. Even with all this heat, the dish still had a taste to it. It wasn't just spicy, there was a flavorful taste to the phaal. The final dish was a great compliment to the phaal, and was the most unique dish at the table. It was called bhamia koota. What makes this dish so special was its origins - it's a "Calcutta Jewish Specialty." When I saw that description, I knew I wanted to try it. How often do you see a Jewish dish at an Indian restaurant? The meat in this dish was lamb, which was cut up in cubes. The lamb could have been a little softer, but it was fine. When the dish arrived, it looks like a regular curry dish, so I thought it was going to be spicy. However, it was a sweet dish that tasted very similar to a tikka masala or korma. This is why I say it was a great compliment with the phaal. I enjoyed all the dishes I had, but this dish stood out to me because of its origins and its flavor. I am not a big fan of sweet Indian dishes, but I enjoyed this one. Overall, this is a great Indian restaurant. The food is amazing. If you are a novice or regular at eating Indian food, Karavalli has something for everyone. If you think you can handle really spicy food, try the phaal. If you can't eat much spice, there are a variety of dishes that will be able to soothe you. You will leave Karavalli knowing you had a great dining experience.
I came here on a weekend to visit my dad. I live in Manhattan and see lots of great restaurants. Karavalli was equivalent to best I've had. The food was delicately spiced and not the standard over some Indian food in suburbia. My dish thoughts - crispy okra was one of the most unique and best dishes I have ever had. You have to try this. - the kebabs were fantastic. All the chicken ones were incredible. - the curries and masalas were all good - butter chicken great too
I can't believe I ate India food. It's been 15 years because my "system" can't handle it. Well I had to give it try in some region of upstate New York I know nothing about. So i go to yelp. 4.5 stars. I had some chicken dish in a "gravy" that was very flavorful. I hope I don't regret it in a few hrs.
I have never had better Indian food than Karavalli.  Not in NYC, not anywhere.  Yum!   The food is all exquisitely tasty.  In fact I get cravings and it started several years ago that whenever I was anywhere near Latham I would go for the buffet lunch, and then it has morphed into: I have a craving for Karavalli, must go now (even tho I'm 30 miles away).  It's that good.   Why only 4 stars?  Well they could do a better job at refilling buffet dishes more promptly.  I have yet to order off the menu, and always enjoy the buffet.  Very good but sometimes not great variety, if for example you don't want goat and the veggies in the veggie tandoor look hard and uncooked, and there are no veggies left in the veggie w/ sauce dish, and they don't replenish it.  There is usually a good mix of meat and non-meat dishes.  And all deliciously different-tasting.  I suspect it's different regions, but I know that there are different spice combination and they're superb!  Individually and collectively. I wish they would tell me -- or label -- what the various condiments and appetizers are on the buffet line so I could eat like an Indian -- and there are plenty there (and their loud children), particularly at the weekend lunch buffet.
After visiting Dubai, and trying Indian for the first time while there, we have been looking for a local alternative  and we found it at Karavellis.  The food tastes amazingly authentic, and the service is very attentive. We will definitely be back! P.s. I'm not sure I understand people's comments that their dinner meals are pricey. They are about $20-25 and the portions are pretty big. We all went home with doggie bags.
Food is tasty and well spiced. It was busy and seemed like they were understaffed so service was a bit slow. Other than that, I would recommend the place.
Karavalli is really good!  I consider myself reasonably knowledgeable, since I live in New Jersey and we eat a lot of Indian food.  I was very impressed with the food at Karavalli.  The menu is fascinating and diverse, with food from many regions of India.    I highly recommend it. One thing - dinner portions are enormous.  Unless you're really hungry, you might consider sharing a dish.   The map on my Droid (Google Map) led me to the wrong place, about 1 1/2 miles away.  After searching around, I called the restaurant and they guided me to the correct address.
Great south indian and north indian food in one place. Probably the best Indian restaurant in the capital region. And to top it they have have excellent customer service.
This is hands-down the BEST Indian restaurant I have been to in all five of the states I've lived in in the past 10 years. The service is always excellent here. The staff is attentive and friendly. The food is so fresh and so delicious, I feel like I'm eating in my aunt's kitchen. All the dishes are prepared the traditional way - cooked with fresh and dried whole spices. The buffet features a variety of mild to spicy dishes as well as many vegetarian-friendly dishes. There have been many weekends where my family is the only non-Indian family present, a good sign to our way of thinking. This is the perfect place for a business lunch, a date, a quiet meal alone, or to bring your whole family.   Tip: If you're not accustomed to eating real Indian foods, beware biting into a whole dried red chile or cardamom pod. Tip: Try the weekend lunch buffet, it is the largest and most decadent spread offered.
Absolutely excellent. Service was a tad slow at the start, but the food was delicious and they got it together by the end if the meal. Tikka masala is to site for, and the naan is just right
SO fresh! The buffet is a beautiful spread of different Indian foods. I love the Tiki Masala, palak paneer, any of the different veggie dishes, and naan! It's mouth watering just thinking about it. I usually go to the Sunday lunch buffet, and it gets packed in there, so they could expand.
Very good food but kind of a disappointing dining experience (if that's what you're looking for). The restaurant was a little smaller than I expected and the tables were packed in pretty tightly. As it filled up the overall din was quite loud and we had to basically shout across the table to each other. As I said, the food was very good and the portions were appropriate for the price. The service was hurried and the bill came without being asked about coffee or dessert. When we did ask, we were told it was very busy and people were waiting for our table. There was a short line but I feel that is to be expected when you show up somewhere on a Saturday night without reservations. I can't say that I'll be in a rush to go back. If I lived closer, I think it would be a regular take out spot though. I think Shalimar has better samosas anyway
Amazing, had the samosas (veggie and lamb), curry goat and shrimp manga curry. Everything was great. Naan bread was good and the mango lassi was delicious. Service was a little slow but overall I would come back again.
Love it here - the food is consistently good and the restaurant is always packed, which I take as a good sign. We have been on their special holiday buffets, which were excellent - lots of vegetarian entrees, fresh food, and they didn't let anything empty stay that way for long.  Super nice staff too. Try it, it's definitely one of the best Indian restaurants in the area.
The absolute best indian food I've ever had.   Table service was quick even with every table full and a line out the door.  I can't wait to return and try some of the other dishes I saw being served around me. Even better bonus my husband who up until now has found every Indian dish "just too spicy," was the first to say we were coming back. I ordered the Chicken Ammwala which was surprisingly sweet but delicious.  We also had the Lamb Korma which had a bit more heat but was equally delectable. Can't wait for my next trip.
Very polite and attentive staff. Food was best I have had in capitol region. Recommend all come and try it out.
Eh. Interesting foods (e.g., lamb with coconut and cumin) offset by a host of annoyances: --not great service --nut and raisin naan with no raisins and barely any nuts but made from those seeds in bowls at the door --scuzzy bathrooms --wrong directions on the apple map ap. So overall not an enjoyable experience.
As an Albany-born person who works in Manhattan and lives in Brooklyn, I feel like people are constantly delineating between things that are "Albany good" and "good good." This is pretty ridiculous, especially in light of what I'm about to say. Karavalli is my favorite Indian restaurant in the States. Not my favorite Capital Region chappati joint or the best place on I-87 to pick up sag paneer ,it's the best. And the Latham location is better than the Saratoga one, despite sitting next to sketchy pool hall off Route 9. The first clue that you're in for a special experience is the clientele. There's a steady stream of diners at off hours, and it's a stream that becomes a torrent around peak dinner times. Your fellow patrons will be the crème de la crème of the region's South Asian community, the doctors and engineers who have settled in the North Colonie school district. They're hear for regional Indian cuisine that's hard to find in New York City. Kerala is an seaside state on India's southwest, known for its tranquility and high rates of education. There's a strong tradition of seafood in the State, and dishes like crab ulathiyathu and bagari shrimp are a great way to sample the cuisine. Highlights on the mains are numerous to list but I find that Karavalli does a particular good job balancing spicy flavors with sweet ones - so considering ordering something with a pepper on the menu. It won't be a monolith of fire. The Latham location has a particularly large menu and presentation of "Southern Indian dishes" - typically associated with provinces to the north and east of Kerala are to be recommended as well. This is the best dosa within a hundred miles and the iddli are just like your imaginary babji in Chennai makes. This might sound overwhelming, but the staff here are great. The more you ask them, the more information they'll volunteer about the consistency, preparation and origins of the dish. Karavalli is a blessing. Go immediately, and order something different.
Not the best buffet for me... I have a weak tolerance for spicy food, so the food at lunch buffet from Karavalli is too spicy for me, even though I read other reviews saying this is the best buffet, I would suggest people who don't like spicy food to be careful. The sign outside the restaurant says "Regional Indian Cuisine", and at the buffet they cooked the cabbage dish differently, and had a rice with lentil dish that's not at any other Indian restaurant, that was nice.
Hands down the best indian restaurant in the capital region. Their north indian and south indian food are both excellent. Mysore masala dosa, Idli, medu vada, chana saag, chicken tikka masala, samosas, lahsuni gobhi, naan, biryaani & multi are all amazing. I have yet to try their buffet. Can't wait!
I always look forward to eating at an Indian buffet !.  The qualification is that a lot of Indian buffets offer only the most well know or popular Indian dishes, not so with Karavalli, which also brings nan to your table so you don't have to fight for scrapes at the buffet table.
Walk into an Italian restaurant, see tons of Italians = Its gonna be good. Into a Japanese Restaurant, swarming with Japanese people = Delicious.   And into a Greek place, with tons of Greeks... I think you know where I'm going with this. Once i saw the entire Indian population for the area in here, i knew it was gonna be great. Staff was quiet but, friendly and attentive. Got the Meat Sampler, everything on it was delicious. I absolutely love when food comes with dipping sauces. Stabbing a piece of food and shoving it in your mouth is too simple for my liking. The Malabar Addu Curry was for Dinner which is Goat on the bone in a semi spicy curry with coconut and carrot. The meat was succulent and tender. The sauce was amazing. I was happy we had some left over bread from the Appetizer to dip it in. Affordable, tasty and an overall good experience.
Karavalli is just okay. The atmosphere and extremely attentive staff are nice, but the food isn't the most flavorful that I've had and they are a little skimpy on the meat; you get a pretty bowl of sauce with a few shreds of meat. I also had an incident when I went here with a group of 8 and we each liked a different type of bread and the waiter was insistent that we were ordering too many breads and wouldn't leave the table until we decided which 2 to take off (strange but true story and I had to let go of my order of Roti to get the waiter to leave the table and put the order in). I've had the chana masala, chicken/lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka saag, kundapur chicken, chicken ammwala,  malia kofta, palak paneer, and almost everything on the appetizer menu.  Its all good, but just NOT THE BEST.   I think most reviewers are influenced by the stylish atmosphere in writing such high reviews (or they havent' really been to the other places in the area).  Biryani of Latham and Jewel of India are both much more flavorful and markedly less expensive.   The quality of the food just isn't worth the price and they are SIGNIFICANTLY more expensive than other Indian restaurants in the area. They do have a parking lot working in their favor along with nice decor. Also in their favor, they are consistent with quality; which is more than can be said for several other Indian restaurants in the area. Its nice, its edible, but I don't seek it out.
After reading all the reviews about this restaurant, we decided to give it a try today. I have to say they have best Naan ever! Fresh, crispy, and soft :-) Food taste not as spicy as I had before from my Indian friend's house. Dessert is good taste too! Very authentic Indian taste!
Great food and convenient location. Dinner prices are fair. Lunch buffet is wonderful! "Cozy" seating.
I really like Karavalli. Fresh, deliciously spiced food, the only down side is the price tag. If it were a few dollars cheaper I could bump them up to five, but then again I'm sure their quality would suffer. Even their buffets are amazing. Not just leftovers or generic food. I've tried so many dishes I've never even seen on the menus of other places on the lunch buffet at Karavalli.
This is hands-down some of the best Indian/Pakistani food I have ever had. I was visiting my pregnant sister who lives in Albany, and we actually ended up here because my brother-in-law missed an exit on the freeway for the restaurant we meant to go to, so we figured we were already going towards Karavalli so we went there instead We ordered a masala dosai, channa masala, chicken tikka masala, and a lamb dish with okra that I can't remember the name of.  The sauces were amazing.   Well-balanced and well-spiced. For desert I had a paneer with sweetened milk dish.  It was pretty good.  I also had the chai masala to drink. This ended up being way too much food for 3 and more like food for 6.   While the naan was only okay, things went really well with the basmati rice. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes indian food.  As a plus, I think the Indian food made my sister's baby kick more than it normally would. :-)
Great food and convenient location. Dinner prices are fair. Lunch buffet is wonderful! "Cozy" seating.
With all the great reviews here, I thought I'd give them a try.  Overall, my impression is positive, but it was a bit of a let down.  The hype from Yelpers drove up the expectation too much.  The place is small, located in what seems to be a mainly a medical plaza.   We ordered a plain dosa, bhel poori, Melagu Chicken Chittenadu, Cochin Snapper, and a shrimp biryani.  I figured this would be a good cross section to judge the restaurant.  Their menu selection is huge and has a wide variety of dishes from different regions of India, though the dosa on the menu hints at their primary regional expertise. Karavalli is the only place I know of in the area that serves dosa (or "dosai" on their menu).  It is a regional specialty of southern India, like a crepe but made from rice flour and lentils.  Karavalli serves three kinds of them, plain, potato-filled ("masala"), and made from semolina flour ("rava").  We ordered a plain one, which came out as a huge roll (about 18" long), with accompaniment for dipping: two types of chutneys and a sambar (a veggie stew, to be spooned or dipped).  Don't be intimidated--you just tear a piece, dip and eat.  I really enjoyed it.  It's different. Then we ordered a bhel poori.  I never tried it before, but it sounded good.  What came out is basically rice puffs (think "rice krispies") mixed with a sweet tamarind sauce.  We were not impressed. As for the main dishes: the melagu chicken, despite the two pepper signs, was not really all that spicy.  The sauce was relatively bland, and the chicken was a bit chewy.  The cochin snapper is a specialty dish, and comes with veggie biryani and garlic naan.  The presentation is impressive!  But I've never been a big fan of Indian fish dishes... something about all those powerful spices drowning out the delicate flavor of fish.  The dish was decent, but fairly average in taste. The shrimp biryani is by far one of the better ones I've had (the old Tandoor Palace on Lark/Madison had my favorite, but now closed).  WARNING!  This dish is spicy!  I love spicy food and I rarely flinch at anything claiming to be super-hot, but this dish kicked my ass... it is still burning in my stomach as I write this review.  I don't think there were pepper signs on the menu, so be careful!  The little bit of raita that comes with it did nothing to tone down the spice.  You were warned! The beverage menu is very good for an Indian restaurant, with wines (why anyone would drink wine with Indian food is beyond me... match with a sweet, fruity wine, if you must), and a wide variety of domestic and international beers, including the usual Indian labels like Kingfisher and Taj Mahal.  I had the latter, but in general, most Indian beers are so-so.  Drink them for the novelty. All in all, definitely an above average Indian restaurant, with good food, great selection.  Does it justify the exceptionally high prices?  Well, not to me, but keep in mind that their portions are larger than your typical Indian restaurant, so if you can adjust for that mentally, it's okay.  My bill for the above including tip was $92, but we took home half of almost everything.  You be the judge.
After reading all the reviews about this restaurant, we decided to give it a try today. I have to say they have best Naan ever! Fresh, crispy, and soft :-) Food taste not as spicy as I had before from my Indian friend's house. Dessert is good taste too! Very authentic Indian taste!
I first read about Karavalli a few years ago when they were reviewed in a local paper.  We had just moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Albany, NY and was desperate to find "ethnic" cuisines that we were so used to finding in the San Francisco metro area.  I poured over the local dining guides in search of something else than "pizza", meat and potatoes, pasta, and typical Mall fare (well, you get the idea) -- and fortunately, found the review on Karavalli.   We visited Karavalli in Latham 6 months after they had just opened.  We met with their Chef/Owner since he had plenty of time to talk to people because his restaurant was just "new" and they were still in search of customers.  We have returned many times since and the Chef/Owner would always stop by our table to say "hello".  We appreciated those small gestures and have returned the favor by giving him more business.   Fast forward several years later, we have returned to the San Francisco Bay Area and I felt a fair review of Karavalli was in the works.  Honestly, I give it 5-stars.  The food is good, well made, no compromising of taste, and practically consistent.  If a dish is supposed to be "spicy" then so be it because that's the way it's supposed to be.  Anything less is like asking McDonald's to go vegetarian or Starbucks to use Folgers.   We love their buffet lunch.  Not a lot of choices compared to Indian restaurants in Silicon Valley where they have huge vats of stuff and over 20 choices, but what you get at Karavalli is what they do best -- offer you delicious Indian cuisine.  No more, no less.   If we are in the Albany area again, we will certainly stop by Karavalli to have authentic South Indian cuisine.
Karavalli is my new favorite Indian restaurant in the area.  Great fresh food; fast and friendly service.  I've come several times for dinner but haven't yet tried the buffet.  The meats are tender, good portions and very well spiced, with plenty of meat and sauce to cover my rice.  Their breads are also very good without being too greasy.  And unlike many of their competitors, they serve alcohol - including some tasty, unique mixed drinks.  I'd give them a full five stars if the food was just a tad cheaper.  However, Karavalli does have a classier atmosphere than any of the local Indian restaurants I've been to.   One warning:  Steer clear of the Salt Lassi.  I'm still not sure what provoked my husband to order it, but he was so disgusted by it that he refused to return to Karavalli for at least 6 months afterward.  It's a very, very salty beverage, so unless that sounds appealing to you for some strange reason, stick with the Mango.
Really genuine regional Indian food. Place filled up at the dinner hour. Lots of Indians and Pakistanis who seem to know their food.
WOW OH WOW!!! We stopped here before heading to Lake George and we are so glad and happy we did.  My husband and I had the lunch buffet, which was a great choice to have. They had everything you could ask for in a buffet: dosas, pani puri, chicken tandoori, bhel puri, chicken tikka masala, lentils, channa masala and many more that I cannot remember.  It was as tasty as having Indian food in Jackson Heights, NY.  The food is tremendously delicious and unforgettable.   My husband and I loved the food, the service and decor.  The price and food are just right and perfect for everyone to enjoy. When you come here, make sure you skip a meal because it will put you in a food coma afterwards..which made it a little difficult to drive to Lake George...hahaha!!! We are so coming back here when we make it up there, again!!!
Gotta go with the masses on this one. The food was excellent. I had the Chicken Chettinad which is chicken cooked in a black pepper and roasted coconut sauce. It was just like I remember it from India. My girlfriend has the Masala Dosa and it was better than the one at Royal India which itself was very good. Believe it or not, it tasted pretty much like dosa you get in India. We also got the Gajar (Carrot) Halwa for dessert which was surprisingly good. I expected it to be heavy on the butter and cloyingly sweet but it turned out to be only slightly sweet and not very buttery. It was made with cloves and cardamom which you could taste very slightly in the dish. Overall, it was very good.   As with Royal India, this place is run by Keralites (from the South Indian state of Kerala) too! I lived for 7 years in Columbus and never came across even one restaurant with Kerala-style food. Anyway, the upshot of this bit of info is that you should try the dishes marked as a kerala speciality like the Fish Molee and various other fish dishes. I was a little short on cash and these were in the more expensive range so I passed for now.
We've been going to Karavalli ever since they opened in Latham.  We've been to many different Indian restaurants in the area, and quite a few outside of the Capital District.  While we have found some better far away from home, we have not found any locally that consistently provide such a high level of quality on each visit.  And we have yet to find another local Indian restaurant that serves Dosai. Our usual starter was the spicy Mysore Masala Dosai ($8) - a large, thin, rice and lentil crepe filled with potatoes and served with sambar, tomato chutney, and coconut chutney.  This could be a good lunch for one person, but still leaves some room for dinner when shared by two. Lamb Saag ($15) was my dinner choice - lamb cooked in delicately spiced spinach gravy.  The lamb was not too strong in flavor and blended well with the spinach.  Half of it came home with me and the lamb was a bit stronger as a leftover.  My wife stayed with her usual Chettinadu Vegetable ($12) - vegetables in authentic spicy black pepper and roasted coconut sauce.  It will continue to be her favorite.  Both entrees were served with a large bowl of rice.  We also ordered some Garlic Nan ($4) that was hot and tasty. Our meals were washed down with a couple of bottles of beer.  I don't recall exactly what we had, but since they offer quality beers, I likely had a Samuel Adams and my wife may have had a New Castle.  Considering we arrived on Valentine's Day, without a reservation, to what appeared to be the end of the first seating of the evening, we were pleased that they found us a table within about 10 minutes.  Our total bill was $56.16 after tax and before tip.  A very reasonable price for the quality of the food served.
I went to this restaurant based on the reviews. True to the reviews, this is really the best in this area. Their Malabar Goat Curry and Goat Biriyani are really good. The buffet on weekends is also good, but is pricey compared to restaurant in Texas. I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you are in the Albany Capital region.
Chicken vindaloo was outstanding.  So attentive, high quality, and constantly full. I am hungarian, and typically joke that since my people invented paprika I was built for heat.  And most often my desire for a burn is left unanswered....not this time!! Will be back when I am in town next month!
Went here last night and was very impressed.  My boyfriend and I don't know a lot about Indian cuisine and the waiter was very friendly and helpful, offering many suggestions and being honest about what we'd enjoy and what were the best picks for us. We both enjoyed our meals.  Everything was flavorful and ample.  The portion sizes are just right--not super huge, but not skimpy either.  My boyfriend ate his entire plate, but I had a good amount of leftovers. The location is not the best, it is kind of out of the way in a little plaza, but not awful.  The restaurant itself is small, but clean and welcoming.  Prices are fair, maybe a little on the higher side compared to other Indian restaurants, but fair with the quality of the dishes.
Great food, and a sure stop when the family comes to visit. While I don't remember the names of most of the food we ordered, all I can say is, it's extravagant and visually pleasing. Delicious, too. The meat samplers? A huge dish of various, juicy meats for under $15. The jumbo shrimp were jumbo. Succulent. Rosemary naan? The best. A staple I usually order anywhere I go is the chicken tikki masala. Karavalli's version is a bit more tomatoey than most other places, placing less emphasis on the cream. I'm okay with that! The chicken isn't overcooked either, which is a hard feat to accomplish for most other Indian restaurants. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes Indian food in the capital region. I know my middle-eastern friends love this place too!
Wow... this is one of the best restaurants on the whole entire planet... For serious.  My boyfriend and I went thrice for dinner, and the food was excellent each time.  Heck, we drove out 40 minutes one way. Their menu seems like a fusion of foods from different regions, 'cause some things are not typically on other menus... like the bagari jhinga, an appetizer that's not just good, but it's-okay-if-i-die-now delicious.  Same goes for the staples:  Paneer Masala, Malai Kofta, Vegetable Korma, Chicken Phal...     The ambiance is really nice and the wait staff is friendly and inobtrusive.  They also act like you're the only one they're serving, so I walked out of there feeling like a million bucks.   Yeah, you get what you pay for... the prices kill you if you're on a student budget (like me), but dinner is well worth it.  (I went for the buffet, and although it's cleaner that most, my expectations were too high from dinner, so it ruined it).
Karavalli was decent, but I wasn't as blown away as I had hoped to be based on the superb reviews. That said, I'd be willing to try it again next time I'm near Albany. The Masala Dosai was decent. It's a huge crepe, but it's quite light with a little filling in the middle, which is typical of the dish. The dipping sauces for the dosai were excellent though. I wasn't as impressed with my Dal Makhni as I had hoped to be. It was well spiced, but something was missing - maybe it wasn't creamy enough? It just didn't do it for me. The garlic naan was wonderful though. Definitely get it!
The very best in the area.   If you like to sample every damn thing, may I suggest their buffet lunch?  $15 for all you can eat, & the array of appetizers, nibblies, chutneys, sauces, sides, meat and vegetarian entrees, desserts is mind boggling.  I double-dare you to try everything. Last time I got all up in it, I had to go home & nap; straight to bed for 3 hours.  Eating like that hit me like a freight train... a delectable freight train.
I agree with all the compliments above - and the brunch is fabulous! The Onion Naan is irresistable - especially with raiita. I just wish they used less salt- especially in that raiita
Summary- Lunch is a pretty darn good deal if you want a big lunch with lots of selection for an Indian Buffet. Food- 4 Stars I thought all the food was pretty darn good. Some things that don't deal well with buffets weren't as good (pakora's) but overall the flavors were good, the meat wasn't overcooked, and the selection was nice. The Tandoori was excellent in particular as was one of the eggplant dishes. Service- 2.5 Stars Fine I guess. Hard to gauge actual service with a buffet. Atmosphere- 3.5 Stars It's a nice place, clean and well taken care of. The bathrooms are oddly placed though. Value- 3 Stars About where it belongs for an Indian lunch buffet. My co-worker felt dinner was overpriced.
The best Indian in the area- and it's really not close- for not only the quality of the food but the variety.   This isn't just a slather it in curry Americanized northern Indian place; they specialize in southern Indian cuisine.   I can't recommend this enough- go there and experiment  try something you've haven't before- it will be good. The brunch buffet is always a delicious treat.
Restaurant is so pretty. Service was top notch. Food was amazing.  When I asked about individual dishes, the waiter was learned enough to tell me how they were prepared and cooked. I highly recommend the Garlic Naan, the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Vegetable Samosas, and the Chicken Vindaloo.
We ordered three different lamb curry under the special column and one salmon curry for lunch, though it takes longer time to prepare the food than going directly for the lunch buffet. The food is tasty and We like the naan and roti a lot~ The one thing that I dont like is that the mango lessi and shake are soooooo sweat that I just cant finish it...
A must,  the service and food are great!!  Never a disappointment...  Portions are big.  I usually order 1/2 portion or an app for my dinner.  Water glass never empty and prices are fair!
Absolute best Indian food in the Cap Region. I've been to the one in Latham many times and since moving to Saratoga county, have been to the one downtown as well.  One of my favorite dishes is the chana masala - it's always cooked perfectly - one of the many wonderful vegetarian options. They also don't use dairy in this particular dish (I've been to other restaurants that make the sauce creamy) and will kick up the heat if you ask them to.   Another amazing choice is the Dosa. Not all Indian restaurants offer this as a selection and I was thrilled to find it there! The dosas are generally very good but sometimes they are a little too oily. The dosa with curried potatoes is delicious but very filling. The Tikka Masala, curries, bread selection, rice...really...everything that I've ever had there has been delicious.  Portions are generous and service at the Latham location is top notch. Saratoga's quality is just as good; the service is decent but not as friendly as what I've experienced in Latham. I did have a lunch meeting in Latham last year and was surprised by the buffet. It was amazing! Don't expect to get much work done after a big lunch there, though....you'll probably overeat. I did.
We come here a lot.. The food ranges from good to incredible (Depending on the day and the chef) but prices are reasonable and service is always really good. this place is possibly the best Indian restaurant in town so I'm glad they exist and would highly recommend to all. Would rate them higher if they could consistently deliver the food I know they are capable of.
I have considerable expertise in preparing the regional cuisines of India; and I answer questions about same at all experts.com In this region, Karavalli is not our premier Indian restaurant, the runner(s) up are distinctly distant. I have taken numerous friends and relatives there and this eatery always garners the highest kudos.
(3.5 bordering on 4 for an Indian buffet) I went for the lunch buffet and was pleasantly surprised.  It was a bit more then I am use to paying for a weekday lunch buffet ($13.99 for the buffet, an iced tea and tax vs. the $8 at most other places).  however, it was very good.  it was not a large buffet but they had a nice representation of items.  in addition to the standard iceberg, cucumber,tomato and onion salad they also had a tasty salad with some sort of bean sprouts, shredded carrots, red and green bell peppers and some herbs.  They also had a few more condiments in addition to the standard red onion chutney, cilantro-mint chutney and cucumber yogurt sauces which I love on everything,   they also had a sweet mango chutney which was fantastic on the veggie pakora. There was also a lemon pickle.  I'm glad I finally got to try an Indian citrus pickle without having to pay for it because I now know I'm not a fan of this type of pickle!  there was another condiment but I didn't sample it.  I was too full at that point! for dessert they offered the standard cool and creamy rice pudding which was tasty.  hay also had a honey and spice shredded carrot dessert that was very good.  And I didn't feel bad eating it even though it was tasty as can be. They actually brought to the table an entire basket of fresh cooked garlic nan. t smelled and tasted amazing.  it was hot, chewy, flakey, buttery and loaded with garlic.  it was so good! the iced tea I was served, although large, unsweetened and garnished with a huge lemon wedge and sprig of fresh mint, tasted like it came out of a soda tap. but I appreciated the presentation and yummy garnishments. The main offerings were better then most Indian places I've eaten at.  for one, spicy dishes were indeed spicy.  Not over the top but I felt the heat and loved it. next, they had two lamb dishes in addition to the chicken dishes.  I am so sick of chicken chicken everywhere!  The addition of lamb was nice.  And the chicken dishes were great since they were properly spiced.  Although, even though their chicken tikka masala was better then what I've eaten at most places, I came to realize that chicken tikka masal is just not my cup of tea.  'M just not into super creamy chicken in a super creamy sauce. They had a fantastic creamed spinach and mushroom dish, a tasty chickpea dish, a very tasty eggplant dish, a cabbage dish that I loved... and a few other offerings I can't remember. In a nutshell, I was pleased with the lunch buffet.  I would actually consider coming for diner and ordering off the regular menu. I wouldn't even consider that at Shalimar. *IF ANYONE HAS AN INDIAN BUFFET recommendation where they offer more then chicken, and are not afraid to use spices, heat included, and which is at least as good as Karavelli but hopefully even better,  please let me know!*
4.5 starts.  I've eaten from Karavalli on visits to the area 3 or 4 times over the past couple of years.   As with others on here, I'd particularly recommend the lunch buffet.   For a reasonable price, you've got several different dishes to try--and they are all likely to be good.  Lots of vegetarian options.  Service is understated, stoic, efficient. I'd especially recommend the weekend buffet.  During the week, the buffet is very good, but it is definitely a five-star experience on the weekend.  Nearly twice as much food and the restaurant was packed with an appreciative crowd.
Food is out-of-this-world fantastic, service is progressively more terrible - and occasionally very slow - each time we visit, which must be over 20 times by now. I'm taking a star off for this. Back when this place first opened, we had pleasant service and I remember chatting to the owners about the decorations, and it was all just *nice*. Contrast that to each time we visit now, where the waiters are snippy and just plain Rude. Indian places are known for their taciturn waitstaff, but it's just gone too far here. When our table of seven walked in for a friend's birthday on Friday and we were treated so poorly, I felt the need for a Yelp. It was like... geez... I'm sorry I brought a large group in to spend lots of money and eat your food? What? If you haven't read the other reviews, it's easily the best Indian food in the area and maybe even tops all the Indian restaurants when I lived in Boston. The weekend brunch buffet is *sublime* - Dozens of appetizers, main courses, and at least four desserts (this places me squarely in heaven). Wonderful. I'm one of those people who will come back for the food above all else, but you've been warned.
One of the few Indian restaurants in the area that serves more then just the run of the mill Indian-Pakistani fare.  Karavalli brings delicacies form all over India to Latham.  They make my personal favorite indian dish Mysore Masala Dosa, that fact alone gives Karavalli five stars in my book. If its your first time I recommend the Maharajah brunch, where you can sample a number of the dishes on the menu at once.
Awesome lunch buffet
Karavalli is Latham is simply where flavor lives. Unlike the other Indian places in the area they serve a number of Southern Indian style coconut curry and seafood dishes.  I also believe this may be the only place in the area that has Phaal (super spicy curry) on the menu.  I have had the Chicken Phaal from Brick Lane in NYC which btw was no where near as hot as advertised, but Karavalli's version although tame by comparison still bring the pain.   The lunch buffet or weekend brunch is where its at!  The standard buffet favorites are always present and they constantly rotate the other dishes for a nice variety. The only downside to Karavalli is price and the fact that it is often jam packed during the weekend brunch.  The brunch buffet is around $15 and the weekday is $10.  The servers are polite but it can take a while to get your check when the place is packed. Bottom line: The best Indian food in the capital district.
Great restaurant great prices great food and great service need i say more I would recommend this restaurant to anybody had a really good time only reason I didn't give it 5 stars but because this is my first Indian restaurant so I had nothing to compare it to
For a place with food as good as this, they really need to invest in some professional waiters. Like most ethnic restaurants, they seem to have a problem hiring waitstaff that aren't from their background or worse, who are not their family. All servers are male, of course. And slow. I went here on a Saturday night, the place was slammed, and there were exactly two waiters on duty. They tried their hardest but could not keep orders straight, took their sweet ass time getting our orders, and we basically had to wait 20 minutes just to order our meal.
It is a small Indian restaurant with good food, great service, and very reasonable prices. We have tried both North Indian and South Indian dishes and everything was delicious. The food has a distinct flavor to it. They can manage their spice level very well, without making the food blindly spicy and killing its flavor, like lot other Indian restaurants do. Will go there again for sure.
fantastic indian food, great vegan menu, authentically represents the flavors of south india! I spent a summer in south india and I miss those wonderful flavors of spicy chilies, creamy coconut and tangy curry leaf. karavalli makes phenomenal dosas (they are spicy so don't get the mysore style unless you like heat) and great vegan entrees. My faves are the lassoni gobi which is a bit like gobi manchurian fused with sweet and sour sauce, kundapur vegetables which is quite spicy but also creamy, and the green beans and lentils entree which is very creamy and full of delicious flavor but without much heat - so a good option if you aren't into super spicy food. Also in appetizers, kurkuri bhindi is really yummy and crispy. Only thing I wouldn't recommend especially here are the idlis. I love and miss delicious, fresh, spongy, slightly sour idlis and miss them a ton. the idlis I had here were a little dry and tasted a bit old. It is traditionally a breakfast food and I was ordering at dinner, but I would have hoped they would make them fresh. Idli aside however their food is really wonderful and if you are looking for a really authentic dosa in the capital region, come here!
My fav Indian place around! Dinner is pricey but the lunch buffet is excellent and affordable.
A great dinner experience! The menu was vast and varied. Service was professional and attentive without interrupting the meal. The dish itself was very flavorful with the heat complimenting the spices. All in all a very pleasant dining experience. Highly recommended. The map seems to show a different address so check your directions with the address given on the main page.
LOVE this place. We just had one of the best meals we've had in Albany (well, not quite in Albany). We ordered two apps. One, the Medhu vada, was amazing. These lentil fritter (lentil doughnuts!) were savory, light, and delicious. They came with a variety of condiments (all of which were unknown, but were pretty tasty). The other appetizer, the Bhel poori, was fine; it contained puffed rice, chopped onion, potato, cilantro, and tamarind sauce, which sounds more interesting than it actually was. It had a little bite, but not much. We got two entrees: the chicken tikka masala (easy to compare to other restaurants) and the chicken kashmiri (grilled chicken marinated in yogurt, ginger and white pepper, then in a mild almond/cashew/cream sauce); both were pretty terrific. The buttery, creamy tomato gravy of the tikka masala was excellent, but the kashmiri sauce was divine. These were perfectly accompanied by the AMAZING rosemary naan (I have never seen rosemary naan before, but it was the best naan i've EVER had). The only downsides to Karavalli are the location and the prices. It's a little remote if you don't have a car and the prices are a tad high. But next time we have a car rental, we'll go back. An excellent meal!
I used to not be a believer in Indian food - but thanks to Karavalli - I am. They offer some great Indian eats. Their naan is exceptional to begin with. Some of the best dishes we have had there in our many trips have been the korma - both chicken and lamb - though for whatever reason, the sauce tastes particularly good with the lamb. The Chicken tikka masala is also really good. They have a ton of different options, and if you have a fussy eater in your party - chances are, you could still find something for them, because they do have some more dressed down dishes - you just have to know a little bit of what you are looking for, but the staff can tell you wonderful details about any dish. My cousin had ordered a dish there while she was pregnant and already didn't care for spicy dishes to begin with, and even more so during the pregnancy, and didn't realize what she ordered was spicy - they were more than happy to remake the dish without any spice in it at all, without any fuss - and without her even asking them to - they just happened to overhear her saying she didn't realize it would be spicy. I thought that really stood out for service on their end.
Food was good but unhappy with lack of attention to detail. They forgot to pack my hardly eaten meal in the take home bag. Made up for it by giving me a free meal. My to go lamb biryani was too spicy and I almost broke my teeth chewing a stone! Will not go there again for this reason
had to see what the hype was all about. This place delivered. The food is not salty and heavy like the Indian food I'm used to in SIllicon Valley. You could say it was made with love.. The patrons were overwhelmingly Indian,  a sign that this is the go to place. I agree with Lai-Yee the prices are a little steep but what are you gonna do. I think I'll try the buffet next.
The food was AMAZING! I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was out of this world! We got there early on a Friday night and the dining room filled up very quickly behind us. By the time that we left that the line was going out the door! So if you plan on going on a popular night, either get there early or call for a reservation. But it is well worth any wait!
I came here for their New Year's brunch special and it was the best Indian food I have had, ever. They had a great selection of regional dishes, including chicken kabobs, lamb stew, potato chickpea vinegar salad, and okra. No samosas or random curry dishes here! Everything is thoughtfully prepared with authentic ingredients like cumin and mustard seed, and there is a good range of mild to spicy dishes, but whatever you choose everything is fragrant and flavorful. Plus, the naan they provide at the beginning of each meal just makes the meal! It is a perfect complement to their many options. I also love that they have different kinds and styles of rice. I had all my choices with the basmati rice, which was cooked perfectly and really tasty. I would definitely come back here for their lunch buffet any day of the week - really great Indian food at a fair price. You will not leave hungry or disappointed.
nice variety on buffet - some dishes were very good; 2 i didn't care for, too bland.  Expensive compared to every other Indian buffet in the area! definitely NOT worth it; especially vs. Zaika or Curry House.
There isn't a day or time of the week that someone could ask me "Want to go to Karavalli?" that I wouldn't answer with an emphatic "YES!!"  Hands down the best Indian food in the the Capital District.  Yes, the priciest, but well worth the price.  This is the kind of food that is worthy of savoring each bite.  The ingredients are fresh, spice blends are well-balanced and full of complex flavors.  The weekend buffets are huge (love the chat!) and offer lots of variety for any palate.  My boyfriend and I are both vegetarians and do not frequent buffets because our options are usually slim.  Not at Karavalli; we have more options than we have room in our bellies. Personal Favorites: Navratan Korma- the sauce is unlike that of other restaurants, very complex with hints of mustard and clove, a hint of sweetness and rich without being heavy.  Leftovers are delicious the next day, too. Avial Malabar- similiar to the korma, but a bit more pungent spices, not as delicate sauce, not as sweet and a bit more exotic tasting with some unusual veggies (yams, drum stick, green banana) Paneer Khurchan- I've never seen this dish at other places, it's shredded paneer in a tomato/pepper/cream sauce.  Full of flavor.  Everyone I've brought to Karavalli has loved this dish. If you want to just shove some Indian food in your face until you feel full, don't go here, it would be a waste of the food.  If you are looking for a truly wonderful meal (great ambiance and service, to boot), this is the place to be.
Wow. As I wrote in some previous posts, it's pretty likely my husband and I will be relocating to the Albany area -- and I think eating at Karavalli sealed the deal. We always hit up Indian restaurants when we go on vacations, and even in places with huge Indian populations, like L.A. and Chicago, we've never found a Kerala-style restaurant like this. It's amazing! Being a little depressed from the selection of apartments on our recent "apartment-hunting" trip, we decided to take it easy one night and try this place out. They were really busy, but we nabbed the last open table. For appetizers, we had the potato bonda and the bhagari jhinga, which were both excellent - and really filling. My husband ordered an Indian beer called "old monk" that he remembered fondly and hasn't been able to find anywhere in the U.S., and I tried the Indian Shiraz, which, surprisingly, i really liked. For entrees, I had the Kerala Fish Curry, which was a spicy, rich dish with coconut/tamarind sauce. He ordered a prawn dish, but I can't remember what it was called. Both were excellent and we ate way too much of them! But we still decided to stuff ourselves at dessert by sharing a pista kulfi and it was amazingly fresh and delicious. Yum! The manager here was very friendly, too. If we end up moving to Albany, I'm pretty sure this we will be at this place several times a month...
I love this place. I tried lamb curry which is bigger dish compared with Lazze on central ave. I like both though. Oh the Indian ice cream is Soooo good.         They have some especially hot shrimp don't try! My friend just gave a lick and start sweating.
Great experience! The staff was gracious and the menu was nicely organized by protein with a separate vegan/vegetarian section. The waiter was patient and helpful, even explained that the nan was not vegan because yogurt is used to make it. He suggested the wheat roti, which was delicious. 5 stars for food, service, 4 for ambience (it got a bit loud from a large table). Overall, we had a very nice evening and will definitely be back!
I took my girlfriend here for her first adventure into Indian cuisine. We were both happy with our experience. That being said, it was not outstanding.    The prices are reasonable, about what you'd expect for Indian cuisine.    The dishes were tasty for the most part. I thought that the veggie samosa (always a favorite for me) were a bit lacking. I was happy to know that they had paratha available among their selection of breads. In fact, that's probably my favorite feature about this place - the bread selection.    The portions were reasonable. With an appetizer, special drinks, two bread orders, main and dessert, we were both quite satisfied. Girlfriend ended up bringing home some leftover bread and main.    The atmosphere left a lot to be desired. It's in a plaza of sorts and is basically just a big dining room. The bathrooms are a bit strange - way in back of the restaurant and seemingly shared by the other plaza spots.    The service was solid. I remember looking around for water a few times but everyone was pleasant.   Pretty good! Worth a shot. I'll probably bring her somewhere else if she craves Indian again, though.
Excellent food.  Worth the extra price.  I haven't had anything that that disappoints me.  This is the best Indian food for miles around.
I got a chance to try their food at a party that had catering from Karavalli. The starters of Gobi manchurian and Samosa were good and spicy. The mixed veg pakora was a little oily. I liked their Naan which was soft and well done and the Chicken chettinad and Tava chicken dishes were awesome with the Naan. Their vegetable biryani was ok and the dessert of Gulab Jamun was a little hard but tasted good.
so fantastic, wonderfully prepared dishes from ALL OVER INDIA, not just the north service is friendly and efficient and the food is just, just so good the weekend brunch is a feast and show-stopper all in one
Some of the best Indian food I've ever had with large selection of dishes from all over India, excellent food all around. Very slow service and watching several servers just standing around while waiting for a refill of water or another drink for at least ten minutes isn't really acceptable when it's a slow night. A bit pricey, may be even $$$ for dinner. The lunch buffet is much more affordable and not as dependent on the servers.
Somewhat pricier than the competition in the area but the quality and quantity are both there. The Chicken Vindaloo is especially spicy and will make you sweat. The service is friendly and attentive and the decor is a lot classier than other Indian restaurants in the area. The food is well prepared with premium ingredients and the portions are more than enough.
I always try to go there on Friday night for take out.  Usually, I get either KARAVALLI MEAT SAMPLER, LAMB VINDALOO, NILGIRI KORMA, or CHICKEN VINDALOO.  all prices are reasonable and you get what you paid for.  Vindaloo is hot, but yet you can still taste ginger, meat, and tomatoes.  Even, my cat loves their food, she needs to have a bite all the time.  Chicken Nan comes with Karavalli Meat Sampler only, but that is one of the best Nan I had for a long time.  I can taste Chicken Tandoori and Cilantro.
Spent an evening at a friend's house, and they ordered us all food from here.  I got the vegetable korma and the sauce blew me away.  Complex and perfectly blended spices.  I am sad they're not within delivery distance for us (we usually order from Jewel of India, which is good, but didn't hold a candle to Karavalli, in my opinion), and will happily go out of my way in the future to eat their food again.
I got the chicken ammwala (mango and spices). I also tried the chicken kashmiri (almond and cashew cream sauce) and garlic naan. Honestly, the chicken kashmiri is one of the best dishes I've ever had. It is sooooo good. Too bad I don't live close by. The service is good and the food is DELICIOUS!
Best of Albany....unpretentious  and good at what they do.   We had the Saturday buffet, fresh and tasty, and the staff are friendly.  The decor and lighting are lovely.  It's vegan friendly but they do serve meat so there's something for everyone.  Drive up and the parking is easy....places like this remind me of why we don't really miss NYC like we thought we would!
I hadn't eaten here in about 5-6 years and glad I thought about it as a lunch option yesterday. Lots of veg*n options and also a good choice for the meat eaters in your life. Also... Buffet!!! Can't go wrong with a buffet. :-)
I find the food here to be quite delicious.  It's a little pricey but the portion sizes are great.  The wait staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is nice.  Their chicken tikka masala is delicious as is their lamb dish... YUM.
This is the Indian restaurant in the Capital District that Indians will recommend to other Indians who recently moved here.  It's very good.
Having lived for work in NYC, India and SF Bay area, know what good Indian food is. This place is clean, friendly folks running it, but food is completely watered down!! This place is for folks who have not lived in India, or ate at real Indian places. Also, no Indians were to be found in the restaurant either- complete NO NO for me !! Was in Albany for work so dont know if there are any better Indian options, but if you want something authentic, and tasty, this might not be the place.
Both my wife and I have had the pleasure of good home cooked Indian cuisine in the past and we are hard to please with restaurants. Most Indian places are ok or passable in quality so it's rare I write a review, but Karavalli deserves it. The food is levels above other local joints or even other restaurants we've been to in major nearby cities (ie. Boston, NYC). Probably one of the top two or three Indian places as far as food quality I've dined at. Fried okra had just a touch of lime, not too much breading, not overpowering and done exactly right. Even my one year old liked it. Vindaloo was flavorful AND spicy and the saag paneer was perfect in consistency with tons of flavor. The only downside is I was too stuffed to try dessert, but that's for next time!
Outstanding Indian cuisine!  It is pricier than other area Indian joints, but you get what you pay for.  I am in love with their chicken ammwala and ragara appetizer.  They have entrees that range from very subtle tandoor grilled meats to fiery hot vindaloo.  They have a nice drink menu with a good selection of beer, wine and mixed drinks that pair really well with the food including a ginger martini and several mango based drinks.  I would give this 5 stars if the service were consistent. Most of the time, it is just fabulous with several waiters checking on you frequently, but occasionally, you feel like you've been completely forgotten in a corner.  The food is so good that I keep going back!
The best "Higher end" Indian restuant in a Albany area. Amazng lunch buffett.  Small and sometimes crowded but other times you can sit righ down.  Worth a try!
Excellent indian food. We take our family here toddler and all. Family friendly. Also excellent buffet. Best I've ever been to and we try a lot of indian.
Hands down the best Indian food I've ever had! Amazing buffet! Heard about this place from some friends and I've never looked back!
Very good indian food.  I've eaten this type of food in different parts of the world and this rates with the best of them.  ...Upscale with tasty food and good service.
Best Indian around, compared to Curry house, lazeez, shalimar, and a few others. Difference is you certainly pay for it here. Buffet has a lot of items you won't find at the others but not too big of a fan of the bufffet. Meals though here are top notch but as stated plan on shelling out $20 a person minimum. My opinion the one in saratoga is better too.
What an unexpected treat! While visiting my son at RPI in Troy, we decided to venture a few minutes outside the area for some Indian food. The dinner we had there was excellent! We got there around 5:15 PM and good thing because it was getting pretty full by 6 PM. We ordered the Palak (Saag) with Paneer and the Chettinadu Vegetable along with some Gobi Paratha bread. The Saag was perhaps the best I've ever had (and I've had a lot). The spices were well blended and the texture was perfect. The vegetable dish had a wonderful black pepper sauce that was unusual and tasty. And the portions were *very* generous. Overall a great meal and a great value.
A truly fantastic restaurant. Highly unique Southern Indian menu. Of course you can get the standard Indian fare here, but the highlights are to be found in the non-traditional-for-American-Indian-(not-Native-­American)-restaurant options. For example, the Avial Malabar, a traditional recipe of Kerala, is a  combination of lots of different vegetables (including drum sticks and green plantains!) in a turmeric/coconut-based sauce, and is highly recommended. It is also one of the few places in the capital region to get Dosa, another Southern Indian feature. Like most Indian restaurants, the a la carte menu is superior to the buffet, but this place shouldn't be missed no matter how you order. Although it's a bit more pricey than other Albany-area Indian restaurants, it's well worth the extra cost.
Coming from the UK means my wife and I are pretty fussy when it comes to Indian food and curries. It's taken a while to find somewhere in the capital district that hits the spot, but Karavalli certainly delivers the authentic curry experience. We shot straight for entrees. I had the chicken vindaloo which was very flavorsome and spicy enough and my wife had a vegetarian dish which went down just as nicely. So often Indian food in the US is tamed for the local palette.  Not here, judging by the number of Indian families this is probably pretty authentic. At last we have found an Indian restaurant as good as back home in England and we will be back for sure.
I've eaten at practically every Indian restaurant worth its curry in the Albany area. Shalimar, Sitar, Curry House, Gandhi, Aashiana, Taj Mahal, you name it. I have to say that Karavalli is THE best Indian restaurant in the area. The interior of the restaurant is very nice and the staff give great service. What I like about their dishes the most are the little touches they add to give it an awesome flavor. My favorite dish there has to be the chicken biryani. Also, if you check them out be sure to order a mango lassi! Haven't had a dish there yet that I thought could be better.
Everything we had was wonderful. Plenty of food at a good price. The waiters were friendly, and the ambiance was nice too.
I didn't know how good Indian food could be until I ate here.  Great service.  The buffet is awesome.  Tikka is a little on the sweet side but still very tasty. Dosas the size of space ships.
If you're looking for your typical cheap Indian take-out, this is not the place for you.  Focusing on high-quality and authentic Indian cuisine, Karavalli is hands-down the best Indian food you will be able to find in the Capital Region.  For first timers, I would recommend the lunch buffet so you can try a bit of everything.  Plus they have an alcohol license which you don't always see in Indian restaurants.
Pros: * The food is great!   * Dosas   * Bhel poori   * Biryani   * Saag paneer * The restaurant is generally clean with good dinnerware, etc. Cons: * The service is thoroughly inept.    * Expect to ask several times for items.    * And make EXTRA certain they understood you.    * Chances are they'll still get it wrong. As an apparent law of nature, all central Asian restaurants have abysmal service, but this one at least is clean, uses real dishware, and really does serve excellent dinner.
This was on my list of places to check out.  My dining companion and I went with the buffet, as we're not too well versed in Indian cuisine yet and wanted to get a better feel for certain dishes we liked. The staff was friendly (smiling, promptly removing any unwanted dishes, and refilling our waters).  The food was very tasty.  After reading Colleen d.'s review I do agree that some of the dishes I viewed (the lamb saag specifically comes to mind) seemed to have very little meat in them.  My dining partner commented, and I agree, that the naan was okay, but not as good as what we were served at Gandhi Indian Restaurant (on Central Ave in Albany). I honestly forgot to look at the price of the buffet before eating, so when the final total came up I was a bit surprised.  I felt it was a bit expensive, but my companion said it was okay (though I'm not certain if he was just saying so to not make me feel so bad, as he was paying for lunch). Overall, I liked the food and the staff, but I think I'll try around the rest of the area's offerings to size up quality and price before deciding whether to return or not.
The food was far better than other Indian restaurants in the area. We ordered chicken biryani,tandoori chicken and veg biryani. Veg biryani was ok and other dishes were really good. Would definitely visit again and recommend others too.
Best Indian food I have had outside on NJ. Came to Albany for a business trip for 2 weeks and I had dinner here every night. Simply the best service and food.
Excellent, excellent, excellent! Service is wonderful and so friendly, the food is fresh and very tasty and it comes out fresh and hot. Nothing is overspiced to be overdone and it is well seasoned. Everything goes perfectly with a mango milkshake. Highly suggest the lamb madras...if you like coconut and nuts mixed into a cream sauce, it's perfect. It's the right blend of tangy meets spicey. That with some rice and side of naan and a potato samosa to start and you could have a happy stomach!
They offer a plentiful variety of Indian cuisine; leave your comfort zone and try something new there and you won't be disappointed.
Hands down the best Indian dining in the capital District. No one else compares.
The food in Weekend Brunch (Buffet) is tasty, nutritious, and healthy. The service is nice and the place is clean, cozy and quiet.
This place really raises the bar for Indian restaurants in the area.  The food is high quality, served up by a skilled waitstaff, in a dining room that is clean and elegant.  The spicy dishes such as Vindaloo and Phal are legitimately hot while remaining flavorful.  Some of the other menu items including the Calcutta Jewish specials are unique creations I haven't seen before.  Karavalli also has a liquor license, so you can enjoy a beer or a cocktail with your meal.  The prices are on the higher side, but not unreasonable.  A good addition to the local restaurant scene!
The best Indian food in Albany
pretty expensive place for dinner. love thr spiciness
Best Indian food I've had in the area! Great selection of vegetarian options & spiciness levels. The service is always excellent (and your water glass is NEVER empty). The lunch buffet is delicious, but I enjoy dinner here the most.
Let me start off this review with a strong statement.  Karavalli serves the best Indian food in this region.  It isn't even close.  The variety of regional dishes, expertly crafted sauces, and use of high quality ingredients set Karavalli apart from all others.  If you walk in to Karavalli and order the chicken tikka masala and some palak paneer you are cheating yourself.  Not because these dishes aren't great here but because you can get them at any of the other Indian restaurants around here and they will be comparable.  I think any review I have read that did not get what the hype for Karavalli was about came from someone who didn't order the dishes that are truly special; the dishes you CANT get anywhere else, such as malabar addu curry or bagari shrimp.  The depth of flavor and spice combinations in some of these regional dishes just cant be replicated.  While the prices are higher, the portion sizes and quality of food still make Karavalli an outstanding value in my opinion.  This is one place that truly deserves the high marks it has been receiving.  I am glad so many others appreciate it as much as I do.
the best indian food in the US ( I grew up in the SFO bay area , spent time in CT/NY and lived a while in India too ) !!!!
great combination of refined and creative. i did order badly once, definitely go with rogan josh and all their staples!
If you are interested in South Indian cuisine and Sunday Brunch, Karavalli is great!! However their North Indian cusine is so so.
My favorite Indian restaurant. The last time I went I had the Lamb Phall, which was incredible. Spicy, but not just spicy, full of other flavors. My companions all had different dishes and they were all distinctive; I've been to Indian restaurants where everything tasted the same. That was not the case here. Had the Mysore Masala Dosai  as an appetizer, also wonderful.
Karavalli is soooooo much better than most Indian restaurants both in Albany and elsewhere.  Yes, it's a little pricey, but you get a good atmosphere, great food, and dishes that aren't served at other local Indian restaurants.  I have tried all the other Albany area Indian restaurants, and this one is hands down superior.  Plus, they have dosas!  And bhel puri.  The wait staff is friendly but can be unpredictable at times, depending on how busy they are.
Best Indian food my wife or I ever had. Top notch service too!
Me and my boyfriend frequent Karavalli.  It is an excellent place to dine in, but the last few times we have been getting take out.  The portions are amazing, it is very neatly packaged, and they even throw in the chips (that are put out first when you dine in) and a free dessert.  Super yummy.  PS - there is a pool hall next door so it makes for a fun date night, too :)
Bottom line: this is the best Indian food in the Capital Region. However, their service and staff leaves a little to be desired. I have been to Karavalli four times over the course of the past two years. Each time, the experience has been excellent, food has been good, and I have brought home leftovers to enjoy. The last time I went, however, friends and I had shared our dishes and brought back what we couldn't finish. Upon opening the doggie bag the next day, we found that one of the dishes we had barely touched was not packed. I called the restaurant and spoke to someone who nonchalantly told me that they would give us a credit on our next purchase. Unhappy with the outcome, I suggested that they prepare the dish fresh, and I would drive the 40 minutes, round trip, to retrieve it. The manager agreed with some reservation, but seemed alright with the solution. Although common at family run restaurants, we were waited on by a number of different people. They were very busy, as we were there at a peak time. However, we had to go to pretty extreme lengths flag someone down every time we wanted a refill on our water, or wanted to order something else, or when we were waiting for the check. Although the restaurant was packed, it is rather small (~20 tables), and there were at least five different waiters. If every waiter had been assigned a number of tables to take care of, I feel like the service would have been much better. Instead, all five were running around to serve all 20 tables at different times, almost guaranteeing that a portion would be left dissatisfied at a certain point. As a result of them being so overwhelmed, they seemed sloppy and only half put-together. Upon clearing the table, the young man who collected the dishes tried to carry far too much and knocked over several things. It was the same young man who brought our leftovers back to us, and probably neglected to pack the main dish we wanted. Anyhow, I'm not trying to be overly critical. The food is fantastic, hence my four-star review. The atmosphere is lacking (small room in a strip mall, REALLY loud when crowded). If you're looking for something formal and classy, this really isn't the place. But if you're going out for good Indian food, absolutely, you must check it out. And regarding my comments on service, I would suggest visiting on an occasion that isn't so crowded (such as 6:30 on Friday evening, when we went).
As  good as the reviews suggest.  Large portions.  Vegetarian dishes cost $12 and are more than one could eat.
This is hands down the best Indian food I have had in US. Being raised in India and now settled in US, I have tried many Indian/Pakistani restaurants hoping to find one which reminds me of food back home. Most of these restaurants end up having the same taste. This is where Karavalli is different and brings a unique taste to Indian food. The broad theme across the menu is south Indian with a few east-indian (Calcutta) dishes thrown in. The best part is that when they indicate something is spicy; it really is, without losing any of the flavor. The staff is very attentive and know what they are cooking and serving. The ambiance is nothing to talk about but then who cares when the food is do great.  Prices are little bit on the higher side for an Indian restaurant. My personal favorites are Fried Okra and Biryani. Also their kulfi(dessert) is pretty good. If you think you can handle spicy food, I challenge you to try Phaal.
