The wait can be long, but it's well worth it. The raspberry oatmeal pancakes are fantastic! The coffee is wonderful, and the service is consistently very good. My father owns a restaurant and is known for his critiquing abilities--he, too, was very impressed. Sad I moved away because now it's a longer drive. Used to a be a regular spot for me because it was so good. Very reasonable prices, too.
I'll admit, the wait after the fire was a long one. I can recall at least five trips there on the off chance that they had opened, only to have my hopes dashed. But they are back. At first I was a little cool about the changes. I liked much of the new decor, but I had thought at first that the bar only took up precious space. I've since changed my mind.I have yet to go for dinner or drinks, but that hasn't stopped me from having something to start my day off with. The food is still fantastic and combines a sense of whimsy with characteristic flavor that just can't be beat. Be prepared to leave full, because the portions are by no means sparing. Even their toast, which is baked fresh on the premises, is great. This is a regular favorite whenever I have friends or family in town. Yeah, the line can be a little long, but it helps to get there before 10AM on the weekends. I strongly recommend Cafe Madison.
Having heard such great things about Cafe Madison, I was excited to go there for brunch yesterday with some friends.  I ordered one of the specials, a croissant french toast dish that was described as a croissant dipped in a caramel infused batter and then grilled and topped with eggs and a choice of meat.  It sounded delicious.  When it arrived, however, it looked like someone had taken a can of uncooked crescent roll dough from the grocery store and plopped it on the grill.  Only the top and bottom were cooked, the sides and middle were raw dough, and there was no trace of the promised caramel.  It smelled yeasty and bounced back when poked, just like raw dough.  I tried cutting off a piece of it and it retracted into a ball instead of keeping it's shape like cooked bread would have.  My husband ordered the same dish and it was prepared exactly the same way.  We couldn't find Bill, our waiter, for a while, so we stopped another server and tried to explain the issue to her.  She said that was how the dish was supposed to be prepared, which I found completely unbelievable.  No restaurant in their right mind should be serving patrons raw bread dough (raw eggs = salmonella).  Our waiter eventually came over, and the two started arguing with us about the dish.  They insisted nothing was wrong with it, and suggested we didn't like it because it was too buttery (I have no idea how buttery it was or wasn't, as I didn't get that far with the dish).  Finally they agreed to take it back and allowed us to order something else.  I ordered the super breakfast and my husband ordered the basic breakfast.  Then we waited while our friends ate their meals.  At one point our waiter stopped by and said he would be right back with our food because it had been waiting for him to pick it up in the back.  You might think they would try to get us our replacement food quickly, but you would be wrong.  Our second dishes finally arrived half an hour later, and mine was cold.  The homefries were clearly not freshly prepared, and had been sitting around at least long enough to come to room temperature.  The scrambled eggs weren't that warm either, and had an odd acidic taste.  I honestly worried they had spit in my food or worse, since the waitstaff was so argumentative.  The sausage was greasy and cold.  The pancakes were fine, but breadier than I would have liked.  The coffee was actually pretty good, which is about the only nice thing I have to say about the experience.  I was only able to eat a few bites of the second meal before I just gave up.  It all tasted bad, just really, really bad.  The whole ordeal took almost two hours and I left hungry.  I can't imagine I would patronize this establishment again after the way they handled to the situation.
my favorite place to have brunch in Albany, NY.  good solid menu and great new introductions every week.  the carrot pancakes were amazing!   the staff is pretty good.  there is almost always a wait - I wish there were more space.  I have been here more than 10 times and would recommend it to anyone in the area.
O MY WORD... This place was ridiculously good! It was reasonably priced and so the food was so amazing that I almost died! Their Crab Cake Benedict's & Raspberry Oatmeal pancakes were out of this world. If by chance this doesn't interest you, may I recommend another breakfast place in town? It's called Denny's, they are mediocre at best, I hope you choose your breakfast spot responsibly.
By far my favorite sit-down brunch place in Albany.  Great food, equally great service. First, the weekly specials.  There is about a dozen options that rotate in and out of the menu each week.   The themes typically reflect current events / holidays / seasons.  Sometimes quite whimsical: one weekend had a Game of Thrones menu to celebrate the season premiere (John Snow Omelet!) Nothing on the specials tickle your fancy? No problem. The "standard" breakfast selection is pretty extensive.  You have half a dozen different omelets to choose from, waffles, pancakes, etc.  If you have an appetite, i say go for the Super Breakfast.  It's my go-to choice with lots of food for what I pay.
This was a great brunch find. The area is definitely hip unlike most of Albany (sorry if I offend anyone). Free parking is easy to find. Albany PD is right across the street so we took extra care to make sure we read the signs :) Food was great; service was a bit slow but they were soooo busy. I can tell that on weekends they get super crowded which in itself says allot about the establishment. If I am ever in Albany again I would not hesitate to come back.
This has been one of our fav spots for breakfast, we rave to everyone about Cafe Madison but unfortunately,  2 weeks ago we went for our usual Sunday breakfast and had the worst meal. Our food was completely cold, we sent it back and they came back with the same waffle and pancakes..which were now burned from the warm up. Why not just make new ones?  We will be definitely be putting this place on the burner for a while.
Was decent. Goods and bads. I got seated right away, service was good. I ordered the super breakfast which is eggs, choice of meat, home fries, toast and two pancakes. I chose the raspberry oatmeal pancakes. Fairly long wait for the food to arrive though. Although this is all homemade so it's worth the wait I suppose. Good bread they use for toast, thick and homemade for sure. The eggs ordered over easy were way under cooked. I dealt with it but they were very runny. Bacon was thin grocery store bacon that was baked. The home fries were more like a dinner side being awful garlicee for first thing in the morning. I would have preferred regular old hash browns. The raspberry oatmeal pancakes however were outstandingly good. I would go here again if possible and try one of the omelets.
I really enjoy their food. Staff seems a little scattered at times but they mostly do a nice job. It's a bit small so the wait can be long on the weekends. The eggs burrito is one of my favorites there.
Food was great, atmosphere was great and wait staff was excellent. Harder for large groups to be seated but we had a group of nine people. Definitely check out the specials.
I had a late breakfast there with three friends this morning. The place is a bit small with limited seating for parties larger than two people, so we had to wait a while for a table. The problem with that is there is no good place to wait, so you find yourself becoming an obstacle for the busy wait staff. Once seated, breakfast was quite good. I had the Ballpark Frittada, which was excellent. Portion size is generous, and the prices quite reasonable. The service was delivered with pleasantness, which was impressive considering how busy they were on this Monday morning. I was a little leery of some long dust strings lingering over our table from the ceiling. Otherwise, the atmosphere is nice. Overall, it was a good meal for a good price, in a pretty decent location. Give it a try.
Want to have a good American breakfast?? This is the place you should go.... But there is a waiting time during weekends approx 15-20mins..... But it's worth the waiting time I've tried all the pan cakes.... Amazing.... They have a sit out... It's good
Pretty much a total letdown. Hour wait for a table. Rude/tired/frustrated staff and unfriendly/rude/smoking in my face and baby's face patrons. If you are the hostess you don't tell someone who wants a table "ugh well we are SUPER busy so it will be like at least 30-45 minutes" like you wish we would go away. It's a GOOD thing to be busy; look around at all the 'Business Closed' signs and remember what 'not busy' gets you. Flattop grill was broken so they were out of nearly anything on the menu we would order. Didn't find this out till we were seated. FAIL. Forgot to bring forks to the table. Forgot a side of toast. Side of sausage patties was ONE patty. Frittata was a hot mess. Benny was also a hot mess. Oatmeal Raspberry Pancakes, while good, were certainly not 'To DIE for' like other reviewers have mentioned. EDIT: highchair was both dirty and the belt was broken. FIX YOUR BROKEN HIGH CHAIRS. I'm perhaps being particularly harsh because breakfast is our favorite meal and we dine out for dinner almost every night on the road but only once a week for bfast, so this was our one shot and a complete buzzkill.
Very affordable! Food was delicious. Calm and relaxing atmosphere to enjoy your food. Service was great, very attentive.
Breakfast or lunch it is always delicious.  Most recently we thought the service was good but it can be hit or miss.  Expect a 20 - 40 min wait on the weekends and they do not allow you to put your name on the list if you call ahead.  Small bar area for cocktails or memosas. Can't wait to go back and share the experience with friends.  Outside dining is available.
Really tasty! Not the cheapest, but prices are reasonable for how large and delicious the breakfast is.
Big fan of the hash browns. Also had raspberry oatmeal pancakes and they were pretty ggood (not great). My partner had the coffee and said it was OK ("good but unremarkable"). This place has a fun, funky and clean vibe and lots of yummy brunch drinks. It's a little pricey for breakfast, but fair for brunch. It appears to be very popular by the steady flow of people on a weekday mid morning. The service is efficient but brisk in a way that holds the restaurant back from getting a four. Not familiar with the other options in town, but if I lived here I'd happily revisit this place.
Outstanding brunch today! We enjoyed a staple of the restaurant, their raspberry oatmeal pancakes and a special called "doughnuts in the parking lot omelet". Both cooked perfectly. My omelet had fresh roasted red peppers, kale, caramelized onions, fresh ground sausage and homemade marinara. So tasty! The BEST EVER oven roasted potatoes - perfectly seasoned, crispy without being dry. I miss those potatoes... Delicious coffee, the service superb. Even my wheat toast was prepared with care, not your typical store bought bread, ours was thick, lightly toasted and not overly buttered. Only downside was the wait to get in on a Saturday morning, about 25 minutes. However, it was well worth it. I think it may have been my best brunch in my 49 years. There. I said it.  First time visitors, and if we had this place near us, I'd be a regular! Oh, and also appreciate the creative writing skills of the chef - pithy & clever specials names matched by similarly inspired cooking.
Have you ever visited a faraway place, a restaurant or cafe or some other eatery, that left such an impression that you wished you could just lift it off the ground and take it home?  I've only had that experience twice or thrice in my life (that I can remember) and the most recent was last weekend in Albany at Cafe Madison.  Holy wow.  I loved this place. A friend and I made a day trip from CT (me) and MA (her) to visit one of our pals who grew up in the area.  She suggested we come here for brunch insisting that we would really like it.  We arrived around 1pm and had a long 40ish minute wait.  Once we were seated we looked at the long brunch menu and were paralyzed with indecision as everything looked positively amazing. I adore any place that does themed menus that change on the regular.  The day we were here they had a superhero theme.  Awesome!  So many delicious sounding options like the Incredible Hulk Beni, Cat Woman Sweet Crepes, Wolverine's Omelet complete with descriptions had me wanting everything (seriously, everything).   Finally, I decided on Superman Savory Crepes - "The most 'All American' super hero there is . He is actually a great character for kids to idealize he has great social and moral values that you don't see to much anymore . I wouldn't mind having all his powers either that would probably be pretty awesome. A crepe shell stuffed with wild mushrooms , spinach , caramelized onions , and brie cheese . Topped with a light honey drizzle and balsamic reduction." (*their description*) Oh my word.  This was literally the best thing I'd ever eaten for brunch.  The combination sounded great on paper but was to-die-for in person.  The crepe was crispy and light, letting the flavors within really shine, while the honey and balsamic reduction brought it to the next level with a touch of sweet and a hit of acidity.  I am not even kidding a little bit when I say that I wanted to cry when I realized I had forgotten my leftovers of at the restaurant after we left.  I had dreamed up a sweet fantasy of eating what was leftover the next day.   My friends ordered off the regular brunch menu and also loved what they got.  We also got a plate of the baked oatmeal for the table and all of us enjoyed it very much.  The coffee was good.  One of my friends had a coconut mocha that was divine even though it was a touch too sweet for my taste, but so good that after one sip I immediately had to have another. Now I know why this place is so popular.  Totally worth the wait if there is one.  I would definitely return if in the area.
Excellent!  Get the raspberry oatmeal pancakes!   Clean, cute, friendly staff. A must if you are in the area!!
I was seated at the counter after a short wait by a lady with my name! The staff is smiling and very friendly - so far, so good. I ordered the "Basic" breakfast which includes eggs, potato, choice of meat which included "hash", juice, coffee, and toast. I ordered the hash and am interested to see what kind of hash it will be. The place is compact but the ambience is very pleasant. I ordered the "hash" which turned out to be canned corned beef hash. It was acceptable but I was hoping for house made corned beef or roast beef hash. The potatoes were delicious - crispy and with a hint of rosemary. My scrambled eggs were perfectly cooked. What can I say about the homemade Irish Soda Bread Toast? It was delicious and I don't think I've eaten breakfast anywhere where this was offered. The service was quite good and friendly and though it was crowded, and many were waiting to be seated, I did not feel rushed. Just on the area for work, but should I return, I'll keep this place in mind.
If you want am amazing breakfast, this place is worth the morning rush wait. Great omelette - more filling than egg! Breakfast potatoes and selection of homemade breads. Raspberry oatmeal pancakes are to die for. Good selection of herbal teas.
Quiet and quaint location with a great variety on the menu. I had the classic eggs Benedict with Irish bacon and it was delicious. Only problem is I wanted more (despite the fact that I was full).
only been there once. long waiting. Food is just okay. I ordered an omelet but the taste is just okay. Dont feel as fantastic as other reviews. Does not fit my asian taste.
Holy yumness! We stopped in because of the reviews - and they were right! We stopped by on a Sunday around 9, 930am and while there was no wait, there weren't many available seats - so get here early! We ordered the Raspberry and Blueberry Oatmeal Pancakes (an order of 3!), Avocado Omelet w home fries and Cinnamon toast, and French Toast. The pancakes and omelet were AMAZING!!!! The home fries were crispy and fantastic. The French toast was meh, nothing special. There is an order called Mama Mia French toast that is made with PB &J and chocolate, which we are dying to try next! The service was good and attentive without being overbearing. Oh, and unlimited coffee refills!
Oatmeal-raspberry pancakes? Yes, yes, one thousand times yes. The wait time to get a table during brunch hours? Not so much.
I call this place a "vortex of happiness". The food is the best, the waiters are genuinely happy to be there and help and everyone eating there loves it. No, none of the words like "everyone" and "best" are exaggerations. It's all true. The whole place is so cute. There's a lovely patio are to sit on in the warmer months and there's almost a bird's nest feel to upper seating level. I've never been when it hasn't been very busy but I've never had to wait more than 20 minutes or so. I never complain because I know the food in store for me is delish! I've only had the eggs benedict with Irish bacon and avocado. I'm adventurous with my food but this combination is too good for me to not get each time. However, people I've been with have raved about the raspberry oatmeal pancakes, the tofu scrambles and pretty much anything they've ever gotten. The home fries that come along with the main dishes are also so tasty. I've enjoyed their bloody Cesar's and their different kinds of mimosas as well. This place is lacking nothing and has everything!
One of my best friends recommended this place for our brunch date. Neither one of us have been here before, but have heard great reviews by word of mouth and social media. We came in on a Thursday mid-morning, and it was quite busy. It looked like a clean and interesting place, with side booths and some tables both inside and outside. We both decided to try the highly raved raspberry oatmeal pancakes with sides of Irish ham and hash. I think the food is okay, though not quite something I'd go home and rave about. It was an interesting idea to put oatmeal in pancakes; it really made them substantial and hearty. However, I'm a texture person and I like my pancakes light and fluffy. These made me think that I was eating a bowl of oatmeal. I love my oatmeal, but these pancakes were just a tad heavy for me. Plus, they were quite dry--they just kept soaking up the butter and syrup no matter how many times I reapplied! Overall, I give this place a 3. Decor is bright, welcoming, and  well-lit. Seating was tight, even on an early morning. The 3 stars were mostly for bad service. Though the waitresses were friendly, they really took a long time to sit us, take our orders, refill our coffees, and give us our checks. I'd like to try this place again for other foods, and see if my opinion changes.
This review is based on the accommodation...we didn't have the food...unfortunately we couldn't because we were there with a friend in a wheel chair and the restaurant wasn't handicap accessible. The bathroom in particular was on a different floor. We were excited to come here...Albany was a mid point between where we were coming from and where our relatives lived. The food truly looked amazing...but unfortunately the restaurant was just not accessible to our wheel-chair bound friend. We asked if they had any recommendations as they had several other restaurants on the same black. The hostess nicely apologized and explained that they had been "grandfathered" out of the requirement to make the restaurant accessible. Unfortunately this grandfathered us out of eating there. You'd think with the owners being successful enough to own several restaurants in the same block, they could afford to make them accessible to everyone. We had to go somewhere else.
Came here on Sunday for a brunch with my girlfriend and was impressed. The place is not rally that big. There is indoor and some outdoor seating. It is only open until 3 p.m., so there is some waiting time if you don't come here early, but the wait time is not bad, maybe 15 minutes. Once we got seated, our orders were taken right away. I had their raspberry oatmeal pancakes, which were absolutely delicious. The size of their plates are huge, couldn't finish it, so there was enough to take home. Also ordered a round of Bloody Marys, which were done perfectly, not too washed down, not too spicy, and pretty big in size. Overall, a breakfast for 2 and 2 bloody marry's cost about $40. On top of that you get coffee, excellent service, clean premises and delicious food. Will be back here again.
Excellent food and excellent service. Best part is they have a liquor license so you can enjoy a early morning manias or Bloody Mary. Usually a 30 minute wait but we worth it. Hearty portions too!
Haven't been here in a couple of years. Disappointing breakfast. Server didn't know the menu, the food order was wrong, omelet was tasteless, and it took forever to get a check. It'll be likely another couple of years before I bother to return.
Nice buzzy atmosphere with super nice and very helpful wait staff. Had a gorgeous breakfast of oatmeal raspberry pancakes that were to die for, while my partner opted for straight forward eggs that were sunny, along with home fries and bacon. Needless to say, both plates were completely devoured and left 'clean'! Super great coffee, always hot and brimming. Excellent breakfast spot for vegetarians, as well as hearty meat eaters...Breakfast customers are a wide range of diners, from big families to singles sitting alone. *Worth mentioning, on weekends, there may be a wait if you arrive after 9 am. Additionally, parking is not always the best. That said, early birds are sure to catch a super great breakfast here, without so much as a wait. For those late-waking breakfast hounds, a step up to the bar, after adding your name to the wait list will definitely help ease any delay you might otherwise encounter.
We need to get over here more often.  Had our first visit not long ago during brunch;  boyfriend and I ordered our go-tos: french toast for him and eggs benedict for myself.  We were both pleased, but had to eat in a hurry (tattoo appointment). Our server was prompt and polite. Next time will hopefully be savored longer!
Go here all the time. It is really five star I only give it 4 because they are to good for their own good and there is always a wait on weekends. Which isn't there fault. Food is amazing. Service is great. Their bloody Mary's are the best around the area. Best place for breakfast/brunch in the area. I loved here my whole life so I should know.
Excellent atmosphere and food.  Can be a long wait, but worth it.
Came here for breakfast around 10am on a Sunday. We decided to do take-out because one of my friends had to be at work at 11am. We waited to order from the bar for quite a bit - the place was packed so we understood the staff was busy, but we didn't even get a 'be right with you' from the bartender for at least 10 minutes - the hostess noticed and kindly mentioned that she would get the bartender for us. We finally placed our order from a bartender who was very nice. We then waited for probably 50 minutes for our food. We started to get anxious because it was now 11:15, but didn't want to complain because we could see how busy they were. However, the one thing I have to say is that I've worked in the restaurant business for 8 years and as an employee in this situation I probably would've comped something. My friend also noticed that a few customers who ordered after us received their food first which didn't make us too happy. We finally got our food and left. When we sat down to enjoy our food, the containers for butter and ketchup were half-open and had spilled everywhere. I'm sure everyone was in a hurry but more care needs to be taken with prepping to-go orders. Then my friend who CANNOT eat cheese found that her meal has cheese even though she specifically asked that her meal be prepared without cheese! I had ordered the raspberry oatmeal pancakes (which according to other reviews are supposedly delicious) but unfortunately I will never know because mine were not fully cooked - they were raw and doughy :( Had high hopes for this place but sadly were very disappointed.
A great place to get breakfast but make sure you're there early or else...Had a great experience the first time here but recently they've been running out of all of there specials which most people know them by. Possibly new staff too because are most recent stay we waited 50minutes instead of 30minutes which I'm fine with but once seated it took 10 minutes for a glass of orange juice and all of the "themed" specials were gone..disappointed to say the least. Will eat again but annoyed out most recent experience.
Brunch! This place does it right. We stopped by on Easter weekend with three people and only waited about a half hour. The hosts and servers all seemed to be in good moods and eager to greet and seat us. Always appreciated. Now for the food. Somebody at the table must order the raspberry oatmeal pancakes. Must. Like, these things are little cakes that fell from heaven and landed on my plate in Albany. What are the chances? Filled with fresh raspberries and buttermilk soaked oats. Also real maple syrup. Now that we've settled that... We also ordered two specials: the "Hippity Hop Frittata" and the "Funny Bunny Pancakes" Their tea selection was also impressive. I opted for some African-spiced option that the server did not seem to know much about. For some reason his unsureness swayed me to make this selection. With two floors of seating, a patio that I imagine is quite lovely during warmer months, and a bright decor, I was quite impressed. Oh! And if it's a nice day, you might as well take a stroll in Washington Park afterward to work off all that gluttony you just partook in.
The type of place that one is happy to find when pulling off the highway on an extended road trip. A most perfectly executed brunch menu, half creatively themed, half way above average standards. Even the wheat toast is out of this world. That's right - THE FUCKING WHEAT TOAST! Would be a perfect five if they just upgraded their coffee, although perhaps we simply received the weak pot.
What a great meal! We had a little bit of a wait but it was definitely worth it. Great service, fantastic food, beautiful spot. I just wish they were open for dinner too. If you like their Facebook page you can see their weekly swoon-worthy specials. I wanted them all. At once.
Went here for the first time last week because I wanted to find a good brunch spot in Albany. First off, it is very cute inside (also cramped) but a lot of places in Albany are like that. My boyfriend and I got to sit in a loft area which was cool. I got the raspberry oatmeal pancakes which had a really cool seasoning that gave it a little bit of spice and my boyfriend got corned beef and hash which he loved. We ended up getting two mimosas, I got unlimited coffee, two breakfasts, and a side of homefries for $35 so not bad at all! This place had a very cool environment and our server was really friendly even when they were really busy when we went there.
I am the most annoying person on the planet when it comes to breakfast. Just a FYI. I was hesitant about going to Madison cafe because of the fact that (let's say it together) I'm annoying. I loved everything on the menu and the fact that they have cage free eggs. The food was amazing and you could taste the freshness in the homemade bread. We decided to get mimosas to go with our breakfast (when in Rome...) and they were delish! I can't wait for my family to visit so I can bring them here! 5 stars from the most annoying breakfast person, ever!!
I am a lover of breakfast, but mornings and I do not get along. Brunch has become my best friend and Cafe Madison makes a pretty good brunch. I have been here 6-7 times in the past three months and every time the specials are delicious offer variety . I am quite partial to the eggs benedict specials they offer, but I will also partake in the french toast if it seems good that week. I do not suggest a visit if you are starving or unwilling to wait. Most weekends there is at least a 20 minute wait, but if you go during the week you will usually get right in. My main gripe is the inconsistency with the food. There have been mornings where my eggs over easy are perfectly yolky and others where they might as well have been scrambled. It's also often so busy that getting refills can be hit or miss and if there is something missing or wrong with your order you might as well chalk it up as a loss.  What can I say, when it's good it's really good and when it's bad it makes me wish I had just gone to a diner and saved the extra $20.
Good service and coffee. I didnt find the food to be extra ordinary compared to any other breakfast or diner. I ordered eggs benedict (i have had better) & raspberry oatmeal pancakes which were average. I would come again if I need a change and want to enjoy the ambience and service.
This place is the best breakfast place around. Raspberry pancakes, omelets, morning cocktails are all yummy.
++ home fries breakfast all day service inexpensive bacon + cinnamon raisin french toast with maple syrup eggs? (I didn't have them, my mother did, but she seemed to like them) I'm not really sure if we got free coffee, we got offered right away - pretty packed around 11am I think I got crop dusted by one of the waitresses
Whenever my wife and I are celebrating a special occasion or are just feeling like we want some delicious breakfast, we head down to Cafe Madison. My wife loves the mimosas, french toast, and pancakes while I love the corned beef hash, omeletes, and the super breakfast. It's a popular place, so we try to get there early (before 10am on Sundays) to beat the rush. It's honestly worth the wait for us if there is one.
BEST BREAKFAST SPOT IN NEW YORK!! Love this place. I dont care about the wait time or how small the place is. Its the food that im after. AMAZING!!!
This is a good place.  Busy on weekend mornings, but they are efficient and friendly about seating you.  Full breakfast with many options, expansive menu.  Cozy and fun.
Seriously good.  I had the seafood omelette and bloody Mary.  Both were better than any omelette or bloody Mary I've had in Albany.
We found this spot using yelp reviews! We were looking for lunch while visiting the area. We went in at 11:30 on a Monday and there was a wait. In my opinion, if you're waiting at 11:30 it's a good sign. We were seated pretty quickly. We had the black bean quesadilla, veggie hummus wrap and Tuscan crepe. We asked for no sides and shared our entrees. We had a complicated order and they did a great job. As a vegetarian, we often have a limited selection on a menu. They even have tofu scrambles. We thought it was great and will recommend it to our friends in the area.
Overall very good place for brunch, however very small inside and limited seating. We waited 45 mins to get a table on a Saturday morning.  The menu is very unique, it has a lot of variety and has you craving many choices.  They also have homemade breads with a couple of selections.
I came here with my little cousin and we were excited to try it out based on the reviews. We ordered way too much food haha, but it was damn good. The Eggs Benedict we had were on crab cakes. Money! Cookie dough French toast, great dessert. Their oatmeal pancakes are fluffy and yummy too. Carbo overload, I'm going to nap now
I went for dinner to Cafe Madison recently, with low expectations.   At the time, it felt like a 4* review, but that was probably from the exuberance of great company and plenty of wine.  Not to mention the low expectations.  Looking back on the experience with a cooler head, I'm going to give it a very solid 3* mark.  The devil, as they say, is in the details. First detail:  Wine glasses. Cafe Madison has plenty of wines by the glass, and even more by the bottle.  I'm constantly amazed at some of the crap wine "nice" restaurants put on their lists.  The Vintners Reserve Zin bottling from the otherwise great Ravenswood winery comes to mind.  But I'm willing to overlook that.  What I am less willing to overlook, is the thickness of the wine glasses.  If you are going to mark the price of wine way up, at least let me know that the money is being put to good use on quality glassware. Second Detail:  Cheese Selection. One cheese was fantastic and one cheese was mild, but fine.  The Manchego...  the FREAKING Manchego...  the national cheese of Spain... aged sheep milk cheese that is perennially a favorite...  TASTELESS.  Absolutely tasteless.  Like they bought it at BJs or something.  The cheese plate also came with Carr's black pepper water crackers.  Which just so happened to overwhelm the flavor of every single item on the plate.  What were they thinking? Third Detail: Undercooked Gnocchi I ordered the Hangar Steak, rare (expecting medium-rare which indeed was what delivered).  It came atop gorgonzola gnocchi, which were regrettably under-cooked.  The "robust mushroom pan sauce" was robustly salty.  Not inedibly so, but the whole dish was certainly over-seasoned.  Still it was the coarse snap of biting into the gnocchi that really killed it for me.  It's too bad, because I give them serious props for having hangar steak on the menu.  It's a fantastic cut of meat, and you don't see it much around these parts. Fourth Detail: Dessert Presentation. How can you say no to "chocolate pate"?  Next time, it will be much easier.  As far as I can tell, they made chocolate ganache (aka chocolate mixed with cream) and chilled it in a loaf pan.  Then served four thin slices propped up with a mound of whipped cream, and a small sprinkling of fresh berries.  It was a lot of cream.  Not even counting the cream in the chocolate.  But it was the sloppiness of the cutting that really irked me, or maybe it was just the decision to serve the mangled piece of "pate". If it weren't for the gnocchi and the over-seasoning, the hangar steak would have been a relative bargain at $18.  Other entrees are significantly more expensive. Ultimately, my entree was tasty.  And I would go back and give them another try.  Especially if it was a nice evening for sitting out on the patio.  And relaxing with some hangar steak and a bottle of rustic red.
Definitely great comfort breakfast! Frugal with the napkins ... Lol. Some omelettes are tastier than others. But the homemade bread is to die for! Definitely come eat here but don't come if you are in a  hurry, you will wait for a table. Bon apetito !
OMG I love this place. Their breakfast is unbelievable. Haven't gone there for anything else. It gets super busy though and there's usually a wait, so I would say to definitely go at the right time. If you want to go for breakfast, get there EXACTLY when they open, you'll be seated immediately and get your food super fast, and while you leave you'll see the hour-long line waiting to get in. I ONLY go when they're just opening.
What clinched this visit of local Yelpers was the amazing speed at which the servers refilled our coffee. No, seriously. At first, I was like "$2.50 for a cup of coffee? Seriously?" It's kind of steep for a cup of joe at a diner, but the servers are wonderfully attentive at noticing an empty cup and filling it up. Although, they put the coffee mug right on the rim of your glass (cross contamination nightmare), which I sadly noticed at my last cup of coffee. They are good with groups (but this is better for groups of 4 or less), and good at churning out food quickly. A step above typical diner fare. Not too greasy, and they are willing to make adjustments to their menu, and they know their menu well. You can go here as a celiac and get gluten-free eats without worry. I got some eggs with a cheese sauce. It was okay, but I'd skip the cheese sauce next time. It was kind of gritty. It's gluten-free, so I assume a cornstarch base of some sort. I hear there is normally a long wait for seating here. Thankfully I was lucky enough to have some considerate Yelpers go way early to get a table for all 10 of us, so when I came in just a few minutes late, I faced a very short wait.
It had been many years since I had been here, but I always held extremely fond memories of the place and of the raspberry oatmeal pancakes in particular. I knew that they don't take reservations, so I volunteered to show up early for our group of 10 and get on the list.  I was impressed that it only took a half-hour to actually get seated.  That seemed to be about the same for smaller groups as well.  10 is a really large group for that place.  I feel like the ideal group would be 4-6 people. The service was wonderful.  Our large group warranted multiple waitstaff, who started at either end of the table and met in the middle.  They did this for taking our orders, refilling our coffee and bringing our food, and it meant that no one had to wait for too long for anything. I went in knowing that I wanted the (amazing) raspberry oatmeal pancakes, but feeling like it wasn't fair to order the *exact same thing* at every other Lame-Ass Breakfast, so I wound up ordering the pancakes in addition to my standard two eggs - over hard, home fries and toast (they have wonderful breads there, so I went with a house bread over a standard English Muffin, and who would fault me that). It was a lot of food.  Way too much, in fact.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, but the home fries were not fantastic.  They were cut inconsistently and some pieces were way too think and not quite as done as i would have liked.  They weren't cooked to a crisp outer coat and I wound up mostly abandoning them.  I think I'll eschew them on my next trip.  The raspberry pancakes were exquisite as always. What really put them over the edge for me was the exceptional service.  They really know what they're doing.  I never felt intruded upon, I also never felt neglected.  I don't think that any of our group ever wanted for coffee refills, which was really nice. I'll definitely be back, even if it means showing up a half-hour early and connecting to Albany Free Net to get an internet connection to pass the time while I wait.
I love coming here for breakfast on the weekend. They always have a list of specials that is sure to please. They always have a theme going; the theme is more for the names of the entrees than of the ingredients though. There's a pattern to the specials list -- there's always a special eggs Benedict, an omelet, frittata, pancakes, a sweet crepe, a savory crepe, a and stuffed French toast. If one of the specials doesn't satify you, the raspberry oatmeal pancakes are amazing. It's a small restaurant and every time I've been here I've had to wait to be seated. It's ususally only around a 20 minute wait, but that may deter some folks. Just suck it up and stay -- the food is worth it. They bake their own fresh bread and it's delicious. You can purchase a loaf to go, I think for about $6.00. I'd go here every weekend if I could just to try the always-changing breakfast specials.
This place seems well-reviewed relative to Albany standard, so I'll stick to a personal breadcrumb-trail account of our recent lunch. The menu is decent in that it's pub food plus some stabs at New American. There are veggie options, done up in the everything-is-comfort-food style I am coming to expect from the area. The crepes were more sort of like burritos stuffed with grilled veggies and were a bit bland. I had the portobello eggplant sandwich, which had a yummy tangy sauce/spread on it, but was somewhat bizarrely served on buttered grilled bread that must be called what it was: Texas toast. The butter did overwhelm the sandwich. Green salad was a standard salad-in-a-box baby greens mix, which is a step up over the diner iceberg salad but wasn't quite what we expected. They had a butternut squash bisque on special the day I went, which was really fabulous - nice and nutty and while heavy (every bisque I've tried around here has been on the heavy side) was very nicely concocted overall. Coffee was decent. The service was good (passed my coffee refill test). The interior is kind of chummy and intimate, on the quiet side, an old-fashioned pub-bar layout with the bar opposite a single row of small booths and some more tables tucked in a loft in the rear, but it is showing real signs of wear (dirty floors, ripped upholstery on the seats) and the place definitely needs some sprucing up. It's not quite grungy enough and weird to have the character of a loveable dive, so it just feels dirty. We'll give it a friendly four stars for now, given it was a pleasant lunch if not that remarkable, and on the promise of return visits to try out the breakfast(s). Now, on to try Cafe Unger!! Maybe that one will be neater.
You know the service is terrible when you are certain you could walk out without paying and no one would notice. Not that I would ever do that but the thought crossed my mind as we waited an inordinate amount of time to get our check on Sunday. For brunch I got the cajun grilled chicken sandwich. It was neither cajun nor grilled. It was a a tiny chicken breast sprinkled with paprika. FAIL. Portions were skimpy, service was bad, vibe was lazy, interior was dark and drab, the food was completely uninspired. Not really sure what the rave reviews about this place are all about. Come to Boston people, we will brunch you right.
Nope.  Sorry Cafe Madison. It's a real shame when both the service and the food betrays you in such a lovely restaurant.  The ambiance, dark with whimsical accents, suggested to me that the place was run by folks who were serious about good food served well.  And perhaps Cafe Madison is so run, but they really fouled things up when I stopped by. The attention by the waitstaff was so sporadic and jumbled that I am still not sure who was my actual server.  I wish someone would've stepped up with a little more authority, since I waited about fifteen minutes to place and order and about twenty minutes for the check. Between the periods of waiting was a brief few minutes during which I ate a skimpy and furnace-dry frittata, served up with unbuttered wheat bread.  I hate it when my stomach is filled with profound disappointment instead of hearty and nourishing brunch, so I certainly hated that frittata. The other Yelpers love this place, so either the good people of Albany are far more forgiving than I am, or I just came on one of their worst days.  In either case, I'm not coming back.
I had some friends in from out of town and we wanted somewhere for breakfast that had local appeal and was close enough we could get back home before the next set of guests were expected to arrive. Someone mentioned IHOP and I knew they were not getting the point and I needed to intervene. I have known about Cafe Madison for a long time. Walked passed it all the time when I was a regular at Mahar's. I had friends who lived in the apartment upstairs for quite some time too. And in all that time I had never stepped in the door. I decided now was the time to change that and see what they had to offer. When we arrived the gentleman who greeted us was concerned about seating. One of my guests was 6'6" and has been described as "midwest big". We were told the booths were likely to be a problem. After allowing him to try one out anyway, it was pretty clear it was not going to be pleasant. It is hard to fault a restaurant for this scenario and I was pretty entertained by having new material to bust my friend's chops with all weekend long. I asked about the outdoor seating and everyone agreed it was probably a better alternative. The weather was nearly perfect and it was early enough that traffic did not drown out our conversation so it ended up working out well. I saw Eggs Benedict on the menu and it is my standard for judging breakfast dining. I apparently did not read the description of the meal because I was surprised at how different it was from traditional fare. Tomato and spinach definitely caught me off guard, but in looking back it was indeed on the menu so I can only blame myself. The meal was definitely good, but not traditional. My wife had the Bayou omelet and was very pleased with it. With a little hot sauce it was probably the best omelet I have tasted in a long time. She was really impressed with the waitstaff's knowledge of gluten free options on the menu. While the menu itself is not labeled the staff really knew what they were talking about and made it comfortable for my wife to select something she would not regret. Our friends had the Madison burger and the salmon burger, both of which were enjoyed but were not something they were raving about. Overall we had a very nice experience and I am glad I finally walked inside after so many years.
A reliably cute place for an great cup of coffee and a tasty breakfast. When one visits upstate New York from San Francisco, one usually steels oneself for a week of culinary simplification; wings in place of duck confit in a mango reduction, pizza instead of Ethiopian takeout, hash browns instead of tofu scramble.  But at Madison's End, there is some snazzed up pancake fusion, some vegetarian options (!), and some cute yet elevated decor. Screw you, snob! Albany rules!!!
Its tough for me to review Cafe Madison. On one hand, I really really wanted to give this place 4 star, maybe even 4.5 because of the prompt seating, hugely delicious food, and large menu. I loved my SUPER breakfast with two overeasy eggs, corned hash (perfect), wheat toast (homemade and fluffy, not your depressed sliced bread), hash browns (perfect), and two chocolate chip pancakes (perfect blend of chocolate sweetness with smooth salty butter and oh-so-sweet syrup). On the other hand, the service sucked. Seriously, I think it might have been an aberration, but a) we we're seated in the corner of the mini "upstairs" area, where we were neglected for a juice/coffee order until about 10 mins after we sat, of which as we ordered the drinks we told our server we were ready to order and he said "hold on im not ready", then didn't actually even bring out my juice until the food arrived. And let me tell you, it was a good 20 minutes + before our food arrived. Sure, the server kept apologizing that the kitchen was taking so long, but seriously, we watched as two couples sat down, ordered burgers, ate, and paid before we even got to taste our food. And you know what? No complimentary anything for our wait as our stomachs ate themselves. Seriously, I think we spent about 1.5 hours in the place, of which about 25 minutes was actual eating. Now don't get me wrong, yelp is really about the food. So to be honest, the food is a 4-4.5 star place. Its really damn good. Just pray you get better service and a less brash server (who never even asked how the food was). Oh yeah, and I think the pricing was a littttle too high. About $28 for two people for brunch.
I will be generous and give four stars. The food is definitely pretty good. However, they really need to improve how they serve their customers. No reservations? Seriously? An hour wait? Seriously? We put our names in prepared to wait for an hour and went for a little 25 minute walk. When we got back, we discover they have already called our name. Seriously? We then had to wait another 35 minutes for a table. The raspberry oatmeal pancakes are pretty damn tasty. Not sure they are worth waiting an hour for, but they are damn tasty. My mushroom omlette was decent. It could have used more mushrooms and more cheese. The coffee was fine and the service was okay. I would love to come back here for the food (especially those raspberry oatmeal pancakes), but I think I'd look into other locations in the area because the wait is just ridiculous. It's also obnoxious that they apparently have no real sense of the wait, because had we not gone for a walk, we could have been seated in 25 minutes when they had quoted us an hour. They accept Discover card.
Just, well, OK....  I wasn't impressed.  Had the Huge Breakfast with the raspberry oatmeal pancakes.  House potatoes came out STONE COLD.... got replacements and they were overcooked and too crunchy.  Pancakes weren't that great either.  All in all, an unimpressive breakfast.  Was hoping for more, but was disappointed.
I would definitely be back to try more if I am visiting my bf again... I found this place on yelp and decided that it was too romantic to not visit...and it did look like it from the outside!! I only wonder what it would look like at night! The menu had a huge selection of very savory and delicious sounding breakfast! I wasn't paying too much attention to lunch though but I think you could see the menu on their website. The service was a bit slow and not responsive but we were there right before they were about to close for the afternoon and i'm sure the last thing they wanted was one more customer before they could get off (i posted their hours in the photo section so be sure to check that before goin) I got the raspberry oatmeal pancakes...and holy beans...this really hit the spot...AND I DONT EVEN LIKE RASPBERRIES! (i couldnt even figure out how to spell it without this handy right-click thesaurus option) It also got me on a quest to figure out how to make oatmeal pancakes! Just the two pancakes are VERY filling though...so do share with someone or let this be the only thing you order! very well worth it if you like sweet stuff =] the boo got...i believe a southwestern-ish...savory crepe that came with curly fries and cole slaw. I dont know why but the light cole slaw was delicious. I finished the whole thing since my bf doesnt like his veggies. the flavor of the crepe filling (black beans/corn/some kind of sausage/onions?--see photo) was very well blended and was surely savory. The curly fries had a good crisp to them and i can't comment too much on that though since i'm not a big fan of fries. If it's a nice day outside but still chilly, bring a sweater and opt for outdoor seating! it's very cute and picturesque =] four stars for a wonderful experience but i want to try more before giving them the full five stars! more the reason to be back =]
The only reason Cafe Madison doesn't get 5 stars is because of the long wait.  I've never been here and not had to wait at least 20 min. However, once you get seated, the food is amazing.  The oatmeal raspberry pancakes are delicious and the homemade bread is amazing. I like a good old fashioned breakfast so I always get the scrambled eggs breakfast with home fries, toast, bacon.  I've gotten the regular pancakes and the oatmeal raspberry and both are great.  The scrambled eggs are fluffy and cooked perfectly.   Would definitely recommend but be warned -- you most likely will have to wait.
I've been to Cafe Madison for brunch and dinner.  For brunch I had the Bayou Omelette which was okay, but not spectacular.  It was the raspberry oatmeal pancakes that I sampled from my boyfriend's plate that knocked me over the edge.   The bread was also pretty good.  Obviously not enough to give it 4 stars, HOWEVER...then I went there for dinner. Dinner was a whole nother ball game.  Excellent service, excellent food, overall great experience.    We started with the cheese board, which was very enjoyable (a bit pricey).  I had the French Kiss (they cooked the filet minon perfectly - they heard me when I asked for my steak as rare as it gets).   They did not mention that french fries would come with the filet...I would have chosen something else.  But the accompanying vegetables were prepared extremely well.   It could have just been that it was the end of the night and the restraunt was empty, but the service was really great.  I'd give Cafe Madison a 4.5 if possible, but I do have to take into consideration that my brunch was not spectacular.
I'm with Daniel B on this one.  The food is creative and well thought out, but the service is terrible.  (I wonder if we had the same server?) The busboy was more attentive than our server, who ran around like a headless chicken trying to look busy.  She didn't refill our coffee, and after giving us our food, she didn't check on us.  And she only had one other table!  We had to ask the busboy for ketchup and syrup.   This place could potentially be a 4.5, but I am also taking off for inconsistency.  The first time I went, the potatoes were so salty I could hardly feel my tongue after 2 bites.  I hope it was an oversight, because I would hate to think that the chef tasted that and sent it out anyway.
Breakfast - This is one of the best breakfast spots in Albany (if not THE best). They always have some inventive seasonal specials. One of the best specials I ever had was the sweet potato crepes. The crepes were light and fluffy and filled with chocolaty & nutty decadence. They also always have some twist on traditional eggs benedict and stuffed french toast. Lunch - I've only been here a couple of times for lunch and always get the Delaware (crab cake) sandwich. It's just really tasty, lots of crab meat, and only $8. The restaurant itself is adorable, the bathroom is probably the nicest bathroom I've ever been in, and the waitstaff is always friendly and talkative.
Cafe Madison is good if you want to have a quick breakfast.  It's not entirely memorable, but it is so far away from the decay of downtown Albany that it almost seems like it is in another city altogether. I can definitely see this restaurant on bright sunny day with lots of costumers chatting away in the outside seating area.  The area is not that big mind you, but it does seem like a pleasant place to eat, sit, and people watch.  But then again this area doesn't see that much foot traffic.  The city of Albany has foiled my nice ideas again! The food is alright.  They make a decent eggs benedict and omelet.  Those two thing aren't too hard to make.  Biscuit, some greens, and a poached egg with hollandaise sauce.  Voila!  Eggs benedict.  Come here if you are in Albany, but don't dawdle.  Nothing to dawdle over.
The service was great.  The food was a solid 3 star, but the service was pretty darn good for such a large group so they get the bump.  A group of 10 CRAC Yelpers went to brunch here for a Sunday brunch.  While they don't take reservations they did get our large group on a waiting list.  We were hoping to sit down at 11am and the entourage was seated around 11:15...not too shabby!  If any one knows anything about this place, you can wait for almost an hour for a two top to open up for brunch, so I was impressed with the quick seating for 10.   The coffee was flowing.  Not the greatest coffee, but give me enough of even just "ok" coffee and I'm a happy camper.  The 2 waitresses that were handing our table came over at least on 5 separate occasions to refill coffee!  XOXOXOXOXOXOXO I had the hash breakfast with eggs over-easy and no cheese sauce.  I do not believe that the hash was homemade, but ya know what, hash is delicious even when it comes from a can.  The eggs were perfect.  The only thing that were "take or leave" were the home fries; the potatoes were inconsistent in thickness so some were crispy and done and others were a little on the underdone side.  The spice on the potatoes was good but could have used just a little salt.   It appears that Cafe Madison is back on the no-dinner model.
On weekdays when you just need to get out of the office, the first place to always get my vote for a quick jaunt is Cafe Madison. Although I prefer their weekend brunch, I just don't get to it as often, so I'm a frequent flyer for lunch dates. Either way, the menu offers some interesting choices.  From tasty salads to different crepes, I'm always getting something delicious.  Not to mention, at Cafe Madison, breakfast is still on the menu at lunch time.  And with their raspberry oatmeal pancakes and delicious home made breads, what more could you want? On the weekends they have different specials- and there is always at least a few that leave you hemming and hawing over what to do becuase they look so amazing.  The downside of the weekends is that the last few times I've tried to make a reservation I was told they don't take them on the weekends, and it gets crowded so you have to wait. Additionally, I've been there for dinner once.  While I had a poached peach and pear salad that could leave any fruit lover's mouth watering, there weren't too many options for the veggie crowd, and the prices seemed a little high for what we got.   Finally, I would recommend staying away from the veggie burger.  Years ago their veggie burger was a serious, kick @$$ burger.  Now it tastes like a frozen, pre-made patty.  When considering the other choices available, the veggie burger is just not worth it. Other than that, yummy food, friendly service, and agreeable to serving "meat" meals without the meat.   Oh, and the Champagne Dream (pomegranate mimosa) is wonderful!
Best breakfast food ever, and the mimosas are delicious! Try the corned beef hash plate.
Warning: no reservations for weekend brunch, 40-60minute wait. Tried the seasonal special catchingly named The GREAT Pumpkin Stuffed French Toast. What it ended up being was thigh-high bread with a little bit of spread between the slices. A little disappointing given the creative name and mouth-watering description. A plus on the service- bussers and waitresses were timed in/out perfectly without rushing us or intruding. The narrow interior is perfectly decorated and maximizes the seats. Great for groups up to 4. Think I need to go back for their classics (red raspberry oatmeal pancakes and omelets) and brunch cocktails (wow is there an endless list!).
I went here with my girlfriend and her parents for brunch on a recent Sunday morning.  We expected a wait, but it wasn't bad, about 20 minutes. Once inside we were seated, and ordered coffee/juice/etc.  The tables were a little close together.  Nothing too serious, especially for brunch.  But for dinner, I would have liked more space.  The menu was pretty solid all around, with some interesting specials.  I opted for the Mediterranean omelet.  A real nice feature was that they made it with egg-whites at no extra cost.  My girlfriend and her mom both had the raspberry pancakes, and her dad go the seafood Florentine omelet. The service was fast.  My omelet was good, but not great.  For starters, I felt like there wasn't enough egg in it.  It wasn't necessarily falling apart, but there could have been more holding it together.  The wheat toast that I got did taste fresh.  I tried my girlfriends pancakes.  These were on the money.  If we go back, I'm definitely getting them.
Conveniently located near the Amtrak/Megabus station, Cafe Madison is a go-to breakfast spot. I came here on a Friday morning to celebrate a special birthday. I did my yelp research and found this. Apparently, I did not do enough research because I did not know what the go-to dish was. If you want to know, Yelpers highly recommend the raspberry oatmeal pancakes. As my friend scurried to the bathroom, I kindly asked our server to bring out something special for his birthday after we finished our meals. I was afraid he would not remember. (+1 star for remembering) We ordered the eggs benedict and three raspberry oatmeal pancakes. I personally liked the eggs benedict more than the pancakes. The pancakes were good but not as stellar as yelped. Two were enough for me. Later, I see in the distance, a brownie with a lit candle on top. It was time for the birthday boy to blow out the candle and make a wish. We were much too full so we packed one pancake and a half finished brownie for later.
Coffee and food was delicious! I love homemade bread. Try their homemade cinnamon swirl bread! WOW! They have very good breakfast menu.
Best omelette ever. The ingredients were fresh and fun (I made my own). They had such whimsical menu offerings for Father's Day brunch, such as Daddy O Cakes (pancakes with coffee and pecans!) and  the Godfather Omelette. Prices were in the $8 to $15 range, and the bacon was perfectly crisp and tasty. My husband thinks the homefries (morning potatoes) were the best he's ever had. I saw pieces of rosemary here and there sprinkled among them. You'll most likely encounter a wait, but the food is worth it. The place is small with a few tables out front. We got there at 8:45am on a Sunday and waited 35 minutes. We waited with other various hungry folks on the sidewalks outside. Great setting on a tree-lined street near The College of St. Rose.
I went here for brunch around 1 the other day when a friend was in town. Our food was absolutely delicious and for once, there was no wait. I had an omelet that came with fresh chopped herbs, parmesan, tomatoes, basil, pine nuts and zucchini. It was really quite good, and large too. Scott had the farmhouse omelet, which was hearty and tasty. Dan stuck with his favorite, the corned beef hash breakfast. We sat outside and it was very pleasant. The woman next to us was even allowed to bring her corgi with her, with made me happy to see. Our service was great too, but I have to disclose that the waitress was a good friend of ours, so that probably makes me a little biased.
Delicious! After hearing three magical words: "raspberry oatmeal pancakes", I'd been hankering to visit this place for breakfast for a while. I brought my husband and father in law along, with the strict instructions that at least one of us had to try it. Between us we had the R-O pancakes, fried oatmeal (yes, fried!), homemade cinnamon raisin toast (all their bread is homemade), eggs & sausages, and a wonderful crepe special that was full of fruit and came with creme fraiche or a chocolate sauce (I got both!). Everything was wonderful, and the maple syrup was real, which is definitely on my must-have list. Service was pleasant and efficient, and we were lucky to get a table quickly but I imagine this is not often the case as they don't take reservations. At 10:30 the place was packed with people waiting out the door. They get a star removed for their coffee and condiments. Their coffee is pretty meh, and I'm disappointed that such a quality place didn't have raw sugar. They also had the standard little jam packets that are really 99% high fructose corn syrup - I think this place would benefit from having real fruit preserves with their toast. All in all though, I am excited to go back for a Sunday brunch since the food really is fantastic. I think I enjoyed them even more than New World Bistro's brunch, which I did not expect. And the raspberry oatmeal pancakes *are* magical.
The raspberry oatmeal pancakes are to die for!! The french toast is also very good. Apparently the NY Giants frequent here (during training at UAlbany) and the raspberry pancakes are a hit with them!   Tip: Sunday brunch gets crowded; if you don't want to wait get a seat at the bar.
Enjoyed this little cafe! It had a nice atmosphere, though the wait was about 45 minutes at noon on a Sunday, it was well worth the wait. The food was great, we split raspberry oatmeal pancakes and each had a brunch item of our own. I had the corn beef hash and it was easily the best I've ever had. Also had a cran-spice mimosa - also amazing. I'd recommend this place to just about anyone looking for a nice weekend brunch spot. Couldn't have been a better place to wrap up a nice weekend in Albany.
Wife and I had breakfast here yesterday, she found it on Yelp. And boy are we glad she did. Just a nice, fantastic little spot for breakfast. It's a little out of our way, since we live near Malta but well worth the trip. We'll definitely make a return trip.
If only this place was a little bigger and the wait not so long, I'd give it five stars. Unfortunately, too many people know how good it is and we had to wait 40 minutes for brunch. Service was very good and the food was great and a ton for not that much $$$. I want to go back and try the raspberry oatmeal pancakes!
Uh Huh! This my Sh*T. All the girls chomp your teeth like this! The food here is slamming. :-D And it's even more slamming when you're ballin' on a budget. :-| No, but seriously. ::puts glasses on:: The fact that I can have huge yummy portions on my plate and still pay under 30 bucks for two people is just...what's the word...DOPE! I usually order the seafood Florentine omelet (a damn good omelet), walnut pancakes, sausages, and a hot chocolate. Service is what you should expect at a restaurant. Great. I go here every other Saturday with my homie. Ha! "Saturdays with my homie." 'Nuff said.
I had heard a lot about this place and wanted to try it for brunch. Loved the atmosphere and the food was good not great. I had read raves about the Oatmeal Berry Pancakes which I really did not care for. I think next time I would get them without the berries. Still, I liked the atmosphere and friendly waitstaff so much I would like to return.
Stopped in for breakfast on the way to Montreal. Got the oatmeal raspberry pancakes, definitely interesting. My mom's Tuscan frittata was amazing, she added feta. My dad ordered pancakes with apples and walnuts which were also great. Coffee could have been a bit more fresh and getting seated took a while but the food more than made up for it.
Went here for breakfast for the first time this morning and ordered and egg white California (I'm from Cali, so how could I pass that up) omelette with Irish bacon. The food was unbelievably good. Probably one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. The potatoes had rosemary in them!! The service was perfect, and the ambiance of the restaurant was great! I'm definitely coming here again.
I call this place Cafe Shiznit because it is.  I have found nothing better for breakfast.   Nothing.  Nowhere. The service can be a tad lacking at times (usually because they are CROWDED) but the food is fabulous.  No place does breakfast like this place.  On weekends you best get your arse there early to avoid hanging out on the sidewalk.  I highly recommend the rasberry oatmeal pancakes, corned beef and hash, and seafood florentine omelets but there are a number of other fantastic things available and the brunch menu changes every weekend.  Any friends I have had occasion to drag along for breakfast are now fans as well.  Of course this just makes it all the more crowded.  Damn me!!! @KimK another Boston snob to tell us how wonderful your food is.  I've been and I am equally stumped about Boston as you are about Cafe Madison.
Came with a friend for a late Monday breakfast. It was a holiday so many people probably had the day off and it was busy! We arrived around 12:30 and waited for ~15 minutes. We were seated in a big booth upstairs in the back corner of the restaurant. The inside of the restaurant is adorable! Everything is jammed in pretty tight but I love the decor. We both ordered some teas and then got to ordering. I got the super breakfast! It was certainly a feast. 2 eggs (over easy), toast (wheat), homefries, choice of ham/sausage/hash/bacon (I went with the sausage- very yum). Then it comes with 2 buttermilk pancakes. I decided to upgrade to their raspberry oatmeal pancakes. The eggs were cooked perfectly, the homefries were delightful and the sausage patty was tasty. The toast was even nice. The pancakes were so tasty! I wish I had eaten them first because they would have been warm but the raspberries were delightfully tangy. My dining companion got the french toast which she also really enjoyed. Service was friendly and quick & no one seemed annoyed that my friend and I stayed to chat for a while.  Just be sure to get here early to get on the list!
fantastic brunch - I had an egg white omelet with great home fries, one of my friends had the stuffed French toast, another the oatmeal raspberry pancakes, and the last some kind of baked egg dish - good enough that I went back the next day for the cinnamon roll pancakes!
I really want to give Cafe Madison 3.5 stars but I'll stick to 3 because I don't think it's quite up to 4 stars.  Almost every time I come here there is a wait, because it really is one of the better reasonably priced breakfast options in the area.  I'd much rather go to Cafe Madison than a diner.  It's cute inside with more tables than you'd think.  It can be kind of cramped, but not too awful.   I typically order an omelet every time I come here.  I really appreciate how they will substitute egg whites without an additional charge.  This is awesome as most places tack on an extra $1.50 +.  All the omelets I have gotten have been pretty good.  Their bread is good too and fresh.  I don't really like their home fries though.  They are typically too greasy and inconsistent.  They are usually too undercooked even when I ask for them well done.  And the pieces are sometimes too big.  Kind of bland too.   I'm not a big pancake person, but the pancakes really are delicious.  I've tried a few bites of dining partners before and I think this is their specialty.   The service has been pretty spotty most times I've been here.  Sometimes it's good but the past few times I feel like we've been forgotten about.  I had an empty water glass my entire meal and it was never refilled.  Nobody ever came to check on our meal either.  It could use improving upon. Prices are fair I think.   Overall a good option for breakfast in the Albany area.
I am soo in love with this restaurant and the food.  I've been coming here for years.  Every time I am in town, me and my friends make sure that we get Madison's End right before heading back home to the city.   I recently had breakfast this past Monday on Labor Day and I was really surprised at the decor of the restaurant.  The last time I was here, it was pre-fire and pre-renovation where there was no bar and no upstairs dining.  And I remember that there was a handful of waiters/waitresses on staff.  More Staff, Looks fuller and better decorated but still great food.   Their brunch menu is delicious.  I usually get the Cream filled French Toast.  My boyfriend got the lemon poppy seed pancakes which was interesting to eat.  defly recommend stopping by this restuarant for Brunch.
Figured I would try this place for dinner, since I've been here quite a few times for breakfast/brunch and always leave satisfied, even if my wallet is a little more empty than if I went somewhere else.  I guess sometimes you have to pay a little extra for some creativity and good food. Dinner was excellent, their menu is Italian/Mediterranean inspired and has quite a bit to choose from.  We started with a trio appetizer that included a crab cake, eggplant, and the bruschetta of the day.  A good start, not too filling so we had plenty of room for the main course. My wife had a pasta and chicken dish with vegetables and pancetta in a tomato cream sauce.  The sauce lacked the creaminess that was mentioned on the menu, she still liked it, but I think she was expecting a little something different.  I had the short ribs, really tender and delicious.  The presentation was over the top with what they called papas espanol (basically fresh out of the fryer potato chips) covering the plate, the presentation definitely caught my wife's attention and a least one or two of the guys sitting at the bar. For dessert we shared tiramisu and had a couple coffees. The service was nice, there when you needed them but not overbearing and let us enjoy our meal in peace, which I really enjoyed. I would say the prices may be a little on the high side, but comparable to other Albany spots that offer a nice dinner out.
Yet again yelp reviews did not disappoint me.  Rasberry  oatmeal pancakes are to die for. I was little skeptical to go for 2 or 3 pancakes, I ordered 2 first but as soon I had the first bite I called my waitress and asked for one more. I suggest to sit outside or at the bar side. I had to try their french toast soon and will update my review. They have few items in the menu and for a decent price. Bottom line: If you are in Albany go try their oatmeal pancakes and bet ya won't be disappointed.
This is a solid restaurant in Albany. I really like The Pointe so I was excited to give this place a try (owned by the same group). We went for breakfast and the offerings were extensive. I was dissapointed by my meal because it clearly stated that it had pesto on it and there was no pesto (or any seasonings) at all on it. Another diner in my group had the same problem with his sandwich (no pesto). We were in a hurry, otherwise I probably would have sent mine back - crepes with just veggies and chicken are not very interesting at all. Everyone else at my table had excellent experiences and enjoyed their meals though. I will definitely come back for a second try of this place next time I'm in town.
Place was ok, but nothing great. A little too trendy hipster wanna be for me..
This is a popular restaurant in Albany. The food is okay and slow service...
My husband and I live about four blocks from Cafe Madison, but hadn't tried it for dinner since they remodeled and changed the name from Madison End. With my mother watching our 1 month old baby, we decided to give it a try since it was so close. We started with the calamari. It was tender, but quite oily. It was served with a strange tomato-basil concoction completely covering the top of the calamari. It was vaguely ratatouille in texture, and somewhere between cold and room temperature. It had a good flavor, but would have been better if the basil and tomatoes had been chopped first, then served on the side. We had to move a giant pile of this stuff off of the calamari before eating. For for our entrees, I had the cassoulet with a side of fried string beans (more on these later) and my husband had the strip steak. My husband ordered his steak medium rare, and it came medium rare. The meat was tender and the cut was well marbled without being too fatty. The sauce it was served with was nicely sweet, tangy, and well balanced. He reported that it was expertly prepared and delicious. The presentation, however, was a bit ... odd. Served with "pommes frites" and vegetables, the sparse offering of grilled veggies was positioned next to the steak, and then the whole plate was covered in herbed french fries. The frites were a nice accompaniment to the steak, and when they soaked up some of the sauce were positively delicious. I'm puzzled, however, by the need of the chef to hide her dishes under mounds of tertiary ingredients. My cassoulet was tasty and well prepared, with one exception. There was a chicken leg dropped atop the casserole that was overcooked and entirely too greasy on the bottom. It appeared that a batch of these chicken legs (I should mentioned that the top half of the chicken leg was well seasoned with crisp skin and quite good) had been cooked in some other container, then perhaps left in a warming oven to be dropped on top of the cassoulet as a strange meat-garnish. So ... the beans. When I ordered "fried green beans" my husband and I joked that maybe they would show up breaded and deep fried. My husband said, "well, they'll probably be sauteed or something ... pan fried. Who knows, maybe it''l be string bean tempura or something." Or something, indeed. It was, as dreaded, deep fried, breaded, green beans. I don't know what else to say other than: avoid this. The service was acceptable. The food came out somewhat more slowly than we would have liked, but our sense of time may have been somewhat skewed since we were new parents out for dinner alone for the first time sans baby. The only unfortunate service event was the bartender, who filled our water glasses quite obviously not 30 seconds after a harried smoke-break outside. Seriously ... go outside and have a smoke, but pop a mint or hit some binaca or something before leaning over the tables. My husband used to smoke, and he says, "Yeah, even smokers hate that smell." Overall, it was a good dinner at a reasonable price. Beers, dinner, appetizer, and an after dinner liquor with tax and tip came to $97. Given the prime location to our house, we'll go back for some future no-baby evenings.
The service was excellent, the menu had a lot of interesting items (fried oatmeal?!), and the food was delicious.  This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. The monster portions of the Super Breakfast were way more than I could eat.  The raspberry oatmeal pancakes were delicious, and everything on the table was picture-perfect. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in the area!
Fantastic Food and a genuinely helpful, friendly staff add up to a great spot for breakfast or lunch (I've never been there for dinner - - yet)!  I checked out the reviews on YELP and yes they're right.  The food is prepared with attention to getting it right.  The menu has the usual choices for breakfast but do yourself a favor.  Order off the weekend only menu - when they kick up their selections and the choices get harder but the food gets tastier!  Go early (they open at 7AM) and get a good seat either outside for the fresh air or inside where it's cozy.  Why settle for the ordinary when you have an extraordinary choice like Cafe Madison?
Who doesn't love this restaurant? Great food. Service is always incredibly friendly and fairly expeditious. Prices are great. Love love love the mimosa's. Cherry Mimosa is my favorite but any of them will do. Negatives:limited seating=longer wait times. I think it's worth it as long as you have a leisurely day planned for yourself. I enjoy the outside seating when the weather is nicer.
The food here is excellent. You may have to wait awhile for a seat if you get there after 9 or so, as that is way before any of the hung over college kids wake up, but it is so worth it. We had 5 in our party, which made it a little cramped,as the place is small.  The table had raspberry oatmeal pancakes, 2 super breakfasts, steak and eggs and the blueberry brie crepes.  I had the pancakes which were awesome.  Everyone else was raving, except for the friend with the crepes.  They filling was lacking and it was supposed to have brie inside, but it didn't seem like there was any in one of the crepes.  Also, a friend got a beer that was not in the slightest bit cold. Overall I would say it was really good and the service was nothing to complain about.  Only reason I gave it four stars were because of the beer and crepe debacle.
Finally made our way here! We totally loved the place, the service and the food. We ordered the eggs Benedict with avocado and Irish bacon and cheasapeck beni. It was just amazing, definitely going to come back for more. Thanks to Bill- he made this meal extra special!
This is by far the best brunch place in Albany. The raspberry oatmeal pancakes are a must! Great service but you have to get here early as the wait tends to be long.
My fiancé and I tried this cafe for the mimosas Saturday morning. It was so busy and we only had to wait a few minutes. We were in the way of the servers and they moved quickly around us with no problem. The hostess or main waitress was so sweet, she talked to us here and there while we waited for our table. I loved her. We were seated and had the best Apple Pie Mimosas! And an O'Brien Omelette! Every server who passed us checked on us! Like 4 or 5 different people refilling coffee or clearing plates or just checking to see if we were ok. I absolutely was overjoyed with my first experience. We will be back for sure!
Just had brunch at this place  the food looks great but is ok ... Had the 4 cheese omelet which was excellent ... Def 4 and Half stars. The pancake both regular and blueberry were bad ... The black and white crepes bad ... The fresh baked bread which sounded really good  was half burnt by the chef ..( bad toast). The overall atmosphere was great and the staff also wonderful. That's the reason why the high rating. Jeannine who tended to us  was excellent.. i would try it again if i were in the neighborhood
Superb breakfast and lunch/brunch food. Over the last year or so I have frequented the place several times. The basic breakfast is great, get the walnut whole wheat toast. Also their home fries are perfectly seasoned and crisp, and the Cobb salad was the best I have had. It usually takes 20-30 minutes before you are seated and they do not take reservations, BUT it is sooo well worth the wait!
Went for dinner - very good. Service decent; fixed price 3-course Sun-Tues for $20! Everything tasted good. Nice atmosphere - decent bar.
"Easy Math" by Josh K. 2 large, delicious Raspberry Oatmeal Pancakes + 2 Eggs cooked perfectly Over Easy + 2 slices of toasted homemade Dill Onion Bread + canned Corned Beef Hash + homemade plump Home fries + real Maple Syrup + Whipped Butter + Frank's Red Hot + unlimited cups of Coffee + tall glass of Cranberry Juice = Super Breakfast (12.99) + Friendly and Attentive Service + Spicy Bloody Mary + Strong Mimosas + respectable Tap of (mostly) Craft Beer = A Happy Friday Pre-Xmas Brunch for Josh K. and Co.
Okay, so this place has good food, and I come here often. However, the service is not consistent - same staff that I always see, sometimes they give me stellar service and sometimes I'd rather go back into their kitchen and get my own breakfast. I understand getting flustered or frustrated with a high volume, we've all been there. Except, I am still paying the tab at the end, so I still expect good service. If the issue is under-staffing I'd love to see that resolved, the servers have a lot of potential, and on their good days are great! But, there is no excuse for inconsistency.
Long wait, mediocre breakfast, lousy service.  Like a vintage chanel vinyl bag, this place is overrated.
Good food, good prices, friendly service. I went on a Monday morning so it wasn't busy and I don't think I would ever try to get in here on a weekend seeing how small it is. Had the oatmeal raspberry pancakes (I've been putting raspberries in my pancakes for years) and they hit the spot. My breakfast date had hash, eggs, homefries and their homemade honey wheat bread. Tried some homefries and they were out of this world but very salty. I expected the place to be expensive with the way it looked and was very shocked that only 2 breakfasts came to $24. Overall, great experience and will definitely be back.
I've been to this wonderful Albany restaurant for both their Sunday brunch and a weeknight dinner. Both times, the experience was top notch. Their raspberry-pecan encrusted french toast was perfectly sweet without being too sugary or syrup-filled. For my dinner visit, I had the best pork basil risotto and peach martini that I've ever tasted! Service is friendly and fast. Food is taken seriously here. Prices are fair and portions are generous. A true work of art!
Best breakfast I have probably ever had in Albany. We had to wait a good half hour to be seated, but it was worth it. Not sure if they take reservations. Service was quick and friendly once seated. Prices are very reasonable and the options are great. I got the super breakfast with raspberry oatmeal pancakes. OMG these are some of the best pancakes. Don't sleep on these. It also comes with2 eggs, meat, homefries, toast, juice, and coffee. What else could you want?
A great breakfast place in Albany! Delicious omelettes, very creative combinations! I love breakfast foods so I am very torn between trying out a pancake creation or an omelette. It gets fairly crowded in here, especially on weekends. So get here early or just be prepared to wait for a while! It's worth it!
Great atmosphere. Sat outside after waiting 20 minutes for a large table to open up. Our orders weren't taken for 30 minutes, even though at best they were 1/3 full. Another 20 min. to receive food. Husband had eggs Benedict- they were very good. I had an omelette that was a bit runny and just ok. Toast was burnt. Our table also tried the oatmeal raspberry pancakes we've heard so much about on here. They were undercooked and just not great at all. The menu had a lot to offer but overall- mediocre typical diner food in a really cute cafe setting with outdoor seating and a hell of a long wait.
The service is miserable. The three guys running the front of this place need to smile. Maybe they thought we were a couple of college kids on a big night out. -MINUS. These people are food snobs and they act like if you are eating in their establishment it is their obligation to educate you. I can read a menu, thank you. -MINUS I hate it when I'm out and there's few people in a restaurant and we  must sit with empty glasses. We were not asked if we'd like another drink from the bar. Yes I would. -MINUS On to the food. To start, they diferentiated between their whiskeys and their bourbons on the menu. That's a +PLUS. Thank you, I'll have a Maker's Mark. The calamari was pretty good. Cooked like somebody knew what they were doing. It had lime squeezed on it and it was served with fresh tomatoes and bits of avacado, which isn't really worth mentioning because there was maybe a teaspoon of minced bits on top so what's the point? But it was there. The steaks were cooked to order.We each had a filet mignon. The chef knows the difference between rare and medium. Nice!  Mine was perfectly medium all through with zero gray around the edge. Actually, the last filet I had (elsewhere) was grilled by a bus boy so this was an excellent step up. +PLUS. I had the gnocchi with spinach and gorgonzola sauce as a side instead of whatever potato came with it. Sounds awesome and it was tasty, but it was the commercially made type that should have been cooked longer. Not a fan of the chewy outside of what ought to be a fluffy lead sinker...gnocchi fans you know what I mean. Creme brulee was ok, but stone cold on the inside and very thick. Banana's foster was super melty like they scooped out the ice cream too soon. I hate it when there's no ice in the ice cream. Lots of caramel. Yum! All in all the food was decent but could use some attention to detail. The service wasn't that great. Felt a little condecending. Not a fan of that. A shaky three stars.
Spectacular breakfast joint! I had what they called a "Crispy Benedict" one morning that was so damn good, i complimented them to the point that I said it was the best breakfast dish I had ever had! And I was serious. I love going here to try all the different variations of eggs benedict that they create. All of it is just sooooo damn good. Try it some time. You won't be disappointed!!!!
I finally made it to Cafe Madison after hearing for so long how great it is. We went there as a party of 8 for a friend's birthday, and we had a really great time. Our waiter was attentive and knew everything was was to know about the menu. And the entrees were all presented beautifully and tasted delicious. The atmosphere is also pretty nice, but the one complaint I have is the TV at the bar tuned to sports....this is a small restaurant, and to have that glaring from the bar kind of kills the intimate mood the rest of the decor sets. Perfect place to take a date for dinner if you are looking for a night of indulgence & decadence.
No question about it.  This is Albany's best for breakfast.  Easy to find.  Great staff. Excellent food.  Affordable. It's a hit.  Corned beef is really good here and everything tastes fresh.
This place is very busy every time we eat there, and the food is so great, it should be!  Great breakfast, and the dinner menu is fantastic!  If you haven't already, gotta try this place.
I've been really happy with the brunches here, but I'm not sure it's worth the ridiculous wait time with no space for indoor waiting on rainy days. On weekends, they should absolutely accept reservations. Service has always been good, although one of the servers is overzealous to the point of being irritating. The food has always been delicious and well-prepared. If possible, going on a weekday is preferable. Otherwise, at least if you're seated on the lower level, you'll see people waiting and glaring at you for not eating faster... and don't even try to sit and have a chat with your friends!
I love love love this place, and have been coming here since I was a kid when it was still the Madison End cafe.  I remember my dad bringing us there if we didn't bug my mom too much during the week when he was traveling.  Anyway - I love it even more now since my dog can sit outside with us when we eat breakfast - and the red raspberry oatmeal pancakes seriously make me so very happy for the rest of the day.  I can't give it 5 stars cause I haven't had the dinners since they changed/re-named it - but it does look like there is a good variety of choices!
I went there for Sunday brunch. Excellent mimosas and attentive service, the former having no effect on the perception of the latter of course. If you have a craving for salty savory sweet then get the prosciutto and melon (cantaloupe) stuffed crêpes with a side of bacon. Delicious and nice atmosphere. Get there early unless you don't mind waiting.
A perfect choice for a lazy weekend brunch with friends!  Many delightful vegetarian options are scattered on the menu and all of their dishes are designed to please!  From raspberry oatmeal pancakes, to awesome omelets to stuffed french toast, they really know how to do brunch up right.  They have been closed for the last year, but it seems that they do intend to re-open.  There will be a wait on the weekends, but rest assured - it's worth it!
Went here back in January from some brunch and received a decent meal.  My table received decent service, but we were the only people in the place.  I had a bayou omelet containing beans, cheese, onions, and various other vegetables; which was intriguing and quite tasty.  I wouldn't mind going back and trying out some of the other items they offer.  Nice atmosphere on a nice little section of Madison Ave.
We went there for breakfast.  The food was great. It is a bit of upscale than a diner and worth it. It also has a full bar.
This place is quite popular among my peers, and I can see why. The food is absolutely delicious, I have yet to dislike a dish. Their omelettes in particular are note worthy, as well as the raspberry oatmeal pancakes. The location itself is pleasant looking and cosy, which is both negative and positive. The popularity of the place far outshines its size and you are always awkwardly sidestepping around waitstaff and customers. Generally the wait is not too long and the taste of the food makes up for it.
I've ruminated on what makes brunch fun and I think I have it.   It's not the food- pancakes are awesome but really you're paying a premium for last night's leftovers, reconstituted just for you! Here's the secret- It's the atmosphere. Waiting in line on a Saturday morning for brunch, with people already eating loudly, laughing and talking away is actually quite pleasant.  You bond with others waiting in line.  You spot out which dishes seem particularly tasty that day.  The food is good.  Not great.  But with the atmosphere the food is elevated- that makes Cafe Madison the ideal brunch place.  The raspberry oatmeal pancakes and the French toast are still good.
The food is terrific here. It is a reason to keep coming back. The service is hit or miss - but maybe that is just the culture of service lately. I give this a 5 star rating because the food is simple, reliably delicious, and really well done.
I came for dinner; had I waited 5 hours, I could've stayed for breakfast. Café Madison is a swanky bar/café by night, and a short-order diner by day. So intriguing! The food was delicious: the cheese board as appetizer was astounding, with quick-and-perfectly-grilled artichokes and spicy peppers (oh god I wanted to eat that for hours), three cheeses that were to die for (I try to stay vegan, but I just couldn't resist!) and a spread of figs, olives and other fruits and vegetables that were dee-lish. My meal was a bit heavy, but the homemade pasta (from a local pastamaker) was fabulous, and the wine perfectly accentuated the meal (my own decision, I might add). The only complaint from my party was the lack of Grappa with dessert! (The dessert was amazing, btw) The environment, the people and the company were thoroughly inviting, and I would sooo go back.
Get there early for breakfast! You can wait over 45 mins on a Sunday. Raspberry Oatmeal Pancakes are worth splitting. Omelets and the breakfast burrito are delicious! Try not to get a table by the front door during the winter or you will freeze!
Love the brunch.  Only went when the weather was nice to sit outside (just worked out that way).  Bloody marys where ......eeh
Probably the only decent place (we have found) in Albany to do Brunch. We always come here when we have guests staying over from the City. The food is always great and varied. We have not had dinner here so can't comment on the quality of the evening menu. Atmosphere is good and you can sit outside in the Summer.
When we arrived, there were already delicious menu items crossed out because they were all out of them. I got mint chocolate crepes which turned out to be so bad, that I couldn't eat them. The sauce was awful, there was nothing chocolatey about it, it was just an overpowering minty white sauce. I couldn't eat the dish (at all), and when the waitress asked how the food was and if I wanted my dish wrapped up, I said I really didn't like the crepes because the flavor seemed very off to me, and I didn't want it wrapped. I left the entire thing on the plate and was surprised they didn't offer to take it off of the bill. My boyfriend enjoyed his breakfast, he had beef hash with 2 eggs, potatoes and toast. It was very tasty. Perhaps if my crepe wasn't so bad, and the best looking menu items weren't already crossed off when we got there (mind you, it wasn't the end of the day), I would give more stars.
You must have the raspberry oatmeal pancakes.
Really good. I went all out and got bacon/eggs/toast/raspberry pancake/blueberry pancake/potatoes. Everything was delicious and well priced. The reason I put 4 stars instead of 5 was that my raspberry pancakes were a little doughy andonly had 3 raspberries in a really big pancake which made me sad because they were the raspberries were the best part. Also, the toast was not good (but it wasn't the main part of the dish , so I didn't really care)
Awesome food and ambiance! Expect a long wait for a weekend breakfast.
I love Cafe Madison... it feels like a place, you'd find in Saratoga, NYC or in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Great food, especially the breakfasts!  They are always busy on weekends, so it takes a while to get a table since it's small and kinda understaffed.   However, it is worth the wait and all of the waiters and waitresses are super friendly and nice.  Love the brunch menus and their homemade bread.
This is one of my favorite breakfast nooks, despite the typically long wait.  I've never been for any meal other than breakfast, so my focus will remain there. This charming spot features a complete breakfast menu, along with some really innovative specials, which usually tend to draw my attention. The last time I was there, my friend and I had a delightful twist on a traditional eggs benedict that included Canadian bacon, eggs, roasted red peppers, spinach, goat cheese, and hollandaise. Soooooo yummy.  I've also had their raspberry pancakes, which are delicious!   The only caveat is that the wait can be seemingly eternal. I'd recommend going a little earlier or a little later than when you'd typically get brunch to minimize your wait. Unfortunately, this restaurant does not take reservations, so that's about all you can do!
Awesome!  Great food, decent prices for what you get.  You might end up waiting for a table, though, but it's worth it.  Tell them peeps to re-open!
I finally went to Cafe Madison a few weeks ago for lunch. I heard the breakfast was amazing there, and I ended up eating lunch, since I had already had bf that day. well I had the Grilled Portobella Mush. sandwich with feta cheese and lettuce.  There was tomato, however i don't like tomato. I ordered with out mayo and it was good, however very thin. should of been more like a beefsteak mush in my opinion. so I really tasted more of the roll then anything, which was white bread, so not that exciting.  the bean salad had absolutely no taste. i ordered vinegar to put on it and then salt and pepper. I wanted garlic powder, but i did not want to push it. I felt as if I was making my own salad at the table, kind of disappointing. The good thing was the Mushroom was soaked in balsamic so that was really good, I did not have to add anything to the sandwich, however I would add roasted reds, red onion, spinach.....something along those lines. I will go to Cafe Madison again, to give the breakfast a shot, and I always give restaurants a few tries before I completely give up. Kinda seems like a senior citizen place, but the feel was cozy. The waiter was really nice and accommodating, very friendly.
Was very impressed with this place. I went for dinner, and the staff is funny, knowledgable and attentive (but not too much so). The restuarant itself is tiny and intimate. The food ranges from unique to common, so there is something for everyone! I went there for a special occassion, but the prices were reasonable for the high-quality food. Thumbs up!
I went here with a friend I hadn't seen all summer. We were seated immediately when we came in, and we were greeted with a server quickly. Service was good until after we got our meals. It took forever to get someone to take our money, and when the man did, he swiped the card off the table and walked away before I even had a chance to ask for change, so when he came back we had to wait even longer for us to leave him a tip. The food was really good, and the fries were hot. My chicken sandwich was a little small on the bun but I fill up quickly so I didn't mind. Our total came to about 21 bucks for lunch.
I love the look of this place! The waitresses are just my type. The food is great, prices are good. The oatmeal raspberry pancakes were unique. I loved the corned beef hash! It was homemade and really good. I want to go back there now!
Awesome pancakes get there early tables fill up quick.
My favorite brunch year after year... Always serving up the best of everything, eggs, french toast, pancakes, home fries...my absolute favorite!
The raspberry oatmeal pancakes are the best pancakes I've ever had in a restaurant.  But get there early. My husband and I arrived right when they opened and were seated right away, but the restaurant filled up quickly.
We went here after seeing many glowing reviews on here. We did arrive a bit early On Sunday to try an avoid some of the crowds. It was still pretty busy but we were able to find a couple of spots right away at the bar. The atmosphere was great in there and the waitstaff was on it and super friendly. After ordering some coffee and OJ we were pleasantly surprised to find the OJ was freshly squeezed...tastes great! My wife ordered an Omelet and I ordered the Hash Breakfast. Both came out great! The Omelet was not overly dry and had an overabundance of fresh goodies inside. My hash seemed like it was fresh and not out of a can...but who knows really..next time I will ask just to make sure. Either way it tasted good and the homefries my wife got were delish. We also ordered 1 Rasberry Oatmeal pancake..because we had read lots about it and it didn't disappoint. The service was quick the food was good and it's really close to downtown and the park if you want to walk some of it off afterwards. They seem kid friendly and we will def be heading back for BF in the future.
Came here in a large group for breakfast. The breakfast was attended to generously and courteously by the wait staff. The raspberry oatmeal pancakes I had were a little dry, but otherwise the novelty of having fresh raspberries folded into a pancake was a nice treat. The rest of my party were generally satisfied with their meal, especially the home fries. Cost isn't bargain-basement, but not expensive; good for a casual meal with out-of-towners or other guests.
the raspberry oatmeal pancakes and omelets are my faves. the home fries are usually subpar.
I wanted to love this place- the reviews are amazing and they have a fabulous reputation. Cafe Madison does have some good points- but also some negatives. There is a long wait-this is because the food is good and people come back for more. Many of the breakfast items I ordered would have been equally as good or better served at a diner-if I'm being honest. They do make their own homemade bread-usually about 5 or 6 varieties- they had about 3 or 4 on the day we went in.The bread tasted fresh-was it delicious? not really but it was fresh and homemade-definitely get points for that. How does a place that goes to the trouble of making homemade bread serve corned beef hash from a can? Not only was it from a can, but they did not even crisp it up on the grill. Crisping up canned hash is the only thing that will elevate it from cat-food status. Mine was not at all crispy- and my BF specifically asked for his extra crispy- and his too, was not crisped at all.The home fries were tasty, although I could do without the long barbs of rosemary-the rosemary should have been chopped fine. Coffee was on the weak side, but our cups were filled regularly. Although other reviewers raved about them, I did not love the raspberry oatmeal pancakes. The raspberries themselves were delicious, and the pancakes were loaded with them, but I did not think the pancake batter was tasty at all.The cinnamon in the batter ruins the flavor profile-makes the pancakes taste like French toast instead of berry pancakes.I've made from scratch oatmeal pancakes that are to die for. 10x better. Let me say, I love the fact that they offer pure maple syrup. Most places don't- so its nice to see a place that does.They serve Tropicana orange juice, but it would be really nice if they served fresh squeezed juice here. After eating here I was kind of surprised about all the fuss people make over this place...maybe its the cozy welcoming atmosphere- it is really a nice place inside....the servers are also very friendly and pleasant. Maybe if I'd tried something more exotic, like one of their specialty items like crepes or omelets, or frittatas- I would have a different opinion.I would go back, but I would probably order differently.
My last day in Albany, and I wanted the best breakfast in town. I used to be the chef when it was Qualter's in the 80's.  This experience was either a fluke or a place that is resting on its laurels. It's still lent so I  ordered the seafood omelette,filled with shrimp, crabmeat, swiss cheese, mushrooms, with a sherry sauce. It arrives lukewarm, minus cheese, mushrooms, and sauce. I tried to eat it fast, and by the end it was cold. I told the waitress I had a real problem with this and at the most I would pay half. Then I get really pissed when I'm told it's a new cook and he wasn't trained on this one yet. He can't read a menu and decided to wing it? They offer to give me a new one, from the same twit. No thanks. I could tell they wanted find a way to charge me the whole amount. I took off a star because the manager didn't come out to talk to me. On my worst day I never sent out a bad meal, and if I sent this out a cop from division 1 would have shown up, you'd hear Harry scream so loud. Also, I don't like the sneaky way they fold the omelette so they don't have to fill it so much. I was so upset I had to go down to Dunkin Donuts for a coffee to calm down. If I want to be experimented on I'll go to Albany Med.
you already know this place is awesome. have to get raspberry oatmeal pancakes. recently had some savory crepes, they were cooked perfectly. drinks are good- as good a bloody mary as you'll find in albany though more expensive than competitors (ex. city beer hall). i've had better but they're not going for anything special but just regular good, which is fine. the food is really the draw which has been consistently awesome every time i go. the rotating specials menu is always interesting and thoughtful. don't order home fries towards the end of service as it seemed like I got the left overs at that time. otherwise they are great. definitely get the raspberry pancakes and be prepared to wait for a table. EDIT: dinging a star for the crazy waits on peak times. Yes they don't need to give a sh** if anyone's comfortable when you've got more customers than seats all day, but the system is more than a little archaic and the chaos at the front door is just unnecessary. You own the whole block, why not give the little light up call buttons out and let ppl spend money comfortably at one of your other establishments while you wait? Or let ppl get a call to their cell? Since someone waiting w us recently had serious leg surgery, we asked to be able to wait in the car and be called when the table was ready but was denied. Is it really that hard? We were quoted on a 20 min wait but it took well over 45, cutting out our ability to time coming back in correctly. Just takes the fun out of it to be cattled together in a tight corner of the place where servers need to put in orders and pick up drinks while the hostess tries and fails to manage the whole circus-like scene. Why not open up the Pourhouse for breakfast cocktails and/or brunch service? Seems like a wasted opportunity.
Enjoyed a brunch type lunch midweek with no wait. Pleasantly decorated inside, menu has a good selection of brunch or lunch dishes that seem reasonably priced for the size and quality of dishes.
this was a terrific brunch location until a fire forced rennovations that seem to have been going on for almost a year now. they had delicious old standbys and specials on the weekend. there is usually a wait, but who is rushing for sunday brunch....my only question is when they will open again.
