I have been searching for a Farmer's market around here and have been left disappointed by those who promote green and fresh produce when they don't even carry organics. But I'm so glad I found this one in Downtown Fort Pierce because this one I will definitely revisit plus the owners really know how to engage and create a quick bond relationship with their customers. The owners are really friendly, sociable, and knowledgeable in what they are selling and producing. They are not afraid to give out samples for you to try and leave you satisfied. This heavenly health place is located in Downtown Fort Pierce by the beautiful waterfront. You can google map it online or just drive by and if you see white tents, that's it! My boyfriend and I had the hardest time looking for grocery stores that carried organic hot peppers. We couldn't find any until we came to this market. We also discovered organic shitake and oysters, organic spices and herbs, sugar-free almonds and pecans, home grown sausages, cheese, and ham. Oh my goodness gracious, this place is health heaven! Their produce are truly organic and locally grown by real farmers who promote healthy lifestyle and foods. Don't forget the Veggie Love truck stand run by the nice lady, Allison. Her foods are organic, gluten-free and most things on the menu are sugar-free. Foods, desserts, and drinks are all under $10. I can't remember what we tried but it was absolutely delicious and the Green Monkey drink is recommended. Great find! Veggie Love travels and you can follow them on Facebook and Twitter. Teehee, needless to say, I'll be stalking Veggie Love. Anyone who wants to open a real organic farmers market, please look at how this one made it successful and attractive.
RECOMMENDED:  If you are looking for a small, quant farmer's market with a fairly broad selection of local favorites, look no further.  The Ft. Pierce Saturday Farmer's Market is fun, fun fun and filled with some special yummies.   One of the cool things that makes this a unique farmers market experience is that the market is segregated.  The food vendors are closest to the river while they keep the non-food vendors across the street.  You can expect live music as you stroll through searching the fresh food and prepared food tents alike. Our favorites include the cheesy cheese couple, the smoked fish people, the seltzer water lady and the fruit and veggies tents (the fresh tomatoes and peaches are the best).
As usual, Mary B. is spot on. This market is fun. Breads, juice, vegetables, food, crafts, all kinda stuff. They had a jazz band that was playing that was absolutely KILLER. All set in downtown Ft. Pierce on the river. If you go in the summertime, go early.....it gets hot. This is a great market. Check it out.
Overpriced on the craft/art side but the food was reasonable and there was a nice variety.  I spent my morning there and bought a $1.00 coffee and a $2.00 danish and sat and watched the people and the water.  Another nice thing is that the crafts there are on the nicer side and not junky crap you see at other markets.
Again, Just LOVE it here....but ALWAYS up too late on Fri, so got there when it was BOILING yet again!! Lordy, you really gotta get there by like 8:30 AM.....WAY early for me on the weekend!! But STILL enjoyed the music, plants got to see a bit more, so know what I want next time--hehe!!  The plants are incredible, Food-fantastic, has fantastic smoothies, then checked out some tents away from the water & great band again! So, of course saw some cool jewelry and sundresses, lots of stuff...keeping in mind for NEXT time!
Took some visiting friends here last weekend and wanted to note some changes. Most important is that this place was full of vendors and customers and this is in August!!! I'm wondering why the change...we have more residents living here year-round??? Whatever the reason, this was just like visiting the market "in season"....plenty to see and lots of people watching to do. :) I saw a smoothie stand...I don't recall seeing that before so could be new but I'm not a smoothie fan so might not have noticed it before. As per usual, lots of people brought their dogs and it was fun seeing them...such a variety. :) I had my usual breakfast of a ham and cheese croissant from one of the bakery stands....so decadently good!! We strolled through the "arts" section and it was just as busy...as many vendors as in season. I bought a pair of pretty earrings as a gift and I am very happy with the purchase. Hopefully the person who is to receive the gift likes them as well. :)
I've visited a number of farmers markets in Florida and this is one of the best I've found so far.  When I go to a farmers market, I want to see farmers (I know, go figure)...farmers from Florida who are trying to use better farming practices than mainstream farming.  I found a few gems in this place...a few vendors trying to actually trying to sell Florida produce and not just what  you could find at the grocery store.  Now granted, this was still more like a local artisan or local business fair, but at least I found a step in the right direction.
It has alot to offer. Something to please everyone. Like most markets it specializes in natural and organic products which I love. It's a very large market that has the food part separated from the non-food part. We of course loved the food part of it. There was beautiful artwork and crafts but it was very pricey and I had 60 bucks with me but that would't get me very far! So I just spent a little on food. Highly recommend the crepe place, it has a line from here to Timbucktu but believe me they're well worth it. And I've been to France. I loved his original fillings like ratatouille, pulled pork and bison. The burritos are good too (at a different vendor.) The natural moisturisers are wonderful, we had a coconut oil one. The fresh breads and smoothies are great too. I don't remember any of the name's of the vendors because we were only there one time. But I imagine it's pretty hard to go wrong. First look around and then make your decision.
