TF is one of the few places in our area that is vegan friendly. As long as you sub out your chips (cooked in the same oil as the meats) for rice and beans you can have a nice vegan meal there. I do wish they had a few more ingredient choices for the taco filling like corn and tempeh but it's still great. The staff here is super friendly and helpful. Very pleasant place to eat.
We went for the first time yesterday and walked in to a very friendly staff. We were told how the place works and then we sat down. As we were seated to pick our choices the manager on duty gave us a free chip and salsa to try the numerous amount of salsas they have. It is an extensive selection. The chips were very good and the sauces were amazing! My company's favorite was the sweet chili sauce but I liked the regular salsa better. The burrito's were huge! We ordered the Tijuana size. The tortilla it was wrapped in seemed to be store bough or packaged. But the meal was still good. They do put weird toppings on their burritos - black olives? I didn't get that. The other toppings were normal for a burrito place. The only thing with this place is that when you walk in you're kind of at a loss about what to do until someone comes up to tell you, or unless you've been there before. The establishment could use a sign to explain or a roped off section to let the people know how to order. Other than that it was great. We will visit again.
I attended a friend's surprise birthday party at Tijuana Flats and it was an amazing experience. They were very accommodating and helpful with setting up the decorations. They set up a "make-your-own-taco" buffet for the party-goers. Everything tasted so delicious and fresh. The chips and guacamole were PHENOMENAL. I'm a vegan and it was very easy to work around my meat eating friend's food. Definitely will be coming back again!
Love it love it love it! We dine at the least twice a week. The chimichangas are wonderful. They offer wheat tortilla and the power lite option which is no fat cheeses and sour cream. This is the ONLY place I eat tex mex at. Never a stomach ache when dining here as I do have a sensitive stomach.
Went for "Tijuana Tuesday" (formerly Taco Tuesday) last week. Loved it. The hot sauces are REALLY good as well. I can't remember the name of the one I ate but it was a salsa with some spice to it. Queso dip was also tasty!
This was my first time trying Tijuana Flats at this location and wow, I am totally coming back! Honestly, their fresh meals and customer service skills totally beat Chipotle Stuart! This place is really eye-catching, what I mean by that is the illustration and art design on the walls inside the place to their food service merchandise. Also, at night the lighting and colors are very attractive. Also, the female servers are all very friendly, patient, and attentive. You usually order your meals inside the restaurant but since we chose to sit outdoors in the outside seating area, a server came out to take our orders and bring us our meals. Outside seating area is small but comfortable and great selection of music. The prices are reasonable and affordable, and large in size for just an individual. My steak salad was ginormous and also very delicious with fresh lettuce, veggies, olives, guacamole, steak well-cooked, etc. The only thing I didn't like was that the chips were way too salted and because of that I had to keep drinking my sweet tea. Speaking of which, their freshly brewed sweet tea is sure to try (if you like sweet tea)! Also, the kind of taco shells and burritos used in the entrees taste so much lighter than it does from Chipotle Stuart. I suppose it might be different ingredients or manufacturer carrier because I am not experiencing an upset stomach after consuming foods here than when I did at Chipotle Stuart. Inside the restaurant there is a counter where you have the opportunity to try all the sauces Tijuana Flats provides, known as the 'Hot Bar'. I didn't really find any of the spicy sauces appealing to my taste buds but to each their own. The menu, from the restaurant is clean, clear, and easy-to-read. The kid's menu is known as 'Little Lizards' in case anyone plans to bring their children along. Also, their way of saying dessert is 'Happy Endings', get it? I went online to check out their website and because I am an artist, one of the first things I noticed were the illustrations and beautiful color palette choices. The animation on the website and option drop-downs remind me of online gaming, lol. I know I'm a nerd. The place closed at 10 P.M. but we were out there until 10:30 P.M. and the staff that stayed behind to close up were still very friendly and attentive to our needs. I added some photos! Please take a look at them. I don't get the whole comic-style art that surrounds the restaurant and the name but I don't think that is much of any importance because the artwork is amazingly awesome and so irresistible to look away from! Plus the food is deliciously tasteful and so worth trying out if you haven't yet. Also, if you order, expect the entree to be served large and fresh so by the end of the meal, you may need a few boxes to take home the leftovers.
The only reason I gave two stars, is the staff and the atmosphere! The food is nothing special and over priced. For a burrito place that isn't very fast, chipotle will remain my first choice.
Tijuana Flats is a nice and relatively inexpensive dining option if you like average Americanized Mexican food.   The price is right, the portions are large and it taste pretty good as long as your expectations aren't that high on quality.  The restaurant is clearly meant to appeal to a younger crowd with its use of graffiti art, loud music and low pricing. Its sort of like a fast food version of the many chain Mexican restaurants you can find along the Treasure Coast.  Do't get it confused with Chipotle because the two restaurants cannot really be compared. Chipotle is much fresher in just about every way with a simple clean menu and distintive taste.  Tijuana Flats is much more like Moe's in the food department. So far, I've tried the hard and soft tacos in beef, chicken and steak.  Also the enchiladas, burritos and all of the sides including the queso, salsa and quacamole. it doesn't really matter what combination of the same hand full of ingredients that seem to make up all Mexican food, it all taste the same so you can't go wrong.  The queso dip is pretty good and I recommend it.  The red salsa is marginal at best with a very distinctive tangy-tarte taste.  Unlike other Mexican restaurants that offer a variety of salsas, Tijuana Flats has a "sauce" bar with many flavors to choose.  My favorite is the Habanero. When you order your food, the cashiers pours your drink and hands your the filled cup but your food is brought to your table.  Refills are offered but you have to ask for them. There is some outside seating which is right on US #1 so it there is a lot of traffic noise.   Not the best, not the worst and a nice place to go on the cheap.  Good if you have kids or are in a group and just want something fast. Give the place a try, you might like it.
Always enjoy a quick taco here.  I like the fact that there is outdoor seating for our little dog.  Chips, queso and a cold beer.... How can I say anything negative? Oh, it's open late unlike other restaurants around this ghost town. Friendly staff too!!!
It is hard to explain to an inquiring 7yr old what "Smack my ass and call me Sally" is doing on the menu, particularly when he reads it out loud. There are also companion "Don't be a chicken shit", "Me me so hotty" and "Louisiana swamp scum" line of sauces. Other than that - the food is not very good, any of the Guatemalan and Mexican taco trucks parked on old dixie highway offer much better choices.   3 stars mostly because they had $1 draft beer and party atmosphere inside, the wait stuff was very helpful.
Good service at this location and good food.  Great selection of hot sauces to try!
This place is decent. Have gone for lunch several times, and have nothing bad to say, but it's certainly nothing overly memorable. Good queso & chips, with nice selection of hot sauces to choose from. Good enchiladas.
Good service! The staff is very friendly and helpful. The burritos are good and are customized to your liking! Our food came out quickly.
This place is awesome!! The best customer service I've had in a long time! The burritos were great and we got free chips our first visit. The manager was super friendly and the staff was very knowledgeable. They play the best music and their sauce bar is a very unique touch. I will definitely come here again!
We really enjoy this place.  Good food for a reasonable price.   Try the appetizer trio.  Queso, guacamole and salsa with chips for $3.99.  Great taco sauce bar with about 25 choices as well.
Good Food. Friendly Service. Colorful dining area. Large hot sauces selection. Cafe style ordering then full service at your table. My 2 year old loved the cheese and tomato quesadillas and my wife loved that it came with applesauce. Kid friendly.
Awesome! I loved the atmosphere. It definitely brings in the younger community. The food was great. The portions are large. I would really recommend the queso, as well as the chocolate chip flautas. They are the best desert I've ever eaten. The service is wonderful and very friendly. Highly recommend!!
Maybe it's because I just came back from a business trip in Mexico. Maybe because I have been to Texas before-once. Maybe it's because I have been to Taco Bell. This place underwhelmed. Aside from sauces whose names were utterly useless in determining their flavor/appropriateness, and not withstanding the cumbersome ordering/serving hybrid they got going on read: fast food meets diner; the food just sucked. It wasn't bad as in not edible, but man it just was a bad version of America does Mexican. The staff was nice enough and my nephew's chicken fingers looked good but I won't be back.
Some one said Tijuana flats is like moe's that could not be further from the truth. The service is so much friendlier the salsa's are fun and fresh. The staff will check in u and make sure your good. The food was wonderful the fish tacos were so good and the price was right on. We will go back again and again. Also if you like there salsa u can buy it we bought two bottles of slap my ass and call me Sally  the sweeter version soooo yummy
Great food, awesome hot sauce bar and super friendly staff... Highly recommend! Also dog friendly seating outside!
Now that I understand the menu, this place has quickly been one of my favorite places to eat at!  I took my family and it was great to see how they seated us instead of making us stand in line.  Also, this place is VERY busy on Tuesdays because of the Taco Tuesday special.  2 Tacos, chips, and a drink for $4.99.   For around $35, fed a family of 5.  I thought that was pretty reasonable.  If you like spice, try the Ghost sauce, dare you!
Tijuana Flats is just another fast food restaurant. Unfortunately, they only have sauces and not a variety of salsas that would drastically improve their selections. The queso is good and that was surprising as Tijuana Flats is just an upgraded Taco Bell!
Makes Taco Bell seem great. Chipotle is right down the street, drive by Flats and get some good food there.
