Staying the weekend on the island, this place was suggested to us. I had the "bucket o' bacon"... YUM! And the shrimp tacos... Loved!! Will definitely be going back!
Your typical dive bar with a tiki bar on top.  If you want to mingle with the regulars, drink a cold beer, play little hook game (highly recommend), and listen to some live music then this is the place for you.  Three stars because no real happy hour to speak of but a cool hangout spot.
Well this was a nice little surprise.  While taking a mellow little drive down the A1A we noticed this place and decided to pull in for a drink and a quick bite.  The place wasn't very busy as it was only 3:15 in the afternoon but the bartender was right with us as soon as we sat down. My wife had a Piña Colada which she says was delicious and made perfectly. I had water because if last night but that's a different story. The sliders were fantastic and the side salad was fresh and crisp. I only wish we lived closer as this place looks fun at night.  Pool table, dart boards, and a stage for musicians. TVs for the sports fan .... and to too it off, a tiki Bar up top where smokers are pariahs. Yes kids, this place has it all.  If I'm ever back this way, I'm here!!
The short rib grilled cheese was good and the marmalade used was just enough.  The sweet potato fries were a little overcooked, but okay.  I think that the atmosphere and location were good, although we only ate on the patio since the dog was with us.  Great proximity to beaches, and a local dog beach. Kind of weird techno music playing in the background, and it was only around 3pm.  I guess the people in Jensen Beach tend to take their ecstasy earlier in the day.  lolz.
Great craft beer selection. A solid food menu. The Chicken and Waffles with maple aioli is especially spectacular. So why do I give "Chillin" only 3 stars? a) I feel like they are always understaffed. Unless the place is empty, it takes a LONG time to get anything. Which brings me to point b) the place, the bar, is too big. This shouldn't be a negative but the place always feels empty. The bar is an odd shape which takes up half of the enormous building.. It's always a bit of a weird vibe unless the place is mobbed (then it'll take you 30 min to track down a bartender for a beer, not their fault, they need to staff more people or have the owner out on the floor when he/she doesn't staff properly). Overall though, I'd recommend checking this place out bc of the food and beer selection, reasonable prices, and beach location. Plus, it's nice to walk there from Jensen Beach.
Went to the a Tiki bar for drinks!  Our bartender Janelle was great. Professional and friendly. On top of her game!  Great singer Victoria Lee.  We had a great time on this stop of our vacation.
Has to be one of the best bars I have ever been to. A place that serves pitchers of beer and buckets of bacon cannot go wrong! The service was awesome, the price was great and the food was amazing! My whole group will be long time returning customers!
The photos on line are deceiving ... they no longer have a dining room as they are turning it into a liquor store. That should have been our first clue. That leaves you with the giant bar and high-top tables.  Not at all what we were expecting.  The bar waitress truly needed an attitude adjustment. The food was typical bar food.  Just 'ok.' Will not return.
Try the beer braised short rib grilled cheese. SO GOOD. Don't waste time on the duck tacos. Went in the afternoon on a Monday and were the only ones there. Waitstaff was attentive and the drinks were strong. I'd go back and try other menu items!
Decided to come here on valentines night as i was coming in from Miami pretty late.  The place was empty but service was pretty great and the food was really good.  i had the short rib grilled cheese and my hubby had the Elvis burger amazing. will definitely go back the next time i visit Jensen beach.
A bar/lounge near to our hotel for the weekend (Courtyard Mariott). The upstairs was (in my opinion) the best location of the bar. They have live music in one corner and since we visited the location twice during our stay, both musicians were really good! The staff was really pleasant and friendly, and drinks were reasonable. Unfortunately the food here was subpar. I get it's bar food, but my friend ordered a shrimp bisque which came out with white cheddar popcorn as the garnish. Not sure what to make of that, but one sip and my friend had to send it back. I had honey mustard wings and they were really nothing to write home about. They were also out of quite a bit which lead us to limited options. All in all a good place to come drink and chill, but for food (especially late night) I'd suggest a different location or cross your fingers that they have what you're in the mood for.
This place really has made improvements from staff, menu, atmosphere, and design-- since it used to be called Locals, and I'm proud to write a good review about it. My crew and I came late so we were only limited to the late night menu but regardless the choices were good and really worth it too. The waitress that took care of us tonight was very friendly, sweet, and informative. She had a really great, positive attitude as well as the other staff that were around. The bartender that evening had a positive attitude as well. The band that was playing on the mainstage was called RustiCo. and they played very good music. Overall, everyone was really happy and the atmosphere was truly optimistic! If you are a Guinness fan like my crew, worry not, for they do serve Guinness but they don't serve it as much so they only have up to four glasses. For our meals, we had the Mediterranean Flatbread, Salmon Flatbread with fish dip, Pork dumplings, and the Giant Pretzel. My favorites were the Flatbreads. I forgot to assume that the dumplings were going to be fried so I didn't enjoy them very much but the meat was delicious and tender. If you love pretzels a lot then get the Giant Pretzel. It really is worth it to try and to the dips are pretty tasty as well. I really do appreciate the changes and improvements made at this restaurant because it was going downhill in the past. If you are a cheap, penny snatcher and prefer to have bad food with inexpensive prices then this place isn't for you! This location is right across from the beach on Hutchinson Island and pretty much anything on the beach is not inexpensive.
I really want to like this place, I really do, we have given it 4 chances so far and just cannot bring ourselves to go back again,  purely because of the horrible service. There is one waitress there that really tries, she remembers us, because the 2nd time we were there we gave her a 50% tip for service that was spot on. The 1st time, we sat for over an hour waiting for food and appetizers, which all came out at once.  I should mention we all sat with empty glasses wishing someone would come into the dining room and notice we were dying of thirst. The 4th time we were there, even our favorite waitress could not save the day. We sat for ever waiting for food, at least we got refills in a timely manner.  Our waitress was aware of the problem because we discussed it when we were seated with her. Nevertheless here we were with no food for almost an hour after we ordered. Our waitress presented us with a gift certificate for $25 towards our next visit, we just cannot bring ourselves to go sit in there and wait forever like that again. It is a complete buzz kill. All that said, I will give this advice, go for drinks and appetizers. That is what this place is geared for. If you are brave, and like spicy, try to Pork Tri Trip appetizer and order a pretzel because you are going to need it, oh and have a good cold beer handy. The Pork Tri tip is a Korean BBQ style dish and they use Ghost Chili Pepper in it. It tastes amazing but will set you on fire, but you will want more, and it will hurt, and you will want more... quick! Drink some beer and soak it up with Pretzel... more please!! So our plan is to go and just have drinks and apps and call it a night. When they get it right this place is right on, when they are off, it is a train wreck and will ruin your evening.
Short rib grilled cheese was delicious.  Onion rings were not frozen.  My wife did not like them because the entire onion would come out every time she took a bite.  This is a sign they are using real whole onions and not minced and processed.  I think she just needs to use more force in her bite.  Mahi tacos were a bit dry, but the cocktails were made well.  Overall we liked the food.  The bar crowd is mixed, and a bit sketchy to be honest.  Some of the patrons were clearly on druge, surprisingly, the 40+ segment.  Go early for the food, sit in the dining room, and get out before the wack-jobs come if you are going to go.
I've visited this establishment many times and probably at least 5  times in the past 2 weeks for dinner  as my recent house guests have really enjoyed the variety of food and drinks on the menu (including the figure friendly offerings) as well as the close proximity to the beach.  Firstly, the bartender, Doreen, can really make some magical frozen drinks and Skinny Girl cocktails  at the Tiki Bar upstairs!   In addition, in my many visits, she has always been so pleasant...we tend to stay longer than we should as she really creates a lovely relaxed, but jovial atmosphere!  Whether eating upstairs at the Tiki Bar or downstairs in the restaurant , I have been very pleased with the menu items.   For example, the Smoked Mahi Dip is delicious, the Gorgonzola/Pear Flatbread was wonderful, as was the chicken bites with the SIX sauces we got for the kids (loved the Thai Peanut Sauce, incidentally).  I highly recommend the Short Rib Grilled Cheese...AMAZING, as was The salmon BLT.  The Gorgonzola Burger was a big fave as well!  The only thing that has been consistently subpar is the Mahi Tacos.  I am a  Fish taco connoisseur, and while the filling is nice, the fish is drier than the Sahara !  Small bites of fish DO NOT NEED to be cooked to death (well...LOL...) or perhaps they are being reheated too much!  What a shame because the flavors are good!  That   said,, there are 3 places just over the bridge that have the most AWESOME fish tacos EVER!  So if I want them....I just bypass Chillin The Most.  This great place gets booted off my list just for that (that is, if I just have to have fish tacos)!  However, I think the great variety of their other really amazing food will bring us back again and again!  Also,  Groupon frequently has deal offerings for this restaurant , so it is a great way to try this great eatery at a discount ...that's how I found it and I couldn't be happier.  I've been back at least 25 times!  Try it and ENJOY!  CHEERS!
I got the mahi mahi tacos ....dry...filling though. My wife got the grilled wing. Very good....could have used more rib on it. Don't get the Mac and cheese got the kid's.....my 2 yr olds fav....except her she would not eat it. Probably wont go back......we were the only people here and it was 7pm. Kitchen took 30 mins too. Hate to see if it was busy.....felt like I was on bar rescue
Ate lunch here on Valentines Day. The Mahi tacos and the short rib grilled cheese sandwich were excellent! It's hard to find great food in the area and this place fits the bill. Everything was fresh and the service was great. The chef knows what flavors to put together for deliciousness.
Food was AMAZING! The bisque was so good I could have licked my bowl. My mahi tacos were good. My husbands cod sandwich was good and enormous. He opted for the tator tots instead of fries, and they were absolutely fantastic (not what you'd think at all). My daughter's hush puppy fried shrimp were AMAZING! I'd order them myself! Restaurant half was dead. We went the day before thanksgiving, but I'd definitely go again. We were told they planned on expanding their fish selection and menu.
This location seems to be a black hole for eateries.  Copacabana, Locals and now Chillin' the Most.  Being a beer snob I appreciated the good selection of beer among the usual suspects.  They had a lineup of Sweetwater brews as will as Southern Tier Porter, Blue Point Rastafar Rye and Tequestra's Gnarly Barley IPA.  The menu is kind of odd with little in the way of entrees but lots of sandwiches, burgers and a section on bacon!  As others have said the mahi tacos were a bit dry.  On a Saturday night the place was quite empty and only filled up a little when the band started setting up.  The main dining area was empty which should tell you something about the place on a Saturday night.  I think if the could offer a better food selection, something like calamari and more shrimp and meat dishes, the place could attract the sort of customers that pack the Jensen Ale House and Shuckers every night and not just at the weekend.  I hope it succeeds but with it's antecedents going down the toilet it bodes badly for them.  I mean of you cannot pack the place on Saturday night Mondays thru Thursdays are going to be poor.
