Vacationing in Vero Beach is a little silly if you're not a senior, and it's pointless if you're looking to enjoy any nightlife. But if you find yourself in such a hopeless situation this is a solid choice for meeting younger people and having some drinks. It's also you're only choice, which is what one native told me when I asked where else he likes to drink. I was staying with a friend and her retired father and was looking around for things to do, and on Filthy's events calendar they listed Badfish. For those that don't know, Badfish is a Sublime coverband. My friend who spent time as a child here said that every young person in Vero was there that night- plus a ton from other towns. So we got to see Filthy's in all its glory. After waiting 20 minutes (!) at the bar for a drink I asked my bartender if it was normally like this. Absolutely not is the answer. So expect it to be more low key, but if Filthy's was interested they could make it as a destination music venue, they've got the space for it. There's no smoking inside and from the signs posted everywhere it's not allowed in the backyard patio either. But on the night I went they were letting people smoke out there, but usually you might be restricted to outside the front doors. When you open a tab they swipe your card and give it back to you right away, I guess they store the information in the computer. They had two golf video games...guess that's Florida for you. Laser lights on the dance floor. There's a jukebox, and for some reason they decided to play awful stuff in-between the sets of the bands that didn't really suit the music everyone had come to see. Play to your crowd Filthy's! When you go outside to the patio the pipe the jukebox music out- not what the band is playing, which made absolutely no sense to me. They also advertized that the show started at 8, but didn't mention that they had two other bands opening for Badfish, who actually didn't start till 11. It ended up being fine, the other bands played original music and were pretty good, and by the time Badfish went on the dancefloor was packed with drunkards. Everyone there was friendly and I struck up conversations with a lot of strangers and the bartenders were also friendly and attentive. I had a really fun night and would recommend this place to anyone looking for a break from the old folks.
I'm on the fence about this one so will be brutally honest. I gave this place 4 stars instead of three because the bartender was great. This is a dive. It is dark and smokey with out dated furnishings but from what I see and have been told a great place to watch a live show. I has been told to me that there are occasional disagreements between patrons that usually wind up being entertaining themselves. Great prices great beer and very good bar tending.
I've never been when there is a show. I enjoy stopping in for a drink and playing cornhole. Friendly bartender. Somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. Great escape from wrinkletown.
Pros: Lots of room to sit/walk around. There's a stage area, but haven't checked out a band there yet. Lots of beers on tap. Quite a few TV's if you want to check out a game. Demographic tends to skew to the 20-somethings crowd. Cons: Lets patrons smoke inside (a big negative for me)
This is the rockin'est dive Vero Beach has to offer!!  Great staff, great bands and the biggest beer mug around. :)
Pretty decent venue for Vero Beach. I didn't expect so many people to fit into a small venue, but they did, and the cars filled actually every surrounding parking lot. I caught the tail-end of a ska band here,and I have to say the crowd was an eclectic mix, so if you just want to go out and check out some new music in Vero, you won't feel out of place going to a show at Filthy's.  the sound quality was on-par for the venue size and filled the space nicely. If you want to be that guy that watches a TV while a live show rages, if I recall there are several flat screens posted up, so you can be antisocial and just ignore the world around you.... Bar pricing was on par ($ 2.0 PBR tall boy), and the bartender was excellent at working the rounds, especially since it was packed. I would say if you're in Vero and there's a show going on at Filthy's, check it out, you more than likely will have a great time.
dive bar with a strange mix of people...
