Awesome place to eat. All outdoor seating and live music there too! Our waitress was very friendly and quick to bring what we ordered. There were outdoor games to entertain my nieces and nephews and yuengling on tap to entertain me! The fish tacos were amazing and very delicious!! The chips and salsa were okay, a little stale and not much flavor or spice to the salsa but the fish tacos made up for it! The owner even stopped by and talked with us and shared a story of how he had just gotten bit by a shark two weeks earlier in the ocean. What's even crazier is that it's happened to him twice!! Very nice guy! Great place to relax and enjoy a meal and drinks.
Great atmosphere :) Food was pretty good too. This would be a great place to just hang out and have a few drinks with friends.
Great atmosphere, interesting location...you can't actually see any water from this Beach Cafe.   Apart from that, the folks were very friendly.  My wife had a couple of very good fish tacos and my daughter had a great hamburger.  She said she couldn't eat her french fries because they were burnt...I loved them, they were crunchy!! I asked the waiter if the turkey was fresh and to quote him, "it's fresh, ground turkey."  I ordered it along with some black beans and rice.  The turkey burger was NOT a turkey burger...it has corn, black beans and onions mixed into the turkey...it was turkey meatloaf!  Flavor was very wierd.  The black beans and rice was exactly that...with no juice and limited dressings.  Sodas tasted wierd too...the local water is the problem. I would give them a 2nd chance when we come back.
Best filet Tacos!!! We love this place, and visit often. Great staff, good t-shirts, not those cheap ones. Haven't had a bad meal there yet. Bring your dog, if he's well behaved.
This is the quintessential beach bar in Jensen Beach. The owners raise the bar on several local dishes, and have a great selection of Kona Brewery Beer on tap in in bottles. The restaurant is completely outside, so this is a great place to stop on your way out and way back from the beach.
I have to downgrade! One visit entailed poor service. The waitress didn't check on us at all. Another visit the food took so long that we got up to leave.  As we were getting up the food arrived.
I have been here twice and both times have had a spectacular experience from the service and food. I think they try to be unique because there are other beach cafe on Jensen beach that are in competition with each other so I will give them kudos for being different. My crew and I do our best to stay away from fried, oily food and this place has helped to accommodate our eating needs. If you know how to pick the right foods from the menu, you will not feel bloated or sick after eating too much. We got the chili beans with pita chips and grilled chicken fingers to start off with a pitcher of fruity Sangria. For our meals, we ordered fish tacos with sides of salad and all came with black beans. My crew and I were very impressed and satisfied. The waiter was very sweet and helpful. He did walk away too quickly many times and I think it would help allieviate his feet if he waited for us to say everything at once instead of one at a time. We sat outside underneath the umbrellas and enjoyed the cool breeze in the afternoon. Dog-friendly and the people who are dog lovers are nice to each other. I say that because there were some crazy old ladies that made a big deal out of almost everything they felt they needed to complain about even when my boys smoked their cigars. Anyways, great food, small parking lot. If your tab is over $100, your waiter will give you a $10 Kona Beach gift card to use for your next visit. We will come back regardless of the gift card.
This is the perfect beach life cafe. The owner and staff are both friendly and attentive. The local cat "ginger" sat atop our fire pit table in the sun. With Kona beer on tap we ordered the Ahi fish tacos with cucumber, rice, avocado, and wasabi sauce. There is also a live band in the evening which I have yet to experience. All in all the food was amazing and the atmosphere will keep us coming back every time we are in town.
Good food, relaxing atmosphere, good service. We had the ahi salad and huli huli chicken. Finished it off with key lime pie.
When you first see the menu, you might think that this is just bar food, with burgers and fish tacos. But, once you've tasted the incredible fish tacos, you will realize it is far beyond bar food. I had the Hawaiian tacos, with Mahi, cabbage, carrots, scallions and a special sauce. It was awesome. I wish that we had discovered Kona earlier in the week of vacation so I could try the other well-thought-out varieties. The black beans and rice was a big hit with our crowd. We kept ordering more side orders because they were so good. The one downside...everything at Kona is open air. Many of the tables have a roof above them, but on rainy days, they need to squeeze the tables together under the roof.
SO GOOD! started with pineapple fritters, savory little battered & fried nuggets with pineapple - think conch fritter without the conch, but with a hint of sweetness. i had the taco dinner with a grilled shrimp taco and a mahi taco, these suckers were big, and packed with perfectly grilled shrimp and fish. the dinner came with a side of salad (served on the plate) and rice & black beans. everything was fresh, seasoned nicely, perfectly cooked. finished with a sliver of key lime pie, and it was nice and tart (like key lime pie should be). this is a great casual place to relax, enjoy the patio seating, and appreciate quality prepared fresh foods!
Great tacos!! Highly Recommended cute little laid back key west style Outdoor eatery. Corn hole in the back to play, there's live music sometimes as well. Cute and pretty cheap. Waitresses were unattentive- only reason for the four stars. They really have a great menu and food and ambiance. Dogs are allowed too. You can even eat at a firepit! Owners friendly and is sure to introduce himself every time.
This was a great experience! I had a delicious burger with avocado, cheese and chipotle mayo. I chose to have it with the sweet potato fries! So good!! (The chipotle mayo has a kick to it... I would consider it medium heat.) My husband had a grilled chicken sandwich, he said it was good. I didn't try it because I was too busy devouring my burger... but his did look good too. We also had the cali cheese fries.  The cheese is a mix of shredded and nacho sauce. Our server said it was sinful. She was correct!! Sinfully delightful!! The service was great. The owner came over and chatted with us about the neighborhood and her history. Very friendly! The live music was great too. Perfect atmosphere. We went as the sun was almost down and the temperature was comfortable.  We were a bit hesitant about it being too hot, but not at all.
This is one of the best restaurants anywhere and the exact reason I love visiting beach towns!  The super laid back atmosphere is complimented with a creative menu that has multiple healthy options, all made to order.  The staff is extremely welcoming, and had terrific recommendations.  Can't wait to return to relax around one of the fire pits, and enjoy some live music.  This is exactly what a restaurant experience should be!!
What an awesome place. Amazingly acceptable to the disfunctional locals but also caters to the tourist. U gotta try any of the import drafts.  Friendly staff that's aims to please no matter how busy they are.
Definitely has the Key West vibe going on. Fun place. We just don't get the bad reviews. Temper your expectations for the location!
Came here on a rainy Sunday with my wife. We had a specific hunger for a burger. She got the Monterrey and I got the San Diego burgers. A solid burger experience. The burgers were cooked properly. Hers medium, mine medium rare. That is a test for a meat serving place..they must know how to cook meat. We had a fish dip and brisket appetizer. It was solid. It's a place I'll come back and visit. If I could give half stars I would bump up the rated.
The Hawaiian chicken tacos were amazing! And my parents ordered the mahi tacos blackened and they loved it! Amazing service and ambiance, highly recommend if you're looking a great food and a chill vibe
Relaxing, fun, mellow, tiki bar with great owners who never pass the table without stopping to chat:) great beer and the poke is my favorite while my husband likes the burgers. Consistent food and atmosphere!
Cool atmosphere, great service, delightful area, what could be better?  Delicious Food!  I had nachos, gluten-free.  Very awesome!
Tall wine pour, friendly bartender and waitress, attentive owner, casual laid back atmosphere.  Everyone having a good time.  They have fire pits you can sit around to stay warm.  Fish dip and cocunut shrimp we enjoyed.  Also nice selection of salad dressings.
Our first visit left us disappointed having flame "burnt" burgers. Good continual reviews and the great atmosphere prompted us to give it another try. Good choice! The Mahi lunch special and the seared Ahi tacos were both very good. Attentive service is also a plus.
The best part of the bar was the owner.  We came in for a beer and they have a sweet bar in the back that is outdoors, but it started pouring on us.  The owner invited us into the actual kitchen area(since its an open bar) and let us sit inside and hang out so that we didn't get wet.  The waitress/bartender was SUPER nice and everyone seemed like a lot of fun.  There was live music which was nice and the atmosphere was great.  We would definitely come here again.
So disappointed after the great reviews! Brought the hubby and the kiddos for some casual finger food after a full day of fun in the sun and surf, and thought we had hit a winner here... Not exactly. It was crowded, which is normally a good sign.  We were seated right away, but at a table in the corner under a tree where two of our four chairs were covered in bird poop. Yuck. No offer to do anything about that, and it was VERY obvious. Kona Beach Cafe is dog friendly, which didn't bother us in and of itself, but sometimes can be a pain when you didn't have the most well behaved dog over at the next table (like we did.) If you are afraid of dogs, fair warning that you may be seated next to one here.  There were several on our visit. Food came out verrrrrrrry slow. Like 40 minutes just for the appetizers. No warning from the server either. Pineapple fritters rocked, but EVERYTHING else we had was just ok. My youngest pee wee ordered a hamburger, medium. When it finally came about an hour after the appetizer, it was charred, almost beyond recognition. Read my other reviews.  I RARELY complain about the food. This was awful.  He ended up eating off our plates instead. Fish tacos were just OK. Nachos were average.The deep fried hot dog wasn't even fried. When we asked about it (thinking we might have someone else's food) the server said, yeah, we thought we would just get your food out since the kitchen was so backed up. Uh, ok. My hubby ordered the deep fried hot dog because he was intrigued, and didn't want a regular hotdog dressed the same way because the kitchen was backed up. Okaaay. He ate it anyway, and told me that we do better at home. We never complained, since they seemed to be so stressed and busy, although most folks were just eating nibbles and drinking. It was a weekday night, there was a band and they did have the firepits going. The ambiance was nice without seeming like a place that we shouldn't have our kids. All the seating is outdoors, and there were quite a variety of people there. You can imagine our confusion when our waiter said that he was taking off for the evening after our appetizers, and that he was handing us off to another server. Two hours later, he was still there, fraternizing with other customers and working.  Considering that we had poopy chairs, slow service, some bad and wrong food and had never complained, we felt a little put off. Not the experience that everyone else seems to have had here.  So disappointing.
Nice, relaxing vibe with good food and great service. The owners are really friendly. The place is clean, which is always a plus.  Being there makes me feel like I'm on the beach!  Food is simple and good - great hot dogs and amazing fish tacos.  Good beer options too.  Try the pineapple fritters.
Awesome food. Awesome people. Just maybe a bigger menu would make me happier
Great service and atmosphere at this little spot in Jensen Beach.  I would recommend the pinapple fritters and the fish taco's.
Always good, angus beef burgers, excellent fish tacos. Beer menu is expanding to microbrews, a great start. Dogs are welcome so place is very relaxed, entirely outside.
Will NEVER go here again. My friend and I drove by going to the beach around lunch time and decided to go around 5 for dinner with a few others thinking it looks like a cool little place. We get there not waitress around for a good 5-7 minutes, she had no idea how to make the drinks that we wanted, so we gave her the recipe and was like oh we don't have that we just got our liquor license. We where like ok how in the world a bar be opened and not have simple liquor.  We ordered a full serving of beef nachos for the 4 of us and a few small cesar salads. The nachos where AWFUL, the beef tasted like it was old and had no flavor to it what so ever, the chips where stale, had no black beans like it said it should have had, there was an extreme overload of cheese, almost no tomatoes made 6 pieces or black olives. The cesar salads where ok. The dressing was good and the croutons where nice an crunchy but for roman lettuce looked more like iceberg lettuce. In the mean time we are waiting for our waitress to let her know but she was too busy smoking a cigarette behind the bar then finally she comes around and we told her that the nachos where awful and she told us she couldn't take it off the bill because it was made with angus beef. I'm sorry but that was no angus beef. You best believe that it came off the bill. I promise you this we will NEVER go there again.
Here's another great find in Jensen Beach. We love the Tiki Bar atmosphere. My wife's half- portion nachos was bigger than most full orders and loaded with toppings. I had the Monterrey Burger. The burger was nicely charred and the spicy avocado topping was delicious...I thought I'd stop halfway through but I couldn't stop. The sweet potato fries were the BEST I ever had!
Pineapple Fritters.  Delish.  Fish Tacos.  Muy Bueno.
We love this place! The tacos are amazing, the Mahi lunch special is always delicious. A little pricey but well worth it!
As a "local" , I can say that Kona Beach Cafe is the best casual dining place in the area. Fish & Chips are great. The menu offers a good variety, the staff is very friendly, the old Florida atmosphere is great.
I'm not exactly sure how I happened to stumble upon this place, but when I did, I fell in love. Super cute beach feel with beautiful trees in the middle of the restaurant with several different places to sit. I loved it so much, I went twice this weekend. The first time, I had the ribs which were delicious; hubby had the Philly cheese which he loved. The day after we went for a beer tasting and to watch the live bands. I'd definitely recommend it!
Worst dining experience i've had in years.  And to think i passed over several good eateries nearby on recommendation!  Despite my telling server that i was on a time limit, it took over an hour to get served two salads!  i also ordered an appetizer but that was forgotten!  They claimed it was from being slammed but half the seats were empty!  Then they failed to return my credit card and since i was in a rush (nearly had to box my meal), i forgot it. i live over three hours away so i can't return for it and they won't mail it to me for "security reasons."  Thanx for making my trip to Jensen Beach unforgettable! As far as claiming i didn't even go to your place, why would i call, describe my card, be able to give the name, exact date and time i left it, where i was seated,etc, if i was trying to "steal" a card?  i could even give you the card number, security code and expiration date!  But you still wouldn't mail it or allow my agent to pick it up.  That's what i mean by poor customer service.  My server felt so bad for my wait that he asked you to comp me 50% but you wouldn't even do that!  i'm a small business owner too but at least i know when i screw up, it's better to make it right than to deny that there is a problem!
the food was cold, the server incompetent, the owner walking around drunk making a fool out of himself. We have eaten here before and gave it a second try. We will never recommend this place! Train is LOUD, music ok, food sub standard and parking is a nightmare just like our last experience. Oh, the owner gets off on writing snide comments about people who HONESTLY review the truth.
Fantastic place. Good food, music, great service.
My husband and my two children recently ate here on a Sunday and it was a happy, fun and relaxing place to eat!  From the second we walked in we were greeted with a smile and while finishing the owner (I'm assuming), came by to say hello!  GREAT Customer Service!  My husband and both I ordered the fish tacos which were the best I've had in awhile.  Only complaint is they serve black beans on the side as well in the tacos, so it was overload but I didn't mind cause I love black beans.  My kids were happy with their meal, chicken strips and fries.  But........YOU HAVE TO TRY THE FANTANA BANANNA (I think that was the name).  WOW!!  Just amazing!  Next time we're in Jensen, will be there again for sure!
Great spot for locals and travelers alike in Jensen Beach. Order both Janny Elles fish tacos and the Ahi tuna fish tacos...my family simply cannot choose a favorite. Another must are the pineapple fritters. Now that Frank and Jan have opened "the Outback" family friendly games fill the yard, making dinner a fun event.
This 5 star review has to be taken in context, Kona is an out-door experience, so if being outside is not for you, you might not agree with my 5 star review. I give Kona 5 stars for the friendly staff, and owner, who focus on customer satisfaction to the max. The food, while not having a very large listing of items, each that they do have, will be the best. The food is fresh, and tasty. Anything that should be hot, comes to your table hot. Each time we went, the items we liked got better. Who would think that we're possible. Someone is paying attention to the smallest details. It is those small details that separate the average, from the above average.. The beer mugs are frosty cold, the assortment of beers on tap is awesome. They bring in specialty beers on tap, so for the beer lover, you will have some choices that you won't find everywhere. Kona has an ear for good music, each band that plays at Kona is far above average for sounding great. We frequent Kona on Saturday nights, and occasionally Friday, or Sunday if we have a long weekend. Kona does not look very big from the front, but walk to the rear and find two more buildings, and a huge backyard.  Most of the tables have some cover above, so you won't feel any rain. Some of the tables that are further out have fire pits. There is a place for children to play, and we have seen children playing there most times. So Kona is a family destination, or not. Bring the children or leave them home,  the level of enjoyment will be the same.  I suggest your first visit should be Saturday night, so you can hear the great music of Dockstreet, otherwise known as Dan and Leslie. They are fantastic musicians , and singers.
My wife and I recently visited Kona Beach Cafe for dinner. It was a mid week visit, and honestly expectations were not that high. We were pleasantly surprised! It is an outdoor restaurant- but that shouldn't deter anyone. They have plenty of canopy cover in case of rain. Anyway, on to the service, and the food.  Our arrival was greeted by a young man who made us feel comfortable right off. There were other waitress's that seemed to work well together with our waiter, and our service was impeccable! I kept thinking- this is a beach bar that sells food. But when we received our dinners, then, I realized this was a beach bar with a Chef. I think I was told his name was Rob, but I might be mistaken with the name. Kudos to him! Our waiter told us the owner created all of the menu items himself. I consciously made note of the dinners on the adjacent tables to see if they were as attractive as the ones on our table. Presentation seems to be consistently top notch at this restaurant- at least it was this night. We've been to many restaurants from Palm Beach to Vero, and some supposedly 'high end' restaurants that just didn't impress us with their food.  This place did. This chef did. FYI, we had the Mahi tacos and the Ahi Tuna tacos. And the beer is cheap which makes it even better!
Amazing!  Went last night with friends in town visiting.   Blackened fish tacos- deelish!!!  Lovely live music duo added to the tropical outside setting.  Great service...  What a hidden gem....  Great beer selections too!  Doing things right!
This place is such a great find in Jensen Beach! I'm not sure if there's anything better than returning from the beach, having a cold beer, and indulging in delicious seafood. What I liked most about Kona is the outdoor seating and decor. I think it's really unique! There are a lot of tables to choose from and all of them are in the cool shade. When we came for lunch, my husband and I were greeted warmly and quickly by the host and our server. We ordered the Pupu Platter, which featured coconut shrimp, jalapeño/shrimp poppers, and pineapple fritters - I promise you it was exactly as good as it sounds. I ordered the Tuna Poké dish, served with light, airy chips, a generous portion of avocado and fresh tomato, and a spicy, creamy sauce. It was so good! Even though it was classified as an appetizer, the portion was large enough for sharing. My husband ordered Blackened Mahi, served on a bed of white rice and seasoned to perfection! It was slightly spicy, which we both enjoyed. I think if we could have eaten more, we would have! The service was so courteous and the food was simply excellent. Fair prices, too. I'll definitely go back!
The owner comes around and checks on tables after he downs a few shots. He was wondering around the place making racist comments. We were at least hoping to have some good food out of this extremely uncomfortable situation but the "ahi" tuna was cooked well-done instead of lightly seared. Definitely not sushi grade tuna either. Very disappointed with the service and food.
Food was pretty good, especially the fish tacos.  Curry tacos were the best. Neat decor and activity section good for the kids.  Ring game and bag toss. Bands and trivia occurs often. However, the service was really slow - to the point where we would consider not returning.
Worst service ever!!! Stay away!!! Rude staff. We were basically treated like second class citizens because we had a dog with us. Left without ordering food since it too forever to just get drinks!!!
The first thing you notice when you walk in, is that it has a Florida Keys kinda feel with the large Tiki bar in the front, then you make your way into the covered open aired court yard with seating for diners then into The Outback where you will find another covered open air bar and seating for diners as well!!! The whole place is decorated with beach a type feel and tropical type plants to give it a secluded private feel as well. The food and service is great as well, I highly recommend the Luau pulled pork sandwich, it comes with enough seasoned fries for 2 people and a side of coleslaw, also the pineapple fritters are the bomb!!! Please do your self a favor and check this place out!!!!
OMG! Amazing Nada Meatball sandwich! It's advertised as such on the menu, and it delivers. Along with the best fries hot wife and I have ever had! Great, friendly staff, good beer selection with a great atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and stop in. I just can't believe it took us so long try this place. Great selection for vegetarians!
Warmth felt when greeted.... Cute environment....... ... unfortunately,the meals did not do any justice. After driving by the restaurant for two years, I will not return. I should have gone to Flanigans that night @ Stuart.....
Great place. Cannot beat the relaxed vibe and cheerful service. Filet tacos were amazing, as were the shrimp curry ones. The blackened hawaiian left something to be desired. They were ok but the cole slaw overpowered the pineapple so that you couldn't even taste it. Would love for them to do them with just raw cabbage, pineapple and cucumbers cause the blackened spices were spot on. Also, best plantains i have had this side of the kioskos of Puerto Rico. Not sickeningly sweet and grease-soaked like most places. Dessert on a plate. Definitely will be back!
Really enjoyed this place! Great service and nice atmosphere. Ordered the fish tacos, the filet tacos and the seafood platter. Best meal we've had at Jensen beach so far!
This little cabana is a surprise in hospitality and a relaxing afternoon get away. The food is all relatively good nothing jumps out as amazing but it is all good. The shrimp tacos are probably one of my favorites but the marinated chicken appetizer is very delicious as well. I am a major fan of the waitresses, everyone that waits on us is amazing, funny, personable and a prompt representation of Kona. The other few drawbacks are the owners standing around drinking sometimes, and the Cafe's recent events serving shark in very very poor taste. Might not always agree with the ownership but the experience the waitresses provide is enough for me to consider the cafe for a lunch time get away.
Girlfriend and I came here for dinner while we were staying in Stuart near the beach. Decision was based off wanting seafood and  Yelp. Turned out to be a good surprise. Waiter and staff were extremely helpful and worked well in a team attending customers and providing service. Very knowledgeable of the specials and menu. I ordered nothing out of these world I was in the mood for french fries and fish. I had fried dolphin, it's hard to distinguish fish when it's fried unless you've eaten different types and know the flavors and know when it's fresh or not. This was fresh fish and had good flavor. The oil was also nice a golden and so where the fries. Made sure I had lemon for the fish and ketchup and BBQ for the fries. Good overall experience. If I am in the area again I'll stop by.
Cool little outdoor bar/restaurant.  The have multiple bars and seating areas.   The place is run by a local surfer guy from what I understand.   The night we were there they were showing surf videos in a projector.  It was a pretty cool vibe.  Seemed like all the locals surfers showed up to watch the movie.   I would say way from the cheese covered sweet potato fries.  They are drowned on cheese sauce.   The nachos were pretty good.  It sounded like the Ahi tacos are the main draw.  I think they are like sushi tacos though.   The waitress made a point to say that they are "sushi grade" tuna.  And judging by the photos on here it looks like they have very little of and sear on them.   There are not a whole lot of places in downtown Jenson Beach, and this is definitely in of the better ones of you are looking for a chill place to hang out.
Hubby and I went to dinner here for the first time recently. I loved it! It was so much fun. The ambiance is so tropical and laid back. I loved the live bank, he was awesome! And the food was delish, so was the wine :) This is a great place to stop off and have a quick bite after the beach, or any other time for that matter. We will definitely be back!!
I came here for a late dinner and was pretty pleased overall with my experience here. I had the Black Angus Cheeseburger and it was absolutely delicious. Very good portion of fries, the burger was very well seasoned and cooked. Very laid back environment and close to the beach!
i was really excited to come here this weekend, had passed by several times and saw the place was kinda packed.  So finally had the chance to come in on sunday afternoon but was quite disappointed with the service and the food.  The music was pretty good, the guy playing sang some good tunes. When we first got there had to find a waiter to sit me as no one was around.  Then finally a waitress came by and asked us if we were being helped and she took our drink order.  The waiter rolled around like 10 minutes later to make an appearance.  He took our orders i had the mahi tacos which were okay but the rice and beans had absolutely NO FLAVOR!! my husband ordered the mexican burger and that was a little better to say the least.   Next time i come to jensen beach i definitely will not be coming here. Sorry.
Prices are a little high for the style of food you get, but the atmosphere is what it's all about.
Felt like we were in the Keys! Food was delicious & very friendly service! Loved the Sweet Potato Fries!!
Such a great little bar/cafe environment. The Ahi fish tacos are the best fish taco's I've ever eaten. Literally. If you like sushi, you'll LOVE these. The drinks are great! Also try the crab jalepeno poppers! Pretty good! Nice atmosphere; I make sure to stop here every time I'm in Florida!
We don't have lots of restaurants in Jensen that you can write home about, but the Kona is fun and beachy and dog friendly.  All high on my list. The food is good, not 5 star, but good....so far anyway because this newcomer is going to go back often.
Cute spot! We were there for lunch, but I'm sure Happy Hours are fun with live entertainment. They even have a guy who's job it is to make you comfortable in the heat as he relocates fans to diners. Tuna tacos have horseradish on them, though it doesn't specify on the menu. They were good if you like horseradish. Chicken sticks are tasty and juicy! Don't forget to order some French Fries for Frenchie, the squirrel. And be sure you have an extra seat at your table for her or she'll be on your lap!
Pineapple fritters are good. Had Ahi Tuna taco & it was cold & bland. I will usually send unsatisfactory items back but I had to wait 25 mins for the first one!!  They had only 5 tables in house during our time there. Our waitress was sweet but a bit loopy. Nice atmosphere except that smoking is allowed which does not help the mediocre food taste better. Prices are way too high!
This is the second time I've been to the Kona Beach Cafe, and both times the food was excellent. We were there for lunch and most of us ordered different fish tacos. Everyone said they really enjoyed their meal. I had the Seared Ahi Tuna taco and it was very good. The tuna was just seared on the outside and raw in the middle (the way it should be), and was served with a wasabi cream sauce and pickled cucumbers. Sounds a little strange for a taco but it was a great combination. Almost like a sushi taco. The atmosphere is laid back and definitely makes you feel like you are close to the beach. I will go to this place every time I am around Jensen Beach area.
I am an adventurer.  I like to try new places all of the time.   Consequently, when my time is limited, I usually will not go to the same place twice.  I went here twice, and would go again, given the opportunity. Laid back and fun atmosphere. Pineapple Fritters are GOOD. Fire Pit = double win. Fish tacos, Asian style. Intense, complex flavors for a bar. Sweet Potato fries are win. Do it.  Just go.  Embrace the hang loose vibe.
