The location could not be any better. Me & my girlfriends decided to check this place out when the weather turned bad at the beach. Oceanfront locale is amazing. The staff was very friendly. Food was decent. I had the lobster mac & cheese, one friend had the wings & she said they were good but the crab cakes were served room temp, should have been served hot. We will most Def go back. We hear they have live music Fri & Saturdays. This is a great destination spot at the beach
The inlet pasta dish was tasty but not worth $20 and the scallop risotto @26 most certainly was not worth the $they charged!!! I know the server had another party but. Man slow wasnt the word!! Just hope her excuse is she was new! Never coming back here. Menu is also very very limited
We've been there before, but it was before their kitchen was done and they didn't have many food options. My parents were in town for the day and I'd read that their kitchen was up and running so we figured we'd try it. They had live music outside (which was so-so) but we went inside. It took several minutes for anyone to notice that we'd entered. No one greeted us when we came in, so we grabbed some menus and looked them over until the bartender noticed us and said we could sit wherever we wanted. The menu looked ok, so we sat. Our server was very friendly and accommodating. We got our drinks right away and started with the Buffalo Gator Tail appetizer. When it arrived at the table, it looked like boneless chicken wings...so the pieces were pretty big. Lots of breading, very fishy, not much "buffalo" flavor and chewy. Not a great start. My mother and I both got the house salad and the crab cake appetizers. The salads were good...way too much chopped onion though. The crab cakes were good...lots of crab meat, very little filler, but also very little seasoning. The corn salsa on top was nice, the remoulade underneath was tasty. My dad got a cheeseburger with fries. Burger was bland and overcooked and the fries were the less expensive (clearly) coated fries. He was disappointed. My boyfriend got a hot Italian pannini. They failed to cut the casing off the meat before they cooked it, and he started eating it before he noticed...so that wasn't great. Also, the bread was burned...not great. Overall the reception was lukewarm, the table service was great, the food was so-so.   I know the menu is new and the kitchen is newly licensed and opened...but it seems that the chefs are inexperienced also.  For what we paid...it wasn't worth it. I hope they work the kinks out because there are three other places right next door that are really good. It'll be awhile before we go back.  If I could give 2 1/2 stars for mediocre... I would.
I won't go back because they didn't pay their musical opening act the night I went. I went to the Inlet for a friends birthday. She had asked that those of us who wanted to celebrate with her come to The Inlet to see her son's band, who was opening for another band, whom we had no interest in seeing at all. So because this was a friend of a friend who I wanted to get to know a little better as a person, and her birthday, I bought 2 tickets to the event and another friend and I went to support her son's band and to see her and her boyfriend, spend the evening with her and have something to eat together. It was a pleasant evening for the most part, the food was decent. I only ordered conch fritters and steamers, both were a bit on the pricey side but both tasted good. I actually thought they did a great job on the conch fritters. My bill for that plus a coke and a club soda came to about $40 w/ tip. So that's pricey to me for 2 appetizers and 2 non alcoholic beverages. But that would have been fine except that 85% of the way through their set, I saw one of the managers or some boss from The Inlet run up to the lead singer from the band we were there to see telling him no cussing was allowed from the band on stage. This is supposed to be a live music venue for a rap/rock band and he's telling the guy his neighbors have called and he's not allowed to cuss and to cut off the set. So they effectively ended our show early because that's who we were there to see. Maybe it was 70 % over, I really don't know. But that still would have been ok, except the next day, I got a facebook message that The Inlet refused to pay them for appearing. After driving up from Ft Lauderdale, performing, bringing in the bulk of the people who were there early eating and spending money, these people would not pay the band for appearing after ending their set early. That to me is unacceptable. The company they sell their venue tickets through, ticketfly, will not issue a refund, I'm trying to get one through my credit card company, after which I will donate every cent I get back to the band as I know the mom of the guitar player. I think it is horrible to rip off a band like that and I would not go there simply because it is not good business to rip off a band that was contracted to come up and play for them. We came only to see them and left after they cut out. We didn't complain when the inlet cut them off early because of their neighbors. We all who came to see them were there early buying food and spending money. On a rainy night we were virtually the only people there spending money at all and to not pay the band responsible for any money coming in at all is just ridiculous. To top it off the headliner band is a one hit rap band that assuredly will be cussing up a storm when they go on, so I wasn't there to see how that turned out. I did like the food so to be honest I won't lie about that and the waitress was on point with me, but I won't go back even though I had intended to until and unless I here that they have made this right. I'm very disappointed and I go to the jetty often, had ordered to go food before, but there are several places in the area I won't spend a nickel there again since they mistreat bands who aren't in a position to stand up for themselves.
Next to The Jetty and Hurricane Grill and Wings. I came to the Inlet Grille because I heard word-of-mouth that it was a great place to wine down and chill by the beach. Good scenery, cool bikes, nice live band playing tasteful music, and sweet bartender. Those were the only good things. Servers? Meh. I am starting to believe that I came here on the wrong day/evening because based on the food and other reviews, this place looked worth trying. So, here are my complaints: the service was not appropriate, the rum was so-so, and their selection of wine was below average. I ordered a drink and took a bench to sit by the kitchen. Servers walked by and didn't even acknowledge my presence being there or asked how I was doing, if I wanted to order food, or one of those usual lines. I guess they do not do that here. I may give them another chance to better my experience here.
The freshest seafood I've had in the Treasure Coast since 2004 BY FAR!  A friendly staff and always an eclectic music venue. You guys are doing something right!! It's been busier and more enjoyable each time we go back. Always look forward to the next return!
The location of this beach bar & grille is amazing.   Please these guys a chance and remember this is a BEACH bar and grille.  It is not a fancy place, it is laid back and fun - beach bar & grille mission accomplished!! We had an employee party there last night.   They arranged a delicious buffet and wonderful drinks.   My team and their families had such a wonderful time.   The live music, both indoors and out, was wonderful.   The manager and staff were attentive, sweet, and caring.  They went out of their way to take care of everyone at the party.   The prices were very reasonable and expected for any business located at the beach. There are plenty of tables to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful Florida sunshine, or a bar area inside if it rains.   The food is very good, and considering they've only had a kitchen for a few weeks I expect it will even get better.  The chef was excited to create our party for us and they did a wonderful job.   Sand in your toes, ocean air and great drinks.   Sweet staff and a wonderful manager.   It was a wonderful party and we so appreciate everyone at The Inlet for taking such good care of us!!!
Whoa...$12 for a chicken sandwich, which was the only option available when we stopped by. They're in perpetual renovation along with a lot of this area. Location is great. I recommend just going for a drink and enjoying the view of the jetty.
Currently they do not have a stove or microwave to cook the food.  So my party and I didn't eat anything.  The server said the burgers and the Fried Shrimp was good.  However, I didn't think that would be possible since they didn't have the ability to cook. They had a great live singer present. The servers were great and the atmosphere is excellent.  I'll try them in a few months.
I have gone here several times over the last year and have been increasingly disappointed in the entertainment, drink prices, staff and clientele. Last night was my last time to go. First I was hit with a $5 cover which I normally wouldn't mind, but the band was not a band worthy of a cover. Next was the $8.00 plus tip for a mixed drink. Then, the people there were a un-noteworthy collection of old drunks and rednecks. Topping it off was a flat refusal of the management to refund the $5 when I had been there all of 10 minutes. Will not return.
This place is in a really nice location, but it bills itself as a "beach bar". Which it is of course. For a beach bar, in my opinion, the food is very over priced. I had a cheeseburger & fries with water to drink. It was $13.50. With tax and tip it was $17! The burger was good, but it certainly wasn't that good. I don't think the place is bad...just overpriced. I don't think I'll go back.
Potential is super high. Service is terrible. Location is amazing. Outside seating is great. The live music is good. I look like I'm pushing 21 (on a really great day) but wasn't carded (actually 25). A happy hour absolute and cranberry and draft yuengling $10. Not such a great deal. They told us the wrong prices. Servers don't know the prices or menu yet. Chaos and a lengthy wait to get served for the first time. Will I be retuning? Probably not.
There are so many changes being made and everything improves daily! Happy Hour 11-7. Karaoke Tuesday nights. Beautiful upcoming Cedar Bar will be where we spend our time! If you haven't tried their Flatbreads or Paninis you need to! New kitchen coming soon! With Pelican Seafood the new menu coming soon will be exquisite! Keeping up the good work guys!
A much needed addition to Hutchinson Island! The staff is friendly and the drinks keep coming. We haven't tried the food yet, but the full bar kept us happy. No smoking in this place is a nice contrast to the Jetty (next door). We'll be back for sure!
This place is a joke. When I was there, none of the servers/bartenders knew the menu. Talked to the owner also. Mentioned that they should ID bc there was a lot of underaged kids drinking and he turned around and walked away from me without saying anything. Also drinks were way over priced. This place is ridiculous unless you're under 21
great place ...love the staff ... i go there a lot so i am real close to everyone there ...i read thru some of the comments below and it bothered me to see them ..the dates are all right when the place opened up ...i have been involved in opening a few resturants and bars and it usually takes a few months to work out all the kinks ...but how ever the inlet seems to be getting it together a lot faster than most places ..i enjoy the live entertainment they have on the weekends as well as the quiet time during the week..this place get 2 thumbs up and i urge everyone to give it  a try .... also try the frozen mango passion drink with a myers floater on top ....:)
Hey  alot of changes have been made since those previous reviews.They now have a professional security company carding prior to be admitted. They encourage families to come and enjoy the food and music prior to 10 pm, which is when is turns into more of a "club" atomosphere. I am in my 50s and have enjoyed several lunches and dinners there. The food, although limited menu, is very fresh and good. My husband and I have been there several times to enjoy the music and have a few drinks. Ft Pierce seriously needs a place like this and I wish them all the best in being successful. As far as the wait staff having trouble with the menu...give them a break..its a learning process and they have not been open that long. It is much better to be alittle patient and support our local business than to go to a chain establishment and get waited on immediately and rushed through your dinner. I encourage everyone to at least try this new establishment in Ft Pierce.
