This place is amazing.  Ric Orlando is a genius when it comes to the kitchen.  Every time I go there I enjoy it.  The atmosphere is great and the waiters are very friendly and they now how to describe the food very well.  I just love this place!
Really terrific fresh, flavorful fusion. This is a place to take out of town guests...
We hesitated to go the very first week of opening...but  were very, very happy with our experience. The place was packed on a Saturday night- reservations are essential. With an obviously well trained staff, it operated with great efficiency and expertise.The only downside for me,  was that some of the tables are very close together, namely the 2-tops, and it gets noisy. But we made friends with our neighbors and exchanged critiques, so it was fun. 'Love the menu and the choice of small plates - even tapas sized desserts...and all the eco-friendly options. You can eat  well , yet  inexpensively here, depending on what you order. Nothing is outrageously priced. A welcome change. Chef needs to discover the difference between a marrow bone that is filled with pure fat, and a true marrow bone with the brownish,  tasty, even nutritious stuff inside. Mine consisted of pure  fat, and were cold in the middle - meaning hard  bits of fat - not appealing to eat! It is served with tasty pumpernickel toast points. (FYI Staff -Real marrow bones by the way, are thinner and should be served with a cocktail fork.) 'Loved the boudin plate with white beans- delicious and filling. The boudin was thinly sliced and very delicate.  This could have been a meal in itself, but I was greedy to try alot of dishes. The calamari was tasty but so lightly battered, that it did not have any crunch to it. My husband's Ropa Vieja was delicious- tender beef brisket in a tasty tomato based  sauce with capers, and loads of black beans, kale, excellent sweet potato puree (you could taste lots of lemon) and fingerlings. Delicious crunchy, but over-salted hand cut steak fries.  Fresh, warm rolls come around as often as you please. The arugula salad was lovely and generous in size. Tossed in a light vinaigrette with roasted beets, bits of shaved manchego, and toasted sunflower seeds. Our neighbors free range chicken looked absolutely tempting and they raved about it.The mojito was a disappointment; next time I will try the fresh mango margarita.'Nice to know they use real juices instead of bar mixes. The house white (a Rene Barbier, Spain) for $5.00 per glass was absolutely fine, and what a great idea to offer to open any bottle if you have a minimum of 2 glasses. A wonderful option and perhaps a first. This is one smart Chef. My guy's Lemon Curd Shot was a nice, light way to end the filling meal. I had ice cream when I learned  it was from Emack and Bolio. The chocolate rivals Apian Way -which says a mouthful!! (4.5 stars until they fix the marrow bones!)
the hardest part about eating at this place was deciding what to order.  We sat outside and it was a beautiful night.  I had the blackened green beans which actually could have been my meal. Then I had the seafood bowl. It was delicious. A light cocnut curry sauce and fresh xeafood.  I'd go back to this place in a heartbeat - if I lived in Albany. totally lovely.
Went there on May 19, 2011 with a party of four. we were seated outside. Waitstaff were very attentive and friendly. Food was a seven on a scale of 1-10. Slightly overpriced but not so much that I would not go back there. I recommend this restaurant as a good night out.
I've lived in Albany for 10 years and this is the best food I've eaten here, hands down.  I had no idea this was actually a chain (?) before coming, but I was wow-ed.  From the refreshing decor, to the Albany-authentic super-knowledgeable and friendly wait staff, to the horizontal style menu.  The novelty factor alone was a huge breath of fresh air.  We didn't get a reservation and were seated immediately at around 6 on a Friday, but it was certainly not empty!  There were a good number of people at the bar, and the crowd overall seemed to be middle-aged professional. The place was full but you did not have to talk loud to hear each other. The food. All the refreshing novelty aside, I would not have reviewed NWBB if it were not for the perfect meal.  The menu was delightfully varied in its ingredients and options.  There is a list of daily specials that sounded equally delicious.  For apetizers we tried the cheese of the day and their smashed potatoes. delic!  For dinner, I got the pot roast (ropa vieja) which was hands down the best I've ever had ever.  No knife necessary as it just fell apart against my fork.  The plate also came with various accompaniments that I didn't originally think would go together, but i have to hand it to them, it all fit together perfectly.   My friend got the special for the night, a toasted sunflower seed encrusted mahi-mahi in a grapefruit sauce.  I am not even a big fish fan, but it was absolutely to die for. The house wine was good (a little sweet for my tastes) but otherwise i find it hard to criticize them.  Oh yea, its Delaware Ave- so it took us 15 minutes to find parking on the street. Otherwise, I am super excited about this place and cannot wait to go back!
As long time patrons of Justin's, especially during the days that Ric Orlando was at the helm, we were eager to try his new Albany restaurant, New World Bistro Bar.  Based on our visit there last night, we expect that fans of Justin's and New World Home Cooking will find New World Bistro Bar's flavors and fare very familiar.  Overall, I rate New World Bistro Bar a 3.9 out of 5 stars. We arrived at 5:15pm and found ten patrons already seated; the hostess advised that most of the tables were reserved but when we left around 6:30pm the quantity of diners had increased only by about ten people.  The outdoor dining area was vacant when we arrived and departed.  We were seated at a small table, adjacent to the door.  The full sun beaming through the window made it a bit warm but otherwise our seats were fine. We ordered within fifteen minutes of being seated and enjoyed a complimentary freshly baked roll and glasses of icy Albany tap water as we waited for our salads to arrive:  Caesar for me; Hudson Valley salad for my wife.  The Hudson Valley salad was a satisfying mixture of greens, apples, and nuts.  The Caesar salad was one of the best I ever had (bested only by the Caesar salad with Dungeness Crab from McCormick and Schmick's, San Francisco). Soon after completing our salads our entrees arrived:  yellow curry shrimp with noodles for me; flank steak with figs and shitake mushrooms for my wife.  The flank steak, an entrée special that night, was a generous portion, perfectly prepared and seasoned.  The accompanying mushroom and fig pan sauce was a perfect complement to the steak.  The curry shrimp with noodles was very good.  The five large shrimp were succulent and flavorful.  The noodles were a very good complement to the shrimp.  However, I found the dish to lack seasoning, overall.  There was a bit of heat and the sweetness of the coconut milk was obvious but that was it.  A bit of salt helped but this dish would be vastly improved by a broader, more diverse flavor profile.  Given this is a Ric Orlando recipe and preparation, I find it odd to make recommendation for adding seasoning to any Ric Orlando dish. $70 for salads, entrees, tax and tip. Food:           4 out of 5 stars Value:          3 out of 5 stars Service:       5 out of 5 stars Ambience:  3 out of 5 stars
Fantastic meal. Menu changes every season and the summer is by far the best. Great wine list and knowledgeable staff. Uses local foods. Im always impressed and continue to go here at least once a month.
I have been to this restaurant many times before and their sister restaurant, New World Cooking in Saugerties.  Last night my family and I went out for Mother's Day dinner.  A disappointment from the very beginning.  My daughter and I both ordered Mojitos.  When they came they were missing simple syrup and we had to send them back.  The bartender added the syrup and they were much too sweet. We sent those back. We had 2 appetizers, the blackened beans which are always great and fried calamari.  We waited quite a long time for dinner to come out and when it did my daughter's tuna ordered rare came out medium.  We had to catch the waiter as he did not come back to see how we were doing in a reasonable length of time.  At that point she decided not to wait for another meal to be prepared.  We did not quite understand why the kitchen would send out a meal that was not as ordered.  All in all we were disappointed, will be back but no time soon.  Too bad as this is one of our favorite restaurants in Albany.  But not great service, slow wait time (and we were there later in the evening when it was not as busy) and a meal ill prepared is not what you expect.
I hv been thinking of goin to this place for months now after reading some good reviews and the finally the day happened to be 09/22/11. I went with my friend and we both were little skeptical abt the place considering  the neighbourhood. If this was on Lark or pearl or on Central there wouldn't be any surprises but this is on Delaware ave which is bit far from the happening side (is there any :-)) of the city. Coming to the food part Blackened green beans - simply the hype nothing good/bad abt this. Just avg. fair Rope Vieja -  I ordered this blindly based on the reviews...was that great ? It's a beef curry. The appearance and taste is like lamb curry, having eaten in so many Indian restaurants for comparatively less price this is not a big hit for me, considering beef cheaper than lamb it should be priced around $10-$15 with less portion and I would have loved it. It's a huge portion for dinner which can be shared b/w two. Tuna steak - Loved it but again big portion. Can be shared. Other things to consider Drinks - Four beer sampler is a big hit for me. Ambience - Definitely upscale considering the neighbourhood. Service - A big thumbs up. Prices - beans $6, Rope vieja - $22, Tuna steak - $25 Total bill - $80 including tip for two Bottom line - Stick with 1 appetizer, 1 entree and 1 dessert to share for two. Best bet for the date night. This is the gem hiding in the shady part of the city. I give it  3.5 stars.
Great spot for delicious, fresh tasting dishes and cozy atmosphere. I keep telling myself to order something new, but I love the "Dirty Blonde BBQ Gulf Shrimp." Tastes mighty fresh and nice sweet-spicy-savory flavor combinations.
This is such a wonderful place! They have good sized portions and a separate vegan menu. The bread that they give you once you sit down is not vegan but they do have crackers that are vegan which they will replace upon request. The staff was very attentive, friendly and helpful and didn't have a problem answering our questions. The atmosphere is very relaxed and classy and the menu is very unique. The food is great quality! I recommend the seitan wings. They're not exactly like wings but are still very tasty. They also make a great mojito.
One of my new consistent Albany faves. Great lighting, quality food, ever-changing fresh menu and nice staff who doesn't bug you.  Nothing new but I like to sit in the bar area
So yummy...the red beet hummus was outstanding...the diver scallops delicious and the nutella chocolate mousse wonderful...Sara our server was lovely and Wally the busboy really cute if your 17 ;)...would totally go again
Great arugala salad.  And caesar salad.  Asparagus and fiddleheads when they were in season.  Great artichokes too.  And brussel sprouts. Great deviled eggs.  Great risotto. Love their scallops.  Love their big salads with the blackened chicken.  Their steak is wonderful.  And grass-fed.  And I don't eat a lot of steak.   I took one star off b/c their menu is huge and a lot of stuff isn't so good.  Their ropa vieja is not good.  A lot of their ceviches I found to be too spicy. Their burgers were good.  Their desserts suck though.
I've eaten at the Bistro three times so far. The first two times I was quite underwhelmed:  The first being a lunch date where I ordered a flatbread pizza off of the bar menu, and the second a disappointing brunch. Now, I won't go into details about either experience...they were anomalies.  They had to be.  Everyone raves about this place, so I went for dinner the other night for a third and (possibly) last attempt at enjoying myself at this well-touted establishment.   It was a home run.  Fantastic.  One of the best meals that I've had in Albany.   The menu, as other reviewers here have noted, is quite large and a bit difficult to navigate the first time around.  Take your time.  Have a beer or a cocktail.  Enjoy the ambiance (the rooms are nice) and peruse the menu.   Lots of vegetarian/vegan options as well as a lot of locally sourced ingredients abound.  Plenty of meat for the carnivore as well. There are a number of outstanding starter plates which could really make up a meal if you split a few between a couple of people.   Most dinner entrees can be ordered in a small or large portion.   My girlfriend had a large portion of the Ropa Vieja and it was so large that we SPLIT the leftovers for lunch the next day!   I had a crispy sea bass entree (a special that night) that was fantastic.   I can't wait to go back and try some more of the menu.
I've been here a couple times and always been happy with my experiences.  I took off one star for it being somewhat crowded and noisy at times and that the heat scale is a little off sometimes.  But overall, I really liked the food here.  I'm vegetarian, and there are also a lot of veggie friendly dishes on the menu...and not just stir fried veggies or sides.  They have things like seitan and tempeh on the menu.  :D  I will be visiting again soon.
Great food!  Soooo many vegetarian options.  (Beware the brussel sprout trio has bacon in it.)  Creative menu.  Only drawback, it's very loud during peak dining times.
By far the best meal I've had in Albany in the six months of living here - and four years of driving through.  To me they hit the perfect balance of atmosphere, waitstaff, food variety and food quality.  Sure, it's a little more pricey than some of your other ALB options, but it's well worth it.  They also have a great wine list with an excellent range of options for the price conscious. I had the seafood bowl, and the wife had a steak.  Both were flavorful, plentiful and beautifully presented.  We ordered one appetizer since we were both pretty hungry, and we both had leftovers to take home from our entrees. I'm looking forward to going many more times so I can try the specials as well as the regular items.   If only Albany could have a few more places like this maybe it wouldn't have such a terrible reputation.
Never order rice and beans with or without the tofu, no flavor dry ; service was almost non existence. Been there twice once for Mother's Day   (for the buffet )  now for  meals made to order both times disappointing . Will not be back any time soon or this  life time
This is my first written review of a restaurant and hopefully these will get better with time. I came to the New World Bistro Bar last week after finding a local foody blog and yelp.  The reviews made this sound like it would be well worth the time and I couldn't wait to go.  Unfortunately, I came out feeling that I should have liked the food more than I did.  However, the service was excellent and the patio table was wonderful on one of the first truly glorious afternoons of the summer in Albany. We arrived without reservations late in the afternoon.  They seated us at a table on the patio which I'd requested.  Our waitress quickly approached and turned out to be one of the pleasures of the dinner.  She came to the table very regularly to make sure everything was okay, was knowledgeable about all of the food, and was fun in a relaxed kind of way.  Actually all of the staff were very helpful and very attentive.  Everything was taken away when it was completed and I never found myself out of water. That was very pleasant because I can't eat without something to drink and I often end up waiting for someone to bring me a drink as my food grows cold and old. I quickly perused the menu and ordered myself one of the Forbidden Pleasure appetizers..  The Chile-Garlic Glazed Pork Belly with grilled leek salad had a glaze with just the right amount of spice for me to feel, but not too hot for the wimp in me to distaste.  Actually it was pretty heavenly.   The grilled leek salad was something I couldn't stop eating.  As someone who likes a very limited set of vegetables that says this is something special.  Unfortunately, while the pork belly was good, it was not quite as lucious as I would expect. We, Chris who accompanied me and I, moved on to a couple of fairly basic sounding entrees as we were still trying this place out for the first time and weren't sure how adventurous we should get.  Chris ordered the 8 oz Grassfed Sirloin Filet  Summer Steak Frites which is marinated and grilled, served with shallot-thyme butter, fries, broccoli rabes and grilled scallions. Chris' steak was cooked perfectly to the medium-rare that he ordered.  It was juicy and delicious, but was slightly marred by the overwhelmingly large hunk of shallot-thyme butter which never did manage to fully melt.  The fries were spiced, crispy and hot.  His brocolli rabes left a lot to be desired as they were limp and mushy.  I did enjoy his grilled scallion however.   I ordered one of the daily specials, Linquini with White Clam Sauce which included 6 clams in the shell.  When this is done well it is heaven on a plate, but it usually isn't.  This was one of the times where it wasn't done that well.  It was relatively bland and the 6 clams were slightly overcooked.   I was left looking longingly at the beef ribs being presented to the people at the next table over. As we were full we didn't move on to any of the desserts which all sounded great, but we did commit to ourselves to return in the future to eat one of the desserts prior to seeing a movie next door. While this didn't live up to some of the reviews I've read here before, all in all, I'd rate this good for the Albany area and the service pushed it up to a 4.  We will return in the future and try out some of the more adventurous sounding dishes.
I've been going here every other week or so since it opened.  Food is very interesting and delicious. The clientele are as eclectic as the menu and there is always a great atmosphere.  My favorite dishes include the crispy tofu, fried artichokes, and the pig belly.
Great food and great atmosphere.  Definitely come here again.  Price reflects quality.
Easily my favorite restaurant in the capital district.  Unique creative food, friendly staff and warm atmosphere.  I wouldn't call myself a picky eater, but I am picky about what I will call good food... and new world has great food.  I have never had anything there that was lacking at all.  They have a ton of vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free options.  When you ask for something spicy they actually make it spicy!  There are many small plates so you can sample a bunch of stuff.  I notice that a few people have commented on the service lacking, however that has not been my experience at all; I have only met friendly pleasant wait staff, hosts and bartenders.  I try to get out to New World at least once a month as they are always offering new stuff that I don't want to miss.
Always interesting food and wonderful staff. Highly recommended!
I have eaten dinner in this restaurant twice, eaten brunch once, and gotten take-out over 5 times. The meals are consistently great quality and flavor. The crepes at brunch were unbelievable. The desserts are excellent, they have a couple spicy chocolate combinations if that's your thing. After living in Albany for a year, after leaving the Bay Area in CA, I have struggled to find fresh, interesting,and delicious food- this place has it all. Their dishes are inventive and expertly prepared.
Best place in Albany! Always a good meal to be had. Staff is friendly.
I'd heard a lot of good things about NWB and was excited to finally see for myself what all the fuss was about. I was disappointed. The food is average, over priced and inconsistent. The Lobster ravioli was bland, tasteless and had hardly any filling. The Gulf Shrimp was overcooked and in general everything was too spicy. Its almost as if rather than trying to make the food tasty, they simply drench everything is spice. The sides were bland and cheap. Considering you're paying $22 for a meal, I expect more than Black beans and sweet potato. The service was slow, we waited over 1.5 hours for our main. When we told our waiter about the Lobster ravioli his response was "we've sold over 50 of them this weekend"... that doesn't mean its good. It simply sounds good. All in all, disappointing.
One of the best restaurants in Albany
I don't eat out as much as I could except when I have friends from out of town...so we went to NWBB for brunch. Its a must go to spot if you want to impress out of towners. Very good service, decent parking....yuck on the Blackened Seaweed Salad tho'.
Yeah its New World, but its a sham compared to the orginal. There is no way you can mix this trendy hipster type feel with snotty pretentious patrons and the ambiance to back it up. Listen, I get it, everyone wants to be funky and hip and almost NYC chic, but its just not working. The waitstaff fits in to the New World ship thats sailing in Saugerties, but thats the whole Woodstock feel. This place wants to be hip on Delawre but its really just a cruel mix of wanna be Kardahian girls and professors with elbow patches and bubble pipes. I'm sad to say that as much as I love New World, this just does not stick to the theme that has mde me fall in love with the first one. The food was good, but that even didnt have the same earthy and great flavors that I'm used to this establishment. Its a fine second but no one will ever replace the real one, I was disappointed. Have you ever been somewhere that the food is delicious but you don't look around because you don't want to be grossed out because you took one for the team? Its the same principle but the food wasnt that good. It was very clean, but what I'm saying is that some of the flavor wasnt there because the pots and pans were probably new and the old oils weren't baked into the metal, lol. That's just my 2 cents...
I am a huge, huge fan of New World Home Cooking in Saugerties, I have driven from Boston and NYC several times just for their Seitan Steak. Since moving to Chicago I compare everything to New World (the one Saugerties). Imagine my delight upon discovering during a brief trip to Albany that there's a New World here too!! I literally jumped up and down with excitement on my way to the restaurant. We were seated right away, thanks to a canceled reservation & decided on what to order. The appetizers were great- kimchi and blackened string beans (highly recommended)- but the entrees were quite the opposite. I obviously had the Seitan Steak (now called roulade) and it came to the table with a mushy crust that looked and tasted like it had been soaked in oil. Our server graciously took it back to be crisped up, but when it came back it smelled like a deep fryer- not appetizing. It tasted super greasy. I left it on the plate after 4 desperate bites. No one came to ask if it was better, or if I would like to order something else, even though I left my meal more or less untouched. The pasta my mother ordered was unevenly heated and definitely not cooked to order. What a horrible disappointment. If you want delicious, fresh food go to the original New Wold in Saugerties- I promise it's worth the trip. I wouldn't recommend the Albany location to anyone. I guess we should've been tipped off tonight when the table next to us sent their food back as we were seated.
I don't get the hype of this place--possibly bc the owner was on FN Chopped a few times--meh, overrated and I don't understand the line outside the door waiting to get in. Service--nice, but I could tell when the waiter was full of crap telling me if certain dishes were good or not. Not great from a selling standpoint...some people need to learn a poker face. Inside--was nice enough..clean, neat, modern\ Prices--not too bad. Party of 3 with 4 apps, 3 entrees, a dessert, coffees, and sodas was less than $200 Food--here's the thing--nearly perfect execution on the cooking techniques, but terrible or lack luster flavors. Shrimp with blond sauce had 0 taste and no salt and 00000 heat (and it's described as an 8.5 out of 10). The blackened string beans were too peppery with no other flavor, but the sauce was fantastic--perhaps a fried string bean would have been better with the sauce. The cajun chicken was also just pepper with no flavor, but it was extremely moist. Now here was what was decent---the lobster and korean rice cakes were delish, especially the sauce, but the lobster bits looked sloppy and like they came out of my local chinese restaurant; short rib bowl--very good with the vinegar in it; pork belly with caramel sauce; calamari--ok, not soggy but could have used more salt and think about changing your sauce--it does nothing for the calamari; black raspberry sorbet--light, refreshing
Went back tonight for dinner....I have been back many times since first review for a drink and quick tasty app...but tonight I had a full dinner.  The spring menu was very interesting....but portion sizes are getting smaller, and a couple of the items have the same titles and descriptions as previous seasons but are very different dishes.  It's a bit disappointing to order something and have it arrive to the tale not being different than anticipated and not as good.
We tried again and were again disappointed.  I still want to like this place - locally grown fare, well thought of chef, but the food just doesn't do it for me.  And when you say pita bread, I want pita bread - not some weird flat bread cut into wedges that break if you try to put one of the dips on it.
Sunday brunch was deliciously different. The rolls alone are enough to try this place, warm, filled with cheese, jalapeño bits, and a little corn; and if you have a hungry guest, they'll give you more. Blood orange mimosa is  a chilled and perfect pulp-less blend, and the "kickass" Bloody Mary was as promised! We tried the cage salmon Bennie -blackened and perfect, as well as perfectly accompanied with lightly dressed arugula. The breakfast burrito of of the the day was perfect for the traditionalist among us, with soft scrambled eggs, plenty of bacon and cheddar cheese, that even he couldn't finish. We also tried the andouille sausage for a little more kick.  I ate the Mystic Clam hash complete with pouched eggs on top and a side of summery mixed salad greens. Honestly, the hash the perfect blend of tender clams, potatoes, onions with a light béarnaise topping was unique, unexpected and a reason to return to New World. All dishes were perfectly seasoned and the fresh herb garden growing around the perimeter was hint of what was to come. Our server was knowledgeable and all staff were busy, yet attentive. Our total bill for 3 with 6 cocktails was under $80. A return visit is definitely on the list!
We had dinner there tonight, the Hudson Valley salad was terrific as always.  Love those apples and walnuts.  But the jerk chicken dinner was ordered a "4", which is supposed to be "not very hot" and was instead extremely hot, by their rating system a "9".  My husband's grilled salmon sandwich was nearly inedible.  They came to say they had run out of rolls, did he want it on wheat toast?  Figuring it would still be ok, he said fine.  Well, the grilled salmon was on cold dry toast, and was completely unappetizing.  They did come over to say they would tell the chef to at least butter the toast or something in the future.  Frankly, it should have been taken away and something else offered, or it should have been taken off the bill.  The food there has become inconsistent over time, and this is the second not great experience we've had.  Taking them off our list.
After making an Albany pit stop on the way back from Lake George, my fiancee and I were looking for a good meal. Thanks to the Yelp app we stumbled upon the New World Bistro Bar, and I'm glad we did. The service was great, the restaurant has a solid beer list, and the food was fantastic. We loved the calamari, and my BBQ salmon was delicious. Definitely going to be stopping by again next time we're in the area!
My wife and I first visited this restaurant 2 months ago and opted to order numerous appetizers/small plates instead of dinners.  We couldn't have been happier with the food and service.   I visited this restaurant again last eveninig with a friend and experienced several major problems.  Once again, the appetizers were excellent.  (Note:  On the previous visit we ordered  the fries and requested both the chipotle aioli and the banana ketchup.  On the first visit the fries were cut as steak fries and although they were good, the cut lent to a mealy consistency.  They have switched to a standard cut and they are wonderful. Some of the best fries I have ever had). Problems:  I ordered a gin & tonic and requested it to be served in a large glass instead of a rock glass.  After waiting approx. 15 mins for our drink order, I was presented with a vodka on the rocks in a rock glass.  Few more minutes for the server to show up to have him make the correction.  Minor slip up. We both ordered the Big Jerk Pork Chop and, according to the menu, it was listed as being served with coconut rice, grilled veggies, greens and plantains.  We both asked that the chop be cooked "Medium". When our entree appeared,  it was served with the greens but, in place of the coconut rice and plaintains was what appeared to be couscous and mashed sweet potatoes, none of which was  mentioned to us when we ordered. No biggie.  I decided to start with a taste of the sweet potatoes.  It is very difficult to describe the flavor but it tasted as if someone threw several auto air fresheners into a food processor and added it to the potatoes.  I suspect it was nutmeg but it was so overpowering I really couldn't discern the flavor and I wasn't going back for a second taste.  Honestly, as I write this, I feel a wave of nausea coming over me. It was that bad. Next was the prok chop.  Beautiful piece of bone-in pork covered in a tasty jerk sauce.  Big fan of the jerk.  Unfortunately, as we both neared the center of the chop, what was supposed to be medium, was rare/uncooked.  Since the waiter was no where to be found, we simply ate the perimeter of the chop and left the entire middle section uneaten, which really sucked since it was understandably the most succulent portion.  By the time the waiter came back, I was more than done and, still queasy from the "glade sweet potatoes", I simply opted  to forego dessert and pay the check and leave.  He asked if we wanted our unfinished meals and although we both said no, for some reason he brought a container back to our table which is where we left it.  I know some will say that I should have reported the problems to our waiter and, although I usually do, I did not for several reasons. First, when I tasted the potatoes, I felt it may just have been my personal dislike of the spicing. As for the pork, although the waiter did check with us shortly after we were served,  we hit the center uncooked/raw portion of the chop seconds after he dissappeared. In all, I definitely re-visit New World because I suspect all of the problems I experienced were due to a heavy hand in the spicing of the potatoes and a bad call by the grill chef.
Best, most interesting food in Albany.  Food has been exceptional every time I've been.
My fiance and I have been dying the try this place since we're so close by. No matter what day of the week it is, this place is also bustling with business! That's always a good sign of great food! The decor is very modern. Recently they were doing some renovation due to an accident with a car driving in their restaurant, but the place still looks great and they have outdoor seating too! We went with 2 out of town friends on a Wednesday night. We were seated immediately but the place was nearly packed. The server and hostess was super nice...the server was warm, patient and super friendly! The menu is seasonal and offers a lot of interesting plates--not your standard American fare to say the least-there are some fusion dishes. In fact I would say there was a lot of global fusion fare on the menu. There was hummus, "kimchee," tapas, steak frites, jamacian jerk chicken, thai noodles. For appetizers, we got the fried calamari and the spicy shrimp. The calamari was good but not the best I've ever had. It also came with chilli sauce. The shrimp had a spicy level of 9, but we didn't think it was that spicy but my friends finished the dish including the garnishes--it must have been yummy! The wine/drink list is like their food menu-local and quirky. I ordered the bloody mary which came with olives, cucumber and a lemon. My fiancee ordered the beer special of the day. Both were great but again not the BEST, but it's fun to try new things. For entrees, I had a side of brown rice and their house made "kim chee," my fiance had the steak frites and my friends shared the Jamaican jerk chicken 10! I put kim chee in quotation marks because it was not true kim chee-it was like pickled radish. It wasn't that great and I actually wish it was spicier. The rice was fluffy and warm. My fiancee's steak frites were delicious and the meat was cooked to his liking. My friends liked the chicken but the spice does hit you pretty hard since they opted for the 10. The only reason why I couldn't give them 5 stars because the food wasn't super EXCELLENT but for around here it is in comparison to food choices around the area. Also, the wait for food and service takes awhile. Their friendly service makes up for this but just know if you are in a rush, don't come here to eat! Otherwise, come and enjoy the local fare!
Been here three times; had a reservation all three times; all three times had to wait ~25 minutes. Service is decent. Food is average at best. Got a steak I couldn't chew the first time. A pork chop so dry that gave me cotton mouth the second... And a burger that was decent the last.  The place is for hipsters and the only reason it's as popular as it is, is because its different to the area.
I never had a chance to go to the one downstate and was very excited when I heard he would be opening a place up here.  I didn't make reservations, figuring it was just a Tuesday night, maybe we could just eat at the bar if there were no tables.  Luckily we ran into some friends who had made a reservation and shared their comfy booth with us. First off I did check the menu online ahead of time.  I thought the appetizers looked much more inventive than the entrees.  So I knew I wanted to order several apps as my entree.   I had to order the blackened green beans.  I just remember rave reviews about that dish.  We ordered a party plate and there was plenty for all four of us.  It didn't seem like anything special.  I don't really know what the fuss is all about.  Green beans cooked to a crisp and drenched in a chili-based oil.  I could easily have done that at home. I enjoyed the roasted beets and oranges.  It was suppose to have Nettle Meadows Fromage Blanc but it seemed to have been absent from my plate.  They also forgot the cornichons for my chicken liver pate, something I feel you just need to balance the flavor of the pate. We ordered a couple more other apps really not worth mentioning. My boyfriend ordered us the Thai salmon entree for us to share along with all the apps.  It was mediocre and some of the sides seemed like he just couldn't stick with a theme.  The braised swiss chard was tasty but seemed to be better suited for an Italian-flavored dish.  Instead it  accompanied a rather bland and dry (he ordered the salmon medium) very small piece of fish and Asian style "peanut slaw". The service was nothing to complain or rave about. The decor and atmosphere reminded me of Avenue A.  (Would have been better off spending my money there)
Terrible service, food was bland with extremely limited choices (aka seafood or beef), prices were outrageous. Avoid!!!
I have been here a half dozen times.  Each time is better than the last but there is always an exception to the experience.  On this occasion, we ordered the Piggy Nachos, which our kids loved (and I secretly coveted), the cheese plate (small but excellent), Arugula salad - perfect and then our entrees.  I had the salmon which I have included a picture of - you can't get better than this along with kale, brown rice and a nutty compote.  My husband ordered the fish special which was supposed to be like a chioppino - it only contained mussels and octopus - no lobster, clams or anything else that was listed.  He was disappointed and I didn't think the dish justified the $26 price tag but he ate the whole thing - it was still tasty!  My son and I shared the ice cream sandwich of the day - home made cinnamon ice cream with a cherry walnut cooked and cherry glaze - to die for.  I will always go back but I recommend that if you dish does not come out the way you expect it to, speak to your waiter.  The best waiter in the house is DAN!  Love him.
I decided to make reservations here for my family after my graduation and I think I chose wisely.  I will be leaving Albany this week after four years and I hate to say it, but I've been largely unimpressed with the cuisine in the area.  The major thing that often seems to be lacking is FLAVOR.  I often feel after meals that the food was just too bland.  This was not the case after dinner at New World.  I had the ropa vieja and it had a wonderful blend of seasonings plus it was extremely tender (as it should be).  A few people in my party had the sirloin which came with a tasty pesto sauce.  My dad had the chicken and rice which he thoroughly enjoyed.  Oh, also, we each had one of their "specialty drinks" which, while pricey, are very large and delicious.  I think my mom won with the pomegranate mojito.  My family had been in town for a while and we all agreed that this was the best meal we had had yet.  I hope other restaurants in the area take notice and spice things up!
Really, really dug the vibe here, very chill, although busy (it was restaurant week), and the menu is eclectic, creative & very seasoned. So if you are shy about exploring/thinking outside the box culinarily or prefer lightly seasoned food- don't come here! I suggest you take your time- don't be impulsive as there are many interesting options. Great decor- exposed brick, warm hues, dark wood. The bar is cool- w nice bistro tables. We had: pineapple basil Mojito, Blood Orange Cosmo, & an extra dirty vodka martini- excellent.This is what friends and I enjoyed: Siagon calamari (ridiculous w the cucumber pasta), veggie tapas sampler, beet salad, little necks w garlic & butter beans- so yum. Entrees: Ropa Vieja ("amazing!"- my friend said), Jerk Chicken breast(s) *8 (heat level) w coconut rice & sauteed collard greens (excellent authentic Jamaican Jerk), and the Surf & Turf  (luscious lump crab), Great global wine list which pairs nicely with the menu offerings- we enjoyed the Goats Do Roam (great play on words) from S. Africa. Great service. Street parking. Mixed crowd (early 30s-50-ish; hip-ish w a slight granola flair).
I've been waiting years (literally) for the New World Bistro Bar to open, as I live in the 'hood.  I frequent both the Spectrum and Ultraviolet and was really looking forward to another great addition to the Delaware Ave neighborhood.   I got reservations for four of us for a Sunday evening during the opening week.  We couldn't even get in on Saturday (people had been calling since Wednesday to get weekend reservations).  I had high hopes and big expectations (I'd recently gotten back from a California trip during which I had so many amazing food experiences -- so the bar was set high).   Unfortunately, we did not have a positive experience.  As an appetizer we tried the crispy tofu sticks, which were good, but not amazing.  I could have the same thing almost anywhere that fries up some tofu and adds a ginger sauce on the side.  My girlfriend and I ordered one of the specials, which was a cajun BBQ chicken with chic peas and kale.  All we could really taste was salt.  I was shocked.  My friend, a vegetarian, ordered the blue-corn crusted seitan medallions at my urging, because the dish sounded amazing.  They forgot to serve it with the roasted beets, which was really a highlight of the dish.  And the chimichurri was overwhelmed by citrus.  Our server didn't seem very confident in her knowledge of the food.  Finally, we still decided to go for dessert.  I ordered the brownie sandwich with strawberry ice cream, and it was hard as a rock -- almost impossible to even eat.  I did, however, have a very nice glass of riesling.   I'm willing to say that my experience was an aberration, as I've read nothing but rave reviews about this place.  I'd love to think that it was a fluke or the exception, because I'd love to have this fabulous place right about the corner; however, I can't even convince my girlfriend to give it another chance.
Love this place. Such a creative, local, fresh foods based menu. I am always delighted by whatever I have there. Try the crazy sounding Thai Italian Love pasta.
New World is hit or miss, but when you order the right things, you will have an amazing meal. I strongly recommend their chicken liver pate as an appetizer, any preparation of seafood for the main course (their big bowl specialities are consistently delicious), and the mud pie for dessert. The drinks are done very well, and the service is very good. My only complaint is that, because it can get quite busy, it can also become physically uncomfortable being cramped in with other diners.
Love this place! I went with a small group, we had a reservation and were seated quickly. First and foremost, everyone who works here is so friendly and good looking lol! The food is locally sourced when they can, and everyone tastes so fresh and yummy! They are flexible for vegetarians! (full vegan menu) as well. I had the tofu yellow curry (fresh pasta! wow!) the other people I was with ordered the bbq salmon which she loved!!! and the dirty rice and shrimp was also delicious! definitely try again!
Love NWBB.  As with any place that Ric Orlando is associated with, the food is imaginative and the staff is absolutely top rate.  We go about once per month or so and always enjoy what we get.  We frequently get specials or something new from the seasonal menus, but we have a bunch of old favorites as well.  Great selection of  wines by the glass as well.
Shame on me.  I had probably the worst meal of my life at this place, and I didn't complain.  Perhaps I should've asked to have it even more burnt than it was.  Maybe it would have tasted better if it was reduced to just a pile of carbon, though it was close.  But enough.  Just avoid!
Just as good as the Woodstock location.  Blackened string beans are a favorite.  Pumpkin hummus was a fun seasonal treat and quite good.  Dessert crumble was delish... save room!
We were totally disappointed ... almost gave 1 star (and keep looking at the 1 star as I'm writing this but some things were tasty).  We went for Mother's Day brunch and expected "more and better".  More in terms of food offerings and better in terms of service and quality of food.  Let's start with the buffet plates ... too often the plates were dirty and not even availbable.  The food .... We've gone to other buffets that ensure the food is not only hot but also fresh.  Here the waffles were far from being good.  The fruit compote was quite tasty and would have been completely wasted had it not been a good mix in to the yogurt.  There were other items that were just flavorless or in the case of the jambalaya too spicy for the average person.  Prior to finalizing our reservations we asked what would be available for children and were clearly informed that there would be quite an assortment of typical brunch items but we were surprised to find such limited selections.  Even the eggs benedict was premade and served on top of the ropa vieja.  Other places allow you to pick and choose ... plain muffin - sure, only the egg - sure, no saue - sure but here prepackaged deal ... not good.  Even the chocolate strawberries, while tasty, were not made readily available until one asked and then you were provided one per person.  Not how we will be spending our next brunch celebration.
My husband and I went here after searching the web for a great restraunt in Albany For our night out. Place was packed as it was their 3 year Anniv. We managed to get right in at the bar. although very small and tight quarters we managed to get very cozy and had our drinks ordered and in front of us in minutes.  I had a rosemary infused martini (delish!) and very different. We were amazed at all the specialty drink options all made with fresh herbs and fruits. The atmosphere is amazing and having spent most of my younger years living in downtown  alb.  It was so nice to go somewhere with such a diverse clientele for a change. The diners on both sides of us were so friendly and offered  up suggestions of their favorites and even shared a taste of their homade pita crackers and beet hummus app ( very good). Let me just say that this is by far one of the most unique menu offerings I have exp ( in the capt. Dist.) We wanted to try everything! We had the shrimp appetizer which we were warned was very spicy. Generally I do not like things that are too spicy, but this was surprisingly refreshing and a great pallet cleanser before our main course. My husband ordered the jerk chicken, amazingly done! he enjoyed it right to the bone. I had the ahi tuna rare served over purée of red potatoe and not sure what the other veg was maybe carrot but ginger spiced  and broc. Rob, so amazingly done and paired with the tuna I was in heaven! Service was fabulous our bar tenders were both very attentive and offered great reccomendations. I am very particular about dining out ESP. In the present economy, we do not get out as often as we used to so food exp and service better be superb! New World Bistro hit all the marks! I cannot wait to go back, my husband and I are still talking about the food and how relaxing our exp. was. I highly reccomend you try it!
First visit was yesterday, and I seriously consider this one of the top restaurants in our area, hands down.  An amazing blend of casual dining with smart, creative food.  No suit needed for dinner here.  Look nice, eat amazing.   I had chef ric's meatloaf and it blew me away.  Most tender, smooth meatloaf I've ever had.  Bacon wrapped to boot, and the bacon was cooked perfectly, as was everything else.  My wife had thai salmon, excellent cook on the salmon and she loved the whole thing.  Large portions, excellent value. For dessert, I had the best bread pudding of my life.  My wife had the flourless chocolate cake, and she loved it.  We shared both, and I loved both. We will be back, no question about it.
New World is in the top echelon of Albany restaurants. The positives and most important things to consider: The menu is creative and unique, yet at the same time it manages to be comforting and familiar. The food is truly delicious. I'd say some dishes are amazing. The space is modern and evokes the feeling of a Manhattan loft, with exposed brick and duct work. It's small enough to be cozy, and large enough to not be claustrophobic. The staff is friendly, courteous, and willing to oblige. A few quibbles: There are a lot of choices on the menu, and most everyone should be able to find something they like. Yet, I think the menu is a bit too large, and it would benefit the restaurant to tighten it up a bit. Because of the larger menu, much of the food is prepared ahead of time. On our most recent visit, our dishes were just barely hot enough, several degrees above lukewarm. That shouldn't happen at a better restaurant. The food should be served freshly made and very hot. The prices are not outrageous, but New World isn't cheap either. If some of the dishes were a couple of dollars less, New World would be a great value. I feel as if they are charging a bit more than they should because the restaurant is so popular and they can get away with it. The negatives notwithstanding, New World deserves it's standing as one of the top restaurants in Albany.
I still very much enjoy NWBB. I love that their menu is clearly marked GF and the waiters are very knowledgable about the GF status of the menu. On my last visit there, for my sister's birthday, I had an awesome lamb round with hibiscus marinade and wilted greens and peas and corn and general deliciousness. I  attached a picture; it was wonderful.  My parents also both had a trout special with pesto and couscous and loved it. Sadly the birthday girl got the main menu ribeye and was disappointed. She asked for medium rare and got well into the medium done was zone. However she said her chocolate Creme brûlée made up for it. My mom also had a salad and thought the mango ranch (?) dressing was incredible (and she usually never likes the salad dressing she gets). I'm not sure if the meat was frozen and partially thawed before cooking, but my lamb, requested medium rare was rare in the middle (fine by me) but much more medium to medium-well around the edges. My sister's steak should have been sent back but she was hungry. I had the Nutella marscapone (Mars spine....really autocorrect?) mousse and it was amazing. Amazing. All in all flavors were excellent. They just seemed to have an off night with meat doneness.
By far the bets meal I've ever had in Albany. We shared six appetizers that were all wonderful. I had the blue-corn crusted seitan which was perfectly chewy and tasty. To top it off the deserts were even more amazing, particularly the nutella mousse.
5 stars because impossible too put more...best restaurant I've been too in a while!! Service, food, beverage, desert everything was great. Ordered Korean pork belly for appetizer, very good. Ordered pasta of the day Bolognese also very good, better than most Italian places actually. And creme bulee was amazing. Price is also good for the service+food. Very cute cozy place as well!!
Went to dinner with a couple of friends on a recent Friday night and it was packed (as usual). Even with reservations, we waited over 15 minutes for a table. The food was tasty, most of us enjoyed our meals. Drinks were decent. My friend really liked her beer sampler. But, overall food and drinks weren't superb. I expected more considering the prior reviews. The mega plus was the exceptionally attentive server. I've come to NWB several times for brunch and have always had terrific service (and have enjoyed brunch more than dinner.
tons of vegetarian options and really yummy food. I love the seitan "wings" with purple haze sauce.
This is one of the absolute best restaurants in the Albany area. The food is very innovative; there will definitely be things on the menu with which you are unfamiliar! The ingredients are fresh, and sourced locally where possible. The service is top-notch. And the space is really fun. Let's start with the menu. The vast majority of items on the menu are definitely on the unusual side (one look at the menu and you'll see what I mean), so if you're a person who likes to try new foods, this is the place for you. However, there are also a few solid "regular" things on the menu, like flatbread pizza and the Burger Deluxe, which is in the top two of burgers that I've ever had. If you're dining with a picky or unadventurous eater, it's worth noting that these "safer" options are definitely the minority. The bottom line, whatever you order, everything is extremely well-made and well-presented. I love the ice cream sandwich for dessert - it is a different flavor of cookie and ice cream daily. Other notable features of the menu: there is a an extensive gluten-free selection and many of the items change seasonally. I have been to this restaurant several times and I have never had less than wonderful service. The waitstaff is friendly, welcoming, and extremely knowledgable about the menu. I went with a friend once who is strictly gluten-free, and the waitress was able to show us not only what items on the menu are gluten-free, but also items that are not typically prepared that way, but could be by special request. This girl KNEW the menu backwards and forwards. I was very impressed. In general, the waiters and waitresses can always provide detailed information about a menu item when asked, and are happy to give recommendations and let you in their favorite items. And, given that the place is so busy, the food comes out fast. Some other random thoughts: * If you're coming for dinner (I've never been for the brunch), you absolutely want to make a reservation. This place is always busy. * There is a parking lot to the side of the restaurant, but it fills up fast. The alternative is street parking, which is not terribly hard to find in this area. * The Spectrum theater is next door -- make a night out of it! tl;dr: innovative fresh foods, excellent waitstaff
Great food. Love the seitan medallions.  It's nice to go to a non veg restaurant and order a vegetarian meal that is delicious and substantial.  Whenever we are passing through this part of New York we make sure to stop by one of the new world spots.  Make sure to save room for dessert.
Excellent contemporary American with an emphasis on fresh and local. The butternut squash ravioli was great, creamy and the slightest bit sweet.
We've been fans of this place since it opened. Honestly, New World has been a game changer for Albany. The sourcing of ingredients is incredibly good. The menu changes up frequently and has both classic comfort foods (that will please my conservative parents) as well as crazy dishes, and then loads of really healthy, modern options, too. The vibe is great, the service is great, and the food is great. Love the brunch, too. This is always where we take out of town friends. They can accommodate vegan, vegetarian, GF diets as well as the craziest of carnivores (sweet breads?). It's high end, but not snobby. Taking off a star because the menu has too many options, or it's just laid out in a crazy way that I think it can be really overwhelming for first-timers. I'd rather see fewer dishes that are really perfect than too many options that you're not sure of. Maybe pare down the main menu and just rotate specials that are inventive.
Best food in Albany. Went there for dinner on a week day solo. Like an idiot I didn't realize there was a parking lot. So I parked on the street. Neighborhood was a little sketchy. So park in the parking lot. I had some great food with some great service. I ordered jerk chicken. You can choose your level of hotness. Never had anything like it. Will be back soon!
This is my favorite Albany restaurant, hands down.  The cuisine is somewhat difficult to explain, but once you've been there, you get it.  Expect creative, new American (?) dishes with distinct asian influences.  Try, for example, the Curry Bolognese.  I love this dish; sefved with fat noodles, it is exactly what it sounds like, and yet the flavors are out of the ordinary.  Persistent favorites remain the Purple Haze pizza (super spicy), the pumpkin hummus (in season), the ropa vieja, and the hamburger.  Ice cream cookies and creme brulee change nightly.  The menu is also heavily seasonal, and you'll look forward to the change in season in part because it means a new menu at New World. I also feel comfortable bringing friends with special dietary needs here--you will find vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free options throughout the menu.  If there is a caveat to my review, it is that New World is for a more adventurous crowd.  You will not find old restaurant standbys here.  What you will find is better, but if you come expecting an inexpensive burger and fries, you're in the wrong place. I have also always had excellent service--the servers know the menu well, and are attentive but not overbearing.  You see the same servers over and over, and sometimes you'll see Chef Rick clearing tables.
I am consistently underwhelmed by this restaurant. Sure, there sounds like there are innovative items, but all dishes are so poorly executed that this restaurant is a colossal waste of time. Not to mention they do not care one bit about reservation times (waited more than an hour from our original time) or about actually getting pick-up sorted out even before 6pm. All in all - I have yet to order or stop in to this restaurant and ever have a successful meal. Super over-rated and super snobby. Go to Mingle. I promise you won't be disappointed.
I have to go 5 stars. I've been here more than twenty times over the last three years. It is the best restaraunt experience in the area. Chef Orlando blends contemporary and classic Asian fare, as well as other cultures, into creative and delicious offerings that feature many locally sourced ingredients. The Thai bolognese is a standout. I have it every fifth visit or so. It is the classic Italian bolognese recipe, but with Thai spices instead of the tomato base, and locally raised beef. It's a must try if you like hot stuff. The cervice is always great. Frankly, any negative reviews listed here are just way off base. There is such a wide variety of both cuisines and levels of spice that change seasonally. If you are in Albany don't miss it.
According to the menu, the NY Beef Council named their burger the Best in the Capital Region in 2011. Who am I to ignore a recommendation from the NY Beef Council? In fact, since I've discovered that there WAS a NY Beef Council (the moment I looked at this menu), all I've wanted in life was to be a part of the NY Beef Council. So I got the burger. And although the peppered bacon, cheddar, grilled onion, chipotle aioli combo was excellent, the beef itself was overcooked (more med well than med rare)...if that's a regular occurrence, I imagine that's what has kept the NY Beef Council from giving New World the title for the past three years. But if this solid burger, the delicious Ropa Bennie, and the rest of the brunch menu is any indication, Albany's apparently a whole New World, and one full of flavor. Everything isn't a hit, but this sizable bistro is serving up heavily seasoned, zesty flavor combinations that are certainly worth trying. I'd definitely do it again when I'm back in the Capital Region.
New world Bistro has somehow managed to be sophisticated, with cutting-edge amazing cuisine and to also remain as homey and down to earth as you can get. This mix of excellence with un-pretentiosness is rare. Loved everything from the cocktails to dessert. The wait staff were warm, kind, and knowledgable. We were thanked many times on our way out. My hubbies had a fresh mojito with lots of yummy mint. I had Riesling. We had the tomato and burrata salad with blueberry balsamic reduction it was excellent. He had the burger which was perfect, I had the Thai BBQ salmon which was healthy and outrageously tasty. My husband had the vanilla bean creme brûlée, which was one of the best we've ever had. I ordered a humongous ice cream sandwich which was made on huge homemade chocolate chip cookies. JUST AWESOME!  I  can't sing their praises enough.
really a 3.5 but took off a star or two for a couple of things.  if you dont plan on reading the rest of the review, just know that i would definitely come here again.   Came here on a sunday for brunch after the Spartan Beast in Vermont that we did on saturday. The special that i ordered was some korean pork belly burrito which came with home fries (chunks of potatoes).  overall the dish wasnt too bad but probably wouldn't order again since they give you like 2 pieces of pork belly really... at least with the burrito they could've lined up the inside with pork belly instead of just sticking 2 pieces of it in the middle.   The burrito also contained kimchi and scrambled eggs inside - the server said it was spicy but in reality, it's not lol anyway i also wanted some waffles so i ordered the belgian waffle but it really didnt look like a belgian waffle - what i mean is, if you have a waffle maker at home, particularly a cuisinart or something similar, thats how thin it was... it's not particularly thick fyi.  also the taste was a bit on the eggy side of things.   other friends ordered:  the hash trio, benny trio, huevos traditionales, and a burger with sweet potato fries. everything that my friends ordered looked good so i would definitely good those a try next time. most items start at $13 fyi. all in all i would return... just not sure i would order a waffle or the burrito again.
This place was really busy. Good thing we made a reservation. Everything we ordered was very tasty. Service was great, she was very tentative to my toddler. I would def. come back and I do recommend to others. Party of 4 or more make a reservation!! Or you'll wait for awhile.
Tonight was the first time I had a very mediocre meal at New World Bistro. Lukewarm watery Lemon Drop martini, so so oyster sauce, overcooked but tasty burger and really awful soggy cold fries. Sad :(
One of the popular place to go out among young processional and middle age customers. Due to its popularity the restaurant was very noisy and the staffs seemed to be rushed. One of a dish in the menu uses Kobe beef however I wouldn't recommend it as it is not the Kobe beef you have imagined.
Who would go to a gourmet restaurant and order meat loaf? YOU would, or you should. It was highly recommended, and while not like my mother's, was fantastic in its own way. Bacon wrapped with a center of molten smoked Gouda cheese. Wow. And for dessert, the orange sugar cookie ice cream sandwich floating in a pool of yummy chocolate.  Better than it even sounds!
This place is so good! My boyfriend and I came here for Valentines day and although it was pretty packed, the ambiance was enjoyful and the food was delicious. The service was also very prompt even with the heavy business. The menu was of a semi-selective fixed menu on Valentines day. I look forward to coming here again in the future to try our their regular dishes.
My absolute favorite place to go in Albany. Sit at the bar, easiest seat to get service on a busy night and by far the best bartenders in the 518. (Aside from The Speakeasy) The vegetarian options are always on point. My boyfriend (who's also a vegetarian) and I split the green beans, the seitan wings served with the Dirty Blonde BBQ and the Marrakesh express pizza. Everything was delicious. The wings are spicy at that level so make sure you are committed. Overall it was another fantastic experience!
Small plates are great.  Wonderful brunch.  Often need a reservation.
I have to add a review for my fave restaurant in the Cap District. I bring all my out-of-town friends here, have all my bday meals and many dates here. It's my go-to spot. The menu changes slightly each season and there are new specials every day. So many delicious things. Entrees are a good size and worth every dollar I promise (though i'm more of a 2 apps kind of girl). Meatloaf is amaaazing, deluxe burger, blackened salmon sandwich, pizzas(thin cracker-like crust), fun salads, hummus are some of my faves. And i aaaalways get the blackened green beans to share (i eat most of them). Seriously, everything is good. They're super friendly and will explain anything you don't understand (see: forbidden pleasures). Also, deserts. Ice cream sandwich is huge. Make a reservation.
The food is good, of course -- I'm usually partial to the "Forbidden Pleasures" and the sampler plates. I can't think of anything I've gotten there that's really disappointed -- but I've never been particularly wowed by any of the desserts, for what it's worth. It's pricey, though, sometimes overly so, and the last few times I've been there, I haven't been crazy with the service, which has felt rushed and uneven. Also, I often avoid going there because of the typically-very-long wait for a table without a reservation. I could, obviously, make reservations in advance, but it would be nice to be able to stop in and have a drink and some delicious pork belly (for example) on a last-minute whim/craving or spontaneous movie date at the Spectrum without having to wait 45 minutes to do so. Not their problem, I suppose!
Six of us had dinner at New World Bistro tonight. I'm not going to stretch the truth and say that every one of us absolutely loved the choices we made, but we all enjoyed the meal, had excellent service and spent an enjoyable three hours at this hot, hopping spot. I thought my personal choices for dinner were among the best I've had recently. Except the Bombay Gimlet, which while made with fresh lime juice and very strong, wasn't up to the old standard with Rose's. BUT the calamari appetizer was lovely, and my ribeye entree with fries ($28) -- oddly, the restaurant was out of mashed potatoes (how does a professional chef run out of mashed potatoes?) -- was surprisingly, unexpectedly, deliciously great. Nor prime steak house great, but great in a hip, busy nightspot place way. I loved it. Bottom line: Enjoyed this place, even if it in Albany.  How does anyone live in a place like this?!!?
First let me say that we love this place and our server is always on point. The wife and I like to order blind. Our waiter will bring out everything from the wine to entree his choice according to our specs. Always an adventure.       Not only Is this a romantic way to eat because we are experiencing the same thing at the same time but we end up trying things we wouldnt ever think of eating. This kind of place always opens our minds .   Dez is our waiter of choice but we have been waited on by a few people and they have all been great but Dez reads us like a book. Well this is my first  yelp I hope I get better at it.lol.
This is a delicious and very classy establishment. It is also perfect for a romantic night out. We both had the steak which was cooked to perfection. Although, I not usually one for sweet things, we had the nutella mousse with a half pour of frangelica. It was so amazing!
A lot of the items on the menu are not really up my alley but the burger is phenomenal and the blackened green bean fries are pretty damn good. I was there for a drink a few weeks ago and I saw a special they were running for that day, fried chicken sandwiched between waffles. Looked orgasmic but had dinner plans so I regretfully couldn't indulge.
I can't believe it took be this long to find this place. I think for Albany, NY, this is as about as good as upscale casual dining can get. And for us it's a plus that it's vegetarian and even vegan friendly. Very cool. We had a appetizer feast. We ordered the chicken wings (sauces were spicy and tasty, but don't expect your regular hot wings), then we had the pork belly with kimchi which was pretty amazing, followed by the kale salad, lamb albondingas, then the stuffed poblano. No room for desert but they sounded very tasty. Everything was perfectly done and beautifully presented. I would recommend this place to anyone. I can only imagine the kitchen. They must have SOOO many ingredients. I imagine it takes a great chef to pull off this kind of restaurant. Thank you NWBB for being one of a kind in terms of menu :) The service was pretty good. I have no complaints there. The ambiance was nice too although I thought the tables were a bit too close together where we were seated. Will go back soon to try more things on the menu!
I have eaten here dozens of times in the past couple years and have yet to have a bad meal/experience.  I've eaten almost everything on the menu, have had the pleasure of trying many specials/seasonal dishes, and have had most of the mixed drinks.   Like I said, I've never had a bad meal at NWBB. However, this is not to say that they are perfect and that mediocrity has never reared its head; some dishes have unimpressive deliveries (the sexy caesar salad is served with large stalks of lettuce, which makes it a bit difficult to eat) and others are tasty but underwhelming (the pizza is overpriced--the crust contains no yeast, which is cool, but it's essentially like eating sauce/cheese/a few veggies on a $13 piece of matzah).  The service is generally very excellent, though I've had experiences where the server wasn't incredibly attentive because it was so busy, and it is almost always busy--if you plan on going on a Friday or Saturday night, get a reservation unless you want to eat after 9pm.   Now that I've gotten that out of the way, I can go back to my default state, raving about NWBB to anyone who will listen:  the seitan wings, burger deluxe, cage pan string beans, salmon bennie, huevos traditionales, rice/beans/veggies with chimichurri tofu, and jerk chicken dinner, among MANY other staple menu items, are OUT OF THIS WORLD! They use local/humane/sustainably harvested veggies and animals products.  They have a wonderfully descriptive spice scale and are willing to make things spicier/milder based on your preference.  They change the menu a few times a year and always have a few specials to offer so you won't get bored.  It can get a bit expensive if you plan on drinking a lot along with your meal, but I think that the quality of what is served is worth the extra $$$.  The atmosphere is great, there is a wide range of diners here, you can pretty much wear whatever you want as long as it isn't sweatpants.  There are a lot of hipsters that eat here, but don't let that deter you. tl; dr EAT HERE!! You won't regret, except maybe a tiny bit when you next look at your bank statement.
While in town for training for work, I did some research and New World consistently came up as a place I should eat at, so I made the trek down the highway from the business park blandness of East Greenbush into Albany itself. It was fairly busy when I showed up, but being solo I was able to easily get a spot at the bar. The bartender was steadily busy, but laid back and attentive with service. Surveying the summer menu, I ended up choosing the milk braised pork shoulder, with polenta and broccoli rabe. I sipped on some bourbon while waiting for my food and taking in the sights and sounds of the restaurant, from the diverse crowd to the welcoming decor. After a short wait I had an impressive pile of food in front of me. Higher end places often forgo quantity for quality, but New World has both. There must be a good half pound of juicy pork, covered in gravy. This was good and filling. The soft polenta pairs nicely with the pork, with its mild sweetness and superior flavour and texture compared to potatoes. Tender crisp broccoli rabe adds a peppery bite and green to the plate, but don't let it fool you, this dinner was pure indulgence. If I'm ever back in town, I'd definitely want to visit again and see what other seasonal eats are on the go.
Food: very good. Whole meal was satisfactory to all. Risotto was a bit too heavy but tuna was more of a tartar than ceviche but great, salmon skin app great, bone marrow could have been better needed to be cooked a bit different to be smoother and less gelatinous, two of the three steaks were very undercooked despite asking for medium rare x 2. Crab cakes were enjoyable. Side salad standard. Ambiance: vibrant and crowded. Service: 5 star all the way. Recommended to return and very good. Make reservation.
It was Okay, Nothing special. Service was great doe.
My girlfriend and I came here for an informal end-of-the-summer dinner and it was everything we could hope for. We were looking all around the Albany area for the right spot and then we ended up at New World Bistro. This place is legit. Renee was our server and she was so awesome! Really easy-going, knowledgeable, and made it such a fun night. Definitely have to recommend the ceviche, brown rice risotto, and nutella mousse. Also, excellent wine list and drinks. Not too many places in Albany like this, so go enjoy it!!
Stopped in with family in mid December 2013.  Food is good and portions are large, but prices are quite high.  Parking is great as this area is otherwise impossible to park at (NWB has a lot in the rear of the building). Do not be afraid to bring kids, there is an area away from the bar where I saw a family with small kids, so I don't think it is a problem.
I was a little bummed that I wasn't able to use my gift card towards the gratuities. The food was decent. The service people were a little stuffy. When I told them that I didn't want to hang onto my remaining $5.44 gift card in the form of a 8" x 4" bumper sticker sized card... I was asked if everything was okay. (In a manner that I felt was a tad accusatory....) Yes. Everything is good. But no I don't want to hold on to this paper that I can only keep in my filing cabinet. If it was the size credit card, maybe. Okay. Enough ranting about the poor gift card implementation. Both my wife and I enjoyed our entrées. Being from the Capital Region, I give it a 6 in the grand scheme of the local selection. The service people, as I said, were a bit stuffy. I prefer people that are more affable and jovial. The food was fine. Nothing to write home about. The restaurant wouldn't survive 2 weeks in Manhattan but up here I imagine they do well. The atmosphere was a bit predictable and boring. They used to display more great art from the local scene. Now just Pier 1 pieces. Thats a shame. Take the extra 1/2 hour to head to Saratoga for a real restaurant. The prices were hopeful at best.
I was very excited to visit New World Bistro and Bar (NW) after hearing many great things from coworkers. We came on A Tuesday at 7:30 with reservations -- and they were needed, as the place was bustling with diners both inside and on the covered patio. There is a back lot, but almost all of the spots were taken. luckily, i found one, but my friend did not. Street parking is difficult On Delaware Avenue and it took him a while to find a spot. I found the interior of NW to be very fresh and enjoyed the exposed wood beams and rustic feel to the place. To me, the atmosphere works well for a date or meeting friends for cocktails. However, the intimate lighting and close table arrangements likely wouldn't be the best for young children (at least not if you want to enjoy dinner without your neighboring diners sending scowls your way for interfering with the hip feel). Although I arrived before my friend, I was promptly seated, which I appreciated. We were seated in a row of about 4 tables for two, with a long bench on one side and chairs across. I was not thrilled with the seating, because I felt very close to those dining next to us ( in fact, I had to get up to allow a neighboring diner to slide into the bench). I ordered white wine by the glass and my friend had their recommended beer of the day, which he said was the best beer he has had in a long while. The menu changes with the season and there are vegetarian and vegan menus, so the restaurant accommodates all kinds of eaters! For dinner, I decided to forgo the appetizers, but were each offered one (yes, only one) seeded roll with dipping oil.   My friend ordered a bowl of asparagus pea soup. The soup came in a cup pr bowl. We were accidentally served a cup first and were able to see that the size of a cup was quite small-- more like a tasting.  They quickly brought over the right size and my friend enjoyed the soup, but didn't find it to be off the charts. Our table was well monitored by an attentive bus boy who was readily available for drink refills. Our waitress was nice, but less attentive. This is not problem though, because we didn't have that many needs. My friend noted the purple haze pizza for $14, which is described as hot gooey pain but he has a high tolerance for spice, so he didn't have much of a problem with it.  It is a flatbread pizza and for the price I thought it was a little too small and my friend agreed. It would probably be too small if you didn't order an appetizer. I ordered the jerk chicken dinner for $22. I thought that the chicken had good flavor, but not fantastic or anything better than other jerk chicken I have had (actually, I thought that the jerk chicken wings that I have had at Justin's on Lark had a better flavor profile than the jerk chicken here). The sides served were mashed yams, kale, black beans and rice, and one (yes, one) plantain chip. I thought that the sides completely lacked seasoning and are quite bland and all one note. I was also very disappointed that although the menu said Plantains, plural, there was just one (delicious)? Plantain chip stuck on top of the mashed yams.  However, the portion size of the chicken and sides were generous.  I was able to take home leftover chicken (though I did not ask to take home any of the leftover sides). You can choose your heat level as a 4, 7, or 10.  The menu describes a 4-6 level as "assertively spiced, not too hot"  and a 7 as "authentically and honorably spicy".  I enjoy spice, but not to the point where it hurts to eat something.  I was stuck between the 4 and 7 so asked the waitress her opinion.  She told me that people who tell her that they like spice often find the 4 to be spicy.  I went with her suggestion and ordered a 4.  I found that there was a good amount of heat to the 4 -- not too much, but enough to hit you in the back of the throat.  The spice level was just right for me, but if you are someone who does not like heat, avoid ordering the jerk chicken (seems obvious, I know).  Overall, I don't think I would order the jerk chicken again although there was a lot of food that  with it. We did not order dessert, so I cannot speak to that, but did glance at the menu and saw some tasty temptations. Overall, I thought NW had a good vibe and  I would likely come here on a date in the future. However, the food --while generally good -- did not blow me away and was slightly overpriced. If NW paid more attention to the side dishes, I'd be even happier to return.
Went here with my girlfriend over the weekend, got seated right away and that was a plus since the last place we had been to was going to be 30 minutes. Service was typical, the waiter wasn't standout but wasn't a hassle either. Only complaint was that our table was uneven and was tipping back and forth until we sacrificed a pack of gum underneath one of the legs to even it out. The food here was pretty excellent. I had the Quail and it was done to perfection. My girlfriend had the bolognese and thought it was good also. We had the dessert trio afterward to which was excellent for the both of us - with the exception of a mandarin garnish with the truffle that literally was the most disgusting mandarin I've ever tasted. It clearly had gone bad. But the rest of the food was so good that I elected to forget that experience. I'd recommend this place. Good atmosphere, good food. Four stars. I'd go back.
New World Bistro has been my favorite and most trusted Celiac-friendly restaurant in the Capital District since I moved here in 2012.  The first time I came, I was very cautious, telling my waiter that I was very sensitive to gluten.  My waiter at that time was incredible, explaining the procedures in place to prevent cross-contamination, making sure I got GF bread with my meal, and generally going out of his way to be attentive.  Not only did I get my dietary needs addressed, but the menu was just chalk full of interesting dishes that I could in fact eat - and the place has AMBIANCE, just the funky, cultured, upscale that I like.  Also, the Cage Pan Blackened Stringbeans are to die for.   So why then am I only posting two starts?  Ironically, I just posted a three star rating for Mingle within this past week, recommending that people go to New World Bistro if they are going to eat out on Delaware.  Well here it goes... Friday night my long-distance boyfriend for the summer came into town to see me.  We decided to start the weekend out right by going to our favorite date night restaurant on Delaware.  Because his train didn't get in until 8:30, we made reservations for 9 pm.  When we got there, the place wasn't packed like we were used to from previous visits, probably because of the late hour.  Despite this fact, we got some of the WORST service I have ever received at any restaurant.  We saw our waiter maybe three times the whole night: once to take our order, once to administer a somewhat lack luster apology (I'll get to that), and once to give us our check.  Our appetizer came without side plates so we had to flag someone down.  Then, our meals came out and my boyfriends vegetables were terribly over-steamed and my pasta was downright crunchy.  Given the fact that these were $25 dollar dishes, the quality of the food was pretty disappointing, especially since we've experienced so much better in the past.  I had ordered the large portion of my crunchy dish just so I could take some home.  Because I am not the type of person to complain about my food, I at first just started picking around the noodles.  However, my wonderful boyfriend and proud sponsor of my meal encouraged me to get a new dish so that I could actually enjoy my food.  We flagged down the bus boy (who by the way was great!) and he got our waiter (whoops, four times!) so that we could tell him my plight.  Well he did immediately take my dish back; however...this is when the night got really horrible. A lady, who could be the manager (we don't know since she never introduced herself), came out to explain to me, the customer with Celiac, that gluten-free pasta has a different texture than regular pasta, so she really didn't think that cooking more pasta would help the dish at all.  I must have been in shock not to get up and walk out of the restaurant at that moment as I just blurted out that I myself had been cooking with GF pasta for several years now and it had never come out crunchy.  She just repeated her concern, so I asked to see the menu so I could order a non-pasta dish.  At that point, my new pasta dish came out and lo' and behold, the chef actually managed to make that crazy textured gluten-free pasta come out cooked!  I told her that the new dish was fine and she left with no apologies.  Our waiter DID come out for a two second "sorry about that."   After we finished, we again had to flag down our bus boy to go get our waiter so we could pay and leave.  When he came out, there was no second apology and my meal had not been discounted, removed from the bill or anything...not even an offer for dessert.  As we walked out, the staff at the door didn't acknowledge us.  To top it off, I had indigestion from my food afterwards.  All in all, it was a pretty awful night. I am still in deep regret that we didn't just walk out when the mystery lady started lecturing me about the differences between regular pasta and gluten-free pasta.  So sad that I've been so turned off from one of my favorite places.  I guess I better go update that review on Mingle!
Probably the most interesting food in Albany. But I tried to get them to cooperate for a birthday celebration. Pre-arrangements by phone were forgotten, and they weren't interested in making the effort. They also made it clear they wanted us to leave. All this added up to really mediocre service.
3.5 stars. Perhaps a visit for brunch would bring this up to a 4. What has remained consistent with each of my visits has been the service. I've always been met with an attentive and friendly server who has patiently helped me navigate through the abundant choices on the menu. Note the spice levels given a rating of 3 to 10 next to the listed food item. Likewise there are plentiful gluten free, vegetarian, and vegan options for those with more restricted diets. For appetizers I recommend the saigon street style fried calamari. Fried calamari seems so mundane, but it's prepared differently at NWBB with a lighter coat of flour that lends a more refreshing texture to the calamari. Plated along side the calamari are strips of thin cucumber as well as a peanut sauce that takes this typically American/Italian appetizer to one with Asian flare. I've tried the Greek eggplant dip served with a side of olives and some flatbread. This appetizer fell somewhat short. The flatbread was standard (nothing notable about the texture or taste of it) and the eggplant had a sour aftertaste. I have also ordered a cup of their soup of the day (cup as opposed to bowl) and found the portions to be extremely small. For entrees I've had a white fish dish on their special menu. The portion size was dainty and the fish itself was overly salted. Upon a subsequent visit, I opted for the ropa vieja, a beef pot roasted with sides of olives, black beans, brown rice, and a small bit of yams and plantains. This entree was much larger than the fish dish (the menu lists it as a "big dinner"). The beef itself was tender and marbleized, while the sides were not so memorable. The black beans and white rice lacked flavor, although that may be to balance the heavier flavors of the beef. I barely noticed any yams and plantains, which came as a disappointment since I felt that those sides would definitely add character to the ropa vieja. Overall, I appreciate the service and the creativity of the chef's dishes from NWBB. Perhaps a sampling of more dishes may be what moves the 3.5 stars to 4 stars. I will likely be back for brunch!
I did dinner here with a friend passing through the area. My first recommendation is to make a reservation, especially if you're going on the weekend. We lucked out and there was an open table because someone cancelled, but otherwise, we would have been out of luck. Also, parking's a little tight, so consider parking curbside a block or two away. My friend observes a gluten-free diet, and they were able to accommodate him very well. The rice crackers / ciabatta and olive oil were a nice touch. There was an extensive beverage offering (pleasing to a wine connoisseur). I ordered a house special burger, served with aged cheedar, a chipotle aioli, and sweet potato fries in a cajun spice. I found the sliced onion to be a little thick (I like onion, just not in large chunks), but otherwise the dish was pleasing. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. The price is on the plus side of the average, with dishes generally in the $15-30 range, not including drinks. But it has a wide variety of options and it's not a bad choice for a dinner night out.
The New World Bistro Bar isn't just a dining establishment, it's an eating experience. First, let me say that picky eaters may not do well here. Appetizers like kale chips and pork belly, although extremely delicious, may deter those with less-sophisticated palates. Service is what a restaurant should be, prompt, attentive, and consistent. The bold flavors, unique dishes, and superb service is what keeps me coming back.
I stopped in to this restaurant based on the reviews during my recent business trip to Albany. I'm glad that I did because I enjoyed perhaps my favorite meal of 2014 so far, and yes, right here in Albany. At the recommendation of the very friendly bartender, I enjoyed a Thai inspired grilled salmon over a risotto. I wasn't even going to eat carbs, and I couldn't help it. The warm bread, the entree and the great service made for a perfectly memorable meal and a great evening.
Great place.  They make a point of being very local and the menu changes with the seasons.  They also have veggie options that go well beyond what you'd typically expect. It's always crowded so make a reservation.
Main tofu good. However vegetable and rice over cooked. We have had better. Prices high and we expected more  .
Just got back from an amazing dinner at New World.  Being a vegetarian, I love the fact that they change their menu every so often and have specials. Keeps things exciting for me. We ordered the cauliflower nuggets and I was very impressed with the creativity and flavor of the dish. That with the toscano pizza with fig jam, blue cheese and argula was like a match made in heaven with a perfect blend of spiciness, crunchiness and a little sweetness from the fig jam. On top of that, the service was great. Worth the price and more.
Great food and drinks. No complaints. The nachos are incredible. Would recommend to anyone.
The New World Bistro is a very nice restaurant with a comfortable pleasing atmosphere. There is a parking lot conveniently located behind the restaurant. There isalsp  plenty of seating and it is quiet enough to comfortable converse. The food, most importantly is very tasty and well made. They have a good variety of interesting Spanish dishes. The only problem is the dishes are a tad pricey and beyond my meager graduate student budget. The portions at least are very generous and a couple could reasonable share a main course and appetizer. The restaurant also rotates seasonally appropriate menus. On one such visit, I ordered the Jamaican jerk chicken. This dish came with a side of mashed plantains which were very good, although I had expected them to be sliced. The other sides, kale and brow rice were also tasty. Additionally I ordered a mojito which was well mixed and not too strong. For dessert I had what they called a peanut butter and jelly ice cream sandwich. This dessert consisted of two huge home made peanut butter cookies with vanilla ice cream in between and covered with a blueberry sauce. The cookie sandwich was really creative and delicious though not beautifully presented. Overall I would highly recommend this restaurant for a fine dining experience. The dishes are large, delicious, and the atmosphere is comfortable yet stylish.
What a gem!! The servers and waitresses may be intimidatingly hot (um, where in Albany are these people hiding?!), the menu is completely appropriate for being a locally-grown, in-season mix of deliciousness, and the drinks were superb. My group of 8 was perfectly happy the entire time as we ordered various dishes throughout the night to share tapas-style. The crowd was mostly young professionals or colleagues. Try the sangria and definitely stick around for dessert.
One of my favorite places to eat in Albany! the versatility of the menu is impressive. If it's your first time, get the Thai Italian love. Highlights include Purple Haze Shrimp and tasty cocktails. The bar does an amazing Pisco Sour too.
I do business dinners everywhere and I'm a  chubby food snob. Place was awesome. very different menu but if your picky it still has something for you. i ordered the meatloaf which was crazy good. it was almost a 5 but the wine (napa cab) I ordered was suppose to be a 2010 but it was a 2012.. and this drives me nuts because it really makes a huge difference. Service was good as well
I'm still new to the area.   To be honest, I had never heard or "Celebrity Chef Ric Orlando" and I have no idea what a Saugerties is... or why having a restaurant there might be an especially good thing. Let me say upfront, despite how it may sound, this is an enthusiastic 4* review.  Not to say the restaurant doesn't have it's problems... it does.  BUT, it is so incredibly refreshing to see a restaurant that actually has restaurant quality ingredients on the menu.  Seriously. I am a bit particularly about my meat.  So when I saw on the menu (in advance of their opening) the grass fed beef burger, I was very much looking forward to forking over my $12 in exchange for a happy mound of flesh. Being fussy, I have an elaborate strategy about how to order hamburgers, so that I am pleased with their outcome (I like them pink all the way through with a cool center).  And I won't bore you with the details.  So I was concerned when the burger arrived and it had significant char on the exterior.  But there was no problem with the interior temperature, and the char really added to the taste and texture.   4 dings against the burger: 1) Meat was under salted, and there was no salt on the table 2) Slice of tomato (that I do sometimes enjoy) was mealy 3) Side of brocolli rabe was overcooked and mushy 4) Ketchup was delivered only on request and then ingloriously plopped on the table in all its plastic squeeze-bottle splendor I was excited by the idea of "Crispy Tofu Sticks" but shame on me for not confirming my expectations with our server.  In my mind they were something more akin to Tofu Fries, which sounded delicious.  Instead, they turned out to be tofu on skewers over some pasta with a spicy sauce, and not terribly crispy at that..  The appetizer portion could have been a light meal for one. Versus of course the appetizer beet salad portion, which probably consisted of one beet and half an orange.  And while the orange was segmented and removed from its membrane and pith (fancy fancy) the kitchen did a half-ass job and left chunks of pith on flesh.  It's either lazy or incompetent, who am I to say which. The fruit crisp of the day with ice cream was delicious.  And I enjoyed my beer with the burger.  My aperitif at the bar before dinner was a less successful story.  I ordered one of the "semiobscure classics that all serious bartenders know, and that amateurs have never heard of" and I'll let you guess which way that went. Obnoxious Cocktail Citation (paragraph 3, line 6-8): online.wsj.com/article/S… All the same, and I say this with all sincerity, I am really very excited to have NWBB in Albany, and am looking forward to going back again and again.  I have my eye on a few of those forbidden pleasures (minus the marrow bones - thank you Susan R)
BEST RESTAURANT IN ALBANY! Ric Orlando is the MANNNNNN, and whatever you order will be amazing! Super vegetarian friendly, I highly recommend the seitan wings with meanhouse BBQ sauce! The eggplant "meatballs" will knock your socks off, and you will never want to stop eating the nutella mousse for dessert. Simply the best.
This is a very lively restaurant, and by the number of reviews here, probably one of the most popular in the area.  It was packed tonight, and we're glad we were seated right away without a reservation. The first impressions of the menu is that it is ECLECTIC.  There are clearly elements of Asian and Caribbean in almost every dish served.  The selection is very large and was overwhelming for a first-timer. We tried several dishes--Purple Haze Shrimp and the Veggie Tapas platter for appetizers, and the Jerk Chicken Dinner and some fried Seitan dish my wife ordered. The shrimp with the "purple haze" sauce seemed a bit undercooked, but was assured that it was safe to eat, and it seemed okay.  The three jumbo shrimps are served with a very hot (and tasty) sauce with a side of diced pineapples.  The veggie tapas came with a meager serving of cut-up pita bread pieces with a mound of sweet-pickled veggies and four dips. The Jerk Chicken entree had half a chicken, very juicy, smothered with their jerk seasoning, served with black beans, rice, sweet potato and a single flat slice of fried plantain. So, here's the problem with everything we ate: the seasoning was overpowering, and the dishes were unbalanced.  There was not a single thing that was not seasoned with spices of some sort, often the same spices over and over again.  Everything on our entrees seemed to have been seasoned with cloves, allspice, and other strong spices.  We really desperately needed something to balance it--like rice, bread, cabbage--anything bland to help recover our palates.  Same goes for appetizers.  My jerk chicken plate came with roughly six forkfuls of rice, surrounded and outnumbered by the spiced horde.  Veggie tapas was entirely too sweet and sour, the dips were also spiced.  The diced pineapples are completely lost and nonsensical against the powerfully hot and sweet sauce, reminiscent of Korean gochujjang.  Everything we tasted seemed irrational. Clearly, this is an interesting restaurant with seemingly many interesting dishes, and we love the atmosphere, and we plan to try again.  And it may just be that our palates cannot comprehend the genius of their creator.  But we felt like victims to the unrelenting cacophony of spices.  I think I will be eating plain rice porridge for a week to recover.
I can not begin to express my delight at this new addition to the Albany restaurant scene. And I do not hesitate to give it 5 stars.  I have been there twice (I know, it has only been open for a few days...after I had gone with Kenz, Mis asked me for a drink and I had to share the wealth) and both times were wonderful and satisfying. The decor is wonderful - new and fresh even. They have left much of the old exposed brick and the walls that have been torn down exposed and then added their own touch.  There are several different dining areas that are delightful and unique in their own right. The service is very attentive from the filling of the water glasses - tap or saratoga was offered, to the replacement of utensils as needed. The wine list was impressive for it's varied selections and reasonably priced. The menu was filled with an eclectic combination of delights that left us with a difficult decision. We started out with the crispy fried tofu and yum yum. MMMM! It is a good thing that I love Kenz or I would have shoved her over while grabbing the last cube and noodles. Kena had the Ropa Vieja and was very very pleased. I was already getting full as I had also eaten the delicious rolls with olive oil so I only had a small Ceasar salad that was great on its own. When we came back later Mis had the Evita Perone pizza that was astonishingly flavorful - I can't wait to try the others in the list. Drie had the Salmon that was incredible (getting that next time) and Adam also enjoyed the Ropa Vieja.  We tried the Wasabi Deviled Eggs and they too were delicious as expected. Side note: we were informed that the drinks use all fresh ingredients like fresh lime juice instead of Rose's etc. This was wonderful news to everyone at the table. All in all we loved our experience and from what I could tell so did everyone else there. I may be in trouble and have to shop for a new wardrobe to fit my new larger self... I could go on and on in my delight but I will let you experience it for yourself. I am glad that Ric is back in town.
I was first introduced to this place at the Saugerties location, and the Albany location doesn't disappoint. Was here for brunch recently on a very rare outing with my husband. I had the Ropa Bennie which is same the Ropa Vieja pot roast they serve for dinner. For breakfast it was served on an open brioche with two poached eggs and a side of potatoes. Deee-lish. We also got the potato fritters with the apple chipotle sauce to share--needless to say, we couldn't finish all of this food. The first bite was heaven, so rich and decadent--but by bite 25 I just couldn't hack it anymore. I didn't realize they couldn't serve alcohol before noon (duh) so I missed out on my mimosa, but I wouldn't have had room anyway.
Here's the dilemma: Location. If this place were in Portland, it'd be three stars, at BEST. But since it's in Albany, and it's pretty unique, from what I can tell, it's worth four or five stars. Their schtick is local and organic. Which, unfortunately for the greater Albany area, is a pretty forward-thinking and novel idea. The Pacific Northwest has been doing this for decades now. While their food is adequate, I do have to ask, IS THIS REALLY WHAT YOU CONSIDER SPICY? Apparently, the chef has a 1-10 system set up on the menu to indicate spice level. A "3" is a dish that uses cayennes, and a "7" is something that uses jalapenos sparingly. Just to test me and my challenge to their spice chart, our waiter brought me some of their Purple Haze sauce to try with my fries. This was supposed to be a "9" on the spice factor, using habaneros, among other ingredients. Let me also mention that a few years ago, I could hold my spice okay. I can still SORT OF hold it, but I don't hold a candle to the likes of many of my friends. Purple Haze? Spicy glory? Uhhh...it's not that spicy. Yes, I said it. IT'S NOT. THAT. SPICY. It's actually pretty sweet, like they use honey to temper it. It tasted good, for what it's worth, but I'd say the heat level is closer to a 5 or 6...definitely not a 9. In other news, the burger wasn't bad, and I heard good things about the cracker-thin pizza and Hudson salad. I want to say, though, that these fairly standard meals aren't really worth the price we paid, though. My burger STARTED at $12 for a plain patty, and then increased by $1 for each topping you added (chipotle aioli and bacon, DUH). My dad's salad was a solid $15 because he wanted chicken. And a small pizza was around $12-$14. It's not someplace I'll be returning to if I have to foot the bill. I will say, though, that the pre-dinner hot roll with olive oil was AWESOME. So was the service. Ambiance...meh...I've experienced better, but then again, when I experienced it, it wasn't in Albany.....
Having heard much talk about New World we finally got a chance to have dinner on a rainy Friday.We had reservations, but the table next to us was empty all night, and we might have  been able to sneak in without one. Service was good, almost too good as we were asked how everything was about 7 times. My water was never less than half full, and plates did not sit empty. There is a person for everything. Our waitress took our order, someone else brought the food, different water boy, doggie bag girl.  Overall it felt well run. We ordered blackened green beans ta tI thought were great (spicy), deviled eggs with roe ( a little boring) and a spicy fried tofu served on noodles and sauce. Tofu is great when it's fried, if it wasn't for the tofu part in the middle they would be fantastic. Girlie got a local salad that was huge and really great, and I got a burger that was fantastic and by this point was not able to finish it.   We finished with a berry crumble that has been pictured below and coffee. Price was fair for what we got and we'll be back for sure.
Sorry Makenzie, I'm going to have to agree with your mother. I, too, am thrilled that this has opened in the Delaware Ave neighborhood, although having such a great place so close by may prove dangerous for both my wallet and my waistline. Despite my hesitancy to gush about so new a place,  I'm giving it high marks right away because on Saturday our food prompted my boyfriend to use the term "foodgasm" and I don't think he meant ironically. It's been open just half a week and I've been three times, once for a full meal on opening night, once for drinks and late-night apps and once for a dinner party. I love Orlando's commitment to using local products and grass-fed meats as often as possible. It's very refreshing. And all the seafood and fish is selected based on sustainability. The first time,  I tried the rope vieja, which was delicious and came with greens and sweet potatoes. I've had the Cajun blackened string beans with Cajun remoulade twice, because they're so delicious. I've also sampled the menudo, which was wonderful. Boyfriend has been very happy with his choices too. Good portion sizes and really, for what you're getting, I think it's very well priced. The ropa vieja was $20 and my boy's lamb dish was a few dollars more. Many of the entrees are also available in smaller portions for those with small appetites or those who can't make up their mind and need to try several things. Yes, guilty as charged. I highly recommend the gamebird rillettes. We've tried the dish twice and it's absolutely toothsome. Plus I dig the way it's served, with it's own little jar of cornichons. I wasn't as crazy about the roasted bone marrow and the pickled gigante beans with roasted red peppers were a little dull. I was also very happy with my latino steak frites. The steak was perfectly cooked, the chimichurri was delicious and I loved the banana ketchup that came with the frites. In fact, when I noticed my friend Tony wasn't going to eat his, I quickly bogarted them and sopped up every last drop of sauce on my plate. I also stole a bite of my friend Liam's risotto, which was also really good. For dessert, I tried the Nutella and marscapone mousse, which was even lighter and fluffier than I expected, but nonetheless tasty. I think I would have liked a bit more taste of the marscapone though. I pretty much guarantee we will be regulars. A few complaints: service on Sunday was not as good as the two previous trips. We were a table of 10, so perhaps that's why, but certain orders came out wrong or missing an item. For instance, the cheese o' the day came with just a tiny wedge of cheese and none of the promised fig jam. Those in our group who got the yeast-free flatbread pizzas weren't very happy with those either.
After moving up from Brooklyn, I've had my eye on NWBB for a while, now.  I was excited to have a restaurant in the area that seemed to best echo the type of food and dining experience I'm used to from living in the city.   Sadly, after a late dinner last night, I was left underwhelmed.   We got a bunch of things ... blackened string beans and white alici for apps (the white alici in particular wasn't very good - very strong, fishy tasting sardines, somewhat soggy bread, and unbalanced flavor). The pork nachos were definitely the best dish we ordered, but I tend to stay away from things like that, so I didn't really partake. I ordered blackened diver scallops with pineapple/sweet potato hash.  Overall, I thought the dish was a little bland, the scallops were a little overdone, and the hash was a little undercooked.  At $28, I was expecting a little more presentation, a little more care, and a little more flavor. I know that I'm really picky ... but I feel like I haven't found a great place to get a meal up here yet.  I was really hoping for New World to be the spot I would love ... Despite the lackluster dinner experience with NWBB, I haven't totally given up hope.  I will go back and try them for brunch.
We came here not knowing what to expect but, it being the 4th of July, they were open so we ended up there after our first choices were discovered to be closed.  We should have just come here first.  The food was amazing!  The pork belly dish was so tender it melted in your mouth, the curried cashews were addictive.  The Ropa Vieja was lovely and rich and satisfying - comfort food done right.  The Panang curry bolanese was unique, spicy and a wonderful blend of Thai and Italian - strange concept but it worked. The only down points were our Manhattans which had a slightly cinnamon taste which was odd.  The desserts were good but after the dinner , we expected to be blown away by them so were slightly disappointed.  The service was great and not intrusive.  The atmosphere was comfortable and welcoming.  We would definitely go back and were very satisfied with our experience at NWBB!
I was talking with a friend and we were discussing our favorite places in Albany. New World Bistro is hands down my favorite place, we've been there a bunch lately. We went in for the last week that they were featuring the plates Chef Ric prepared on Chopped. As a fan of the show it was a great experience, and the food was pretty tasty too. I doubt I would have ordered most of it again if it were a part of the regular menu, except perhaps the jerked quail. That are pretty good stuff no matter what. It was nice to know it was on the menu I had guests in town who are fussy eaters. And I don't mean Daniel B. fussy, I mean really fussy. Currently she only eats organic food, no meat and a bunch of other things that make my wife's gluten free diet a breeze to work with when we go out. I think there are rules about how many people can have touched the plate and the length of the eating utensils, but I might be remembering the rules with a little extra fuss. We were planning where to go and I mention New World. Seems that's my go to option these days. I guess it was partially self serving, I knew I would enjoy even if she did not. However, upon looking over the menu she found a bunch of items she not only could eat but sounded appetizing to her. I had the summer seafood bowl, and it was amazing. A big deep bowl filled with clams, mussels, scallops, crab meat, calamari and a bunch of other seafood. My wife asked if there was pasta or rice at the bottom of the bowl (no doubt trying to figure out if there was something with gluten so she could steal a bite) and I went digging to see. There was not a single filler in that bowl. My wife went to her old standby big bean pasta bowl. She does not enjoy gluten free pasta when she makes it at home so its an extra treat when we get it out. And our fussy guest had seitan cutlets. I had never heard of seitan before, no clue what it was. But it looked just like a pork chop. In fact, I mentioned she better check what she was served, I thought she might have had the wrong plate delivered. After tasting she insisted I try a bite. I am no vegan, I enjoy my carnivorous ways, but that is a vegetarian meal I could eat without feeling unsatisfied. Our only regret was the look on my wife's face as our waitress cut her taste off before she tried it. Seitan, as it turns out, is 100% gluten. So, our waitress saved my wife from a very unpleasant evening. In all, the service was great as always. There's always something new and exciting to try, and I have never had a meal I did not enjoy. Yes, it is perhaps a little more expensive to eat here than some other places. But it is amazing how well you'll budget when a trip to New World Bistro is the reward.
What better place to go locally to try laissez les bons temps rouler leading up to Mardi Gras than New World Bistro and Bar? We primed the pump with pints of Keegan's Mother's Milk Stout ($6) and Davidson's IPA ($5.25).  These along with the little square rolls topped with caraway, poppy seeds and salt were helpful in dealing with the "heat" of the Purple Haze Shrimp ($10).  Nice flavors in the sauce on the shrimp, but I have to admit that I was expecting it to be even spicier after receiving the warning from our waitress when we placed our order.  I'm not complaining, however, it was plenty spicy enough. My wife tried the Blackened Catfish ($22) with a Louisiana Bearnaise, corn pudding, and braised greens.  Great flavors in the spicing on the fish, truly blackened in the broiler, very creamy corn pudding with a hint of coconut, and a good sized portion. I went for a "taste" of all three of the Big Cajun Bowls ($23) that were offered: - Bayou Swamp Gumbo - deep dark roux, gator tail, duck, mudbugs; - Fried Seitan & Kidney Bean Gumbo - blonde roux, dark spices, greens (vegan bowl); - American Gulf Shrimp & Andouille Sausage Jambalaya - with brown rice. I didn't request any hot sauce because I wanted to taste the flavors of each offering.  In retrospect I think the vegan bowl and the gumbo would have benefited from some additional flavors and a "kick." My wife said she was "stuffed" but could not resist the Ice Cream Sandwich ($9) after it was described to her - Jane's black raspberry ice cream with house-made chocolate chip cookies.  I chose the Crème Brulee ($7.50) - ginger/lime.  Both desserts were delicious, especially the brulee. The coffee here is very good.  Lots of roasted flavor.  We weren't charged for ours since our waitress forgot to bring it before the bill.  But otherwise, for a very busy night the service was excellent. I'd really like to go with 3 1/2 stars because of the uniqueness of the menu items.  On previous visits over the last 2 years I probably would have given that other half of a star.  But it's been too long since those visits for me to have the recall necessary to justify it now.
I brought friends and family from NYC here in an attempt to remove their snobby New York City food critic persona and disprove the stereotypes they shared of upstate New York. I must say, I was incredibly impressed with New World Bistro Bar. I usually break down a restaurant by its service, food, and atmosphere. More often than not, a restaurant will satisfy two of those categories and fail miserably in one. If a restaurant can satisfy 2/3, I will generally leave a happy customer. Every so often, a restaurant scores perfectly in ALL three categories, and they become worthy of a true 5 star review. The service was excellent, our waiter was attentive and friendly, and the bartender was equally pleasant. The atmosphere was comfortable and not too dark and gloomy. The food, well the food is great. They are so many unique dishes, and many of them have a really spicy kick. It's not your typical jalapeño/hot sauce/red pepper spice, but each dish has its own individual flare. If you like eating at places like Fridays, Applebees, and Chilis, then NWBB is not for you. It's for people who enjoy the finer aspects of a culinary experience. Try the pan blackened string beans, and the Jamaican Jerk chicken. P.S. They have some lovely beers on tap as well. Overall, great experience. Excellent service, serene atmosphere, and delicious food.
Love this place.  I heard great things and had been meaning to try New World Bistro for quite some time, so the Husband and I finally decided to come for a landmark birthday celebration.  The staff was very warm and attentive, the atmosphere cozy, and the food so good that I considered milling around awhile until I was hungry again for the next meal.  It's great that they buy local produce and grass fed meats, which also means that the menu changes with the seasons.  Yummy and unique flavor combinations.  Again:  Love. Husband tried a beer from their selection which he very much enjoyed, and I had a tasty white wine sangria.  We ordered an appetizer off the specials menu, consisting of fresh mozzarella over tomato slices crusted with a sesame seed concoction.  It was so good, I'm pretty sure I moaned and groaned with each bite.   The Husband ordered a special entree, something involving pork chops, which was very tender and flavorful.  I had the Hemp Nut Crusted Ahi Tuna Steak, which was delicious.  I again found myself oohing and ahhing.   We were stuffed after all that good food, but being a special occasion and all, we couldn't pass up dessert.  Husband had the ice cream sandwich and I the creme brulee.  So.  Good. If only New World were just a tad cheaper.  It's well worth it; however, at $20-$30 bucks per entree, plus the irresistible temptation to sample their alcoholic selections and amazing apps/ desserts, it's a bit more than we want to pay to make it a weekly stop for dinner.  But oh boy, am I looking forward to our next visit.  Mmmm.
Ric Orlando has been my favorite for probably 17 years. I started going to New World Home Cooking in Saugerties when I was a child and immediately fell in love with the blackened stringbeans. Order these at NWBB! Although I am not in Albany much anymore, I was ecstatic when they opened the Bistro in Albany a few years ago. NWBB is hands down my favorite restaurant in Albany. The service is consistently excellent. The servers have extensive knowledge of every menu item, including the specials. They offer good advice on wine pairings as well as specific taste combinations when ordering food to share, etc. The servers and the kitchen staff are extremely accommodating of food allergies as well. My last visit to NWBB was two days ago, and I'm still salivating over the food and wine. My date started with a lovely Provence Rose wine, and I had the Black Bubbles, which was an extraordinarily dark sparkling red wine. I'd never tasted anything like it! I highly recommend. My date's second glass was a lovely, very intense and complex California Grenache. The warm multigrain/seed rolls and olive oil are freshly baked and nice to munch on while waiting for food. We ordered our appetizer and both entrees off the evening's specials menu. My date and I shared everything. 1. Salad: Farmer's Market Salad of the Day $10- Local Grilled Peach and Spinach Salad with sweet basil, local blueberries, toasted sunflower seeds, OCSHC Ewe's Blue, lemon - wild thyme vinaigrette.    This was absolutely delightful. The wild thyme vinaigrette combined with the basil was some serious umami. The thyme vinaigrette was an inventive addition and I really appreciated that they didn't go with a black truffle vinaigrette, which everyone seems to be doing on their market salads this summer. 2. New Bedford Diver Scallops on the Grill $28 - roasted garlic - citrus marinade, black mission fig - heirloom tomato salad, kalamatta olives, fregola sardo, lemon, Raneiri olive oil    These scallops. Were. SO. FREAKING. SUCCULENT. And so flavorful. Wowowow. My date normally isn't a big shellfish fan, and he was absolutely enamored. I wanted these scallops to last forever. The accompaniments were perfect. Fregola sardo, in case you're like me and didn't know what this was, is a whole grain hand-rolled couscous. It was lightly dressed in lemon and olive oil, and was the perfect grain addition to the dish. 3. Southeast Asian Style Shortribs on the Grill $26- rich and chewy shortribs in a  chili garlic-hoisin marinade with green mango slaw, ginger rice, fried peanuts, citrus - herb vinaigrette    The waitress was quick to suggest these as soon as she handed us the specials menu. She pointed out that although beef shortribs are usually braised forever and served falling off the bone, these are grilled more like spareribs and you get a VERY generous portion (two giant pieces of meat, probably 4 ribs in each piece). The meat is grilled to PERFECTION. My date and I were both sucking the meat and the crispy fat off the bones at the end. The mango slaw is a perfectly tart accompaniment, and the ginger fried rice and roasted peanuts compliment the meat flavor really well. There is some heat in the chili-garlic-hoisin marinade but it's really well-balanced. 4. Blueberry-peach crumble- $8? It was on the blackboard of dessert specials that evening. It happened to be vegan, convenient for my dairy allergy. The topping was made with olive oil instead of butter. It was warm and scrumptious and buttery (somehow!) and went well with our post-dinner herbal tea. The bill came out to ~$120 which included 1 app, 2 entrees, 3 glasses of wine, a dessert and tea. A bit of a splurge but utterly worth it. We savored dinner for about 3 hours and the server didn't mind at all. The normal (not nightly specials) menu is also wonderful and I've never been disappointed. It's also great for brunch. The food is superb and the champagne cocktails are delicious! I also come here on occasion later in the evening for just wine and dessert and they are perfectly accommodating about seating a group for this (even if you're not ordering dinner). Needless to say, I highly recommend New World Bistro Bar! It's romantic for a date, celebratory for a special occasion, perfectly accomadating of an intimate date or a large group. It doesn't hurt to see a film at The Spectrum before or after dinner, either :)
I found this attractive restaurant to be delightful at first, then they turned on modern rock at 85 db.  Yes, they turned it down after being asked by someone else and again when I asked.  It's a restaurant; patrons shouldn't need to ask to have them act adult.   The service was obsequious, but competent at first.  The gazpacho was very good till the finish which had melon on it and the sweetness killed off the vinegar/parsley/scallion flavors. We then had the jerked chicken requested to be spiced 7/10 and the Columbian shrimp with salsa.  This was 7/10, but the chicken was a 2 or 3 out of 10. Wine was tasty and well chosen. I liked the place, thought the service deteriorated into a popularity contest for the restaurant and waitress, but the food was worth the trip.
I've never been let down by this restaurant and there was a time when I would get take-out 3 or 4 times a week. First of all, New World has, BY FAR, the best burgers in the albany area. Granted it will run around $18 with desired fixings, but it is well worth it because of the high quality grass fed local beef. They even have four or so sauces to choose from, I prefer the purple haze (spicy)! OK MOVING ON! This is THE place to go on date night, just make sure you reserve a booth because the tables for two are right on top of each other. I was there this past weekend and had the muscle and tilefish specials. They were the best muscles I have EVER had..no joke. They use a seafood supplier called sea2table.com who literally gets the seafood from the ocean to the dish in a couple days. I would recommend getting seafood here as it is the freshest seafood in Albany and you know it will be prepared well. Another one of my favorite dishes is the Thai-Italian pappardelle love. It is a spicy bolognese type dish but with a light thai curry-like broth and large pasta, VERY SPICY and extremely delicious. Another one of my favorite spicy dishes is the blackened string bean appetizer, I wouldn't recommend this as a side dish because the strong spicy flavor will dominate your palate but it is one of my favorite apps. If you're into spicy I would also get the purple haze shrimp appetizer. The Curry dish is very good and of course, the steak is all natural, grass fed, local beef. I come here all the time and I can honestly say I don't come here enough. Even if you have one of the most discriminating palates in the capital region, this bistro will satisfy, guaranteed.
One of my favorite spots in Albany to eat. Local, organic, gluten-free options, great atmosphere I loved everything about it. Brussel sprout chips. Jerk chicken. AMAZING deserts. Price is fair for the quality of food highly recommend going (try brunch too!) especially if you like it spicy.
I thoroughly enjoy every dining experience I have at the New World Bistro.  Every time I order a meal it comes out perfectly.  One would think on occasion that you may have a dining experience that isn't meant to write home to mom about but not this place. I highly recommend the Pork chop with bone in.  The seasoning is perfect and never disappoints.  This is the place I would gladly take friends to with out the need to worry about the quality of food and options available. Will definitely visit this fine establishment many more times.  The only negative I have is with the parking but has nothing to do with my rating because I would walk a few blocks easily to dine here.
Went here with friends while visiting the area.  We went for dinner on a Wed. night.  Food here is solid.  The menu has many interesting things on it, and appears to have a seasonal component which is nice if we come back during other times of the year.   First: Booze.  On special was the white sangria. It was very very tasty.  Also at the table was the blueberry wheat beer, also excellent.  That's as far as we dove into the libations. For appetizers, we had the littleneck clams, blackened green beans (based on a recommendation here), the pizza with duck and pineapple, papas bravas.  The first three were very tasty, but were somewhat over-flavored and/or over-salted.  I would have LOVED the beans if they had about 1/4 of the flavoring, and skip the dipping sauce.  The papas.... well... they were french fries with some sort of lemon-cream dipping sauce - it was not bravas sauce.  I would skip that the next time. For entree, I was hoping for the coriander scallops with the sweet corn pudding.  Alas, they were out of scallops.  Meh, it was Wednesday.  I understood.  Instead, I  had the smaller plating of the Island Seafood bowl (also sans scallops).  It was very good!  The broth was flavorful but not over the top, the seafood was properly cooked, and the small bowl was plenty.   For desert we shared the sampler.  Very good!  Had it with the brandy that paired with the truffle and it was excellent.   We left full, and the food was solid.  For Albany, it's a great place to take friends.  For a foodie (which I am not), maybe it's not perfect, but I'd definitely go back if we're in town again.
I like what Ric Orlando is trying to do, really.  New World Bistro, though, just doesn't work.   The menu is interesting, albeit a bit overwhelming.  The food in general here tends to try and do too much.  Just like the restaurant itself.  Sometimes a plethora of ingredients come together to create something more; here, it can taste like a train wreck.  The jerk chicken, the house specialty, doesn't have any pronounced flavor, it just tastes like too much.  Many of the appetizers also suffer from a lack of coherent flavor.  Maybe its just me, but I prefer bold pronounced flavors rather than hiding them behind 40 other spices.   That said, simple items like the sandwiches and burgers are good, a little expensive, but good.  Grass-fed beef is always a plus. But mainly I will not be returning to this restaurant because it does not run smoothly.  It's not extremely expensive, but also considering this is the restaurant of a "Chopped champion" and supposedly the best American and International cuisine in Albany, my empty plates should not be sitting on my table for more than 20 minutes, and my water glass should be refilled without having to ask more than once.   Finally, in my jerk chicken, the rice and beans, there was a small rock (had it been in the flavorless greens I probably wouldn't have noticed).  I told the waiter and he was very apologetic but seriously, home cooks check dried beans for rocks.  This was only a one time occurrence but nonetheless it contributed to my overall distaste for this restaurant.
As someone exposed on a daily basis to the dreary choices of pizza, sandwiches, or soup on campus, I am delighted to see unique, rotating menu based on seasonal foods. On my latest trip, they had a Cajun theme in honor of Mardi Gras. Atmosphere: Dressy casual Relaxed enough for jeans but bring a dress shirt. Seating: Booths or open tables. When I came with a group, there was quite a wait (even with reservations) since they had to put tables together. However, on a recent date, we were seated right away. The hostess was accommodating in our request for a booth. Drinks: Full bar. Brut Rose ($16/half bottle) A reasonably priced bottle of sparkling wine to celebrate a belated Valentine's Day Malbec Passo Doble ($8/glass) Note: For a place that offers Beer Flights at $6, a decent deal at any typical beer garden, they have a very limited selection of beers on draft, one of which is PBR. Food: AMAZING!~ Ahi Tuna Poke appetizer ($9.5) Extremely fresh chunks of tuna on fried crisps with chili mayo and scallions. Too bad there were only 3 to a plate. Skip the olive oil and save the complimentary bread roll to dip in any remaining sauce. Bayou Swamp Gumbo entree ($23) Savory sauce over pieces of gator tail, duck, crawfish, and brown rice, topped with collard greens. I loved that this was super saucy and thick without being overpowering. American Gulf Shrimp & Andouille Sausage Jambalaya entree ($23) Very fresh shrimp and crisped sausage that had a nice snap when you bit down. Perfect portion sizes for both of these dishes. I wish that we had room for dessert (our waiter claimed the beignets were just like the ones at Cafe du Monde!) but the selections must have been popular as servers were erasing/replacing items on the blackboard. Overall, an expensive but worthwhile experience!
I absolutely love New World.  They have some of the most creative dishes that are always delicious.  If you like spice this is a place you'll love since a lot of their dishes are very spicy!  New World really comes up with some amazing dishes.  One of my favorite dishes is the thai pappardelle love while my favorite appetizer are the blackened string beans--both good and spicy :)  Last time I was there I tried their meatloaf special and this was no mom's meatloaf!  I typically hate meatloaf but this was amazing.   I love how they use local, grass fed meat as well as super fresh seafood.  You really cannot go wrong with anything you order. The waitstaff is friendly and attentive.  One downside is that some of the tables are very cramped.  Last time I felt like I was on a double date with the couple next to us.  I could hear their entire conversation.  It was a little awkward.  I would definitely make a reservation and ask for a booth if you want a more intimate setting.  The parking lot is kind of small and can get kind of cramped.   The prices are fair for the quality of food you are getting.  They also have small plates for most of their entrees if you are looking for a smaller portion at a smaller price.   I definitely recommend New World for a date night or just dinner with friends.  It has a very trendy feel to it and the food does not disappoint.  If you really want special, try the original New World in Saugerties, NY.  Ric Orlando cooks there!!!
Everything they served us here was delicious.  But pay close attention to that spicy scale on the menu - we ordered blackened green beans (which were a 6.5 out of 10 on the hot scale) and they about burned my mouth off.  They were excellent and I would've eaten more if my mouth weren't on fire, or if the waitress would've filled my water more often!  I had to practically beg for extra water. The fresh rolls they brought out with a plate of olive oil were AMAZlNG.  I love bread and I would go back just for these rolls. We also had the vegan saiten wings for an appetizer, these were even hotter than the green beans.  Excellent for a non-meat imitation chicken wing.  But S-P-I-C-Y! Overall, all of the dishes were excellent.  I would definitely go for a side of olive oil mashers (with skin in them, I love that).   And by all means leave room for dessert!  The ice cream sandwich was cinnamon last night and it was good, but I thought the choco crazy brownie sundae was even better.  (Chocolate fudge brownie with chocolate ice cream, chocolate chips and whippped cream.) I would definitely recommend this place - especially if you like to eat local foods and are willing to wait for "everything cooked from scratch."
Really outstanding food. Seriously good eats. Tonight, I had a special small plate appetizer of house made duck prosciutto bruschetta, and then moved on to the Latin steak frites. The steak was a locally sourced, 12oz NY Strip that was a perfect medium throughout. It was tender, flavorful and well-prepared on it's own. The steak is served with house-made fries and a seriously "out of this world" banana ketchup. I had no idea what to expect when I saw it on the menu, but if I never let Heinz cross my lips ever again, it's because of this stuff. A ketchup that is distinctively banana sweet, but also smoky, also a bit spicy AND rich in tomato flavor, this is a force to be reckoned with. As for a bit of green on the plate, the broccoli rabe offered the acidic balance to the plate. After dinner, I had to save a bit of room for dessert. Thank you, New World Bistro for having the decency to offer dessert tapas. A trio of nutella mousse, lemon curd and a rich chocolate truffle dusted in cinnamon and chili powder covered almost all the bases. An Irish cream coffee grounded this dessert perfectly. Great dining experience!
I went here for brunch two years ago.  Food was different, tasted great. I decided to try dinner here last night...and WOW!  EXCELLENT! The menu has a wide variety of foods, most of which are VERY different than you will find on other menus in the area.  I was nervous I may not find something on the menu I would like, but I SURE DID. Full bar, average drink prices.   appetizers:  I had the  purple haze shrimp.  They will tell you when you order that they are spicy...and they are NOT kidding!  Holy crap.  I love spicy food, but these are a tear jerker.  I definitely would order again though.  They are 3 Jumbo shrimp served with a weird purple sauce (tastes like nothing I've ever had).  The sauce was Excellent. My two friends ordered the saigon street calamari.  Very good sized portion, served over steamed string beans.  They really enjoyed it. Entree: I had the Jerk Chicken with 7* spiciness (they give you a scale and a few options to choose from for the amount of spice you want).  This was the best jerk chicken I've ever had!  Even better than the Jerk I had in Negril jamaica, and montego bay Jamaica!  FYI....it is a HALF chicken (huge portion) and it is served on the bone. One of my friends had the Tuna for dinner and he loved it.  It's served over couscous with spinach and some other stuff.  FYI...the Tuna is cooked almost raw.  It's just browned and seasoned on each side. My other two friends went simple and had the burger and fries.  Both of them loved the burger. The service was AMAZING.  The water glass was legit full the entire meal (probably because of all the spicy food!)  And our waiter was So nice, very attentive and quick!  Some of the menu items do take a little longer to cook so be advised of that as well.
If they weren't so expensive I'd eat here every week. So far I've only been twice, and both times we ate at the bar. Both times I had the Jerk Chicken Dinner at the 7/10 spiciness. I like it spicy, but that's almost too much for me. Yet it's so good you can't stop eating it.
Good food, but strange choices in menu rotation.  For example, one of the issues that keeps me from giving the Bistro a 5-star review is that Chef Ric took his olive oil mashed potatoes off the menu, just in time for winter.  It was replaced with a corn pudding that I find texturally bizarre and strange-tasting.  Replacing a universal comfort food with something unknown and dissimilar is something I just don't understand. That said, I love everything else about the restaurant.  I've made reservations, I've walked in, I've sat at the bar and regardless of when I go or where I site, the service is exceptional.   I don't expect a high-end restaurant to be friendly and welcoming, but NWBB is exactly that.  It fits perfectly with the Spectrum and the UV Cafe, but it also makes a statement that good, gourmet food doesn't have to be pretentious.
This place is really great and REALLY interesting. 1. the ambiance is really upscale and earthy at the same time 2. the food is imaginative, original and delicious 3. the staff is super friendly and helpful If your looking to change it up, try this place. You wont be sorry.
Not for the faint of heart; but for those willing to experiment with dishes unfamiliar to your typical restaurant, you will not be disappointed. An emphasis is placed on spice but not to worry as their is a spice scale ranging from 1* - 10* and enough menu variety that you will find something to your liking regardless of your spice threshold. The menu changes with the season and I find the desert menu to be especially outstanding. Most recently I've had the pumpkin hummus for starters, Ropa Vieja as my main dish, and Demitasse Nutella Mascarpone Mousse paired with Frangelico for desert. All were out of this world.
I cannot WAIT to go back! Imaginative food! Different takes on so many international dishes, with American flare. Portion sizes are just right. Great atmosphere, lively and inviting. The staff knows the food inside and out, I asked about so many things! Waitress was very helpful. We made a reservation, and when they couldn't meet it, the staff did everything possible to get us seated. Great service! Prices are resonable for the quality of food, I think. Definately make reservations, you won't be sorry!
Great food at a great place. Waiting staff was very good at switching the meals! Great Experience!
An excellent place to have dinner, NWBB combines very interesting asian flavors with Western flavors.  I had the wasabi-tobiko deviled egg as a starter, but what really made my tastebuds happy was the spicy panang curry bolognese pappardelle.  WOW.  If I came back I would order this dish every single time because I've literally never had anything like it.  I now want to make this dish at home. The cocktail and wine list is great and the bar is well-stocked.  However, they need to work on some desserts.  If one of your specials is an ice cream cookie, the cookie should be soft and chewy, not hard.  And the cookies weren't even frozen, they were just hard.  Please, improve this because it doesn't match the quality of the rest of your menu. Solid 4 stars.
For a large group we were sat quickly, the only downside was that we were very close to the bar and it was a little loud. I started with a cucumber gin drink special that was amazing. Two of my favorite things in one drink!  Whats, not to love? Appetizers were ordered and arrived relatively quickly. All were pretty fantastic but the stand out had to be the bone marrow. It was superb, I probably could have made a meal out of just that. I felt the entrees did not live up to the greatness of the appetizers. I had the spicy pork noodle bowl and it was just ok. The pork pieces were good but I could have done without the ear and skin. I am glad I tried it but one bite of each strange pork product was enough. The soup did have a wonderful spice level but was lacking in noodles. There were some but not as many as I would have liked. Finally for the vegetables in the soup... The bean sprouts were a nice touch but the bok choy was very undercooked and too tough to eat. Overall the flavors were nice but it left a bit to be desired as an entree. Some of my table mates had similar reviews of their entrees while others were blown away. I guess it just depends on what you order.  Desserts were back to the amazing g end of the spectrum. My favorite was the espresso creme brulee. It was perfection in a small ceramic container.  I would love the chance to dine here again the next time I visit to try more of the menu. I'm pretty sure I just picked poorly this round. Server was very helpful and my water glass never went empty. One day, I'll be back... until then, I'll dream of perfect bone marrow slathered on toast!
While in Albany this restaurant was highly recommended by locals. It was also near a movie theater showing the new Harry Potter which my son wanted to see. We didn't have a reservation and was told they were fully booked. We left. Later the hostess tracked us down outside as they had a cancellation. How brilliant! The food was excellent! Quite interesting dishes. Service was impeccable. My son had the brown rice risotto with blackened prawns. Off the hook. My wife had the fish special which was outstanding. The special fried sweetbreads sliders were delicious. I highly recommend this place!
Serves as a very good brunch place at affordable prices.  I've been here 5-6 times for brunch in the last year.  Certainly a better brunch location than a dinner location.   Again, the place has a great vibe as far as Albany goes.  The wait staff are excellent and well trained/controlled. I'd give this place 3.5 stars but yelp doesn't allow that and it's not really a 4 star place so it stays at 3 stars.
We really enjoyed our experience here. All of the food we ordered was excellent, our only complaint was the noise level was fairly high and it took awhile to get the food out after we ordered. I'd definitely like to go back and try it again though to give it another chance as the food we got was excellent.
I was upstate recently visiting my family, and went to this place after a movie at the tiny movie theatre next door.  What a surprise... I had no idea what I was getting into, but the food was really tasty.  Had an arugula salad which I have to say was probably the best salad I've ever had in my life!  Sunflower seeds, sheets of parmesan cheese, and a perfect sweet vinegar dressing.  The mojitos and caiparanas were really tasty too.  I complained that the first one was kinda weak, and the waitress brought out the second one, I think they gave me a double.  I couldn't stand after that!   I ordered a noodle tofu curry as my main course, and was really impressed with that too.  All the veggies were cooked well.   The only funny thing about the place was the service.  It was very attentive, but had this faux friendly tone to it, like the bus boys, hostess, and waitress were all our best best friends.  It was kinda funny, but in a harmless enough way.  Just a little irritating, I guess. Overall the place is a pricey, but I would go back cause the food was so good.
My trips to the Capital District are become more and more infrequent.  This is one place that has been on my list for a while, and I was looking forward to trying it out on a recent trip.  I was there with my better half one Thursday night, and the place was pretty busy. We had reservations, and were seated promptly.  Being our first time there, we were given the full run down of the menu and "Ricter" heat scale by our waitress.  Throughout the meal she was friendly and attentive.  But never overbearing.   We ordered a calamari appetizer.  It was done very well.  I can't remember 100%, but I believe there were greens underneath.  Regardless, a great way to start the night. For our meals, my fiance had the salmon w/ peanut sauce.  She said it was one of the best pieces of salmon she'd ever had.  The flavors all melded together, but each was distinct.  The salmon was sushi grade, so served rather raw, and had great flavor.   I had the Thai-Italian Panang Curry Bolognese.  Thai and Italian are two of, if not my favorite types of food.  But I had no idea how they would mix.  And to be honest, they mixed rather superbly.  There was some heat/creaminess from the Thai side, but some nice tomato flavors from the Italian side.  The oversized noodles were spot on.  There was also beef mixed in.  And although small, the dish came out HOT.  I love it when hot foods come out hot. We had a classic tapas trio to finish off the night.  The lemon curd was my favorite.  It was bright, but like our waitress, not overbearing.   A great meal, with great service in a nice place.  Will be back on future visits.
Went here for Sunday brunch a few weeks back.  Helps that it's within walking distance so us lazy folk can walk there, eat a big brunch, then walk a bit of it off on the way home. Prices for brunch are decent, about $10 a plate.  I found the prices for the coffee to be exorbitant though...if I remember correctly, they charged about 2 bucks per cup (and I had two!).  Not cool for someone who depends on the stuff to get going. Food was great...the boy ended up getting an "omelette of the day" that used fresh ingredients available at that time.  I can't remember exactly what was in it, but it was huge and apparently tasty, because it was polished off completely.  I got huevos tradicionale and was pretty pleased with that, although my "tortillas" flaked to pieces for the most part. It wasn't busy at all when we went, so we were seated immediately and service was quick.  I'd be curious to know if it is like that all the time.  This is a place I'll probably be going back to for some decently priced, quick brunch goodness.
I just wanted to update to say that they're now cutting the marrow bone length-wise. The bone marrow was fine, but this makes it a lot easier to handle.
You are a gem, my friends. We came in after a movie at the Spectrum and we were treated with absolute warmth and kindness. For people who think its too expensive: we were visiting from San Francisco and this food rivaled things from our fine culinary home in CA. The prices are fair and honest. The food is exciting and inventive.  Haters are the worst! MANY THANKS to a lovely staff.
My boyfriend's mom lives in the area, so we visit Albany periodically.  As the area is not a mecca of veg-friendliness (my boyfriend is vegetarian and I am vegan), it's nice to find a place that has options, especially when they are broken out on a separate menu.  NWBB also does a holiday menu that has one or two vegan items, but there's plenty on their vegan menu. The bluecorn-crusted seitan is just incredible, and the portion way too much for one meal, especially after a small serving of the (holiday) Kwanza Peanut Soup and a roll.  It's also delicious, which too few places get right.  I appreciate it when an omni restaurant branches out into seitan and other common staples. The service was friendly and informative as well. I probably would skip brunch next time, but it''s a great place to go for dinner.
The food is DELICIOUS but service can be much improved. I came here with a large group and we shared the cheese platter, veggie platter, and pumpkin hummus for apps.  I would definitely reorder the cheese platter.  The veggie platter was alright and the hummus was unmemorable - it could have been more flavorful. I chose my entree from their list of daily specials - the hanger steak.  OMG it was sooo good!  And this is coming from a steak snob.  The steak was seared perfectly on the outside, perfect medium rare on the inside.  There were veggie accompaniments (winter vegetables that included a dark leafy veggie, some diced pumpkin, etc - all of which was flavored impeccably) contained within a small pot pie pastry.  It was hands down fabulous. Service was spotty and slow.  Entrees came out at different times - the last entree didn't come out until some ppl in my group were done eating!!!  Very bad. Bottom line: come here for a fantastic meal, but make sure you have a ton of time in your evening to spare!
New World Bistro is probably the best food I've had during my one month stay in Albany.  Their extensive and eclectic menu was a pleasant surprise compared to the bar food that we had been experiencing during our stay. I tried the pate plate and the bone marrow, both of which were superb. The service was friendly and attentive.  Seems like a good place to bring a family or a date.  Would be the first place to recommend to someone visiting Albany.
Not what we expected from the reviews. The food was a creative blend of interesting ingredients. Four of us shared a variety of dishes including the "CAGE" BLACKENED STRINGBEANS, NWBB PIGGY NACHOS, NEW-OLD WORLD CHEESE PLATE, & TOSCANO / TIE DYE PIES. They brought our food but no side plates. Always a disappointment to be staring at your food as it gets cold. The beans were tried but no one really enjoyed. Nachos got an "A" from the diners and they said the pork was fabulous. Here is the warning ,,, the purple haze sauce is hot and spicy. I enjoy spicy but not to the point there is no flavor. No one finished their piece of TIE DYE PIE, most just had one bite, and we left more than 1/2 on the plate.  The TOSCANO was good with the fig jam, worth a try.
Three Words:  Purple Haze Shrimp! I treat myself to this hellishly hot delicacy about 3 times a year.  Any more than that, and I will probably find a whole burned through my stomach.  I will say that I enjoy heat in my food (Buyer beware this will make you cry a little every time).   I put in some very long days, so I am typically on the prowl for great take out food (but avoiding fast food and chain restaurants).  The Deluxe burger is my "go to" burger.  I enjoy the burger to go about once a month.  And the fries are not only fantastic, but they hold up, hot and crispy) through the 10 minute ride home. Due to my busy schedule I rarely have time to sit down and enjoy a meal. I am typically taking it home so that I can eat and work at the same time.  On one occasion I requested the Calamari to go.  They told me that they would not be able to make the order togo, because the calamari would not be at it's best.  I APPLAUD this.  A Chef with pride before the dollar.  Kudos! See you soon New World!
Great place. New World Bistro Bar is inventive and their menu is seasonal and locally sourced. They're not quite good enough for the fifth star, but I know I'll always get to try something interesting and new. I've been here several times for dinner and also for brunch and have sampled many offerings. I recommend: * the tapas appetizer sampler, whose standouts include great babaganoush and wasabi deviled eggs. The olives were also of great quality. * the fries with banana ketchup * their flatbread pizzas (I had a blonde-on-blonde with truffle oil, potatoes and cheese, which was fantastic, but I believe not currently available) * arugula salad (tangy and delicious) or simple salad with the cider vinagriette. The 'simple' salad was large with fresh greens and tons of veggies. * the no-crash risotto: outstanding!! * the mushroom bennies for brunch and the clam hash Occasionally I have been disappointed by a few items -  *  orreciette w/ broccoli rabe was dull - I actually used some salt on this. It wasn't badly prepared, just... boring.  * the yellow curry was enjoyable, but also forgettable  * I wish they would offer something else than seitan in their rotating veggie special... some of the seitan dishes have been just so-so and I would like to see some tofu or tempeh as a protein source for variety.  * Dessert has been hit-or-miss. I thought their Nutella/marscapone mousse was wonderful - very light and I can't wait to go back for more. Their bananas foster was meh, though. However - it's still a wonderful place and I always look forward to eating there. It's one of the few places I know I can visit every few months and get an entirely different menu, which I think is just fantastic. I also love that I can get half portions of some items. Be warned though, it gets extremely busy on the weekends!
Okay, I've been here innumerable times since their soft opening and have  nearly always had a great time and great meals and can unequivocally say it's one of my favorite places in Albany. Fab bartenders, maybe the best in the area, wonderful staff, great owners, talented and quirky chef and cooks, all charmingly tolerant of those of us who on occasion (read "frequently") overindulge our vices. On the equivocal side, sometimes I find the menu so novel and diverse I feel like I'm dining at an upscale Archie McPhee's. mcphee.com/shop
Love it. It's a great place to go if you're vegetarian or a meat eater. As a vegan, I loved the Saitan medallions and the spicy pan blackened string beans. My cousin had the burger. We were both very pleased. Also, try the "dark and stormy."... A very nice drink. Ginger brew and Puerto Rican rum. So good!
I went with visiting guests for brunch this morning and had a great experience. Food was unique and delicious. Server was great.
I finally got around to visiting New World Bistro last Friday and am a little irked I haven't gone sooner. I started out with the Harvest Sangria which was decent, a little fruity, some cinnamon, but it was lacking a sharp bite of alcohol so fell a little flat.   I had the half a dozen oysters to start.  They were wicked fresh - as good as I've had on the coast (I am very picky about my oysters).  My only problem is that they were gone in 30 seconds.  Two sauces - one mango something and a cocktail accompanied the dish, but I was too busy sucking them down plain to notice.  I did taste the sauces afterword and they were so good I might have drank them straight down on the spot if I'd been raised in a barn. Hubby started with fried calamari app which came with a level 9 habenero sauce.  That was an amazing dish.  The spicy sauce was so full of flavor and delicious.  It managed to be hot and spicy (as in depth of flavor) - it was terrific.  I almost wish I had a plate of plain salted french fries just to dip in all the sauces. I made one critical error in ordering that is still making me angry today.  I usually will not order anything I can make at home.  But for some reason I was craving scallops so I ordered the prosciutto di parma wrapped scallops - which, to me, is an easy dish to perfect at home.  At over $25 I guess I was expecting more than 3 scallops.  Ouch.  While they were cooked well, I found the proscuitto too salty (which is saying a lot for me - I'm like the salt monster, Nancy, from the Star Trek original series episode, The Man Trap - I LIVE for salt).  I really should have ordered the tuna or the jerk chicken.  I'm disappointed in myself for not ordering something better. Husband had a pasta of the day dish that was fantastic, but I was a little drunk at that point and don't recall what all was in it (in my defense, there were a number of items in the dish - shrimp maybe?)...I just remember it was tasty. I really truly love that they have beverage suggestions with the desserts.  I had the chocolate truffle and the madeira wine.  The chocolate was supposed to be a chili chocolate but I couldn't taste it at all - but the truffle was dark and delicious nevertheless. I would have liked to have seen more citrus offerings on the dessert menu. I usually like something refreshing like a lemon tart or key lime pie after a hearty and savory meal - but I guess that's personal preference. Because everything that surrounded the main entree that I found disappointing was tremendous - I will be back and it will be soon.  There is so much more on the menu to try.  I didn't even opt for one of the forbidden pleasures which will definitely be a must on my next visit.  Overall I was impressed, the wait staff was terrific, answered questions and made the evening enjoyable.  It was a very nice experience.
How about yeah. If you want your food full of flavor, with an international bent and a focus on interesting ingredients, New World is the place. Not a traditional fine dining establishment and not all attempts are successful; you have to be adventurous, a little forgiving at times. Conservative eaters will find little to love here. But for my money, the best experience in the capital district. They have a philosophy and they care deeply about it, Sandwiches make a good value dinner. Brunch is fun. Love the forbidden pleasures menu. Plenty of well marked vegetarian options. Also great cocktails...tad expensive bar. Beer is not worth it, stick to wine and mixed drinks IMO.
Loved the eggplant "meatballs" and the ice cream sandwich of the day (cinnamon chip peanut cookies with bourbon infused vanilla ice cream). The piggy nachos were very good. I'll skip the green beans next time, only because the portions are so large (I shouldn't be complaining, I know) but I got tired of the same flavor profile.
Went her based upon a 4 star rating on yelp & the fact that they offer local produce & meats. First. We were seated rather quickly.  Ordered the green bean app(based upon yelp reviews) & they were GREAT!  My wife ordered the Cajun chicken & I was sucked into the Deluxe Burger by it's "1 Burger in Central NY" proclamation.  My wife liked the jerk chicken, but wasn't in love with the sides as they were unseasoned.  Not sure why that is.  I feel like anyone can sauté spinach & boil & mash some yams.  It's the balance of seasonings that make a side item stand out...all were bland. I ordered my burger "medium rare". When it came my first words to my wife were "it looks like a hockey puck!". It was not only not medium rare, it was cooked through & burnt.  My wife took a bite & agreed.  I never send food back, only once in my life & that was a burnt burger.  I cut the burger in half to see if there was any pink in the middle to try & tell myself "just eat it.", but it was burned & no pink(med rare should be a solid pink throughout with a juicy flavor). I tried to get waitresses attention.   She never came to the table, not once.  I ate 1/3 of my burger, bc I was hungry but was waiting for the waitress who never came.  About 30 min in, we must have looked done, the busboy came over & took our plates.  I was going to tell him but figured an 18yr old cleaning tables probably isn't the right person & at this point we didn't have time to get a burger the way I ordered.  A few minutes later our waitress came, first time since taking our order, & asked "would you like desert?  No.  Ok, thanks". She left the bill, we paid & will never go back.  Im not a picky guy, but 2 things seem basic...1.  Cook a $16 burger right, I can do this on my grill at home. 2. Come ask me how my meal is & check in.
Lets see how quickly yelp removes my review. I've written both positive and negative reviews, but only my negative ones get removed without explanation. Please Yelp, be honest, and don't censor. Here goes: I am vegetarian and really want to like this place. Consequently, even though I never much like my meals here, I return, thinking I must be ordering the wrong thing. But after 4 visits, are all of u kidding me? This is about the worst vegetarian food I've ever had. Its either tasteless or simply a random combination of items on the plate that don't much  go together. I've had and disliked the upstate veggie hash, the veggie bennie, the tofu scramble, and the "big plate" of vegetables. Yes the blackened stringbeans are good, but that and the beer are about the only things I've enjoyed on the menu. The waitstaff is generally competent but the hostesses have attitudes--about reservations when the place is empty (c'mon! ) and about giving you a table in a nicer part of the restaurant rather than insisting you sit near the door. I don't get this place at all. Its highly overrated. Don't censor me Yelp...
My family and I were in Albany to meet up with a friend I hadn't seen in over 30 years! We were there on a Sunday, so they have a special brunch menu from 11 to 3pm I believe.  Their regular menu is also available.  There were so many great sounding choices on their menu it was difficult to select!  We had 6 in our party and we each got something different and shared. I had the banana/nutella crepes and they were delicious!  Their signature burger was very tasty, they have a cuban type "sando" and it was yummy.  We stayed a while catching up and none of us ever felt rushed. Service was great and friendly.  The cost was really reasonable.  We're now planning all our trips in that direction around a meal time so we can go back!  You really should try it!
Diverse and high quality selection of food, beer and wine. Several daily specials (apps, mains, etc), high quality ingredients and an adventurous menu. I had poke oysters ( awesome, will have to try at home), lamb sweetbread with a great caper sauce, and a nice basque-esque pizza with a superb thin crust. High marks for impressing an unassuming SF food snob.
I went to New World Bistro Bar based on yelp reviews and recommendations from the front desk of the hotel I was staying at. I got the ropa vieja, which was excellent!  It had great flavor and the mashed yams were a nice balance to the beef. For dessert, i had the citrus and honey creme brulee.  The flavor was great - you could taste both the citrus and honey, but the consistency was a little soupy. I would have preferred it to be more custard-y.  My co-workers got the ice cream sandwich of the day, which was baked white chocolate macadamia nut cookies with vanilla ice cream, and they all loved it.   If I am ever in Albany again, I'll definitely be coming back.  Highly recommended!
Had a really great dinner here.  Our waiter was friendly & knowledgable.  The eggplant meatballs were awesome.  Great drinks & dinner entree (steak).  Definately an experience.
Intrigued by the reviews in Yelp, I decided to check out NWBB for myself.  On entrring, the hostess and server were very nice, and they were able to answer my questions about the place and make well informed menu recommendations.  I ordered the Jerk Chicken over the Ropa Vieja (Cuban style pot roast) and the "Thai Italian Love" (a combo curry bolognese pasta dish that sounds really interesting). It was a difficult choice, but the Jerk Chicken really delivered on the spice and overall flavor, I was very pleased.  And I should note that I normally avoid chicken dishes at restaurants (usually in favor of pork). I also liked the house IPA - but I'm a sucker for local brews, and this one is brewed specifically for NWBB. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to have a good food experience in a great environment while in Albany. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town.
Celeb Chef Ric Orlando's Albany extension of his rural restaurant.  World cuisine fusion, local ingredients and slow cooking.  They are sensitive to slice and ask the customer to rate how spicy they want a dish. Thai loves Italian is a great fusion dish. Ropa Vieja an old world classic. Wait staff has always been top shelf so top well to keep it that way.
This is my favorite place to eat in Albany! I'm from Kingston, so I've been to their Woodstock/Saugerties restaurant before, but this one is much better, in my opinion. I love their Forbidden Pleasures menu. Last summer, I had bone marrow for my first time, which was absolutely amazing! The Cage Pan Blackened Stringbeans are a must-have! Everything I've tried there has been extremely flavorful, interested, and delicious. I also like the atmosphere and the service! 5 stars!
I stopped by here after the first day of the bar exam on July 30 and got food to take out.  The host and hostess were friendly and patient when I spent 10 minutes analyzing the menu.  Some of the menu items looked really interesting (Thai bass fish head soup, or something like that, was one of today's specials).  I would've tried the fish soup, but figured I'd keep it simple because of the bar exam. I ended up ordering a light dinner of a flatbread pizza with fig jam, arugula, and Gorgonzola.  The fig jam was pretty sweet, so I think the cheese could have been a little saltier to balance it out...  actually, some red pepper flakes would have gone a long way.   I also ordered one of the soups of the day, watermelon tomato gazpacho.  When I looked at my containers when I got back to my hotel, there was one soup container full of a hot, vegetable-y soup, and another soup container full of water with ice in it.  Water with ice in it?  Then I remembered I had asked the hostess for a glass of water while I waited for the food to be prepared -- she brought it to me and I drank it.  I guess this was more ice water?  Well, "A" for effort.  The other container contained not gazpacho that I ordered, but the other soup of the day, Moroccan vegetable.  Not what I ordered, but I liked it very much -- with eggplant, squash, cauliflower, I think -- and the savory spiced flavor balanced out the lighter pizza well. The atmosphere was relaxed, yet not completely casual.  I'd definitely come in for a real meal (and drink) if I had more time in Albany.
Highly enjoyed a meal while traveling to NY. The veggie what plate was fantastically earthy and delicious!!!
A little pricey and really busy but it was a Friday night. It was definitely worth it.  Had the crusted seitan and it was delicious. Staff was great.
We were visiting out of town and the food was delightful, albeit delayed. Servers were interested in being helpful. Global Bistro has excellent gluten-free options and can dial up or down the heat. Also, the gluten-free options were not up marketed too much. Atmosphere was young twenties vibe drifting towards trendy. I was for a time obsessed with the inside brick walls and figuring out whether they are original to the space or an architect's modern rendition of old world design.
Went for dinner on a Sunday night, pretty busy, was excited to try this place for a while. My friend and I both played it safe ordering. I got the risotto while she got a burger. Sadly the apps were the best part of the meal, chicken wings with kicking BBQ sauce. She ordered the burger medium rare, got medium instead, was a bit dry and the portion quite small for the price. My risotto was a bit too al dente and the mushrooms seemed it as well. For 14 bucks I wasn't much impressed. Good atmosphere but for better American food and prices I'd recommend chez mike in east greenbush.
I was so excited about this place the first time I went, but since then, it has become more and more disappointing. Yesterday, I went in for brunch. I have to say, the hostess is wonderful! She even knows my name after having only been there three times over the last four months (and I don't think she was even the hostess at my first visit). She is very friendly and organized, welcoming and professional. My server was a completely different story. I got Kailyn this time, and I was very dissatisfied with her "service." I really appreciate the servers that go above and beyond to make the dining experience worth the cost of eating out. This server did no such thing. I felt like an imposition to her from the beginning. I asked a couple of questions about the menu. I wanted the huevos traditionale and needed to make sure it was gluten-free. She said that it was and asked how I would  like my eggs cooked. I told her that I would like them "basted easy." She had no idea what I was talking about, and instead of telling the cooks that is how I wanted my eggs (which I am sure they would know how to do, since it's one of the easiest methods and even the cooks at Denny's can do it), she informed me that they don't baste eggs there and that I would have to have them over easy instead. Fine. While this was annoying, it wasn't worth risking spit in my food over; so I settled for over easy. When I asked if I could order a side of the day's compote, she told me that I could not. Apparently, the compote is only for customers ordering waffles. She was completely unwilling to find out if there was a way that I could order just a side of it.  I was so shocked. This was not even close to the service I had experienced on previous visits. I also ordered the "crispy spuds." Let me warn you, the name is very deceiving. There is nothing even close to crispy about these potatoes. To make bad matters worse, the potatoes themselves had that "leftover" taste to them. I gave them back and asked Kailyn to remove it from my bill. (This was after waiting half an hour for her to come check on my again. I had eaten my meal, and the bus boy had cleared my dishes except for the one I wanted to send back, and I sat there waiting. Forever.) Kailyn said that she would get the manager about the potatoes. I thought that was fine and I could mention the unwillingness to baste my eggs or sell me compote without waffles. (They do not have gluten-free waffles, or I would have ordered them.) The manager came by and was extremely lacking in customer service. When I told her that the "crispy spuds" were mushy, she told me that's how they come. She went on to explain how they use olive oil and such to cater to vegan diets. (I cook potatoes at home in olive oil all the time. They are always crispy.) I pointed to the word "cripsy" on the menu. She asked me if I wanted her to take them back to crisp them up for me. (Remember, this is half an hour after I finished my meal.) I told her no, because they tasted leftover, and I did not want them. She "assured" me that they could not possibly be leftover, because they only serve potatoes on Sundays. Regardless of when they made them (she did not convince me that they were not prepped the night before), they tasted terrible. I don't know why she was trying so hard to convince me that those horrible potatoes were good and why she stood at my table practically arguing with me for ten minutes instead of simply apologizing and taking them off the bill like every other professional manager would have done. Again, I was shocked. (By the way, she did not know what basted eggs are either and saw nothing wrong with not letting me buy compote.) I had originally intended to order dessert after my meal and to get some duck pate to go, but after all of this, I just wanted to leave. (I forgot to mention, but the air conditioning had the place so cold my goose bumps had goose bumps. Since it has been pretty hot lately, I can understand the mistake, but I didn't want to sit there any longer.) The manager finally took the potatoes off my bill, I tipped Kailyn $1.00 (instead of my usual rounded up from twenty percent), because she did at least answer questions about the menu. If not for the amazing service I have experienced here in the past, I am sure I would not be going back. However, when my husband gets back from his trip, he wants to try the place. I will make sure to take him to dinner and try to get the server I had my first experience there. As for my meal, it was okay. The homemade tortillas were quite amazing. In fact, I had a hard time trusting that they were gluten-free, and I was afraid to finish them. The sweet plantains were cooked perfectly, and my eggs were over easy. If not for the terrible potatoes, I would give the meal four stars. The service from the waitress and the manager is why I gave 2.
NWBB just never really completes the dining experience for me. I seem to be the exception to the rule, I guess that happens. I think they try to do so many things that some of them just aren't well executed. First off, the two top table in the bar area in my first review (read back) still exists. Don't allow yourself to be seated there. I watched from the table we got this time as some poor couple got stuck at it. It's right in the back of the bar area near the door to the bathrooms/kitchen hallway area and the end of the bar. Avoid. Food- 4 Stars I almost wanna divide these up as (again this time) the apps and desserts were amazing while the entrees are just meh. Apps- Pokesters (Raw oysters with a light dressing and a some raw tuna) were excellent. The daily slider was a ham steak sandwich with a brioche roll. Could have eaten about 20 of each of these. Entrees- I got a special fluke (aka summer flounder), wifey got the Scallops with Tequila orange sauce. First thing we noticed was that the Corn "Pudding" was on both plates. I kinda liked it, but it's not great. I don't love seeing the exact same side on two totally different dishes. The Fluke was fine, not great, honestly I could have made it at home. Again I asked for a "9" and it was a little hot, but not nearly as hot as they make it out to be on the menu. The fried Okra it came with was very good, the rest of the dish was a creole gumbo sauce and some greens, it was meh. Wifeys scallops were perfectly cooked and the sauce was excellent. Other than that though the dish was disconnected. I am not sure how corn pudding, scallops with a tequila orange sauce, squash, and an undressed mixed greens salad covered 1/4 of the plate fit together. Desserts- The ice cream sandwich of the day was amazing, the nutella mousse was also very good. Service- 2 Stars Just oddly timed and not overall up to the level of the menu/pricing. I feel kinda like I am eating and chain based on the service I have received. When we got there the waitress came over 5 seconds after we sat down and asked if we had drinks we wanted to order. We weren't ready yet, so she said she would come back. It took at bit, when she did come back and took our drink order, those took a bit too and were delivered by the guy working the bar and some tables (I think?). Overall we waited quite a while to get drinks, the appetizers came out almost right after the drinks. After we ordered dinner we didn't see our waitress again until the entrees were out (the guy from the Bar got us another round of drinks after my beer sat empty for a bit). The other odd thing was the waitress (confused I guess) asked how I wanted my Fluke cooked, which I am pretty sure would always be "done". It just left something to be desired overall. Atmosphere- 4 Stars I like the feel of the restaurant (fake flowers aside). Can be a little loud. To the people next to us- Don't bring your goddamn coital prizes into a restaurant at 8pm at night then let them walk around like it's fucking McDonald's. The whole table was immensely rude and I know we weren't the only table annoyed by their self centered crap. When I was a kid I was told to sit still and did so. Drinks- 3 Stars Caprihna was a little odd, using brandy is a little weird, maybe they just don't know it should be sugar cane rum? Italian Greyhound was good. Beer selection is pretty solid.
Highly overrated by fellow Yelp reviewers, I'm afraid. Food was mediocre at best, but service was good, once we asked if there were any. In general, the staff was so preoccupied with the lunch to dinner transition, that serving customers did not appear to be a priority. We had a salad (good), dinner rolls (stale), and flatbreads (greasy). I hope the place is better for dinner.
Great restaurant! We enjoyed the kale chips as a starter. The drinks were decent. I enjoyed a blackened chicken Caesar salad. It was one of the best salads I ever had. Good for date night. I went with a couple of girlfriends which was just as nice.
In my opinion, it's more important to be interesting than successful, but judging from what I saw tonight, New World Bistro Bar is both. Initially lured in by an inventive and colorful menu, the ambiance is actually not as impressive as the rest of the dining experience. There didn't seem to be anything in the dark woods or exposed supports or burnt orange walls to suggest the awesomeness that we (my girlfriend and I) were about to enjoy. The menu is, as I mentioned, extremely inventive. It is, however, at first glance, somewhat daunting. Trying for a bigger share of the market, this lost-ball-in-tall-grass establishment is quite a ways away from the bustling restaurant and bar strip that we had to drive down to get to it, so Ric Orlando has obviously diversified his offerings to appeal to as many different diners as possible - offering tapas, pizzas, traditional entrees, and a significant wine list by the glass. The bar was full-up the entire time we were there, and there is a whole page of speciality cocktails, ranging from the slightly-altered standards (mojito with add-ons), to the refreshing new take (Hendricks Cucumber Lemonade - which I had and enjoyed), and the specials list features an extra cocktail not on the normal menu (no idea how often they alter the specials). I can definitely see combining a selection of their awesome-looking starters together with some wine or cocktails to make an enjoyable evening out with friends. For my money, though, go with the "Forbidden Pleasures," all various bits of meatiness in alluring preparations. I had the Korean Pork Belly: thick chunks of saucy (but not drippy) pork belly, cooked to crispy perfection, served with a tangy daikon kimchi. I was shocked by the size of the portion. Amazing! My girlfriend had the special appetizer, Rum Raisin Jerked Quail, which she thought was over-spiced, but I found just right. The portion there was more what you'd expect (quails are tiny) but it was served with a good portion of rice. For entrée I had the jambalaya, which was spicy and flavorful, without being overbearing (I've always wanted to say that). It boasts a boneless poached duck leg "on top," but it didn't come all as one piece like I expected - instead it was all mixed in, which did help vary the textures in the dish, but I couldn't exactly taste it. Another strong point: there was so much food, I couldn't even finish it (though I did want to save room for dessert - which I did). This is where the meal really started to shine for me: the service. I knew I wanted a glass of wine with my meal, but I couldn't decide what to go with. My server, the lovely Ashley, suggested a heavier red, but since I don't know anything much about wines, I asked for a taste of the Chilean Cabernet, which Ashely was only too happy to provide. The Cab was thin but had a clean finish (I like Chilean wines). When I gave that the thumbs-down (not a great pairing with the jambalaya), she returned with a taste of the Malbec (Argentinian) and a white (missed which one), compliments of Nick the bartender. I settled on the Malbec. Ashley told me that she had been working there since the place opened, and we talked a bit over the course of the meal about the different specials, which them she had eaten and enjoyed, how the staff are treated, etc. If Ashley and Nick are indicative of the service here, then the management is doing something right. My girlfriend had grilled tofu over Vietnamese salad. The salad was a vibrant pile of assorted greens, chopped in an artfully contrasting arrangement. The grilled tofu was (to quote her) "as good as I've ever had." I tasted a bite, and I have to comment that the texture was great (not a tofu man). There was a strong citrus flavor, and a smoky, grilled finish that was very pleasant. The combination of huge appetizers and sizeable entrées meant we had to leave some of our dinners on the plate to make room for dessert, which we did. We shared an immense cookie ice cream sandwich, which was honestly the weakest thing we had. We'd already made up our minds to come back sometime soon, so it wasn't too much of a hit to take. All told, bill came to 86 bucks: 2 huge apps, 2 cocktails, 2 entrees, glass of wine, shared dessert. Not necessarily a first date place, but if you've been together for a little while and want to make a special evening, give this place a try. It's not world class, high brow cuisine, but it knows what it's doing and it does it well. A note about spiciness: nothing I had was beyond my ability to taste and enjoy, however, the guidelines for spice are listed next to each item that has been deemed "spicy." Spicy items have an asterisk and a number from one to ten. If you think that something may be out of your league, ask the server to have it adjusted accordingly.
Friday night at the bar sampling a bunch of appetizers.  Really a 3.5 rating when bartender attitude was factored but bumped back up to a full 4 because they serve Cevice year round.  And considering that I can never find Cevice anywhere in this area gives them a huge bonus point! Anyway, The food we ordered was very good.  I'm adventurous but my friend is not.  That being said, the less adventurous of us actually accepted most of the food.  I loved the food! The only reason that I'm not giving this place a solid four is that the bar is small and cramped and eating at the bar on a Friday night involves often getting shoved over and nudged by people trying to squeeze in for a drink.  Also, we wanted to order one item at a time and determine what to order next based on what we were currently eating and what we were in the mood for after trying an item rather then order everything all at once.  the bartender seemed a bit  annoyed that we wanted to go at it one at a time.  regardless that we were ordering expensive drinks and eating a lot of food = a large bill and tip. Anyway, back to the food.  The first item we ordered was the blackened string beans.  Meh.  not getting the hype about these even though I love string beans and anything spicy. Next was Cauliflower Pakora with tomato chutney and green yogurt. FanFreekingTastic! they were amazing.  Savory, moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside and perfectly seasoned.  To the point that they could put most Indian restaurants in this area to shame! Next we had the split marrow bones with toast, mango chutney and Chimichurri.  These were good.  Very rich and a nice sweet/acidic balance to the fatty goodness with the sauces. We followed that with a nice, spicy, citrusy Cevice to help cleanse our pallets of the super richness of the marrow bones.  i love love love Ceviche and and never can find a restaurant that serves it, let alone in the middle of winter.  I ordered another serving of it because it was so good.  My friend who would cringe at the idea of eating raw fish loved it.  I lied and told them that it was like shrimp cocktail but with other seafood and marinated.  I only told them after they said they loved it that it was raw fish, lol!  We ended with potted chicken liver pâté served with grainy mustard and really good tiny cornichones.   All in all I was impressed with and left with a "wow" feeling about everything I ate, except for their signature blackened string beans.   I'd like to go back on a non weekend night.  We had to sit at the bar since there were no table openings for several hours.  I love sitting at and eating at bars but it was just downright uncomfortable on a Friday night.  Good for them, bad for us!
Well we showed up at 6pm on a Saturday night and it was mobbed. Much bigger than I thought it would be - maybe 4 rooms + a garden. We sat at the bar within 45 minutes which is to our liking anyway. Drinks. Nice. An generous pours. They offer size options / portions which I always like. And here the smaller of the two is more than enough. We ordered small plates and apps. 1.  Spicy tacos were great. *5 on the hot meter and that was a lot. AND wasabi Deviled eggs. I liked them because of the roe, but not much wasabi.  2.  Lobster + sweet breads. These were not good because they were buried in an unappetizing sweet sauce. 3.  Bone marrow in the bone. Hard core salty and a strange and not tasty fig jam accompaniment. 4. Squid ink pasta "with octopus & squid".  Well this was really nice  but don't look for the seafood in it. If you find it, it's dry and tasteless. 5. Raspberry chocolate layer cake was sad and dry. Couldn't finish it. So you can see this is mixed. Look, the service and staff are helpful, quick, and friendly. I liked being there, just not the eating experience. Recommendation: smaller menu and better done.
This is my favorite restaurant in Albany. I do not make that statement lightly, and I say it is my favorite, and not the best, on purpose.  I'm not sure if it's the best - it might be, but that is an argument that can go on forever.  No one can argue with me about what is my favorite, so that's what I'm sticking with. It's not just one element that makes this place my favorite, it's a combination of several things. First, the food; it is tremendous.  As a vegetarian, I sometimes find myself constricted to only a few choices on any given menu.  Here, I have pages of options from which to choose.  But the best part is that while my options aren't limited, neither are those of my meat-eating friends and family. Second, the atmosphere; simply put, it's cool.  I have a weak spot for exposed brick, and this place makes my heart swoon. Third, the commitment to local foods.  Any restaurant that is as committed as New World to local, fresh, healthy foods deserves recognition.  That they are able to produce consistently delicious dishes from those ingredients makes it even better. Add all of these things together, plus the location on the up-and-coming Delaware Ave., and you've got my favorite Albany restaurant.
I had huge expectations of this place, and it met most of them. It's really good - for Albany. The menu is so interesting and varied. Unfortunately I feel like they spread themselves too thin so not everything is as good as it should be. We ordered a bottle of Aussie sparkling shiraz for my friend's birthday. Very interesting! Then we shared the spicy shrimp app, the pork nachos, and I had the pork cheek with apple appetizer, which I was told is only seasonal. The spicy shrimp had the super hot purple haze sauce, which I liked. But the shrimp were small and only came with a side of pineapples and could have used a little something more to make it interesting. We loved the pork nachos though - so much pork and so tender! Also great to put the sour cream and peppers on the side so we could use what we liked. The pork cheek with apples was extremely tender and delicious. The sauce is amazing. For dessert, I loved my shot of lemon curd with berry compote. It was the perfect size and so good - I'm drooling right now just remembering it. The chocolate cake with raspberry layers was very underwhelming though. A huge slab that we were excited to share, but then it was so dry that we didn't eat half. Service was excellent! Food is hit or miss. I have to go back to try their highly rated burger.
I can't believe so many people rate this place so high. There menu choices are not appealing at all. This place is so overpriced also. I went with a group for a friends birthday. Service was kinda slow and portions were tiny. Almost everyone i overheard at the table was disappointed. Maybe if you are vegan you will enjoy it more, but I ordered the tofu and couldn't even finish the whole plate, everything was disgusting. The pizzas were like communion wafers and the burgers were overcooked and dry.
My wife took me here for a nice dinner.  Upon entering the hostess new her by name ans sat us at a table with no reservations. The waiter approached and was training a new waitress.   Our waters were over filled..a little over jealous.  But better than no service.  We ordered off the gluten free menu for my wife and I ordered off the regular menu.  We had baby octopus on toast with jam- exceptional but a tad sweet for my palette.. If they offer these a must try. The fried tripe - came with green onions, bean sprouts and a spicy chili sauce.  This was fantastic, the tripe was a tad chewy (bigger pieces) but i would get this again.  We also ordered the Sweetbreads with the aioli and babaganoush.  The sweetbreads were good but a little greasy when they cooled down from the deep fryer and combined with the aioli a bit heavy.  Still a good dish overall.  I personally did not think the eggplant spread went with the dish and there was a mix up on the bread that I was supposed to get with the dish.   At this point the experience was very nice.. But we had ordered the fries with banana ketchup and the vegetarian tapas plate.  These two items took over 35 minutes to show up at our table and by that time we had to go.  We had them pack up the tapas plate. (not worth the 15 dollars portion wise).  Bits of spread and bread with tofu a beet slice, olives and some pickled melon rind. The fries were from a bag and were a major let down.  The banana ketchup tasted like thicken Worcestershire sauce. I had researched the chef and was very excited to try the food here.  The experience was hit and miss overall.  My wife experiences have been the same way.  If it is good then worth the money, but not very consistent overall with the food.   The front of the house crew was pleasant and knowledgeable overall.
My friend, Jess and I got home from school and decided, eh, we do NOT want to cook tonight. So, we had a few errands to run and then we had decided we would get dinner somewhere.  At first, I had suggested some sort of pub food, as we are poor college students.  Once the errands were done, Jess suggested New World Bistro.  She had been once, but was feeling under the weather, so she didn't get to have the experience she was hoping for the last time she visited. Anyway, when we arrived, we were greeted kindly by the hostess who promptly showed us to our seats.  Our waiter Kristoph, was prompt in greeting us and starting us out with beverages.  Well... we weren't really planning on drinking wine that evening, that is, until we arrived, sat down, and took a look at the menu.  Both Jess and I agreed on a dry French red with the help of Kristoph.  It took Jess and I a while to decide on what we wanted to have for dinner, because everything sounded so great! We had finalized our decisions on appetizers - we shared a special that night - Venison Tacos! The Venison sausage was just to die for. There was such an abundance of taste! We continued to share a salad - the Arugula Salad... roasted beets, orange, almonds, Manchego cheese, and truffle vinaigrette. Everything was fresh and mixed so well together. For our entrees I had the Nyon Olive Crusted Ahi Tuna Steak with olive oil mashed potatoes, seared chicories, and a roasted pepper sauce.  The tuna was seared to perfection. Pink in the middle while the top was just cooked. The mashed potatoes were light and tasty and the sauce was a great addition to the flavor of all of the dish's components. Jess decided on the Thai Italian Love - Panang Curry Bolognese - thick cut parpadelle tossed with local beef in a spicy tomato sauce, coconut, and kaffir lime sauce.  I did get the chance to try her dish, but, I am a bit more sensitive to spice than she is, so, I preferred my dish over hers. To finish our dinner, we decided on two desserts - Jess tried out the Chocolate Truffle (dessert-gasm, my friends) and I went with the Nutella Marscarpone Mousse. Both were just fabulous. Although we weren't planning on spending a large sum of money, it was totally worth it. For two people - Two apps, two entrees, two desserts, a bottle of wine, and coffee - our bill totaled $120. Definitely not pricy for the amount of food we consumed! haha! Next time, however, we will be prepared for the menu and possibly share some of our choices.  The service was EXCEPTIONAL. Kristoph answered all of our questions with such knowledge of the menu.  He clearly had a genuine interest in providing for an enjoyable experience.  All of his suggestions were spot on and his attentiveness to our table was superb.  I know that the next time we join New World for dinner, we will make sure to ask if Kristoph is working. We are most certainly looking forward to visiting again!
I am sure I cannot say anything about New World that has not already been said, but I will take this opportunity to say it all again anyway starting with: OMG YES. If you are in the Albany area to visit or if you live here and have never been to New World, this is the time. Make a reservation and get yourself there for lunch or dinner. And go hungry! The last time we went, we ordered 4 starters and a soup (for 4 people) and 4 entrees. I was entranced by the brussel sprouts sampler; each combination brought out the best of the ingredients and was distinctly different from the others. The blackened green beans erred a bit on the spicy side but with the flavorful sauce to pair them with, they were a tasty accompaniment to everyone's drinks and even the squash bisque that my friend had ordered. The fish croquettes were light and airy with a perfect dipping sauce to go along with them. My favorite appetizer by far had to have been the piggy nachos, though. Pork, cheese, sour cream, guacamole. Decadent and delicious, I could have eaten the whole plate as a meal. YUM. For entrees, we dove into the ribs, ropa vieja, pork shnitzel and bolognese pasta. The ribs were blackened and came with a pepper jelly that brought the entire plate to a whole new level. The jelly was an excellent topper for the beans and root veggies that came with the ribs as well, making bite after bite of perfection, no matter what I put on my fork. My boyfriend got the ropa, which just falls apart with a touch of the knife. It is an absolute favorite of everyone we were with. If you're a fan of beef, look no further than these tender cuts of meat. The pork shnitzel was on special the night we were there, and if it is there when you arrive, PLEASE DO NOT HESITATE. It is amazing. Juicy and crispy and seasoned to perfection, it is everything pork should be. And lastly the pasta was delicious as well, but probably the least impactful dish to me since everything else was so unique! I would say if you're dining at New World, try something out of the ordinary! Another great bonus of this place is the well informed, polite and attentive servers. They will not steer you wrong and will work to make sure you have anything and everything you could want...including anything from the impressive beer and wine list! Or one of their incredible signature cocktails. Basically, the entire New World experience, from walking in the door, to taking the last sip of your drink, is a well crafted and beautiful experience. Albany might not be a huge city, but you can certainly eat in style whenever you're there!
Not my cup of tea but it's obvious that they have a following.  I was not in the mood for spicy food  when we went here so I tried the pizza. I wouldn't recommend it but it's obvious this place has a following. Just not my taste. My husband loved it.
My boyfriend and I had the an amazing dinning experience here! The place has a funky and cozy decoration, the food was super creative and tasty, all the beer they serve is brewed in NY State, and the waiters were fun/funny/friendly and very competent. Most of the food is locally grown, and seasonal. They have a Vegan Menu, and Gluten Free Menu, and the seasonal regular menu, and everything we tasted was delicious. If they have available, you should eat the apple crumble!!! hummm
I came here while in town on business because Yelp told me they had a gluten-free menu. And BOY HOWDY, it's extensive. It took forever to decide which items to try. My vaguely rastafarian-styled waiter was all too eager to rhapsodically describe the dishes and let me try samples of the sauces; he was friendly but a bit overbearing. He warned me that the Purple Haze Shrimp were extremely spicy but very good; as it turns out, they were not too bad. (Or maybe I just really like spicy food!) Try the banana ketchup with your fries, it's delicious and has a mellow caramelized undertone reminiscent of Brazilian cuisine. (Then you can tell people at cocktail parties that you've had banana ketchup and they will give you the "Whatyoutalkinabout?" face. It's fun.) The variety of dishes and attention to gluten-free details were great. I would come here again next time I'm in town.
"Fusion Finally Done Right" by Josh K. I will start off this review my stating that I normally detest the concept of "fusion" in the culinary world.  I have usually found it to be the antithesis of authenticity; by combining two or more ethnic cooking styles, I normally see a guise to hide the fact that the chef can't execute well enough to be a stand-alone dish. On our first trip to New World Bistro a few years ago, and much to our chagrin, we sampled a lot of disappointing dishes which was contrary to all of the restaurant's recent fanfare. Perhaps it was an off night, but the poultry used for the jerk chicken was tough, chewy and stringy, and the flavor was salty and hardly spicy.  The vegetarian-friendly "No Crash" risotto should have been called the "No Flavor" risotto. The Toscano pizza, which didn't have any sauce, was average. We quickly chalked up New World Bistro as just another overpriced, trendy and pretentious restaurant which will come and go quickly such as those that litter downtown Saratoga Springs. Years later, with its reputation consistently rising, New World Bistro has deliciously rid me of my jaded preconceptions. Here, fresh and local ingredients are used to range the gamut of flavors from around the world. On this most recent trip we were treated to a very nice meal on their covered patio. We opted to start with the "Farmer's Market Salad of the Day".  Laid before us was a bed of amazingly organic Bibb lettuce and arugula from Berlin's Best Farm. The greens were topped with sweet and tart pickled Jersey blueberries, and a confit of shaved fresh yellow and green squash, with some fennel dressed with a very tasty buttermilk vinaigrette.  This was definitely one of the best salads I have ever had. The only miss of the night came off the appetizer menu.  We got the "Daily Slider" of fried Wagyu Beef as the protein with melted manchego cheese, and a pickled cabbage of orange slaw, cilantro, and lime crema.  To start, such fine beef should not be fried, as it gives it a bulgogi-like texture, but was too chewy, greasy, and sadly, bland.  The slaw was an interesting combination, the flavors were fine but I can't say we order it again. For our main entrees we decided to travel to Southeast Asia.  Both of us have strong palettes when it comes to Asian cooking, so we really wanted to test Chef Ric Orlando's abilities.  He nailed it. I ordered the "Surf and Turf" which consisted of Lemongrass marinated pork tenderloin with grilled Gulf Shrimp skewers off the new summer menu.  The dish was prepared in a Thai style "jungle curry" with fresh snap peas and a unique bean thread salad.  Everything came together in unison.  The curry was spicy, sweet, sour and fragrant.  The tenderloin was cooked to a perfect medium temperature and the Gulf Shrimp were plump and juicy.  This was a five star dish. The other entree ordered, the "Thai-Italian Love: Penang Curry Bolognese", defined the term fusion. Flat papparadelle noodles (which work just like "Drunken Noodles" and seasoned ground beef were topped with a spicy coconut curry with essence of lime and tomato.  Fusion can indeed be exciting, bold, authentic and ultimately delicious. Although at first unimpressed, Chef Ric Orlando's New World Bistro and Bar is a shining star in the Capital Region culinary world.  Although, it isn't perfect, especially where the proteins are concerned, I challenge anyone to find a more exciting dining option, which prides itself on local, organic ingredients with flavors to transcend modern cuisine.
I can't believe it took us this long to try the New World Bistro. The interior is beautiful, the ambiance is great, and the food is delicious and unique. I had the pest stuffed tofu over green tea soba noodles, and it was incredible. Other members of our party had the jerk chicken, a cheeseburger, and the shrimp curry with fat noodles. All were totally satisfied with their meals. The service is very good too. We only had one complaint: we asked our server about a beer on the menu we hadn't heard of anymore and she didn't know anything about it either. Instead of finding out for us, she just let us order it. Turns out we had never heard of it because it's a non-alcoholic beer and was undrinkable. She brought a replacement, but still charged us for the first beer too. But other than that small snafu, our experience was outstanding. We will be back!
Was there yesterday, I'm a vegetarian, n when i searched for restaurants, this one came up, n when I looked up menu online, when i saw Seitan wings, I just has to go taste them.  They were good even tho I wish I had chose a spicier sauce. And a couple pieces of the Seitan were too crispy/ crunchy. The kale was good, although just a tad bit on the bland side, but the waitress who was very pleasant, did offer salt n pepper, but I opted for a Lil hot sauce instead. Hubby had burger which was cooked perfectly. I ate his lettuce n jumbo tomato slice, which tasted farm fresh.  The pre dinner rolls were good, but i wish they were warm when served, didn't know why server had them in basket covered with a napkin if they weren't warm. But anyway, overall, food was Good. Im from nj, was dropping off son to college, but will return when I'm in the area.
I went here based on fellow Yelpers and was not disappointed!   The food and service were great!  I sat at the bar and Sara-Jane was very attentive and prompt. I got the Ropa for dinner and the Nutella mousse for dessert and both were delicious.  I would definitely come back again!
Significantly better than seppuku.
Love, love, love this restaurant.   This is probably my favorite place in Albany right now. The food is delicious and inventive.  It's always perfectly prepared, and they change their menu seasonally so there's always something different and seasonally appropriate, which I like. Everything I've had here has been delicious! I also like that they try to focus on local, sustainable food because I'm nerdy like that. Their drink menu also has some real gems on there, which is worth noting because for some reason it seems harder and harder to get a real, good drink that's not a bastardization of the original (step away from the sour mix!). On thing is for sure though:  you HAVE to make reservations.  Even on Tuesday nights, this place is packed!
As I sat in the packed dining room on Saturday night, I realized that everything about the restaurant, in this experience, was perfect. They carry local microbrews, they offer vegan options, their food is spicy as hell (and deliciously so), the waitstaff was super friendly and attentive...and it was just right. They do fusion properly, and based on the attendance, other people know it too. It looks pricey on the menu but portions were very generous for everything ordered at our party of 4, from apps to desserts.
Nice selection, great vegan menu but the ducts were dripping on us and they didn't offer to move us. Also didn't bring us bread. Disappointing when 5 people spend $175.
