This last trip was my fourth time visiting and each time I have had a great experience at Manatee Island.  Fish tacos are good and they have a lot of lunch specials.  I usually eat at the bar and the servers are really friendly and fun to hang with.  Not a fine dining place but for what it aims to be it hits the mark. I also like their draft beer selection.
According to Inspection #4714388, Manatee Island Bar & Grill had a CRITICAL violation of presence of RODENTS/INSECTS. Evidence is here: restaurants.wtsp.com/man… The whole situation I'm about to tell you about proves to me that at Manatee Island Bar & Grill, the CUSTOMER DOES NOT COME FIRST. I have never written a negative review like this before, go look at my reviews history on this site and other restaurant review sites-- but I am in so much shock and disbelief at the treatment of us, the paying customers, that I am taking to the internet to tell my story in the hopes that future customers will never have to go through what we went through tonight. Here's why I WILL **NEVER** GO BACK to Manatee Island Bar & Grill, and I highly recommend that you do not: We have lived in Stuart, FL, and know that Manatee Island is a local yokel-type place (despite typically bland food). A group of four of us went today on purpose to take advantage of the Happy Hour half-price dining specials, which are from 3-6pm. We arrived at 5:45pm, and it took about 10 minutes to be seated, which is understandable. It felt like our waiter purposely ignored us, and I saw him pick up a check at another table before he even greeted us. We sat there for a few minutes, before he came over and said, "Hey guys, I'll be with you shortly." Then he went and picked up a check at the table behind us, and said goodbye to those customers (they could have waited). I kept looking at my phone, trying to make sure we were on time for Happy Hour. I watched the minutes crawl by from 5:57pm onwards. To address the issue, as soon as the server came over, we purposely specified to him that we were here for Happy Hour. He confirmed that it was fine. I even asked about one of the drink specials, asking "Is the house margarita on the happy hour list?" He said it was not, so I said instead that I would get something else. I am not sure how much clearer we could have been that we were ONLY there for Happy Hour!!! Long story short, after being served (it took 15 minutes to even get our drinks and waters!) and ordering multiple appetizers because we truly thought we were going to get the Happy Hour pricing, we got the check. Guess what-- we were charged FULL PRICE! We asked for the manager, and the owner of the restaurant came over. He said, "I'm sorry, but you can't *play* my server like that. Too many people try to take advantage." We tried to tell him that we had referenced that we were there for Happy Hour multiple times to the server, and then the server said, "I know that Happy Hour is from 3 to 6pm, but I don't remember you saying that." I was in shock, because I truly believe that a business should do everything they can to keep customers happy-- especially regulars like us who have been to Manatee Island so many times before. But we will NEVER go back, because we felt that we were DELIBERATELY MIS-LED and then the owner did not try to KEEP THE CUSTOMER HAPPY, against all good service rules!!! Then, after all that, one of our friends at our table was very upset and was telling the server "You are lying to my face. I can't believe you are telling a lie that you don't remember talking to us about Happy Hour. I'm leaving!" So our friend started walking away, and the SERVER CAME AFTER HIM LIKE HE WAS GOING TO FIGHT! I couldn't believe what I was seeing. A server acted like he was going to fight a customer, in front of everyone! I told the owner that he had a bad business practice, and he argued with me that it was a GOOD business practice. The ticket said our order was rung up at 6:06 p.m. He said, "If it had been rung up at 6:01 p.m., I would maybe consider honoring it, but that's just too late." I believe that if everyone knows about what happened to us tonight, they would never patronize such a negative restaurant which has bland entrees and appetizers anyway. We only went for half-off because that's the only way I felt that eating there was worth it. There are way too many nearby competitive restaurants like Crabby Shack, Shrimpers, King Neptune to eat at a place like Manatee Island that is horrible! If I were you, I would skip Manatee Island and go to Pirates Cove Resort & Marina restaurant. The whole reason I'm taking the time to write this review is because of the principle of the situation. You can't lie to customers and then allow a server to be belligerent to a customer, no matter how upset the customer is (and I truly feel like we had the right to be upset). We did pay our ticket, by the way. We are professionals who all have good, full-time jobs, so it's not that we couldn't afford to pay-- we just felt like we were gypped and mistreated. This is a bad place!!!
Great atmosphere, the black and blue burger is absolutely incredible, along with their clams!! Music is usually pretty good. Definitely recommend this place!
Ok .... So this review is for their new Ft Pierce location.  Took some inquiring to figure out the new location wasn't YELPified yet ...... ANYway .... Stopped here with friends after a day on the beach.  This place is just wonderful!!  Friendly, warm, inviting.  Take water, beer, atmosphere, and really freaking good food and this fat man is one happy .... Well .... Fat man! I had what I can only describe as the best fish tacos I have  ever witnessed .... and being the plump purveyor of all things yummy I .... I know what I'm talking about here kids.  The only problem I had was not ordering a double dose and then passing out on the deck from a food coma!!  Nothing like a big fat sunburned middle aged guy to scare customers away right? So yea ... If you're in, around, or in the general vicinity of Ft. Pierce, do yourself a favor and stop looking for an excellent establishment who excels in taste and atmosphere .... Because you've found your destination.  If I could give these guys 10 stars I would but now I just need a nap.
I stopped here for happy hour with Mom and Dad around 4:00 on a Wednesday afternoon in December. This place was pretty happening. The tiki bar was full, so we went inside and sat down in the slanted dining room. Really, the floor (which feels more like a dock) must have been leaning at a 30 degree angle toward the water. I thought maybe the foundation was going to come out from under us. Feeling a little hungry (and queezy), I wanted to order an appetizer before we relocated for dinner. I opened the menu and immediately noticed pictures of the food. Do you believe Gordon Ramsay when he says you should be skeptical of places where the menu contains pictures of the food? I do. But I've sometimes been pleasantly surprised. So, I took a chance and the server's advice and went with the dolphin bites (mahi mahi chunks breaded and deep fried, coated with hot sauce, served with bleu cheese and celery). They were good, but the hot sauce tasted identical to Frank's. Nothing really creative about it, but I sense that's what was to be expected of most of the menu here. My Mom, however, says the smoked fish dip is very good. Manatee seems like more of a place where I would go for drinks and/or the night life rather than dinner. But the exterior and location of the place (on the water) is pretty cool, and the service was excellent.
Haven't been for quite some time and it still impressed. Coconut shrimp app was a but overcooked but still not bad. I had the wedge salad that was perfect and my wife had the pizza blanco and that was wonderful as well. Service was spot on. We'll be back. Parking is an issue during busy time although our visit was a Sunday afternoon it was not an issue.
Arrived when it was dark (at the Fort Pierce location). Parking lot needs some lighting. Wait staff very attentive and friendly. Fish fry was good. Voodoo Juice drink was awesome.
I am back to not being mad at this place for one bad lunch. I know now what not to order and when to not go. Pretty much on season. Lucky I am a local and I really do enjoy the bar and happy hour. I have been back for several sit down dinners with excellent service and food all around. The owner seems to dig when you show up by boat and sends out dock hands to help you in. See you in Summer!
Have been going here, off and on, since they opened.  The food has definitely improved. The service was good and they make a good cocktail. All in all, great place.
Absolutely disgusting food - only go here for the drinks and music - waited a ridiculous amount of time for food to arrive only to have it arrive ice cold.  Server was not attentive at all and food was bland and actually pretty gross - had the fish tacos and the catch of day - never again except for a few drinks at the bar
Reopened in January 2010 after significant work on the sea wall.Crab cakes were excellent, Ambiance is excellent & service is very good. Full bar
Back again. New menu. The grouper was great, so were the stuffed clams. Service could have been better' Noticed it was a bit more pricey since last year
My first experience with this restaurant was an interesting one to say the least.   My husband and I visited Manatee on a Sunday afternoon.  He had been trying on golf gloves at the flea market earlier and had accidentally left his wedding band in one of the little shops.  He noticed its absence mid-beer and went back to find the ring.   Our server obviously didn't have an appreciation for the situation and promptly forgot I was there.  When my husband returned our server was still nowhere to be found.  We had to make our orders with the manager/owner, who was very attentive.  We both got a salmon BLT special, and it was pretty good.   While we were sitting there a thunderstorm moved in and knocked out the power momentarily, and unfortunately it also disrupted their computer system.  When we went to pay the manager/owner took our card, but had to use the old fashioned knuckle buster to run it.  He came back to the table with our debit card - in 5 pieces - and informed us that lunch was on him.   All in all I feel that in spite of everything we were treated well by the management, and when everything goes wrong, that's all you can really hope for.   We have been back to Manatee since and have had better experiences.  The location is nice, and their food is acceptable.
They just  opened a new location in fort pierce same menu and the service is second to none in the past 2 1/2 weeks we have ate there 6-7 the service was great and every entree is to die for. This a must if you love great seafood i can tell you two things you will totally enjoy your dining experience and you will return!!!! AWESOME DINING EXPERIENCE EVWEY TIME!!!  Hurry up and check out Manatee Island Fort Pierce, Fl .   YOU WOMT BE DISAPPOINTED AT ALL!!!!!
Food is decent but a little pricy.  Atmosphere is nice, especially the outside seating on the water under the covered patio.  Casual attire and vibe.  Interesting signature drinks menu.  Live performers outside set the mood with light classic rock.  The cabana bar is a nice place for a drink if you have some time to kill in the early afternoon. Gets loud in the evening between the music and conversations, which makes it not so good for a quiet or romantic meal.  Parking is a real pain here, with Finz, King Netpune and Shrimpers nearby.  You may have to park down the street and walk a ways.
Still doing great on the pocket!! Your wedge salad is number one and your crab cakes are off the chart! Loaded with crab meat and seasoned perfectly!! Please don't change the recipe!! Total addiction! Ice cold beers, great bartenders! Good service!!!
This is definitely a "Hit and Miss" dining experience. I've dined here quite a few times. The last time I found a hair in my meal. I didn't tell the waiter as I didn't want my dining partner to be grossed out. I know they have good hamburgers, but a lot of their dishes are just not good so you never know if your going to get a good meal or a bad one. The last meal was not a good one. Won't be back as the hair experience just about did me in.
This is a casual, fun place to come for lunch or drinks. I like the outside tiki bar, and usually get good service here. The restaurant is nice too, we've come here for dinner with friends several times. Ask for Cathy if you can, she's awesome, The food is okay, prices are reasonable, and they have a good happy hour. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere. Always a good time!
Good happy hour specials, weak bloody mary (flavor-wise, not vodka-wise). Food is decent, but let's be honest -- you're coming here for the location, not gourmet eats. Service seems to be hit-or-miss.
Manatee Island is my mom and dad's favorite watering hole and I like it alot too.  The outside bar area has a great breeze usually and while the live music may be a bit predictable it is entertaining.  Food is good and well priced during happy hours 5-7.  Great place to go for an afterwork drink, but be warned, EVERYONE at the bar smokes.
What's slower than the Port Saint Lucie Bridge construction? The service at Manatee's. I only find the specials to be worth the trip, but they may be vastly overpriced. Those pretzel rolls diminish any tastefulness on the sandwiches, and the salads? What salads? Holding my breath for that new restaurant behind Manatee's.
If you are looking for a hoppin tiki bar on the water this place packs them in every evening and on the weekends.  Much improvement is needed on the food.  Dockage available and they have lots of live entertainment.
I am not sure why I favor this place over the other tourist joints in The Pocket, but I do.  I don't really order food at these kind of places (I expect it to be mediocre and overpriced), but the atmosphere is great and the service always seems to be friendly.
I can't speak of the food because I've only been outside at the bar.  Parking was a pain in the ass but what really bothered me was the bartenders.  I'm not a rookie and I know what a good drink is made of and this place didn't make it happen.  Granted I went there when they were throwing their halloween party but they should have put down the cameras at the bar and made my drink right.  It was overpriced and I was kind of annoyed at my half assed drinks.
Good food and good service keeps us coming back. Burgers are great, fish tacos are yummy and I always enjoy the wedge salad. They have a good Happy Hour as well.
My wife and I went to the Manatee Island Grill the other night and really enjoyed it. First off, we shared the seafood paella, which is prepared for two people and is priced quite reasonably.  But, just as important is the ambiance of the place, which made for a really nice evening. We sat on the enclosed outdoor patio, which I would recommend over the indoor seating, as it looks out over the marina and gives a great view of the water. In addition, there was music out there, and it was really fun. I think we had one of the best times at this restaurant that we had during the entire month we were in Florida. I recommend it highly.
Portions were large. Service was very good. Mahi tacos were excellent.
We went to the happy hour at the Manatee Grill and were very pleasantly surprised. Most appetizers were half price and they were very good. It's on the water and the atmosphere is old Florida. Definitely worth a trip.
