Good night spot for drinks with friends or family. Great live music and awesome food. Check it out.  ........................
I have visited this place several times now. Their Monday night hamburger special is great.  Make sure you go early, the first time I showed up at 5 the place was packed and I waited over 1 1/2 hrs for food.I tried the Sunday cornbeef special and was totally disappointed. The food was cold the portions were too small and the service was terrible. It's a sports bar so if your looking for a quiet meal look elsewhere. Typical sports bar food and crowd.
Nice chill spot. Not great lightning though. Walked in and had to seat ourselves. Customer service was not their best quality, but they did have a guy in their that was singing on the stage. A lady sat at the bar and started to get rowdy bartenders should not continuously give drinks to someone who is becoming too intoxicated
Sat @ large bar . HH house vodka is Smirnoff $2.62 . Sweet deal .I had  a glass of Pinot Grigio . $3.75 .  We ordered a HH order corn beef egg rolls $ $3.49 , bacon flatbread w/ caramelized  onions,$ 3.50. These are their HH bar  menu. Just started this , so no bar menu @ time of this review . Split bill so my portion was only $14.22
What a great place.  Yelp comes through again. $5 burger was a great deal. Then it was a great burger. The bread pudding  is to die for. Don't leave without it. I will be back. My son says the bread pudding deserves 6 stars.
We sat at the bar and Paulie was our bartender and server. He was awesome!!!! Truly. Reuben and fish and chips were great. Reuben, the manager came around to check on us too. I love my Tavola pizza but Shindigs is pretty awesome too. This is a great place with great service. Did I mention great beers too? We will definitely be back. Win!!!!!!!!!
Save room for AMAZING bread pudding.  Great beer selection and Irish Breakfast, but loss a star for no HP Sauce.  Burger good, but Irish bacon doesn't work on it well.  Plenty of tvs!
We love this bar!   It's our cheers bar.  Friendly people good food and some great music with many live bands some local but most come up from the west palm are to play here.  My wife and I go here almost every weekend to have fun.
I went on a Monday night and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the guinness was only $3.00 a pint! I didn't order food but my friends did and said everything was wonderful. My only complaint is that I didn't feel the bartender REALLY knew how to properly pour a Guinness (of course that didn't stop me from drinking it)!
As Irish pubs go, this is definitely as good as it gets! We walked in to a live, and incredibly great Irish band playing at the front of the restaurant on a nice stage. We were seated right in front of the stage. If you want to talk don't sit there. On the other hand, if you are really tired of hearing somebody talk then it is the perfect spot! Our waiter was friendly and perfectly attentive. We ordered the fries with curry sauce.  YUM! Then I got the grilled cheese with avocado slices. OMG!  That is the best grilled cheese I've ever had. Buttery Texas toast, melty provolone, thin sliced avocado and just a little kick. I WISH this place was local to me for I would certainly be the Duchess!
Very good food.  I had the house salad and soup of the day (potato).  My husband had the Shepard pie made with lamb.  Both were so good, I would recomend either dish to everyone.  The bar is a bit noisey with everyone talk at once, and it is 9:30 and the band still has not started.
Looking for a lunch spot while traveling the Florida Pike to Miami, we did a search on Yelp.  Finding a spot with easy on off is secondary to having a descent lunch. The interior is dark and pub authentic, mostly gimpy from the off hour. An Irish lass greater us and we had service that was friendly and attentive. The only down side is the booths upholstery need replacing from wear. My tastes are for real clean food. This spot didn't disappoint. Homemade French onion soup was homemade with beef and chicken stock, steaming hot with molten cheesy shell. Husband had fish and chips that crunched as he chomped down on the light flaky haddock. My blue cheese and caramelized angus burger was cooked just perfectly! plated as requested with fresh green beans and roasted peppers.  Cold Harp in frosted glass for my guy and imported spring water for me. Homemade bread pudding with hard sauce for my man who said it vas fluffy and perfectly made. We won't forget this stop next time ex pass thru Port St Lucie.
Good place to go, they seem to have a good band quite often. And, they have Guiness specials. 2 4 1 Guiness in 20oz mugs. Did I mention they have Guiness specials?
Okay. Every place deserves a reprieve if they improve. We have returned twice recently and have had fantastic food, service and good times. As long as it stays this way I'll be happy!
I'll base this on my most recent and unfortunate visit. As I have on every other occasion that I go to Shindigs - I ordered the curried chicken, my wife and son ordered the steak sandwich. The curry came out more like goulash than curried chicken. The chicken seemed to be glazed in honey, to a point that the chicken was hardened. It wasn't tasty in the least. Both steak sandwiches were cold and the bread was hard, like the sandwich was made, reheated in a microwave, say around and then served. Medium rare is what they ordered. It was more on the line of med-well.  I have never returned food in my life - we returned everything. Again the curry just wasn't what we were used to, and the steak sandwich now came out raw - that's right raw. The manager was understanding. We found out that they have a new chef - I'll wait a while before I go back - hopefully by then a new chef will be hired. At that time I'll updated review in order to be fair.
An Irish bar in a strip mall?  Sure, why not?  In Florida, your chances of finding a restaurant outside a strip mall are about as good as your chance of getting somewhere without getting stuck behind a octogenerian going 25 MPH in a 50 zone. Shindig actually looks authentic, and the place is quite spacious, with tables, a couple of nice round booths and a private room in the back with a big screen TV.  It looked like there was a crew playing a little poker back there.   And I saw all my PSL crew from Tavola Pizza from the previous night, as I guess the regulars make the typical rotation around the 2 good restaurants in PSL.  The PSL crew seemed like a enterprising group, and the 2 year old they brought to the bar at 11PM really made me think of the kids back home. The music was the head scratcher of the night.  We walked in, and there was a Journey tune from 1982 playing.  Then, the REO Speedwagon.  And the last straw was "Take My Breath Away" by anyone, anyone?  Yes, Berlin.  I got a little emotional thinking about Maverick's motorcycle ride through the desert after Goose's accident.  But Iceman would have really busted on Maverick for playing that song in an Irish Pub. After ordering another single malt from their extensive whiskey/scotch menu, I asked the waiter, and they pressed the 90's button, giving me Pearl Jam, Alice In Chains, Stone Temple Pilots, which was back in my comfort zone. The food was surprisingly excellent.  Authentic Irish fare -- Shepherd's Pie, Bangers and Mash, Irish Breakfast.  The Real Lamb Shepherd's Pie was fantastic, and the crew enjoyed all of their meals.  We followed it up with a little Bread Pudding, which was a dense mass of bread pudding, drenched with that stuff that they put on Cin-a-Bons....finished about half of it, and it....was....awesome.... An Irish pub in a strip mall playing 80's hits with the PSL regulars.  Doesn't get better than that.  I'll be back.
Dear Shindig, Please open up more locations - one down the street from where I live in San Juan Capistrano, CA would be fabulous. I love your food: the shepherd's pie with lamb instead of beef, your fabulous burgers (half off on Mondays) - I dream about the BBQ Jalapeno Burger like I would a lover. Your apple crumble dessert is orgasmic. And your booze! Oh,  your booze. Between the Brunettes (whiskey and coke) and Blondes (whiskey and Sprite) I'd love to belly up to the bar for another Emerald Isle - one of those down the hatch and everybody's your friend. I love you so, Shindig, please come to California! Love, Me
The atmosphere was really fun and the wait staff was fantastic!!! This would be a good place to go grab a beer and meet up with friends. The best part of our meals were the curry fries- (these were quite delish!).  Everything else was mediocre.  It served the purpose of filling us up- but neither me nor my co-worker loved the food.
We sometimes go there with friends on Saturday night. My big complaint is how loud the live music is. We can't have a conversation until the band stops playing. By then our ears are muffled and can't hear as well. We're not old, still in our 20s, but there needs to be noise control so we can talk and listen to the music at the same time. The food is pretty good, though. No complaints there.
If you're driving through the area between 3pm and 7pm, stop here for dinner.  Seriously.  The flatbread with mozzarella, dates, caramelized onions, balsamic reduction, and cracked pepper would be worth the full price, but at $5 you'd be insane to miss it.  And your passengers can enjoy 2-for-1 drafts (including Guinness, Harp, Smithwicks, and other excellent tipples for $4-5/pint). ================================================ I have to confess my father-in-law plays here and bought dinner.  I want to keep Yelp honest.  And I probably couldn't afford to eat here often on my own, but we're essentially living on a single income (since hers doesn't break four digits--seriously).  Most people who live in Port St. Lucie will find the prices pretty normal. I started with the curry chips.  Either there weren't enough fries (my opinion) or there was a surplus of curry.  Fortunately, my wife gave me her leftover mashed potatoes, which tasted great with curry for gravy. I also had a large house salad.  Very tasty--most bleu cheese dressings should be called bleh cheese dressings, but this one was well-herbed, and the produce was crisp and flavorful in its own right.  Not very big for a $7 salad, though.  Or am I just spoiled by Crispers? The band took requests and handled them graciously, an effect no doubt heightened by the staff's quick attention to the band's on-mic requests for more beer.  The same cause may also have influenced the flautist's need to restart a song once or twice.  (Love you, dad-in-law!)  But I'm honorary Irish, and could fairly quickly become a citizen of Ireland, so I'm allowed to say that Irish music wouldn't quite be authentic if performed by teetotalers.  (As Friedrich Nietzsche wrote, "A diet that consists predominantly of potatoes leads to the use of liquor.") Next time I'm in town, if the Rowdy Micks are playing, I'll try to get out to Shindig.  But I'll have dinner first, and spend my money where it belongs: on the happy-hour $4 pints of Guinness.  And a taxi.
After hours on the road and finding the Vietnamese restaurant I desperately wanted to go to closed for the day, the boyfriend found this little number. I was cranky and apprehensive as we pulled up to the strip mall just off the Turnpike and was absolutely not expecting greatness. We walked into a Dublin pub. The Rowdy Micks (highly recommended!) were jamming out, it was Happy Hour (2 for 1), and my mood brightened immensely. The decor was so very Irish and it felt a lot older than I imagine the place really is. The bartenders were really friendly. My boyfriend ended up with fish and chips (enormous and delicious!) and I went with the carrot and coriander soup of the day. That soup was amazing. I never would've expected it and went out on a limb. I love when these sort of things pay off immensely! I also loved that they had Magner's cider on tap. I recall my beer-loving boyfriend was also happy with the modest beer selection, but I'd be hard-pressed to remember was on it. If I didn't live so far south, I'd be here every Sunday (that's right, SUNDAY) afternoon for Happy Hour and a band.
I have been here three times now. The food is phenomenal, though not cheap. On my first visit the services was so-so, but the next two times was great. The burgers are huge, and delicious ($5 on Monday). The sweet tea is great and the shepherd's pie is to die for. Edit: I have been back a dozen or so times. I have nothing but great things to say. The food is consitantly great, the service is wonderful, and the place is kept spotles.
Why would anyone go to a bar like Mickey Finns?  Keep driving a bit an you will see this on your left. Come here for a good Guinness pour and the Bailey's Bread and Butter Pudding.  I don't even like dessert but this blows everyone's mind!   I ordered the Irish Boxty (potato pancakes) minus the chicken on top.  It was chopped grilled veggies and balsamic on top.  Creative and delicious my only complaint is that my meatless version was not any cheaper than the original.   I hear they have some really cool live music a decent happy hour but it's a nice place to come on a weeknight for a few drinks.   Oh, they also have a jukebox which is rare for Florida bars in my area. Bottom line:  I wouldn't go anywhere near/in PSL unless it's this bar.  For two dinners, a shared dessert, a whiskey on the rocks, about 6 Guinness (on tap) and a Magners cider (on tap) it ran $67.
We've been in the PSL for a few years and I can't believe it took us so long to find this wonderful place. I'm so happy we don't have to make a chain restaurant (that will remain nameless) our "date night" spot anymore. We've been to this charming pub a number of times now (and have brought some friends/family members) and look forward to our next visit. If she's working, ask for Gub as your waitress. She's one sassy Irish lass! We've never had bad service here - the staff is always friendly and attentive. The food is really good - although I must admit I haven't ventured far from the fish 'n' chips (which are awesome). The crispy haddock sliders, bruschetta and shrimp flatbread also get high marks from me. I don't eat red meat but my husband swears by the Belfast Burger and always leaves room for the Bailey's bread pudding (I generally enjoy an Irish car bomb for my dessert!) Best of all, they have Smithwick's on tap - often for a mere $3 per pint! Dang, I'm hungry now!
I enjoy Shindig because it's not a typical chain restaurant. We usually go here with friends and the dark pub atmosphere is casual and comfortable. We've gone on Friday nights, late, and the place is jam-packed because of the live music on stage. It's great to have a place like this in the middle of Port St Lucie that is clean, new, and a tad up-scale (compared to some other dives). You can "go out" here and get dressed up a bit and not have to drive too far from town. The curry chips (appetizer) are very good but I do agree with Ben O's review - there's either too much curry or not enough fries. I'm a vegetarian so there isn't much on the menu that works. The grilled cheese is good though, and you can always opt for a salad. I'm sure they could make a grilled veggie wrap or sandwich but it would be nice if they had one veg item on the menu so we don't feel like complete outcasts. I've heard friends complain the drinks are a bit pricey - but if they were cheap than any old riff-raff would walk through the door, right?
I need to make one thing absolutely clear.  I am from NYC and have an affinity for Guinness, so nearly any Pub I found in this Podunk town was going to get a good review.  The thing about Shindig is that even in NY, I would have rated this 4 stars.   My wife and I visited early - about 11:30AM on Memorial day, 2012.  From the outside you get a Strip-mall, chain restaurant feel (a la Friday's or Chili's) which can be attributed to the area's lack of many freestanding buildings (everything is a strip mall in PSL.)  Once you walk inside, you are reminded of a NYC Midtown Irish Pub (think Emmett O'lunneys or Galway Hooker.)   The circular bar set away from the Diners is ringed with TVs set mostly to Local Sports teams or ESPN.  We sat at the bar and shot the bull with out waitress who was quick to start a new Guinness when your Imperial Pint was halfway gone.   I had the Lunch menu Fish N Chips and my wife had a Rasher Burger.  Both were cooked to perfection, with the Fish being a particularly large portion with a beautiful plating. The bill for 10 imperial pints of Guiness and two lunch entrees was $80, which seemed completely reasonable to me.  Anyone suffering Irish Pub withdrawal in PSL would do well to visit this new mainstay of my yearly Florida pilgrimage.
This place is a knock out. I was visiting my brother and he took us here. I asked him to take me to a sports bar and he nailed it. What put this place over the top is the food! Certainly not the run of the mill sports bar food.   The very best corn beef I have ever had anywhere! Was able to taste two of the burgers and they were outstanding as were the flat breads. The personal and wait staff is outstanding. Hope to be watching football here again soon.
Good food and drinks. Plus they have live music, very good atmosphere.  On the downside they are a little expensive.
Honestly I don't remember much but I know it was a good time. Pricey but good. I love the decor and authenticity of it all. My wife got the fish and chip and got served a HUGE piece of great tasting fish. I got the snapper sandwich and it was ok. my brother got the Shepard's pie and he like it alot. I will tell you the bread pudding is worth every penny of it. every penny. all in all i got back the before some other places.
We go out of our way to go to this place, sometimes as much as 50 miles round trip! We've tried so many items on the menu from the burgers to the fish and chips to the delicious full Irish breakfast and everything is fantastic! Half the time we go there were waited on by the owner and she's so nice! As great as the dinners are you better save room because the desert is just as good! They have this Bailey's bread pudding that is to die for! Make sure to stop in and give it a try!
Muchbetter than average bar food!  We had some sliders to start that were awesome and then my friend and I each had great salads.   Trivia on Tuesday nights!
The BEST!  Great service, food, beer, and a comfortable place to be.  Happy hour 3-7 is a must (great value).  Always a dilemma what to order, all so good.  AND don't miss trying the soup of the day!!! We moved away but still miss shindigs!
Went there for dinner on Sunday night. When we sat down we  told the waiter that we are waiting for two more people to come but the two other people had to conceal.  It took the waiter forever to come and take our order. The waiter never came back to check and see if the other people were coming.  Finally about 20 minutes later he came back and asked us if the other people was coming and went we told him that they had to conceal he took our order.  The waiter did a good job serving us and the food was ok.
Monday $5 Burgers are the best deal in town. Friendly staff,  great bar selection. Look forward to exploring the menu.
We came here on labor day for lunch. It was desolate but that's to be expected. We sat at the bar and had an Irish bartender (my honey was in love with her accent). She was attentive and very knowledgeable of the menu. We had the corned beef and cabbage and the lamb shepherds pie. They were priced at 9.99 each for lunch (regular price 14.99). We were told these were smaller portions but it was just enough for each of us. If you have a big appetite I would encourage you to get an appetizer. The corned beef and cabbage was very good. Great value super tasty. I am not a huge fan of cabbage but I ate every last piece (it was sliced thin like slaw). This also came with mashed potatoes and delicious onion gravy. The shepherds pie was also very tasty made with lamb and seasoned well. The only thing we wished was that there would have been more cheese. It was accompanied by some Irish wheat bread. Entire meal was very good and only $25 with a black velvet. We will be returning soon.
It's not cheap, but this is a great place.  However, the Monday night burger special is the best deal in PSL.
Can't beat $5 burger night and the bread pudding is da bomb!
Waited an hour for a cold hamburger. Neither the server or management felt it was necessary to do anything about it. Two members of our party had to send their hamburgers back to be reheated, everyone else just put up with it, because we were so hungry by the time the food arrived. Not very happy or inclined to return at this moment. Can not recommend this place now, but might give them another chance after a cooling off period.
I must say that it is difficult to fine a good place and time in this quiet town but thank goodness this place exists! Great location in a decent-sized plaza (same place where Nutrition Smart and the AT&T store are). This is one of my favorite places to return to to hang out with friends and enjoy the delicious Irish dishes. Indoor and outdoor seatings (pet-friendly) are great, cool staff, and laid back environment. Different days have live music, drink specials, and other entertainment. Try them out. Your experience will not be disappointed!
Okay--for what it is and where it is, it's probably the go to place in town. It's where a lot of people can be found and has a pretty decent variety of local music. They also offer a trivia night which is super fun. During daytime hours you can enjoy a nice meal (not so vegetarian friendly though) but on some nights the place can be PACKED and when there's a band, the music is usually so loud that often you can't hear the people at your table talking. It's definitely a place to try though.
Lots of beers on tap. Food is surprisingly good and reasonably priced. Live music. Lots of space if there's a big crowd.
Great atmosphere, food, decor, and drink deals eg. $3 Harps on a Saturday night. Very attentive staff and owner/manager Andy makes everyone feel at home, plus it's the only place worth watching Premier League Football on the Treasure Coast, get yourself down there and prepare to have fun, live music most nights all in all best pub in South Florida !
Yummy, tasty fish and chips. All you can eat the night I was there. Had a lovely cider and took home a piece of to-die-for bread and butter pudding. I plan to go back for Monday's burger night soon, and when my family finishes our move to PSL, we're all going for dinner!
Very Loud, Service poor, food ok, but Mussel entree just came with Mussels, nothing else, weird
Great Atmosphere and Great Music. Add Great Beer Selection and Great Food.
Great joint to eat at and it is a great pub environment.
The BEST restaurant in a 25 mile radius....EXCELLENT. Have been there many times and have NEVER had a bad meal or bad experience.  The service staff are friendly and prompt.  The food is awesome.  My favorite is the shepherds pie and bread pudding. When the ROWDY MICKS play, a good time will be had by all.  Already looking forward to my next visit.
