This has become our local watering hole. Good beer, good music, great atmosphere. And in top of all that the servers are at the top of the game. You don't wait for another round and you don't have to remind them of what your drinking. Which is impressive in itself since they have an astronomical beer and wine selection. Watch the chalkboard for the newest in draft microbrews.
We came here with our 2 young kids while on vacation in Vero Beach, we had heard about Kilted Mermaid via Tripadvisor, we didn't realize it was a bar... That being said, it was one if the best dining experiences my kids have had, everyone was so polite & kind to us, the mermaid decor rocked, the fondue and hummus were amazing, back in MI, my kids beg me to find a place like Kilted Mermaid, this place added to an amazing vacation. Don't pass this place up, even with kids.
An awesome very cozy bar with great food and live music and great beer and wine! The kilted cheesesteak with a side of potato salad is heaven! Especially after having the fondue as an appetizer. Great food ,friendly people awesome atmosphere a win win.
Wonderful little bar/restaurant - great atmosphere and delicious food! We hung out on the dog friendly outdoor patio and enjoyed the shroom flatbread, hummus trio (the red pepper is outstanding) and a brownie a la mode for dessert. They have an awesome craft beer list and an impressive selection of cheeses/charcuterie/fondue. Also a vegetarian/vegan friendly spot. Staff and other patrons were all super friendly.
Great selection of craft beer.  Good price for what your getting.  We got the fondue with steak and chicken.  Absolutely delicious.  For desert we got the Irish creme fondue.  I never thought a rice crispy treat could taste so good.  Nice funky atmosphere.  One if the head guys runs around in a kilt.  They had beer school on the Thursday night we were there. Very good atmosphere, beer and food!
Fun place. Lots of great craft beer and good appetizers. Trivia night is a lot of fun.
I've been here twice now and both times the food, drinks and service were excellent. Phenomenal selection of drafts and cans and bottles. Tuna crudo appetizer is worth many return visits.  It's sublime. Service during both visits was friendly, helpful and extremely knowledgable about the extensive beer and wine choices. So glad we live close to this place, because I know I'll want  to return many times.
My new favorite hangout in Vero! Great selection of craft beers and amazing food. The fondue and empanadas are highly recommended. Plus the wait staff is super friendly and helpful. The atmosphere if very hip with cool art on the walls and fun lighting. There was also a good band playing the nigh we went. If you're looking for great beer and tasty food definitely stop by.
This place us right out of Telluride. Wow great service. 10239 beers.  Great food. Rusted Root played. Live band tonight. Service was 10+ Brisket sandwiches  rocked poatato solad was awesome. Will be back.
Really great beer selection and food options. I was looking for something light...We had the olive and cracker appetizer and the escargot appetizer which were both really good. There were so many other choices though that we'll explore next time...fondues, cheese plates...all looked amazing. For entrees I had the Kilted Salad with seared tuna and my BF had the tuna salad...sounds the same but are very different. Mine was a very pretty mixed greens salad with seared tuna, Gorgonzola, dried cherries and nuts, his was the seared tuna with steamed carrots and snap beans and sliced pears. My tuna was cooked well (the ends were a little overdone), his tuns was a little overcooked but the flavor was really good. The atmosphere is super cool, hippie, earthy vibe and really friendly and fun staff. The only downside is that it took us a year to try it. Will be back for sure.
My server was so knowledgeable with all of the beers they serve. I ended up trying a new one and loved it! Now it's one of my favorites.
Great atmosphere. Feels straight out of Sliver Lake, Los Angeles? Amazing drink list. Great beers. Cool staff. Maybe don't eat there though? The brisket on the brisket sandwich was a little skimpy and chewy, and came slathered with mayo (not my fave). It was recommended as the best thing on the menu by one of the waitstaff. Fun local scene. A must-visit if you're spending the night in Vero Beach. And it ain't touristy, that's for sure.
Amazing food and service. Fondue had great depth. Got the artichoke and fontina one. Artichoke flatbread very flavorful. Great beer selection and recommendations. Took our 3 yo and no problem very welcoming but no high chairs. Chicken curry pot pie flavorful but not overwhelming. Great ambience and a classy crowd. Not your typical bar. Worth the trip, even with a toddler.
Started going with my Mom's group when the Kilted Mermaid was unknown and first opened and still continue to enjoy them as they grow. The food is terrific. The fondue is plentiful and they give you refill your dipping items if you run out of treats before your fondue bowl is gone. I love trying the different beverage flavors and specials. Whenever I want to impress someone new in town, I take them here. Sitting outside is perfect, the music is not too loud and the weather is usually perfect.
This is a fun, eclectic place to hang out. They are a live music venue. Craft beer is the drink focus, they also serve wine and French press coffee. The food emphasizes small plates and fondue. The atmosphere is very cozy. Service was a bit haphazard on our visit.
Best selection of craft beers I have found in Vero. It's dark and eclectic decor is interesting. At first glance you get a somewhat Bohemian vibe but it's deceiving. They serve quality beer, tapas style dishes and fondue. The staff is attentive and friendly. Go here...have few beers...eat good food and thank me later.
This is my favorite spot in Vero- great vibe, super cool owners and staff and fantastic food- the Chicken curry pot pie is not to be missed- trivia on Thursday nights are fun and live music ion weekends- everyone has a smile on their face here whether working or drinking- the beers are very fresh- not a gagillion in dirty taps like other places- they go through kegs here fast and know how to manage taps- like it came straight from the brewery- great wine selection too- what else can you ask for?
This really is as good as it gets for Vero. The decor is adorable - it would be an amazing bar in Chicago or NYC or any other big city. The food is quite good but service can be hit or miss it seems. The tree branch with lights stretching out from the bar over the dining area and adorned with Indonesian figures was one of my favorite parts. I can't wait to come back to Vero in the summer and sit out on their new patio! I recommend the Gorgonzola crab fondue. It sounds bizarre but is really delicious. They also have a great selection of cheeses and charcuterie as well, but I think it would be better if they offered some curated plates as our waitress was of no help in selecting them.
First off, the live music was well worth it. The beer selection was phenomenal. There were 5 of us and we all enjoyed our meals. The cuban flatbread was delicious. We also got some cheeses and prosciutto...another good decision. Our server and the bartenders were incredibly friendly. All in all, a wonderful experience.
This place has great bar tenders, tasty food, and a hell of a beer menu.  The real reason that I gave this place 5 stars though is that they are manatee friendly.  My buddy and I brought our friend Francis the manatee in on a Saturday night and the even the kilt wearing owner was happy to accommodate all of us at the bar and serve Francis without prejudice.   This place is a rare find and we will be back, maybe kilted ourselves.
This place is great!!! I have not been let down when it comes to their food and service. Fun atmosphere.
Really like the atmosphere here...very Irish-Mermaidy! ;) They have a great variety of unusual flavored beers...The Blueberry one was pretty darn good! Our waitress, well...not very attentive and I don't she could HEAR plain English. I would have preferred to sit at a table where Glen was the server....He's VERY attentive! (We moved to the bar where he was working that night, as soon as 2 stools opened up! :0) The live music was pretty good (we even danced a little outside the side door...while on a cigarette break...no smoking here...I know, I know...we really need to quit anyway...eventually!). It  was the perfect end to our date night last week!
New hangout in Vero Beach. I don't have enough good things to say about it. Atmosphere: awesome; staff: attentive and super friendly; Beer selection: Superb!! I'm a HUGE craft beer fan, and they have an extensive beer selection, AND what looks to be a great wine selection too! Seems to be something fun going on every night of the week, the Trivia on Thursday nights is fun and seems to bring in the crowd! Haven't tried all the food items, but the Hummus is fantastic and served with warm roasted olives! Delicious! Planning on celebrating my last year in my twenties here! The Kilted Mermaid is bringing some laid back culture to Vero Beach, a welcomed addition!!
Great service. Very wide selection of delicious beers.  Brownie desert was delicious. We were there for open mic nights and the crowd was fun, musicians good. If you play, stop by on a Wednesday and sign up with Paul.
Thank you for an AMAZING night! You folks get it! You understand great food and great service! I went on Tuesday and enjoyed a wonderful introduction to your cheese fondue. Tonight we went to dinner at the place next door to you. We had such horrible service that I was sure our evening was ruined. We decided to go see you and just have dessert. We were not disappointed. The service was extraordinary! Your ladies bent over backwards to make our evening fun and pleasant. We were also pleasantly surprised to find it was Thursday Night Trivia! What fun! Thanks for a great time! On Tuesday I was there with one other person and tonight I went with three others. Yup...doubled the size of our party. Next week? Maybe even more! You bet I will be bragging about you!
Very well done!  The beer selection is fantastic and the staff is great.  The entertainment is always eclectic and fun.   The menu is very limited however, so it's probably not a great choice for dinner right now.  I tried the Philly Beef Sandwich with side salad and it was top notch.  The fondue looks awesome, but I'm trying to lose weight, so maybe after I get rid of a few more pounds I'll give it a try. A nice place to people watch with a little more upscale clientele and little trailer trash. If you're looking for Bud Light or Miller Lite and tramp stamps then you're in the wrong place.  Try Cunninghams or the Longbranch.
Enjoyed our last dinner while on vacation here from Cincinnati.  The food was great.  We had the crab and gorgonzola fondue and the red pepper hummus.  They were both great.  The ambience of the restaurant was awesome.  The beer list is significant.  The service was a touch slow because the place was packed for a young group that was singing there that night.  We were enjoying the place so much we didn't really care. Overall an awesome way to spend the last night of vacation
I had a great experience here.  I was with a friend and it was trivia night mid May 2014.  Our waitress was Kelsey.  We were inside and my friend was outside and grabbed a table out there and Kelsey grabbed my drinks and brought them out for me before I could anticipate and earlier when we asked about their custom menus she said she would find out, which usually means no one knows but sure enough within five minutes the wife of the owner Duo (a couple owns the bar, the husband bartends in his Kilt) she came over and told us of the website she ordered them from.  They were on top of it here and it was very different from the apathy I noticed in the hospitality industry elsewhere in FL.
By far the best place in the area to discover a new beer or wine and enjoy a nice cheese board or other interesting gastro pub-style dish. The drafts are ever changing and the bottles of both beer and wine cover every palate imaginable. You'll see the owners coming around greeting the guests and you can just feel that the place is loved. The weekends always have different live bands and the bar gets loud and busy. Wednesdays are open-mic night and it's a bit quieter if you'd like to go and have a conversation. Try the Ribbonwood sauv blanc! just tried it for the first time. It's fruity on the nose and dry to taste, very nice and refreshing. Go Kilted!
Definitely worth the stop! Was a little apprehensive at first but once I was inside I was glad I did. They have a huge beer and wine menu and fun cocktails made from prosecco. The fondu is absolutely amazing! Would definitely go back.
The tuna crudoe wonton is out of this world. Fondue was just ok. Got the crab Gorgonzola and it was good but the peanut butter dessert fondue I wouldn't get again. Service was great and beer selection was superb.
Absolutely outstanding, fondue for 2 (crab and Gorgonzola) great beers, live music, the most friendly unpretentious staff, GREAT time, best place in Vero Beach!
Our absolute favorite spot in Vero! Great rotation of craft beer on tap! Fondue to die for! Awesome staff and live music! Cool decor. Love the new patio addition!
This place is fun, unique and eclectic. Cheese plates and fondue are superb. Terrific beer selection. The staff is friendly. I like going to this restaurant and the prices are reasonable. Update: The people in the pic are the owners, who ran out and started yelling at me when I took the pic. So thanks to me sharing a pic with Yelp I now feel uncomfortable going back there even though I like the restaurant. Oh well, I guess there can be a price to pay when being a Yelp reviewer. :(
Awesome Fondue! Awesome Sangria's! Awesome Wait Staff!
For the amount of people jammed inside, it's kinda small. Live music is great. Lots of beers on tap. Food selection is great. There's a lounge section toward the back if you don't want to be at a dining table or at the bar. Waitstaff was friendly. Prices are a bit higher than expected, but decent place to spend the night.
Although they're probably known for their fondue, great music, and unique list of beer and wine, I've tried a variety of menu items and have never been disappointed. My favorite plate is their cheese platter with a variety of cheeses, slivers of fresh fruit and yummy crackers for snacking while listening to live music. I also love that they make suggestions and are knowledgeable about everything they serve. Always an wesome atmosphere, awesome experience. One of my favorite places in town.
I went to this place several times when I was home in December and had a great experience each time. Rick (the kilt wearer!) is very nice and welcoming, and they have the widest variety of beers I've seen in Vero Beach so far. I didn't try any food but I'm sure I'll come back and sample more next time I'm in town.
Great food, great service, great music and great crowd!
Great live music, excellent hummus, pulled chicken sandwich and fondue were great. $25/person.
Trivia - fun Bar - beer and wine only Menu - Limited Steak and Cheese Sandwich - never had a bad one - this was horrible - big chewy chunks of some sort of beef - which I would not even classify as beef - are we seving horse meat in the USA now?
Well we stopped in night before last and I gotta tell you I was impressed.  I'm not usually one of these people who goes for the eclectic.  I'm more what game is on the tube but I really enjoyed myself.  I even dared to order a fondue with Gina.  Triple Cheddar with Porter Beer......it were gooooooood.  There was seven of us and we also ordered a variety of cheeses and meat platters which were also very good (the wasabi cheese isn't as hot as they claim but still good). We tried a variety of beers and enjoyed trying one anothers.  This place is a lot of fun and I highly recommend it even if just for a change of pace.
Two Words: TRIVIA NIGHT!!  Thursday nights are trivia nights at this great little Vero Beach hot spot. It is incredibly fun and my husband and I have been multiple times and always have a blast.  The beer selection is amazing too! Our favorite is the Fox Barrel Blackberry Pear cider. Delicious. The food is good too. I had the tomato, basil and mozzerella sandwich and my husband had the cheesesteak. Both were great but the standout was the bread they were served on...warm, crusty on the outside and soft, light and airy on the inside. If you love beer...go here. If you love trivia...go here!
Food is really good but a little pricey. Beer and wine selection is top notch. Staff is good, but the kitchen can get a little backed up and slow. Comfortable and fun place to have a few drinks with friends.
Loved it....unlike anywhere else in Vero Beach. How shall I put it? It has a more 'progressive' crowd. Music was good but a tad loud to afford dinner conversation. Still, I'd go back!
The Kilted Mermaid receives our highest level of praise in that it's the only place in Vero that we refer to as "our spot". They are a healthy mix of a West Village gastropub and a Midtown wine bar with just enough Florida beach town flair to keep the tourists happy. The atmosphere is dark and vibrant, like a British pub meets an art gallery. This is one of those great places where it would be perfectly acceptable to see someone in shorts and sandals sitting at the bar next to a couple in a cocktail dress and suit.  WE LOVE THIS PLACE! On your first visit, you will be treated like family. On your second visit, they will know your name. Hundreds of beers and wines in bottles and a well curated set of rotating taps to appeal to all palates. Their food is a mix of tapas style small plates, excellent sandwiches, and updated versions of the seventies classic fondue. The only thing better than the food and spirits at Kilted Mermaid is the service. Every person who works there can explain to you, in great detail, the nuance of every dish on the menu and every beer and wine in the house. The owners, Rick and Linda, are always present and always available to ensure you have an unforgettable time. If you have lived in Vero or are just visiting and do not visit Kilted Mermaid at least one, you are missing one of the true gems of our little town.
Great beers, good wines... The fondue is outstanding!
Great staff, great selection, laid-back vibe, interesting entertainment. The Kilted Mermaid is a welcome change in Vero Beach.
Great atmosphere and great food. The cheese fondue. (Cheddar) was awesome. Friendly staff and a nice vibe. This was a quick weekend trip in Vero and this was a great find. The band was great. The desert fondue was a bit sweet but very satisfying. I would recommend it and when in Vero again I will definitely swing through. .
My new favorite place to enjoy wine in Vero.  I've tried Cork, and been generally disappointed by the prices and pretention. I love the prices at Riverside, but the old ladies grab my butt too much. Citrus Grille has a good list, but the outside bar is too hot until November, and the prices are a bit high. Kilted Mermaid is totally my kind of place.  The beer and wine lists are very full and reasonably priced.  The staff is friendly and fun.  Their decor is funky and eclectic. The parking is even pretty good. Love the Mermaid...
Oh man.  My parents live in Vero, and I do have to say, the town is more fun than you'd originally think... With that said, this has got to be the coolest place for young people in town.  It has a great selection of beer and wine, I loved my dinner (I had the portobello sandwich), good music, the service was really fantastic, great decor, very hopping.  It's perfect.  Keep up the good work!  I'll be back next week!!
Must try the crab and gorgonzola fondue! Great selection of craft and unusual beers. Service was great! Can't say enough good things about this place!
I have to tell you, this spot makes me smile...seriously, cool vibe.  I live in Vero but am a city girl and love the "off the beaten path" vibe.  I have never had bad service and it is not touristy.  The beer selection is heavenly with olives and fondue you cannot go wrong!
Interesting place! Great atmosphere, amazing wine and beer selection, decent fondue, and the worst service I've ever experienced. The bartenders were openly drinking instead of paying attention to their customers.  They spent more time pawing at each other  than bothering to see if their patrons needed anything.  They rang up the wrong items on our check and just altogether have a lot to learn about how a business should be run. A shame, because other than the service, this place truly has potential.
Very cute place with yummy fondue.  ;). Homemade sangria was amazing!
