New in town and doing the rounds to find the best breakfast in town.  The space is a little small, but the staff is great and the food was spot on.  Definitely in the running to be my go to spot.
Best breakfast by far  Old style  try French toast bananas foster with whipped cream  Alo liked eggs Benedict Oscar with lump crabmeat $11 closed 2 pm & Monday
Great service,  extremely friendly staff and delicious breakfast. The portions were bigger than expected. Free miniature muffins upon arrival. I really liked the fact that they offered turkey bacon. Great dining experience.
This is a little mom and pop restaurant with an adorable family-run feel. When my husband and I stopped in for breakfast, we were greeted very quickly and our server was very fast and friendly. My husband and I both ordered variations of the french toast and we were both extremely satisfied. The portions are realistic and overall we were very happy with the visit! I'd definitely recommend this little gem for anybody looking for a reasonably priced and delicious breakfast/brunch diner!!
This is one of the BEST places I have eaten in my adult life. It's like a time warp when you walk in to a time when restaurants were cozy, clean and hospitable. 1.Atmosphere So very cute and quaint. Reminds me of an old 50's diner complete with oldies playing on the radio. The place is AMAZINGLY CLEAN being that its smaller  I believe that is part of the reason they are on top of every square inch cleaning the whole time we were there.. 2.Staff These have to be some of the nicest people in the food industry I have ever met. So incredibly friendly and warm was like being with old friends as soon as we walked in the door. They ask allot of questions about how you want your food prepared but that's because they will make it the any way you want it.  Unlike cookie cutter chain restaurants that only have one way of getting your food...their way! The owner herself came to the table to introduce herself and speak with us about what we ordered and the restaurant itself. What I loved was that she was excited and enthusiastic as she spoke about her passion for the restaurant and the food she serves. 3.Food All I can say is for a small little place the food Is HUGE! The portions are VERY generous and all made fresh. Wife had the breakfast meal with the most amazing pancakes she has ever had. I had the lilys Pattie melt with fries. Bottom line is you have to try this place once and guaranteed it will become your favorite spot like it did ours.
Arrived at 9:55 there was one table left for two. The couple that came in behind us had to wait for a table. Of all the tables inside only one had food! We thought oh oh we are gonna be here awhile. There was plenty staff, but it took several minutes for anyone to take our drink order. We waited a good half hour for our food after we ordered it. The food was good and the folks are very friendly. Lily was there, with her braided pigtails. She introduced herself...They call her Lily Boop cause she's a huge Betty Boop fan. It's probably a half hour from our house so wouldn't make a special trip, but if we were in that neck of the  woods, maybe we would give it another try.
I come here every time I visit home from school. Hands down one of the best breakfast spots in Martin or St. Lucie county. The food is delicious and Lily and the other employees are so friendly and take the time to get to know you. Try the breakfast burrito!
This is hard to write... As i have been eating at lilys for 2+years - about 4 or more times a month. the last 4 times i have ordered my food did not taste or have the quality it has in the past.  I mostly order the same dish.  Not sure if they have changed food providers or ranch dressing type or something - but the food has been extra greasy and has a sour taste to it.   VERY SAD... but, i think i am done.  the dish i order is a 8+ dollars and to through it out the last 4 times is heart breaking.  it was that bad i could not eat it. I kept giving it one more try because i remember how it WAS and i was thinking it was a fluke, but i was wrong. Sad :(
I've read reviews for awhile now that all made this place sound great. I understand waiting on a Sunday for brunch, but took at least 10 minutes for a waitress to take our drink order. Mind you I watched her walk past us multiple times doing little odd an end things. After finally getting our drinks we ordered an omelette and breakfast burrito, which took at least 45 minutes to come out. We were not the only ones waiting that long either. Ok food, nice people. Terrible waste of time!
Went there today with wife and lil chitlin. WE sat outside, which was hot but had a great breeze. it took a few minutes for a waitress to come but once she came she tended to us right away. We had regular menus but they brought out specialty menu which had way better options. I had the Monti cristo which was awesome. i thoroughly recommend it. she had a grilled egg salad sandwich which she said was excellent. we got little man chicken nuggets and fired, which you could tell were frozen. plus to him though is they brought his drink in a sippy cup which is pretty cool. It was a great visit and i would definitely go there plus they deliver as well. one note however is that their hospitality is AMAZING. the nicest people you will meet.
Having been a couple of times for breakfast we decided to try the lunch at Lily's Cafe. I'm glad that we did. The breakfasts are amazing and the lunches are too. The portions are large but try to save room for one of the delicious desserts. On this day there were fresh bread and pies for purchase and enjoy at home.
I'm may try them again but was a little upset the last time I went. It was just two people for breakfast. Both of us ordered egg whites and coffee. We were in a hurry and quickly paid the bill. My friend was treating me and ran to the car to get more money. I asked her how much the bill was? She stated it was $29.00 and she gave the server $35.00 with tip included. There is no way our bill was that much!!! Not sure what happened but it annoyed me. My friend should have questioned the amount but we were in a hurry. Just FYI, look your bill over before you pay.
Amazing. Everyone was so friendly and the food is delicious. First dinner I went to in Port St Lucie and probably the only one I will go to from now on. They also give you free muffin samples that are delicious.
Looking for a quiet breakfast place with free wifi to take care of some work before heading to a Spring Training baseball game, doing a Tripadvisor online search found me Lily's Cafe as a good option in Port Saint Lucie.  Affordable and delicious, Lily's has a great french toast topped with powdered sugar, fresh blueberries, and fresh strawberries.  They don't call it "Lily's Fantastic French Toast" on the menu unless they can back it up.  The family that works here is very personable and makes for a very comfortable environment. Was disappointed that the wifi didn't work and they couldn't reset the router because it was locked in a room that they didn't have access to.  McDonalds is nearby so I had to use their wifi shortly afterward.
I love this place! I found it last thanksgiving and have brought many friends since! It's a great family oriented breakfast spot! The luvin from the oven is such a treat! The food is great, not over the top delicious, but the atmosphere and positive energy is what gives it 5 stars.
Lily's has some of the best breakfast food I have ever eaten, me and my girlfriend came here on a whim and we were absolutely amazed by the food. I had egg nog French toast, she had the double baked apple cheesecake French toast both were mouthwatering delicious. We shall return for another visit... Thanks ladies of Lily's Cafe!
Big portions, good food the atmosphere is a little dated but other than that no real complaint. The buiscuits and gravy is AWESOME
Great selection of menu items! Unique and craveable breakfast choices served from open to close. We had such a hard time choosing because everything sounded so good! The berry ricotta pancakes were like dessert, and the turkey chili was delicious. If you like spicy, ask for the Marshall special...Lily will know!
So.........this little tiny place... ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS FOOD !!!!!   We went here for breakfast after seeing it on yelp. Sat outside on a rainy day... I had the almond crusted french toast covered with fresh fruit ... amazing food. I also ordered a side of corn beef hash which was homemade and equally delicious. This place was awesome... Just wished we lived here lol
Traveling through the area and I checked Yelp for some suggestions for a good breakfast. Lily's Cafe came up with a ton of great reviews. We ended up trusting the  reviews and have it a try. Wow! Wonderful service and food that reminds you of great home cooking. Its a very small place so you may have to wait, but it's worth it. Me and my girlfriend both had the chicken salad sandwich and absolutely loved it.
Awesome service, so friendly and attentive.  Eggs Benedict Oscar was excellent, tons of crab meat. Free little samples of their muffins. Omelets were average, I'd stick with one of their specialties.
Finally got to try Lily's today for breakfast.  Lily actually waited on us and the service and food were fabulous.  I had Brian's famous Nut crusted french toast. YUMMY.  My husband had scambled eggs, home fries and he said they were cooked perfect.  This is now going to be  regular place for Sunday breakfast.   The homemade muffins were awesome.  They also sell homemade breads.
Now as I always say...... If you have good food and good service you get a good review. This place has both! The food, for us, has been spot on. Everything seems to have Lily's touch added to it. The satff is about as friendly as any can get and then some. They make you feel right at home. I will recommend anyone come here and try them out. **Warning: It is a small cafe so you may have to be prepared to wait if they are busy. I have had the quiche that she makes.....delicious. This past week, I tried the pumpkin creamcheese pancakes.......oh so rich and yummy! Definitley a locally owned family business worth going to.
My husband and I go here at least once a week, they know what we drink, what we eat and our names!  I feel like I'm coming in to a place owned by my family. They change their menu all the time and will make what you want.  They make fresh baked everything!!!  They added amazing breakfast sammies and you can get a creamy swiss/american cheese which is fantastic, it's known as lily's cheese.  We bought a pumpkin/sweet potato pie for Thanksgiving and it was the most amazing pie my husband and I have ever had!!! Their desserts are fantastic and they will usually bring over samples of their freshly baked muffins.  Once you eat here you will come back again and again!
Amazing food and service.  We stop by chance on our way north from PBI.  Starving with three kids and the wife, we sat inside with all the wonderful aromas. Wife had quiche of the day, I had the SW steak breakfast burrito, 6yr old had French toast sticks, 4yr old had Zac Attack pancake ( a huge chic chip pancake). Everyone cleaned their plates.  We loved the mini muffins brought to the table. Bought a slice of pie to go and a dozen mini muffins. Everyone doted on the kids and really made you feel welcome and at home.  The icing on the cake was when Lily brought out the bag of toys and let each pick something out.   Absolutely will be back!
ok, im a reasonable person living in port st. lucie for 17 years and I tried Lilys because of the reviews and did not have a very good experience. The people are very nice. I ordered eggs Benedict  with home fries and a side of bacon. As a business man I understand you must wow the customer. Didnt happen here. Hollandaise sauce was awful. side of bacon was 2 pieces and the bill was over $13. The restaurant was warmer than the 90 degree temp outside. Will not return.
By far the best breakfast spot in Port Saint Lucie. Visited Lily's Cafe 2 times, clean, fresh, and professionally prepared food. The service from Toni, is prompt, courteous, and unobtrusive. If you wait too long you will be standing in line. The muffins, waffles, and oatmeal along with Lily's Fantastic French Toast are sure bets...Try this place before others find out about it.
My ABSOLUTE favorite new breakfast spot...they give you complimentary fresh baked mini muffins and everything I've tried is delicious. They always ask your name to try and get to know you. New Sunday ritual.
A group of nine of us went to Lily's & they were able to accomodate us on short notice by putting tables together. Lily greeted us & talked about her restaurant & told us about the daily specials. She gave me a "Santa Claus" apron as I ordered a meatball sandwich & spaghetti sauce. We all ordered different things and everyone had changes to their order from what was stated on the menu (homefries instead of French fries, salad dressing on the side, etc.). Lily prepared all orders & gave us what we wanted. All of the portions were large & several of us brought "doggie bags" home. The food was very good; the staff was very friendly & the prices were reasonable. We all had a very nice experience.
Breakfast, lunch Internet cafe
This is a small, friendly and delicious place to eat.  There's a reason all the reviews are so good.  Lily and Carrie have such positive energy, one can't help but be happy here!  The baked blueberry french toast is beyond description.......just GO, EAT, and say "Hi" to Lily.  Go once and you'll become a regular.
Food was great when I ate there a few weeks ago.  Outdoor seating.  Place itself is rather mediocre.
The food and service were great. A lot of lovin in this place.  Fell in love with the banana breads.
We tried Lily's for the first time today.  We had an omelet (excellent) and French toast (also excellent).  The owner and wait staff were very personable.  We plan on going back and recommending it to friends.
not so  good
