The best! The Unknown Diner digs it the most!
We stumbled upon this place after some investigating. We often stay-cation in Jensen Beach. All of the restaurants feature this place's fish dip on their menu's appetizer selection. That's when i figured i'd go straight to the source. Yelp searching led me to this place, which could kinda-sorta be considered on the way home... And i knew we had to stop in! They encourage sampling their fish dips before purchasing, and have a lil table of napkins, crackers, and spoons. The lady brought out a few choices, and we tried all of them. Our favorite was the smoked dolphin (mahi mahi) dip. She said it was the most popular. My husband got so excited to see a smoked rack of ribs (yes, just one. The lady explained they had sold out and we were the last! Lucky us, because we ate them later for dinner and they were among some of the best i've had. We also got a smoked turkey leg (which will be for tomorrow). The prices were reasonable, and the lady working the counter was super friendly and warm. We will return EVERY TIME we're in the area!
A solid south Florida favorite, Mrs Peters fish dip is the best fish dip I have found. Try the original, the tuna or the dolphin (It really drives me crazy that everyone calls it "Mahi Mahi"). Slice up some jalapeño peppers, some green onions, get out the hot sauce of your choice, and what ever cracker you like (plain old saltine type crackers are perfect) invite some friends and crack a cold frothy malted adult beverage or three and have a blast!
This is a must try in Rio, FL. All of the fish dips are delicious and the place smells like smoked fish heaven! I could eat the fish dip for an entire meal! Best part, you can sample everything before you buy!
After having Mrs. Peter's smoked fish dip at several restaurnts in the area, at almost any meal I could get it during our vacation - I am STILL craving this stuff! Some served it just with a lemon garnish for a quick squeeze, others went full out with veggies and jalapenos. Anyway you serve this it will be amazing! Can't wait to place an order to have some shipped and satisfy my taste of Florida cravings!
The Mahi Mahi smoked fish is amazing.  I'm not usually a fan of smoked foods, but wow.  That's all I can say.  That fish dip is amazing...
We have new next door neighbors that brought us a small basket with two smoked fish dips (Sea Twang and Mermaid) along with a box of Carr's Table Water crackers.  What a treat!  I don't know that either my husband or I had experienced smoked fish dip until now.  Not a connoisseur, but I got to believe that this is, "Woohoo!, As good as it gets!"  Since, I've mail ordered more for further enjoyment.  I was not clear of the expiration date , but we kept ours longer than 4 days in the refrigerator, and consumed every last bite.  We'd love to get to Jensen Beach and sample some of their smoked fish, and bring some more dip home!!
Craig Werle's father bought this smokehouse from Mrs. Peters back in 1976. She'd been smoking fish since 1931, he said. This fish smokehouse is a rare local jewel. Craig uses local Australian Pine to smoke fish on the premises. He's famous for his smoked fish spreads, but if you're in the Stuart-Port St. Lucie-Jensen Beach area, it's worth a drive down Dixie Highwary to get wahoo, garlic smoked salmon, lemon-pepper smoked shrimp, or my favorite, local spicy smoked dolphin--aka mahi mahi. With so many chains invading the Treasure Coast, do help keep 80 years fish smokin' knowhow alive.
We visited the Smoke house while visiting family during the Holiday.  We picked up some smoked shrimp, mahi mahi, and smoked fish dips.  All the products where fresh and served with a smile.
One of a kind. An institution in Jesen Beach. Best smoked fish ANYWHERE. A must try take out if you are in the Stuart Jensen Beach Area.
Best smoked fish anywhere.  There's a reason why all the local restaurants offer it.
We've been stopping here for years.  This May and July I bought some to take back to Pennsylvania.  Packed in an insulated lunch carrier with frozen packs and cleared TSA without a question?  It's great to enjoy in PA you can freeze the original Sea Twang for later.
mrspeters.com have NOT been there.  this isa store, not a restaurant, based on the website
