The skies parted and the angels sang, when I bit into my gyro today. Yes, it really was that good!! The famous gyro can come with your choice of fries or salad... My husband went for the salad and I opted for the fries. The fries were delish, and I was told the salad was pretty good as well. Their baklava YUM! Authentic Greek restaurant, family ran... And fabulous!! Definitely will be back!!
I love the food and atomosphere. friendly service every time I go, and everything seems yo be fresh. Try the lemon potatoes as a side instead of fries sometime. Its like home fries with a yummy twist! The only thing I really hate about this place is the layout. Its just hard to navigate.
Great food, good service, fairly priced, cute atmosphere. The gyro platter is amazing, they have a good sauce for the onion rings, and the sangria is really good. This place, and it's sister restaurants, are probably the best Greek food on the Treasure Coast. And they have some crazy looking Oreo dessert that is pretty good (and of course yummy Baklava).
Best Greek in Martin county! Absolutely loved everything I've tried here. For starters, zesty calamari is out of this world. Breaded calamari in a lemon pepperoncini sauce is so delicious. Any if the sautéed dishes are equally as flavorful. And don't forget to get the green beans!!
Best Grits I have ever tasted!!!! The Greek menu is fantastic especially salad...so yummy
The portions are large, the place is clean, and the service is great! I am a repeat customer and will return for some more great greek food! They have awesome lamb and beef gyros. I've had the chicken gyro too, and it was really good, but I prefer the lamb. I love their greek salad. The dressing is really good. Their chocolate eclair cake is amazing!
Fabulous diner. We actually went to Spiros in Palm City (in the Publix Plaza).  The telephone listed is actually for another location of theirs (I made a reservation...which they said was Jensen. I double checked yelp and it was listed incorrectly). Just a heads up. Portions HUGE, food excellent, service wonderful. And they serve beer and wine!  A must visit. Look forward to returning.
I typically order the spinach pie, fried zucchini, and hummus platter. They are all really good.
Excellent food and very friendly staff!
Man, I so want to give this place 4 stars because they do have decent food. I've spent many a lunch hour at this place since they opened. Always a good greek salad, garlicky dressing, and pea soup Wednesdays. Some of their other items can be hit or miss. But I stopped frequenting this place based on one experience. Co-workers and I stopped in for our weekly lunch. There was a local gentleman who we've seen on a few occasions there who is seemingly incontinent, and was seated next to us. As we are halfway into our lunch, a very unpleasant aroma began wafting around us. I looked over and the poor man lost his bowels, down his leg, onto the chair and floor. I am not faulting the man in any way. We alerted the waitress, as we got up asked for our check, trying hard not to vomit. The waitress said 'oh, that's just balsamic dressing he spilled', and the bus boy came out and mopped the floor. She wiped the seat with a wet rag, after he got up and left. Within seconds, she seated 2 guests AT THAT SAME TABLE without sanitizing/bleaching the brown explosion of 'balsamic vinaigrette'. That, my friends, is the reason I cannot return here.
The Olympic Diner was highly recommended by someone I met in Palm City during my vacation/visit. I went there on a Friday at lunch time. I didn't occur to me that it might not have been a smart idea with all the employees from the local businesses out for their lunch break. Not a seat was to be had. No problem, I got the Famous Gyro Sandwich with a Greek salad to go. The service was quick and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The Gyro and salad were delicious. I highly recommend this establishment.
Just an update on my last review. The server that was so scatterbrained is evidently not working here any more and the service is now much better. It seemed like I ALWAYS got the ditzy one and now that's not a problem any more. I try to go here at least once a week. I've tried other Greek places and they just don't compare. I think it's because I always get the Greek salad and I'm absolutely hooked on the dressing at Olympic Diner!
Diner a little small but clean with nice decor. Staff is friendly with fast service. Very reasonably priced. Lemon Rice Soup- just the right hint of lemon flavor. Greek Salad with Gyro Meat- Hugh portion that two people can share. Salad was fresh and crisp with lots of Greek dressing that was loaded with flavor on the side. Gyro Platter with Lemon Roasted Potatoes - Hugh portion  and the potatoes were fresh, roasted with just a hint of lemon flavor.
Wow. Wow. Wow. You would never think from the outside/location that this is the best Greek food within an hour drive in any direction. The staff is amzing, fun, friendly and brilliant. The food....oh the food. I suggest you have a Lamb Gyro, lemon rice soup, spanakopita and if you want something heavy you MUST try the pastitsio. It is one of the best I've ever had. I cant say enough good things about this place. Its a must try/have if you are in the area.
Stopped in to Olympic Diner for lunch last week on my way to the new Vine & Barley in Palm City.  I was hungry and spotting a Greek joint sounded great to me. The place is small with maybe 12 tables inside and a few outside.  A bit of Greek artwork and flair on the walls and man were they busy.  I was able to get the last open table inside. I was greeted almost immediately upon sitting down and asked for my drink order.  This would be a theme through my visit. I ordered the lamb & beef gyro pita and opted for a healthy choice of Greek salad instead of fries.  Again I very quickly received my salad.  It had a strange looking pink dressing on it, not like the typical Greek dressing you see.  Despite the Pepto look it was actually quite good and I saw that they sell bottles of it to go. Not long after finishing my salad the gyro was in front of me.  Tons of meat stuffed into the pita with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and a very good Tadzhik sauce.  I finished it almost as quickly as they brought everything out to me. I was looking to kill about 45 minutes and I was in there for about 20.  They were that quick.  And by no means did they try to rush me out of there.  They were just providing such a good service that I didn't want to hold up this table on my own when someone else could use it. Next time I find myself in Palm City I will certainly stop back in.
We passed through here for lunch on a drive to southern Florida and were very pleasantly surprised! Very cute atmosphere/decor & the food was great and a good price. I would definitely recommend it - it was a great value! Our server was very attentive.  If we lived close, we would definitely be regulars :)
I go for the spinach pie or Greek salad with chicken...
Got off the turnpike for a quick bite and we found this Greek restaurant next to Publix. The service was friendly and the ambience was great as it was decorated with greek columns and the like. On to the food... We ordered the flaming cheese app which was delicious.  I had the gyro platter and my girlfriend had the gyro sandwich. CAUTION: big portions. You definitely get your money's worth. Both dishes were excellent and we each got their house Greek salad. The dressing was really tasty and not overwhelming. The salad tasted very fresh.  The potatoes as a side are highly recommended. For some reason all of the Greek restaurants that I've been to have been excellent (probably thanks to Yelp) so its hard to set them apart, and this one certainly comes close but I think I've been to slightly better in Miami.  This one's decor probably was the most original. Oh and the baklava was good but I wish it came in smaller portions.
So I have spent the past year of my life living in Astoria, NY -- GREEK headquarters! I have just recently moved back to Stuart, FL and was in the mood for some great Greek food. My parents took me to The Olympic Diner and I must say, I was impressed! All their food was great. I've had the big greek salad, the pita with tzatziki sauce, a couple other appetizers as well as the gyro's and they have all been right up there with the NY restaurants! The atmosphere is really nice as well. There is plenty of parking and also there are seats outside. I really enjoy this restaurant and I heard they are opening up a second location as well. I would reccommend this place to anyone! OPA!
Best gyro around.  Love the fresh salads and lemon chicken soup is delicious.
You can never go wrong with this Greek diner. There is always something to eat on the menu no matter what mood you are in. I have yet to try a dish I didn't like and I've been there quite a few times. They have THE BEST lemon roated potatoes. Portions aer huge and it's definitely a good value. I've brought my son there with me since he was born and they are incredibly kid friendly and friendly in general!
Wow, so pleased to have tried an excellent Mediterranean restaurant right here in little Palm City! We tried this place for lunch, and they had a surprisingly decent lunch crowd. The atmosphere is a little cheesy/strip mall diner, but in fairness, it IS in a strip mall- I wouldn't expect anything more. I was a little skeptical of this place after I started perusing the menu and noticing things like Philly cheese steaks, cheeseburgers, and chicken fingers. Don't let this deter you; it's not indicative of the authenticity of the Greek items on the menu. I wasn't very hungry on this visit, so I ordered a cup of the avgo lemono soup and a side of the Greek green beans. My fiancee had the gyro sandwich with the lemon roasted potatoes (which our waitress allowed him substitute instead of french fries for no extra charge). My soup was deliciously creamy and lemony, and the "cup" that I ordered (the only size listed on the menu) was HUGE! Definitely more like a bowl. The green beans, which were served in a tangy stewed tomato sauce, were tasty and authentic. The boy said his gyro was "top tier"- among some of the best, and the pita looked absolutely delicious; pillowy and slightly brown and crisp along the edges. I tried a bite of his lemon roasted potatoes, and they were absolutely the best I had ever had. So moist, lemony, and garlicky. YUMMMM. Desserts looked amazingly awesome (hello, biggest piece of baklava I have ever seen), but we definitely didn't have room.
Fabulous gyro accompanied by Greek salad. Dressing is wonderful. Wish I had an Olympic Diner near me!
Very good Greek! I was pleasantly surprised at this little place-ignore the strip mall surroundings. The Greek Chicken salad and stuffed pitas are delicious. The portions are huge, and all the ingredients seem very fresh. Not being Greek myself, I was reluctant to write a review on this place. What do I know about good Greek food? Then my girlfriend (who just moved here from Athens, Greece) said this is also her favorite place. If it's authentic enough for her, it is authentic enough for me! Oh, and the waitresses are these cute little Greek girls that look like they just stepped off the set of "My Big Fat Greek Wedding."  Love it.
Service was fast and friendly.   We had lamb/beef gyro with greek salad instead of fries...generous portions, good portions for price, and flavor of gyro was excellent.  Iced tea was fresh brewed.  We were just visiting for the day, but I would go back here  if I come to this area again.
It did NOT disappoint!  Atmosphere was bustling and food was delicious & authentic.  Great place for a quick bite.  Very reasonable.
Lamb shank was very dry. Chicken was even drier, couldn't think that would be possible. They have a cleanliness issue as the floors seemed to be covered in grease. Service was good. If you are looking for decent food this is not the place. Save yourself the time,  Not authentic Greek fare.
Great service, low price, excellent food and great staff!
Gyros are large, fairly priced, and delicious. You must try their salad with the Greek yogurt dressing - very very good. I've had Gyros here many times and I've always enjoyed both the Lamb and Chicken. They give you a large portion at a fair price. Breakfast here is good too. Highly recommend this place for a great Gyro and Salad.
Great food. Fun and friendly staff.
I have been here three times now and every time I have been very impressed. The staff is very friendly, the food is prepared very quickly, and it tastes amazing. I highly recommend the Mediterranean Pita for lunch. Also the Greek Salad is exceptional, and it is already prepared so it will be on your table a few seconds after ordering. It can be a little crowded at lunch time so coming a little before noon is nice
