Excellent, excellent food. Glad I came with a local, or I wouldn't have stopped. The outside looked a little shabby, but the food and friendly service more than made up for the first impression. From low key salads to more complex seafood, you can't miss. Can't wait to come back!
Almost impossible to find and not the most amazing ambiance but amazing seafood and best I've had in the Vero Beach area! Peel and eat shrimp and oysters were perfect.
Been here twice now. Very unassuming exterior kind of hides the quality of the menu. If you are a seafood fan try 12A Buoy. I don't think you would be disappointed. The fried oyster app was great, and the grouper sandwich that was the best I have had.
You must try them while in Fort Pierce. Great food, their daily specials are always excellent. Good weather makes for nice dining outside with music.
did not get the lobstah mac and cheese like a lot of people wrote about.  I wanted something lighter so got the conch salad and mahi grilled fish sandwich. conch salad: minced conch mixed with cucumbers, jalapeno, bell peppers served with tricolor tortilla chips.  conch was chewy. fish sandwich: sliced raw onions, tomato, shredded cabbage with a wedge of pickle and side of fruit, coleslaw, or fries.  fish was moist but tasted a bit burnt. service was a bit slow but very friendly.  very laid back environment by fort pierce fisherman's wharf.
I agree with the other 5 star reviews.  Simply put, the chef has an outstanding ability to deliver complex flavors in a meal without going over the top.  We have eaten at plenty of more expensive places but this has the best seafood around. Its certainly not fancy, and its worth putting up with a wait.  BTW order the lobster mac n cheese.  I never do...we did here...awesome! I wish they had a full bar but if that is my only gripe, its 5 stars to me.  Very casual.
For my pallet the stuffed shrimp worked well, it wss tangy any firm.  The slaw left a bit to desired but a bit of salt and pepper made it good.  the atmodphere is loud and echos but for a dive diner it is excellent well worth the hunt
Had lunch there with my boyfriend and his mother. It was a bit hard to find, had to ask for directions from local businesses, the place was busy when we got there and it was a windy day so no one wanted to sit outside! We had a 10 min wait and were seated very quickly. We ordered: Lobster mac and cheese- I'm lactose intolerant so I just had a small bite, but the rest of the group made it disappear, definitely worth trying. Mahi sliders- ordered with cole slaw, added the pickles, slaw and tartar sauce to the sliders. The blackening on the mahi was delicious. The slaw was less tangy than the usual, which I really enjoyed. Crunchy grouper, it's coated in something like special k and some onions, the crunch was great and we liked that it wasn't fried. The fries were good, crunchy enough. The portion is large we brought back leftovers Miami vice soup: my boyfriend and his mother both said it was great. It's a mix of clam chowder and conch chowder.
Good food here. We ate here last night and I'm so glad we did. It's located in Fisherman's Wharf in Fort Pierce, so it can smell a little fishy because there are fish cleaning tables located right at the boat ramp beside the restaurant. Food was delicious. I had the blackened scallops and my girlfriend had the broiled lobster tail. You get two sides with entrees; try the mashed potatoes - pretty tasty. I can't wait to go back here. Good seafood is hard to find in Florida(I know, I know) and this place has good seafood.
We had 1/2 pound peel & eat Shrimp, Lobster & Shrimp Canneloni and the Onion Crusted Grouper, all were above excellent as usual. Love 12A, it's a must when in Fort Pierce.
Definitely feels like a great local spot.  I had the lobster mac & cheese and my wife had the mini crab cakes and a fancy side salad.  Lobster mac was spectacular.   Mini crab cakes were probably the best I ever had BUT were small for the price.  Salad was great.
Went here today on the basis of the Yelps and boy, were you guys right!!! Very good, very fresh food...a wonderful lunch. Hubby started with the Smoked Fish Spread and he loved it. We ordered the Crunchy Grouper Sandwich, and the Mahi Sandwich (grilled) both with fries and we cut them in half so we could try both. His choice was the grouper and mine was the mahi and, while we enjoyed both, we both preferred the choice the other had made...good thing we shared!! :) Other than tartar sauce, there is a slightly spicy remoulade to choose...it's a must to try!!!!!!!!!!!! Really delicious, great service, and...bonus...fresh brewed iced tea. :) Can't wait to go back when the weather cools down and sit outside on the patio. Oh, I almost forgot...someone there loves 80's music...giving away my age but I recognized some oldies but goodies, LOL. Billy Idol...and the Divinyls "I touch myself"... haven't heard that in...well...like decades???
OMG! The food at this place is beyond delicious. The first time I ate here I had a plate called the "GLUTTONY" and trust me, it loved up to its name. It was a seafood filled pasta with the MOST delicious sauce ever, mildly spicy. I went to heaven during that hour.  We flew our private plane a second time just to eat here again. Sadly the gluttony was no longered offered, but I had the Ahi Tuna and it was delicious as well. DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT! JUST GO!!!
This is such a great place if you're in the Port St Lucie area. It's kind of a dive bar scene but has the most delicious food ever. Definitely get the fresh shucked oysters that are ridiculously inexpensive but taste really delicious. They have a sweet, brine flavor that is a favorite in any oyster lover's palate. The lobster mac and cheese has me smiling ear to ear. There are many chunks of lobsters and the cheese is so smooth your heart will skip a beat. The grouper is delicious and flakey, the clam chowder had a million clams in them and wasn't too salty! I was so happy with all the food I ate there and I feel as though I ate the whole menu and was satisfied. The only thing I would stay away from is the calamari. Only because you can get that anywhere and it tastes the same.
You can always count on a wonderful meal here. Lobster Mac and Cheese is a must! The Ahi Tuna is the best around, the chowders, clams, mussels, everything is fresh and fantastic. Had the scallops, mahi, shrimp and everything was fresh and flavorful. Always a great place to take friends and the service is attentive. You may have to wait for a table but it is worth it!
Waiting for a table was a pain, since the hostess was obviously overwhelmed and the line blocked the doorway.  The empty tables on the deck (where we wanted to sit) just made it more annoying to have to stand around for twenty minutes just waiting to be acknowledged.  Our waiter made up for the initial delay, bringing us refills, etc almost before we knew we wanted them. We ordered the conch chowder and a house salad- the salad was fantastic, full of fresh veggies, but the chowder left a lot to be desired and tasted like it had Campbell's tomato soup in it.  Next up was Crab Stuffed Shrimp and a Fried Grouper Sandwich, both of which were good, but not outstanding.
So much fun, such good food. Fun, funky, wonderful food. good wine list with good variety and price point. The key lime pie is to die for - huge - one serving can easily serve 3. Casual atmosphere and friendly efficient staff. Whenever we have visitors, 12A Buoy is stop #1 on our "must go to" restaurants. My only hesitation in writing this review is that (selfishly) I don't want the place to become more popular, as I feel like it's my own little hidden gem.
Excellent service, local fresh seafood place you must check out. Live music out on the patio, coupled with cheap draft beet makes for a wonderful evening. We had the lobster Mac and cheese, blackened scallops, fried calamari, mini crabcakes, clam chowder, 'gluttony' (you'll have to research to find out what that entails!), a dozen fresh raw oysters and a fresh grouper sandwich. All for the 4 of us which was not only plenty of food, but truly made us gluttons. Great choice if you are vacationing in west palm beach area, worth the drive.
My husband and I were in town on business and our client recommended Buoy 12A! Man are we glad he did! We ended up eating there 3 times while we were in Fort Pierce. The lobster mac and cheese is simply to die for! I also loved the blackened scallops - they were cooked just right! My husband had the prime rib and would have eaten another one if he could have! They had great prices on wine and draft beer too! Great atmosphere, great service, delicious food!
Tucked away on the harbor....love this place. The Florida Lobster was absolutely to die for! A great date kinda place! Reasonably price and a very nice atmosphere here! If you haven't been, you NEED to try it!
Great seafood! Locals pack this place every nite, & hate the fact that it's closed on Tuesdays. Very casual, super friendly, and the prepare seafood to perfection! This is the place worth finding off the beaten path. Don't let your GPS foil you. Call the place, and they'll help you find it. Well worth finding! Trust me!
If your looking for a quant little quiet place this ain't it. This is  a place with excellent food. From the chowder to the lobster Mac and cheese to the cowboy steak everything was excellent   I'm in this area maybe once a year this place will defiantly be some place that I make sure I come back to.
My mom found the Buoy 12A in her guide book and wanted to go. We got lucky and beat the lunch crowd, and were quickly seated. Our group ordered raw oysters, fish & chips, the lobster mac & cheese, the special lobster-stuffed portobello mushrooms and Mahi sandwich, and finished it all off with a Key Lime pie. -Raw oysters (from the Gulf) were a steal! They were big and delicious. :) -Lobster mac n cheese was very, very rich. I wouldn't recommend ordering it as a meal unless you're a hardcore mac n cheese lover like my sister. Sharing it is the way to go. -Fish & chips were ok. Although it was the catch of the day, I felt like they could've definitely gave it more flavor. As it was, it barely held together- more of a steamed or cooked fish that happens to have been briefly fried than, well, fish & chips. -Mahi sandwich- parents were not impressed. -Special: Lobster-stuffed portobello mushroom: Was good! I had a small bite that did not include lobster but still delicious. Mom was impressed. -Key lime pie: tbh I've only had Key lime pie once, and that was at Fish House in Key Largo (?). That was such a strong start that Buoy 12A's key lime pie seemed weak. Where Fish House's was creamy and deliciously tart, Buoy 12A's had a texture almost like ice cream but lost the tartness. Not quite a fan of this one, but that could also be me coming in with high expectations. I hovered between a 3 and 4 before settling on a 3. We had slow service- when we sat down, a table of six was finishing up next to us. Another table of six was seated, and left before us.
This place smells great!  And the food is awesome. Small place tucked away, by worth finding. Clam chowder was awesome and the even plate the food pretty for such a small reasonably priced place.
Outstanding hole-in-the-wall.  If I wasn't with a local (and not had Yelp!) I would not have known about this outstanding eatery!  You are really taken aback by the plates of incredible food coming out the door.  Sat outside and had a wonderful meal.  After the meal, enjoyed a few beers and a cigar - nice to be able to enjoy a cigar after a great meal on a nice summer night.  Also, some very colorful local people watching! Five stars all the way for the food and if you are in to the hole-in-the wall settings - you got a 10 on your hands with htis one!
Flew in for the day to have an early dinner in Fort Pierce.  Read the reviews on different sites and this was my second choice.  We thought our first choice didn't open until 5 PM.   The place is extremely casual.  The food was EXCELLENT.  The presentation was that of a high class restaurant.  The service was very good as well.  My husband ordered the Gluttony which was different seafood in a creamy cajun sauce over fettucine.  He says he would like to go back and order the same thing because it was very good.  I ordered the Citrus Snapper and that was very tasty as well, even the vegetables were good.  We started with the lobster mac and cheese and that was very tasty.  It is a kid friendly place and our daughter ate all her chicken strips and yummy fries.
Great place for seafood lunch in the area Pros: - friendly service, fast - cheap domestic beers without happy hour - lobster mac and cheese was yummy - lobster sandwich with bacon, avocado, and egg bread --- you can't go wrong with this combo. It did not disappoint.
Really enjoy coming here and hope they stay open for years to come. The freshest, best cooked fish in the area for a reasonable price. Great laid-back atmosphere with only the freshest catches available. Last tried their breaded Pompano fish and it was delicious. Everything from soups to salads to entrees is mouth watering. Their staff is also extremely friendly. Great service and all-around great restaurant!
This place never ever disappoints. I absolutely love this place. We were a party of 6, 5:30pm on the Sunday before Labor Day. The place was slammed but we were seated in a hightop within 20-25 minutes. We would wait to eat here because the food is just that great. We had the New England clam chowder (delicious and hearty), the tuna sashimi (a bit overcooked but the pickled slaw and wasabi sauce was delicious), mini crab cakes (amazing! Absolutely delicious), conch fritters (a bit too much flavor taking away from the conch aspect but very tasty), smoked dip (delicious. Loved it especially since it was served with diced red onions, tomatoes and fresh jalapeño), French fries (super crispy. Really good) and lobster Mac n cheese (you can't go there especially for the first time and not order it!). All of it was absolutely delicious. Even though they were busy the food came out quickly and perfect. Our server Jasmine was so attentive and quick. Love this place. I will continue taking family and friends here. Total price was $90 including sodas for all, a bowl and 2 cups of clam chowder.
4 1/2 stars. I don't mind offering some critical comments but I don't really have any other than it's loud inside, hot outside and they have bad t-shirts! Have been there for lunch and dinner.  Food has been extremely good for the price.  I'm not a grits guy but their shrimp and grits were fantastic.  I've also tried the smoked fish dip app (good), calamari (good), lobster mac-n-cheese (good but extremely rich), tuna sashimi (very good), clam chowder (good), blackened mahi sandwich (good but not spicy enough), and one of the seafood pastas which was decent. When a friend and I went there there was a table next to us (inside) where you would have thought the guy worked in a factory his entire life and perhaps just ended a shift.  But no, he was apparently a yacht salesman and the poor couple he was with must have been feeling as my friend and I did by the end of our meal..."when can we get outside to hear something other than this man's booming voice?"  They have terrible acoustics inside so someone with a loud voice that carries in a place like this really detracts from the overall experience. Overall the service and food were very good and the value was excellent.   The t-shirt reference: I'm a tourist - I buy t-shirts from unique places - but I don't like black t-shirts, not a big deal and enough said.
This wonderful restaurant is currently closed, indefinitely, due to a kitchen fire. What a shame. i hope they reopen soon. I already miss the food.
Everything was absolutely amazing.  while staying in Vero beach I was looking for some authentic seafood without spending over $50.  Not only was it in my price range but exceeded my expectations, and sadly couldn't find a place in Vero beach to even come close.  The highlights of my table were the Miami vice, which was a  mix of conch and clam chowder and it was absolutely amazing.  The Thai shrimp and mac and cheese is a must.  The scallops were great.  I'm kind of a key lime pie enthusiast and this was the best key lime pie I've ever experienced.  The staff was great along with great beer and wine options.
One word...AWESOME!  Best place we ate on our vacation....so we came twice!  Dinner was fantastic.  I had the special (tilefish...who knew that was a fish..) and hubby had the scallops.  It was, again, awesome!  We actually started with their tasty lobster Mac-n-Cheese and ended with the best key lime pie ever! We came back for lunch and had lobster club and grouper sandwich, they didn't disappoint!  Of course, yes, we did have another helping of the key lime...how could we not?!?
Hard to find little seafood shack with most excellent food. We stopped in here looking for a new place to try after reading abou tit on yelp. This place did not disappoint. Started with the Lobster Mac n Cheese, which was delicious. Then we shared an order of fried shrimp and fried oysters with fries, rice, collard greens and a bowl of chowder. The waitress gave us samples n we decided to try the mixture of red and white which was called miami vice and tasted awesome. The prices were reasonable, the service very good and I even walked out with leftovers for dinner and a fresh coke in a to go cup.
I try lobster mac and cheese everywhere I go and I will say this was decent although the lobster could have been on the fresher side and the mac a little less rich.  Still, it was good.  The Miami Vice (half New England clam chowder half conch chowder) was the bomb diggity.  My friend loved it and ended up ordering an entire bowl the next day.  He had the crispy fish sandwich and coleslaw which he raved about.  It looked delish.  We had to go back the next day and have more.  I had the crispy fish (sea bass) and OH HELLZ YEAH!!!!  I wanted the side of cheesy grits and was disappointed to learn on fish taco day there are no grits but rice and beans.  I got the rice and beans and even they are EXCELLENT! The servers were on top of things and we were left wanting for nothing.  I cannot recommend this place enough.  It was a bright spot in an otherwise boring visit to Ft. Pierce.  YUM!
Delicious! Amazing! Worth the money! AMAZING food with beautiful presentation, excellent service, and the atmosphere is great too. We love this place!
Went tonight on a Sunday and waited 45 mins for a table which we didn't mind because food is worth it, however our waiter was super slow. We ordered 1 appetizer only to be told 10 mins later they ran out. So we ordered a different appetizer that took about 20 more mins to come, it was stuffed portabellos and was so salty, we could barely eat it, my mom's soup took 30 mins to arrive and that was her appetizer. Once the food finally came out is was good but they never brought my moms veggies with her meal and no butter for baked potato. We noticed other tables get much better service which is why I blame our server.  We will go back because the food for the most part is good.
Went here upon rec from the bait and tackle store nearby, straight over for lunch. Many locals and got promptly seated. Service was wonderful and the food was fresh as well as perfectly cooked with good presentation. Reading the reviews, I wondered how this place could get a bad review for the food. We had battered grouper fish sandwich and tuna tartare ( tower type) hot fries and an awesome huge salad . Worth the $30 with tip.
This is a great place to get high quality seafood in a relaxed atmosphere.  We arrived a little after the lunch rush and were immediately seated and had excellent, attentive service.  I ordered a conch sandwich and boy, was it good.  The conch was as tender as calamari and the breading was light and crispy.  We also tried the clam and conch chowder combination and that was very delicious.  I am a fan of conch and I loved the slightly spicy, tomato-ey conch chowder mixed with the smooth, creamy white clam chowder.  The fried oysters were an excellent standout as well, with a generous size and super fresh taste.  The only thing that was did not meet my expectations was the key lime pie; it was frozen and could have thawed for a few more minutes before being served.  Overall, we had a great experience and will be back for the traditional Florida seafood treats!
Back again this year and lobster Mac and cheese is still the most wonderful dish of all.    We also had crab cake appetizer this time as well and they were balls of crab cakes, not patties as I'm accustomed to.    They were delicious but Mac and cheese still my favorite.   Appears as though others have been checking out yelp because we had a 20 minute wait late in the afternoon this year!
A group of 6 girlfriends and I ate here on our vacation. Needless to say, we tried a little bit of everything. My favorites were the lobster mac and cheese, the blackened scallops, and the best key lime pie I've ever had. Our server was really nice and accommodating.
Excellent food, great service!  We had stuffed shrimp, Thai shrimp, fried shrimp, mini crab cakes, lobster Mac & cheese, snapper, and grouper. Not a single complaint from our party of 8 and lots of mmm's. A little lacking in ambiance but overall a great meal and experience.
Down by the wharf of "Sunrise City" one can find casual surf & turf eats at the Bouy 12A Offshore Grill, a nice, laid-back, indoor/outdoor place; it's accessible by boat and has an nice view of the water and bridge.  I was glad to be shown this place by a "local" (Osceola County) resident who thought it would be up my alley. . . a notion of absolute beauty.  We checked out a good bit of the menu, having batter-fried conch fritters, peel and eat shrimp, fresh tuna salad, blackened mahi, and lobster mac & cheese served in a skillet: Everything was pretty much top notch; fresh, not frozen, not even the fries. Draft selection features some nice craft beers, such as Widmer Hefeweizen and Redhook's Long Hammer IPA, $3 pints. Overall a great lunch and friendly staff. I'd like to see what the nightlife here is all about.
What a great place.  We went with our friends last night and the four of us had a great time and outstanding food.  When we arrived we were told 20 min to sit inside but right now to sit outside. It was a beautiful night even if a bit breezy and they had music -- jazz guitars so we felt lucky to get a table right away.  We started with two appetizers --- lobster mac 'n cheese along with "bloody" oysters.  We also shared a cup of the clam chowder that was outstanding.  Both were to die for.  So good.  For entrees we a a mix of ahi tuna (two different versions -- one sashimi like and the other seared medium rare) both were excellent.  My wife had the grilled scallops with a creamy sauce and was raving about them.  I had the fried shrimp plate with cole slaw.  The slaw was delicious and the shrimp were very fresh.  Along with some good spirits and great wait staff this place is a keeper.  We will be back. We did feel the band could have dialed the volume back a bit but were very good also.
Fun low-key place to sit outside and have a clam chowder and a blackened mahi sandwich. Fair beer selection and good quick service. Great chowder if that is your thing!
This is a great place to eat.  It is a type place you would expect locals to hang out and they do.  The food was a pleasant treat.  We had 18 in our group.  They do not take reservations but told us to call ahead and they would prepare for us.  All the food was exceptional and the presentation was fine dining.  The lobster mac and cheese was a big hit.  All the seafood was a hit with our party too.  I would recommend anything on the menu.  I had the blacken scallops.  I want to go back again and again so I can try it all.  The menu prepares you for slow service..."our kitchen is tiny so be prepared to stay awhile."  If you are in a hurry, this is not the place to go.  Our waitress was fantastic.
A hidden gem in a non tourist area. We stopped here for lunch on our way from Miami to Orlando. As a tourist, I spent more than 1 hour to search of a hidden gem like this while my husband drove. I was not disappointed! First, it was hard to find this restaurant. Second, it seemed that it was a restaurant for local people, families, not business. The restaurant's decor was homy without being pretentious. The staff was friendly. We ordered some special meals: Lobster Mac & Cheese, Portobello mushroom filled with Lobster, Mahi sandwich, Fish & Chip, raw Oysters and Key Lime pie. The Lobster Mac & Cheese was as described by many reviewers: rich and delicious. The Portobello mushroom with an equal delicious Florida Lobster filling. Fish & chip had the day catch. Only the mahi sandwich was below our expectation. The oysters came from Texas, but they were big and juicy. The Key Lime pie tasted like ice cream cake which I liked but not so much my daughters. I recommend this place and hope will have a chance to revisit it again in the future.
This place turned out to be the best meal that I had on a weekend trip to Palm Beach/Port St. Lucie. Talk about an appetizer smorgasboard. Soup (bowl) and caesar salad were oversized proportion and enough for two. Oysters and clams on the half shell were fresh, cool, and sweet. Fried seafood appetizers were delicious as well (except the conch fritters were overcooked). If you go, you have to get lobster mac & cheese, hands down the best appetizer next to the seafood on half shell. Definitely going back next time i'm in town.
Went here on a whim while on a shoot in Ft. Pierce. Seems like a local mom n' pop shop so I wasn't expecting much. We went for dinner service and it was absurdly busy for a monday night and extremely chaotic. It has a very 'local' and 'everyone is welcomed' atmosphere. For the terrible uniforms they were I had my expectations low but was wonderfully surprised. I had the Fish Spread and Blackened Scallops, both meals were fresh, and cooked perfectly. Extremely delicious and presented well. A+ for a restaurant where I was expecting something of hooters caliber.
I stopped by in the early evening after a day spent on the water. The restaurant wasn't too busy at first, but picked up quite a bit by the time I left. I sat at the bar and ordered too much food - the grilled mahi sandwich (catch of the day) and lobster mac and cheese. They were slow getting out the mac & cheese, so I ate the sandwich first. The mahi was very good. A nice-sized piece of fish, cooked just right. Even the French fries were delicious. The bartender was really nice and even gave me a free beer since my food was taking awhile. I got the lobster mac and cheese to go and ate it for lunch the next day.  It was superb. A nice garlicky-cheese flavor and a decent amount of lobster tossed in.  Definitely will go back.
What a find!!  I'm not familiar with Fort Pierce....so when it was my job to find a place to eat there, I did what we all do.....check Yelp.   I would have never found this hidden jewel without the help of our online reviewers. This place is fantastic!!  Small, full of charm and puts out unbelievable dishes!!  No ordinary food here........six different dinners at our table.......no joke, we heard six different "mmmmmmm's" as the food hit our taste buds.  From Steamers, to Lobster MAC&CHEESE (double YUM!), blackened Scallops (absolutely succulent!), to Shrimp Scampi ...... I can't say enough about it!  Prices were more than fair for the amount of food served.  Every one of us took home a doggie bag.  Service was excellent and for as busy as they were, the food did not take forever to come out of the kitchen.  The only bummer was they were out of Key Lime pie (my waistline thanks them).  Most of our party wanted to eat inside, I obliged, but my next visit will be the outdoor dining with it's beautiful view.
I personally love this place. The atmosphere is Florida sea coast/fisherman's wharf but the food is wonderful. Service is quick, the mac & cheese w/lobster is great. Prices are reasonable. In season there may be a wait but it is worth it.
Ate dinner here on our way south and loved it. The lobster mac and cheese was wonderful, creamy and cheesy with a nice crunch on top. We also had the seared ahi tuna with mixed vegetables and roasted potatoes. The tuna was melt-in-your mouth perfect, the veggies were tasty. The potatoes were good, but nothing special. Our other entree was the seared scallops with a creamy lobster sauce. Outstanding. I also got the potatoes and slaw. The slaw never came, but I was getting full so let it pass. Service was a little inattentive, but it was an hour before closing and our waitress was nice enough, she just seemed to forget that we were there. The food was so great that it really didn't bother us. Highly recommended.
Dive bar ambiance combined with five star food with prices somewhere between the two make Buoy 12A a winner in Fort Pierce.   The live music was just starting when we arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday night.  Though the patio is huge with a nice view of the water, we opted to sit inside as it was a bit windy.  The interior is split into a boisterous bar area, where folks at high top tables seemed to be sampling appetizers and the extensive beer and wine lists, and a dining room area, where mostly families sat at about 15 tables.  As you can imagine, it fills up fast, and they don't take reservations, so be prepared for a wait. Our server was a total surfer boy cutie, but his skills definitely fit more with the dive bar vibe than the fine dining product.  Small service foibles included whisking away salad plates that still had salad on them without asking if diners were finished, leaving us to pour our own wine, and leaving water glasses empty. However, food was first rate all around.  First, each dish comes beautifully plated, like what you would expect in a much fancier establishment.  According to my Fort Pierce insider sources, the chef used to work at the Breakers (the super-fancy-Donald-Trump favorite resort 60 miles down the road).  We began with a bottle of the house chardonnay, which tasted much better than its $14/bottle price tag might lead you to believe.  Appetizers were calamari and fried oysters.  Calamari were good, but the oysters were outstanding and the highlight of the meal.  An order came with at least a dozen, big, fat, juicy oysters and a delicious dipping sauce.  This is certainly a must order.  Entree pasta dishes with seafood were impeccably cooked, ahi tuna was seared to rare perfection, and the catch of the day was tasty, whether atop one of their "fancy" salads with grilled artichoke hearts and roasted peppers, or as an entree.  However, side choices were very weak, with options being: baked potato, mashed potato, french fries, rice, green beans or coleslaw.  They certainly had their starch options covered, but how about another nice green vegetable?  Dessert was another miss: "mile high" key lime pie was not any taller than a normal pie and was more sweet than key lime tart. Stop by for oysters and beer and some live music, and I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
This place has beer & wine only, NOT a full bar as listed in the details section.  When I called to double check, they lied and said they had a full liquor bar. We stayed anyway, and food was just OK. Fish seemed fresh, but the stone crab was partially frozen, ruining the texture. Tartar sauce tasted kind of funky, ( I think there was tarragon in it?)
We gave this place 5 stars because it was exactly what we were looking for:  A good seafood shack, by the water, with delicious no-frills seafood, cold beer, and sunshine. We had the raw oysters (side note- Bob's Raw Bar was our first choice, but doesn't open until 5 p.m. regardless of their signs saying 'open at 11 a.m.)  Fried Oysters were also delicious, as was the Ahi Tuna and clam chowder. I give the service 5 stars because my sister ordered a beer, and she was only delivered a 3/4 beer because the keg ran out.  The waitress said "I owe you a little more beer" because of this...and then came back with another full beer on the house. We'd highly recommend this place for an afternoon happy hour in the sun, come by after you're out at the beach like we did.
This is one of my favorite places.  Love the sesame crusted tuna with wasabi.  The place and small and kind of loud, but you can't beat the food!
If you are in the area, do not miss 12A Buoy!  Everything about it is outstanding...from soup to service to dessert!  My husband and I have designated it as a must stop on our frequent journeys south.
Amaze balls!!!! Plain and simple!!!! Diners,Drive Ins and Dives should come here!!!!
Great place to dine! The food is always fantastic and fresh. Whenever we have guest visiting we make sure to bring them here! Highly recommended!
Get the Ahi Sesame Tuna... Seared... trust me!  They only stay open until 9:00, this place should be open until 1:00am... it would be packed
High quality seafood with a little flair. Love the lobster mac and cheese.
We just finished a lovely dinner at 12A Buoy.  The service was at least a 4, we received a table outside as soon as we arrived.  After reading the other reviews I tried the Lobster Mac and Cheese.  OMG it was wonderful just like everyone says.  My husband had the fish of the day, tile that replaced grouper.  Everything was wonderful.  We had eaten here almost exactly a year ago and were glad to be able to return.  We would recommend this place, even though it is hard to find according to our GPS
Ran across this place on yelp. Food is very fresh and the staff is great. We had dinner at the bar. Gene and Kirsten took great care of us! Well be back!
Great burgers for a seafood place!!! Great clam chowder too!!
Had the lobster mac & cheese and it was delicious.. as well as the bacon wrapped monkfish with portobello risotto. My husband had yellow snapper and everything was oh so good. Only wish we could've had the key lime pie but they were out but got the peanut butter pie which was also excellent..
Understated place definitely dice like exterior.  We ate outside since it was quite loud inside. The patio has plastic chairs wobbly tables, looks like a dive but amazing food. Everything was fresh and prepared well.  Lobster and stuffed shrimp dinners were delish. Mac and cheese comes to you in a cure little case iron pan and is yummy, but only if you like gooey cheese and crispy topping. Most drinks are served in plastic cups so you have to be cool enough to deal with that..
We have come to this restaurant numerous times in the past few years and have never been disappointed until now. On Mother's Day I asked my husband to take me there because its always been one of my favorite places to eat. After ordering, it probably took about an hour to receive our food. Our waiter came by to inform us that our order was running late, but it should be up soon....he was great about refilling our waters however, and our appetizers were delivered at a semi-reasonable time. They were out of oysters, so we ordered steamed clams, which were ok, but not as good as their oysters. The lobster Mac n cheese was great as usual. The clam chowder was amazing. Finally our order arrived and we were happy until I took my first bite and realized that my meal had rice instead of mashed potatoes underneath my lamb chops! Wow, what a surprise and I wasn't even told by my waiter that they were out of mashed potatoes! Rice just doesn't go we'll with lamb, and I wouldn't have ordered that if I had known. My daughter was also disappointed to find her mashed potatoes were substituted with a baked potato, and no butter or sour cream, either. So, upon my daughters insistence, we asked for a manager. We told him about our disappointed  with the meals, and he kindly said how sorry he was about it, and that they ran out of mashed potatoes, but never offered to do anything to make up for it, or even stop back by and check on us to see if everything was alright. Wow, I couldn't believe that a manager could be so uncaring and aloof toward customers, especially ones that have been coming for a long time! My husband and son were happy with their pasta dishes at least. We finally decided to ask them if they could do anything to offset our bill, so they deducted a small amount. I hope that this was a rare event for 12A and not a sign that this wonderful non-franchise restaurant is going downhill. :(
Simple menu,  good food.  Huge subs for lunch.  Get good protions for price.
Great clam chowder, fantastic (and huge) grouper sandwich and some great fries.  The only thing I didn't like was the slaw - very bland.
The clam chowder may be the best there is.  The fresh fish is marvelous. Staff is friendly service is good.
Amazing!!!!
Wow. What a terrific meal! I had a dish called gluttony... it was grouper and shrimp with a Cajun sauce over linguine... The presentation was awesome. My girl had grouper (I think) with an orange sauce which was spectacular also. The service was great save for the waitress mumbling within in earshot about our table. As a server myself I admit we had a few questions and I apologized in advance when I asked her to change out the shirt we wanted... Overall she did great she just needs to know not to speak about patrons in the front of the house. I will go back the food was amazing!
Overrated. Second and probably last time here. Calamari was chewy and greasy. Blackened mahi mahi sandwich was tasteless and came on a run of the mill roll. Fries were good but undercooked. Two bright spots. My father liked his fried grouper sandwich and the service was very good. Don't know the area very well but I'm sure you can do better.
Been coming here for a year. Service and quality have continued to deteriorate. Disappointing as Ft Pierce needs some good hangouts. Tonights Ribeye was burnt.....Tuna shoe leather quality. Wrong veggies. Headed to Vero in search of higher quality and a little quieter forum...
This place is fantastic. The service is fast and friendly and the food is FANTASTIC! We were in town for family at the hospital and once we found this place we ate here everyday! At lunch they serve the BEST cheese grits! We highly recommend this place!
I gave this restaurant 4 stars because of the food quality. If I had to rate it on their service, it would be a 2. The food will keep me returning even though the service was very slow. Tough to find, but well worth the trouble.
Good food and service. My father always liked the former place, TheRamp. The Buoy exceeds the Ramp. Had the Grouper and it was great. Get a cup of chowder to start.
Absolutely fantastic. Spectacular food in a salty and unpretentious environment. Not to be missed if you're in Ft. Pierce/PSL area.
Great atmosphere, hard to find gem. The food was excellent.
Only complaint is they could use more space and tables. I loved...I mean LOVED the food and the superb service! I also loved getting "Oscared."
Nothing more to say except perfect, perfect, PERFECT. the BEST food in fort Pierce by far. Haven't had a meal I haven't enjoyed yet, and I cant wait for them to reopen because I am missing it! The lobster mac, cowboy steak, gluttony pasta...and the oysters! Yum
Another update as this time I went there for dinner, and since I've only been there for lunch I thought a dinner update would be necessary.  The prices go up quite a bit from lunch but it just seems more sophisticated food.  The atmosphere is still the same, small rambunctious Florida eatery right next to a boat launch ramp hidden off the main road.  Deffinately a locals place but very good food in a very well presented way.  This time around I got the blackened scallops with mashed potatoes and rice and I must say it was quite tasty.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, medium rare.  Served on a trianglular plate with two chive garnishes and an edible flower to finish.  It was quite beautiful.
You must eat at this place!  We would have never seen or found it if were not for Yelpers.  It is right next to a boat ramp but in the back of a parking lot where you really don't see it until you are close.  The lobster mac n cheese was delicious.  It came in a small cast iron pan all crispy on the outside and creamy inside with pieces of lobster flavoring the dish.  We also had a dozen of the oysters and I was suprised to find them fresh and tasting like the sea instead of bland and average.  I would have ordered another luscious dozen but wanted to enjoy my sandwich.  The Maine Lobster sandwich ($15.) was enormous!!!  It was chuck full of fresh steamed lobster meat on a bed of avacado and bacon. It was like getting the meat from a whole lobster in a sandwich.  I didn't even touch the fries I was in lobster heaven! The meat was tender and full of flavor.  It is definately the best lobster sandwich I have had outside of New England.  My son ordered the fried shrimp and they were huge local tiger shrimp that were fresh and plentiful.  He ordered cheddar cheese grits for his side and it was warm and cheesy comfort food.  The decor is nothing great but the presentation on the food is fabulous.  The service was excellent and the food was outrageously good!
Great fresh seared tuna- probably the best I've ever had!
Food was awesome but a little on the expensive side.  Decor not so much.  I loved the frozen Key Lime pie.  Would go back in a flash!
Excellent food, quality service, reasonable prices when compared to everything else in the area. Definitely the best around!
First off if I could I would give this place 4.5 stars.  Oh yes this is a dive bar, but reading some of the negative comments I have to wonder just what people have in mind when they walk up to a place like this?  Now I will agree that the out door seating arrangement is kinda strange especially when you have a thriving business.  They would be better served to have a hostess seating and getting servers.  Next Yes there is a crowd you might have to get through to get in.  They're loud.  They're having fun for Pete's sake.  If you see a crowd what does that tell you?  Uh maybe they have GOOD FOOD!!!!  The beer is cold and the food, check the pictures.  My wife had the lobster BLT.  It was ridiculous.  There was so much lobster on it she could not eat the bread.  Couple that with avocado and bacon......yeah nuff said.  I had the grouper sandwich.  The damn thing didn't come close to fitting on the bun.  It was lightly fried and delicious.  I have no complaints about this place other than you may need a GPS to find it if you don't know where you're going.  But hey follow your nose.
Found on Yelp while driving up the turnpike. So glad we did.  Quick and friendly service. Conch chowder -spicy tomato based - excellent if you like hot stuff. Fantastic fresh shrimp and the crunchy grouper sandwich was outstanding. Well worth the time off the road and we detour again
We wanted to find a good, casual seafood place during our long weekend trip to the Treasure Coast area.  We definitely found the right place.  After looking up different online forums and customer-rated restaurant sites (urbanspoon had quite a few reviews...while yelp did not.  I thought this place definitely needed more positive feedback), we decided on 12a Buoy. We initially had difficulty finding the restaurant; it was dark, we were hungry, and the navi was a bit confusing. To add to the confusion, there were about 5 similar-looking small restaurants in the same area. Thankfully we found the right place (although we were tempted to go into the restaurant with live music going on), and boy are we glad we did.  Our orders consisted of a LOT of appetizers; we wanted to try a bit of everything. The fresh oysters/clam were (DEFINITELY recommend the oysters) top quality, perfectly sweet, great with beer. Mini crabcakes, conch fritters (which turned out slightly overfried), excellent clam chowder (and a generous-sized bowl too!), fried clams were delicious (perfectly cooked), the ahi tuna rolls were fabulous (the tuna was delicious, and had a great zing with the accompanying wasabi cream), and the lobster mac & cheese were TO DIE FOR (a must-get!!).  As the previous reviewer said, the seafood is fresh and top quality.  The food presentation was also beautiful; it was a pleasant surprise for such a casual and laid-back atmosphere. The staff was also friendly and helpful. We'll definitely be making this a favorite spot whenever we return.
We had a little difficulty finding the place, as it is located well back from the street in what looks to be a parking lot.  When we got in, I thought it looked a bit down-scale.  But when they served the food, we were -- all four of us -- absolutely blown away.  Not only was the fish we had wonderful, but the presentation was, as a woman at an adjoining table, described as like a five star restaurant.  Incredibly, we had a coupon for a free entree, which really made it a bargain, but, even without the coupon, prices are quite reasonable.
The bacon wrapped cobia special with risotto and asparagus was incredible. The tomato cream sauce added a depth to it that was unlike any preparation that I've had in a seafood dish. Great job!
Absolutely great food - just a little place on the water - everything on the menu is excellent - can't be beat!
Well the food is great. The place lacks atmosphere the service just plain sticks if you get some  guy name Joey leave he thinks he is all that. Other wise the food is great the soup is to die for love the blackened scallops. We would go back but we will not have that Joey guy at our table,.
Perfect Florida seafood joint.  Come as you are, local flavor and the seafood was fantastic!  Loved the peel and eat shrimp, lobster Mac and yellowtail.
My wife and I decided to go to 12A Buoy for our wedding anniversary. We had heard that they closed down due to a fire. We were thrilled to see cars out front as we neared closer on the bridge. As we crept closer we started to see people on the patio and tiki torches lit, which both signaled we were about to eat the best seafood in the area. We parked and quickly made our way inside to find the place packed with people, which is even a better sign since it's officially "off season" around here. We put our name on the waiting list and headed to the bar for an adult libation to kill out wait. Fortune was on our side, as the best 2 seats at the bar opened just as we approached. Score one for the good guys!!! We were greeted by the bar tenders with a hellos, hand shakes and smiles!  I love being in the South. We ordered some drinks and added the crab stuffed jalapeño. We thoroughly enjoyed all the conversations we had with the wait staff sitting at the bar.  It wasn't long before our table was ready and we elected to pass it to the next eager patrons and stay at the bar. I couldn't decide if I wanted a conch chowder or a clam chowder so I ordered the Miami vice, which is both mixed together.  It was everything I expected and more...thanks to the random waitress that suggested it. We ended up ordering blackened scallops and shrimp stuffed with crab. The food and the atmosphere were better than we remembered. As for the rumor of the fire. It turns out it was true. The kitchen burned down a couple of years ago and they rebuilt and replaced everything!!! I look forward to going back before our annual summer on the beach is over!
They were right, the Mac and cheese was great. the snapper onion  crusted was good too.   The atmosphere was old Florida fun. Give it a try.
This place is amazing! Was led here by excellent Yelp reviews - with 90% of the ones I read about the Lobster Mac and Cheese - so we had high hopes. We were not let down! The food was outstanding and the ambiance was perfect for a wharfside seafood restaurant. Of course we got the Lobster Mac and Cheese, which was phenomanal, but we also got the crab cakes and a cheeseburger. All were fantastic! A side of cheese grits with my Lobster Mac & Cheese were the best I have ever had. The fries with the burger were easily the best anyone at the table have had as well. The beer selection was decent enough, with a few craft brews on the list, and all in all the prices were reasonable. This is a place you'd never know was there by driving by, probably what makes it so great as it's treasured by locals and best kept a secret. We live an hour and a half away and I would drive down to visit again just to have lunch/dinner!
What a wonderful treat to find this gem right on the waterway! Our lunch was great! The fries and shrimp were crispy and not greasy. Mahi salad a perfect light meal!   I especially liked the grilled artichoke and sun dried tomatoes. Loved the art work also
We were driving up from Miami and was surprised to find this unique place on the water. We got half a pound of stone crab because we had never tried it before. It's very sweet...different. We both got specials for the night. I got an almond crusted striped bass (was yummy) but the sauce it came with was pretty gross. The potatoes were fried and it came with 3 stalks of asparagus.....the man got the blackened mahi mahi with a vegetable medley and mashed potatoes which was absolutely delicious.
Such a great place! Great service. Great atmosphere. And most of all great food! I highly recommend the Lobster Mac & Cheese! I'll definitely be returning!
Found it on yelp and used the reviews to guide us here. It's a cute little place with a friendly staff. We had lunch here. I had the lobster club (lobster, avacado, and bacon). Very tasty. My husband had the bacon wrapped shrimp on a grit cake...amazing. We also had the conch fritters...so good, probably the best we've had. Come and feast
It's very obvious that everyone who works there loves their job and respects this establishment. We were not only warmly greeted by the host, but every staff member  who passed by acknowledged us and thanked us as we left. The food was delicious! Jacks Miami vice soup was so heavenly our server John almost lost an arm when he reached for the bowl before we had a chances to scrape it clean! Price was right on point with the portion sizes. I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting a great experience and fresh seafood. Only thing I can say negative about 12A buoy is the decor. It's a little lackluster but won't stop me from coming back!
This place knocked my socks off!! It's quaint and very welcoming inside. Very Fisherman's Warf-like. The fried fish and coleslaw were the best I have EVER had outside of Mom's.
Highly recommend this little spot.  Truly a local hidden gem.  Great seafood (get the lobster mac and cheese).  Not cheap but well worth your time.
I've eaten here probably a dozen times and maybe had one ok visit the rest were awesome. Service is always good, live music outside on the weekends. They have redecorated inside and it's a bit noisy now, but inside or out is great. Steaks are great, they are the only place around to get real New England clam chowder, and I'm from New England. The conch chowder is good too and they have a Miami vice that is 50/50 of both that is also killer. But by far my favorite is the fried oysters!! They raised the price to 12 dollars since I first had them, but WOW they are still worth every penny. 5 star you have to check it out!
Long wait, but the food was great. We had oysters, conch chowder, lobster mac, and tuna tartare. All were excellent.
This place is a keeper. My uncle and I ate lunch there on Monday afternoon. There's plenty of seating inside and out. It's located in fisherman's wharf in Fort Pierce, FL.  It's an industrial area, There are a few other bar/restaurants there.  The service was good. The food was good. Can't wait to try more menu items, especially the lobster mac & cheese! Both the conch chowder and New England clam chowder were excellent. I got a combo of both. Remember they're closed on Tuesdays!
went here with my husband and friend. VERY busy...which is a good sign! I am not a seafood fan, so i had the cobb salad which was actually very good! Hubby and friend had the "Miami Vice" (i think that's what it was called?) soup. 1/2 new england clam chowder and 1/2 conch soup. they both loved it. My husband had cracked conch and thought it was really delicious and my friend had the mahi mahi. She loved it. If i was passing this way again, i know we would stop by here again!
Ok so this is going to be a lengthy review but bare with me it's worth the read ! Tucked somewhere in between Palm beach and Orlando lies Fort pierce and thank goodness, because after a long day of car trouble on my way north from Miami, finding a place to fall within my pescetarian diet guidelines was sure to be a mission . Seeing as though I was going to be stuck in this area for a night checked into a hotel and began my quest for food .12A Buoy was a gift for my troubled day !  Not only did it fall into my diet it completely surprised me with their amazing customer service (their busy staff still took the time to greet me , and sit me right away, Lisa p was my waitress and was very knowledgeable  ), the food is absolutely delicious (fresh tasting , beautifully presented , piping hot from the kitchen )and didn't break the bank !! Hands down there is nothing I can even compare it too in Miami quality wise not even somewhere priced three times as much ! Needless to say my day turned around .And I will be back ! 2 hour drive and all !
Good: fried shrimp, crab (not really crab) cakes, soups. Bad: snapper was mushy like it had been sitting in melted ice. Really bad: duck was under cooked big time. Overall: garlic too over powering on most everything. Cole slaw was good. Service was excellent.
I've eaten here 4 times in the last 4 months.  Tried fried shrimp, grouper sandwich, mussels, stuffed shrimp, lobster mac and cheese.  Every single item was excellent! If you're looking for ambience, this is not the place.  If you choose outside seating, you're practically sitting in a parking lot.  But the food...the food!  Even the french fries are something spectacular--it's almost like they double fry them. I'd give the food 10 stars if I could. A great, casual place for some excellent food--but expect to wait.
There are restaurants that have honed their area of greatness and skillfully honor it every day. A12 Buoy is one of those and you shouldn't miss it. A12 is hard by the docks and takes advantage of the freshest seafood. Then they take the product and cook it so that you can savor the full flavor of it done as simple or sauced as you like it. They do this precisely and quickly with great service and attention to detail. If you put this place down in Central Manhattan it would be the rave of the town and cost five times more. Try their spicy red conch chowder or their traditional white clam of get a bowl with one type on each side and find your own balance. Try the lobster sandwich but order quickly before it runs out because people know its that good. Shrimp and grits is an appetizer with a tasty polenta mound covered in fresh sauced shrimp and it's incredible. So are the mussels and I could go on. And when your waiter tells you the mangrove snapper is better than the grouper they normally have believe it and appreciate that they know what it is and how to cook it. This is a casual place and it fills up early with locals. Don't be discouraged about waiting. It's worth it. Prices are moderate and service is fast and friendly.
Watch out for the hostess with the long brown hair. She is very absent minded and will pay no attention to the waiting list!  Happened to us twice in 2 of the last three visits. They really need to get better help at the desk.  Was told the wait would be 30 min. Waited over an hour and ended up eating at the bar. Such a shame because we used to go here many times a month We have cut it back because if the service.  Very disappointing.
I had a great experience at 12A Buoy. Everything was excellent. Saturday night. Three people in my party. They don't take reservations so it is on a first come first served basis. We arrived at about 7:30pm and only had to wait 25 minutes even though they said 40. The place is very casual. Lots of outside seating on plastic chairs and tables with umbrellas.  If it is rainy or windy you will not be comfortable outside. The inside is comfortable but a little noisy. But what really makes this restaurant outstanding is both the food and service. The wait staff actually know the menu and can speak to each dish with familiarity. More often than not. after reading through a menu I feel know more about the dished than the wait staff. Not here.  The place is a well oiled operation.  I love it when restaurant wait staff are not territorial so that everyone does what they can to help a customer enjoy their meal. That is how they operate here. As soon as your plate is ready a runner brings you your food while it is hot. Why doesn't every restaurant do this? While waiting for my table I was watching the plates coming out and seeing what people were eating. Every dish looked very good. We ordered the following: Shrimp stuffed with crab meat:  jumbo shrimp sitting on golf ball sized balls of crab stuffing, cooked perfectly. Just seared, not overcooked. Seared scallops: Five large scallops seared perfectly with a nice sauce. Linguine with seafood and sauce: also very good. Side of Asparagus with lump crab meat and Hollandaise sauce. Entrees come with a selection of sides which are all good. Julianne vegetables were really good. (I will resist the temptation of complementing them on their baked potato as you will think I am going overboard with this review. But somehow they get their baked potatoes with a very crispy skin while still very moist on the inside. They must bake them at very high heat.) We also ordered a bowl of the Miami Vice soup  which is New England clam chowder and conch chowder in the same large bowl. It is not mixed as one side is New England and the other side is conch chowder. One person also ordered a CUP of the Miami Vice. Get the bowl not the cup because in the cup it is mixed which makes no sense. Note to management, don't offer the cup size in Miami Vice Chowder. We only drank water and did not order desert or coffees. Bill came to $84 for three people.
Atmosphere -5 stars Food-5 stars Service-5 stars We arrived at peak dinner time on a Saturday night. I only recall the velvet voice of singer Matt Manning. We were told the wait would be about 40 minutes for an outside table. My 6 year old daughter plopped herself down in front of the singer. Every time he sang another song she made sure my husband typed it into his phone, so we could find it later. With a beer from the bar, 40 minutes whizzed by. I don't eat sea food, so I ordered the burger. It was delish. They were out of dessert because someone had bought whole pies earlier in the day. We didn't hide our disappointment at the lack of dessert. Good thing Matt was still singing to calm our nerves. Will call ahead next time to reserve a piece of key lime pie.
My parents who recently moved down to Fort Pierce have been raving about this place for months. So naturally during my latest visit I went to see what all the fuss was about. And needless to say I have fallen in love with their Lobster Roll and will be making a pit stop there every time I visit. The lobster meat is fresh and moist. The sandwich is melt in your mouth good and has my recommendation wholeheartedly.
Party of 5 and we all enjoyed our meal.  Nothing fancy, just good food.    Will be back soon and give it a second try.
Horrible treatment by the male hostess, we show up (3 persons) and there were 5 tables empty and he claim that he was waiting for a big party to arrive. Funny in a place that don't take reservation and don't even answer the phone. One of of us is a very elderly person with a walker, I feel that they discriminate the less privileged. Would never go back. Joe T.
Very fresh fish.  We were surprised and impressed with the food, service and atmosphere.  It was difficult to find but definitely worth the search.  We had the grouper sandwich, tuna tar tar, lobster mac and cheese, and mahi sliders.  We really enjoyed the tuna tar tar and was the healthiest by far of all the entrees.  The mac and cheese was too rich for us. The grouper and mahi was fresh and you have to get the FRENCH FRIES, they are the BEST.  We even had the key lime pie.  If you like a mousse consistency for your key lime pie then get it here.  I personally like the more creamy version with a stronger tart taste.  Whatever your palate, you will definitely find something here.  Oh and the service was great, our refillable drinks were frequently that.  Of course, we ate at 3:00 p.m. on a Saturday so I'm sure when they get crowded it will be more difficult to delivery that good service.
Best seafood on the treasure coast. It's a dive bar, but the best, except for the mussels, they are the worst, need a magnifying glass and a tooth pick to find them. I only order them for the broth and bread for dipping
Surprised no one mentions the lobster club sandwich.  It is my fave!  Delicious lobster salad piled with lettuce avacado and bacon. How can you go wrong with that combo. Every time I am in Ft Pierce it is a must have. Just don't wait till too late in the afternoon or they sometimes run out.   Delish!!
What a delight. The food is amazing. Had the lobster Mac and cheese, the bacon wrapped shrimp with tomato gravy, and blackened grouper, all by recommendation of our server Jen (note to the Owner...this young woman is a treasure. She's positive,enthusiastic, and a great employee).  Don't let the outside  turn you away, it gives no indication of the quality of the food preparation and inspiration you will find inside. Will be back!
The flies!!!!!! The flies!!!!!! Went here for lunch today for the first time. Ordered the clam chowder.....wayyyyyyy too salty. Server was great and took it back. I then ordered 2 shrimp cocktails for myself and my guest. Wow!!!! The shrimp was the size of my thigh........huge!!!! Lol!!!!! Ordered the mahi sandwich which was awesome. My guest had the fried shrimp which was yummy too. The coleslaw looked like it was drowning in mayo but was actually very good. Lunch service was somewhat slow but the wait staff made up for it. Did I mention the flies???? We sat outside and they were constantly on my food. Yuck!!!! $50.00 for lunch with a $12.00 tip because I appreciate great service. :-) Go away flies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
On a rainy Saturday, no overly busy told they have a 60 minute wait.  We are a table of 6 and a table for 6 is empty - No they don't take reservations.  The hostess said that is for the owner.....  where are they?  on their way.   Haha, It would be cheaper for the owner to hire a chef at their home and not take a seat that would have generated $150.00 for 30 minutes.   Not a good business decision - so we left.  Dont worry we will not be returning.
12A Buoy got our attention by the majority Yelp reviews. We went there for the first time on Valentine's Day. Lucky to get an outside table right away @ noontime on a beautiful day.  The crispy grouper sandwich & fries were excellent. The lobster mac & cheese was good; could use more lobster & less cheese. Had the conch salad, which is a ceviche; loved it!  Oyster stew was today's special. For the price, it definitely needs more oysters. All were very fresh and delicious. Will return!
Recommend the tuna tartar. Really like the food. The last few times I've been there have been with large groups from work, so that slowed down the service some, but everything was correct and well prepared.
So far not impressed :( The service at this restaurant sucks. No one has a clue.  The hostess(?) sat us at a table that looked like it got dredged out of the nearby canal, with a view overlooking the a.c. unit and impromptu smoking area.  We moved ourselves to a slightly better table.  We then where ignored by the wait staff for 20 minutes.  Final I haled down a waiter who told me that he would inform our waitress, another 10 minutes.  ANYWAYS at the end of the day its all about the food and it was good.  I had a crusted fried grouper and Sue had crab claws.  3 out of 5 stars.
12a is a nice restaurant right by the water. You can choose to sit inside or outside on the deck. My parents and I got the tuna tar tar for a appetizer. That was good but a little to salty for my liking. If you go you have to try the lobster salad club! The bread and veggies were extremely fresh and the lobster salad was creamy with nice big chunks of real lobster meat! If you like Gritts then you need to get the cheese Gritts as a side. You get a nice serving of thick creamy cheesy Gritts. They do add scallions to the Gritts which I thought was odd but they are easy to remove. The only reason I'm not giving 12a five stars is because our waitress never refilled our drinks. Other than that 12a is a must go to restaurant!
Best seafood restaurant ever!!!! Lobster Mac n Cheese to die for. Shrimp n Grits outstanding not a bad thing on the menu!!
