Very fresh and extremely friendly staff. Will definitely be back in.  Tried the conch chowder.  It was just right with a slick kick and the grilled Mahi was on point.
We came during lunchtime on a weekday.  The food did take a few minutes to come out, but it was well worth the wait.  We had fish tacos and the fried sampler basket...the fish is very fresh, the batter and seasoning was delicious.  I'd highly recommend this place!
Honest food. Grilled platter had about a pound of fish nicely spiced and tasting fresh.  Not gourmet, but for good tasting fish, who needs it?
This restaurant has had me talking about it all day! After reading reviews of it on Urbanspoon, we decided to check it out. I already knew what I wanted to try from all the reviews- fried ipswich whole belly clams. Unfortunately they sold out last night :( So not being a fish lover, I ordered the fried jumbo shrimp combo and hubby ordered the "famous fish and chips". We sat down and waited... When the food came out, it was beautifully prepared and looked delicious. The only thing is that my shrimp didn't look so 'jumbo' and there was only 8 of them- for $12.95 I didn't feel like I got my moneys worth at all. Now hubby's on the other hand had a HUGE portion for a dollar less than mine. After listening to his 'mmm's' I decided to try a bite being as there wasn't anything special about my shrimp and to my shocking disbelief- it was absolutely delicious! The breading was seasoned beyond perfection, the fish was so moist and tender it melted in your mouth along with creamy tartar sauce... this coming from someone who doesn't even like fish! I wished i had ordered it- I talked about this fish literally all day. These plates came with seasoned cris-cut fries and coleslaw as well. The fries were amazing- every single bite was crunchy down to the very last one but the coleslaw was another story. Hubby loved it but I did not. Being from the south I love my mayo based slaws and this one was not- not exactly sure what the base was, but I didn't take more than 2 bites. All in all, we can't wait to go back. Treat your tastebuds and def check this place out!
Excellent food. Very clean. Great waitstaff.
Salmon was great. Onion rings are ok, but I prefer them to be battered not breaded. The place is big and clean. My only complaint is the slow service of bringing the food to the table. It took 20+ minutes to get our food. Being a counter service place we assumed that meant faster meal service.  We would have ordered appetizers and asked for them first had we known.
Update. In response to the comment left. Your manager specifically stated that you don't call in the voucher until the end of the day, not meal.  She stated in this case that I would have to wait "for a while" following the meal. The whole idea of having a QR scan code on the customers phone is that there is no need for a customer to carry a physical coupon. There is nothing written that a customer is to carry a physical coupon, see the aforementioned. Outside of that - I would not have had a problem waiting there, but your manager could have handled it a bit better with a little more decorum - as noticed by another one of your employees who saw the way it was handled and apologized to me. As you, I have never had a problem with local dines, living social, or groupon - three fine gateways of getting traffic into food and entertainment establishments until this. Local Dines contacted me Monday morning a gave me a refund. Due to the substantiation of my complaint by the response, I'll maintain my one star.
Just left there for our first time, with three friends. The service was poor, they were understaffed. Which after meeting the owner I'm surprised she even has a staff. I got a cup of NE clam chowder that when she placed it I front of me the smell alone almost knocked me out. It was so fishy smelling and tasting. I ordered sauté froglegs which I LOVE in garlic, butter and white wine.....disgusting!!! They need lessons from Crawdaddy's. But, I'm not one to complain....I just won't go back.  BUT my girlfriend ordered a dish that tasted bad she had a Mai flat bread with diced tomatoes and blue cheese. She took one bite and could not eat it. She LOVES blue cheese and she said it was so strong and tasted bad. The waitress asked her is she wanted to order something else, she said yes....there was NO WAY she would be able to gag it down. So she ordered Dolpin sticks. AGAIN that too stunk and was to fishy to eat. The waitress came up to us to apologize and said "I'm so sorry but the owner is going to charge you for everything. She was so embarrassed.  I argued with the owner that she should at least take the first dinner off. The woman was such a bitch and refused. I grew up in a very high end restraint business. We would NEVER treat a customer like that. She totally refused. I highly recommend NOT to eat there. Lousy food, poor service, owner is rude. Please avoid food poisioning. This business will never last.
Very good food. Excellent service. The fish and the chicken burrito were best.
I love this place. The new owners are as kind and attentive as one could be. They have great live entertainment. Their food is superb. I'm now personally addicted to the salmon chipotle fish taco. This place is a winner!
Amazingly delicious and fresh food in a casual atmosphere.  Very clean, friendly restaurant that was so much better than any chain. Highly recommend!!!
Visually, the tin fish is a very clean, deceptively large in depth, and really cute  fish place with a very intuitive and helpful waitress. As others have mentioned, you order food at the front, make a donation for the "free" beer or wine, and then wait for your food to be delivered to your table. Considering that this place is located 5 min from my house, I really, really wanted this place to be amazing, so that I wouldn't have to drive all the way to Jensen or Stuart to get good fish. However, my experience was so so with lots of gritty shell included, and I might have to wait a year to give the place a second chance. What went wrong? First, my opinion is based on a California, non-smoker's palette, which means that I'm not used to the amount of salt that I've been experiencing in food out here in Florida. I'm not trying to be snooty; I literally just wasn't raised with this level of salty seasoning, so it doesn't have that comforting taste that you look for in all food. Second, I ordered the fried fish and oyster combo, which came with fish that was moist, lightly breaded, but not crunchy, and my oysters were breaded with a significant amount of shell still attached to them. Literally, I ate 3 oysters before I gave up to make sure it wasn't just a couple fluke oysters with shell, and after the third oyster, I wasn't sure if the giant crunching of every bite was from pieces of shell or broken bits of my teeth that were falling off as a result of the shell. One piece of shell was the size of half a penny. How did someone not notice that that was clinging on to my oyster when they were breading it? The service and atmosphere is excellent, but soggy fish and shell filled oysters is a negative. My mom and aunt both got the grilled shrimp tacos and deemed the shrimp too salty to be consumed by anything other than a horse or donkey. They were plump and cooked well, but it was just too much salt. Also, although it wasn't bad, just know that the cole slaw is not creamy, so if you're expecting kfc-ish type of stuff, you're out of luck. All in all, everything about this place was amazing except for the food. The waitress/cashier was amazing and friendly, and for the service, I might give this place a second chance later when I forget how it feels to crunch the grit of shells in my mouth as I eat. The fish was very moist, but I expect my fish to be crunchy. Shrug
First timer and loved it, but later that night had a bad belly ache.  I have tummy troubles, so I didn't let that stop me.  Second time, same thing!  Third time I passed up my meal and let the hubby enjoy, guess what he got sick as a dog.  I don't know if it was the oil they use or what? but we won't go back!
Casual and friendly atmosphere,excellent service. Went with 5  family members and everyone ordered a different dish. The food was served quickly and was fresh. Everyone revved about their choice and plan on returning in the near future
Stopped in for early dinner on a road trip. Seat yourself, family friendly atmosphere. Waitstaff was super friendly and the food was great. Wife had the crab cake which was huge and delicious. I had the linguine with white clam sauce which was very good. Not too garlicky or oily. Kids had hot dogs with waffle fries and applesauce. Enough for an adult!  Staff gave the kids and extra treat at the end which was super nice. Great place, highly recommend.
Good local seafood - moderate price - lots of beer on tap. Had the chilled shrimp which was cooked while I waited - very clean and tasty. Add some fresh grated horseradish and cocktail sauce and I was all set. Ronn just Ronn The hole in the wall food guy
Food was 'yummy'! The servers were very friendly & efficient. They had a live band who were fun to listen too. Hidden gem in Port St. Lucie!
It's been a while since I checked in here, food is still awesome. Grilled salmon taco is the best in town. They have changed service to wait staff which is a nice change. Still slow but the food is worth the wait, fresh, cooked to order everytime.
We recently stopped in again. This location does offer table service which is a HUGE plus. Unfortunately we feel that the food has changed. The Kaboom Shrimp seemed to be missing something; it just fell flat. We ordered well done fries, they did not come out well done. What is so hard about well done fries on our area? It is not just this restaurant. As I have said before the food is good just not phenomenal anymore. I recommend eating here. Tin fish is definitely good enough for us to return every now and then.
Food is good. Draft Root Beer is off the chain. The service - every SINGLE time - is awful. Rude staff. I live right down the street but now have no desire to go here. They act like everything is a chore.
Great. Great. Great. Found tin fish because of yelp. Grouper sandwich was on the specialty menu. Price was expensive but I love grouper. It came out and I was shocked. The portion was huge. Really too big for a sandwich.  The piece of fish belonged on a platter instead of a bun. So I dispensed with it and dug in. My only advice. Cut that piece of fish in half and lower the price. You'll sell a ton more.
Another amazing meal at Tin Fish on Port St. Lucie Blvd. One dollar really good Genesee Cream Ale every day and the best waffle fries, fish sandwich and Cod tacos. Check out the size of mine in my pic! It was so big I couldn't get it closed at the top.
I really wanted to like this place. Service was good but the prices do not measure up to the quality of the food. Mina was an awesome server!!!! Fish tacos were just "okay" and asparagus was nasty. Will not return. I'm leaving a little hungry as I could not eat the asparagus. Boo!!! :-(
I am embarrassed to say we have lived in PSL for ten years and have passed this place everyday for the four years they have been opened and have not tried it before today. It was my loss! We were welcomed by a big smile asking if we had time to stay and relax to have a seat or if we were in a rush we could take out. Debbie the owner was as nice as can be and explained the menu perfectly. I had the shrimp and corn chowder which was awesome and the crab cakes with onion rings and cole slaw and my wife had the kaboom shrimp tacos. Both meals we so large we took half home. The crab cakes had so much crab meat in them they barley could hold themselves together. Even the onion rings were cooked to perfection. Debbie spoke to us like she knew us forever. If you have a chance give it a chance. I promise you won't go anywhere else when you want a great seafood meal.
Food was good and waitress nice... Didn't really like the conch fritters, but the grilled mahi taco wad fresh and amazing flavor and the crab cake was good as well.
I was looking for a seafood place and decided to order here. Too bad they don't open late because I would possible dine here after work if they opened late. I ordered the tin fish dinner combo and it was good. I didn't really like the cole slaw nor the coleslaw (cheesy and tiny bit salty) for my taste at least. They forgot my fries as I left and I called them asking did it included with it and of course it did. So I went back and they had double my waffle frie size that was nice of them! Also thank goodness I live like maybe five minutes away. I'll visit again possibly on Sundays. It wasn't busy when I went in but it a nice family atmosphere with friendly staff and cash register.
Looking for seafood, look no further! And do not confuse this Tin Fish with any other locations! This one is simply perfect . Never had a bad meal there and they have HADDOCK! Usually very hard to find here in Florida and the way they cooked it is better than any I ever had even in NY !!!!!
Very nice folks, but that just couldn't overcome mediocre food, so-so ambiance and live entertainment that was too loud.  Located in a strip mall (typical Florida) Tin Fish just doesn't offer much as a restaurant.
Stopped here on my way back to Baltimore, so glad I did.  Apparently there was a recent change in management and so the previous complaints about the speed is a non issue.  Very clean inside, super friendly owner-manager couple.  Definitely worth the detour if you're traveling on I-95, or during spring training. Watch for the specials if the day, they feature fresh fish usually. I heard of the specials and that day I had the fried triggerfish because I always hear of them trying to bite divers.  So I ordered more out of karmic curiosity.  Fried everything I guess i quite common in Florida, but I wish I had it grilled because my friend's grilled seabass was seasoned and cooked beautifully.  The crab cakes were very good and I would highly recommend them.  I have high hopes for this local family run chain and hope they do well.
Worth a stop off the highway if you're in the area. Great food! Blackened mahi fish taco might have been the best fish taco I've ever had. Fries are good. My husband had the blackened mahi sandwich which was huge and very good. Very fresh as well.
Stopped in for the first time as I like local joints and read some decent reviews online about this place. The interior is nice, has a small chain feel, but was a little disjointed as there is a counter in the back with a large "Order Here" sign. When we walked in, they told us to sit anywhere we would like to, but when I noticed the sign, I stood up and began to walk there. The owner, when asked if I had to order at the counter, replied, "Have a seat and we will be with you". His response, though not rude, was a little condescending in it's tone, but it wasn't a deal breaker. Not my fault the flow through in the restaurant is confusing (had another customer come in and do the exact same thing). The food was okay, but the portions were huge. I mean, when the owner described the size of a taco, i ordered one extra for the table, just to be safe, and we had to take it home. Also, the chips and salsa, at $4.50 seemed high, but they were really unique and worth the money. All in all, I would come back.
Being from San Diego I was excited to hear about a San Diego fish taco restaurant in the neighborhood. The prices are a little higher than I remember while eating at these style of restaurants but I'm not in San Diego and don't mind paying a little extra for home. The burritos hit the spot and were delicious! The kids had tacos and were also pleased. On another trip I tried one of the fish dishes. I was quite disappointed and was wishing I had stuck to the tacos or burritos. The fish was greasy and lacking any unique flavoring which made the other dishes so tasty. Definitely give the restaurant a try but stick to the tacos and burritos and you'll find a new favorite restaurant.
We found this place because of Yelp as we were making our way to Orlando, we didn't want to eat at the turnpike stops. I have to say that I'm giving it the three stars because of the service - it was excellent. If I was only basing it on the food, the rating would be 1 star. We ordered two grilled mahi mahi - which unfortunately I could not eat all of it - very fishy taste. Which either means its not really mahi mahi or they've been frozen for a while. My sons had the dolphin fingers and the crab cakes - these were better - I guess since they had more seasoning and breading. All in all - friendly service but not quality food.
Just moved down here from Plymouth MA where I had the freshest seafood off the docks. Tin Fish has great fresh fish! My family and I have been here and have LOVED the meals I have gotten on the 3 times. Nice Flavors, simple but delicious. The musical entertainment is delightful too. The owners are super people. Service is terrific! This is my new go to dinner place for fish.
Fresh fish...awesome cole slaw. Large portions, you won't leave hungry
My family and I have been coming here for many years and the food is always great. We went there a few days ago and had a great meal. I had the crab cakes as an appetizer and the blackened Mahi-Mahi and it was delicious. It's a great place for seafood.
Nice, casual place with friendly staff. I got two of the specials - grouper cheeks as an appetizer and a lobster roll. The grouper cheeks were lightly fried and tasted good. My only disappointment was that they were supposed to come with remoulade, but came with tarter sauce. The lobster roll was not very big, but was packed with fresh, perfectly cooked lobster. The roll was lathered with butter and served with a lemon wedge. Just how I like my lobster rolls - no mayo. The fries and coleslaw were very good as well. An excellent meal!
Excellent food and service. Price was reasonable and the portions were big. Only 1 fish taco plate for me and I was more than full. I would definitely go back!
