I had dinner here on Wednesday night with my husband and three friends. Two of my friends are regulars and they have always said such great things about the food so we decided to check it out. The food was incredible! I personally had the Ravioli (wow! delicious) and the Pork Chop (delicious as well) The others really enjoyed their meals (snapper, lamb rack, steak) and the wine was wonderful Highly recommend!
Delicious EVERY time. I highly recommend this place for an amazing and classy meal. The menu changes regularly which is also nice. And it has a very romantic atmosphere.
The food here was good but a bit over seasoned with salt. They charge "supplement fee" for swapped items. We did not swap anything and was charged the "fee", so please carefully review your receipt (I deducted a star for that)! I had the lamb rack, and my wife had the duck and both were salty. Not sure if we would go back.
We used to live in Florida and became weekly regulars at The Chef's Table. We fell in love with it so much we even hosted our dress rehearsal dinner with them. The food- is absolutely amazing, from start to finish. We always get the tasting menu- and even end up adding courses. The bouillabaisse is absolutely amazing- the tomato/fish stock base is flavored so well and you can tell the flavors have just melded together to create a beautiful sauce. The fish is seared to perfection, served with mussels, clams and shrimp. Served with braised fennel, potatoes and other veggies- it is divine! Other favorite dishes include seared duck breast- which they normally serve with acorn squash or a veggie that accompanies the seasons. They try their best to locally source everything and really you can taste the flavor. There menu changes every other week and is (to me) Italian and French inspired with delicate touches that make the dishes complex, full of flavor, and keep you coming back for me. Not only is the food amazing, the service is impeccable.  Pierre and Katie are absolutely amazing, along with all the staff. They make sure your table is clean, water is refilled, happy with the food, and always go over and beyond to make you happy. They listen to your wants and likes in different wines and make customized recommendations to pair well with your dishes and your palate. Go there to relax. This is an experience not just a meal. You will get lost in time here as you experience a multiple course meal, paired with fine wine over a beautiful setting.
This was my first time here and really enjoyed it. Everything seemed to be farm to table. They have unique seasonal dishes. Two things I would do next time I came in... The salad had too much dressing which made it too rich. Taste was amazing but too rich for me. I added chicken to the salad thinking it would be grilled. When it came out it was both white and dark meat and it was fried. Not KFC fried but a good crispy fried with the skin which also raised the richness. Flavors were good. Service was good and would definitely go back
My mother and I went to eat here while we were visiting  Hutchinson island and it had good reviews.  The waitress was very attentive and sweet.  The restaurant had one other couple in there, which was strange for 8pm on a Thursday evening.  We found the menu very limited. There is no hard liquor, just wines and Bellini.  We both had the same chicken which was good not great.  The overall experience was just fine, nothing really special for  $26 chicken.
3.5 Really.  We probably need to give this place another try given the reviews from others, but I'm not all that motivated to go back.  Maybe just an off night. Only 3 tables occupied early on a Friday night, but service remained a bit disorganized and slow.  I am not a fan of prix fixe menus, but figured we are here, let's give it go.  Of the three choices we had for each course, there was one hit, one meh, and one I could live without.  First and second course offerings were in general a bit bland and under-seasoned for my taste.  We don't typically eat desert, and none of three we had would change our minds. Best part of meal was the wine - which we brought.
Based on the impeccable yelp reviews, this became a must stop on our recent visit to Stuart.  It did not disappoint!  It's kind of a small place, two rooms, each with four or five tables.  But it is tastefully decorated and you forget you're in a little building with a parking lot along SE Ocean Boulevard. For dinners, they only offer a prix fixe menu for $45.00.  But they have plenty to choose from with a starter, main course and dessert included.  I was very pleased with all my choices.  For the starter I had the Peachy Corn Salad, (or was it the Corny Peach Salad?)  Whatever it was, it was a revelation.  I never thought corn and peaches could be paired together in one dish, but I was wishing for a bottomless bowl, it was so good.  I really like those kind of discoveries.  It shows creativity, willingness to experiment and confidence that the customers will like their creation.  It reminds me of a watermelon, tomato and cucumber salad I had a while back.  Memorable. My main course was the Hanger Steak.  Slices of steak piled on top of tangerine braised carrots and kale.  Again, unexpected flavors joined together to tease the taste buds.  Even with the fruity/veggie flavors, the steak did not lose the unmistakable and satisfying flavor of grilled meat.  You start eating the steak and all other outside flavors quickly take a back seat and say to the steak, "This is your show". Everyone on the wait staff is proud to be working there.  They are very attentive and full of information on what you are about to eat.  With each course, one person serves and another person is telling you what is being served.  That is a grand touch.
I have been here a couple times for the Chef's tasting menu. We were asked if we had any food preferences so we said yes, we are fussy eaters (no land animals) and they said no problem. We were treated to five+ courses of the best creations, small plates and amazing flavors. Fresh seafood, fine cheeses, perfect house made pasta. Every dish had such great flavor pairings. Some of them created seemingly on the fly to cater to our brand of fussiness. Sometimes the plates were paired together and some dishes came out different so we could have even more tastes than the 5 courses promised. An extra plus when dining as a couple. Chef and staff really care about their craft and it all comes through in a fantastic fine dining experience. This place could exist in any culinary mecca and be a success. So, thank you Chef's Table for finding your way to Stuart.
Simply the Best!  We were in Florida visiting family and we went to the Chef's Table for our 30th wedding anniversary.  The restaurant is quaint with a pleasant and uncomplicated decor.  It's a small place, so getting a "romantic" table is not really possible, but they seated us in the side dining room at a corner table; which was fine.  We made reservations for the Chef's Tasting with wine pairing; which ended up being the perfect choice (and we don't even drink wine).  Since they knew it was our anniversary they started us out with a glass of champagne.  I thought that was a classy touch.  The meal started with an amuse bouche consisting of a roasted beet and goat cheese burger on a tiny sesame seed bun.  We thought that was really cool and it tasted great too.  As we have experienced a chef's tasting before at other establishments we were expecting five or six different courses; however what we got was twelve different courses and wine pairings, meaning each of my wife's six courses and wine pairings were totally different from mine.  How awesome is that!  That gave us an opportunity to experience a wide range of food preparations and wines.  I can't recall each individual dish, but I can say that we enjoyed them all, except for maybe the duck confit salad that didn't catch my fancy, but I think it was more the dressing than the duck.  Regardless, they were all good to exceptional -- and remember this was twelve different dishes!  I do recall the assorted fish crudo; which was beyond any fish I have ever eaten and I'm a huge sushi lover.  The wine pairings were perfect, at least for a couple amateur wine drinkers; and the service was outstanding!  I gave my wife a 30th anniversary ring about mid-meal and without me saying anything I noticed that the server made a slight adjustment (pause) to the service to allow us time to enjoy the moment.  Again, a classy and considerate touch.  The meal lasted about an hour and a half; which was perfect.  Since we ordered the Chef's Tasting the price was set and well worth it.  So whether you want a great meal or a place for that special occasion, this is the place to go in the Stuart, Palm City, Jensen Beach, and Port Saint Lucie areas.  I know we will be back on our next trip and I expect every trip thereafter.
Had the great pleasure of dining her last night with two friends. We were all in need of a first rate girls night out and we were not disappointed. Highlights included the lobster salad with an ethereal avocado mousse, with just the perfect balance of richness and acidity and the succulent pork chop with the most incredible fried green tomatoes I have ever eaten. The chef, who stopped at another table but not at ours, though there were only two tables seated in the restaurant, transported a commonly mundane southern classic into haute-cuisine. The desert highlight was the white chocolate cheese cake which was more mousse than cheesecake with a chocolaty crunchy crust that demanded to be finished. The cheese plate was thoughtfully selected, perfect in portion and incredible with the balsamic dressed berry compote and the dessert wine. The wine pairing selections were spot on and even the Chardonnay, of which I am not typically a fan, was buttery and very satisfying. Disappointments, which are happily hard to fine at this gem, were not fatal. The white asparagus with prosciutto begged for a gastric and a pinch of fleur de sel to add a bit more spark to the plate. The fish of the day was listed as fresh local grouper but when the plate arrived it was salmon. Now don't get me wrong, the salmon was marvelous but it is a far cry from grouper. They should have informed us of the change in advance rather than at the time of service. Many people do not care for salmon and the unannounced "switcheroo" could have marred a perfect evening. Dennis, the server who works lunches and dinner, is efficient, knowledgeable and unobtrusive. He satisfied our every request promptly and with graciousness while making you feel like an old friend he has been looking forward to seeing. The Chef's Table is among the finest restaurants on the Treasure Coast. Maple Street beware.
My first Yelp update, but it's worth the time to expand on my previous review.  This place is fantastic, and a complete departure from the norm in the Stuart area.  My last review focused on lunch; amazing plates of pasta, fantastic casual paninis, and so on.  This time we went for dinner; a completely different experience, but equally memorable. Like one or two others, we decided to get the 5 course tasting menu ($65/person, with $35/person for the wine pairings).  The courses were actually drawn from their dinner menu, with the chefs selecting the dishes they considered to be most fresh, and presented them in an order they considered most appropriate.  For all but one course they gave the two of us different items, to give us a chance to try more elements of the overall menu.  They change their menu weekly, so you aren't likely to get more than one shot to try something! Preceding the main courses was an amuse-bouche that played on potato skins, a crispy little bite of fingerling potato with a light sour cream and chive mixture on top.  Simple but delicious. The first course for me was an Italian crudo of hamachi, with 4 different presentations.  The best were those paired with cucumber and pistachio, but all were delicious.  My dining partner received a perfectly seared scallop in a grapefruit broth, with little microgreens floating throughout. The second courses were the salads.  Mine was a piece of buffalo mozzarella, topped with a sort of scotch egg (soft boiled, then fried in panko breadcrumbs), paired with arugula and fried pancetta.  Hers had warm goat cheese, endive, candied pecans and raisins.  Both were awesome. The third course was the same for both of us, with good reason.  It was the one menu item I was skeptical about, but I was proven very, very wrong.  Perfect homemade ravioli, filled with a semi-sweet beet and gorgonzola mixture, topped with a creamy poppy-seed sauce.  Possibly the highlight of the meal. The fourth courses were the "mains".  Hers was a perfectly cooked snapper (the skin was wonderfully crispy) in a classic french bouillabaisse broth, while mine was hangar steak with a beautifully reduced demi-glace, on a bed of spinach and roasted cauliflower.  Both great, but I'd call the steak the winner. The desserts were very different.  Mine was a no-bake cheesecake that melted in the mouth, while hers was a poached pear in a delightfully sweet sauce. Unlike the lunch offerings, which are more classically Italian, the dinner was a little more of a French-Italian hybrid, perhaps reflecting the combined background of the chefs -- learning in the French style, then studying their craft in Italy.  But they pull off the more complex style with ease.  Just fantastic stuff. A couple other places potentially compare (Ian's Tropical Grill, 11 Maple), but I don't think anyone else is doing quite what these guys are in terms of somelier service and chef-crafted tasting menus. Just go.  Right now.  You won't be disappointed.
I don't live in Stuart, Florida and needed to plan a very special 70th birthday celebration for my mother, all while I am living out of town.  I used Yelp and other reviews to choose The Chef's table and they were spot on.  This restaurant delivered everything to my expectation and even more.  They catered to a group of 22 picky customers and gave exceptional service and food.  The dinner was very memorable and all guests complimented me on my choice of restaurant and said I could not have chosen a better place. The restaurant has a very nice atmosphere - similar to a cozy winery.  They dedicated 3 servers to our 4 tables.  The event planner printed out customized menus and place cards for all guests.  The food was exactly what I was looking for - elegant and contemporary.  I had the braised porkbelly, duck, and wild blueberries - all very fresh and delicious.  We had one small incident where a waiter spilled some food on 2 of the guests by accident, but they were quick to react and tried to make the guests feel as comfortable as possible.  They were very patient with us while we made toasts/speeches and presented presents and read the birthday cards out loud.  This restaurant is definitely more sophisticated than I expected for Stuart and I highly recommend you try it out if you haven't been.  It is absolutely perfect to hold a special event, and you can rest assured they will take care of you and any of your guests needs.
We just happened to choose The Chef's Table, out of many choices in the area, on a recent trip to Florida and couldn't believe our good fortune!  The inside reminded me of Napa Valley, with its rustic, sunny décor, a bookshelf filled with wine and books and a professional meat slicer on the bar.   Although we were there for lunch, the waiter allowed us to order off the dinner menu.  I had softshell crab and gnocchi (the lightest I have ever tasted), my husband had the locally caught fish of the day, Golden Tile.  If this restaurant were in my area back home, I would be a weekly visitor!
I am so happy that we were able to find this little gem of a restaurant.  First of all, let me say that this was one of the best meals and service we have ever had.  We were so impressed with the quality of food and professionalism of the staff that we cannot wait to visit again. Here is the lowdown on what we enjoyed... We ordered the Chef's Five Course Tasting Menu for dinner and started with an amuse bouche (fancy for tiny food teaser) of a decadent Tuscan bruschetta that was creamy and crunchy.  It was then on to an appetizer of four pieces of raw fluke (aka Flounder) in light olive oil.  Each compartment on the fluke tray had a slice of fish and a topping such as smoked sea salt, Meyer lemon shavings, radish and dill and something else that was delish.   On to my favorite: the salads.  There were two decent sized salads that we were able to share. There was a roasted corn, peach, goat cheese and arugula salad and a rabbit salad.  Wow, they were both warm and comforting.  I especially enjoyed the peach and corn salad and wish I could recreate it.  Does the chef make house visits?! For the main courses we each shared baked chicken, potatoes, and crispy kale in a balsamic vinaigrette reduction (I hope that's right for I wasn't listening to our waiter because I was so distracted by the food) and a hangar steak with some type of whole grain side.  Unbelievably good.  So tasty and rich. For the finale, a chocolate custard with real whipped cream and some type of sugared nut crisps were sprinkled on top.  Pure heaven.   The restaurant is so unassuming.  It is nice and cozy and not overdecorated.  I think the food and service does the talking.  The staff is impeccable and made our experience so nice..thanks Pierre! If you go, we suggest trying the tasting menu.  If you are a foodie, you will love it.  We loved it and will be back for more!!!
A friend and I had the Chef's tasting menu last Saturday night, and it was just fantastic. First, the food: for every course, they brought us each something different so that we got to taste the maximum variety. Serendipitously, they hit it just right with what they gave each of us--we didn't have to switch once. And it was all wonderful--truly interesting flavors combined in really wonderful ways. There were so many things, it's hard to pick them out, but possibly my favorite was the pasta course with homemade pasta with mussels and tomatoes and a sauce to die for. The ribs were also fantastic--melt in your mouth, and the lamb chops were sooo tasty. As they presented each dish, the waitress explained what it was we were having and answered any questions we had. Which brings me to the staff: they were a delight. Very friendly and informative, ready to talk about the food and/or wine, but not at all intrusive. Atmosphere: I loved it and thought it just right for the space. It is small, but not at all crowded. Wine: I had the wine pairing to go with the tasting menu and it was truly an eye-opener. I'm no expert, but I found it fascinating what they chose to go with each dish, and all the wines were very good. I'm not a big fan of dessert wines, but the Argentinian one they gave me was so good I'd happily order it again. All in all a perfect evening.
Just had lunch here and sat outside in the beautiful sun. It was quiet and the staff was very attentive and polite. I had the wild boar panini. The bread was warm and flakey, the boar was juicy, and the herbs and cheese made this sandwich amazing! I will definitely eat here again!
I came for Lunch after hearing great reviews from friends about dinner. The panini was fantastic. I will definitely be back for dinner. I looked over the dinner menu and it looked great. It is a Prix Fixe Dinner Menu so it is a little pricey but I am sure it will be worth it.
We stopped in today for lunch.  We had the spaghetti and apple and pear salad with yummy goat cheese.  Chef makes pasta from scratch.  Perfect!  Will be back for more.
This is  2nd time I have eaten here because friends made the choice. Once again i think the lunch was ordinary . The artisan plate with salamis and cheese lacked imagination . Prosciutto was fine but the cheese choice was boring. My crab salad was presented beautifully but it was described by the waitress as having an light aioli sauce. Light was understatement . I am all for not masking the taste of crabmeat but the aioli did nothing and the avocado was practically non existent.. The crab  required salt, pepper, and lettuce was bland because the aioli didn't wash over it so    oil and vinegar was needed. Overall I was not impressed by the meal. All of us thought the food was under seasoned.  It is too  bad because  it could be so much better  with a few adjustments to their flavor profiles.
We just had a lovely lunch here for the first time. Wonderful food, delightful service. I had the steak salad & my fiance had the pork panini. Everything was perfect. Would definately be back!
Great food, very fresh, micro brew beers, excellent wine selection, prompt service, warm atmosphere.
Excellent dinner and experience. We will return when we are back in Stuart.
What a great surprise!  So much attention to the food, it is obvious these people love what they do and won't settle for less than perfection! The BEST lunch in Stuart!
I have been to Chef's table several times.   I have eaten fish, salads and exotic meat and cheese platters.  They use only fresh ingrediants.  Seriously good food.
