owned by an incredibly kind and personable family who make: the perfect lunch: zaatar sauce + falafel wrap & the perfect dinner: moussaka + sampler platter
Would you like some pita bread? The eggplant and lentil mujadara make this place an automatic 5-star. Falafel plate is executed perfectly. The HajNasr family treats everyone like they are part of their family. To give them anything less than 5-stars makes you an unappreciative family member, and you should be ashamed of yourself! I don't wanna hear about taking stars away for paper plates, or because the service is too friendly. The simplistic brilliance of their menu along with personable hosts, far outweigh ceramic plates delivered by script-reading robots in other establishments.
I went there a month ago but couldn't forget the taste it was really delicious and the service is awesome. I got yelp and want to share this.
Decent food, nice to hit up a downtown spot since I was brought up in a suburban area. Would not honor a coupon that was published, thought that was kind of annoying.
Oh no, i can see the 5th star. Its right there! Ahh, its just beyond the paper plates and plastic forks!! I need to get this out there now. The staff (especially the owner) was incredibly nice and accommodating. I felt like my family was serving me. The owner was very proud of his place, it makes me as a customer feel good about my choice to eat there. The Turkish style coffee was cute as hell but will knock you on your ass, very good. I ordered the appetizer sampler. Once it came out i spent a second staring at it. Something was wrong... I know, it was on a paper plate. That's where your fifth star went. Also, it came out with plastic forks!! Especially when i have to dip and hold the sliding plate at the same time. The fifth star was also diffused into the fact that we were given water bottles (no glasses or cups with it). I get cutting costs but that was a tad to much.   The food: All above average. Hell i would even say it is really good!. I got the Appetizer sampler (look at my pictures to see it), the Beef shawarma and also tried the cold spinach wrap. The shawarma was great. The spinach wrap was ok, very leafy, a tad boring but what did i expect. Go here. it is worth it.
Fantastic falafel served by such a friendly man.  Eli will not only serve you great Middle Eastern food, but he'll also provide an excessive amount of "thank you's," smiles, and handshakes that help make every experience more engaging. Take everything in stride, accept the hospitality, and bask in the Lebanese energy.
Hummus tastes fresh, falafels are great.
$4 for a small (but really not that small) falafel wrap? YES, PLEASE! The wrap was absolutely delicious- dripping with a zesty tzatziki sauce, lettuce, tomatoes and red onions. The $4 small hummus was pretty underwhelming- admittedly, I'm particular about my hummus... but this was kind of grainy and the flavor was just okay. They also only gave me 1/2 a pita to eat with it :( The customer service, as everyone has mentioned, is AMAZING. The prices are right on. I will definitely go back.
Eli is the epitome of hospitality. He serves up some amazing middle eastern food with a smile that can even brighten up the dreariest of Troy days.  I love love love the falafel and grape leaves, ahhh don't forget the babaganoush and the hummus which is a beirut classic. If its your first time here try out the sampler, you get a little of everything. mmmmm now i can't wait to go back! Also look for him at Troy street fairs and the farmers market!
Really enjoy this place! The food is as good as it gets and I feel really welcome and appreciated every time I go in. Really flavorful, low maintenance and inviting. Love the size options.
Is it possible for service to be TOO friendly? I've been to Beirut twice now and each time, was amazed at just how friendly the family that runs the place is. I felt like I was in some relative's living room with food being pushed on me. The food here is good. It's also extremely affordable. If I'm being completely honest, I think the food at Al Baraki in Albany is a teeny bit better, but you can't really eat in there. At Beirut you can actually have a sit down meal and  it's BYOB. How cool is that? Being able to bring in your own bottle of wine is fantastic. Beirut is run by a young man, his parents and his sister. When last there with my mother, I think we were asked no less than 10 times if we needed anything else and if we were enjoying our food. There were a few moments when it became almost comical, such as when we were approached by two separate family members just minutes apart while both of us had just taken big bites and were unprepared to answer how our food was. I hesistate to complain about overly friendly service. Obviously I would much, much, much prefer this to rude or indifferent service. And this isn't really a complaint, so much as it is an observation -- there were a few moments when the service seemed so eager to please that it was almost a little uncomfortable. But the emphasis is on that "almost." Here are a couple of things I would change in order to keep with their eager-to-please attitude: Serve the tea in real mugs and not small styrofoam cups. Real glasses with ice for the water would also be preferable. Maybe I'm being anal, but there's just something too incongruous about being served food on real plates and drinks in paper cups. I have to agree with Nick P., it is a little disorganized at times. But you feel kind of bad about even noticing it. If you're the type of person who's a very private eater and wants to be more or less left alone, Beirut may not be for you. But if you love garlic, shwarma, grape leaves and other Middle Eastern dishes, and you enjoy getting to know who's feeding you, then Beirut may be up your alley. The
I think this is more a 3.5, I'm having a really hard time grading this place. Like everybody said in the previous posts, the food is really good. I ordered a shesh kebob and maybe it was me but the meat was a little too dry for me, and I'm not a fan of yogurt sauce it doesn't sit well for some reason. The spice that they put on it was perfect, the owner said he wouldn't go crazy but just enough, and he did. I appreciate that he can pretty much tell by looking at you how much you REALLY want. Thats a plus. My boyfriend ordered Beef Shawarma, I enjoyed the flavoring of his meat better. The hummus, rice, and salad was delicious. as well. Although the salad was a little weird, It was hard to get the pieces in my mouth, but it was delicious. We also ordered dessert to go and got the two different kinds of Baklawa they had to offer. My boyfriend favored the shredded one, and I preferred the standard type, but they were both delicious, and probably the main reason I'd come back. The hippy in me had to take a star away because I was served a plastic water bottle, and paper plates, and plastic forks. I don't use these things at my house, I really only use them as a last resort, I think that as a restaurant you should be more counties of the environment, I shutter to think how much waste is produced from this restaurant as a result of the paper/plastic. The service was quick, efficient, and super friendly. Fun fact you can bring in your own wine. I also took .5 away because even though I found their coupon in an entertainment book they said they no longer accept them, I understand that they probably can't afford to take them, but it's slightly disappointing coming to a place in hopes of using it to find out you can't. I felt like I just walked out of a friends house when I left, so friendly, great food, and plastic utensils. I think everyone in troy should go there, and maybe everyone should suggest real plates.
Beirut came highly recommended by a few friends. I can see why they like the place, but I'm not sure there's enough awesome to totally outweigh the not-so-awesome. The restaurant is a relatively small place on River St. with street parking. There is an air conditioner above the front door, but it was not in use when we were there on a fairly hot day. We decided to sit outdoors instead of being too warm inside. We were sitting in front of an apartment building's front door, so we were greeted by the people leaving. We were close enough to the street that someone getting into her car had to ask another dude to move his chair so she could get her door open. Slightly awkward. The owner as super friendly. After your first visit, you're family, he said. There was a clear understanding that making people wanted and appreciated is important. More restaurants should make people feel that way. This would be a 2ish star place without the exceptionally friendly service. I asked for water and was given bottled water. I don't remember whether we were charged for the bottles of water. We ordered what amounted to be a sampler plate for two ($16) plus a large order of garlic fries ($7). The sampler plate came out quickly and included tabouli, falafel (4), baba ganush, hummus, dolma, and a couple small vegetables with nuts on them. A basket of pita wedges came with it. I'm not sure anything was absolutely outstanding but I also didn't dislike any of the items. A not-so-large basket of fries arrived once we were done. The timing was not ideal. Something about the fryer being small so it takes a while. In addition, ketchup was not available. The garlic paste was good, but it was a little intense and dry without ketchup or some other sauce. The fries themselves were fairly standard fries you'd get at a diner or whatever. Nothing special. Not sure they're worth $7. In fact, I'm sure they're not worth $7. There's a $4 small size, but I can't imagine how few you'd get for that. For dessert, I got baklawa ($3ish). There were 2 pieces, each good enough for a small dessert for one person. It was pleasantly not super sweet as it was not drenched in syrup, but that also made it a little dry. All of the service items were paper, styrofoam, or plastic aside from the baskets the pita and fries were served in. It felt very not upscale with prices that would imply upscale. This place could be a lot better if the food came out all at once and non-disposable service items are used. I'd be more comfortable paying the menu prices if it felt more like a serious restaurant rather than a family gathering. I might go back to get a falafel or try shawarma to go at some point, but I'd probably swing by a fast food place on the way home to get more fries for less money and in less time.
Unique, friendly, family owned. Very quick and inexpensive.   Small, but it seemed very authentic and a "taste" of another part of the world for us.
As previously mentioned in others' reviews, the staff is super friendly. It's family owned so they try extra hard to sell you on the home cooking/"treat this like your home" setup they've got going. Some may take this as intrusive but I welcome this friendliness as it is unfortunately a rare occurrence in New York. Think of this place as going to your friend's house and he still lives with his parents who are constantly cooking and offering you delicious meals. I never had a Lebanese friend growing up but if I did, I'd imagine this is what their parents' cooking would taste like. And what about the food? Well, speaking of rare, I rarely like stuffed grape leaves, but I loved them here. I've also never really liked baklava but I loved it here. The hummus was amazing. The falafel wasn't too greasy like some others I've tasted in the area. Yes, they use paper plates and styrofoam cups - so what? It honestly didn't affect my meal. Sure, it'd be great if this "cheapness" was reflected in the bill (sampler for 2 + garlic fries + baklava = $30) but the food, staff and hours (which they are willing to bend for anyone) are worth it.
3.5 stars Beirut is where a different Lebanese place was and I think it has changed ownership. The family that own it are wonderfully nice and pleasant to talk with. They seem like very hard working people who offer delicious food. Their baba ghannouj was smokey and delicious. I had a chicken shawarma wrap, and my friends got the falafel. Both were excellent. Im taking one star away because it was a little disorganized. All of our meals came out at different times. I was given some free stuffed grape leaves that did make up for it.  But we all did kind of wait around watching other people eat. To be fair, at the time we went the whole place filed up at once and they called in some re-enforcements. Talking with the owner is a little tricky since English is his 3rd language and he is translating from French. He is an architect and could not fund work in America. He is also a skilled painter and his images are on the walls. I am taking a half star off for using all paper plates and plastic forks. Plastic and paper do not match the integrity of the food here. They are keeping a 4 star rating because they have something that is so special that when the secret gets out they never be able to keep up.  It's some kind of garlic dipping sauce. It is smooth, creamy and perfectly sublime in richness and flavor. It's mind numbingly good, and stayed with me all day. Get it, you will love it.
Beirut has changed owners recently and rebranded from "Albaraki", which has another restaurant in Albany, I believe. Its family owned and run, and its wonderful to hear the owner's stories of Lebanon. They have a standard Lebanese menu. I'm vegetarian, and their falafel, hummus, and grape leaves are excellent. My friends who have gone and had the chicken and beef dishes also report that it is very good. They have a small lunch buffet during lunch hours that offers a half dozen or so dishes in an all-you-can-eat fashion, and some of the soups and other non-menu dishes they offer during this time are great. The food is rather cheap, especially for the quality and volume you receive. The decor and atmosphere is low-key and casual. The one thing that prevents me from bringing my friends in more often is the paper dining-ware. Styrofoam plates and plastic forks really shouldn't be used, though its understandable with only 2 people usually working. I'd like to see them expand and add more employees, better tables and chairs, and actual dishware in the future. I still very much enjoy their food and often make the trip down the hill from RPI to grab lunch.
Service with a smile? Special requests? Belly Dancers and the waifing smells of a hooka filled with Lebanese Re....ok no belly dancers or "smoke,"  but a nice down to earth family that tries really really hard to please you. Falafel's, Batata with Garlic Sauce, Excellent Lebanese coffee to wash down some sticky baklava.....damn cheap, damn good and damn filling.
Tried this place based on the good reviews and also walking distance from my school. The owner is extremely friendly. So friendly it's almost awkward. The food is good enough.
I've been coming here for a while.  The food is wonderful.  The service is great because it is the owner waiting on you and he wants to please.  Yes, he is overly friendly but it is from the heart.  He is keeping it real in the hood.  I love the BYOB.  I always get the mezza platter and the falafel wrap.  Just great stuff.  You can't beat the prices.  You can't find any place anywhere where two adults can go out for dinner for under $20. They close at 8pm and that means you need to leave at 8 so plan accordingly.  Yes it is a dive but delicious food and you will have a new Lebanese friend by the time you finish your meal.  How can you not like that!
Wonderful! I have to echo a lot of what everyone else says: the food is incredible, and service *is* unusually friendly, but I wish they would get rid of the paper plates/cutlery! Beirut is in a tiny shop on River Street, and this family-run place has done its best trying to pretty the place up with artwork by the owner, but it's definitely a casual meal out as far as atmosphere goes. Everything is excellent -    * falafel  * tabbouleh  * garlic sauce  * grape leaves  * hummus  * I was especially fond of the eggplant moussaka and moujadara (lentils) for main dishes.  * Zaatar and spinach was good - but not quite as good as the above two. It's all fresh, flavourful and it feels healthy to me - there's not much oil or grease used in preparation. I liked the desserts very much. I think my favourite is not on the menu - it was a delicious date cookie. It was chewy and just sweet enough from the rich date flavour. Onto the nitpicks - yes, it would be so much better with Real plates and real knives and forks. Also, a selection of drinks that was not just from the fridge. And get rid of the Liptons tea bag in a styrofoam cup... it's just not cool. But overall the place is a delight and an incredibly good deal for some wonderful food :-)
I love everything about this restaurant. Every time I walk in Beirut, I am treated like family with a super-warm greeting and even warmer service. The food is genuine, delicious, and you will not leave hungry. If you have never tried Lebanese, they will be happy to help you find what will like. They will also make you anything you want, as long as it is reasonable.
Please do mot go here. This place was a big fail. They serve you food on paper plates and plastic utensils. The chicken is the Purdue chicken tenderloins from Walmart. Came out very dry. We were the only customers, should have been a sign. 15$ meal, not worth it.
Food is very good, but what really makes this place is proprietor.  You have to know going in that it's a hole in the wall with disposable flatware and dishes, and that if they are busy, you may have to wait a few extra minutes.  But taken in-stride, you can't help but enjoy yourself here.  Every customer is treated like part of the family.
A nice visit and good food. Enjoyed the pita, which the owner said is from a Lebanese bakery in Montreal. The moujahadara is tasty and the falafel is crisp on the outside, warm and soft on the inside. The tahini sauce had a nice flavor. We enjoyed the brief conversations with the owner, he is friendly but not overbearing. There was steady eat-in and take-out business while we were there. Overall, a good, casual, low-key meal. Lazeez! (Delicious!)
Great food. Comfortable atmosphere. Highly recommended. Try the homemade deserts!
Incredible secret find in the Historic District! Stroll down River Street and find yourself immersed in Lebanese culture the minute you step inside this restaurant. The service of this small family-owned restaurant is far superior to any fine dining experience I've ever had. Conversations about the homeland, objective discussions on world politics and an introduction to cuisine from the other side of the world. Mediterranean food and a regular dose of it is known to be the diet of the healthiest people on earth. Heart healthy and brain smart this restaurant is. I recommend it to my closest friends and family and I especially recommend it to you!
I have only had the plate for 2 on 3 different occasions. You might look at it and think it looks kind of small, but there is enough packed into it that actually it is enough for a good lunch. It includes baba ganouj, hummus, stuffed grape leaves with garlic spread on top, falafel w/ tahini, marinated/pickled eggplant, tabouli/salad and lebanese pita, and every time it has been super delicious. In fact, although we are very hesitant to dine out anywhere in the Capital Region due to a wide range of bad experiences, we feel like we want to make the effort to come here more often. I have been to many middle-eastern restaurants and my family is from Israel, but I will say that Beirut makes excellent versions of the foods I am familiar with. I believe that anything you could have here would be great: it is a family owned and operated cafe/restaurant. No shortage of warmth and hospitality at all.
The owner's father greeted me before I even walked into the restaurant and was very friendly.  I love falafel (more along the lines of an addiction) and was excited to see so many good reviews for this place.  While the falafel itself was delicious, how many stars do I give for just falafel?  The rest of the meal was barely mediocre :-( I ordered the falafel wrap and french fries with their "famous" garlic sauce.  I was first disappointed that they didn't have tzaziki, I have never been to a place that didn't offer it with their falafel.  I got it with just the tahini, which was pretty tasty, though.  I was first brought out my wrap and was told, the fries would be a while as "it is homemade".  I was perfectly ok with that as I was looking forward to what I thought would be real potatoes, cut up and fried or baked topped with a tasty garlic sauce. When I bit into my wrap, the first thing I tasted was not the yummy falafel, but the stale pita bread :-(  As I was eating, the father came in with a huge box, put it on the table across from mine, and said, "fresh bread!"  Bummer, guess I just missed out on the fresh stuff....Like I said before, the falafel itself was amazing, the perfect texture and not too salty like a lot of places make it.  The tahini was delicious as well, but unfortunately, those flavors were overpowered by the stale bread... Finally my fries arrived as I was nearing the end of my wrap (and I'm an incredibly slow eater); I was so excited until he placed the paper bowl down on the table, I looked inside and saw: frozen french fries topped with a small blob of white garlic sauce.  My face went straight from :-D to :-(  Seriously, frozen french fries??  For $4 and about a 30 minute wait?  Granted, the garlic sauce was good, but not good enough to ignore the fact that it was covering frozen french fries....I guess that's what I get for ordering french fries at a middle eastern restaurant... On top of it all, there were flies buzzing around my head and the food throughout my entire meal, not really what you want to see. If I went back, I'd probably order a falafel dinner in hopes that the sides it came with were as good as the falafel itself.
The owner is very friendly and eating here you will feel like part of the family. It is very relaxed here as far as restaurants go. Paper plates and bottles of water. I'm not a huge fan of this type of food but I went with a group of friends who all raved about it so don't take my word too seriously. The garlic fries are very good and worth the wait. The falafel wasn't bad but I didn't especially care for the hummus. The baklava looks a little plain but was one of the best I've had.
Tried this place on a weekday evening, as others have mentioned, the owners are very friendly. The restaurant quite small, but the food is very good, I tried the baba ghanoush, and the shawarma platter, the salad has a good lemony taste to it, overall a pretty good place and definitely worth visiting, I would be repeating to try other dishes. The dessert selection is allright, but the bakalava was a little dry for my taste.
It's cheap, the food is pretty good, and the service is amazing. The family that runs it treats you like a friend, and will constantly bring out new food for you to try, for free. My favorite lunch place in Troy.
Absolutely fantasic. Try the garlic sauce and don't forget dessert! I've been eating here since March and the place keeps getting better. Their vegetarian dishes (falafel and homemade hummus, among others) are impressive as are the meat dishes, especially the Chicken/Beef Shawarma. They no longer have the lunch buffet described in another review; it was replaced earlier in the year by the 'Plat du Jour', a daily specialty they prepare and serve throughout the day at a very reasonable price (I believe it is about $6). They do not serve alcohol, however, you are welcome to bring your own and enjoy it there. I did this with a bottle of wine one night and it was ideal because not only did I get to enjoy my own handpicked selection of wine, but I was able to save a lot of money by not having to buy wine for restaurant prices. The prices are great. For the amount of food you're served, they really should be charging more. The menu is also very accessible. They have lunch and dinner versions of almost everything on the menu, and in addition to this, there are also size options for ordering to ensure you always get exactly what you're looking for. (They also do catering!) The restaurant is owned and operated by the Haj-Nasr family: Elias and Hala, and their (grown-up) children George and Hanine. Possibly the best thing about this place is the family atmosphere and the way they make you feel so welcome when you are there. When you go back, they remember you. Yes, it would be nice to see some real plates and silverware soon, but I have been very content here so far and I'll keep going back even if they don't make any changes whatsoever.
Beirut is home to the greatest falafel ever made.  Eli is my personal buddy.
A hole in the wall Lebanese place- the baba ghannouj, shawarma, and falafel are outstanding.  The owner and his father work the store and both are ridiculously nice.  It's also super affordable.  This is really some of the better shawarma I've had anywhere, even compared to Israel.
Very homie !!!!! Delicious :)
Beirut Restaurant used to be Al-Baraki and since reopening, they have kept the same great food and made significant improvements which gives them 5 stars in my book. This is a family run business, extremely friendly and proud of what they do. The food is amazing, ask if the Hummus was made fresh and if so, get it! As for the paper plates, I pointed it out to the owner and he said they are getting some real china and silverware, I'll report back next time we eat there.
Great food and service!
The owner is really friendly, however, the food I ordered is below my expectation, the beef is so dry.
YES it is possible to be too friendly!  I have been here before, & found it to be the same bland food (to be fair, I have not tried the whole menu), intrusive service, and terrible setups (plastic/styrofoam/paper plates, for reals?) i only went here again b/c Marmora was closed. What I had hoped would be a nice quiet dinner with friends i haven't seen in ages ended up being asked a million off-the-wall questions, and schooled about Lebanon & other topics by the young guy. the whole experience felt like a hard sell.  i couldn't get out of there fast enough, & I won't go back. I judge a place by its babaghanouj, & this one was lackluster & looked truly unappetizing.  the word "gelatinous" sums it up. Cafe Marmora makes fresher, way more delicious food, served with real plates & silver, glassware... and bonus they let you enjoy the company of the friend you dine with, not interrupting you every 5 minutes.
Good food for a good price. VERY friendly people and I go there about once a week.
Wonderful food, big portions, excellent seasoning, fast service.  Best falafel around.  Very friendly and welcoming place.
I agree with others about the very friendly proprietors.  Really made our visit special.  Food was first rate, too.  If I lived closer, I'd be there every week.
One of the very best resturants in downtown troy! The staff welcomes you like old friends, even if you've never been there. Its very clean and the food is just delicious. To top it off, its soo cheap! I fill up on $7! Everyone should come here once!
I should've written my review way back when I visited Beirut back in September last year.  I just found my notes and am actually pretty embarrassed that I didn't write it sooner.  This little hole-in-the-wall, is a family run establishment.  It is TRULY a hole-in-the-wall, where service is as honey dripping sweet as their home made baklava.  Everything is made fresh, everyday, portions are healthy and you feel very welcome and at home!  We ordered almost everything on the menu, and still couldn't get enough!  The owner spent quite time talking with us about his family history (I kept asking!), his ties back to MA and a very well recognized jeweler he is related to, the art work and his children.  Extremely friendly folks, who put their heart and soul into their meals.  They serve a garlic excessive yogurt sauce that would make cardboard edible and keep dracula away for a week, and man, we couldn't get enough of it - we dipped FRIES in it!  Their lentils are fantastic, as were the falafel, lamb, salad, rice and other items on our table.  We literally sampled almost EVERYTHING on the menu, for a fraction of any of our normal meals.  It is a no frills "cafeteria-style" place, plastic utensils and paper plates people! where the food is awesome, flavorful, inexpensive and service is warm and friendly!  So why is it a 5 star in my book?  Because you can't beat the value and the soulfulness of simple food really well made, exceptionally well made, that has the character and the passion of the people that cook for you and take your business to heart.  Yes, even I can find 5 star dining in a hole in the wall.  And I'm glad I did - this is GREAT Lebanese food, served and prepared by some really down to earth people!
my dad eats here every day. i think he's addicted. amazing service, great hummus. very good!
I love this place!  Service is friendly and attentive and they have a wide variety of menu options.  Its often hard to settle on one item alone.  I also have to say that they serve the BEST hummus I've EVER had!  I have tried hummus over and over again but never like it.  This time I was shocked and pleased to find that Beirut has perhaps the best hummus you'll find out there!  Very small establishment and casual atmosphere.  A great place to go if you're looking for something new or if you want something affordable and casual.  If you go, be sure to try both the hummus and falafel.  Both are top notch!  A pleasure and I WILL be back...again and again!
