I absolutely LOVE the steak/cheese sandwich! I should have gone there when I moved @ 34957 3 years ago! It was a new find for me!!!
Been here many times and always have great service. The food has always been great but unfortunately tonight my appetizer looked like the cool opened a freezer ziploc, nuked it for a few min and put it on a plate. Now I know to stick with the prime rib.
Flannigans here in Stuart is amazing. Stayed at the Quality Inn attached to it (which is equally as amazing) and got a 10% discount at the restaurant. Ribs are absolutely the best. And the bartenders strong island iced tea is simply amazing. Highly recommend.
Great customer service and great food.  A shout out to "Risa" our waitress,  she was great. And to "Hugh" the manager there, we will be back to use our Gold coins.
One of the top 3 burgers I've had. No skimping, cooked to perfection; Texas burger had house specialty battered onions and secret sauce with blue cheese (no bacon for me)...  5 stars on the "YUM" scale.
This review is only for the grilled salmon which is the best in the area having tried about 4 other restaurants. Service has always been prompt and good, Prices are low to medium comparatively to Shrimpers and Flash Beach in Hobe Sound. Don't know about anything else here.
Don't waste your money. Decent bar. Everything else is average or less. What pissed me off was on St Patrick's day I ordered the corned beef and cabbage. If was so dry I had to wash it down with beer. It must have been pre-sliced andnunder a heat lamp. Or presliced and nukes. He can you be Irish and screw that up. And it was a small portion at high price. Haven't been back. Best part of this restaurant is their fish tank.
For an Irish spot in a beach island area the scenery was more beach than Irish, the food was Ok fresh seafood, mostly friend so hard to mess up. Forgot what we had their was nothing signature that I can write much about but it was not bad food
I really like this restaurant!  On our last visit, my kid had a pasta dish, my wife had a salmon dish, and I had the ribs.  All three meals were really good.  Their ribs are amazing, actually the best ribs I have eaten in a restaurant. I see alot of references to this place being a bar.  We usually eat a little earlier than most (about 5-6pm) so I don't know what the place is like later in the evenings, but its just a really good family restaurant for lunch and dinner.   Overall, the place was clean, our server Jessica did a good job, and we had another good experience..
Incredible burger great ribs try it, you'll love it
Blackened tuna sub (hoagie) is awesome!  Great menu with lots of items!  The atmosphere is fun too.  Stopped here a lot when we lived here and stop in each time we visit now.  Great place!
One of the best restaurants in Stuart! My wife and I love coming here! The staff is always extremely friendly and accomodating. The blackened tilapia sandwich is my personal favorite - moist, juicy and all around awesome. I have yet to have a meal there that I do not like. The atmosphere is so inviting, it's fun to just look at all the pictures on the wall. I highly recommend this place to anyone!
I think you have to review a place based on what it is and not what it isn't. Flanigans  seafood grill and bar wants to be those things... but it's really just a bar with really good "bar food" Their stickers are buffalo style chicken fingers and they'rw done well. The tuna hoagie is inventive and good. If you arw in need of some greasy bar food this is a wonderful place. If you're looking for a nice seafood restaurant... Go elsewhere.
It took me a long time to understand that most people don't go to Flanigans to eat. For some reason all I heard about Flannigans was - Tim, you need to try the ribs, you need to try the desert, you need to try the rolls, they are out of this world. Well, I don't know what world the rolls are from but I sure don't want them in mine, every time I ate anything at the place I ended up with stomach issues. I actually don't know why, food doesn't look too bad when served, may be it's the oil, or something in the water, I honestly don't know. What I do know now is that most folks go to Flannigans to drink, I think pretty much everything at the bar could be had for half the price at all times of the day, there is always a promotion of sorts and happy hour lasts for most of the day. It is not a bad place, it has a great atmosphere and is almost always packed with people, the memorabilia on walls is obviously ersatz but interesting, the xmass lights are lit year-round, the wait staff is very friendly and helpful; as long as you don't have expectations about the food you will do all right.
I am not sure why this place is categorized as being "fish and chips" which hearkens images of an Irish pub or Fish and Chips stand in the UK.  The Flannigan's chain is NOT that.  instead it is a Florida style sports bar that serves equally good chicken wings and ribs as it does fresh seafood. When we lived in Miami my hubs and I used to frequent this chain ALL the time for their great drink specials and tasty food.  On a recent trip to Staurt we discovered that their northernmost restaurant was located right next to our hotel!  We really missed their dolphin fingers, wings, mahi sandwich, and ribs! Today on our way back to Orlando from Miami...we decided to go out of our way and eat here and shared the Joe's Meal deal full rack of ribs for 19.99$ which was a full rack of ribs, choice of side, ceasar salad, 3 dinner garlic rolls, and a free drink!  The ribs were great, but unfortunately the rolls were cold.  They also ran out of our favorite dolphin fingers.  We would probably go out of our way to try this Flanigan's again, as the service was nice, and they serve our favorites which we miss dearly from our home town in Miami.
Its bad thats all a bunch of odd locals hang there , I assume some of the people here doing reviews are hard up for a place to go REALLY ! Drinks are ok , food is ok at best , its a bar for a HJ I mean really so in a town full of rednecks and old people if you like it here you need to go out and see the world REALLY . Its old dirty and greasy , I mean Folks its used to have a Howard Johnsons in back of it I think they pulled out , when HJ pulls out you have to ask yourself what kind of place and town is this ?
My husband & I were driving around in the area so I pulled up yelp to try to find a great restaurant to eat at.. It showed Flanigan's! I love this restaurant. I grew up in pompano beach going to this place..My dad went when he was younger. This was my 1 st time going to this location but it hit all my exceptions like always. Food is always on point along with the folks who work there. Some of my fav at Flanigan's are their garlic rolls, Raspberry sweet tea, the grilled chicken is never dry and always filled with so much favor. I can go on and on about this place! I love the fact  that after a long day out on the boat we can come here for a nice relaxing dinner.
I thought this place was a bit overpriced and expensive for what it was.  I did order the mahi-mahi sliders and they tasted great...I got a Pina Colada and it could have been much better---it basically tasted like coconut water on ice.    The fries where battered and seasoned.  Not bad...Very crowded and very busy---service was okay but not memorable.
Food was good and service was fine. I think for the typical "bar food" this place was par and it seemed like they had some good signature dishes on the menu, none that we tried.
Okay! Flannigans has THE best ribs. Being from Miami, I used to frequent the Flannigans in the Grove (the original)  - the best one! But living in Stuart now, I am just happy to have a Flannigans near me. Their BBQ sauce and baby back ribs are the best! THE BEST! They fall right off the bone (my fave!) - you can't go to Flannigans though and not have their loaded nachos. Whenever I go with somone who has never been to Flannigans, I insist on the Loaded Nachos, "not the condition of the cook" - I've yet to have a complaint. They also have a great X-Rated Margarita and good Pomegranite Margarita. As long as their is a Flannigans near, I will never grave good ribs!
Everyone can find something they like at Flanigan's.  They have great daily specials and are currently running all night happy hour.  9pm till close.  Can't beat that!
A trip to Florida is never complete for me without stopping in at Flanigan's. I've ate here since I was kid, and have always loved it! Great food, great drinks, and very friendly service. I love the decor too! Pics of fisherman and thier catches all over the walls. Very fun place!!
