Love the variety of beers on tap. Constantly bringing in new selections. Also, if you're a wine drinker amazing variety of great wines at reasonable prices to purchase. The Woodwork is the best Cabernet Sauvignon I've ever had. Cozy atmosphere with fun and friendly staff!
I am attempting to retrieve my dog from the co-owner (manager of Vine & Barley Palm City) who is advertising her on facebook. She has a home, she is registered by micro-chip in my name also and I desperately want her back if he is unable to care for her. If you take this dog please know that I am pursuing her LEGALLY and will do everything I can to have her back home with me! PLEASE PLEASE SHARE MAYBE HE WILL COME TO HIS SENSES AND RETURN MY DOG
Love this place! Selection of wine and beer is always changing with new things to try. I love coming here with friends or family for a different but chill night out. Sometimes there are poker games going on, but usually it's a good crowd just socializing. The staff is usually friendly and the atmosphere is  welcoming. Such a cool place in Palm City!
My mother-in-law lives right down the street and loves going to the Vine and Barley. A few weeks ago, she couldn't wait to take us here! Please note that I visited here on a Sunday night after having run in a race that morning and needed to drive an hour home that night (so I couldn't drink much), so my review is probably skewed and I will need to go back to have the right experience with the right mind-set. We showed up and were the only ones except another couple. My MIL already had a wine card, so we simply added a little more money too it. We both love sweet white wines and tried 'tastes' of several. I would have liked to enjoy a full glass of my favorite, but didn't want to drink too much. We ordered the pulled pork sliders and chicken quesadilla to snack on. Both were nothing crazy special, but they did the trick! They also had a pretty wide variety of beer that I'm sure my husband would've liked to try more, but we'll have to wait for a night when neither of us is driving :)
Excellent service,  crowd, and atmosphere.  If you enjoy a large selection of craft beers, and a large selection of wines, this is the place.  The best part is serving yourself wines from all over the globe.
Best craft beer selection and knowledgeable staff in Martin county!  Try the meat and cheese plate.  For an after dinner desert or late night indulgence the molten chi calorie cake can't be beat.  Everyone is extremely friendly so feel free to engage the staff and really enjoy yourself.  If you are a wine person, they have a prepaid card dispensing system or you can purchase by the bottle.  Outstanding for groups and parties as well.
This is NOT a Restaurant! In response to Angelica's $hitty review, this isn't a damn restaurant! It's Craft Beer Heaven! How was the beer Angelica? How was the decor? How was the wine? Some of the best diners I've been to have crappy service. Le Tub in Broward County has horrible service but the burgers which have been mentioned in GQ and Oprah are 5 stars. I had great service when I was there and I'm rating this establishment on its BEER. As for me, I have almost 550 different beers under my belt from World of Beer. With that said, this place is pumping out some quality beers in proper glasses.  I like the cozy feel of the decor and the owner, Mark was quick to answer any questions I had about the beers they were serving. I will be there tomorrow (12/30/12) and if I get bad service or if the Beer sucks I will update my review accordingly. I really LOVE this place and here is why: 1. Unlike World of Beer, its not corporate. Small business with a local owner. 2. The owner Mark, this dude brews beer and knows what he is talking about. 3. The vibe, laid back beer parlor that also serves wine lol. 4. Clean, the place is spotless and you can taste that the beer lines are cleaned regularly. If you are looking for just a sliver of beer heaven you must come here for a drink. Lastly, the residents in Palm City are lucky to have a Beer Parlor like this in your community. Remember to tell Mark that Dan sent you and Stay Hungry!
This place has the best beer and wine selection in Palm City.  The owner was incredibly friendly and spoke to us for quite a while as we tasted brews until we decided on the one we wanted to order.  This is not really a restaurant, so don't go there expecting to eat a full meal there.  It is a bar, but an exceptionally good bar.  Do not pay attention to the negative review.  I highly recommend this place.
Nice staff.
Great place to relax with a group of friends and try many wines  / beers.  Enjoyed our visit.
Excellent beer and wine choices with family style service in an upscale setting.  Simple concept.  Unique for the area.  Love to come here and enjoy the atmosphere and quality products.
This establishment should be called hops & barley. The staff has absolutely no knowledge of wine.  Not impressed with the "vine" end of this place, they should take some courses and the owner should purchase proper wine glasses for each wine. If you are heading this way to enjoy wine DON'T -----
the amazing staff at Vine and Barley make every single customer feel like they just walked into a good friends house. they have tons of wines to choose from and the concept behind getting served the wine is fantastic. you load money onto an in house credit card and use that card at any of well over 2 dozen winebottles on "tap" and after inserting the card at the wine youd like, you put an empty glass underneath and select from three sizes of wine from taste to full cup, and then enjoy. theres a killer big screen TV and an even more killer selection of beers from all over the place. the employees all know their stuff. ask them anything about any wine or beer in the place and theyve got the entire story. plus some snacks that youd expect from any local bar and the option to go home with more of your fav selections from your visit. theyve got some cool events like poker night and tasting nights to get you started too. and its in a great location right off the main road in Palm City.
