This was best cheesecakes every had. Thuper fantastic. So i going with this friend I met in the High School and we said "I feel eating Cheesescake". We said Challo. Blown Away and Mind BLAST. Crust was fresh, chocolate was very good. My friend from high school said he was happy. I was happy too. Namaste #FuckDisCheescakeFactory _aRp$
Hi, God? It's me Kendal Ann. Is this Heaven? This cheesecake is literally earth shattering. I am a cheesecake connoisseur and of all the cheesecakes I've eaten in my life--the best (besides mine) comes from Cheesecake Machismo.   These cheesecake is an actually slice of heaven. After my friends raving about this place for three months, last weekend I FINALLY had my chance to give this cake a taste. My words cannot describe how immaculate and fresh each piece tasted. With 12 separate flavors, I luckily tasted three: S'more, Tiger Strip and Chocolate Chip Cookie. If you are on the fence about which one to get, get all three. Your taste buds can thank me later.
I wish I had noted down which flavors I tried so I could note them here but I can say, best cheesecake in town!
This place is heavenly but the hours are awful. Wish their hours were later for an after-dinner treat especially on Fridays and Saturdays. With that said, the product is very. very good! Super creamy cheesecake in the most creative flavors. Definitely worth a shot!
I think this is indeed the best cheesecake I've ever had. Thanks to our daughter and her boyfriend, who took us to this place. Holy cow, if I were within 20 miles of this place I'd probably make a detour. An ample slice is $5, which can include a cup of coffee or tea. Full pies are available of course.
Delicious adventures flavors. If your in Albany you must taste some tiger cheesecake!
Why would you eat dessert anywhere else? Got an assortment of Purple Nurple, Apres ski, and Caramel Toffee. All were great. Very smooth. We will be back!!
OMG!!!!!...........it is best cheesecake I ever tasted. ....this is gonna be my numero dessert spot.........I am definitely going back.........I didnt expect the green tea chocolate to taste so good......I am in lovee...great place and atmosphere.
We had a plain piece, a caramel toffee piece and a blueberry maple!! All were delicious !!!! Would go there all the time if we were close!!
This is an unfortunate tip that may only apply to me.  I have been here and they are really nice people with a great product.  I can say the last 5, yes five times I took my wife after a dinner  or meal they were closed.  BE CAREFUL TO CHECK THEY ARE OPEN.
Tastes great but it is $40 for a full cheesecake and $5 for one slice. Go first thing in the afternoon because they run out before the end of the day.
What can I say but Yes, this cheesecake is great.  We forget that it is in town and then when we remember and stop by, we are not disappointed.  Last time we got a half a cheesecake sampler.  I could not believe it but a margarita cheesecake was one of my favorites that day.  If you are in Albany this is the place if you want cheesecake and the owners are so nice and friendly.
Came to this place because it was so popular and everyone on yelp loves this spot!!! So, I tried it out. Ordered a Oreo cheesecake and a passion tea. I was hesitant because I'm not really a sweet kind of person and don't like the extra calories but let me tell ya, glad I stopped by and totally worth the least of 500 calories. Homemade and fresh amazing taste. I loved the Oreo crust. The tea was so yummy and refreshing not to mention calorie free :) only down fall too many calories and I need to make up at the gym this week. I wish they made a cake with Splenda instead of real sugar.
I have tried a few of the cheesecakes here and they were pretty damn tasty. The crust was nice and crispy while the cheese was just the right amount with sweetness with a good texture. The key lime could have had stronger lime flavor. I would definitely return to try a few other varieties.
I now see why this is the highest rated "restaurant" in Albany. Cheesecake Machismo has some of the most delicious cheesecake I've ever had. It reminds you of the delicious homemade cheesecake your mom or aunt may have made, but probably a 100 times better. it in no way tastes like it came from a chain (i.e. Cheesecake Factory - while I love their cakes, they just don't taste homemade to me). The flavors were very inventive and delicious - I tried 3 different flavors and had no complaints about any of them. Definitely check them out if you're in town. It's a tiny shop (1 table to sit) and a little hard to find, but very worth the trip.
Cheesecake Machismo is a slam dunk!  My babes and I went here since we both had the Friday off and we're very pleasantly surprised.  Walking in I expected a small European owned establishment where some nice woman with an accent would serve us some delicious cheesecake.  Cheesecake Machismo surprised me with more of an old school comic book feel.  The atmosphere was very comfortable as it felt like we could have been at one of our friends homes. Babes wanted a slice of Green Tea Cheesecake topped with a fine chocolate layer & we both got a coffee.  The cheesecake was delicious  and a perfect topping to our earlier lunch.  The place is small but we were not overcrowded nor did we feel rushed to get out.  Everything was splendid until on our way out I spilled the final sip of my Babes coffee onto her lap.  Luckily we had been enjoying ourselves their so much the coffee was no longer scorching hot and thankfully no one was injured.  We began to clean up the mess but the owner took the napkins out of our hands and told us not to worry as they began to mop it up.  Needless to say Babes was way more pleased with Cheesecake Machismo than she was with me.
Best cheesecake in the area.  Why would you even think of going to The Cheesecake Factory when this is so much better?  Cheesecake here is light and not dense and heavy.
Cheesecake Machismo totally lives up to the hype. It is a hole in the wall, can be kind of difficult to find, but once you do, you'll always remember where to get some of the best cheesecake in the Capital region. We have made it a Friday after-work habit of stopping by, picking up two slices of cheesecake and some iced coffee and savoring each bite later in the night. The flavors change daily, and none are disappointing. The tiramisu is excellent, as well as the smore and chocolate brownie. For $5, you get a slice of cheesecake and a coffee (iced or hot). Great deal! And a great way to support a local business. Also: The staff has been exceedingly nice every time we've gone, and the place is super small, so we've never eaten there. We always get our dessert to go!
The cheesecake is soooo good! This many reviewers can't be wrong! It's just a hole in the wall, counter service by the super nice owner. I will come here every time I'm in Albany.
Complete hole in the wall, but worth the trip. Best cheesecake in town, wish they delivered.
I've eaten Cheesecake Machismo cheesecake at two different restaurants now--The Ginger Man and Finnbar's.  All three slices (of heaven) were INCREDIBLE!  One was candybar, caramel cheesecake with chocolate and peanut butter on top and graham cracker crust.  The other was green tea with chocolate and mint on top with a...chocolate crust, I think?  Either way, this cheesecake is so creamy and natural-tasting.  I agree with all of the reviewers that say it tastes homemade.  5 stars, will eat again!!
Best cheesecake. Anywhere. PB&J is classically amazing. The Pineapple Upside Down is quite possibly the greatest thing I've ever tasted.... However! Any flavor will make you thankful you have a tongue... Enjoy. Enjoy. Enjoy. Everyone who works their is fantastic as well :)
It is one of the hidden gems of Albany. It always amazes me that it is the best cheesecake I have ever had and all it costs is $5 with tea included?! I have tried 4-5 different kinds and have never been disappointed plus the owners are really warm and sweet.
A small hole in the wall with some of the best cheesecake around. They have the menu out front of the store to entice you to their wonderful cheesecakes.  They will sell out so keep your eye out for one you like.  When I went, they had about 10 cheesecakes to choose from.  I ordered a slice and was surprised with a free cup of hot coco. The warm chocolate drink complemented complimented the cheesecake wonderfully. The ambiance inside is wonderful with little toys all around.  There are only about two tables but it is very comfortable to sit inside if you choose to do so.  Its a great place to have a slice of cheesecake at any time.
Holy cheesecake. I had a cherry cheesecake, it's plain cheesecake with cherrys on top. Paul had the caramel and if you love toffee and caramel this is great. It's so full of flavor. My friend Abbie had the chocolate chipfasciana and it has a chocolate chip crust. All three were amazing.
After walking by the store sign one day, my friend and I made a pact that we will explore this store during one of our days off. We finally had the opportunity to check it out during spring break. The exterior is very unassuming, but once you enter, the quirky decor and cramped space jumps out at you. The store seems to say, "Here I am! No ruffles, no frou-frou nonsense, just take my cake and eat it!" Pros: -Slice of cheesecake and coffee for $5? Heck yes! -Awesome cheesecake. I rarely eat cheesecake, but this store did the impossible. It made me wonder WHY I didn't eat cheesecake more often. It was light, fluffy, and condensed with flavor. I tried the Red Velvet cheesecake for my first time and loved it. My friend let me try a piece of her slice, which was the Tiger Stripes cheesecake. I wanted to eat hers too. -Loved the mismatched cups and plates. -Enjoyed looking around at the various comics, vintage toys and posters hung around the store. Cons: -Very cramped space. Only 2 tables available inside. We were lucky to grab one of the tables when we came in, because shortly after our arrival the store filled up quickly with customers. We work nearby so my friend and I already devised a few excuses to walk over to this store during our break :) Can't wait for our next visit...
Retro cool decor complemented by jamming music and local bakers make this a fantastic place, not to mention the delicious and unique flavors of cheesecake.  The place is on the smaller side, just so you know--a couple of tables, but there has been talk of moving up the street so customers have more room. Great personalities behind the counter, always in a good mood, it seems.  Again, I cannot stress how amazing their cheesecake is.  You can even order a whole cheesecake ahead of time!  They give you a can of flavored seltzer water or coffee free with your cheesecake, too.
Omg. Caramel Brownie!!! Heaven on a plate. Super friendly staff and great ambience! So many flavored to choose from, you'll keep coming back for more!!!
The absolute best dessert I've ever had in my entire life. The cheesecake is heaven. The best one is caramel brownie.  The best place I stumbled upon a few years ago. The cheesecake has fresh ingredients and a variety of flavors.
Friendly staff. Best Cheesecake I have found in the capital region. Call ahead, or like them on Facebook, to find out the favors for the day. Get the frankencake!! Yeah it is a lot of cheesecake, but when is that ever a problem?
Who cares if I already had an eggplant sandwich oozing with cheese for lunch. With a side of meatballs. And three cups of coffee. Maybe it was one of those days where you just say "eh, screw it" and go for the artery clogging gold. An apple? Yeah, that can wait til tomorrow. Veggies? Maybe later. I needs some dessert! Sign me up for a slice of cheesecake and another cup of coffee. Cheesecake Machismo achieves the crucial balance lacking in most cheesecakes. The slice is light, it won't sit like a rock in your stomach after consumption. It isn't too fluffy though. Most of the slices have a silky, moist density, the essential characteristic I find most appealing in cheesecakes. They also get points for flavor creativity. To name a few: green tea w/chocolate cheesecake, lemon black cherry along with classic fruit staples such as boysenberry. The types available for consumption at the shop change on a daily basis, so check their facebook page for updates. Or, better yet, add some excitement to your dull day, forget the fb updates and venture into the unknown. So why not five stars for perhaps the best cheesecake ever to enter my mouth? I've never ordered a whole cake. On those random cheesecake cravings, I bust into the shop with a five spot demanding a decadent dessert and a cup of coffee. The fifth star is being held hostage until I order an entire cheesecake for that special occasion in my life, the special occasion being "let's see if I can fulfill my genetic destiny and develop Type II diabetes in one day by consuming an entire cheesecake." I'll save that for next month.
The Cheesecake itself gets 4 stars! It was fantastic and tasty :) I've tried the local bakeries for cheesecake(the more well known ones) and wasn't impressed. The main taste I got from their cheesecake was sugar. Not very good. It was like cheesecake for people who don't like cream cheese. Cheescake MacHismo on the other hand had a great flavor to it. I got a slice of the toffee caramel. Very reach and creamy. More complex tasting then most of the other cheesecakes I've tried. I could taste the cream cheese and I loved the topping. Very homemade and not mass made! The only downside is the lack of space and seating inside. There is a counter where you order with a few stools against it. Then maybe two small tables. I wouldn't want to sit and carry on a conversation there or  dine solo with a book. It's just too small and I feel like everyone kind of knows each other or engages in group conversation. Which is fine, it's just not my thing. I'd definitely pick up take home again though :) The place itself while small, has lots of character. There are collectible toys all over the walls.. I remember playing with a few of those same toys as a child! The staff is very friendly :) The prices are super reasonable, I forget if it was $5 or $6.00. for a slice of cake and a can of seltzer/soda. They also have a frequent visitor punch card. Buy X-Amount get a free slice of cheesecake. I'd definitely return :)
This place is just Ridiculous, Remarkable, Ricola (Needed another R word)...They actually don't do cheesecake..they are slices of manna from heaven with some form of addictive substance in it that makes me crave the damn things! As a NYC born a bred denizen I couldn't imagine a place in Albany ever getting cheesecake done as well as Lindy's used to be...but damn did the folks at Cheesecake Machismo school me.  They make all kinds of cheesecake as well as traditional...and some crazy flavors like Banana's Foster, Guiness stout  and Chipotle  Dark Chocolate.  Un-freaken-believable. True story ... I am sitting in one of those great kinds of meetings that drag on and make you realize there are truly infinite ways to say the same thing over and over. So what do you do in that kind of meeting in the year 2010...you start scrolling on your phone checking out facebook in a way that makes it look like you are staring at your crotch and smiling (But i digress)...as I am scrolling I come across Machismo's post about the flavors of the day...I see Chipotle Dark Chocolate. Instantly..my mouth waters, my foot starts tapping...I stand up and say..hey I gotta run before Cheesecake Machismo runs outa my favorite flavor of cheesecake.  And yes...I actually left the meeting - to the surprised looks of many ..and went off and bought the whole damn cake!!!  So damn good I felt like I had to apologize to someone for enjoying it this much. Get down there and order something..anything...you will love it!  then beg them to make either the Banana's Foster or the Chipotle Dark Chocolate...crazy good.  Just pure cheesecake decadence! Sideline...I brought the cheesecake back to the meeting people and they totally got it!
Mark my words, you will see this place on one of those Food Network specials that everybody claims they find obnoxious while in public, but ends up secretly filling up their Tivo with when nobody is home. To say this is the best cheesecake in Albany does it a great disservice, as there is no cheesecake within a days drive that comes even close to it, and past there I'm fully confident it would hold it's own against whatever you toss at it. People who choose the Cheesecake Factory over Cheesecake Machismo are either cultureless hillbillies or damaged masochists. Which of these two people would you like to be?
Dear Cheesecake Machismo, I have trouble pronouncing your name, but that's okay.  If you were anymore perfect, I would probably have to go to heaven. Remember that first time I stopped by to get a whole cheesecake for $40?  You might not, but I still do.  I asked for a whole for a single flavor, but you told me I needed at least 4 day advance notice, but you offered an even better idea of allowing me pick my own 12 slices to make up that whole cake for the same price.  Your choices ranged from double chocolate truffle to candy bar (chocolate-peanut buttery goodness).  I'm a big fan of just regular cheesecake, but I must say, you out do yourself with perfect creations for each of the flavors.  You don't really have any seating to lounge and relax and admire the toy collection carefully placed, but I understand.  You want to keep maintenance costs down so you can focus on devilish concoctions that even a lactose intolerant person can resist (literally, my friend had one and she said it was delicious). I gotta say, I hate the one-way street, and bad traffic there at 5pm, but that's really not about you.  I'm writing this to you because you're my idea of a perfect cheesecake.
Hands down THE place to go for cheesecake. In the past, I usually found cheesecake a disappointment. I mean, cheese and cake should be a no-brainer for best food ever. Then I discovered Bam and Lynn's cheesecake. Everything, from plain to Tandoori, blueberry to PB+J, is amazing and sets the standard for cheesecake. The frankencake (you get to choose a mix of flavors from what is available at the time) is great for parties and work functions. I cannot recommend this cheesecake enough! Plus, Lynn and Bam are really nice. Stop in often and say hello.
I hate cheesecake. I love Cheesecake Machismo. I didn't even want to try it at first, I dislike cheesecake that much. That was years ago and I've loved pretty much every flavor in the many times I've gone back since. The owners are awesome people and deserve every bit of praise and success they get from this place. I'm only familiar with one staff member they've taken on, but he's a super friendly guy. 5 bucks gets you the best slice of cheesecake you've ever had and a hot beverage if you want it. I suggest Green Tea Chocolate, Caramel Apple, and PB & J. Pretty much everything is great though. It sits in the shadow of the plaza on Hamilton street, and is a must-visit if you're a state worker or if you just happen to be around the center square/plaza area. Getting there earlier in the day maximizes your chances of getting a wide choice of flavors. The popular ones move quick but don't be afraid to expand your horizons either. Closed Mondays, like many Albany businesses.
This cheesecake is so good I was inspired to write a haiku: Cheesecake Machismo It's absolutely perfect What else can I say?
Excellent cheesecake priced at $5/slice with a coffee!  The owners are friendly and they always have a good selection of 8+ kinds of cheesecake to chose from - some traditional and some creative but always great!  I've only been five-or-so times, and have always ordered a different kind, so I don't have a favorite (yet)!
Tiger Stripes, Lemon Black Cherry, Cinnamon Sugar, Blueberry Maple.....and the list goes on. A great selection of flavors that you can't find anywhere else. For five dollars, I ordered the cheesecake and drink combo from a cheerful server. Their cheesecake never disappoints and I demolished the Lemon Black Cherry-scraping the sides of the container.   For anyone looking for new flavors in a cheesecake that isn't heavy, this place is perfect.
Tiger Stripes, Lemon Black Cherry, Cinnamon Sugar, Blueberry Maple.....and the list goes on. A great selection of flavors that you can't find anywhere else. For five dollars, I ordered the cheesecake and drink combo from a cheerful server. Their cheesecake never disappoints and I demolished the Lemon Black Cherry-scraping the sides of the container.   For anyone looking for new flavors in a cheesecake that isn't heavy, this place is perfect.
The best cheesecake in the world. It's a fact. It's science. You really can't go wrong with any variety they put out, but my favorite is Dark Horse or Caramel Pumpkin. $5/slice with a cup of coffee. Get a Frankencake - a cheesecake made of whatever slices they have available that day - for a party and you'll be a superstar. All your dreams of popularity will come true. So, live your dreams. Eat cheesecake.
If God Himself were to make a cheesecake, it would still only be half as good as the cheesecake from Cheesecake Machismo.  This place has ruined Cheesecake Factory for me, and for good reason.  Decadent homemade cheesecake in one of hundreds of flavors, plus a beverage of choice for only $5?  Forget about it. My favorite is the PB&J cheesecake, but I have never been anything but overjoyed when trying something new.  A MUST for you sweets lovers out there!
I love that this place is independently owned.  I love the kitchy decor and pin-up girl pictures everywhere, I love that they have toys on the tables.  I really hate when you go to the dentist's or something and kids are hogging all the good toys.  I feel like such a jerk snatching them away from kids, so it's great that there's somewhere where I can get in touch with my inner four year old without pissing off actual four year olds. I don't love the cheesecake.  I like a firmer cheesecake and both our pieces were soft and wet, bordering on runniness.  The coffee was rather mild.  I would have preferred a sharper coffee with something as heavy as cheesecake.   Even though I wasn't impressed by the cheesecake, I can't bring myself to give Cheesecake Machismo less than three stars since it has personality and it's independently owned.  I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt, and assume their cheesecakes were having an off day, or that many people do like their cheesecake soft and wet.  Also as many people have noted, it's a great deal at $5 for slice + coffee.
If you blink you'd miss this little gem on one of the off streets from Lark. Carefully created cheesecakes are offered, around 5-8, daily, plus a free cup of coffee. Each slice is $5 and is perfectly flavored, but not too heavy as to sink to the pit of your stomach. There are one or two places to sit inside with lots of cute decorative touches and an overall warm feeling, like the proprietors are truly doing something they enjoy.
Plain and simple review: the cheesecake is to die for. My boyfriend and I have been well known to do cheesecake runs about 5 minutes before they close the shop, and we're never disappointed. Ever. We've tried several different types and they are all wonderful. Plus the buy 10 slices, get 1 free is also pretty stellar. The chocolate stout, PB&J, even the chocolate green tea (which you would think is weird) are all delicious. You will be pleased. Sure, it's tiny inside, making it more of a drop in and take out kind of place but who cares! The $5 slice with beverage is the best deal in this town. Besides, they'll be moving up the street into a bigger home soon enough. Bottom line? You don't know cheesecake til you check out Cheesecake Machismo. Makes me want to go there now...
Excellent cakes, clever and delicious variations. And a delightful building. I enjoy the pb&j cheese cake the best and it can make any day great.
If you need a cake for any occasion, order one here. I bought the marionberry one for my mother's birthday this year and it was amazing. I bought a boysenberry one for Easter and that was also amazing. I'm going to use a term I don't like - foodgasmic.  Forget sex, I think I could be perfectly content (and much larger) if I just ate CM's cheesecake on a frequent basis. Yes, their cakes are not cheap. But $36 for a large and very delicious cheesecake is worth it, in my opinion. It's 10 inches and comes cut into 12 slices, but those are very generous slices.... you could easily stretch that into 20 or more. I'm sure you could get a cheesecake from Price Chopper for much less but you're paying for quality at Cheesecake Machismo. I think that if you compared the two, you'd find it hard to believe that they're even both the same thing. Admission: I'm also a sucker for the interior. Any place decorated with tattooed pinup girls will usually attract me. They also sell a few little silly gifts like Rosie the Riveter action figures.
Being forced to return to Albany by the corrupt and capricious state of New York, cheesecake machismo proved to be the highpoint of the experience, easily beating the state capitol building, the really tall building with the observation platform, the world's smallest destroyer, and other famous sights and scenes of Albany. Staff was friendly, and the cheesecake selection was wonderful.  The frankencake option is very nice (a cake made of other cakes; it reflects the novel more than the movies, to boot!)   If I lived in Albany, I would eat here all the time, and be a diabetic land monster.
This place serves up some serious cheesecake- head and shoulders above the cheesecake factory.  I'm not crazy about every single flavor, but thats ok since there are so many to choose from I'm almost always very happy with my decision.  The cake is dense enough to hold its shape but somehow soft and airy to eat- a real delicate balance.   I really, really wish the hours were better.  They close at 8 on weekdays and 5 on Saturday.  Sadly, I typically get a cheesecake craving after dinner, which typically is after 8 on a weekday or 5 on a Saturday.  Whatever, it just means I have to plan a bit better. Cheesecake aside, my favorite aspect of this place is their social networking expertise.  Becoming a fan of theirs on Facebook does more than tell all your friends you like this awesome cheesecake- the owners update the page daily with the flavors of the day and will respond promptly to any questions you may pose.
Love the place. Love the product. Love the people (Lynn and Bam rock!). I go whenever I am in Albany. The PB&J is a revelation; the Apple cider cheesecake is sublime; Raspberry Lucille takes my breath away; and the Root beer cheesecake is just plain fun. They create so many wonderful, unexpected flavors. These guys are cheesecake artists! Can't wait for them to moved into the vacated Mezzo space. You can't get better cheesecake anywhere. But, go early; now that they are becoming better known in Albany, they are starting to sell out of cheesecake earlier in the day. My only complaint is that they don't have a branch in the Boston area.
Feel good supporting a local business because there are benefits for you! -Tasty cheesecake, good price. -Cute store, only one table (so you may not want to plan to eat there). -Friendly staff.
The staff are very friendly and the environment is great, but the cheesecake was a bit bland.  The coffee was really nice and the prices were great.
CARAMEL APPLE CHEESECAKE.......OH MY GOD!!!!!! THis is the best damn cheesecake in the world.......i have not had every piece of cheesecake there is to have in the world, but i can bet that it is the best!!!! Raspberry Chambord, Kahlua, Peanut butter.....mmmmmmmmmmmmm, my mouth is watering now!!!!
Let me just say I used to HATE cheesecake.  I thought it was nauseating and overly decadent... till I tried Cheesecake Machismo that is.  I did not even want to try it when someone brought it over for desert but since I did not want to seem rude, I grinned and took a bite. HOLY MOLY YUM!  I tried the plain and caramel both were equally delicious.   Everyone haters and lovers of cheesecake alike must try it.  Delicious!
I was at a party where someone brought one of the multi-flavored cakes so I got to try several different choices.  I didn't find any of them outstanding.  Some were too rich for my taste and some were too dense.  But I can understand why many people might prefer those characteristics. I enjoy a good cheesecake and my standard had always been those served at Jack's Oyster House on State Street in Albany.  However, while they claim that they have not changed their recipe since they opened 98 years ago, maybe my tastes have changed because I don't enjoy theirs as much as I did 20 or 30 years ago.
No matter what flavor I get here, I am always pleased. A slice is $5. Flavors I approve of: Green tea chocolate, Candybar, Almond Amaretto, Brown Sugar Cinnamon, Caramel Toffee, Plain and Bosenberry. The store is quirky and the staff is awesome. Go eat some.
For me, this was very good cheesecake. Not overwhelmingly, text-all-your-friends, amazingly great cheesecake, but definitely very good. For me, the thing holding it back from true greatness was (too much) sugar -- the slice I had (chocolate chip) was just too sweet for my taste; I couldn't quite finish it. Don't get me wrong, I love desserts and I love a good cheesecake and obviously these things are generally very sweet, but I seem to have a somewhat lower limit than a lot of people. Your mileage may vary. Nonetheless, when I have a cheesecake craving, I will come back. $5.00 for a slice of very good cheesecake and a drink (small coffee, Polar seltzer, or water) is a good deal! I can see why Kim R. called it soft and wet; although mine wasn't what I would call wet or runny, it definitely was a softer cheesecake than is perhaps usual. While those who like it firm (heh) may dislike this, I wonder if it may also explain the reviews that say they or their loved ones like this despite not liking other cheesecakes. Service was fast and friendly. The store is rather cute but tiny -- there are a couple of tables but personally I'd always stick with take-out.
Great cheesecake with a fun quirky atmosphere. Love the feeling and decor! Had the peanut butter brownie cheesecake which was very tasty. Don't expect frills just great quality dessert. Would definitely visit again.
Great cheesecake. It seems pricey at first, but once you actually try a slice you'll understand why. Our last visit there (which was our first visit there) was great. We each took a slice to go with hot cider for the walk home. The cider was outstanding, almost enough to make me want to go back purely for that alone. Looking forward to another trip out to Cheesecake Machismo - Friendly Staff - Easily accessible - Great cheesecake and drinks!
The majority of reviews are hyped beyond belief.  The cheesecake is OK but the flavors aren't that refined.  Stop buying your ingredients at Price Chopper and order expensive cheese online maybe?  If I want good beef do I run down to Price Chopper/Hannaford or do I go hook up with a cattle rancher and order some dry-aged porterhouse from free range grass fed cattle?   Another hint:  not all butters and eggs are of equal quality!!  There's a way to get superior tasting butter and eggs.  Figure it out. It's certainly better than most of the cheesecake garbage served in the Albany area.  I personally don't go for all the goofy toppings/flavors to distract my taste buds.  I'm more of a purist enjoying cheesecake in all its plain goodness -- which isn't so much here. And why not Italian cheesecake?  But please don't buy the ricotta at Price Chopper, you're better off making it from quality ingredients.     I didn't buy the cozy atmosphere with junk sale toys and horrible seating.  It gets awkward in this place fast if too many people walk in. This place is definitely worth a try at their reasonable prices.
Great cheesecake. Wonderful flavor and not too dense. Love the atmosphere and excellent customer service! The owner and baker sold me my slice and he was so much fun and easy to talk to!
One of my favorite places in Albany, $5 for a slice and beverage.  The people are friendly and let you take your time deciding on what flavor. It's a good thing I don't live next door.
Got their almost at closing had a choice of plain or caramel toffee. I chose caramel toffee and it was delicious!  I also enjoyed my tea. For 5 bucks you can get a slice of cheescake with coffee, tea,hot chocolate,  or seltzer water. I truly enjoyed myself.  A few chairs to eat inside but i enjoyed mines in the car. I would highly recommend them to everyone. Friendly owners also!
YUM.
I love this place. Yum, best cheesecake for a decent price.
I can't say enough great things about Lynn Beaumont and her amazing Cheesecakes!  $5 for a coffee and a generous slice of cheesecake (15 flavors to choose from per day, and the choices change from day to day!) The quality is amazing, and the Machismo gang is totally awesome - great personalities, who love and believe in what they serve to their customers.  This is where you need to go for the best cheesecake in the Capital Region!
Others have said it and I will repeat it: best cheesecake I have ever had. Make sure to try the plain slice; you can really appreciate the  level of perfection in the plain slice. When you talk to the owner Its easy to tell that this guy is obsessed with cheesecake. Bonus points for a locally owned business.
Amazing. I got the cookies and cream cheesecake which was the bomb. I also got the pb&j which was also good but not as good as cookies and cream. Yum I want a slice right now.
I love variety...with that said Cheesecake Machismo seems to have much to offer. I happen to loooove cheescake. Caught a sweet tooth after lunch today and decided to stop in for a slice or two. It's a good thing I don't live in the Albany area, cause if I did, I'd live my life as a house. Yes, I'd be huge! So I tried the green tea w/ chocolate and a bit of the pineapple upside down. Both were pretty good. The pineapple upside down wasn't too sweet which is perfect for me and the green tea and chocolate offered a nice balance of flavors. Very friendly service and great cheescake. I shall return... :o)
dreams are realized here -- delicious, rich, fantastic cheese cake, $5 for a slice and a beverage -- seriously, the coldest, most crisp water ever to cut through the richness of the cheesecake mini cakes are always a hit -- order in advance to make sure you can secure them and oh! seriously, reserve your holiday cheesecakes now. now, go, do it, I'll wait.
Wife and I were in town and yelped some cheesecake. After reading the reviews...it was a "must go" type of place. Amazing! Best cheesecake we've ever had. We each ordered 2 slices. Oink, oink. It's that good. We also bought two of the owners paintings off the wall. Great guy, better cheesecake. Can't recommend enough.
I try and avoid this place as much as possible but when I want to indulge this is my top pick. They have an amazing selection of cheesecake - it's funny but the one that I'm not a fan of seems to be everyone elses favorite - PB&J - which is fine by me because that leaves about 20 other flavors for me to pick.
Pretty good cheesecake...the shop has quite a unique style and the attendant is friendly.
OMG. I cannot being to describe how good this cheesecake is so I won't. Just take my word for it, this is the best cheesecake in the Universe served by the coolest cheesecake people in Upsate New York. I think they are opening up a bigger place further up the street so good luck to them in that! At $5 a slice it will cost you, but these guys make all the cheese cake for the best restaurants around and they really know what they are doing.
Everything everyone is saying about the cheesecake here is True! So good! I live on Long Island, but had some on vacation for desert and it was amazingly delicious! Good prices too. Wish I lived closer!
This stuff is UH-MAZING. There are a variety of ridiculously yummy flavors to choose from, the prices are great (you get a free beverage with a generous slice for only about $5) and it's a locally owned business! Doesn't really get better than this in life..Unless they sell out.  That can be a pretty major devastation to your day. But hey--there's always tomorrow! :o)
The cheesecake  is amazing. Some of my favorite flavors are cookies n cream and hazelnut. The prices are reasonable and I love that they include tea or coffee. The employees are very friendly and even remembered that my fiance bought our engagement party cake from there. The shop also has punch cards available so that after you buy 10 slices you get the 11th free. They take suggestions on their facebook page as well. Cheesecake Machismo is one of the best things about Albany.
The cheesecake is not earth shattering but its got a good home baked taste and they have come up with some pretty innovative concoctions. The prices are affordable and the slices are manageable. Located on a one way street in between Lark St. and the state offices, the parking sucks, at least during daytime hours during the week. The owners are super nice and friendly and will gladly explain any cheesecake to you because most of them have cute little nicknames.
Amazing cheesecake. Everything was on point and there was a perfect balance of texture and flavor. The usually slice of cheesecake and a drink for 5 dollars filled me up but didn't make me feel bloated. I wanted to try the PB&J favor as everyone suggested but they did not have it today so i decided to give caramel pumpkin a shot and it was great. I definitely will be paying more visits to this store whenever I am near the downtown district.
Odd . . . Very Odd . . . but the BEST cheesecake you can find.
Returned for a sinfully delectable slice tonight but they were closed for the evening. Sign read: "Sorry, we are out of cheesecake. Will have more Saturday @ Noon. How much cheesecake can this city eat? Seriously."   LMAO. Apparantly the awesome cheesecake business is recession-proof. Who knew? Will be back, hopefully there will be some for me!
Such a dangerously good deal. I got the key lime, which was good but not incredible. The texture was creamy and just how I like it, but the key lime flavor was a little off. I intend to go back and try other flavors. PB&J, you better watch out.
Best damn slice of Cheesecake outside of Manhattan!
Absolutely amazing cheesecake. The owner used to co-own Bombers so you know she knows what she is doing. A must try.
Yum!!  I've lived in Albany for over 2 years now and I only just recently went here, thanks to the prodding of my upstairs neighbor.  I have to say, this is the best cheesecake I've ever had! It wasn't dense and brick-like like some others I've had.  I had a coffee cheesecake with a brownie crust (sorry, can't remember the name of it!) and it was great!  I think I live too close to this place (only about 3 blocks), it's dangerous!!
Not only is cheesecake machismo the best dessert in town, it is also a cool local business that you just can't help but want to support! So delicious and creative! Can't even choose a favorite because they're all so darn delicious!!!
I gotta say I dont even like cheesecake but I finally tried a slice and fell in love! The cookies and cream cheesecake was so full of flavor and didnt have a hard or real cheesy flavor. It was light and so good. I have told everyone about this place and I cant wait to order my bday cheesecake from there! Also the store is pretty sweet, really retro cool style. Love it.
I have eaten cheesecake from a lot of places and Cheesecake MacHismo is by far the best so far.  Not to mention that they are some of the nicest people and the atmosphere is great. My favorites are Pumpkin, PB&J, and Raspberry Lucille.... Words cannot even describe. You will have to experience for yourself.
Wonderful! Had a slice of the Brown Sugar Cinnamon cheesecake. It was fabulous. Not to mention the fact that the atmosphere was perfecto: Honey, I Blew Up the Kid was playing on the television.
Best in the bizness. Go get a slice and a coffee!
This place, it turns out, is just about as good as I thought it would be (that is after I read the review on Yelp).   The stout cheesecake was what I last enjoyed.  That was really well  done not to heavy but not subtle either!  A slice and a cup of coffee (pretty good coffee) is only 5 dollars!.  The owner and the lady that work there are pretty cool too- rock and roll fans who have decorated their small shop with R and R stuff...  How bout that logo on their menu?
Love the cheesecake here!  I've been here a few times and am never upset with the cheesecake I pick.  Sometimes it's tough to choose, but no matter what you get, you'll be satisfied.  I love that the cheesecake is light and fluffy, versus a solid mass of unappealing cheese.
Absolutely perfect.  We have been wanting to go here for a while after reading/hearing all the great reviews and finally made it.  For $5 you get a slice of cheesecake and coffee/tea.  We had the Tiger Stripe (kahlua and caramel) and Raspberry Lucille (raspberries and vanilla) and both were delicious!  The atmosphere is great, too, so we ate in.  This is a must visit establishment!!
I went to this place when my friend was telling me about it. At first I had a hard time locating this place, but it turn out its at the end of Hamilton! (Coming from Lark) The cheesecake is well price! Only $5 and you get a choice of drink! I usually pick coffee because it tastes better! S
My favorite place to go when I'm in Albany. $5 for a slice of cheesecake and a coffee - good thing I don't live closer. Great selection of cheesecakes, cool little shop. Good Mexican Restaurant next door too
BEST CHEESECAKE EVER. Amazing, creative flavors of cheesecake, awesome atmosphere, fun franken-cakes...basically this is the #1 thing I miss about living in Albany.  From a quick $5 slice and beverage, to their little babycakes, to ordering a full cake--all are good decisions to make. We even had babycakes at our wedding. Everyone who lives in the 518 should go here. Everyone visiting Albany, go here. You will not be disappointed.
Delicious cheesecake and coffee for $5!
Delicious!
I love Cheescake Machismo!!  I try to make an effort and try a different flavor everytime I go there.  My favorite is Peanut Butter and Jelly Cheesecake!  My boyfriend doesnt like cheescake period, however he only eats cheesecake from here!
Great cheesecake and a really good selection. The people who work there are really nice and you can't beat $5 and a coffee or tea. Great dessert to split with someone special! My only advice would be to bring it home because there are usually people hanging around the few tables.
My girlfriend and I went here before taking in a play at the Capital Repertory Theatre.  All I can say is that we would come back just for the cheesecake.  I'm not sure if there are any adjectives that would do it justice.  Just try it!!
Driving through Albany on a road trip to Newport we found this place, boy were we lucky!  This is hands down the best cheesecake I have ever had my whole life.  I had a caramel toffee slice and my spouse had peanut butter.  The flavours did not over power the actual cheesecake and the crust was so buttery good.  The woman working there was so nice and the store itself looks quite interesting.
This place is so good. The only problem is deciding on which slice to try. I had to change my route home from work so I wouldn't be tempted to try a different one every day.
After going to the street scrubbing me and my companion decide to eat at the local vendor trucks. After having a nice lunch outside in one of the few nice days in may, we took a walk, while walking around i yelp someplace for dessert. Well as luck would have it we were just about two blocks from Cheesecake Machismo. Now I'm not one for cheesecake, But this place makes some damn good cheese cake, i had one of their top sellers the PB&J, This cake is made with an almond  cheese cake, top with peanut butter and seedless black raspberry preserves. This was a food experience, if your not one for cheesecake, this is the one to try, the cake is like a mousse, then you taste the preserves and just before your swallow your flooded with this taste of smooth , creamy peanut butter, I even let out an OOH.  A must stop on your walking tour around Albany. They offer a ton of cheesecakes, but you have to go see the board of whats in the store that day. Also they offer a FRANKENCAKE, which is made up of the spare parts of other cakes, but that is not pre order you have to go to the shop to get that. Definitely will go back and get another piece of PB&J.
I visited Cheesecake Machismo for the first time last Thursday.  I live in Vermont, but had to take a test in Albany and was in desperate need of chocolate by the time I was finished (since I had to drive right back to Vermont, I couldn't have the nice strong drink like I really wanted).  I had read reviews online and looked at their menu, but most just listed the names of the cakes without a description.  When I went in, I asked if I could actually see the cakes I was interested in.  The guy manning the counter happily obliged.  When I saw the first two cakes (chocolate caramel and I can't remember the other one), I told him: I don't really like cheesecake itself, I like when it has stuff all mixed in.  He didn't take offense to this and recommended some cakes I might like.  I asked to see the cookies 'n cream, which looked delicious!  "Ooh, I'll take that one!"  It was absolutely amazing and didn't sit like a lump in your stomach like other cakes do.  The cookie crust and cookies mixed in were enough to satisfy my chocolate craving and the cheesecake cream flavor was amazing; it soothed my anxiety from the stress of my test.  I will definitely be going back the next time I am back in Albany!
come here, eat cheesecake.
Best 5 spot you can spend on desert in Albany!!!!!!! Silky smooth base but the choices are endless. Parking is a pain but worth it!
Chocolate Stout cheescake so rich I couldn't even finish the slice!  Perfect!
Albany doesn't usually have the best of anything. But when friends/family visit from elsewhere, you can proudly show them the best cheesecake anywhere. It's especially great to try all their unique flavors. If you "like" them on Facebook they post the daily flavor selections and it's a true test of will to not eat a slice every day.
consistent taste and quality. always with a large variety of flavors. Small place but great for grab and go. friendly staff and quirky store! worth the price.
Sold out for whole Cheesecakes but I they very nicely put together a "variety cake" with many of their best flavors.  Great way to go when you have kids and adults attending a Bday party.  Everyone gets something they want.
super delicious cheesecakes, best in albany, maybe in anywhere. they have different flavors everyday, you can check the daily flavors on their facebook  page. oh, and $5 per a dreamy slice and a cup of coffee is unbeatable!
