Nighthawk's Kitchen is fantastic. Admittedly I don't get to the farmer's market very often at all, but the times I've gone to it, Nighthawk's is a must-visit for me. I absolutely love their breakfast sandwiches. It might involve a bit of a wait, but that's the result of their popularity, which in turn is no doubt the result of their excellent quality. If only they opened a restaurant... good lord, that would be wonderful.
Am I seriously the only negative nancy? I guess I can live with that. I just don't really get it. I wanted to try a few different things on the menu before I made my final judgment. I didn't get to try the hot dogs because they are either out or not at the market.   Their claim to fame seems to be a burger with mac and cheese on it,  not revolutionary.   The people are rude and the wait is like 30 minutes.  They also get huffy if you don't grab it right away.  I'm sorry, I must have fallen asleep.   The food is good but not worth the wait, price and attitude.  Pass.
Legit, the best burger in the 518. By far. Green chili cheeseburger is fantastic as is the BBQ burger....but the meat itself is the star of the show! Juicy, flavorful and delicious. Highest possible recommendation.
Ever wake up and need to have a breakfast sandwich, freshly prepared, with egg, bacon, fresh bun, and BUFFALO MAC AND CHEESE?  If you have ever been to Nighthawk's kitchen at the Troy Farmer's Market you have!  Though not a good idea to eat them EVERY weekend, we do have to indulge occasionally and get this amazing local food.  Love this place and highly recommend to try it.
Ahhhhh Nighthawks...you are amazing.  Please open a restaurant soon.  Everyone I know loves you. Everything I have had has been amazing.  Their special breakfast sandwiches ie. the dana and the gary are amazing.  I can't decide which one I love more.  They even make their own sausage!  My brother also absolutely loves their mac and cheese.  The menu is pretty small-breakfast sandwiches, pulled pork sandwiches, great mac and cheeses, and burgers, but everything is well made and good quality.  They know what they're doing and they do it well! it really saddens me that they are only at the Farmer's Market, but they do cater.  The prices are really fair for the quality in my opinion.  Everyone who works there is also super friendly.   Go to the Farmer's Market this Saturday from 8-1 and be sure to stop by their table!
Oh, Nighthawk's. You are ridiculous in so many ways: - Ridiculously delicious - Ridiculously bad for me - Ridiculously reasonably priced (does that even make sense? whatever.) - Ridiculously awesome Nighthawk's Kitchen is available at the Troy Waterfront Farmer's Market on Saturdays, and I sincerely hope they consider opening up a storefront sometime soon. Their buffalo mac-n-cheese is so good. When I feel like completely falling off the wagon, I'll get a Scary Gary on a sweet potato biscuit. Super delicious. It's worth a trip to the farmer's market to see them, even if you don't need local and organic produce. I do suggest you stock up on some veggies after hitting Nighthawk's though. You'll probably want to keep it light for the rest of the day.
I've been going to the farmers market with nighthawks in mind for the last 2 years. There isn't much I can think of that I haven't tried from Christian. Most of the time I get whatever special he's whipped up for that weekend. Everything is always super fresh, flavorful and well presented. Talk about doing a ton in a small space. I find myself bringing home a homemade biscuit and ham sandwich "for later" that never makes it past noon. His mac and cheese is killer (another take home item) and I find myself eating it on Scary Gary often. I find myself craving some of the things on the menu during the week and sigh that I must wait until Saturday, but that just helps build the anticipation.
I'm delighted to see so many great reviews for Nighthawk. Today was my first time trying them and they live it to it. I had a egg, sausage and cheese and it was freaking awesome. Mostly the sausage closed the deal for me. It was a large patty of clearly homemade and delicious sausage. I added an extra egg and it was a total of $3.50. One of the best values  at the farmers market. I like it so much I got some chili for later and it too was great. Loaded with peppers, meat and onions it was perfect for a fall day. Apparently they make their own hot dogs too, and doubtless they are great.
Jessica R wasn't kidding. Nighthawk's has consistently amazing food  Excellent cure for a hangover first thing in the morning, and you will be in food coma bliss for the rest of the afternoon. my first experience was at  a food stand in a farmers market, where  there was no frills. When you get the silent nod be ready to order. I would highly recommend the scary Gary, soo bad but yet sooo good. He also told me he does outside catering. I asked Christian if he would do a party for us in NYC. we exchanged cards and 4 weeks later he catered for our Movie Production company's Party for one of our movies. we had guests at this party like Oscar winner Marion Cotillard, and the Movie director James Gray. I didn't see them leave any food on their plates. this party was featured on page 6 of the NY Post Everything this guy was putting out looked great. The burgers. Someone order sausage and peppers which looked like it made my short list for when I come back here. Not pricey, not the cheapest....but you will be happy. Don't tell the owner, but our company would have probably paid double. lol
Nighthawk's has consisently amazing food and the prices are very, very resonable.  The Buffalo Mac and Cheese is to die for.  I haven't tried the new Southwest version, but heard it is very good.  Christian Noe is a God amoung Mac and Cheese makers (literally, he has won the home-chef section of the Times Union Mac and Cheese bowl for teo years in a row!).  I am so glad they are now at the winter market (or at least they were this weekend). The Scary Gary is one of the most amazing things I've put in my mouth.
I've been to Nighthawk's at least 10 times now, and every time is just as awesome as the last! He has new, creative specials every week; I have to say I go with the Scary Gary almost every time. If you like spicy, ask Nighthawk to throw some green chilis on that Scary Gary! ...I wouldn't order them any other way....
Burgers were flavorful and juicy.
One Saturday afternoon, I passed by nighthawk's tent at troy's farmers market and decides to order an avocado burger that came with a small side of mac and cheese. The burger was alright but HOLY CRAP THE BUFFALO MAC AND BLEU CHEESE. Hands down, the best mac and cheese I've ever had the privilege to consume. I keep coming back everyday Saturday I can just to take a 16 oz to go!
like everything. I hope they open a restatuant.
I have been going to Nighthawk's at the farmers market almost every week, it is great every time. Everything I had so far has been perfect, the hamburgers, home made hotdogs, and breakfast sandwiches. Nice to able to graba burger at a farmers market, and the prices aren't jacked up just because it is a farmers market.
Got back early enough to get a Macarena Dana (I think that's right). My God it was soooooo good. Thank god they are only available once a week or I'd be fatter than I already am.
Got a burger called a night mana, it was cooked over red onions and turned out being amazing one of the best burgers i ever had and it was only 6$, check it out its at the troy farmers market every saturday.
Usually I run through the farmer's market, buy my eggs, meat, produce etc and rush onto somewhere else.  This time my daughter refused to leave without lunch. We viewed our various option and she decided she wanted some chili. The chili was good but my hot sauce queen appreciate the addition of the sauces they had available. Reasonably price, tasty and pleasant. I will try and leave time for breakfast the next time I'm there.
Make sure you go here every week. Get in line, order your food, and go check out some of the other vendors while they cook your food. I'm a Scary Gary fan. My son loves their pulled pork. My daughter loves the cuke salad. It's all good! Please open a restaurant soon!
I was at the Troy farmers mkt this past weekend and hit up Nighthawks Kitchen for brunch.  I had the "scary gary",  a bacon/egg sandwich with buffalo mac n cheese, it melted in my mouth and set a new bar on breakfast sandwiches.  My wife had the BLT, "fresh tomatoes and lettuce with thick sliced bacon"  She  wouldn't give up a bite it was so good.  Definitely worth the stop if you in downtown Troy on a Sat morning
Started with their "Hawkdog" a few months ago, which is a homemade beef sausage made from brisket. Really good! Now I can't get past the breakfast sandwich with sausage because their homemade sausage is so incredibly good. It is at least a 4 oz chunk of sausage. Probably the tastiest egg sandwich on the planet and well worth the $3.  Also very nice folks.
