Just had the lobster roll for dinner.  It was the best lobster roll I have ever had!  Served on a delicious toasted roll with butter.  I will definitely be back for this again!
The Ginger Man is a great place for a dinner date or meeting some friends for a drink.  The ambiance is very warm and inviting, drink selection is very large, and the menu is unique.  I dream of their risotto balls (appetizer), sooo good!
Wow, thanks fellow yelpers for recommending this place. I'm new to Albany, and the boy and I went to Ginger Man tonight to celebrate a new job. I was a little nervous as he is a picky eater and we both have very high standards. The Ginger Man definitely exceeded both of our expectations, and was a great special-occasion dinner. To start I got one of the three app specials for the night, Tuna Tartar "Tacos," and he got the Baby Wedge salad. The tuna by itself tasted a little watery, but eaten together with the sesame ginger tuile "taco shells" and the seaweed salad, the flavors were great. The roquefort dressing on the wedge was also really nice... looked thin but had great flavor. For entrees he got the NY strip (mid-rare) and I got the duck. Wow! This is where the high standards come in... we both have spent years in the service industry, in one of the nation's top-rated steakhouses (in Philly) as well as a James Beard nominated restaurant. We were so impressed, and not just "for Albany". The steak was perfectly perfectly cooked -- we rarely get a mid-rare that we like, but this was exactly right. Also, the menu said it was a 16 oz strip but it had to be more like 18 or 20 oz... HUGE. It came with crumbled roquefort on top, but honestly it wasn't needed; the meat was perfectly aged to ideal tenderness and flavor. The duck was also wonderful... very crispy skin and great flavor, although the sauce was a little skimpy and a little bland. The sides were also notable... tender-crisp veggies, creamy, delicious mashed potatoes, and a really fun cornmeal waffle with the duck. Yum. For dessert, I got the chocolate Guinness cake and he got the cheesecake of the day, cookies & cream. I was really too full to adequately judge my dessert, but boy raved about his cheesecake and assured me that my cake was awesome too. I was busy enjoying the house specialty coffee, which was a dessert in and of itself. Our server, Casey, did a great job of being present without being obtrusive and made some nice recommendations. Good timing for the whole meal. Wine list was not all that original, but coming out of Philly, very reasonably priced. I like the flight option. BTW, for those claiming that this place is too pricey, I think that its low-key decor is deceiving in that sense. It is very casual and comfortable, which leads one to expect bar food & bar prices. What you are paying for here is execution and service, both of which are top notch. We paid $120 + tip for 2 first courses, 2 entrees, 2 desserts, 2 glasses of wine, 1 reg coffee and 1 specialty coffee and I thought it was totally worth it. We have a huge bag of leftovers, too. Didn't give it five stars because of a few minor weaknesses... the watery tuna, the sauce on the duck, a stray rag left near our table for the whole meal (not a smelly one, though), lack of coat check in February. But, would have given it 4.5 if that were an option. We raved about it all the way home. Strongly recommend and will def go back.
Unbelievable meal at Ginger Man last night! Risotto croquettes, seafood paella, and of course lobster mac & cheese, topped off with amazing vanilla creme brulee! MUST GO BACK SOON! This place is reason enough for the 2 hour drive from Manhattan!
Bad food, snooty attitude. I haven't written a review in awhile, but my experience here has been so disappointing the last two visits I can't keep it to myself.  The first time I had been to this spot after moving back to the area was over a year ago and I was very happy with the atmosphere and the food. I didn't go back until last fall, we went for an early lunch and was pretty disappointed with my mediocre meal. I shrugged it off the food but was put off by the beer tap. I ordered a Boston Lager and what I got was either beer that had sat in the pipes all night and all morning, or the lousiest pint ever poured from a tap. It was gross. I told the waitress and it was removed from my bill. I walked away content. Last week we went back again and I wont go back after this visit. Again, we went for lunch. Our waiter was super inattentive. Empty drink glasses sat on our table for as long as it took between him taking our order and bringing them initially until he brought us the bill, since he never asked us how our meal was, and never offered refills when he dropped off the food. Dropped and left. My burger, was overcooked... I can deal with that. My girlfriend had gotten mussels and they were a disgrace. They were loaded with excrement. I don't know if they had been sitting for a long time, or what the deal was, but the excrement sacs were as large or in some cases larger than the meaty portion of the mussels. I love mussels, but tried hers before looking at what I was eating and immediately knew they were off. She ate a good portion of them, feeling bad that I was paying for them. We laughed about how much dookie she had eaten after, but honestly they should not have been served. They like to bill themselves as a classy joint, but I'd rather eat at Denny's. It's consistent at least.
Wasn't what I thought it would be. Nice wine selections and wine flights but way over priced. Food was average for the what we had to pay. For what the restaurant charges I thought the atmosphere would be better. It was an attempt on a nice wine bar but turned out to be an overpriced college bar.
The paella was worse than Rice-a-Roni with leftover grocery store shrimp.  The butternut squash pasta was an oily mess.  The fried zucchini was dry, stale, chewy.  This was a very nice restaurant many years ago.  It was extremely disappointing tonight.  There are quite a few nearby restaurants -- I strongly recommend going somewhere else.
One of the nicest restaurants in the area.  Nice atmosphere, it's especially nice to sit outside when the weather is good.  Delightful and knowledgeable staff, great food.  IMO, the specials are way better than what's on the menu. I think the food is pricey but worth it and consider this a "special treat" kind of place.
Yummy duck club sandwich was my lucky pick for lunch. Well priced.
My husband were staying in the Albany area for a night and went to the Ginger Man based on the reviews on Yelp.  It is a cute restaurant and the service was good.  We thought the food was just ok and over priced.  I ordered the pork tenderloin special that was dry with a beet puree that was tasteless.  My husband ordered the duck meatloaf which he thought was fine, but nothing special.  We did like the fried zucchini fries we had as an appetizer.  I had 2 glasses of wine which was good and our total bill was about $100.  The place was crowded so maybe we just ordered wrong.
Unfortunately, my last experience with this otherwise great restaurant is leaving us with negative feelings about it. In 4 years we've been here many times, including when family came to visit (it was our go-to place), and always really enjoyed the food and interesting specials, wine, and the service. But we had an awful experience the last time we tried to go here. We had a large group, and called in the early afternoon to make a reservation. The woman who answered was quite rude and said she'd have to check if there was room and that someone would call back. Well, they did call back, at 5:30pm! I don't know how a group of 11 is supposed to wait until 5:30pm to make a dinner reservation. We were told we could maybe be fit in at 8:30 or 9. Needless to say, we took our business (and big check by the end of the night) elsewhere. I'm hoping this was an isolated incident and not a sign that anything is changing at The Ginger Man, as it was our favorite Albany spot until now.  So I would still recommend going there, and hopefully you'll have a good experience.
I used to like eating at the Gingerman but after today's meal I'll think twice before going again. I ordered the Dionysis salad which was listed as having mozzarella cheese, olives, artichoke hearts, and peppedew peppers, topped with two slices of pesto toast. The waiter was kind enough to leave the peppedew out of the salad for me and his service was excellent, but the salad was a pitiful excuse for a lunch. The two puny slices of cheese were no bigger than one single slice from a tangerine, there were three small quarters of an artichoke heart, and the so called pesto on the toast tasted like they defrosted a package of Green Giant spinach and plopped it on top of some bread with no seasonings. pesto is supposed to have garlic and cheese and olive oil. Any resemblance to pesto was purely coincidental! The dressing was on only one side of the salad and there wasn't enough to spread on all the greens. The olives were the best part of the dish. I think this was not up to their usual standards and I'm appalled that I had to pay $14.00 for a less than mediocre luncheon salad!
Nice atmosphere! Great food. Had the salmon which was delicious. We also had the steak salad - very tender. Would definitely return. We are not wine drinkers but the food was great!
Was treated to this place by the husband. The cocktails were fantastic - of course had to have the gin based one - can't remember the name but just know that I loved it. Had 3!!!! The food was delicious - the only lat down where the seafood stuffed mushrooms - a tad insipid but everything else was GREAT! I had the GIANT chicken roulade. I ate about a third of it and doggy bagged the rest - husband and I had it for dinner the next day and it was just as delicious! The coating was nice and crispy, the chicken juicy and the herbed boursin was a nice touch.  The sides were also super tasty. Husband had the lobster mac and cheese and it was remarkably good...yup, pretty much what everyone else has said. Were way to full for a dessert but were treated to two chocolate cups filled with liquer - YUM!
Cool little restaurant downtown off of Western. Had the infamous Lobster Mac dish and it was delicious. Large chunks of claws, meat and creamy. Baked on top to perfection. Come hungry or share as the portions are huge. Nice ambiance, great service and good food. Has a patio out front if the weather cooperates. Will be back.
We stopped here on our way to the nyagra falls, following the reviews we read.. The zucchini fries was great as well as the artichoke hearts. The French onion soup was delicious!! My husband tried the paella which was good and served oversize... Our friend ordered a sort of Cordon-blue, that cooked well under intelligent hands...not too havy, yet not too dry! The only dish we disappointed off was the steak salad, which was chewy.. But considering the whole dinner - we enjoyed that meal (:
Lived in the area for about a year and I can't believe I never came to this place.  Atmosphere was nice a cozy and its probably a good idea to make reservations.  I had the Blackened Chicken salad and I'm not normally a salad for dinner type of person, but this was amazing!  Just the right amount of chicken and the avocado's really made it delicious and filling.  Service was good and the bartenders were friendly.  Will definitely be returning!
Best lobster mac and cheese
Cozy Classy Country-style Overall good experience at the Ginger Man. The ginger-infused olive oil was a delicious dip for the awesome complimentary crispy-doughy dinner rolls. The lobster stuffed mushrooms had a nice kick of chorizo. Save your bread to sop up all the savory buttery sauce. The lobster mac and cheese was the best I've ever had.I think the mac and cheese alone was one of the best I've ever had. There was a generous amount of lobster hidden underneath the cheesy ocean of bliss. The crispy breadcrumbs atop was a nice finishing touch. I had the chicken-fried rabbit in duck fat served with mashed potatoes and green beans. This was the first time I've ate a bunny and it won't be the last. The crisp green beans had a smoky flavor  which I thoroughly enjoyed. The mashed potatoes reminded m of my mother's. It still had the starchy texture of the potato instead of the soupy mashed potatoes which I usually don't care for. The best thing on the plate was the rabbit leg fried with panko breadcrumbs. The rabbit leg was tender and delicious. I think the meat tasted similar to a turkey leg but more tender and juicy. I liked the dish. The only thing that might take it to another level is some kind of sweet and tangy to balance the fattiness. I'd suggest raspberries or maybe even a cranberry sauce. I'd definitely come back if I am back in our capital city. The service was great. The waiter had a nice cheat sheet with him for the specials of the night.
We have now been here twice. It's officially in my top three places to eat. The atmosphere is great. We have eaten both inside and out. Service has been excellent both times. I had wine both visits .. Both delicious my wife had a custom cocktail which was very good. The food was outstanding. Great presentation and taste great. I look forward to eating my way through there menu. Plenty of street parking and a private lot in the back. This place just shouldn't be missed.
The Ginger Man menu features a notable variety of fare. My friend and I ordered a charcuterie plate, which was awesome: SO. MUCH. PROSCIUTTO. I would return to TGM solely for more charcuterie. I ordered a bouillabaisse, which I'd give a 7:10. The seafood was done right, though I thought the dish rather small for the price. Flavors were good, but not mind-blowing. The ambiance and decor is sweet and warm, but classy. I would definitely return to try more of the menu.
This place was the BOMB. I had just arrived to Albany and went through a series of awful traffic and parking conditions and somehow, with the race of the Food God, landed at this wonderful wonderful restaurant. I can't be happier. I ordered a terrific wine flight and I found my new love Rioja - just saying! And then started off with a Cajun Grilled Shrimp appetizer. This comes out with four jumbo delicious shrimp with a triangle slice of polenta and potato over a bed of arugula - to die for. Then I ordered the rabbit entree - deliciousness all around! I mean oh my goodness just fabulous! The rabbit was incredibly tender. The asparagus was cooked perfectly still with a nice crisp crunch and the potato fingerlings were savory and just enough! I also had a bowl of the New England Scallop Chowder and OMG this ish was DELISH! Normally chowder is full of cream and cream and oh wait.....cream! This one was legit. Full of chunks of scallop and other delicious ingredients and not even remotely horrifically creamy. It was perfect, seriously. I paired that with my second glass - a wonderful Malbec. I was so full I didn't even get to hit up the desserts but I don't care. I'm happy as hell and ill make sure I come back next time I'm in Albany ;)
There's tons of lobster mac and cheese, and at $14 for a more-than-reasonable lunch portion, it could be a fantastic deal. Unfortunately the lobster was overcooked, and the macaroni and cheese itself was flavorless. At least it looked good. The pheasant was OK---I think I'd lean more toward it being shit than not. The "sage apple butter" wasn't bad, but it couldn't really salvage the mostly-bland baconed-bird. The bacon also wasn't cooked very competently---the sogginess did not contribute positively to the dish. The fingerling potatoes side fit well with the rest of the dish, given that it was a tasteless chore to eat. At $28, it's in line with the rest of the mediocre garbage served in Albany The mussels appetizer rivaled Moscatiello's--if you're not familiar with them, that's not a good thing. With regard to the service, it matched the food. The mildly-abrasive waiter wasn't as knowledgable as you'd expect one to be at a restaurant pretending to be at such a high level of quality. The Ginger Man is just not that good. I recommend Aperitivo as a much superior restaurant at a similar price-point.
See Lakken C.'s review. Place seems really nice, nice staff, started with very good drink selection and everything went down hill from there. Had the calamari appetizer which the only thing good about it was the Asian dipping sauce which you could have gotten with a $5 crab rangoon dish anywhere else. I had the jalepeño chicken and my boyfriend had the prime rib special- Both were completely tasteless, super bland, could make better dishes at home in my crappy kitchen. Especially, for "jalepeño" chicken there was not even a hint of spiciness, or simply flavor at all. We liked our waiter which saved the day but for a $100 bill we both left completely dissatisfied and would only go back for "light" food like drinks and a salad- skip the entrees.
Went to the Ginger Man on a recommendation with some co-workers. To our surprise the jazz duet was awesome, the waitress engaged and very accommodating. The wine, appetizers and main entrees were top shelf. Very well crafted and presented. We would highly recommend this restaraunt to anyone.
LOVE LOVE LOVE it. Went here based off Yelp reviews and was definitely worth it.   I got lobster,  which was outstanding. Very quaint. Server was fabulous. Highly recommend this place. The name may throw you off but the Ginger Man is the bomb!
We held a committee meeting there one afternoon and they were so fantastic. Wonderful food and fantastic service.
The Ginger Man is one of my favorite spots in Albany for a special lunch. The atmosphere is perfect for an intimate gathering.
My experience is more of a culmination that I have come to the conclusion that I cannot get a steak cooked the way I want it in the Capital District. Unfortunately the Ginger Man was the final straw. I ordered the steak past-medium( which basically means med-well).The server not only repeated my request at order but stated that it would take a bit longer to cook. We were in no rush. As per every restaurant in past 2 years, it came out RAW. The one thing I hate doing is sending the plate back but I did. It still came out barely medium. To the restaurants credit, they did re-plate all the sides. I did not send back a 2nd time. As best as I could tell, the place was not that busy where it was frantic in the kitchen. My fiancé's meal was very good, the ambiance is very nice and the service was excellent. They did take a drink off the bill which we did not ask them to do. I would recommend the Ginger Man. They have very unique menu selections. I just can't get my steak cooked correctly anywhere in this area.
So, I will start out by saying that my boyfriend and I decided to go here because we had a capital city dining card which gave us ten dollars off and that was convenient because we had been curious about this establishment for a while. My first impression of this restaurant was great. The staff was friendly, it was well decorated, and the bar was enormous. However, the food failed to live up to the restaurants deceptive appearance. We both got items that were considered "specialties" so, one would think that they would taste good. Wrong. I had the lobster mac and cheese and my boyfriend had the ginger man paella. They were both by far the most bland dishes I've ever tasted. We both had drinks and the bill came to about 74 dollars and for that price I would expect that the food be decent, but I could have made better pasta out of a box of velveta. This restaurant is also in the student ghetto, which I believe is where it belongs.
What is not I love about the Gingerman? The food, ambiance, and service is impeccable. I love that the water is purified and comes in a neat bottle. I've never had a bad meal here. The cheese fondue is to die for, the cheese board is great, and the lobster Mac n cheese is reserved for many cheat days. The specials are on the chalk board and the waiters list them to you. The waitstaff are all knowledgeable and attentive. I lucked out with living social deals twice. Great for girls night out or date night. My mom and I enjoy coming here. Make a reservation Thursday-Saturday. Bottom line-go!!!!
Simply good: Friendly staff, fast service and excellent food. I ordered Ginger Man Paella and stuffed mushrooms from lunch menu, love them very much.
I have literally been going to this joint since it opened and I was living in the downtown dorms at SUNY back in nineteen eight-----cough cough..yea i am old. It has come a LONG ways since the days of french dip and chocolate mousse (my first meal there)...and the smoked trout...OH THE SMOKED TROUT.  I have had 25 years of good mouth watering dreams about that DAMNED SMOKED TROUT!!!!   I don't know why I forget about this place...could be because it is located in the heart of SUNY Albany's riot ridden, half drunk, ridiculously loud and insanely demented Student Ghetto (I have every right to say this having lived in the heart of it 25 years ago).  But once you get past that..this place is a GEM.   I have never had a bad meal...its always changing..the wine list is great..service is impeccable and its just the perfect place for a nice romantic dinner or a gathering of good close friends. This is one of the best fine dinning places in Albany...and it is always packed with a crowd completely unreflected of what surrounds it!  The problem with this joint is...once you start eating you start ordering more food and drink.  Appetizers, entrees, desserts, chesses, wines by the bottle and one hell of a bill but OH SO WORTH IT.   Like a sultry rendez-vous its sits on your palette, it teases the senses, it satisfies and it makes you want one more just like it...and it always delivers!
This place is an Albany gem. The fruit and cheese board is amazing, it's always fresh and gorgeous (perfect to share with a date or a group). I have had lots of entrees and salads from their menu but the one I ALWAYS go back to is the lobster roll. The chunks of lobster are large and tender, and it's not ruined by mayonnaise! They give you a chive butter sauce on the side so you can dip, or drizzle on your sandwich. The chocolate fondue for dessert is always a hit, but pretty standard as chocolate fondues go. Their beer and wine selections are extensive. The best part about this place is the atmosphere. There's lots of exposed wood, a brick wall, and a beautiful bar. It's pretty small so I'd recommend reservations if you're going on a weekend evening. Follow up review: Just went back to Gingerman and had the cheese fondue which was fantastic, and the lobster mac & cheese (as you can see I'm a lobster fanatic). The mac & cheese portion was huge and there were big chuncks of lobster in it. My mom is also a fan of the lobster roll, which is no longer listed on their menu, but she asked if they would make one for her and they did. So there's still hope if you're a lobster roll fan!  One thing that I wasn't impressed with was the calamari appetizer. It came with a cocktail sauce and the calamari wasn't fried as much as I typically like. (I would pass on that).
I LOVE The Ginger Man. I live across the street so whenever I feel like eating really great food I end up here. They have great vegetarian options; most recently I had the cauliflower "steak" frites and it was probably the most delicious cauliflower I've ever had. Some other favorites include the fried eggplant, risotto croquets,  fried artichoke hearts, and cheese fondue (YUMMMMM!), Guinness chocolate cake and the bread pudding. They also serve a daily cheesecake from Albany's own Cheesecake Machismo so major kudos for that! My boyfriend recently had their Elk Wellington special and I did not stop hearing about how amazing it was for the next few days to follow. Every time I ask him what he wants to eat the answer is The Ginger Man's Elk Wellington. Great Wine selection too!
If not for you yelpers, I would miss out on so many great finds. The Ginger Man has, for sure, made it on to my list of favorites! Thank you so much! (This is a 4.5 star review, but I felt they were worthy of the bump up rather than down.) Saturday, my husband returned home from four months away, and I wanted to make his homecoming special. I took him to The Ginger Man. I could tell from the menu and the reviews that he would love it, and while they did not have a specifically gluten-free menu, there were items I could order; so I deemed it to be the perfect fit and made reservations. I am thankful other yelpers mentioned the parking in back so that I would remember to look for it. The little alley to the left of the restaurant (when facing it) was easy to miss, but once found, led to an amazing amount of parking! yay! :) There were some diners outside (I LOVE outside dining, but since hubby isn't a fan, and this was his big homecoming, I made our reservations inside), and the atmosphere was very comfortable. The host had gauged ears but otherwise looked professional, and he seated us promptly at a very nice table by the window. This area of the restaurant had a very cool vibe to it. The walls were brick and covered in pictures of Scottish poets. I told my husband that they had a large beer, wine, and scotch selection, and he got very excited to peruse those listings. He ordered the trip around Scotland. I couldn't tell you which three he ordered, because I despise Scotch and take no interest in any of them (which one tastes more line Bandaids than the other?), but he was thrilled. He expected that he'd get a shot glass of each, but they came out in large glasses that appeared to each contain two ounces. Wow! It's a good thing I was driving! Our server brought bread, and my husband said that it tasted homemade. Our appetizer was the charcuterie platter. The menu listed seven delicious items on this platter, but our server told us we could only order three. (I see now that the online menu says to pick three, but the in-person menu did not, and that was a little disappointing.) I had to be careful with fat content, because until I get my gallbladder out next week, high fat causes far too much pain; so we got the salmon, trout, and for him, the truffled mousse pate'. It was all very delicious. It came with a special cheese blend that I cautiously tasted (I am not supposed to eat dairy, but I couldn't resist), and it was incredible! The texture was soft but crumbly, and there was the perfect amount of horseradish in for a perfect flavor to balance our meat choices. It was also decorated with capers, cornichons, and something that looked like small, green figs and tasted almost like green olives. **After reading my review, my husband says that he saw on the menu where it said to pick 3, so maybe my ADHD just blinded me to it? I swear I never saw it even when I looked for it.** For dinner, he got the duck two ways, and I got the swordfish special. (When I asked our server if the swordfish was fresh or if it had ever been frozen, she said that they actually get the whole fish in there and cut it up in-house!) My swordfish could not have been any more perfect. The chef was a little worried about making it without butter in the sauce, but I did not miss it even a little bit! They roasted my swordfish (although without the fat, it really looked poached) and covered it with a delicious citrus sauce (that was really fantastic without the butter it was supposed to come with). I am not exaggerating even a little when I tell you that my swordfish actually melted in my mouth! (I hear that expression often, but this was a case when it was reality and not just an expression.) The flavors were spot on, and I could not have been more pleased. My husband's duck came out cooked to perfection! The fat was fully rendered, the skin nice and crispy, and the meat rare. He went nuts over how delicious the comfit was, but he said that the sauce that came with it didn't really go. I took a small taste and thought it was pretty good, but a raspberry sauce would have been so much nicer. For dessert, I got the sorbet, and he got the panna catta. I took a small taste of his pana cata, and all I can say is that it tasted like gelatinized sweet cappuccino. I wasn't a fan, but he loved it. My sorbet was seriously over sweetened. I do not generally eat much processed sugar, so I can really taste it when it is added to something, and I much rather prefer sorbet to be just the fruit. While this was raspberry and might have been too tart that way, somebody was overzealous in the sweetening. I couldn't finish it. Despite the sorbet, I am definitely a fan of The Ginger Man and will be going back, for sure! This is easily my favorite restaurant in Albany now.
I don't know that my review will really add anything to what others have already said, but I can echo their restraints.  The Ginger Man has delicious food, an excellent wine list and a nice ambiance!  We dined there with friends this week after not having been in years and the meal was fabulous.  Being a vegetarian, I went with the portobello panini and a salad and it was top-notch.  I chose the chickpeas as my side with the sandwich and they were delicious, but after trying one of my boyfriend's french fries, I think I made the wrong choice.  What perfect fries - thickly cut, prefectly fried, not too greasy.  Yum!!   I also love that The Ginger Man offers flights of wine (you can choose three 3oz. glasses), as I am just getting into wine, so I am really into trying different kinds right now.  We even got dessert, which is a rare treat, because I had to try the fondue for two.  The fondue and dippers were delicious and there was SO much, you could easily share it with a third person.   After thoroughly enjoying our evening, we left thinking of the next time when we can go back to try some of the interesting sounding appetizers and knowing that this place will become part of our regular rotation.
It makes me sad that I've never been to the Ginger Man until now.  Either someone must've done a good job keeping this place a secret, or I haven't been doing my homework when it comes to finding restaurants.  Think of all those dinners I could have had.  The meats and cheese I could have been eating. I suppose I'm going to have to make up for that lost time starting now, because the Ginger Man might be my new favorite restaurant in the area.  I started with fried manchego wedges, which, in the grand tradition of making junk food fancier, is like mozzarella sticks on deliciousness steroids.  They come with a tapenade and tomato sauce on top, and they're really, really, really good. Went with a lighter plate for an entrée.  I had a duck stew with white beans.  I can't remember what else went into it because it's not on their online menu right now, but it was good.  Someone else had the duck two-ways, which I tried, but I liked the taste of the duck in the stew better.  Also, the lobster mac & cheese?  Holey moley.  There was four whole claws in that thing.  Two lobsters died to make that dish! For dessert, we split the pistachio baklava with honey and vanilla ice cream. Also, really good.  Add to this the good selection of reasonably priced beer and wine, and this place is a real winner.  If a second visit goes as well as the first, I will upgrade their rating to 5 Stars.
After reading all the good reviews of The Ginger Man I decided to give it a shot. The restaurant is located near St. Rose and the downtown SUNY Albany campus, but you are unlikely to find many students here due to the prices, which for some of us is probably a good thing. I was happy to find that the Ginger Man has its own private lot for parking, always a plus in Albany. The restaurant offers "high" tables, bar, and regular table seating. It is broken into two sections, the front one houses the bar. I was pleased to sit in the quiet and secluded room in the rear of the establishment. The room was decorated with various framed posters of Irish writers. It had a warm and homey feel. The tables were nicely separated for privacy and the noise even upon full occupancy was to a minimum. The only thing out of place was the music that switched from nice jazzy numbers to some random 70s music. I had heard about the Ginger Man's extensive wine selection and was tickled to find many wines offered not only by the glass, but by a 3 oz. "taste" as well as "flights". I tried the sweet tooth flight, which was three 3 oz. servings of white wines: one from a local NY vineyard, one from Oregon, and another from France. All three were splendid and offered a unique taste, none of them were overly sweet. I would say the wine is priced competitively, most glasses ranging from $6.50-9.00. For an entree my dining companion and I were set on splitting the paella for two. I was looking forward to trying a charcuterie platter, but the waitress was honest enough to warn that it would probably be too much food, so we skipped it. The paella consisted of a good mixture of shrimp, clams, calamari, chicken, and sausage served in saffron rice. All of the meat including the clams was cooked perfectly, flavorful, and tender. The quality of the ingredients was superb. For $39 for a giant plate of food for two, I highly recommend it! We each finished off the meal with crème brûlée that was equally delicious. The service was impeccable. Our waitress was friendly and prompt, not to mention receiving the bonus points for being honest about ordering too much food. I really have nothing bad to say, it was a five star experience. The Ginger Man offers upscale food in a comfortable atmosphere that can appeal to young and old alike. The prices are pretty hefty, but it is well worth it for a nice night out and a perfect meal.
My wife took me here for a romantic dinner after i returned from my 4.5 month externship. Scotch offerings - off the hook ***** Charcuterie plate *** Duck 2 ways *** (sauce -1 star) Service *** Ambiance*** Wife had Swordfish - melted in her mouth **** I will definitely be going back and recommend this place whole-heartedly. Amazing that food this good is from the neighborhood it was surrounded by.  You cant judge a book by its cover!!  GO!!
I've been going here since they opened. I ate here more regularly when I worked nearby and probably would have only given it 4 stars.  But since Chef Brian arrived the food has been brought up another notch. Most recently I attended a Harpoon beer pairing dinner.  I had been looking forward to this event because it had been at least a year since the last time they did a beer pairing - that one was with Brooklyn beers. For this recent pairing the first course was an oxtail and foie gras terrine with crostini -delicious - with Harpoon's Munich Dark. Second course was baby arugula, salmon tartare, poached quail egg, parmesan crisps, red onion, and herbed buttermilk dressing in a bacon bowl paired with Harpoon's Belgian Pale Ale.  That bacon bowl was a real treat and the pairing choice was excellent. Third course was chile garlic prawns with ginger cilantro vinaigrette and fresh mango paired with an un-filtered hefeweizen.  The prawns were outstanding and HUGE!  This should be a regular appetizer on the menu. Fourth course was ancho rubbed bison tenderloin with maple butternut squash and potato pave paired with Harpoon's Leviathan series Barleywine.  The 10% abv on this beer was the perfect companion for the bison, although I could have enjoyed a bit stronger ancho flavor. Finally, the fifth course was a tarte tatin - caramelized apples with puffed pastry.  It was paired with Harpoon's Winter Warmer.  An excellent choice for this time of year and another perfect combination of food and beverage.  The spiced ale nicely complimented the caramelized apples. I'm looking forward to the next pairing that the Ginger Man does.  They also have done wine pairings in the past.  I attended one of those and would highly recommend them.
Went here to get everyone together prior to a bachelor party. We had called ahead and gotten a reservation for 11 people. They were very accomodating and didnt have a problem with people trickling in etc. The place looks "interesting" from the outside. Some of the guys were a little hesitant from the looks of it from the street. (no one was local). Once inside, all cocerns were evaporated. It is pretty cool inside. There are tons of great beers on tap and the food was delicious. I had the lobster mac and cheese. It was really good. We had calamari that was amazing too. Everyone drank and ate very well. The bill was pretty nasty, but everyone had a good time. The waiter took a big gamble and didnt add gratuity. I was pretty surprised by that. I would go again and would recomend to others. FYI Parking is really tough to get, but they have a lot behind the building. Good to know.
Four people take a shower in a span of one hour.  You are the last to go.  It's the middle of winter and there is no hot water left.  What do you do?   Shower option:  I hope you like cold showers. Imagine that feeling for a second.  it's the same exact feeling when you order a steak and it's not cooked right the first time.   Steak option:  Eat the steak, It's not coming back to life. My NY Strip was ordered medium.  It arrived overcooked and cold.  Do you find it embarrassing to send back food?  I do.  For my first time ever, I was that guy.  All I wanted was some warmth rising from my steak.  Unless a new steak was prepared, steak eaters can agree, it is beyond repair.  There it was, returned to me, well done and black. Meanwhile, my date is struggling to eat her Ahi Tuna.  I take a bite.  For both dishes, we were not in flavor country!  Ginger Man - what the heck?  I rarely adventure into entree land.  This was a special occasion, damnit! Phew, I'm glad that's off my chest.  It's "tough" to communicate a negative experience about a place you enjoy so greatly.  The Ginger Man is one of the only Capital Region restaurants I consistently recommend to friends.  The atmosphere is unique to Albany.  It appeals to the cheese and wine connoisseur, has options for the beer drinkers too, and the menu has variety for all palates.  For lunch, the ham sandwich with asparagus, topped with an over easy egg and hollandaise sauce is brilliant!  Just checked the lunch menu...where did  it go? Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Don't worry Ginger Man, you're still a go-to place in Albany, and I'll continue recommending you to friends.  Next time, I'll keep it simple and stick to the pub food and cheese fondue.
My girlfriend and I celebrated our anniversary 2 nights ago at The Ginger Man. I had never been there, and I had always wanted to check it out. We were not disappointed. Food: The bread + olive oil they put out before you order was really good. I got a 20oz hefeweizen, and she got a glass of wine. Both very reasonably priced. We ordered the risotto crochettes for our appetizer. These perfectly fried balls of creamy risotto and cheese sitting in a delicious combination of some sort of cream sauce and basil oil were pretty much amazing. I wanted to lick the freakin plate. I only wish they served more than three of them! They were, however, worth more than the $7.00 charge. We are both poor graduate students at SUNY Albany, so we ordered from the "Lighter Fare" menu. She got the chicken sandwich. Doesn't sound all that exciting, but it was really good. I got the steak sandwich with mashed potatoes. Both very tasty. The steak was cooked nicely, and the fresh mozzarella was gooey and delicious. They leave some of the skin on the mashed potatoes too, which I enjoy. We wanted to try dessert, but we were both so stuffed! We'll be back sometime to order some dessert and splurge on the more pricey dishes. Service: Our server was Joe F. He was super friendly and attentive. No complaints on service.
Went here for the 2nd time tonight, even better than the first time! Had the risotto croquettes as an appetizer ... it was like heaven in your mouth. I had the Hazelnut Chicken which was awesome as well. Once again, excellent waitstaff. I'll definitely be back!
YUM. I wasn't expecting much from the Ginger Man but I must say, I was pretty impressed. The beer selection was pretty good.  I went for the Paulaner's hefeweizen and it was a great choice. The tuna tacos were good.. they were in caramalized shells.  I decided to crush them up and eat them that way.  Still awesome.  The salad with goat cheese was also good.  Probably could have used more dressing.  My friend got the lobster mac and cheese.. I tried a noodle and it was great.   Overall, everything I tried here was delicious and I'd come back again.
For some reason, when I think about good restaurants in the area, I tend to forget about the Ginger Man. And that's a shame, because it's a great place. Most recently, I was there on a Saturday night earlier this month with a bunch of friends for a late night dinner.  Two of my friends got the wine flights, which were sort of fun. I had a delicious salad with goat cheese, roasted beets, greens and grilled asparagus. The hazelnut-crusted fried goat cheese was huge and delicious! I had to force myself to stop eating it because it was so good but I was so full. My steamed littleneck clams with garlic butter were also delicious, although I was annoyed that instead of getting a full dozen, I got 11 open clams and one that failed to open. I think serving an unopened clam is kind of a faux pas. Another friend had the lobster mac and cheese and he said it was absolutely amazing. The group also shared : -the Fried Calamari -Asiago Parmesan Truffle Cheese Fondue -Port Poached Pears and Brie All received rave reviews. Our waiter was also extremely friendly and attentive. My main complaint was that I had my heart set on creme brulee and they ran out. It's not cheap, but good food is something I'm willing to pay for. The ambience is also really nice and the wine list is definitely a good one.
Summary- Gingerman delivers again. It's pretty hard to find fault in this place. They just know what they are doing. Food- 4.5 Stars Everything that came to the table was awesome. Apps- Zucchini fries and fried oysters, both awesome but I could have eaten about 200 of the fried oysters. Great breading, perfectly fried. Dinners- Wifey got duck sliders, they were excellent. I got the special Osso Bucco, it was excellent as well. Just all around delicious. Desert- I fear this may not be Gingerman's forte. My wife's mixed berry tart wasn't really a tart, which was kinda disappointing. Service- 4 Stars Very good if not a little distracted by talking with co-workers about whatever. Atmosphere- 4 Stars It's a nice place inside, comfy, not too loud. Nice outdoor patio too. Value- 4.5 Stars Not cheap, but excellent food and good sized portions. Drinks- 5 Stars Great selection of beers and a decent wine menu with glass/bottle specials
I already loved The Ginger Man, and after my amazing lunch visit I will be back whenever possible. For starters, it was my birthday. I am "that girl" and announced it as soon as we walked in the door, because birthdays are exciting.  Our server Joe was THE BEST, making sure everything was timed perfectly, prepared to our liking, and spent just enough time at our table to be completely attentive without hovering. Service was top-notch.  Food was great.  Drinks were excellent.  Joe gave our lunch date the rest of the martini left in the mixer as a sidecar, which made us all feel special for the extra bit of attention. I could rave all day; however, I will close by saying that I will be back, it's absolutely worth a visit, and I'm glad this place has become an Albany landmark.
My boyfriend and I split the cheese fondue and steak entree. Both were delicious and we were very impressed. The menu is on the smaller side, but we weren't disappointed because everything tasted amazing. Very nice quiet environment the night we were there. I highly recommend if you're in the Albany area!
From foofy & fern to fine food and fun. Now I don't know it for a fact, because back then I never ate there, but when Ginger Man opened back in the eighties it came off as some fancy pants wine bar, the fancy fern bookend to the flatulent WT, just down the street.   Lunch recently proved otherwise.  To be sure, it is a wine bar, with hundreds of wines including 75 by the glass, with a Cruvinet dispensing system to allow you to try one tasty glass of that ridiculously overpriced wine you can't possibly justify a bottle of.  It also sports a full bar, and a surprisingly adventurous menu.  Open for lunch and dinner daily, the daily specials alone made a menu in itself. I had a tasty crab cake sandwich with intriguing sauce, arrayed on a fresh-baked square of spiced pita-like Focaccia bread.   The Kobe burger looked excellent, and though I did not see it at first, they have Lobster Rolls too.  And a Lobster Mac & Cheese!  That's a New England Fusion dish if I ever saw one. There is a small patio out front, and a pleasant dining space inside.  Service was attentive, professional and friendly.  I'm kind of sorry I spent all my time cavorting with the beer drinkers at the Washington Tavern just up the street.  I could have used a good meal and good service, something WT never had back then.
I've been here twice now, and it's been a great experience each time. The first time it was crowded with a wait of about 30-45 minutes. It's okay - they have a full service bar staffed with friendly bartenders. The second time was a Monday night, and it was pretty mellow for a 7pm dinner. The restaurant is located in the middle of a semi-residential area in a college part of town. However with their prices, you won't see a whole lot of college students here. It has a relaxing, kickback vibe for adults who want a enjoy a nice glass of wine with a tasty dinner. I've had their Lobster Maine Roll and their paella. The Lobster Maine Roll wasn't the lobster meat chunks with mayo as I expected, but it was delicious. Straight lobster meat with butter on a roll which soaked up the butter. Just a tad too much butter for my liking. Their paella was a huge portion of saffron rice (mostly) with clams, calamari, shrimp, chicken, and chorizo. All very yummy. Service was excellent - friendly and informative. I asked her how their special olive oil/balsamic vinegar mixture that was served with the bread was made, and she knew all the ingredients, and then some. She also knew her wine. 5 stars for the waitress. Overall, Ginger Man is a great place if you want to spend just a little bit of extra money for dinner, but not necessarily an anniversary spot.
Driving up and down Western you could definitely miss this place plus the parking is in the back. There is outdoor seating and when you walk into the place there are pub style tables and chairs as well as your usuals. It isn't a big place but it has a good sized bar and wine menu. My brother and I came here for lunch and were pleasantly surprised. For those that love heavy sauces and huge kicks DO NOT come here. The best thing about the food here is that they carefully cook and blend ingredients together and seem to add as little extra as possible. As a result, the veggies, carbs, and meat bring out each others flavors without too much subjugation by excess salt, etc. Our meal tasted fresh.  While the seafood I had was cooked well and not overdone, unfortunately, my brother's chicken was way too dry. Also, my rice was a bit dry as well. Although the mixture and overall flavors of our meal were good, the dry meat and rice hurt the experience. However, I would for sure be willing to give the place another shot.
I've only been here once and it was a while ago but it was a delicious experience.  It's a good date atmposhpere (it didn't work out with her but I don't blame The Ginger Man).  We had calamari and I had steak and liked both. The place is kinda tucked away but definitely worth trying if you haven't yet already.
I had the pleasure of eating here during UAlbany Alumni weekend.  This place lived up to the positive reviews. We loved the cozy atmosphere and the food was excellent. We ordered the lobster mac and cheese and cheese fondue. Both were delicious. The service was excellent. We loved our waitress, Rachel. A beautiful and great person who was all over us with service. Barely any wait time for food. We will be back!
So glad I decided to try this place out over the weekend while working in Albany.   The food was great (went with the Short Rib Empanadas and the Lobster Mac & Cheese).    Definitely will be heading back soon to try the Paella and the Short Ribs with Lobster & Chorizo stuffed peppers. The draft list was fairly pedestrian, though I cannot complain too loudly with bottles of Brooklyn Local Option 1 available (a little taste of home).  Will also have to try out the Martini list in the future.
I love bars with little nooks and crannies.  The Ginger Man's bar is complex, with corner after corner to hide in. I love bars with lots of well polished wood.  The Ginger Man's bar is made of the stuff! I love bars with interesting people.  The crowd mixes lawyer types, students on nice dates, and young professionals eyeing each other. I love bars with good beer lists.  Well done, Ginger Man. Oddly, I really like bars named "The Ginger Man."  Across the country, it seems to be a winner of a name.
I found this place through a LivingSocial deal and man am I happy I did! This place is fantastic!! My fiancée and I got the zucchini fries and the cheese fondue for appetizers and I could eat those both as my meal. The Zucchini was flavorful and cooked perfectly and the cheese fondue (Irish cheese with Guinness, yum!) was absolutely delicious, especially with the garlic bread that came with it. For the entree, I got the half-plate of the paella and she got the half-plate of the lobster mac-and-cheese. First off, the half dishes are absolutely huge and are more than enough for one person. My paella was good and very flavorful, but the shrimp and clams were a bit tough. Her lobster mac-and-cheese was amazing and she got an entire claw in it! For dessert, we got the homemade ice cream, which was wildberry and was also delicious. Overall, this place is fantastic and the meals are soooooo tasty. Combine that with very reasonable prices and you have yourself a great place to go to in Albany.
Highly recommended. This is the best eatery in the Capital District. I simply adored the Paella and the Lobster Mac & Cheese. The only negative was that the dipping oil was of seemingly inferior quality, barely infused with rosemary.
My wife and I went there 7/16/12. We were a little skeptical given the place is outside the downtown area and many restaurants were closed on Monday. We had an excellent meal coupled with friendly/honest service from our server Jeremy. We ordered the Crochette as an appetizer which was excellent. For an entrees we had 1/2 portions ea of the Paella and Lobster Mac N Cheese. These may have been 1/2 portions for Joey Cheswick but they were huge...easily a complete meal in and of themselves. Jeremy confirmed before hand that these two dishes are their largest portions and he wasn't kidding. Both were excellent and are highly recommended. We shared a dessert of the carrot/cheesecake combo which was great. That and a bottle of Prosecco rounded out a memorable dinner. Highly recommended
I love love love the cheese fondue! The lobster mac and cheese is fantastic, and I could probably eat myself silly on it. We'll be back! :)
A knockout evening. Like Jess X, going to the Ginger Man usually comes to mind after we've entered another restaurant, but this time we remembered. We hadn't been here in years and had no expectations. And I forgot to check here for commentary. Other than the cheese board (stilton, yay), we had the evening's special appetizers and entree from the menu, proudly presented by an affable waiter: lightly fried oysters on an arugula and roasted pepper salad drizzled with a very nice remoulade, a paella for two with the unanticipated surprise of lobster added to it. Minor quibble: A little too much saffron in the dish. Saffron should be like a quiet pearl necklace, not dozens of gold chains. Rox and I enjoyed our entree so much that I can't entirely recall what our friends had. They enjoyed their entrees so much that they probably can't recall ours, either.
I am not from Albany but I used Yelp to find a nice dinner place for my girlfriend and I who were in Albany for a wedding and the reviewers of Yelp did not disappoint...The Ginger Man was great... We didn't have a reservation and went in on Saturday night around 8 p.m. The hostess told us we could wait about 20 minutes or sit at the bar. We chose the latter as we were hungry. I had the french onion soup and the mini kobe burgers while my girlfriend had the warm goat cheese & berries salad and the angel hair pasta. I was really impressed with all the food and they had a great wine selection. The atmosphere of the restaurant was great. If I lived in Albany, this would be one of my regular spots.
I had a flawless and romantic dinner. The food was delicious, with appropriate portions. I had the Risotto Crochettes, Lobster mac n cheese, and shared the creme brûlée for dessert. My boyfriend had the Vegetarian Sausages and loved it. The server was very sweet and gave the restaurant a very warm and comfortable atmosphere.
Yes! I finally went on Valentine's Day. I believe it was a special menu with some of the regular items. Wow. The food was tremendous. My halibut was cooked perfectly and served at the perfect temp. My guest ordered the rack of lamb - also cooked perfectly. Both were juicy and full of flavor. Both of our dishes came with potatoes au gratin. Well cooked and delicious. The grilled asparagus that accompanied my halibut was spot on. I am not sure how ... but they served perfect dishes. The chef and line cooks know what's up here. Service-wise, the waitstaff just right-- relaxed, attentive.
If ever there were a place to write a novel while sipping on an endless glass of dry red wine, this would be it! The Ginger Man'a dim lighting, extensive-enough wine list, and (Irish) literary works along the walls just call for it! I ate at The Ginger Man for the first time after visiting it for a drink and a conversation a handful of years ago.  I came with two friends on a Monday, late evening. The patio was full and the restaurant inside was fairly crowded. We had reservations and I would recommend that. I ordered a glass of Circa pino Grigio ($7).  We opted out of appetizers, but we each served one roll and a small dish of rosemary-infused olive oil.  For the entree, I chose the steak salad ($15.95).  I ordered the steak medium and it was closer to medium well. I didn't mind that much, but what I did mind was that the steak tasted either very under seasoned or not at all seasoned.  The salad was lightly dressed with a red wine vinaigrette. The dressing was very earthy and mirrored the earthy, hearty flavor of the crispy beet chips. While the crumbled bleu cheese added a bright creaminess to the salad, I felt it could really do well with something else to enhance and break up the flavors...perhaps a squeeze of lemon? I felt that the deep, root vegetable-esque flavor that was repeated in the dressing, meat, and beet chips made the dish a little flat.  While there were certainly several textures ( to keep the salad interesting, the overall flavors did not keep me excited. The salad itself was of ample size and I did not walk Away wanting more food.  For the price and taste, I would not choose the steak salad again. However, I would come back to the ginger man.  Our waiter was nice enough and I thought the place had a good vibe to it. Don't be put off by the neighborhood. Sure, it is in the heart of the "student ghetto," but (having gone to a local college a few years back) the college kids generally keep to Professor Barley's across the street and dp dough. Although I don't recommend walking alone at night, there is a back lot, the streets are well-lit and I have not ever felt unsafe in this area.
Meh. I went here on a colleague's recommendation and found the entire experience underwhelming. The food is good and the staff is friendly, but there are several restaurants in the area that offer more exciting cuisine and a better atmosphere for about the same price. Parking in the back and attempting not to get hit by a car on your walk to the front of the restaurant is also a challenge.
I've had many great meals at The Ginger Man.  This very good, charming restaurant is not only great for Albany standards but you can lift it up and plop it down most places and it's still a mighty fine restaurant.  As I no longer live in Albany I feel that I could be the pitchman on a television commercial for this restaurant -- "When I'm in Albany, I always make sure to eat at The Ginger Man.  It's awesomeriffic!" _C$
Very disappointed!  I thought the food was going to be way better than it was.   I'd heard such great things... didn't live up to my expectations.  However, great drinks and great service! I really enjoyed the atmosphere inside and out!
One of the places I miss most after leaving Albany. Cozy, comfortable little space with superb service, great cocktails and an exciting menu. You must try the fondu!
This is an attractive restaurant with handsome waitresses who are equally interested in their social life with each other and serving patrons.  We ordered two wine flights, the paella and a halibut special.  Each was good, none was excellent.  Three of the wines were tired and short on fruit(reds).  It was Friday two days after the 4th and I'll guess that they hadn't served much wine in three days.  But, that not a reason to serve it today.  If you have a holiday and the wine's shot, toss it, not serve it. The Paella was spiced with cayenne and paprika with little saffron.  Otherwise, it lacked olives.  The halibut was short on spicing, yet good overall. A nice place, but don't expect wine bar food even at $70 lunch for 2.  Now that I think of it Yono's a much better value for the money.
GREAT atmosphere!!  Lovely restaurant with some really great specials featured nightly.  The lobster Mac n' cheese was superb. Unless you are REALLY REALLY hungry, order the smaller portions! You will be more than satisfied! Tracey, Hbg., PA
Wow! Visiting Albany for business and get treated to this gem! Shared appetizers, dinner and desserts with coworkers. So we covered a large portion of the menu and there was not a mediocre bite. One of us even played chef's roulette and was treated to an ambrosial rendition of Osso Bucco. Ole ! Thanks Yelp - Picked it based on the reviews in Yelp, even the locals hadn't heard about it yet.
Being new to this city and from one with thousands of choices on where to eat, I wasn't sure how I felt about our prospects for the rainy, cold Saturday night.   I had decided, based on reading their menu online, I wanted to make The Ginger Man my birthday dinner spot, but I got that meal one week early and how lucky for me!  My boyfriend and I strolled in around 8:30 to a full house.  Lucky for us there was a great table by the window just waiting for us.  Well not really since we didn't have reservations but the hostess was very accommodating and sat us right away. Being that both my boyfriend and I are vegetarians, we saw our choices were fairly limited.  The only bad thing I can say about this place is there aren't many veggie friendly options.  So we decided on the Portobello Panini and the Dionysus Salad.  We also ordered a bottle of Montevina Zinfandel which was very reasonably priced.  I found their wine selection to be better than most restaurants.  And although we didn't sample them this time, we really appreciated the wine and beer flights they have to offer. Where to begin....how about with the great warm bread served almost immediately.  The herbed butter really made it unique.  Our server was a real trooper, just days before having his wisdom teeth pulled and already back to work.  He was attentive, warm and took time out of what I'm sure was a busy night for him, to make conversation with us.   The Dionysus salad was AMAZING!!!  Served over a bed of fresh Romaine lettuce, it included fresh Mozzarella balls, artichokes, Kalamata olives, oven roasted tomatoes and something called peppadews, which I had never had.  Our server described them as small pickled peppers that are sweet at first then finish with a bit of a zip and kick.  They were great and you can't forget the herb pecan pesto crostinis.  The pesto was out of this world.  I can only imagine it with pasta or tossed with roasted veggies.  It was nutty and thick, yet smooth and not oily like many can be.  The salad is in a Balsamic which is also perfectly balanced and not at all overpowering. Next came the Panini.  Being a vegetarian, Panini's can be the norm for many meals out, but this one was something special.  We actually filled up so much on this huge salad; we saved the Panini for another meal.  It included roasted red peppers, grilled Portabellas, provolone and a pesto aioli on ciabatta bread.  We chose the fries and I suggest you do the same.  We've all had fries before but these were near perfection.  They were warm, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  They're almost like steak fries but maybe a little smaller.   Although we were beyond full, we decided since my boyfriend had never had a dessert fondue, we'd make room for some somewhere.   Being a fan of dark chocolate, our fondue was just what I needed.  It comes piping hot with a beautiful assortment of goodies to dip.  Strawberries, pineapple, bananas, marshmallows and pound cake are beautifully assorted on a plate drizzled with more chocolate syrup, whipped cream and what I believe was banana pudding.  After nearly licking the plate clean, we polished off our dessert and rolled out into the rainy night.  After deciding this would be the place where we bring out of town guests, we're already anxiously awaiting our next visit to the amazingly delicious Ginger Man.
I went to the Ginger Man the other weekend with some friends for a girls night out. It left having an overall good experience, but I wasn't overly impressed. Prices are a bit on the higher side but still very reasonable. I can be quite a fussy eater and I did find a few things on the menu that I would have been content eating. That being said, there was a lot more that I would not eat. Kudos for them for having such a unique menu though! One thing that was greatly enjoyed everyone in the group was the fruit and cheese board!! Everything was nice, fresh and great! Our waitress started out attentive but seemed to disappear as the meal went on. It took a very long time to get our check. We were also seated in the front section of the restaurant, and while the seating was close and intimate, it felt a little too close to our neighboring tables. Would I go back? Maybe. Just for the fruit and cheese.
The Ginger Man is a wonderful restaurant, and our go-to when we're waffling on dining options.  Reliably tasty in a great atmosphere. We've been to The Ginger Man many times now, and have had excellent meals on almost every occasion.  It's a little on the pricey side, but not ridiculous; reasonable for a date night.  The food is fresh, prepared well, and with care (nothing ever seems to be slopped onto a plate). The service is very nice and helpful, but it usually takes somewhere around forever to get what you've ordered.  We like stretching out our meals, so it's more of a leisurely pace than a problem for us, but be careful if you're in a rush.  You can dress up to go here, but I've walked in wearing jeans and a sweater and been totally comfortable. The wine flights are fun and interesting for me (who knows nothing about wine), and I almost always order the specials (when I'm not sucking down mussels, which are a favorite).  They also have a decent beer list.
Ginger Man was pretty good - but not up to par with their prices. I guess I have high expectations - similar places in my hometown (Atlanta) are just better. Similar places in Albany though are also better. This was fine, but for how expensive it is fine is not good enough. I got the crab mac and cheese and it was just meh. Not a lot of flavor. I also had the french onion soup - again just meh. The wine selection was pretty good, and the dessert that my friends had was also pretty good. Since I travel a lot to Albany for work, I may go back again, but it's probably not on the top of my list.
I've been coming here for the past few years for St. Patrick's Day and am never disappointed! Though a bit pricey for a college student, the portions are quite large and the food is delicious. The atmosphere is a bit noisy when crowded so I wouldn't recommend it for a date but it's nice and cozy inside! If you go on St. Patty's Day, make sure you get the colcannon as well as the mussels for an appetizer! Also - make sure you make a reservation as they tend to get busy!
Stopped in for desserts and drinks, and ooo-wee was I happy as can be! This place is great for a girls night or to impress your date with their creative menu and awesome staff. What a hidden gem - definitely classy despite being in the undergrad area. The crowd was mostly older, too!
Hands down one of my fav places to eat ! The Guinness cheese fondue, lobster Mac n cheese, and pilgrim are some of the best! Sangria is usually awesome in the summer and the hot spiked apple cider is delicious into the fall and winter!
We finally got to The Ginger Man and left as satisfied eaters.  We started with the stuffed mushrooms, which were quite tasty.  My wife got the halibut and I ordered a chicken salad.  They were both very good, but not a 5 star.  The atmosphere is fun, yet relaxing.  The server was helpful and attentive.  Recommended.
If you've noticed a few over weight folks I would blame this restaurant... the food is absolutely amazing (almost can't stop eating good) and the portions are huge.  Like 3 days worth of left over lunches huge... excellent value, great staff, and awesome atmosphere.
Spanish paella is good. well, there is not so many restaurant provide paella around albany and i really like this dish. SO i think ginger man' paella is not bad.
One of my favorite restaurants in Albany. The creme brûlée is fantastic.
This is a great restaurant. Amazing wine selection and the cheese board is a must have. The atmosphere is better than most places in Albany. It is a great place to bring a date or visitors from out of town. Reservations are a good idea on the weekend.
Awesome place, Great Vibe, Brought my parents here while they were in town and they loved it! Everything was cheesy, rich and extremely tasty. Awesome service, great picks for the flights and it is two blocks from where I live. Great for a date or intimate gathering I say!
I went here with every intention on liking it. This is one of my co-workers favorite date spots. I looked over the menu and there wasn't a whole lot that interested me so it wasn't until they had a deal on livingsocial of $50 for $25 that I decided to give it a shot. I read all the reviews that further helped prove how great I thought this place was gonna be. After circling the neighborhood we found a parking spot on quail st. They may have a parking lot in the back of the restaurant but its not advertised at all. We had reservations for 6:30 and were quickly seated. The dining room and bar was already filled. I ordered the french onion soup first as this is a favorite of mine and I'm always in search of a decent crock of it. Visually it was pleasant, but the flavor itself was lacking and it had a slight burnt taste to it. Not terrible but not great. Next we got an order of the stuffed mushrooms. For $8 I was expecting a few more than 3 average sized mushrooms.The sausage stuffing was very dry and bland. At this point it was also becoming more clear that service was very slow. We had been there for an hour and while we had soup and an appetizer our entrees hadn't been brought out. Meanwhile the couple next to us who had only been there for about 20mins and ordered just entrees were being served. Finally our entrees came out.  I got the lobster mac & cheese because it sounded great and got such rave reviews from everyone. I will say the full size order is quite large and is filled with a decent amount of lobster. But I was extremely disappointed that the cheese sauce while thick and rich had no real flavor. The lobster was tender but didn't have that fresh seafood taste. After eating we were once again stuck waiting for to-go boxes and the check to arrive. After being there for an hour and a half I didn't want stick around to see how long dessert took.
I finally came here for lunch when I was back in the area, as I never had the chance to dine here when I went to college here. I ordered the lobster roll and the soup of the day, the tomato bisque. Both were to go orders. The tomato bisque was delicious, but they did not include a spoon with my to go order, so I had to eat it piece by piece, tearing apart tufts of dinner rolls that they provided. Not a bad way to eat soup, but still, I would have expected them to include a spoon. The lobster roll was good, the lobster a bit over done. I feel like they should have clarified that the roll is Maine-style, and not Connecticut style, with mayo and seasoning. So, what I got was steamed lobster meat on half a hoagie roll (not even a full roll), and a side of melted butter. The lobster meat was not even dressed, which was a tad confusing for me. The coleslaw and the green beans as sides were awesome though. Not my first choice to go back to for a solid meal, but something nice, if a bit overpriced for the portion size and quality.
What a cute restaurant! I'm excited to move to Albany in a couple months and be able to order every single entree on the menu. This time, we started with the lobster mac (HUGE portion for $13!!) and a french onion soup. They were both great. I thought the french onion had the perfect amount of salt and a good ratio of cheese/bread. I'm very picky about these things. For dinner we shared the swordfish and the Steak Diane medallions - both specials. They managed to cook the medallions rare for me even though they are very thin. I gave them a 5th star for that. The swordfish was simple but delicious. Also perfectly cooked. I had a vanilla creme brulee for dessert and it was very good. I'm intrigued to see what other flavors they feature in the future. Can't wait to go back and try the duck app! Service was really good and I can tell I'm going to be a regular here. Did I mention they were featuring some really good looking wines and fancy beer? No complaints at all, everything was wonderful.
Really amazing food. Lobster Mac n Cheese was very heavy and filling but delicious.
The lobster Mac & Cheese lived up to the hype and the cheese boards were great. HUGE portions. My wife and I were both starving when we got there and we would have been fine with the small cheese board and splitting one order of lobster Mac & Cheese.
This place looked awesome, and the food was good, but nothing too special. They did have an awesome cheese platter, though, and the "large" is waaaaay more than enough for 4 people. The fresh-pulled mozzarella was great, and the hand blended cheeses were tasty, too, but they give you a serving about the size of a softball of each. I'm a BIG cheese fan, but it was too much.
I really love the ambience here - upscale casual. One of the nicest eateries in the area. Taste can be hit or miss, however. Last special I got was way too salty, but I did enjoy the lamb burger and the cheese spread during the previous visits. This would be my go to place to eat in good weather - great patio. Inside can be a little cramped depending on where you are seated. Pretty good menu variety, with the flexibility to go pricey or affordable.
3.5 Stars. Menu was spectacular. Husband had lobster Mac and it was fantastic. Wine list was extensive and expensive. Tables and seating were cramped. I ordered a cold grilled veggie plate and it was pretty terrible. Congealed mozerella on top didn't help. We shared an aged Irish cheese fondue with Irish soda bread toast- it was perfection, must order! Husband had high expectations for the Guinness chocolate cake with Irish cream. Instead it tasted like a like cake from a box with chocolate lava filling and quite ordinary whipped cream on the side. Wait staff was effecient and quick :)
Cute little place, great wine/beer selection. The lobster mac and cheese was awesome, and the paella smelled phenomenal! I met a few friends here (who were late, of course) but there were a few local newspapers by the front door to keep me company until they arrived. Great atmosphere - would be a perfect date location.
as all ford and i had here was wine and bourbon i can not justify giving it 5 stars. this i will reserve for the food. which i will be coming back to try very soon. we chatted with brian the chef and he also informs me that they will soon be adding organic food to their menu! yay!! it makes me so so happy when restaurants notice that people actually care about what they put in their bodies and where it comes from (local) the bartender is a super sweet and adorable girl that used to come in and see me when i was Her bartender - go see her. i had forgotten about her smile. it is so incredible that you want to just grab her and hug her.  of course the service was impeccable. we tried the sampler of very tasty bourbons and i was really quite surprised and impressed. they each did taste quite different from the other. i guess i always just drink them one at a time and have never taken the time to sample the differences.  we also decided that the pr people that write the descriptions of each must also write porn. 'it has a velvety smooth texture, luscious and luxurious...' or maybe that was just the bourbon speaking for itself. i will update this when i try the food. meanwhile, go try the bourbon thing (i think it was called around the world or something. i will update this too.) oh. the entire restaurant and bar is open and very appealing and inviting. the lighting and various levels/areas are perfect. there is outdoor seating as well.
My husband and I went here last weekend for our birthdays.  Once again, it was wonderful.  The place was very crowded and there was a bit of a wait because we did not have a reservation.  However, we were able to enjoy a great drink at the bar and our wait was quite pleasant. I had the risotto croquets to start...they were addictive!  Crispy, cheesy and delicious!  For my entree, I tried the Bacon-wrapped Pheasant.  It was very good...maybe a tad overcooked, but I didn't mind that at all.  The haricot verdes and fingerling potatoes were perfect sides. My husband had the half-plate of paella (calimari for appetizer) and was very pleased as well. We have never had a bad meal here!
Awesome lobster mac and cheese. Lunch service was slow. Outdoor seating is limited but worth it. Reasonable prices for such quality food.
giving 3 stars feels a little harsh for what i remember as a very good meal. however, there were a few things that brought the rating down.  one of the wine glasses had a big crack (the glass was promptly replaced with a fresh full glass). the foccacia appetizer was pretty lame.  but the worst part came at the end of the meal.  when the waitress came to take our dessert plates she left a rag nearby that smelled DISGUSTING.  we actually got up and paid the check at the bar.   now onto the good.  we got the charcuterie plate w/ foie gras, truffled mousse pate, and chorizo.  it was excellent (it doesn't hurt that we're suckers for foie gras).  we both had entrees from the specials board.  panko crusted halibut w/ lemon cream sauce and lobster claw meat.  my boyfriend had the red snapper w/ rock shrimp and an awesome manchego/jalapeno polenta cake.  they were both very tasty and well prepared.  we had the chocolate fondue dessert, which was also good.   overall, not the best value, but very good food.  probably would've been 4 stars if not for the foul smelling rag.
Place I feel can be hit or miss sometimes, went here tonight and it was very good. Lobster mac and cheese well done, fresh lobster was key. Also like 5 apps on special and 4 entrees. Great wine selection. finished off with chocolate fondue which was top notch.
Eh. I was underwhelmed. I mean, it was good - but for $120 for two I've had much better. We started with a shark appetizer that we could've easily done better at home (I cooked up some shark while on vaca in SoCal in April and it was definitely tastier). We then shared the paella for two. Everything in it was really great - huge shrimp, ample sausage, tasty clams, etc. - but the overall flavor of the rice was just kind of lacking. Kind of hard to stomach (pun intended I guess) for $46 or $48 (can't remember exactly). Wine was decent, but just that... I was bummed - I've been reading all these raving reviews for months and just felt our dinner didn't live up to the hype. I also don't know how people polish off the gargantuan plate of lobster mac n cheese - I'd maybe split it and some other veggie option. Definitely looked delish, but man does it look heavy!
The food exceeds Albany standards. The flavors were excellent. The atmosphere was pleasant, if not a bit loud and crowded. One of the few places In Albany to get good food and atmosphere at a reasonable price.
Great food and great atmosphere! Easy to overlook, but you should definitely go
Okay, I've used yelp on several occasions, but I've never contributed. That changes tonight. We were in Albany to drop off my son at school, and I wanted a nice restaurant for a sendoff dinner. Ginger Man ranked 5th overall and seemed to have an unfussy but smart vibe. Bingo. Easy atmosphere, delicious food and attentive service make Ginger Man a complete winner. Welcoming, wood-centric décor characterizes the bar and front room, with a smaller, cozier tavernesque back room. It was a nice night, so we ate on the terrace fronting Western Ave. Very pleasant. Kudos for an interesting, well-priced wine list blessedly free of the usual suspects. Major bonus points for the option of three-label wine flights (three two-ounce glasses). Ginger Man has several of these pre-arranged, or you can assemble your own, which we happily did (for a delicious white, try the Falanghina). I have a simple, nearly infallible restaurant litmus test: good bread portends a good meal. And conversely. It applied here--the hot, crisp baguette preceded a standout risotto crochette appetizer. The stuffed mushroom app. was also tasty, as were the lamb burger and the very flavorful, bistro-faithful steak frites. Calamari fritti were light and tasty, but the sauce is a bit sweet. Ginger Man will see us again. These folks have a fine way with food, prices and environment. They deserve your patronage.
A nice sit down and drink place. I was in there with my girlfriend to celebrate my birthday and this place provided me a nice dating atmosphere. Small, but a good selection of craft beers. Their lobster mac  n' cheese is fabulous that they put almost more than a whole lobster in there - definitely a must try.
Excellent--went here last night for my son's birthday dinner--7 of us; 6 of them 20-somethings. Appetizers crispy & flavorful; soups ordered were smoked salmon & french onion. Entrees enjoyed:beef stroganoff,lamb burgers,angus beef burger,and duck 2 ways. Desserts were chambord cheesecake & a chocolate almond crusted tart. Waitress very attentive & our cold water was refreshed several times. My decaf coffee was freshly made (I can tell)--a big plus. Bathroom small but very clean. Would definitely go again!
The dimly lit back room seemed like a perfect scene for a mafia hit.
We went here with clients for work a couple years ago (I didn't belong to Yelp back then).  This place is really cool, set in one of those small neighborhood buildings that NY is known for.  The food is good and the staff is attentive.
Great atmosphere and very upscale type of bar. Beautiful woodwork and decor. Get the Lobster Mac n cheese. That's the only thing you need to know. HUGE chunks of lobster in it and the half size portion was ginormous!
I went for the first time Friday night. We had reservations and glad we did. Place was packed. It was a little small but not El Loco small. We ordered Stuffed Mushrooms for an app. Out came 4 decent sized mushrooms overflowing with goodness. The sauce on the bottom of the plate was delish. Our friend got the mussels with chorizo. Huge plate and great tasting. For the main course I ordered the Kobe beef burger sliders. I thought the Kobe beef was good but the roll they used was very dry. There was only a tiny bit of topping on the burgers and I felt it needed more. It was 3 mini sliders and I got the side order of fries. All in all it wasn't bad but I wish the burgers were more juicy and less dry. I will go again and try another dish for sure.
I was in town for the weekend and decided to try The Ginger Man after reading some online reviews.  I was not disappointed!  The restaurant has a nice casual yet refined ambience.  You can definitely wear blue jeans.  My husband was very happy with the beer selection and the wine list is impressive.  The service was wonderful with our server being very adaptive of our special dietary requests (made the fried eggplant appetizer vegetarian, had bartender make us a special martini).  I had the daily special roasted carrot soup - it was great.  We especially enjoyed the Kobe burgers and Lobster Mac n' Cheese!  The vegetarian at our table described the Red Lentil Cakes as "OK, but not great."   Our bill for 3 people was $130( 2 soups, 2 apps, 3 entrees, $35 alcohol ).  A bit on the spendy side but worth it for a fun dinner with friends.  Would definitely visit again!
I was here back in November 2010, and how rude of me not to Yelp!  I went back to my notes and my meal memories, and have to say our server was a doll, who made sure our champagne was cold and stayed cold and the cheese plate was on time, and on point!  We exchanged pointers on where to buy decorations for her mom's 50th (wonder how it went!).  They had duck on the menu that evening, and some empanadas that really put some of my Puertorrican friends to shame!  Food is abundant (even as tapas), great decor, well prepared, and great bar service and wine selection.  Definitely need to go back when we return to Troy to hang out! Yes my upstate residents, I have had OUTSTANDING food and service in both Troy and Albany!
Being vegetarians, we had pretty much the exact same meal that Tammy E had.  We had something else too that was even better, but I am embarassed to say that i can't remember at all what it was.  Food was very good.  A busy popular place.  Nice place.  A little pricey.
Our first time here. We sat at the bar because the place was packed with Parents Weekend families. Popular. I went for the swordfish tacos but the menu had changed since the review I'd read. They change it twice a year. This is an upscale Irish pub really.  It's pricey but the portions are large. Pork Belly Appetizer is a main size & tasty and filling. The Paella is very large, fairly spicy, and tasty too. Those two dishes fed us fine - on top of the shrimp, avocado, champagne vinaigrette dressed salad we had.
This place was a nice find.  The food was good and the wait staff were attentive and friendly.
Talk about comfort food! I had a great experience here although I was in the company of a very entertaining and beautiful guest, however, I still took the time to judge the food. The Lobster was a little fishy meaning not the most fresh in the mac and cheese but the fondue was great and a lot of fun for two. The ahi tuna was perfect and nearly raw but it was a special.   :p
Came here for desert on a Wednesday night.  We did not need to wait or make a reservation.  The place had a good number of people.  We ordered the carrot cake, the creme brulee, and the apple crisp.  I thought the apple crisp was the best but everything was good.  The staff is very friendly and the ambiance is great for a date or a girls night.  This place is a gem in Albany!
Both salmon and trout in the charcuterie dish were way past their expiration. Pretty gross.
I went here for lunch a couple of days ago.  I had a cup of French Onion soup (which was fabulous) and the lobster mac and cheese, which was also good.  The waitstaff was very attentive and friendly.  Nice little spot.
I am never disappointed. Food, atmosphere, and service are always outstanding.  I enjoyed the Fennel encrusted wild salmon. And stuffed myself past comfortable with the carrot cake cheesecake. Yes, carrot cake cheesecake.
A forever changing special board and a nice base menu makes every trip unique. Bills can get up there but this place is worth it. Fresh ingredients, creative but not overly. One of my favorite local spots
Love Gingerman! They always have interesting specials and the friendliest staff!
A great place to have lunch! Amazing items on the menu, wonderful draft beer selections and friendly and attentive staff. Open for lunch Mon thru Fri 11:30-4. YUM!
Nice seafood dishes.
Ginger Man is pretty easy to miss as it doesn't look like much from the outside. Once inside though, you find a cozy (if not maybe just a bit cramped) and historic-feeling restaurant. We ordered several plates to share - Lobster Mac (amazing, by the way with chunks of lobster NOT just lobster flavored), duck sliders (great), paella (had better but not bad), and another appetizer or two that escape me now but were very good. I highly recommend giving this place a shot - good to great food, great service, great ambiance, the only negatives are that it can get a bit pricey and a bit cramped. This place is 4.5 stars for me, rounded down to 4.
Love it gotta check out the payaya for two. Great staff too
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Albany. If you get the cheese and fruit platter, ask for horseradish cheese! It has a completely different and much better consistency than the horseradish cheese available in most grocery stores; it's lumpy, spreadable and has a pleasant bite. The staff is highly qualified to help guests select wine that pairs perfectly with the meal.
The once delicious Ginger Man has settled to the level of college cafeteria. The service has fallen below acceptable levels and the menu is even more disappointing. After waiting 1.5 hours for our food 2 out of 9 dishes were over cooked (ordered rare and brought well done), 1 was burnt and over spiced, 1 was delicious and the remainder left us disappointed beyond belief. The burger was sent back and was still ruined on their second attempt. If you ever loved the ginger man like I did, never come again. Remember it as it was and abandon all hope of ever dining there again.
A very solid and respectable 3 stars. Not sure what the 4 stars is about, but a definite 3 stars is in order. We did quite enjoy our meals, though there were some flaws involved. However, would definitely return again. Perhaps we needed to venture out more. Inside, small, cozy (but not in that romantically warm way, but more like it'd be great to be there on a cold day with a glass of wine and a good hearty dish). Prices--very reasonable. Can make what you want of it. Some more expensive dishes and some lighter priced dishes and lots to choose from. Service--wonderful. Our waiter was awesome. When I asked for a wine recommendation, he just asked what my wine preferences were (white vs red, bold vs medium) and then promptly came back with a wonderful sample to try that would pair well with our meal and it was a home run. He knew the menu extremely well and was able to acomodate my food allergies. He was also friendly, inviting, and made you feel like you were his only guests, when in fact he was having to take care of the bulk of the room. Food---OK, so we started with the lobster cakes which were fantastic. Real chunks of lobster claw meat and just the right amount of breading so it wasn't all filler lightly fried/sauteed and serviced with a lemon chive aioli and a little side arugula and tomato salad. Boyfriend got the french onion soup which he said he enjoyed but kept finding himself comparing it to other restaurants so it appeared as though something was amiss. However, it came out nice and piping hot which was a plus. For entrees, we shared the paella and the braised short rib sliders with a side of fries. The perks of the paella--shrimp cooked nicely and sweet and the clams were cooked nicely. Rice was tasty, BUT, THIS WASN"T PAELLA!! This was mexican dirty rice with some fish, clams, and chorizo. Paella typically has evident saffon in it and a nice little crust from the oven bake. This was obviously boiled rice then add a little bit (and I mean a little bit) of red pepper, tomato for staining, and a small amount of onions and peas. Just cause it had some seafood and chorizo doesn't make it a paella. It's all about the cooking technique to the best of my knowledge since there are other rice dishes with similar flavor profiles, but based on cooking technique differs it from regular rice, paella, and zarsuela, etc. The short rib sliders were very tasty, moist, and the thyme aioli and picked red onion all on the brioche bun was very tasty. The french fries were real potatoes, which was nice, but were too soggy and had 0 crunch. I normally am a french fry plate cleaner and I could barely get through half. For dessert, we did the fondue which was fun and got to sample their chocolate stout cake (it was ok), pound cake, and then of course some typical fruits like strawberry and pineapple and of course marshmallow. Overall, not bad, but it wasn't stellar like we were expecting. However, we will go back and try again as we are interested in trying the duck and pheasant dishes.
I finally got a chance to have a meal here. I love the green salad and the leafs were so green and fluffy, and delicately julienned carrots, but the homemade bleu cheese made it as perfect as it gets. They skimp on dressing so order extra. I also had the lobster mac and cheese, as did a recent reviewer. I wasn't in the mood for something that heavy, but it's not a common item and got it cause it was there. It was creamy and delicious, and plenty of lobster with a nice sauce folded into the spiral pasta. I think hot spirals are awkward to eat. My friend was raving about her portabello mushroom sandwich, and I tried some of the side chickpea salad. It was full of good stuff, but would have been better marinated. What not to miss here besides the green salad, the iced tea. Perfectly balanced and lite. Still as cozy as it gets and then I fine out that a few doors down the Washington Tavern is it's evil twin.
