This place is a big improvement over the previous bar located here called Mahars. The beer selection is the biggest in town, with over 30 on tap and hundreds more in bottles. Prices are great and you can choose from multiple sizes to try them all. Decor and fit and finish is very olde english style, very relaxing and cozy. Lots of seating, nice wait staff, and clean bathrooms. I had an appetizer sampler with stuffed jalapenos, bratwurst, and hummus - all were super tasty. Really a nice bar to have a drink with some friends and have a few snacks.
Stopped in for a beer and an appetizer. Fantastic beer selection. 40 beers on tap, and many others in bottles. Beer lovers will not be disappointed. They offer 5oz pours, that's nice. With so many great choices, one can try a few different beers with the 5oz pours. I ordered the Grilled Stuffed Jalapenos. They were great and were served with a side of house made potato chips which were also tasty. The bar is "standing room only". No stools. I like that, it's old school, and is perfect if one just wants to quaff a beer quickly and have a bite to eat and go on your way, as I did. Plus, it encouages those who want to hang out to grab a table leaving bar spaces for the aforementioned transients.
I absolutely love this place. I love the comfortable English style feel. It's decorated with funny old pictures and other weird Englishy things like a gun stock. There is very comfortable seating downstairs and an upstairs with a nice view outside. I have been here several times with friends or dates. It is a reasonably quiet place so you don't have to yell over the background noise at your companion. I never really understood the appeal of bars as places to socialize when you can't even hear each other. The Pour House has more of a restaurant feel while still maintaining the casualness of a bar setting. More importantly is the selection of beers on tap and bottles. They seem to have on average over 30 different varieties at any given time and are frequently adding new taps when old ones run out. They also serve food including toasties (sandwiches) and other appetizers fair which is both delicious and really fulfilling. The downside though, outside of the snacks, the food is too goddamn expensive. I'm not necessarily feeling the prices for the sandwiches and I wouldn't even consider the specialties at the current price. I do not want to spent $14 for bar food. I will have to withdraw a star for this. This is my only real complaint currently. If anyone recalls Mahars. This has all the best of that place (the beer selection) without all the pretension (no food, snobby bastard bartenders who ignore you, no place to sit, loud obnoxious student type). The bartenders are actually really nice. In fact there is one I've been trying to talk to bow chicka wow wow.
So many beers - so little time! Great list of tap beers for all tastes! List changes frequently. Lots of great stouts. Menus list origins, alcohol content, etc. We ate upstairs with large group. Very casual and relaxing atmosphere. Great service! Table favs were the cheddar beer soup and the batter fried olives. Outside seating during warm weather.
Loved it! I went last night with 2 friends and we all got food and drinks. The tap list is very impressive with lots of options and variety. It is also really easy to understand, especially for people who don't know a lot about beer. I had a hard cider, the cheddar beer soup and the deviled eggs. They were so delicious! The best cheddar beer soup and deviled eggs I have ever had. The service was excellent. Our server gave us lots of time to decide and even offered to split the check. He was super friendly and easy going.
Mahar's, eat your heart out. This is a beer lover's mecca in a much nicer space with refreshingly more amicable service. I haven't had the food here yet so I can't comment on that.  But on my most recent visits, I have been very impressed with the variety and selection of brew (around 40 taps including 2 cask ales!) and the welcoming (if always crowded - which is a good thing for the business) space. Very minor gripes: Like the Bier Abbey in Schenectady, I think the prices are one or two bucks more than they should be, especially for the 5oz and 10oz pours of beers that you can find elsewhere in Albany for cheaper (i.e., Lionheart).  They should offer some Happy Hour specials or cheaper prices when they want to kick some kegs. The lack of patron/bar-fly friendly design at the bar including the absence of stools (probably because there is no room), not even a foot rest, makes it less inviting and uncomfortable to stop in for a pint on a busy night when there are no seats available.  This was a problem that also plagued its predecessor. Also, they need some coat hangers for our thick jackets on those blistery Albany winter nights. Other than that, I am down.  Great place, great beer, and I will sure to be coming here regularly, that is until the Beer Belly opens nearby.
If you're a craft beer fan, don't miss Madison Pour House!  Loved this place - wish there was somewhere like this near us at home.  We stopped in last night as we were visiting Albany and wanted to find a restaurant with lots of different draft beer options.   They had 40 draft beers, 2 cask beers, and over 100 bottles - plus wine.  Our waitress was really nice and made great recommendations.  It was busy but not overly crowded and had outside, lower, and upper level areas for seating.   We had a few different beers then ordered the soft pretzels - delicious - and for our main meals, we each got one of the specials.  I got the Mac Attack (their mac and cheese) and my boyfriend got the gyro.  Both were to die for.  If we ever visit Albany again, this place will be at the top of our list!
The decor: It's beautiful, there is lots of seating and even space upstairs! The bar is standing room only so no need to elbow through sitting folk to get yourself a beer. The Selection: incredible, a wide arrange of beers and wines. The bartenders know their stuff are more then willing to help you figure out the perfect beer for you. They are clearly passionate about their jobs. The Service: GREAT!, Friendly, helpful. Not judgmental of me being vegan. Food: Delicious. I mean I only ordered the hummus cause that was the only vegan option that day. The hummus is delicious, and the bread is really just deep fried break but MMMM so yummy. Also the bartender gave me extra veggies cause I'm vegan! yay. Overall: This place is great, I probably wouldn't go here for dinner cause it doesn't have the best vegan selection but it's a HAPPY HOUR MUST.
Prost. This no reservations pub serves up hearty meals with its over 40 beers on tap. The prices are reasonable and the decor is a mix of industrial-rustic that makes this classier than your average albany pub. Go if your group is 4 or less, as it's hard to snag a table. And if you just want a fresh beer with all it's hops. The hefs on tap are delicious and you'd be a fool to get anything less than a 16oz. The sandwiches were melt in your mouth delish. And the appetizers were filling in themselves. A little spendy though.
I really enjoyed the Pour House. Though I am not a big fan of the prices, its a great place that's close by to get amazing craft beer. What isn't there to like about it?
Welcome to the neighborhood!  As have many of our neighbor's, we've been missing Mahar's.  While there are plenty of terrific beer bars in town, the closer to home the better.  I can walk to this location so having more than one beer is an available option.  Onward.   I had my first of what I expect will be many visits today.  I was greeted by Dan, the general manager.  Clearly excited to be open and help.  Also had good service from Ciaran.  He knows his stuff.  Also enjoyed the company of Andrew.  Get the theme?  They all introduced themselves and want to get to know their customers.  Very impressive.   The facilities are top notch.  Very high quality but not over the top.  A place in which you can be comfortable. Max, a visiting brewer from Olde Saratoga, gave me a tour of the keg room.  It is a stand alone insulated building with top quality plumbing.  I am no expert but Max's giddiness convinced me.   The beer list is a delight.  I had a Stone Anniversary IPA and another IPA on cask from Olde Saratoga Brewing Company.  The Stone was massive.  The Saratoga was perfection.   Food?  Not too much currently for vegans, but the beer hummus was a delight.  Loved the fried pita that came with.   Dan even asked for suggestions, in response to which I asked for more vegan chow.  I am optimistic.   There are TVs but they float between the first and second floors.  If you want to see them, they are there.  If you don't, I don't think you'll be bothered.   Just delighted!
Cool atmosphere (glad they opened up the second floor to the first). Cheap pub bites as well as regular entrees.
Nowhere near as awesome as Mahar's but admittedly I liked the snarky bartenders who took a while to warm up to repeat customers.  Ciaran was my favorite although Bill's charm was unparalelled.  They knew their beers and they had many, many, many more than the current establishment. That being said, the new owners (who are close to owning the entire block now) made wonderful and much needed improvements to the building and decor, offer some food items, and have much friendlier, though less knowledgeable servers.  They did a pretty good job with the beer selection too.  it's not Mahar's but I will be back.
I love this place, but I can't give it more than 3 stars right now. Beer selection - amazing. Love the small pours, allows me to enjoy more great beers. Food - Pretzels, served hot with amazing mustard and cheese sauce. Awesome beer food. Ploughman's lunch, good mix but a little on the sweet side. The pickles seemed to be brined in something apply and sweet, ham was a little sweet, chutney was really sweet. Wish there was something else to cut all that sweet with. Pate, here's where they lost major stars. Ordered the daily pate, was told that it was more like a tomato confit and delicious. I was interested because confit tomatoes sounds... like a culinary experiment. What was received were tomatoes with a sprinkling of olive oil. Not nearly a pate, definitely not a confit... very disappointing. Overall I would definitely go back for beer and stick with pretzels. Not sure I would order anything else unless some of these menu items change.
You will not find Budweiser here. Or Sam Adams. Or Guiness, for that matter. And for that, you will be grateful. What a refreshing change. If you like beer, this is the only place in the capital region for you. They don't try to be anything else. They are all about beer. It is apparent that everyone here, from the door man to the bartenders to the manager...loves their job and wants to be here. They are so knowledgeable about their product and are eager to share their passion with you. Tell them what you like to drink and trust them to take you on an unforgettable journey. You will not be disappointed. The menu is not your typical bar fare.  It is small compared to the typical bar menu but, then again, this is not a typical place. From the beer battered olives (fabulous, I had 2 servings!) to the "toasties," the Madison Pour House ensures that you will not forget your experience here. And don't get me started on the ambiance. The pub is cozy, inviting, and reminiscent of pubs found on the other side of the Atlantic. Come for the experience. Stay for the warmth.
Great beer and atmosphere. Easy place to hang out, read and have a beer and snack.  Always interesting draft list. Remarkably, always a seat on Sunday. Reminds me of one of my favorites from long ago, Plough and Stars, just outside of Central Square, Cambridge, MA
They really did a nice job with the renovations.  I liked the space, lots of cool architectural features and repurposed materials. There are some big tables upstairs for groups up to 8? and lots of smaller tables well spread out.  Easy to have a conversation upstairs. A surprise is that there are no barstools.  it is a pretty tight space, so I can see why.  This was a big negative for me tonight as I was alone and wanted some food with my beer.  I would usually sit at the bar to chat with others but I had to sit alone at a table.  I wouldn't go back if I planned on eating alone, but the standing up is fine for those just drinking if they aren't there too too long.  The music was very good and only downstairs which gave you a choice.  One strange problem - I sat upstairs right across from the TVs and the floor is really bouncy there, from people walking by and from the speaker below, very strange and unsettling.   The beer list is excellent.  Very wide selection with some hard to find choices and many world class ones.  Maybe only second to the Beer Abbey in Schenectady, but better than anything else in Albany.  The actual paper list is pretty bad and hopefully is temporary.  They REALLY need to provide at least a basic description of the beer style, and hopefully more info than that.  There is no organization of the list at all - which is a problem with 40 taps. I thought the beer was too cold, even for the lighter styles and way to cold for the heavier styles.  That might be the biggest negative for me. The food was pretty good, better and more interesting than most Taverns/Bar food.  Reasonably priced too.  I had the Poor man's Wellington and the Short Rib Stew.  I would be fine with having them again, especially the Wellington, but I was a bit disappointed that the short rib stew didn't have any of that short rib texture or flavor, but it worked fine as a beef stew.  If I was going out for great food with great beer, I would choose the Gastropub or maybe City Beer Hall instead but otherwise would be fine eating here. The staff was excellent.  Friendly and helpful.  I did hear two women order a 15% Goose Island Stout and thought the waitress should have confirmed they knew  about the 15%, although it is printed on the menu. It would be nice if they shoveled a path through the snowpile at the curb - there was a well worn path of people hiking up and over the snow. Overall it is a nice place that I would go back to.  The location is convenient for me and the beer selection is excellent.
This place is great.....amazing rotating beer selection, and some great food. I got the honey, basil toastie. It may be the best grilled cheese I have ever had. Creamy, sweet, herbaceous....holy fuck....i want more...GIVE ME MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great beer selection and a great place to hang out.  Good food too.  The upstairs is good also.
I'm giving four stars for lack of experience with this place. I will come back and update once I've visited a few more times. I went the second day after Madison Pour House opened and I was pretty impressed. Huge upgrade from the dolts that were running the bar at Mahar's and the crowd is better too! The beer selection was great. The staff had all taste tested... pretty much all of them and were able to give really good descriptions and recommendations, which is especially helpful with such an overwhelming beer list. Food: on the day I went, the kitchen wasn't fully up and running. I ended up with soup, which was very good. Bar was standing room only and a little crowded, but the seats emptied out quickly enough that it didn't last for too long.
I stopped in here yesterday for a beer with some friends. Very eclectic and laid-back atmosphere. The crowd was a mix of young professionals, hipsters, and buisnessmen; I'd say the age range was 24-45. I really like that there aren't stools at the bar, it means you can actually get to the bar for service. The guys behind the bar seem to like their job, and were very welcoming and helpful in offering suggestions. The decor and outdoor seating is great too! I haven't had the food yet, but everyone I saw eating appeared to be happy, and it smelled very tempting. I'll be back.
Let me start this off by saying I want to love this place.  I live so, so close that I could see myself becoming a regular.  I'm just not quite there yet.  Overall, the Madison Pour House is a nice place to be able to grab a beer.   As a higher end craft beer bar (which they're trying to be) there are a few areas in need of improvement. The good:   The service.  Staff are friendly and for the most part are knowledgeable about beer.  It can take a while to get served, but it's also been quite busy when I'm there.  I think a service station or two would be a nice nod to Mahar's and would also make getting a beer easier when the bar seats are full.   Pours are almost always well executed (I was shorted about 2oz on a tulip once in three visits... pretty good overall and this is probably a result of serving temperature).   The selection is varied and the taplist is always pretty solid.  Nothing too crazy for the most part, but they get nice specialty kegs now and then.  There are always a few good options. The bad: A 6 month old IPA featured as one of their opening night beers.  It's still on tap weeks later.  Not a surprise.  People who seek this kind of place out know better. All the beers are served at the same temperature.  Not only is this incorrect, it can result in foamy pours or having to wait several minutes before my stout is drinkable.  Not a huge deal, but for a craft beer bar it shouldn't happen. The food.  The hummus and pita chips were excellent, but I've had several different toasties that have been bland and mushy.  Perhaps a spot on rendition of their traditional counterpart, but nothing I'd go back and order again. The beer list is an issue , with beers crossed out and written over it can be difficult to tell what's available and what is not. Cask and nitro beers are not always clearly labeled, especially when recently updated.  A beer list on a chalkboard or some other way of being clearer about what is on tap would help. They're new, so with some effort, they should be able to work out the kinks and move things in a positive direction.  I'll keep going back with my fingers crossed.
Beer hummus and chips are AMAZING. Short rib stew was good, spicy and smoky. 40 beers on draft. Staff was super helpful.
Loved the beer selection and the friendly atmosphere. They did a great did job opening up the bar to two levels. I went opening night so as expected, they had a few things to work out. Overall I give it 4 stars for their effort to make the pourhouse similar in beer options to the old Mahar's, while adding a basic beer drinkers menu and providing a relaxed atmosphere. Well done!
I came onto yelp because  I have been here a few times now and each time I was more than impressed with their service and selection.  Upon arriving to yelp to write my review I was appalled when I saw the review about the person who claimed a server who was bearded apparently barked at them like dogs. I recognized the comments in this and I believe I was present when it occurred. The description of what happened is not accurate. Although the server possibly placed the bottle on the table harder than he should have he apologized which my girlfriends and I felt wasn't necessary after how rudely he was treated. It is also ironic to me that they make the reference that perhaps it had to do with race when the gentleman that was apart of this was infact Hispanic. After being treated rudely the server still did the appropriate thing and apologized since he works in the service industry but regardless she still complained. Honestly I think she had to much to drink and possible wanted something free. Regadless the atmosphere is outstanding, the servers are exceptionally friendly, customer service is way above par, beer selection is the best in the albany area, and to top it off the Mac n cheese on the menu is too die for!  I absolutely encourage anyone interested in a great night out to try the madison pour house!
What a refreshing change from Mahars. They actually welcomed you at the Pour House and treated you like a customer! Can't say the same for Mahars which I quit going to years ago b/c they treated you like a criminal. OK enough about Mahars. I really enjoyed this place and there were a lot of positives to write about: * Beer selection - very good, I was happy that they didn't load up on IPA's, which most "rookie" beer bars tend to do. Selection was great, as were the wide variety of breweries represented. Although they had a few too many Saranac beers for my liking, which I'm not a big fan of. * Service - nothing less than stellar. NEVER waited more than 60 seconds for a server to ask us if we would like a new beer. They were VERY knowledgeable of beer in general and what was on their menu * Food - Taste was good but a little much on the price for what we got (the Pretzel appetizer). My buddy got some sort of special sandwich which he seemed to like a lot. * Atmosphere - Great. Nice range of people: young to old, college to professional, etc.  No meatheads or ghetto bangers - the opposite crowd of downtown Albany. * Location - if you want to hang somewhere else or get a bite to eat you have a few options on the block. I liked this. * Ambience - they did a nice job on the renovations, spent some money on the place. Well done in my opinion. A little small on the 1st floor but what can you do? Not their fault on that one. All in all I recommend it and I will go back. And if you like great beer, great service and a great atmosphere it's worth visiting. Nice job!
Can't say enough about the new Mahar's besides looking awesome inside they definitely have a fantastic beer list and menu. Waitstaff was extremely friendly. Ordered the beer hummus..was great but small portion. My boyfriend & I had toasties, the Irish & the mozzarella honey..both FANTASTIC! The creamiest grilled cheese I ever had (moz honey). Was a regular at Mahar's & definitely will be at the Pour House
