If you are looking for great Italian food this is the place. The food is awesome. I've tried several different items on the menu and they have all been excellent. I really enjoy their pasta and they have GREAT pizza. Dining in is nice with the music and take out is quick and efficient. 5/5 Stars. I've eaten here many times and will continue to do so.
I got two dinners delivery and was very disappointed from the beginning. First, the woman on the phone was extremely annoyed when I asked if a particular sauce is vegetarian. She was unsure and refused to find out until I asked about another two sauces. I decided on a seafood linguini with a white sauce and the other dinner was a bolognese. The latter was okay, but my linguini arrived completely dry. No sauce, nothing.  Overall the experience was disappointing for an Italian place in Palm City.  I will not order from here again unless something changes.
Ordered a pizza was told to pick up in 30 mins. When I arrived they had not even prepared or cooked it! Same with the man that placed order behind me. Expected to pay! Ha...don't think so. Both myself and the guy behind me went somewhere else.  New to palm city and was really hoping for something better.
Wonderful family owned restaurant with great food and excellent value. The menu is plentiful and the specials are creative.
In Stuart/Palm City? Want moderately delicious italian? This is your place! We had Bolognese,  alfredo, penne and broccoli. The Bolognese and spaghetti was pretty good. The sauce was sweeter than I hoped and the pasta slightly overcooked but it was still quite good. The alfredo came with a wide noodle and was pretty dry. It was bland and didnt have enough oil. Edible still. They did nail the penne and broccoli. Delicious. It's not great, but its better than Olive Garden and thats good enough for me. The staff is SUPER Friendly and helpful. That alone is enough reason to give it a try.
great food, singer on the weekends. great place food is elegantly presented. you won't be disappointed, you will be pleasantly surprised
This place hasn't missed a beat. Everything I've had from here has been top notch. Nice knowledgeable staff. Everything is made to order, delicious, and in a cozy atmosphere. I wish I had an Italian restaurant like this where I live. Best veal parm on the planet. Just my opinion.
This restaurant has become a luncheon favorite for myself and some friends.  Great lunch special.  And the family loves the pizza.   Best in the area!  And, they deliver!
Really, very good Italian food. Service extremely friendly and efficient. I think I drove by this place 100 times without a thought to stop in. As previously noted in other reviews, the place from the outside looks like a hole in the wall.Inside, good lighting, and they don't stack the tables so close that you can hear your fellow diners chew.The baked eggplant was top notch. Almost had the tecture of veal.My wife had the spicey shrimp pasta dish. She absolutely loved every bite.It really shows this is family owned.We want to get to know this family better. That stated, we will be weekly regulars.
La Borgata is a wonderful family restaurant, typical of the neighborhood restaurants my family frequented when I was a boy. The owners are very welcoming of customers with little ones. On Friday and Saturday nights a wonderful singer named Gino sings the old Italian American classics: Dean Martin, Tony Bennett, Frank. The music is at the right volume and the atmosphere is very enjoyable.
Food is great but the door is always horribly mismanaged on a busy night. Was told half hour wait and after and hour watched the hostess give a table to another party after telling me I was next. Other people outside had waited an hour past their reservation time and still weren't seated when I left.  If you have the patience of a saint or want some takeout I'd recommend but spend your money at one of the other amazing Italian restaurants in the area if you want a nice dinning experience.
