The staff is exceptionally kind and works hard to make sure the guests are happy. We had the best stay and will definitely return. The hotel is beautiful and the staff made my fiancé and i feel so special. They accommodated all of our requests and made my fiance's birthday so memorable by decorating the room for him! I have been to many Marriot brand hotels all over the country and this one stands apart from them all. My new favorite getaway spot! We would probably stay here once a month if we could afford it! The town of Hutchinson Island is small and quiet, but there are a lot of restaurant gems around. We loved Mrs. Peters Smokehouse and the New England Market.
Great hotel! All of the staff are super helpful. I had an issue with my rental car. The staff came up to my room and switched out all of my belongings to the new car when it was delivered. They went above and beyond. Debbie was always super nice in the morning when we would get breakfast. They even had activities for the kids on the weekends. We will definitely be staying here again.
Nice hotel, friendly staff, good clean rooms, small balconies, fun beach, fine breakfast. All that said by previous reviews. However what sets this place apart is being next door to Pietros!  Now you have a great outside bar and fun restaurant...and it feels more like a beach club!
Seem small from the outside but it was pretty decent size hotel. They had free wifi through the hotel. Room: I got a ocean view double bed room. It was pretty nice. The view was beautiful.  I like the decor of the bathroom except the see through glass on the bathroom door.   Service: The front desk were very courteous and warm welcoming.  Housekeeping service did a phenomenal job.   On the down side,  I wish they had a restaurant in the hotel that is 24/7. They only got a small  franchise Starbucks shop.
New, modern, but overall small for a FL hotel on the beach. Overall, overpriced. There's nothing bad about the hotel, but it's advertised as something with so much more than it actually has. Small rooms (for 4), small bathroom, the sofa bed (which you have to call the front desk to get) just barely fits between the bed and the slider. For some reason, the genius designer decided to use a clear glass door to the bathroom, with clear glass shower doors, so anyone in the room can see you taking your shower. The balcony, which costs $30 extra a night is only sometimes private (you may try to get one), so you have another family sharing the same balcony separated by a glass window pane. The rooms have hardly any insulation between them, so after 9, you better start whispering, or you'll get some bangs on the wall. Bathroom is small (did I already say that?). Pros: excellent access to the beach. Outdoor area is spectacular. Best part is the Tiki Bar by the pool that is open from late morning to 8pm.. Serves any drink you want, and a surprisingly moderately-sized snack/appetizer menu. Great service. Again, the hotel is modern and look nice, but is generally overpriced and too small for what you're paying.
We stayed here a few weeks ago. Let me begin to say the staff was great. The room was ok. BUT the 'balcony'...we shared a small, very small balcony with our neighbors. Honestly, we could reach out and touch someone. There is just a piece of glass that separates seating areas. When we went out, we locked the slider as we realized someone could easily climb over the glass and enter. We also did not sleep with the slider open. So, beware, if you want to sit out and enjoy a glass of wine, be sure to bring 4 glasses and enough wine to share.
Great location, about a mile off the bridge from Stuart to Hutchinson Island.   I had an ocean view room with a King Size bed.  The rooms look like they were recently redone and are well appointed with modern furniture and furnishings.  The TV is on the small size, and there are no movies that you can order....but if you are coming here that is likely the least of your priorities.   The views of the ocean from the room were nice.  Downstairs is a good sized pool, and an effort is made to give it a tropical island feel.  The beach does not have a lot of depth to it, but it certainly is relaxing and not crowded at all.  If you get too hot on the beach, stop by the tiki bar near the pool which has a friendly staff and who are generous with the drinks.  In fact, all of the staff here are very friendly and make an effort to make sure that you have a pleasant stay. My only caveat is that it is a little pricey, $189 a night.  However, if access to a nice, quiet beach is a priority, it is worth the premium price.
Front desk staff was really nice. This hotel is a good value for the money. Attractive, clean room. The balcony situation could be really awkward if someone was next door. Small bathroom with a wide door. Wavy glass door to bathroom. You can definitely see thru. Really limited cable tv channels. Its nice that they have a bar by the pool, but it only has one bartender (ever, not just per shift) from noon-8pm and unfortunately she does not know how to make a mixed drink. Stick to bottled. Gorgeous ocean! Loungers on beach are $10 an hour or $30 a day. Local convenience/pharmacy store had sand chairs on sale for $10.
I agree with the previous review - this hotel is akin to an ocean club. The rooms are (I swear) triple paned glass so you don't hear a thing. All you need to do in order to invite the seabreeze into your room is crack the door and you're set. The ground are well maintained and the rooms are well sized with plenty of light and dark contracts to make you feel relaxed and comfortable. Think Tommy Bahama but at a Courtyard price. This place is my ace-in-the-hole when my profession requires travel to Stuart and I have not been disappointed to date.
I fell in love with the ocean front hotel rooms. The beds and pillow were really comfy, the shower was really big and pretty, see through doors, and the big sink in the bathroom was really nice too. The balcony was nice, had 2 chairs and a table. I thought the glass should be a little lower so that when you're sitting you're not looking through the glass at the ocean. Complimentary breakfast was good. You had the option to make eggs to order. Their outside bar and grill by the pool was nice. Good food and drinks. They have a little bridge to the beach.
We were just here for an extended weekend. The room was outstanding. Full wrap around balcony so you could see the ocean in the morning and watch the sunset in the evening.   Access to the beach is easy. The pool is nice and the outdoor bar area is very nice. The large suite was a hit with the family because it gave us a great place to meet and hang out. Overall the staff is friendly and very helpful. You have restaurant and bar across the street for a little change up. We will be back!
Absolutely a beautiful hotel.  Room decoration is not over done, everything was very clean, fridge and microwave are great to have.  Walk to beach was over a little  walkway which comes from poolside/tiki bar.  Free wifi, parking, breakfast and beach towels as well.  Across the street you a a cute ice team parlor and you can walk right next door on the beach to a terrific restaurant.  Would come back in a heart beat!
Recently stayed here for 5 nights.  The hotel is in a great location with a beautiful beach and pool area.  The owners did a nice job upgrading the facility after the 2 hurricanes several years ago.  The fit and finish are a click up from the usual Courtyard.  Overall, I'd rate the place 3 stars.  However, I was not impressed by most of the front desk team.  We made a simple request for an ocean view room when available. We were assured that it would not be problem and that we could move our belongings the next morning.   The next day I called the front desk and asked about the move. It was like I never had the conversation.  Not only was I treated rudely ("other guests have reservations"), but was completely shut down when I had said that I had made a formal request for the ocean view room the day before and was told "no problem, we have availabilities and you can change rooms at noon tomorrow."   I have over 40 nights at Marriott in the past 3 months and Elite Status. I thought maybe the people at the front desk might provide me with some level of loyal customer courtesy...even if it came down to just being nice.  The fact of the matter, Elite status or not, I was treated so badly that I'm considering switching loyalties to Hyatt and Sheraton. One other issue is that housekeeping would seem to be late in the afternoon, at exactly the time you needed to comeback from the beach, shower and change.
Outdoor heated pool and hot tub with waterfall are great in March when its not quite warm enough to go in the ocean.  Friendly staff, clean, nice rooms.  My favorite South Florida hotel.
Great location on the beach with small comfy rooms. Public beach down the street.  Non chain food and drink options across the bridge in hip Jensen beach
This is a great hotel if you are a beachgoer! It is directly on a private, pristine beach. You walk out the back door of the hotel (where there is a bar and a pool) and right onto the beach. The rooms are very nice. I have stayed in both the ocean front and the non-view rooms. The rooms are pretty much the same, except for the view and the price. You pay a bit more for ocean front - and the ocean fronts come with a balcony. The non-view room faces the intercoastal waterway and the parking lot (there's plenty of free parking at this hotel). It all depends on how much you want to spend. I have to say, the ocean front is quite spectacular as the sun is coming up. The rooms are cushy and nicely decorated with big furniture. Rooms have a frig and microwave, and some have a separate living room type area. The beds are comfy and clean. The bathrooms have tile floors and some are a little bigger than others (some just have showers, no tub). All in all, it's a great place to stay, but could be a little on the pricey side (you pay for that fantastic Florida beach). There's no free breakfast, but there is a cafe in the hotel that serves a few breakfast/lunch/dinner items, and Starbucks coffee. The hotel has free wi-fi.  FYI, there's not much in this area (Hutchinson Island). It's a long strip of beach with a couple little shops, condos, and not much else. There is a convenience store across the street, and a CVS and pizza joint down the block, but if you want much more, you have to go back across the bridge to the mainland (about a 10-minute drive). This is just a great place to relax and enjoy the beach.
Great location.... Right on the beach.  Our room was small,  the bathroom was very small.   We had a balcony overlooking the atlantic ocean but it was attached to the balcony next door .  There was no privacy.   Staff was friendly and helpful.
I enjoyed my 1 night stay here and found the room to be well equipped with nice Caribbean decor and a great ocean view.   The bathroom was small with little space to set down anything.   The wifi could be improved as it was unusable in my room and spotty elsewhere.  The gym was also a bit of a let down, cramped with 2 worn out treadmills, 2 elliptically, 1 bike and minimum dumb bells with no bench or room to use them.
this was a great find. if you want to get away and hear only the ocean when you go to sleep and wake up with a beautiful veiw and quite beaches. this is the place
