For a chain restaurant, Outback is one of the better options. The Blooomin' Onion is always a great way to start a meal.  All the salads and soups are equally good. You can't go wrong with any steaks offered although my favorite is the special sirloin. If you want a real taste treat, try the Teriyaki Medallions.  These beautiful steaks chunks are marinated in teriyaki and grilled with onions and peppers on a skewer. Served with yellow rice and a vegetable (get the asparagus!) and you've got a tasty treat you won't forget. One thing to keep in mind is be careful of how you like your steak cooked. Outback pays a lot of attention to asking you the temperature you want but you may end up with something very different and never even know it. One of the waitresses pointed out that the restaurant uses a very specific type of lightbulb over the tables that give off a super pink light. This light gives the restaurant a nice glow but is really designed to make the meat look pinker, regardless of how it was really cooked. It doesn't matter if the meat was cooked to shoe leather, it will look as if it was medium rare at the table. This greatly reduces the returned steak orders because the meat never looks over cooked regardless of how it really comes to the table. Use your smartphone flashlight for yourself and you'll see what I mean.   Nice restaurant overall!
Love Out Back! And here in Stuart is my favorite. The manager in this restaurant is top notch! The servers Are normally awesome as is the food! Keep up the good work guys. This is one of my favorites here in Stuart.
Just left Outback in Stuart, Fl and I am not impressed with the food. The blooming onion was so greasy, my husbands steak was fatty, although mine was good.  I did like the potato soup and the loaded baked potato and also the cheesecake was good. The check was for $50.00... For lunch! I would have gone somewhere else  if I had known...too bad because I was really  excited about going to Outback.
I went here with my in-laws for a birthday dinner a few weeks ago and we had a great experience. The hostess and waitresses were all very friendly and the wait times for a table and food were pretty quick.
I like the food and service here. However, don't tell me there's a 20 minute wait, and then make me wait 45 minutes.  I will never wait here again. The prime rib was tasty, but overcooked.  I usually order prime rib rare, but the menu and the waitress led me to believe rare would be too raw for me.  So I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium by their definition. If we had not been starving at this point, I would have sent it back.
Best waitress in town, Danielle, made a difference in our visit to Outback but hostes messed up our table twice.  The food was ok, drinks were very good.  We ordered margaritas with patron tequila.  Over roll it was a good expirience ..
Last night, we had this ordered to-go to beat the evening traffic and crowd. I haven't had the chance to dine in the restaurant so expect a future review about it later on. I had the Outback Signature medium rare steak with sweet potatoes and a dessert of carrot cake. The steak was delicious and perfectly cooked and the sweet potatoes were amazing especially when it was my first time having cinnamon and butter with it. It made the potato much more sweeter but not like it brought pain to the cavities in my teeth. Now, for dessert on the other hand did. I mean carrot cake is already originally sweet and there isn't really any reason to add more sugar to it. Basically the sweetness was overkill and for a carrot cake lover, I guess I may be a bit harsh but I really didn't enjoy it which is why I can only give this rating an overall 4-star. I mean the Publix cakes are just awful so I expected Outback's carrot cake to be beyond better than that but alas was disappointed.
Had dinner at the outback in Stuart for the first time last night. What a friendly staff. We've been through Outbacks all over the country, and this one is worth going to just because the staff is so friendly! The foods always good at outback. No surprise there. But the staff was impressive! Check it out!
It is a chain, nothing crazy, but looks pretty nice, as someone else noted it looks like it has been redecorated fairly recently. They are now offering steak cooked on the open wood grill I believe vs. their traditional option, so might be a little better for you/good option to try? Service was very pleasant.
It's a chain, but the quality is pretty consistent, and prices are reasonable.  This location was recently redecorated inside and out, and looks fabulous.  The parking lot is usually full to overflowing, so be prepared to walk from waaaaaay out in the back of the restaurant.
