I love the atmosphere of Bonefish. Even though the place is packed to the brim, there is a lot of intimacy. The food is absolutely delicious. I've been multiple times and have never had a bad meal. Even with the revision of the menu, the food is still phenomenal. The staff are friendly and very accommodating.
Our first time eating at this chain and I am "hooked". Our waitress was prompt and very nice. I had the fresh seafood ceviche, which was indeed, fresh & very flavorful along with the bang bang shrimp tacos. Delicious. If you go during happy hour (Sunday-Thursday 4-6:30) they are only $5 & $6 and house wines are $3.25. Great deal. My husband had the sirloin and crab cake that were cooked to perfection, and my mother had the 1/2 lb Kobe beef burger that was also cooked perfectly and delicious. Save room, though, for their famous coconut pie!!!
I have eaten at Bonefish every time I'm in the area and I've been there many times. It's one of my favorite chain restaurants bc they excel in every category.  For starters...they take reservations which is hard to find.  Service has always been exceptional and the food is always fresh. I've had the bang bang shrimp and ahi tuna for apps and they are great. Even their house salad was very well put together with great ingredients.   For dinner, I recommend their fish but go simple.  Chilean sea bass, monkfish and salmon were fresh and tasty. My only criticism is that the hostess misplaced our reservation twice but in the end...they accommodated us and we were all very satisfied. By the way...their free bread is homemade and really really good.
We made our regular Friday night dine out to one of our favorite places.  As usual it was jammed but now at least you can get a reservation which helped with the crowds. I  love the bang bang shrimp  but for some reason they were either off on their mix or have changed it. I hope not but either way it lost its bang!   Otherwise food was good - service good but just too busy and noisy. Sometimes success kills a great place- hope this doesn't happen here. Ronn, just Ronn The hole in the wall food guy
My first Bonefish experience and I have to say, it was pretty dang good. The thai coconut shrimp appetizer was tremendous, heavily breaded of course but that's normal.  Had the swordfish for dinner and it was perfectly cooked and delicious. My sides were spaghetti squash, rice and garlic whipped potatoes - all great as well. Definitely leagues ahead of Red Lobster as far as chains go. I'll definitely be back.
Eat here often and has ways been enjoyable. Staff is always professional and kind, food is delicious. Order the bacon wrapped scallops or their famous bang bang shrimp
We've eaten at two other Bonefish Grills in the Carolina's that were outstanding so we were excited to try the local fare. Unfortunately, the service was just okay and the food was just average. The tables are so close together that you feel crammed in and it really takes away from the atmosphere. Their signature Bam Bam Shrimp featured on Wednesdays' is really good and the price is reasonable - it would be great for a group happy hour get together. Like another reviewer said. "It is edible, but not memorable." If you're looking for fine dining - go some place else.
We just did Mother's Day here yesterday and it was wonderful. Alesia, the Russian waitress was on her game and the best waitress we've ever experienced in many restaurants. Mother was happy and full of smiles which is priceless.
Baja Tacos with the mango salsa was delicious, Sea Bass with Mango Salsa great, the seafood is fresh and the mango salsa is good. The Coconut pie is AWESOME and the best thing we had I knew we should have ordered two because the wife and I didn't want to share. The chocolate brownie was good too but the Coconut Pie takes the Cake! Try this place today Service is topnotch the wait staff wear Chef Coats which I think is Kewl=Cool.
Please refrain from saying its not on the water we know that are you dumb ? what have you been landlocked your whole life. WE ARE TALKING ABOUT THE FOOD HERE , SERVICE AND THE DRINKS . The place is junk they have cook not a chef and he is no cook he is a hack , the town is full of private jets going in and out and no place to eat for that matter a decent place to have a drink .
Came here for the first time this weekend and I was blown away. This place wins points off the bat for giving you pesto to dip your bread in. Not to mention the bread was right out of the oven warm. We sampled a few appetizers: bang bang shrimp (awesome), thai coconut shrimp (my personal favorite), and the fried calamari (pretty standard but good). I ordered the swordfish with a side of their seasonal vegetables, which were spinach with chick peas and pumpkin ravioli.  The whole dish was exceptional but the pumpkin ravioli blew me away. Seriously, if you have the chance to order it (its seasonal) do it! Others at the table ordered the haddock special with garlic mashed potatoes, seabass, and shrimp with scallops. All of which were amazing. For dessert we went with creme brulee and jens jamacian coconut pie. It was hard to choose which was one better, they were both so good! We had a birthday at the table and the manager even came out to personally thank us for choosing to celebrate with them and even gave the birthday girl a little gift, which was a really nice gesture.  Overall, I have to say we had a great night, ate great food, and received exceptional service from beginning to end.  I can't wait to come back!
This place never disappoints. The second you see your waiter, order a Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer. I've absolutely loved every Special I've eaten and the ahi tuna is a great go-to item. Get garlic mashed potatoes as a side and you will thank me.
The food and the atmosphere absolutely awesome. Had the Thai Coconut Shrimp for an appetizer and the Chilean Sea Bass with Steamed Veggies. Both are very delicious and would definitely recommend it to everyone that I know.
Gosh, I love this place.  Every single time I go here the food and service are excellent and reasonable. The Cobey burgers, shrimp curry, bang bang shrimp, you name it.  You just can't lose at Bonefish Grill. The staff is amazing - we had a nice chat with our waiter the visit before last, who made accurate menu recommendations.
Such a great place. Food is excellent! Try anything and you will enjoy it. Fantastic wait staff.
Great chowder and fish n chips. Excellent staff too.
We have been going to Bonefish since we lived in Naples, FL then Memphis, TN. We have always had great service and great food. We were surprised when we went to this one Stuart, it was busy. The food was bad as Red Lobster, tasteless. I will never go bad to Bonefish, since there are way better places to eat in Stuart. Plus our service was bad and I always look forward to the bread, which was very dry.
Consistently good food and great service.
The Bang Bang shrimp is amazing. The staff is always friendly. The food is pricy, but it's worth it.
Bonefish Grill Stuart serves amazing meals during dinner hour! The traffic tonight was slow on the dining side but on the bar side, it was pretty lively. The table arrangement at the booth are standard. The lighting in the room is very dim and wish they had some more minor lighting near or in between each booth because I had trouble reading the text on the menu even when I had my reading glasses on! My boyfriend and I chose the quiet dining area. We started off with fish tacos with baked potato chips, clam chowder soup of the day, and beef dumplings covered in jalapenos (spicy for me!) Our waitress (will not mention race of individual) was sweet but not very attentive to listening carefully nor taking down our dinner meals correctly. She seemed to have a lot on her mind, under pressure, and in a rush. Also, she spoke without thinking first or let us finish talking which got on my nerves just a tad. We ordered the Ahi Tuna Tokyo style, Lily's Atlantic Salmon, and Rhea's Orange Roughy. After taking our orders, she left and came back about 20 minutes later to hand us our meals but gave us 1 Ahi Tuna and 2 Roughies. She started to talk back telling us that she heard us mention 2 servings of the Roughy dish rather the Atlantic Salmon so there was some miscommunication there. I have worked in food service and when I've made a mistake, I apologize and get it right. I don't see the point of standing there and arguing with the customer. There was a female couple that sat near us and I overheard their conversation-- apparently they had the same waitress as we did, and the waitress screwed up on their orders too and made them wait very long for the corrections. There is something that almost always comes up to delay the delivery of the meals but my only beef was the customer service and talking back attitude. Nonetheless, the food was phenomenal and always has been. My Ahi Tuna was delicious. I was a little disappointed that the amount of Jasmine rice was minimal for a $20~ meal-- a little biased because I am a fan of Jasmine rice. The mixed veggies were alright, the broccoli and green beans were great but the carrots and zucchini were overcooked. Anyway, after we cleared up the correct meal that we originally wanted, the manager of the night came over to chat with us and was very apologetic for the mix up which I thought was a very professional choice on his part. My boyfriend got a free meal out of the mix up and we both enjoyed our meals, so we were glad. To sum it up, keep up the delicious meals, BFG! =)
Ate seafood all week in and around Stuart this was the best fish we had grouper. Not on water though
One thing I detest is tables jammed together like sardines.  Our party of two were seated at a two top that was about 8 inches from the tables on either side. We may as well have been at their table. Food wise, lobster roll was great according to my date. My fish & chips were very greasy, making the coating soggy and the cod mushy...yuk.
I absolutely loved this place when I was here. I came here on a Tuesday and I was shocked at how packed the restaurant was. The atmosphere was amazing and we got the dinner deal, which had A LOT of food on the plate. The chicken I got was delicious and perfectly cooked. Now that I'm back home in California though.. I still keep thinking about that Bang Bang Shrimp. Hands down the most amazing shrimp I've ever had... and it was happy hour so it only cost $5?!
So it's a chain and blah, blah, blah, but this is a consistent place for food/bar and scene. I especially like the crab and corn chowder, bang bang shrimp, and seared tuna. The signature cocktails and martinis are great. They have a white sangria and watermelon martini that are very good. Go on a Wed. for $5 bang bang shrimp and happy hour. Definitely call ahead on a Fri/Sat night.
Always great food and great atmosphere - local fav.  Get there early to avoid crowds.
As good as it gets!  Not only was the meal exceptional - Grilled Salmon with mango salsa...the Bang-Bang Shrimp was banging as usual.  The service was as near perfect as it can get...attentive but not intrusive.  The manager came over to check on us, to assure we were enjoying our meal.  Three of us and not a morsel left on our plates...I think that says it all.
Our favorite spot in Stuart! Great food amazing wine selection for a chain restaurant. We have never had a bad experience.
I like this place well enough but do they ever change their "specials"? How long do Monkfish and Orange Roughy really need to be on special? Great burgers, though.
I don't like going to chains, but I make a few exceptions.  I have celiacs and they have a gluten free menu that I love.  I had the mahi mahi with their mango salsa, everything was fresh and delicious.
The restaurants around here are huge, which sometimes make you feel like you are eating in a warehouse with a few other people. This place is huge but so packed that it oddly feels loudly intimate. I do like being here and the food is great. Bang bang shrimp and calamari are tasty fried goodness. I have not had a bad fish dish (Salmon, Tuna and Dorado so far), everything was fresh and perfectly cooked with well complemented sides. Great bar with a decent wine list and knowledgeable friendly staff.
Just ate here and loved it! Beautiful ambience, nice menu selection (not too much, not too little) and delicious food. Make sure if you order an entree that offers a large or a small portion that you specify which size you want, or else they'll just give you the large. I had a swordfish special and it was excellent. Our waiter Spencer but friendly & funny. The entrees took a little longer than expected to come out, but we enjoyed our time here anyway. My parents have come here 3 or 4 times and love it. Definitely give it a try!
Nice atmosphere. Attentive waiters. Consistent food selections. Way above average. Get a booth if possible. Tables are a little close for my liking.
The location of this place makes it look questionable, but you are in a whole different world when you walk in. The place is dimly lit with calming wall decorations. The staff is friendly and talkative (at times a little too much). On to the real reason that I gave this place a 5-star rating: the food. I got the talapia, which comes with a sauce in the side. I got the lemon butter sauce, which was great and also good to dip bread in. The fish was phenomenal. The fish was so tender and light, that I think it's fair to say that I've never had better fish. If you're in the area, please, for your own benefit, go to Bonefish.
