I'm not gonna lie -- City Beer Hall is pretty freaking cool. This was my first experience there and I really enjoyed it (it also helps that I was in the company of fellow Yelpers). So they have several different beers, as you would expect from a place called the City Beer Hall. I started out with my tried and true: Guinness. After that, I tried some of the other beers they have that I'd never heard of. They were all pretty good, and I particularly liked Arrogant Bastard. It may be partly because I've been called that on occasion. As mentioned by others, you get a free pizza...for every single beer you buy. The group of us accumulated a lot of these free pizzas and I still have some tickets left over. The pizza is small (it fits perfectly on a paper plate) and very thin, but it surprisingly is also pretty damn good. You wouldn't expect much out of it but it doesn't disappoint. I destroyed about three of them and honestly could have handled some more. The main floor has the bar, plus a number of fairly large tables that you can sit at. Upstairs there's another smaller bar, but that's also where they keep their prized feature: a mechanical bull. Apparently they don't normally operate it on slow nights, but we wanted to check it out, and so did a birthday group, so the staff fired it up. While I didn't personally ride it, it was a lot of fun to watch everyone else get their asses kicked by it. The Yelp crew took that bull on with a commendable alcohol-fueled intensity because that's how real Yelpers roll. Elite athleticism. The patio area downstairs is pretty nice. It was so nice that a bat decided to drop in at one point and visit with our table. I thought it was considerate of the little guy to say hello, but it freaked out some of the others in our group. Of course at that point, I was loving it even more because it became entertainment. Some other reviewers mentioned parking. It can be a little confusing when you pull in -- the parking lot only becomes free parking for the City Beer Hall AFTER 5:00 PM on weekdays. There are several spots along the western side of the parking lot that are marked as reserved for NYSP PBA only. I don't know if that remains in effect even after 5:00 PM, so I just parked on the other side of the lot. Don't pull all the way forward because it's likely someone will box you in. On that side of the lot, there is room in each spot to park a couple cars in front of each other. This lot is probably only useful on slower nights because it's small and I imagine that it fills up very quickly during peak times. I plan on visiting the City Beer Hall again. It was a good experience and I'd recommend it if you're looking to try out a new place for drinks.
Let me preface this by saying we are beer snob devotees of Mahar's. I really didn't want to like this place. We arrived at 5:15 on a Saturday night and there was a decent crowd.  There were four of us. They have long tables with benches very much like Wolff's Biergarten. It was so busy we had no choice but to share a table. The interior was nice but nothing too exciting. They also have a fireplace and a nice bar.  Loved the cool chandeliers that were made from salvaged parts. We had the cutest waitress. She was so tiny. She had to be probably the best waitress I've ever been served by.  She was so genuine and nice. I know she was the best server we've had the nearly seven years my husband and I have been together. I was very impressed with her knowledge of beer. My husband. who is the true beer snob of the two of us. told me she had an excellent knowledge of beer, it seemed like she really understood and seemed to not be just reciting information.   The beer list was wonderful. My best friend and my husband both had samplers, which is four 5 oz beers. I had my favorite beer, Lindeman's Framboise. There are only four places in the capital region I know where you can get served Lindeman's Framboise. Before 2011 there were two. Both of them were Mahar's! My other friend, my best friend's boyfriend, opted for a soda because he had to work that night. Because we got our beer we got the tickets for free pizza. First the guys went and then the girls went to get pizza. When it was our turn my friend and I went to the kitchen to get ours. You actually walk in to the kitchen to order your pizza. The guy who was serving it was so nice! The pizza was pretty yummy too. However, it was not the best. The best was yet to come. When the food came it was wonderful. I had the mac and cheese which was fantastic. Hubby got the turducken sandwich which was fantastic. There were no complaints from anyone about their food. Everyone was very pleased. Near the end of our meal our waitress offered to get me a water when my husband ordered another beer and my beer was empty. It was very nice. Eventually everyone at the table wanted water so she brought a carafe with water over for us with four glasses. We just sat there enjoying ourselves and talking and the waitress kept checking on us. Didn't feel rushed at all. If we didn't intend on doing something afterwards we could have stayed there all night talking probably. My only real complaint is that the second floor was not open. I wanted to check out the second floor and maybe see one of us ride the mechanical bull. It didn't open till 8 and we left at 7. The four of us had a hot date with Glowgolf at Crossgates. Overall, it was fun, but we didn't love the place. The atmosphere was lacking something. Food was delicious and the beer list was impressive. Service was excellent too. However, something was just  missing there. We do plan on going back,. The food is worth a return as well as the beer. However, Mahar's will still be our bar of choice and where we will be doing a vast majority of our beer drinking.
This is a review based on a 5 second experience in hopes that someone that works there will remedy this issue. We went in last night, which is apparently Trivia night. I have no real issue with Trivia nights, I actually like them. However, the guy who was running it must have purchased his P.A. system at myfirstelectronics.com. It was so ungodly loud and obnoxiously static filled we walked in, listened to it for about 10 seconds, then left and went elsewhere. For the love of god someone make that guy turn down the input knob on his mic. A real shame, I rarely get to go out in Albany and wanted badly to try this place but it was just too loud and annoying.
I have just returned from Washington State and the fair city of Seattle.  It is the microbrewery capital of America.  And I consider myself something of a beer snob as it were. The city beer hall has a great open fresh atmosphere.  High ceilings with sturdy wooden tables.  There is a beer garden out back with a separate bar and a kitchen in back.  Upstairs is a western motif room with a wild and crazy mechanical bull (no charge to ride). The had a nice selection of draft beer and a more interesting selection of bottled beers.  Many of the beers were local in the sense of from New England and Eastern Canada.  A selection to please most anyone.   We went on a Wednesday night which is free mini pizza night.  Having had dinner before arriving I only had one.  But for free it was edible(really crisp dough, mmm).  They had other food selections as well. I did not try them but they were all really reasonably priced.  I loved the whole experience. We were with a small group after work and left around 8:30pm.  So we missed the crazy part of the evening.  As we were leaving parking was plentiful and the night sky was awesome.  Just a good place!
Maybe we were just lucky tonight, but the last two seats available at one of the communal tables were by the fireplace on this chilly night.  The only disadvantage is that when you are leaving the rest of the Beer Hall feels drafty and cold... but not as cold and windy as outside. From a very nice list of draft craft beers we started with pints of Chatham Maple Amber Ale ($6/pint; $3/half-pint) 5% abv and Southern Tier 2Xmas ($7/pint; $4/half-pint) 8% abv.  The maple does not overpower the amber ale, while the Xmas ale is sweet with figs and a definite cinnamon flavor.  Regulars who come here already know that with every beer you order you receive a ticket good for a mini-cheese pizza.  Bring the ticket to the kitchen and they have it ready for you in about 3 to 4 minutes.  Considering it's FREE, it's not that bad. The Homemade Soup of the Day ($6) was asparagus.  Nice flavor and large croutons that soaked up the soup and almost filled you up.  The Quinoa Cakes ($8) were pan fried crispy yet not greasy, made with golden and red quinoa, kale, onion, garlic and capers, and served over some greens with a side of wasabi-cilantro aioli.  These were very good even after they reached room temperature. The Gastro Burger ($15) starts with Kilcoyne grass-fed Angus beef from the St. Lawrence Valley in northern New York.  This is the perfect way to start a burger!  The Gastro version is stuffed with Hudson Valley foie gras & topped with triple cream camembert cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a cream style sauce.  Served with hand-cut Yukon fries that had a flavoring that I couldn't recognize, but found delicious, and you've got a great combination of burger and fries.  In all honesty, I could not tell that there was any foie gras in the burger.  Maybe I didn't know what to expect.  It was cooked a bit more rare than the medium-rare I requested, but there is no way I would change any of it the next time.  Actually, I'll probably order the version without the foie gras the next time to see if I can tell the difference. As the crowd of patrons got ready for some beer-bottle-cap bingo we ordered half-pints of Ommegang Duvel Rustica ($8/pint; $5/half-pint) 8.5% abv, and Firestone Union Jack ($7/pint; $4/half-pint) 7.5% abv.  The Union Jack had a nice hoppyness while my wife thought the Duvel Rustica reminded her of the flavor of LePage school paste.  I disagreed so I gave her my Firestone. Our server Emma, was professional and efficient, especially considering the establishment was fully occupied.  Our only complaints were that one of our glasses of water tasted like it had not been properly rinsed and had the flavor of a detergent or bleach.  The noise level is VERY high.  While it was difficult to hear each other talking while we sat across from each other at the table, we couldn't even eavesdrop on the other couple who were sharing our table.  It was a good thing we weren't playing the bingo game because there was no way we could understand what the announcer was calling out over the sound system.  Just looked at their web site and see that EVERY Wednesday is Beer Hall Bingo night.  We'll try to remember that.
This place has recently positioned itself as a gasto pub. The food is fantastic, and the prices are very reasonable (especially for Albany). Most places in Albany that try to have upscale food price it in the land of WTF, but the Beer hall has amazing food at a very fair cost. Our server, Trevor, was fantastic and suggested a cheese board as an appetizer and the steak sandwich for my wife. I chose the Gastro Burger, which is a burger with local fois gras and triple cream Camembert. Standouts from the cheese board were the duck pastrami, pickled garlic scapes, and celery compote. The cheeses were mostly uninspiring and too mild. It would have been nice to have a strong cheese as a counterpoint to the mild. Neither cheese was bad, but they were so mild they didn't pair well with the rest of the board, or the beer. The beer list for drafts is very eclectic and features several obscure brews. Other gastro pubs in Albany have a ridiculous number of IPAs on their lists, but the Beer Hall only had four tonight ... a very reasonable number considering the size of their draft list. Seriously, for the price, the food here can't be beat; upscale bar food at a reasonable price (very surprising for Albany indeed) with the best fries in the city. I'd give five stars but the establishment seems to have some confusion about what it wants to be. The downstairs is set up with long tables in the style of a German beer hall, but the upstairs is a straight up Bro Bar with a mechanical bull. There is also a bouncer at the front door who looks like he should be doing metal shows at Valentine's. I'm sure he's a nice guy but if they want to position this place as a foodie joint with a good beer list (which they really SHOULD), the giant goon at the front door looming like Andre the Giant maybe needs to guard the stairs to the Bro Bar instead of the front door. The message this sends is that this is a place where The Shit Gets real and they need this guy at the door. The most dramatic thing that happens downstairs, in my experience, is the Armageddon-like thumping of the mechanical bull upstairs.
City Beer Hall has become my go-to bar. Maybe I'm a sucker for free pizza, or maybe I like the diversity of seating options and wide open space. Might also be the decent selection of beers on tap or the mechanical bull. It's probably a little of all of the above. I've come here on various occasions, from a quick after work drink to a large event. Even when it's packed, I've never felt claustrophobic, probably due to the high ceilings and availability of outdoor seating. I have yet to try their other food selections, but with the former owner of the Wine n' Diner on staff, I'm optimistic.
Good selection of beer.  We ordered Utica Clubs in these HUGE scooner mugs.  Each mug was a quart, and each was only $7.  Add the free flat pizza, and I'd say it was a pretty good deal.  The bartender was pretty good looking, and she joked around with us about the huge UCs. We got seated quick, and the waiter was pretty attentive.  Brought out more UCs in the quart mugs as soon as we finished off the first round, and our ladies pint mugs were kept full. The food was ok.  I ate a Juicy Lucy, just because I like to say "Juicy Lucy" and it was a pretty good burger.  My lassie had a veggie burger, and she said it was the real deal, not some knock off frozen puck of tofu mush that some places serve. All in all dinner was decent, and the waiter was good. He earned his tip. After dinner, we went up to ride the bull.  Not that much fun, but we all had at least a half gallon of Utica Clubs on board.  My pal got knocked off the bull and his toe got caught underneath it...he bled like a schoolgirl.  The ladies rode the bull, but really you only last about 2.6 seconds, then they dump you off sideways. Pretty fun night and a decent meal.  I'd go back.
So I'm not sure if the bar gets really packed, but early on a Saturday before a 9:30 it was pretty empty, which honestly is fine by me. The beer selection was really nice, and I got a 6 dollar flight of beers which seems like the over all best deal. The pints don't look like pint glasses and I'm not sure if I'm failing the optical illusions test or if they are really cheating you out of a full pint, either way it's 7 dollars for the skinniest glass ever. So opting for a flight where you can try even more beers seems more reasonable. There are a lot of different options for your beer drinking experience which I appreciate. You can get bottles, and cans they have a giant list. You can get 1/2 pints, pints, and bigger and bigger and bigger and a flight. Also you can take a growler home. You do get pizza tickets, we didn't get the pizza. It looked awful and I'm vegan so I can't eat it anyways. But anyone who loves the pizza can come drink with me and get my free tickets cause they will be of waste on me.. (unless you can get a pizza w/out the cheese...can you do that? someone let me know). Overall I really liked this bar, but than again I go to the bar so I can enjoy beers and not socialize...and there wasn't a lot of people in the bar. I also appreciate that they got free parking (there are signs) Idk how long that's been there but I remember the first time I tried to come I couldn't find parking and gave up.
Good variety of beers, especially on tap.  Free pizza with a pint of beer- Nice. Love the fireplace. Fast & friendly service. Good place to go to unwind with friends.
This place has been open for a while, and I'm embarrassed to say I have only just recently been there. Needless to say, I had a blast while I was there. They had a great number of craft beers available. The prices were not too terrible either. I was a little disappointed that they had "just run out" of the first beer I tried to order. I think I might have been fed a line to placate me, but I really wasn't too mad about it because there were a lot of other things to choose from. Can we talk about how you get a ticket for a free pizza every time you order a beer? Let's get real. The pizza isn't the best. It's on par with some microwave personal pans I've had, but I will never (repeat. never) complain about free pizza...especially after I've had a couple brews. Let's not forget to mention the mechanical bull. Endless entertainment. Whether you're giving it a shot yourself or just watching other drunk folk trying their best. It's always good for a laugh. They also have some board games available to play at the picnic table seating (my friends and I played some Jenga). I'd definitely recommend this place for groups looking for a fun night out.
The Beer Hall has really gone downhill.  When we first started going a couple years ago, it was awesome, and we were there once or twice a week.  Great food, good service, fun atmosphere (especially for Bingo on Wednesday nights). Things went seriously awry just before they changed their menu.  There's no theme to it - random international foods and flavors mixed in with the leftovers from their original menu, and they jacked all the prices up (steak frites used to be $16 - worth it, and their new concoction is $20 with a side of rice...or quinoa, not sure.) The wait staff literally ignores you until you go get someone, or your food/drinks are ready.  They don't open the upstairs area or bar until a certain time, even if it's packed downstairs and there are no tables available.  This seems short sighted on their part, and we've walked out a few times, not even bothering to try to get to the bar. Bingo is now a sad, pathetic, awkward version of what used to be a good time. The tiny pizzas haven't changed, and they're always good, so if you want to stand around the bar with your beer in one hand and a tiny pizza in the other while yelling over the crowd to your friends - rock on.
This place is awesome, you get a free personal pizza with every beer you buy. The pizza takes 5 minutes to make and it is pretty good. Good selection of beer for very fair price. Never overly packed to the point that its uncomfortable and most of the time seating space is avaialbe....oh and they have a mechanical bull upstairs, so try your rodeo skills.
The City Beer Hall is a fun place to go for a evening. The seem to have a good variety of beers and their mixed drinks are well made. I am particularly fond of their mojitos. This beer hall consists of a downstairs with a number of long tables, a side room where mini pizzas are made ( you win tickets for these when buying beer), and an upstairs with a mechanical bull. The bull is one of the more fun elements of this place. City Beer Hall also serves some overpriced food as well. The dishes sound very gourmet but left something to be desired. I ordered the calamari and truffled mac and cheese which while good where not stellar. The mac and cheese in particular was too creamy and had no stringiness, but I am very particular about this dish. The chicken and waffles are also a good choice. This was my first ever chicken and waffles dish so perhaps I may not have great perspective. The chicken was nice and crunchy and the waffles crisp. The melding of sweet and savory made for a good combination. I have also tried the brunch at City Beer Hall. The french toast was very good and nicely paired with a lovely mimosa. This is a great place to go for a boozy breakfast. I would definitely encourage people to stop by on a night out in downtown Albany. In the summer it also has a large outdoor seating area. They also seem then advertise for a number of special events though I have no idea what the pricing is. I'd like to try but I dislike not knowing the pricing beforehand.
Another visit tonight after several over the last two years. Very good experience.  Called ahead for a party of 22' added four more and everyone found space. Great beer, although they just sell it, on tap and very solid foods.  Good flavor balances and fresh ingredients tell me the Sysco truck sells less here than the normal bar restaurant in downtown.  Keep up the good work, and for gods sake, get a session IPA.  Does nobody get the fact that 7 percent beer makes bad drivers?
Meh. I was really hopeful for this place when I heard it was going to be opening. In fact, I was there on opening day, and I can't say I was overly impressed. It was a hot summer day and the bar was about 95 degrees so we all crammed onto the back deck because the interior was unbearable. I like that this is one of the only places in the Capital Region where you can get Captain Lawrence on tap. However, I thought all of their beers on tap were pretty pricey. Maybe I'm used to Stout on Tuesday night or The Ruck in Troy, but I really don't want to pay $6 or $7 for a pint that they won't even fill up to the glass line. The free pizza thing is a nice touch, but I rather have decent beer prices and skip the pizza than get tickets for pizzas that I'm not going to have the stomach for. Oh, by the way, don't save those tickets for another visit because that's against the rules. Sorry, but if I order 2 or 3 beers, I'm not going to eat 3 pizzas. The mechanical bull is a funny attraction but it's only on when the bar is busy, so time it right if you're coming for that. I've been there for a group event and thought the catered food was alright. The pasta primavera was way too cream heavy but for free food, I really can't complain. The place was busy that evening and it took a good amount of time to get the attention of a bartender to get a beer. That kind of annoys me. I don't really get their location, seems way off the beaten path so we'll see if they survive. I've gone by on weekend afternoons and seen the place completely closed, which seems weird to me for a bar. Bottom line... If you like a decent tap selection, even if pricey, and picnic table style bar tables, and a mechanical bull, this might be your new place. I'll pass.
This place is REALLY good.  Very pricey, but seriously good.  Great staff, great beer, a broad selection of good food and the best Bloody Mary in Albany.  Don't bother with the free pizzas that come with the drink specials during the weekdays.  They're rubbish, but everything else is terrific.
We were really impressed with our visit to The City Beer Hall. I am always a sucker for a great beer selection, even more so when the wait staff is knowledgeable and can make recommendations based on what you typically like. Surprisingly though, the food stole the show here - we did not expect as high a quality meal as we got. We went with the charcuterie plate (the goat cheeses were incredible), wild boar schnitzel and the pheasant sausage (can't even say I had heard of that one before). The boar dish was country fried steak-ish and was ok, glad I tried it but wouldn't order again (there was a mustard sauce with it that saved it) - but the sausage was REALLY good. The atmosphere is fun and lively (packed on a weeknight is always a good sign), though maybe I'm getting old because sitting on a wooden bench was not something I was in love with. Overall this is a great find and considering the prices are very reasonable for what you get, it is a must try.
Just want to update this to make sure people know they have the biggest outdoor patio in Albany - or anywhere else I have seen.  We LOVE teh patio, with the only downside being an occasional smoker out there.  The Food is fantastic and creative.  This has become our go-to place in Albany, replacing the Gastropub, which replaced Wolff's which replaced Mahar's.  Still love wolff's and the gastropub. this is just better with the patio and food.  We have taken many of our friends there and everyone has really enjoyed it so far - for a few of them it has become their favorite also.  For those 40 somethings like me, don't be put off by hearing about a mechanical bull - it is on the 2nd floor in the "cowboy" bar. Also they now have a good wine selection and added cocktails with the new menu that started now (June)
The good- food is above average to excellent. Beer selection is above average but nothing outstanding like the Bier Abbey. You get a free mini flat bread pizza with each beer (you always have to ask the server for a ticket, they never just give them out) The bad -atmosphere is bland, not much to do, no darts or pool and tonight all three TV's on the same pre season hockey game?. Staff has no idea how to provide even basic service. My last visit I was served a glass that was covered in dried food, made to wait 10 minutes at an empty bar to get it exchanged, no apology. Tonight I went and was sat immediately. Then it took server 10 minutes to come get my drink order, then another 20 til it was brought to the table. This all happening at a half empty restaurant.
Brunch- huevos rancheros and my Bear Republic black IPA was amazing. Service was quick and friendly!  Been here after work and usually happy about drinks - dinner /lunch food i've had in the past were okay but not amazing. The 5 stars are for brunch!! After work / evening gets closer to 3.75 stars  because of loudness and food.
I love this place, it has such a great atmosphere and variety of beers which change all the time! With every beer you order you get a ticket which will give you one free pizza (personal size) great while having some drinks with friends or as an appetizer for dinner. The food is good too, the truffle Mac and cheese is my favorite the prices are a little high for some of the menu items but overall a great experience for any week night or weekend. Also great for family dinner or just a night on the town with friends. I am dying to try the Saturday and Sunday beer brunch, I wish more places offered brunch on Saturdays!
LOVE this place. The pizza is brilliant (and yummy). They have an amazing outdoor seating area in the summer, a mechanical bull which is entertaining, and big bench-style seating. It's my favorite bar to drink beer, eat pizza, and chill with friends. Not necessarily where I would go for a crazy night out, it's more low-key.
I cannot say enough about this place. The beer selection is incredible, the location is superb. The menu looked awesome-and free pizza with a beer purchase?! Unreal.   The bartender (Connor I believe) was incredibly well versed on the beers and gave me a sampler that I loved. The atmosphere is great, definitely good for lunch and dinner but I can imagine its a great late night place as well. They have a mechanical bull! I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Albany.
Albany was our layover for the night on our way to Montreal.  (Another one of our kaahjoshi adventures (korean american ahjoshi- copyright me 2010)).  Found this barstaurant on yelp so we went for a late dinner.  Nice bar with a large selection of beers.  The crowd seemed like mostly grad students.  The free thin crust pizzas were freshly made and tasty.  We also ordered some calamari and fries to pair with our drinks/beers.  Not bad. I can't give five stars because although they have huge selection of beers, most of the beers were very hoppy.  Hoppy, not happy.  That is, many of the beers were very aromatic and almost flowery/fruity in smell.  And the variety of the beers were the result of combination/permutation of different types/levels of hops.  I prefer more of a simple clean taste, e.g., stout, port, IPA, etc., in my beer.  So a minor issue with their beers' flavor intensity. Lastly, they have a mechanical bull upstairs.  Since I am the best man and had organized this bachelor road trip, I played the fool and gave it a go.  In the service of a friend, I say.  Also, no one else from our party was willing.  Signed the waiver and then quickly fell off the bull thrice.  I wore slacks which were too slick.  Jeans would have provided more grip.
Big beer selection!  A lot more bottles than on draft but still good.  Its a great place in Albany and looks amazing.  Big tables with bench seating and the waiters and waitresses are great.  If you're just coming for the beer and ambiance you'll be very delighted! Now, the food...meh...not so great.  I'm vegan though, so the fact that they had a veggie burger option was great.  Also, friends told me that the sheppards pie was good.  Friend had the burger (it was over cooked and not so good).  But who cares, you are there for the great BEER!
One of my favorite places to go in Albany. Definitely an experience. For one, the food is fantastic, the chicken sandwich is amazing and I could eat the goat cheese they put on it with a spoon. I've tasted the mussels, also amazing. Their on tap beer list changes daily, and the bottle selection is amazing. They literally have everything you could think of, and always have a local brew available. You get a free pizza ticket with every beer, and the pizza isn't bad. It's basically a tortilla with cheap sauce and cheese on it. But it's a great thing to have so that you can keep drinking! Not only can you drink and eat, you can go ride the mechanical bull, and play jenga if you want. Which always entertains my non-drinking boyfriend. Their patio was rated top in the area by the local newspaper for good reason. So large, comfortable, great scenery. Also, our waitress last night, named Lindsay was fantastic. She said she was new, but handled our $200 bill-night, fantastically. Most waiters get nervous at that point. She had a great attitude and had a sweet personality!
Here for lunch while attending a CLE.  Wish I had went here for lunch yesterday! Had the turducken sandwich which was really moist and just all around awesome. Was able to sample 4 beers that were great and was happy to try on draft. Very friendly bartenders.  A+!
This place has a really, really great brunch! For anywhere between $9-$15, you get your meal and your choice of beverage, which can include coffee, juice, mimosas, sangria, and beer. You can actually get the beer and get a flight of 4 beers (5 oz each) and it's still included in your meal. Now that is what I call a great deal. The food itself is pretty good as well and my fiancée and I both enjoyed our meals. The only downside is that you share your dining space with other people (everyone is seated at picnic tables), but it's not too bad. I've been here for just a drink too and you get a small 8 in pizza with each drink purchase. The pizza is actually pretty good and a nice bonus when ordering a drink. I definitely recommend this place!
The (basement) is really really cool. Pretty awesome place!!! Went there for the opening night a month ago, had a total blast! Everyone was all dressed up to fit the era. The drinks were so delicious and a real adventure for the mouth! The decor is beautifully designed, love the lights at the bar and the slab of concrete. Love the Man Ray photos they have in there too and there's also a cool tag by the far end of the place, lit up. The ladies bathroom is really interesting, you can see through the wine cellar. Had a great time there. Really cool place to hang out, low key style. You can also sit inside the vault room, kind of like vip haha. Should definitely email/call a head of time to reserve a table, if you want to sit at the booth (cool table!) Also went upstairs and got the fried chicken sandwich. Every time I go to Albany, I keep thinking about that sandwich!!!
Cool building, excellent beer selection, awesome awesome awesome menu. Beer ordering scheme is novel. The free pizza is pretty yummy, but c'mon I want some of that awesome gastro-fun menu. Location is inconvenient due to weird hill and parking situation. Still my favorite place downtown, on par with bier garden and firmly beating down the stuck in a rut Pump Station.
Nice cozy like atmosphere with a real fire place and a straight forward menu with homemade  veggie burgers, arugula goat cheese salad with barley and sautéed pears (vinaigrette dressing was a bit overpowering but good with beer), and truffle mac & cheese is all good. My man and I both got a 4 beer flight for $6 not sure if it was happy hour (7PM on Wed. night) but what a deal! The bartender/server was so pleasant and helpful that I was double happy to leave a review. After driving 4 1/2 hrs. This warm cozy pub was a pleasure and treat.
I can't say I know what City Beer Hall is like at night; I haven't even seen the famed mechanical bull.  I've only been for brunch on a Saturday, which seemed like a secret it was so quiet in there.  But that should change--what a deal brunch can be. The key to brunch at City Beer Hall is that meals come with a choice of craft beer, mimosa, screwdriver, bloody mary or fresh-squeezed juice.  The beer I ordered, an excellent Ommegang D'Hougoumont, would have been $7 off the menu.  Having it included with my order of the 518 Burger and fries for $10.99?  Already a great start. The burger itself was pretty good.  The patty is Kilcoyne grass-fed beef, which I ordered medium-rare.  If anything, it came out a little too rare.  The beef was juicy (though maybe a little too juicy for the bottom of the bun), and City Beer Hall gets bonus points just for using grass-fed beef and good cheddar.  Fries were hand-cut and still pretty crispy. K went with a more civilized lunch, opting for the roasted beet salad with orange juice.  The salad was impressive, unlike so many you get in restaurants: the beets were plentiful, the arugula was fresh, and they didn't skimp on the gorgonzola.  Some bread with the salad would have been nice, though. We'll need to head back for dinner and drinks, but I don't know--brunch may call again before that happens.
The City Beer Hall is one of my favorite places in Albany. The beer selection is always  amazing. They do a nice job writing little descriptions for each beer on the draft menu. The free pizza that comes with the beer is actually quite tasty. The menu offers a nice variety of dishes, and changes with the seasons. The dishes are very well executed. Brunch is available until 3 on the weekends, and you get a free beer with your entree. WOOHOO!
Originally went here for a speed dating event. The event was a bust but the night took a pleasant turn when on my way out I ran into a few friends who had come for the night. The night I was there there was a live 13 piece brass band playing, old 20's style jazz, Gatsby-style. I'm not sure if it was the relief of the event being over or the big band or the American flag hanging on the wall - but I nearly feel in love with this place. All the clientele who I met were pleasant and kind, especially for a bar. Table service = excellent. Prices = very good. Decor = better than much one sees in Albany, elegant in a hip city way. They even moved one of the tables so people could dance. You could tell all around it's very well managed. Bonus - there's even an outside area!
Dry waffle. Garden burger fell apart. Brunch deal is still so good I don't care. I'm going back despite the pushy busboy
Worst service ever.  I decided to give the place a second try and boy i wish i hadn't.  Went for restaurant week, waited 30 minutes for our appetizer, then 45 minutes to be served our dessert before we even got our entree.  The waitress was absolutely clueless.  AWFUL!!!!
GREAT grilled cheese with pear and jalapeno jelly! Wonderful atmosphere.
I visited the City Beer Hall very shortly after it opened and actually liked it quite a bit. My experience on a subsequent visit left a lot to be desired, however. On the first visit, the place was practically empty. Granted, my friends and I went when it was still daylight outside, so that's to be understood. The beer prices were kinda high, but they had a decent draft selection so we dealt with it. Some people in my group split the $15 for the "bucket o' beer," which included cans of cheap beers like PBR, Utica Club, and Foster's. There were only five cans in the bucket (which was so cruddy that when the ice in the bucket melted, it leaked all over our table), and considering the brands, it wasn't really worth the fifteen bucks. Despite that, we had a good time and the free "pizza," which tastes like tomato sauce and cheese on a large saltine, was decent. It's about what you'd expect from a free pizza from a bar: it's nothing fancy, but when you're buzzed and ravenous, it tastes like a million dollar pie. My next visit was aggravating. It was much more crowded and lively, and my party spent most of our time on the patio, which is gorgeous and pleasant to be on during warmer weather. We then went upstairs because a friend was going to ride the bull. Since I could not for the life of me find the ladies' room downstairs (seriously, WHERE is it? I can never find it!) I used the one upstairs. While I was in there, the bouncer started clearing everyone out because they were shutting down the upstairs. A couple of my friends waited for me in the stairwell and informed the bouncer that I was still in the bathroom. Just as I was coming out of the bathroom and walked by the bouncer, he said something about how he doesn't have time to wait around for "douchebags" to finish using the bathroom, and said "douchebags" need to "hurry the f@%k up." I understand that it's the bouncer's job to keep people in line, but there was absolutely no reason to be so rude. I made him wait a grand total of 20 seconds, so why be such a jerk? It pretty much ruined the rest of my night. I hope that since that visit, the beer hall has hired some nicer bouncers. I heard a while ago that they hired Chef Dimitrio Menagias to create a menu for them, and since I never made it to Wine-N-Diner before it abruptly closed, I'd really like to go back to City Beer Hall to try out some of his food. Hopefully I won't have anymore run-ins with foul-mouthed bouncers.
Good service, good beer selection, good free pizza, good layout, good people, cool patio, and really cool $5 shot/beer menu on the second floor.  Maybe best bar to hang out in in Albany. Could use a more varied beer selection, as it seems half the taps are usually IPAs or stouts, which aren't my favorites.  But that's a bonus if you like those kinds.  Menu goes for pizazz, and misses the mark with me, but the food might be good.
I'm a sucker for fireplaces at bars/restaurants. Well, City Beer Hall, you've made me a fan without trying too hard. On a Saturday evening, the place was still rather quiet at 7 PM, various groups playing board games at the long wooden tables and others seated around the bar talking with the bartenders. Very relaxed and inviting vibe. Not a huge pub menu but the listings were difficult to chose from... mac n cheese with truffle shavings, turducken sandwich, braised short ribs shepherd's pie, 1/2 lb grass-fed beef burger? Ultimately I chose the shepherd's pie and my companion ordered the turkucken sandwich. We loved sitting by the fireplace, not too loud so it was perfect for conversation and enjoying our beers. Our food came out quickly, both selections tasty and filling. By the time we left (around 8:30 PM), the place was filling up and seemed like the staff was getting ready for the party crowd. The draft selection is awesome... ton of variety with great representation of upstate brews. Overall, great place for enjoying quality beer and having fun. Also, free parking in the lot across the street is a major plus!
Wide selection of local beer with very friendly staff. Very good atmosphere especially for branch. Probably one of the favorite place in Albany!
Has cider. Has lambic beer. Has free pizza. Has tasty gastropub food. Has a mechanical bull. Has less than adequate parking.
I love this place!  I've been to City Beer Hall a few times since they opened and I can't wait to go back again. The Mystery Bucket is fantastic - 5 surprise beers for $15 plus free pizza.  The staff is so friendly and attentive, the atmosphere is fun and relaxed, and the beer selection is incredible!
My husband and I finally got ourselves down to City Beer Hall this past Friday night and enjoyed it so much we came back on Saturday before the hockey game. The bartenders and servers are very friendly and do a nice job of making suggestions for beers.  I suspect the beer menu changes frequently. The one on their website is outdated - and there was even a change between Friday and Saturday's offerings.  Right now they have a nice selection of autumn brews.  On Friday I tried the Doc Loomis Pumpkin Ale (my favorite of the evening - I'm really loving pumpkin beers this year), Liquid Gold (not really my favorite, but as with most beers, it got better with each sip), the Goose Head Harvest (very herbaceous but good) and Mother's Milk (tangier than a Guinness and my least favorite of the evening).  We had one of the free pizzas which was cracker thin and really hit the spot.  We then tried the meatballs in marinara sauce which were heavenly and I'm still dreaming about them today.  We had the French fries with the blue cheese dressing.  Alone, the fries weren't anything spectacular, but that blue cheese dressing made them really wonderful.  We followed this up with the ice cream sandwich made with cider donut ice cream.  I'll give you a second to let that sink in.  It was beyond yummy; I was disappointed they didn't have it again on Saturday night. Saturday I tried the Wandering Star Saison which, like Southern Tier's IPA's, is making me rethink my take on hoppy beers.  In the past I've always steered clear of anything described as too hoppy, thinking I didn't care for the taste...Now I know I need to learn more about the brewing process because I loved the flavor of this Saison.  I followed it with another of the Doc Loomis Pumpkins because I could and it was yummy.  Hubby had the most amazing porter.  It was the Six Point 90211 Porter and if I can't find this at Olivers I'm going back to CBH for a growler.  It was rich and tasted like smooth caramel.  Delicious.  I had the truffled mac and cheese which was delightfully creamy and hubby had the chicken nuggets which were nicely seasoned as well. The atmosphere was nice and it was an interesting mix of people.  I can't wait to go back, it's a great place to try new beers and their prices are very reasonable.
Do you like good beer? Do you like cheap beer? Do you like free food? Do you like free bull rides? Do you like watching people ride bulls? Do you like 3 (soon to be 4) different bars and atmospheres to choose from? Do you like good times? Then check this place out and have a good time with a good crowd. To correct a previous post: you absolutely can buy beer upstairs for a mere $3, and you can also get tickets for free pizza from the cocktail waitress. Hard to complain about free pizza and free bullrides! haha
Fun, fresh, funky and a mechanical bull- what more could a little gay boy ask for? Seriously, though, City Beer Hall is quite nice. It's a weird collection of things: brewery, ale house, college dive bar, old people reminiscence bar, outdoor patio, etc., etc., etc. The free pizza is an interesting touch (although fattening) and the layout of the bar is refreshing- open, clean, and study. The bull is a nemesis of mine now (I will overcome him) and the patio is cute and alive. The crowd was very mixed, so it seemed like the place hasn't really developed an identity yet (hipsters? yuppies? lawyers? cranky baby boomers? who knows!) I would definitely go back- if not just to beat the bull, but to try some other beers.
Not a huge beer fan myself but it doesn't matter here!  I love everything about this place,  sitting in front of the fireplace and playing a game, sitting on the private patio enjoying a nice day and everything on the menu is awesome!  Turducken Sandwich,  Chicken and Waffles are my favorites!
The City Beer Hall is a causal laid back hot new venue in Albany.  This place is just what Albany needed - new school hangout for the capitol's movers & shakers and the rest of us. Check it out
I went on a Tuesday night, so I can't really speak for the overall atmosphere since my boyfriend and I were practically the only people there, but the bartender was chatty and the TVs were playing sports. It's a cool (and very large and very open) space with various nooks and crannies and a garden with a large selection of good beer. The pizza is really just mediocre, but who am I do complain about a free mini personal pizza with every beer?!
Really enjoyed the beer selection and the atmosphere. The free pizza with every drink is a stroke of genius. The beers are great and I liked the idea of the different vibes. Not sure if the speakeasy was finished when I was there or not, we didn't venture anywhere other than the patio and the main bar. I keep looking for an excuse to get back there.
This is a stand-out bar with a superior beer selection and free little thin crust pizzas with your beers. Friendly, cool, smart, and genuine waitstaff. Handsome interior with a mechanical bull. This place makes me look forward to coming to Albany.
Really cool atmosphere (cross between biergarten and brasserie). Probably the best beer selection in town! Food is really good as well with enough unique items to keep you coming back. Having the drafts served in four or five different sizes is a nice touch too. Knowledgeable, friendly staff
Great beer, food and awesome idea with the pizza.  This place makes me want to move to Albany, although I lost interest when I wandered about half a mile west.
Update: they do have some domestic beers! You have to ask for them though as they aren't advertised on any menu.
In a city of terrible service and so-so food, this place was refreshingly good on both fronts. A bit noisy on a weekend night, but that's to be expected. The only place I'd consider going back to in the whole town!
Two great floors of fun for huge groups of friends. With ages (thankfully) in the upper 20's onwards, you can pick you local drink of choice off the tap, grab your FREE pizza, and bunker down for a chat before you go upstairs to ride the FREE bull, or at least watch others mount it painfully. Bartenders are attentive and super awesome with a friendly crowd and breathing room with high ceilings.
They serve classy beer, but the clientele is not. $8 for a Duvel, and 'free' subsidized "pizza". Seems like this place could be pretty cool, but it seems more like a gigantic pick-up bar than an actual beer hall. Loud, obnoxious - but I guess that describes all of Albany.
Maybe I'm getting old, but the first thing I noticed upon entering this place is that it is LOUD.  Really loud.  It didn't seem so bad after about an hour, but in the beginning, you basically had to shout to be heard.  In fact, the only thing I could hear other than the music was the shouting of the guys next to us having a conversation.  So, my boyfriend and I were left mostly just staring at each other until the other guys left. The waitress never mentioned the free pizza.  Even though we were ordering food, it should have been mentioned.  I ordered the Turducken sandwich with side salad.  I got a Turdeken sandwich with french fries (I should have wondered why she didn't ask me what dressing I wanted).  Maybe the music should be low enough that the severs can actually hear us order.  She never asked if I wanted another beer, despite the fact that my boyfriend has a full glass when I finished mine - just asked when we wanted the check.  It wasn't that busy, even for a Friday night, so there was no reason to rush us out of there. I've never had turducken before, so I thought it might be an interesting sort of novelty.  I really couldn't tell you, though, because it just tasted like mayonnaise.  I have never seen so much mayo in one place.  Also, it's literally just meant, bun, mayo.  There's no vegetables - most chicken sandwiches have lettuce, tomato, onion, and this really would benefit from some vegetables (especially since I didn't get my salad).  The brussel sprouts were pretty good, but I think that was just because there was bacon on top, and not anything to do with the preparation.  They seemed a little undercooked (although still tasty).  The fries were awful - very mushy.  I'm pretty sure they had been sitting out for a couple of hours and just re-heated.  There was enough business in there that there was no excuse for it.  I also tried my boyfriend's shepherd's pie.  It was pretty good, but I feel compelled to point out that real shepherd's pie has lamb.  If it's only beef, it's a cottage pie.  I would have liked more sauce, but I'm a saucy lady.  He seemed to really enjoy it. The beer selection was pretty good, and the waitress was helpful in picking out something that I'd never heard of, but really enjoyed.  So that was a plus.  I'll be honest - I'm not sure how excited I would be about going back.
I have always loved this place- fun atmosphere, excellent beer selection and continuously rotating taps.. And the 'Beer To Go' is an awesome perk. However tonight, the hostess was quite rude when I opened the beer cooler in the 'To Go' section. She snapped at us saying, 'if you want something, you need to go to the bar first- that's why its locked' (said in a snotty remark) - and proceeded to lock it (because it in fact, it wasn't locked). I was pretty surprised with her rude attitude and non-professionalism. All she had to do was help us get someone's attention to assist us with our purchase. Not to quote Bon Jovi... but that's giving a good place a bad name-- when it comes to business.
Love this place.  Wide variety of beers with a mini-pizza included with each pint.  The prices aren't cheap, but you get what you pay for.
This place is fun.  Especially on a weeknight when it's quiet.  8 of us sat at a big table comfortably, the fire was going in the adjacent room.  I like their beer options, and the different sizes lets you have some fun with them.  The free pizza is pretty much as expected - it's not amazing, but it's pretty good and clearly fresh.  Very tiny and thin pizza, but with enough beer you get enough pizza to feed everybody.  I think it was happy hour, but we didn't see any signage telling us what that meant.  Our bills were all much lower than expected though.  Also, we got a mystery bucket and among us ended up taking home a couple cans of beer.  That's a first for me - taking beer home from the bar.
Love this place!  Great beer selection & you get a little blue ticket to trade for pizza for every drink! Be careful tho - those pizza are very filling.... I was so stuffed by my 3rd beer.
Great place to grab a beer
I just love it here! Great, chill atmosphere, GREAT food, GREAT beers, awesome bartenders. No, I have not ridden the bull, but I enjoy watching other people fall off of it.
Go for the beer and free pizzas (which are crispy, cheesy and delightful!) and the fun, festive atmosphere, but I'm hesitant to recommend the new menu. Beet salad was under-dressed and bland (although the blue cheese chunks were outstanding and clearly not typical food-service fare), brussel sprouts can benefit from being roasted instead of steamed and then tossed with crisped bacon. The creamy, dull butter sauce is underwhelming. Meat dishes are well cooked and flavorful, but nothing special.French fries were cold. Small plates are HUGE and larger plates are average. Still working out the kinks, perhaps?
My advice- keep walking.
Ambience was nice and laid back, crowd was interesting and diverse.  We got there a little late and it was clear some people had been drinking for awhile.  Some very public displays of affection and a fee close calls with fighting, but the bouncers were on top of it.  Got harassed a bit by some very drunk men, so ladies, just be careful and maybe go with a group.  Great beer selection and all the staff were very friendly, though.  Great place to people watch!
Free pizza with any pint? Can't beat that. Being from So Cal we have some good brew pubs and City Beer Hall didn't disappoint. Food was so so, beer and dessert were great. Good service. Go here!
Huge beer list, drafts are the way to go! You get a free pizza with every beer you buy. You know what they say about pizza....
Cozy place.  Bingo night (wednesdays) are fun.  The pizza's are cute and yummy and the beer is, I'll just say interesting.  Worth a visit!
Great selection of craft beer. The waitress figured out a way to make getting a beer complicated. Apparently, they have a brunch or something. They gave us all a menu but only one beer list, which is always a minor annoyance. And, my garden burger wasn't hot. So be sure to have a few beers before you eat. Overall a good experience though and tasty beer. Go here!
Had to spend a Friday night in Albany. Had been told about this place and tried it ... very happy I did! Great Draft Beer selection, knowledgeable staff and a free personal pizza with every beer purchase (and the pizza was actually decent!). Was a very pleasant experience!
Our experience was that this place is not worth the parking hassle. My husband and I stopped in for the first time very early on a Saturday evening. We had hoped to sit at the bar for drinks. The small bar was already filled so we asked to be seated at one of the long communal tables. We were told that unless we ordered dinner, we couldn't be seated there, even though there were many open seats. (They were expecting a large party later, they said.) We were offered a table in "the hallway" which was a dark, uninviting space, looking into the kitchen, with two high tables and a funky sofa. No one else was seated there and it was creepy. The real turnoff, however, was the attitude of the reception staff at the door. They were not a bit interested in trying to accommodate us and made no effort to make us feel welcome. We ended up leaving and sharing the sentiment that there are much friendlier and more accommodating bars/restaurants downtown. We won't try this one again.
I always have a great time whenever I go to the beer hall. The staff is super friendly, attentive and knowledgeable about their beers. The building is beautiful and huge, with a cozy fireplace during the winter and an awesome patio for the summer and fall. I've never been let down by the food, the menu is creative and has several outstanding vegetarian options mixed in. And to add to it all, The manager is also super dreamy.
Yeah, this place might have good beers, but they don't make the beer so whats the big deal?  The guys that own this place are nice enough, but they don't care about how their staff (bartenders) treat the patrons.  We went in there one night (we used to visit frequently) and sat at the bar for quite a while only to be ignored by not 1 bartender, but 2.  Their conversation with each other and other patrons were more important than waiting on us.  I even got up and walked over to the one bartender and asked her if we could order and she said "oh, did he not wait on you?" WHAT?  Do you think I'm just lying?  Even with that - I went and sat back down fully expecting him or her to come wait on us....nope....they just didn't care.  So we got up, made a comment about the poor service, left, went to The Merry Monk and will not return to City Beer Hall.  PLEASE don't waste your time or money here - there are many other places in Albany that have great and better beers.  You don't need to spend your hard earned money for a place that could give 2 *hits about you. Not to mention that they are WAY overpriced.  Good luck City Beer Hall - the only thing that will keep you open are the patrons that are from out of town and don't know any better.
We were only in town for one night (a Tuesday), and needed a good bar to hang out at. We found The City Beer Hall on yelp and loved it. The beer selection was amazing: they had a dozen local/regional microbrews on tap, and plenty more in cans/bottles. Prices were reasonable, and the flight was the best deal by far (6 for any 4 5oz. drafts). Everyone was friendly, including our bartender and one of the owners who we got to meet. I'll certainly be back at this laid-back hangout next time I'm in town!
Went on Sun. at 1 pm for brunch. Good food, good service, good beer.  I'm in my 50's and there was only two people in the place that looked older. Young crowd. A little loud for conversation. Overall good experience.
went for lunch 6 of us service was good...only 1 other table there..veggie burger was cold.other sandwiches were ok...limited menu.,,.free quails egg(singular)..was good but 1 egg for 6 people..nice beer selection..wouldn't go out of my way to go there again..no free parking during day..cost us $10
Stopped in here for the Brunch menu.  The place has character and a good beer selection.  The brunch menu is sort of funky and includes coffee and a drink from the bar (beer or mixed).  Atmosphere was good even for a Sunday afternoon.  The food is mediocre at least this go-around.  Would go back another time for a beer or two for sure, probably give the food one more try.
I went on a Friday night around 8pm.  The open room and atmosphere was promising; some young folks outside, some in cowboy boots, most in casual clothes.  After hearing all the local buzz about this place I was very psyched to check it out.  Walking in, it was pretty much deader than a doornail.  I stood at the bar with my partner, perusing the beers and eyeing the free pizzas that the other patrons seemed to be enjoying.  But as I stood there I didn't even get any eye contact from a bartender, not even to check to see if I was okay or to greet me.  So I took a walk to the fabled 2nd story mechanical bull - there is no air conditioning up there, and no one was there at all - and came right back down, just in time for more space to open up at the bar.  My partner and I pulled up a chair - where the bartender kind of glanced at us then quickly looked and walked away.  She just walked away!  We immediately got up and left.  For a place that obviously wasn't crowded or busy, they have some nerve ignoring two twenty-something paying customers for a good ten minutes.  I will not be going there again, free pizza or not.
While visiting a friend in Albany, we decided to stop by this place to check out some brunch.   Interior is very cozy and you end up sharing a biergarten style table with other people, which was pretty cool.  They have a good selection of craft beers on tap, not too shabby. I decided to go with the chicken & waffles,  chicken was cooked perfectly, but the waffle was on the soggy/soft side...especially when it's covered with maple gravy.  I think the waffle should've been cooked a little more well done to hold up against the gravy, but other than that, the taste was spot on.   I went with a bloody mary instead of the beer, as I wanted something more strong...it was tasty but a bit diluted....not bad overall.
Great place to go for something different in Albany. Huge beer selection, and always something different and unique on tap.  Food is good as well, and there is nothing better at the end of your night then one of the free pizzas that you get with every draught beer.  Bartenders have always been great, and the bull is a nice touch for a group outing or just to watch other people.
If you were to say to me, "Let's go to The City Beer Hall for a few drinks," I'd be the first person in the car. If you were to say, "Let's go there for dinner," I'd flip a coin. I always like it when older architecture is repurposed for something like a bar or restaurant, and I consider it mostly money well spent here. I thought the bench seating in the center was a bit less comfortable, but I appreciated that it easily accommodated our party of more than a dozen. Service was fast and fun. As you have probably guessed, the beer menu impressed me a lot more than the food menu. You could order from a variety of international, national, and local beers, and you had quite the assortment of sizes of anything on draft. I would enjoy returning to sample more. I was actually expecting a slightly more extensive menu, this seemed more like "merely" pub food. My 518burger came with lettuce, tomato, and red onion. The burger was cooked to order - medium, but I think the bun was cooked to medium well. It was burnt on one edge and a bit dry. I must say, though, that among everyone in my group who ordered a burger or sandwich, opinions were positive. If you order beer in the dining room, you get the free pizza. It's nothing fancy, but it hit the spot and as a complimentary item, it doubled as an appetizer for my dinner. But IMO, is it really a good idea to have customers going into the kitchen area to pick them up?
Ohhh this place is everything. The superb brew selection is paralleled by a sumptuous menu of late night eats (after 10 anyway) that includes burgers, pulled pork & truffled mac & cheese bites. After starting the evening with a left hand milk stout and Westbrook white Thai, I learned that each beer ordered comes with a ticket for a free personal pizza. Obviously, I redeemed these tickets and the pizzas ended up being the perfect  late night snack.
The City Beer Hall made a terrible impression on my driver and I. The hostess was seemingly mad at us from the moment we walked in the door but we stayed anyway, who knew it would only get worse. We sat for ages and our waiter never came to take our food order. My driver who was being shockingly patient decided to hunt him down to place our orders. We then waited for an eternity for our meals. Just as we were deciding if we should walk out our food arrived. We were missing cutlery. My salad was missing the cheese, no big deal but the menu stated it was a local goat cheese mousse and I wanted to try it.  I asked the waiter and he said he would look into it. Well my tiny beet salad didn't last long and the cheese never showed up. "Forgot about the cheese eh?" Said Kent P "Oh no I had it but it looked like you were done so I didn't bring it over" said the worlds worst waiter. Maybe this place is better when you're too drunk to notice the service.
The City Beer Hall was an exceptional let-down. From an unpleasant welcome at the door, to disappearing and unapologetic servers, an unreasonable wait for a fried egg and a salad, mistakes with the orders, overpriced items, and a general "I don't care about you" attitude from everyone who worked here...I would have to say, Yelp Albany, you've led me astray.
Not a fluke!  Loved my first visit in June. Loved my second visit in August. Good service and creative and extensive selection of beers.  Something for everyone. In fact this place is great when it comes to creative twists. Maple or ginger flavored ales?? Pretty good and very unique!  Food is also very solid. Not a huge menu but what they do offer is excellent. Not standard bar food!!  I appreciate a place where they offer a handful of menu items but do them exceptionally well.   No doubt I'll be back whenever I'm in the area!
Just reviewing the bar.  I had my share of beer, and thus pizza, and it was all excellent.  Service was great from the get, as was the beer selection.  I counted 17 on tap.  Would have liked to see a few more local sourced options.  Each time you order a beer, they give you a pizza ticket, which you take into the back, put into a jar, and then in a couple of minutes you get a pie.  Cheese & sauce, nice thin crust.  I'd have paid to add toppings but that didn't seem to be an option.  Nice big flat screens for game watching, and a great cool crowd of nice people, too.  Definitely going back in next time I'm in town.
Great spot!! Awesome outside seating and really fun inside atmosphere. Menu is not huge but everything is delicious, their fries are perfectly done. For every beer you order, you get a free small pizza ticket that you can use any other time. AND there is brunch!  Lunch is my favorite time to go!
I've found my favorite establishment in Albany. After a long weekend of hiking in Vermont, my friends & I stopped on our way home in search of some good beer & food in downtown Albany, and found City Beer Hall on yelp and thought that it looked promising. The promises were true! We were here around 1pm on Memorial Day, so we had the place almost to ourselves. The staff were extremely welcoming and friendly upon our arrival. The beer selection is fantastic, and YOU GET A FREE CUTE LIL' PIZZA WHEN YOU BUY A PINT!!! Sorry-not-sorry for being excited about this, but the pizza was a great little appetizer. You're instructed to actually walk back into the kitchen to request the pizza, and the staff are all very friendly about it, and it's ready in a few minutes. Everyone loved their main lunch which consisted of awesome pub style sandwiches. I partook in one that involved short-rib, caramelized onions, and other goodies. The decor is a very nice old-fashioned wood style, with a cool old fireplace in the back. Oh, and as we were finishing up our meals, we were brought out FREE BROWNIES! WHAT?! YES!! HOME RUN! DEAL SEALED! FIVE STARS!
Love this place! Great beer selection (with knowledgable staff who can talk about it), excellent food, fun atmosphere. A little pricey (a burger is like $11), but if you stick to the free pizza (one with every beer!), you're good to go! Brunch is good too! So glad we have a place like this in albany! :-)
FREE PIZZA with every beer. They offer some great craft beer options at reasonable prices. Flights are available to sample different types, which is always nice. The atmosphere is solid and the staff is friendly. The free mini cheese pizza with every beer is a nice touch, too.
If your looking for a cool place to grab a beer with some friends look no further.  They have great tap beer, a very cool west coast feel and great food on the menu.
This place is pretty much my favorite bar in Albany. The beer selection is excellent, and you get a free mini pizza with each beer. Food is always on point, with excellent sandwiches, burgers, and more. The decor and atmosphere and sheer size of the place make it a true stand out. The downstairs area has all the taps and lots of bench/picnic style seating, lots of room and very nice, even has a fireplace which is a plus in the winter. The outdoor seating is plentiful with picnic style seating and an additional small bar - nice and secluded as well. Upstairs has a cheaper can/bottle/liquor bar with extremely cheap perpetual drink specials - $5 for a can of beer and a shot. There is a mechanical bull upstairs which is always a riot, and plenty of standing space for when it gets too crowded downstairs. The weekend brunch is my favorite, all the food is delicious, especially the chicken and waffles.
We love coming to the City Beer Hall for brunch - you get a free breakfast cocktail with your meal and the food is always delicious, hot, and well-prepared. They have the BEST home fries I've ever had! The dining area is super warm and cozy - they had a fire going in the fireplace on a rainy, gray Sunday morning. Great atmosphere.
Went looking for a drink and a deck and decided to check out the City Beer Hall. Best choice we could make. The deck was awesome & the drinks were perfect. Erin, our server, was excellent. Friendly, attentive and fun. . Being our first time there, we ordered our drinks - beer for me, sidecar for my fiancé. Great beer selections, best sidecar in town. Waitress gives us 2 tickets and find out they're for free pizza with every drink - wow -  and not just a small pizza.. could have been a meal. Food & Menu was just as good. Not your basic choices. I ordered the southern chicken sandwich - could be best chicken sandwich I have had. Juicy, filling, lightly breaded, great flavor. My Lady had the quinoa salad, good flavor but not much value. But still not a bad choice. Another positive, the music. Perfect vibe & volume. Highly recommend this place.. great menu, libations, service & deck. only slightly downer were the bathrooms. They could use a little attention
Their brunch just lost major points. This is no longer my go-to brunch place because they no longer allow salad substitution for a side. I don't even care if I paid more or not - they just simply do not allow it. Brunch at Iron Gate from now on until I hear from someone that this policy has changed? Yup.
Writing this review makes me sad. The City Beer Hall is an awesome place. From the funky building they're in, to the communal tables, to the great beer selection, to the free mini pizza they give with each beer, to the food. But that's where the problem lies, the food. Oh the food is good. It's all made from scratch and there are some different and interesting items on the menu. But twice now I've had issues with my meals. On one visit I ordered rabbit stew. Yeah, rabbit stew in a beer joint. Awesome. But it was old. It was obvious it had been sitting around all day. It was good, but had it been fresh it would've been really really good. On my most recent visit, I ordered a chicken sandwich. Southern fried chicken breast, with cranberry aioli, goat cheese and arugula on sourdough. It was delicious. It came with fries. THEY WERE COLD. C'mon! Really? Cold fries!? How can you serve cold fries? My dining companion ordered the same sandwich and her fries were cold too. But they were fresh cut and in spite of being cold they were good. Had they been hot, man, they would've been soo yummy. I'd love to give them 5 stars, but I can't because of the missteps of the kitchen. If the kitchen got their act together the food would be amazing. And I'd be singing their praises. But instead, I'm sad.
My favorite bar in Albany.  Mostly due to the STAFF, beautiful building and beer selection. Elizabeth is an amazing bartender.  She makes me want to come back again and again.  I wish we had real bartenders in my area like Albany does. To watch her inspect each and every glass before she pours is impressive.  Her attention to detail and love of beer makes her an excellent employee.  In fact all the employees I interacted with were beyond professional and I could feel the love of their job.  Rare. I could go on and on. And on.  I won't. Check it out.
Lose a star because everything is $1 to $2 too expensive, sometimes literally -- I'm not sure if they have since changed this; however, Harpoon cider used to be labeled as $1 less on the menus than it rang up on the register, and if you noticed and asked to be charged the price listed, it would take 15 minutes to get a manager to come approve it. Once when we were seated for dinner, we pointed out the price difference on our bill and the menu to our waitress, who rolled her eyes, said she'd deal with it, and then came back and slammed a dollar bill on the table as though she'd been mortally offended.  It was weird. The crowd is early 20s into mid-20s.  Two floors, pizza and food is available, and there was a mechanical bull upstairs the last time I was there.  Overall, I'm glad there's a place doing okay in that area of Albany, given the current sad/empty state of Pearl Street.
Love love love City Beer Hall. The building is beautiful and the atmosphere is comfortable. This place is me and my girlfriends absolute favorite place to go. When I was in college at UAlbany, we made a tradition out of Sunday brunch at Beer Hall after a night of drinking. The steak sandwich is absolutely amazing! For only 13 bucks, the brunch comes with fries and an alcoholic beverage. I always order either the screw driver or the mimosa, but I have heard the bloody mary is delicious. Lets not forget about PM hours at Beer Hall! The mechanical bull upstairs is always fun (both to ride and watch people fall off of). Also, you get a free mini pizza ticket with every drink which is fabulous. During the summer months, there is an outdoor seating area, bar, and if your lucky there may be a musical performance by a local artist. Lastly, I want to mention how great the service is. They are all so friendly! Even when the place is packed and your server is waiting on 6 tables at once, they are sure to give you their full attention. 5 stars for Beer Hall.
The place has a great atmosphere and real wood decor and the service was good! We had the steak and a burger they were very good! Also had a dessert Beeramisu which was outstanding! If you love beer this is the place to be a lot to choose from!
The building is GORGEOUS! [and the fall décor outside was a fun touch.]  The  inside shares a warm, "welcome to my family cabin - pull up a seat!" feel.  I loved the bench seating, and can definitely see why this would be such a great place to drink with friends [and make new ones.] Every brunch plate or sandwich included bottomless coffee and a beer or brunch cocktail from the menu.  My entire meal pre-tip was $12.  Very impressed for the quality of every bite and sip. The Roasted Tomato and Bacon Omelets were a hit.  Which all four of my brunch dates ordered and seemed to enjoy.  The home fries were also a hit. I ordered the 518 Burger.  When out for brunch (and even sometimes breakfast) I'm much more likely to order from the lunch side of the menu.  What can I say - I'm one who loves a sandwich. I am also a fool for menu items named after or promoted as the "celebration of location" no matter where I'm eating or drinking, so when I saw this on the menu, I had to give it a try. From the menu: hand packed Kilcoyne grass fed beef with Grafton 1 year aged cheddar, bibb lettuce, tomato, spicy pickes & hand cut fries.  This burger was legit.  The right amount of messy and the perfect bite to go with my bloody mary. Especially with those spicy pickles!
Stopped in to get a beer in the beer garden because it was so nice out.  Definitely a great draft list of about 12-15 craft beers and you can order several different sizes.  We got tickets for free pizzas but we didn't redeem them.  Table next to us got them, they looked like microwave pizzas - but they were free so whatever.  Staff was very friendly and overall it's a great place to grab some beers with friends.
Awesome beer selection. Beautiful building downtown. Service with a smile - once I flagged someone down. We ordered pickles and I expected something more. Something other than just slices of pickles I could get on a burger at a nice restaurant. They didn't have much flavor. I didn't try the free pizza because I heard it's just as mediocre as free pizza should be. But I want to go back to try another tasty beer and maybe a full on meal. The menu had lots of tasty looking dishes that we didn't have time to try.
The beer selection is good and the staff wee very friendly but the free pizza makes this place awesome! Even though we ordered food from the menu (grilled cheese is wonderful), I still appreciated the bonus of free pizza with every beer.
Bartender was very unhappy......despite being overtly polite.....didn't return the favor....unfortunate cause the maple amber ale was good ...
I called a few days early to make a dinner reservation for my party of 8 prior to a Times Union Center show. When we arrived, we were told there was no room for us unless we sat outside. It'd been raining off and on all day, and it's an open patio. I mentioned our reservation, but the hostess shrugged it off, saying they were "busy". Too busy to honor a reservation? On a time crunch, we headed outside, passing a cache of "reserved" table signs off to the side (irony!). Sure enough, it started to rain. Hard. We spoke to the manager, again reiterating that we had a reservation, and now had no table. That's when the magic happened. The manager actually went up to the attic, got a huge folding table, and set it up for us upstairs! I couldn't believe it. A+ gold star to him. After waiting 40 minutes and no food, we again sought out the manager because the show was about to start. The food then appeared, perhaps by coincidence, but I'm convinced it was magic. I'd also had a few drinks on an empty stomach by that point, so... Our server was lovely, and did the best he could with 8 hungry, impatient ladies with places to be. The food was alright. I ordered poutine with pulled short rib, but they forgot the short ribs. Don't remember if I was charged for it or not, but at that point stopped caring because we needed to haul ass to the show. We were not charged for our first round of drinks, which was nice. TL;DR -- Reservation not honored, hostess apathy until SUPER AWESOME MANAGER INTERVENTION, long wait for ok (and wrong) food, nice server. Would I eat here again? Maybe for brunch since I've heard good things, but I certainly won't bother making a reservation. UPDATE 12/16/2013: Came back with friends during a night out. Ordered a bacon manhattan. Bartender made it with vodka. Say what?
Ambience was great.  I wish I had a tattoo and beard. The beers were unusual in a good a way and the sandwich was GREAT.  Loved the cranberry cheese on my chicken.....
Gastro burger is awesome. Need locks on bathroom stalls.
Barely 2 stars...food was below average in quality and taste.
I think there are many aspects to this place. It's a pub, a restaurant, it's hipster, there is a mechanical bull.... There is a lot going on! I went specifically for dinner, excited to try the menu. I love to share different plates when I go out and this time was no different. I tried the quinoa cakes, calamari, truffled mac & cheese, and the deviled eggs. It was very quiet upstairs when we went to try the mechanical bull, which to me was just an invitation for people to make fools of themselves. Pros - Great atmosphere large beer selection. I love a menu with so many options and different flavor combinations. The mac & cheese was awesome. Cons - The calamari was not done very well - not crispy enough for me on the outside and too chewy on the inside. It came with an aioli which was OK, but I prefer something spicy and not oily, since the calamari is fried anyway. The deviled eggs were pickled deviled eggs, which is interesting, but it came with only 2 halves of an egg. They were pretty tasty but I prefer Dinosaur BBQ's better. The quinoa cakes were good but needed more sauce to go with them. Overall, I would go back for another try, picking a few different things off the menu next time.
I yelped this place while on a trip in Albany, NY. Expecting just to get a drink and a pizza that comes with it, turned out surprisingly of the chart! The Belgian beer I had was great and the pizza was a typical cheese pizza that you expect to eat at the end of long night of bar crawling. What I didn't expect was the Chicken Sandwich I ordered to go after hanging out with co-workers. The best chicken sandwich I had so far to date! Mind you, I only had one beer, so I'm not providing food feedback cuz, I'm under the influence. Service and overall atmosphere are great and friendly. A must place to visit for food and drinks when in Albany!
The best bars are the empty bars that have good things to eat and drink, provide a comfortable atmosphere to hang out, and give good bang for the buck. i don't go to bars to strike up conversations with strangers, I go to be with my friends, and talk with people I know. So in this regard, The City Beer Hall was perfect on a weekday evening. Perhaps it's not the best thing for their business that on a gorgeous summer evening their expansive back patio was virtually empty. The place is so big, that it would really take a crowd to make it seem bustling. Personally, I liked the beer selection. i'd rather have a carefully chosen small selection of beers that can be turned over regularly, than have a monstrous tap selection where some esoteric brews may sit unloved for far too long. The thing I loved about the free pizza is that they actually cook those babies on the oven floor. It chars the bottom crust, and that's how pizza should be made. Plus I admire their ratio of crust to cheese to sauce. It's not great pizza, but it's 20x better than what I expected from a free pizza. And they have Frito pie served in the bag. This place is a-ok in my book. Half-pints and customizable flights of beer are another big plus. I just wish the staff was more enthusiastic about the beers they had. While they did seem to know a bit about the inventory, I didn't feel any passion. Then again, I don't feel any passion from the staff at Mahar's either. But this place isn't Mahar's. In some ways it's better, but it just is lacking a little bit of soul.
What am I talking about in my earlier post? This place is awesome. A real gem in Albany. Great beer. Great food. Great space.  Free pizza, Wild Game nights, Outdoor patio, Inside fireplace, and more parking now. Cheaper beer flights available as well if you rather sample than having a full pint or half pint, or half gallon. And although prices seem to rise and quality/service is very inconsistent, the Saturday/Sunday brunch is an exciting option and including coffee and a beer/mimosa/Bloody Mary, an excellent value.  But what happened to the Turducken sandwich?  And why did they change the amazing Chicken and Waffle recipe from the Wine N Diner? Also, there is the disgusting but thoroughly interesting Artichoke liquor...(inquire within)
I met up with an elite crew of cross-yelpers for a round of "thank you" drinks and I have to say this bar is ambitious.  The picnic tables were comfortable. The beer selection was interesting, cold, and offered in half-pints (weeeee!).  The Chatham Maple Amber was good.  I should have paid more attention to the bottles as i glanced at the list and it looked equally as interesting but I can't recall anything on the list.   I waffled on whether to give this a 3 or 4 star review because I only had a few beers; however 2 things bump them up to 4 stars: (1) despite it being a slow Wednesday evening (off-session), the staff opened up the mechanical bull for our amusement (ok, ok, it was a birthday favor for a girl with another group, but we benefited from this situation nevertheless). You may not ride the bull if you are drunk or otherwise unhealthy...interesting. This "bull" has horns.  Because yelpers are elite athletes they put the hurt on that bull something fierce.   (2) despite being a beer hall they have the stones to serve Genny Cream Ale. Yes this factor helped push me over to the 4 stars as it showed great pluck on part of the bar manager and made me nostalgic for my teen-aged years when I was able to get drunk off of one Genny and the effects would last for hours. (offering PBR is trendy, offering Genny Cream Ale takes guts). The bar tenders were a little aloof but sufficiently pleasant.  There is free pizza with every beer (the pizza is very thin crust and about the size of a salad plate. I didn't try it, but was told it was pretty good for free food). Someone else got a bowl of truffle mac n' cheese which was unpretentiously served in a paper bowl. Rumor has it that the owner of Wine N Diner is/was working with CBH on the menu.   The patio out back is fantastic. It is huge and was lovely on a Wednesday evening (however, I can see it being chaotic on the weekends). They have rocking chairs. A bat crashed the party and I got to show every one how "fearless" I am when it comes to flying rodents. Other than the yelpers (aka: team pirate according to the bar tender) and the soccer playing birthday party there were a few hipsters with "ironic" facial hair hanging out on a Wednesday evening. Interesting music selection, everything from Bon Jovi to Mazzy Star. The bathrooms were clean but the toilet paper was about 1 mile away (hyperbole) and I had to lean way too far.  I cannot imagine trying to maneuver to get toilet paper like that while intoxicated. And they did not have hooks to hang my purse while using the loo (seriously, I don't want to put my purse on the bathroom floor, eww). The location is some place that I never think of going, but the building is great.  I love that it isn't on Pearl Street.  I really really hope this place makes it and doesn't try too hard.  (Seriously stop trying right now.  Don't add the speak easy.  Just let it be what it is going to be). PS: the Ballinger's sign on the roof needs to come down.
Decent food, HUGE tap beer selection. Free pizza with your beer although I'd need a few beers to enjoy the pizza, it was kinda bland. One of the few places that has poutine on the menu. The poutine is non traditional and the cheese curds have never been fresh while I'm there, but it taste good if you aren't trying to get a traditional poutine.
I was a waiter once for a month before I got fired.  I'll never forget leaning over to get something from the table and pouring a pitcher of ice water in this womans lap. I was so horrified I ran away and basically gave up on service. It was in a restaurant now occupied by City Beer Hall. The same room I poured the offending water in that delicate lap now has a mechanical bull that I rode last night to the delight of the "On Me" Yelpers. I was drinking cans of beer all night and arm raised I gave that bull what for. I like Yelpers because they have something to say, or are married to people with something to say (Yes you Chuck). Our conversation was varied and left me with ideas to chew on. There were signs that said free parking but it's a little confusing. You just have to disobey the signs or double park somebody in. Good selection of beer and a full bar. I don't drink a ton of beer anymore so It's nice to know I can get some whiskey and make a proper evening out a beer hall. Each drink came with a free personal pizza. The pizza was thin tasted like frozen pizza from price chopper but it was free and there was tons of it. Its a great give away idea.
Let me start by saying I love this location and always have.  I'm not always 100% on board with what they do with it, but I do like the location. The City Beer Hall is the latest offering from the Ballinger family, who previously brought us Ballinger's in the same location. The main area on the first floor is a beer hall.  It's very simple with bench seats and long tables in addition to the bar.  This is where you can get tickets for your free thin crust pizza (you cannot get tickets from a waitress).  The beer list is good and should please most beer snobs.  They have a lot of the same offerings as Mahar's, but they also have a few cheap beers and are fully stocked for cocktails as well. The beer garden outside isn't great.  The picnic tables are poorly weighted - I fully expect there to be incidents where people fall from 1) trying to get out of the picnic tables or 2) because one side of the table stood up and the other side tipped right over.  It's cold and barren.  When I hear the word "garden", I expect there to be plants, but here there are none. Upstairs is the western area.  There's a mechanical bull and an empty space with a few barrels around the edge of the room.  You cannot buy beer at the upstairs bar.   The operators of the mechanical bull don't really seem to know what they're doing yet.  My group were the first people on opening Friday to try the bull and no one was able to stay on for more than a few seconds.  As the evening went on, it was clear that a large part of the failure to stay on was because of the operators.  It felt like their intention was to make people fall off the bull.  The one person I spoke with who had ridden a mech bull in the south said it wasn't any fun.  They just don't even give you a chance to ride.  They're completely intent on making you fall.  Hopefully, as they gain a little more experience, they'll work to make it more fun for the riders and patrons instead of it seeming more than a little sadistic. The lack of seating upstairs and a complete lack of intimate seating is something that needs to be fixed.  People who want to have private conversations are forced to lean against an empty expanse of wall or try to claim some measure of privacy in the open seating. The music selection is also questionable.  It's a country/rockabilly heavy mix of classic rock.  It's also blasted at a very high volume.  It seems like they're trying to tie their western theme upstairs with the rest of the bar, but it doesn't really work. The volume levels are the same as they were when it was a dance club and, combined with the lack of intimate seating, I think this is going to cause small groups and couples to seek out something else. All told, I like the potential that TCBH has, but I'm worried that the Ballinger family will, once again, try to force Albany into wanting and liking something that doesn't fit with local culture.  It absolutely can work here, but the effort needs to be made to fit into Albany and not (as they've tried twice before) to find a niche market in Albany that simply doesn't exist.
I'm not a big fan of "Downtown" Albany, so when a friend had asked me to join him here I had no idea where it was, hadn't even heard of it before. But when he advised there was a mechanical bull there, I knew I had to suck it up and head downtown. To start, the parking situation isn't that great at all. There is a free lot across the street; however, there's only enough spaces for about 20-25 vehicles. I did make my own spot, but wouldn't recommend that in case of towing...or someone who had 1 too many drinks and underestimating the amount of space in between his/her car and yours. But again, that's the price of going/parking downtown wherever you are. So upon walking in I didn't really notice what was going on around me, but it seemed pretty dead, or quiet, in this area considering there is a bar right there on the corner. I asked my friend to meet me at the door when I got there in fear I wouldn't be able to find him (it was a Friday night)...but to my surprise the place was dead. I mean there were a few people there, but for a Friday night, downtown, not at all what I expected.   They don't have a lot of bottled brews, and most everything is on tap. Which is fine with me, cause I definitely can appreciate a good draught beer.  One pretty neat thing is free pizza tickets with purchase of drinks. I didn't really pay attention to this, but my friend got the tickets when he bought our round and the next thing I knew we had a free pizza for 1. Pretty cool if you ask me, I'm a fan of anything free, especially food! We then went up stairs to check out the mechanical bull, and I noticed by walking around more and going upstairs, the place still didn't have the amount of people there that I would have thought for a Friday night, but I guess that's a good thing for me considering one of the main reasons I don't do downtown is cause of the crowds. No one was in line for the bull, so we went back downstairs. Towards the end of the night I decided to ride the bull, at this point there were more people in the bar and there was a line for the bull, but nothing compared to the wait at most downtown bars just to order a drink.  I took the bull in style and even surpassed the 8 second mark...totally worth my time! If you only take 1 thing out of this review, please take this into HIGH consideration.  If you are female and leaving this bar at night, please do not do so alone.  Upon leaving the bar, I walked back to my car alone.  The streets are sort of dark, not a lot of lighting.  I didn't realize that 3 random guys had been following me and when I unlocked my car, they jumped in too.  I won't get into details, but I remained calm and was able to escape from them.  So women, PLEASE be safe in this (and all) aread when you are alone.
This is my five-star downtown bar. If they have freshly shucked oysters and you even remotely like seafood... get them. They are stupid fresh and SO GOOD. If only they were a regular menu item. I like tasty drinks. City Beer hall has them. I couldn't really tell you the names of their drinks, but I've enjoyed what I have, and my gluten-free friends have also had success here (well, w/drinks. They can't really eat anything here) because they also have a full bar. You get a free pizza with every drink. You might think free pizza = meh. But no. Well, I like the pizzas at least. They are super-thin crusts (almost like a pie crust in terms of texture - so flaky), and a good match of cheese and sauce. Staff have always been awesome (and generally cute). Friendly, and quick to get drinks. There are also staff walking about that will pick up your empties and offer to get you more drinks. Overall, makes me feel like I'm at a friend's house, or a house party. Good vibe. I'm glad to see this space used for something fun and awesome. The ambiance is good for me. Spaced out enough, but still somehow cozy so you don't feel isolated from people. Better than the original schematic of Ballinger's (which felt both cramped and too spaced out b/c of their table reservation deal) Some long tables, some outdoor seating, and one reaaalllly big, comfy couch that makes you feel like a twee cartoon character. Oh, and they have a private lot you can park in! Bonus! I wouldn't say they're stupid-cheap, but I don't think they're too expensive and I'm quite happy with the value I get, especially when you consider they're a downtown bar and they could just gouge prices and make you deal with it.
