This review is for Elaine the aesthetician only. I'm so glad I found her to do my eyebrows. She does a great job. Her little room is clean and nice. And she is a very sweet person. She remembers how I like my eyebrows and my random stories. I'd definitely recommend her.
I came an hour before closing time, to find the receptionist missing from the desk. Once she came around we discussed my options of nail services due to the nearing closing time. The available options were limited so she asked if I wanted to book for the following day. I told her I was going to run to the store and call to schedule a time for the next day. I asked about other options as I wasn't from the area and she rolled her eyes and told me to go to the mall in a snotty tone. I work in the hospitality industry and aspire to open a spa in the near future. Her attitude cost this salon my business the next day.
I really haven't had good experiences here for hair. I have very simple hair, so this is strange as to why it's such a challenge. Overpriced, and the cut was bad. However, I had a wax here that was fine. Still, overpriced and underwhelmed.
I have been coming to Deidra Marcus for year ... and I travel from Orlando to get my hair done.  Matt is my hair stylist and he's great - he also washes your hair too and does a phenomenal job at that.   Living in Orlando and comparing the prices between salons and service here and salons and service at Deidra Marcus, you definitely get more bang for your buck at Deidra Marcus. I also see Tiffani to get my waxing done. i definitely recommend this salon!
Had a pedicure.  Beautiful place but screams "unprofessional with no customer service".  Employees all dressed in black tees or tanks with blue jeans - blah!  too casual and jeans were scraggly.  Attendant arrived 10 minutes later than scheduled appointment.  Brought family with her and they hung around talking and eating.  Hair stylists seemed too relaxed.  One took 45 minutes to do her own hair out where everyone could watch her - never cleaned, made customer wait 5 minutes.  When trying to pay, receptionist and a stylist made me wait while they had a personal conversation at the reception desk.  No apology about the wait and no stopping the personal conversation in front of me. I am from another state and have moved here permanently.  Looking for a full service spa.  Sorry this is not the one.  Maybe an absentee owner on my day relaxed the atmosphere, but the customers come every day.  Better customer service means more $$$ for all.
I had made an appointment several weeks in advance for 3 pedicures for 3PM on Thursday, February 13, 2014, for my mother's 50th birthday. We arrived on time for our appointment, and before we even started, the girls told us that one of the nail techs wasn't finished with someone else's pedicure, so one of us would have to wait. Why would they have started another pedicure so close to our appointment time? So we decided to let my mother and sister start their pedicures, and that I would wait for the other nail tech to finish. Then, they started to seat us apart from each other, and when we said we would prefer to sit near each other, they told us they "weren't aware that we were together." I'm not sure what would lead the staff to assume that, as the appointments were made at the same time by me weeks ago, and we arrived together. So I had to wait to be seated in a chair as well, because the woman that was in the middle of her pedicure was seated in the 3rd seat in the row of chairs, so we were prevented to sitting together until she was finished. The nail tech were friendly, but didn't ask us what type of pedicures we would like. I had stated when I made the appointments that I wanted the 85 minute pedicure for all 3 of us, but towards the end, we realized we had only received the regular pedicure. When my sister and I pointed this out, nothing was done to rectify the situation. I am just very disappointed in the whole experience in general. We scheduled our appointments at Deidra Marcus, because we were expecting a premium, spa-like experience, but it seemed that the whole experience was ill-prepared and disorganized as a whole. Had I known it was going to be less personal, we would have just gone to a local nail salon and paid far less money for the same, or even better, service.
I don't go there to get my hair or nails done, but I do get my waxing done there and Elaine is the best!  She does a fabulous job! I did get my hair blown out there a few times while I was pregnant and they did a good job with that. I think it's a bit overpriced for hair, so I still choose to venture down to Broward to the guy I've ben using for 7 years! Oh, this is NOT the place to get your nails done. I did get them there a few times and this one girl was great, but she's no longer there.
I have been getting my eyebrows waxed here by Elaine for years.  They do a great job!  I really enjoy the pedicures as well.  I usually go to Tammy, but if she isn't available, I've had a good experience with several of the staff members.
When I first moved to Stuart I was looking for a salon that would meet my needs -- highlights, cut and class...Needless to say I was driving into Jupiter to get this. One day I was tanning in Stuart and happened to ask the girl behind the counter where she got her hair done. She mentioned it was Deidra Marcus Salon and that Lisa was the best. I booked an appointment and that was my new place. She's amazing -- I also really like their products. Great place to go, and in Stuart of all places!
The wife and I have been coming to Deidra Marcus for close to 10 years.  We have a great relationship with two of the stylists there (tell Dawn and Michelle we said hello!).  We've also enjoyed some of their spa services, including pedicures, massages and facials.  All of the staff are top notch, and while some of the prices on their menu of services can be a little on the high side, the dedication to quality and personal attention are worth it.
On the last day of my vacation, I went to Deidra Marcus for a Brazilian. Tiffany was an absolute dream! It is the least painful waxing experience (not that a Brazilian is a walk in the park) I have had to date. Tiffany was super friendly and talked to me the whole time like we were old friends. The price was lower than I expected (I live in California) and the spa looked beautiful. I only wish there was a place like this and someone like her in Los Angeles.
I'm visiting from out of town and when I Yelped "Brazillian Wax" it only came up with FLL and Del Rey.  By word of mouth from Michelle's Nail Salon in Port St. Lucie, I was recommended to Deidra Marcus.  I was given an appt immediately with Adrienne.  Adrienne was terrific and did a great, professional job.  She used a hard wax so it didn't hurt and wasn't messy at all.  I even through in an eyebrow and made an appt to come back tomorrow for a hair color.   Thanks! Cara
I've been going to this salon and spa for over 4 years.  I have had waxes, massages, eyebrows, pedicures and regularly go to Dawn for fabulous color and exactly-what- I -want haircuts. I find it hard to believe that anyone would have anything less than a relaxing and positive experience here.  The facilities are impeccably clean and the decor is fresh and tasteful.  You can't buy the up-scale products they sell anywhere else but here and they make a tremendous difference in how my hair looks and feels.  I'm guessing that the people who gave the salon a bad review either can't really afford to pay for quality services or you don't have the balls to speak up and tell your stylist what you really want.  They aren't mind readers.  And, if you truly had a negative experience, why didn't you go back in and ask them to correct it?  Again, balless.......... By far, this is the best place to go anywhere around here in this bumpkin land.
