A little slice of Bay Ridge!!! Homemade Italian sausage, cannolis, all types of pies/cakes, bread, pasta fagioli; fresh subs/salads; prepared meals/entrees; gourmet groceries, many from NYC & Italy; huge selection of olives, cheese, pasta, olive oil. An outpost of foodie joy!!! A large "Big D" sandwich (salami, sopresata, cappicola, pepperoni, ham, etc) fed 3 very happy adults, for $6.89!!!
If you're not from an Italian family but want the great food and stern looks of disapproval that come with having one, Cardona's is the place for you. I generally find friendly people and thoroughly enjoyable Italian/American fare at the back where you order at the counter, and then you migrate to the front for the "What do you want, asshole?" neighborhood deli experience. They have a grocery section where you can buy a combination of stuff you can buy elsewhere, and stuff you'd find in your dead grandmothers cabinet that nobody ever ate. In the back there is homemade refrigerated stuff for frail pasty people of Lutheran upbringings such as myself who are incapable of even cooking ramen. Oh, and there's cheese. So much cheese. More cheese than an old Ahnold flick. It's all sprawled out on a large table in the middle of a room medieval feast style in a mix of samples and packaged cheese for sale. It looks like Cardona's raised an army, then invaded and sacked Wisconsin. I half expected Aaron Rodgers to be splayed on the table in ankle chains and a loin cloth. While you race around the cheese table taking an abusive, even borderline felonious amount of samples, geriatric people wander the store with blank expressions on their face but don't buy anything or even steal cheese. They just sort of stare off into the distance and rotate around the store like an ocean gyre. The center aisle of Cardona's features a small dine in bar-type area where various public and private sector employees of Albany who are legally required to have plastic ID badges and condescending attitudes vigorously consume their lunches before setting off an another adventure of monotonous bureaucracy and a lifetime worth of regret. Select a pint of the Cardona's veal & peppers. Place in blender. Drink the resulting meat-shake. Beg your girlfriend to not leave you shirtless in public on a cocktail of substances. You are now a Delaware Ave regular. Finalize your Cardona's experience by checking out with counter girls and business owners who barely bother to hide their disdain for you. Also, they have fresh bread at the counter, but if you want any you'll have to communicate in a series of aggravated grunts. Enjoy your cache of cheese.
+++++ - Everything is good here, you cannot go wrong with what ever you - Large cardona salad; cheap and fresh, enough for 3-4 people - Chicken meatballs; three thumbs up - Sundried tomato basil pasta; see chicken meatball comment - Atmosphere; like a neighborhood deli
I LOVE Cardona's! A small store that has A LOT to offer. Their sandwiches are amazing. I always order "The Turk". Served on ciabatta, it has turkey, I get cheddar cheese on it instead of something else, I forget what, bacon, lettuce and tomatoes. It is SO good. The bread is always fresh and perfect. It comes with a large serving of turkey and the bacon is always crispy. I've never ordered anything else from there - creature of habit, and really, why mess with perfection - but when my coworkers order food from there everything looks and smells just as amazing as my own sandwich.  I usually like to eat only half of a sandwich for lunch so I can eat the other half the next day but, well, not a possibility with Cardona's. But not because it's a small sandwich, because it's SO GOOD I feel the need to eat it all in one meal. The prices are very reasonable for what you get. I've had dessert from Cardona's at various parties over the years and everything is so good (noticing a theme?). Always fresh and delicious and tasty. There is never a shortage of compliments about the food. I love this place...and now I'm hungry. Anyway, if you're in the area, definitely check this place out!
Food is always pretty solid. Big pet peeve of mine is unfriendly employees. The girl who usually works the register always seem to be miserable. Doesn't effect the quality of the food but does take away from overall experience. With that said I've been to numerous parties that were serving only Cardona's food and it's always good. They barely have any signature sandwiches, not something hard to do. Step it up Cardona's.
Definitely worth a stop for a quick lunch or for some quick shopping for Italian goodies! I personally love Cardona's for that moment you realize you have to bring something to a party and you have no desire to cook: they have a great variety of catering items as well as salads and side dishes. Would definitely recommend, although it is a bit on the pricey side.
Great Italian deli in Albany. Ordered a 'Big D' sub. The bread was freshly baked. The meat, cheese, and vegetables were delicious and the overall sandwich was perfect; couldn't ask for a better sub. Also, its cheaper than Subway and there's no comparison.  The lady behind the counter was jovial and energetic, too. The good price and friendly service made the experience better, but the sub is 5 stars, regardless.
Cardona's subs are certainly contenders for the Capital Region's best.  Fresh sub rolls are a key part of the quality.  I also recommend trying a sub with their fried eggplant. Not greasy, properly seasoned, and cut to just the right thickness.  Call ahead for pick-up as it gets busy during peak times.
Awesome food. We were driving upstate and found this gem on yelp. Quality homemade food, sandwiches, and salads. Authentic Italian deli with friendly staff. Plenty of great import and specialty items in the grocery too. We live in the western US, but travel a lot. We'll return when we can.
A gem in a small town.  We ended up here trying to scroung up lunch for a group of people. One got an eggplant sandwich and the rest got freshly sliced corned beef, smoked turkey, fresh pasta bowtie salad, fresh cole slaw and some very rich and delicious brownies.  All to go.  All were happy.
Sweet Subs by Josh K. Perhaps Andy's down the road makes a better sub.  No one can deny that their loaded sandwiches, on that delicious sesame seed roll, are truly outstanding. However, don't overlook Cardona's Market, only a few blocks further down Delaware Avenue. Cardona's is my second favorite sub shop in town.  Their "El Cid (Italian Mix)" is pretty legendary.   It's also perhaps my favorite Italian grocer in the region (sorry Ragonese). Here's why: - An amazing cheese selection (both local, domestic and imported) that rivals most other places around (Cheese Traveler notwithstanding), and they have A LOT of free samples, even of their most expensive and delicious ones (truffle oil and herb cheese anyone?). - They stock Oscar's Smokehouse products for not much more money then going to the store in person.  Being that Oscar's is in Warrensburg, this is most convenient. - Ready-to-eat pasta dishes to go are under 7 bucks. -The "El Cid" is under 7 bucks. -Unlike Andy's, there are places to sit and eat-in. - I want to eat everything in the store (I probably have at this point). - It is very close to where I live (only Ragonese with their amazing canoli is closer). So yeah, Cardona's Market is pretty spectacular, and I am fortunate that Albany has such a great place to do my specialty food shopping and submarine sandwich snacking.
Love, love love this spot! They are a dime a dozen where I'm from but not in this area so bravo! It's immaculate! The variety of cheeses - as well as the sampling- is STAGGERING! Fresh produce. Dried beans, fresh pastas & variety if frozen ravioli, olive oils from all over the world, traditional Italian specialties like caper berries, white anchovies, lupine beans, huge variety of regional olives too! In house butcher. Catering. Premaid hot dishes, soups, pasta. Full deli. If your in need of the real deal- this is your new place paisano!
Great Italian market in Albany. A small but well stocked store offering much more than meets the eye. They have a wonderful cheese section as well as great imported boxed pasta in the back left corner of the store. They have some very hard to find pasta styles here including garganelli.....one of my favorites.
Chicken Parm sub was fabulous with hot and toasty fresh made sub roll.  The atmosphere is that of an upscale deli with nice woodwork and racks of Italian goodies!!
I live in Chicago these days but I still haven't stumbled upon a place that rivals Cardona's. One thing the Albany-area can boast is that there's a great selection of small Italian-style gourmet shops and delis. As everyone else has mentioned, it's the smell that will get you first. I don't want to repeat the previous reviews too much so I'd like to just point out a few of my favorite things about Cardona's or specific products they carry: -the bulk olive bar -the salads -gluten-free rice crackers available -gluten-free biscotti available -gluten-free pastas available -the frozen gelato -they don't use flour in their marsala!
Sandwiches are great. Call in orders normally get messed up or they are out of something and don't inform you until you drive all the way there. Tip- if you are going to order here, come in try their cheese samples and look at all their beautiful imported items while you wait for your order.   The only way to order from this little spot.
I cannot believe I have not yet posted a review of Cardona's Market! Ok, it's been sitting in my little reminder area for a while and I keep saying I'll get to it. I know, I know, I am really a bad Yelper for leaving them there so long even when I visit some of them all the time. Cardona's is a fun place to visit. As you walk inside, you walk through the market. Visually, the place is appealing, but as the smells hit your nose you realize it's the scents that you will remember the most. To the left is an array of cheeses. I could wander through this area for hours, so many different cheese with samples out for the tasting. Obviously some cheeses lend themselves better to being out on display than others, so not every cheese will be at its peak from a self serve plate. But I have found some awesome cheeses, there's a smoked cheddar that is now a required ingredient in our gluten free smoked mac and cheese. This reminds me, the real reason I decided I had to take a moment to write this review. Cardona's now carries a variety of gluten free pasta! I think our everyday supermarket had a great day when they added their first and only gluten free pasta, but Cardona's has a whole selection for different meals. No more will the wife have to pretend to be satisfied withthe same variety of pasta used for every meal! Each time I go, I find something new to enjoy. I think the only thing I don't like about Cardona's are the counter chairs. I cannot seem to balance and just end up bringing everything home instead.
I have been a frequent shopper at Cardona's but never totally paid attention to their meat section.  I would stick more with cheeses, olives, and their assorted salads(yum).  Last night I wandered to the back left corner to check out the meat selection that was touted by fellow yelpers. Oh. My. Why I had never tried to purchase meat from Cardona's before is beyond me.  And even their seafood looked amazing... way more amazing then I've ever seen it at either area grocery store.  Tiger shrimp? Scallops that looked so tasty I would probably eat them raw before I got them home?  I ended up settling on hot chicken sausage and no one at home was disappointed.   I even brought leftovers to work and I'm sure my coworkers are going to make me their new best friend when lunch time rolls around. Cardona's, I love you so.
I was a little disappointed with Cardona's after reading all the rave reviews. I certainly may be alone in my disappointment, as when I went to do a little shopping and get a sandwich at lunch on a recent visit, the place was jam-packed, almost hilariously so, with a succession of burly construction workers, U Albany Medical Center staff (you could tell from their IDs) and ladies from the neighborhood. So take my negatives here with the appropriate grain of salt that I do not speak for the masses. Sandwiches: I start with the premise that the bread makes the sandwich, or can break it, and what I got was a plain white Italian roll that was pretty tasteless. The two sandwiches we tried were both really mundane: my chicken parm meatball, despite the raves in other reviews, wasn't anything very different from what I've had elsewhere. The sweet spinach salad was interesting, with dates (we think) and pear juice, but at the lunch rush we literally got about an ounce of salad tossed into a $2.50 half pint container, and the cheese sort of overwhelmed everything. And their meats are Boar's Head! WTF? An Italian specialty shop using McMeat for its sandwiches? Throw in the chaos of the lunch rush, it didn't exactly beckon me back. As for the deli side: I expected more Italian favorites, but the stock on the shelves, with a few exceptions here and there, had nothing one can't find at a supermarket. And forget about meat/cheese by the pound, given the sandwich counter's predomination. There is a small produce section so I can see this being a perfectly decently quick-stop place when cooking if you live in the neighborhood, which I do not. I will give Cardona's another shot when I'm around sometime during a quieter hour to see if I didn't just get a bad employee making us our nyeah sandwiches, but only if I happen to be nearby: no longer a destination.
The smell is tomatoes.  Stewing, simmering tomatoes.  And it hits you like a ton of bricks when you walk into the store. How could nobody have told me about this place.  It reminded me of Ultra Luca or AG Ferrari from the Bay Area.  Although much less pretense. They have extensive selection of homemade ravioli and tortellini.  A mind boggling assortment of imported canned tomatoes.  And jars of anchovies the size of a baby's head.   If you do not cook with anchovies, you are seriously missing out. Plus, if you are having several people over for dinner, and don't feel like cooking, just call ahead and pick up a half-tray of lasagna.  Damn that's good stuff.  We got one for New Year's Eve, and it was perfect. The location of this store on Delaware Ave is one of the strongest arguments I have for considering a move to the neighborhood.
Just stick your head in the door and take a big whiff of this place and that pretty much tells the story: awesome. Whether you need a few thick slices of pancetta for that meal you're cooking, gathering ingredients for a killer antipasto, or want an amazing sandwich Cardona's can't be beat. You can now go in and pretty much get a whole hot meal to bring home, and if you're having a party they will supply you with trays of food that are so good people will be licking out the aluminum pans. Maybe a little of the neighborhood charm vanished during their recent renovation, but that's just cosmetic. Cardona's remains top shelf.
I often watched my mother labor over eggplant . I loved it ,but seldom took the time to prepare. Yesterday I picked up a few items at Cardonnas .  Oh yes... The eggplant was great. The store is such an asset to the neighborhood .
Holy crap, I can get a cannoli any time I want when I'm in the Delaware Ave neighborhood. And they are soooo good. This is a local shop run by 3 generations of the same family for the past 50 years. They've got free range, organic meats at affordable prices, and they'll cut a piece of meat smaller if you don't want so much. Other things they have: Olive bar, tons of cheeses (Helloooo fresh romano wedge!), olive oils, home made pasta sauces, deli meats, desserts, hot food dishes, sodas, cookies, bread, fresh coffee beans, frozen pasta dishes... pretty much everything you'd need. Also, you'll probably start drooling when you walk in the door. I don't know what I'm smelling, I just know it smells good.
It's like D'agastino's baby brother.... Went here to grab lunch and just loved the friendly service!  Though I just had a salad and my mother a sandwich, they were really good basics!  They carried a good selection of food and baked goods and specialty items as well.
I love Cardonas.  I wish I lived closer--I'd definitely be here more often.  I also wish they stayed open later.   Cardonas has amazing prepared foods as well as delicious subs, and imported products.  I have never gotten anything I haven't enjoyed.  Everything is high quality and delicious.   The prices here are fair considering the high quality of everything.  The people who work here are really friendly too.
I love Cardona's!! I was introduced by some Albany townies who have been going there their whole lives. I was amazed when I walked it, it was small but had a lot of merchandise, and most of it authentic Italian! They have authentic italian pastries and candies that I take home to my family on Holidays. You can also get a full hot dinner, and every day some of the menu items change but some stay the same-- for example, the Chicken Meatballs are always there and they are to die for, and much healthier!! Subs are good and generous portions. My favorite thing is to get fresh dough, shredded mozzarella, and their pizza sauce and make homemade pizzas. Just stop in, you'll find SOMETHING that will make your mouth water.
I used to love coming here, but lately their service leaves much to be desired.   I had an experience similar to one of the other reviewers: I was waiting at the hot bar, no one was helping me (but they looked busy, so I didn't mind), when a woman pushed right past me to get to the counter.  Not only did the counter person continue to ignore me, but she immediately began helping the woman who had cut in front of me.  To make matters worse, when I pointed out that I had been waiting in line, the woman even tried to pick a fight with me, and justified her actions with "Well I come here every night!".  So... I guess that gives her the right to cut in front of other customers (other customers who were buying lamb chops, produce, AND prepared food, and would have spent more money than she did on the tiny salad she was getting).  I guess the counter person thought so too, because at no point did she apologize for skipping me, or even acknowledge that I was there.  She just continued helping the nasty woman who had cut in line, as she became more and more abusive toward me (calling me a B-word and whatnot). At this point I decided to leave, and as the final insult, I could hear both her and the counter person laughing at me as I walked out.   Well, I hope they enjoy their nasty customers who frequent their establishment, because I won't be shopping there again.
Wonderful selection of Italian foods. They have prosciutto di Parma and the sausages are delicious. Tiramisu is also very good too. Highly recommended.
Cardona's is great for everything Italian as the other reviewers have already stated:  the cheese, the olives, the desserts, the pasta.   But this place has the best veal anywhere in the world.  Each piece is lovingly hand cut and pounded thin.  Time after time, it comes out perfect when you cook it. This quality is WORTH waiting for.  If you don't want to wait, go to Hannaford or Price Chopper.
Sandwiches are delicious and MUCH more filling than subway (similar price to their $5 footlong). You can't beat mom and pop joints.
Why did none of my co-workers tell me how great this place is?!?  I have worked behind and walked by Cardona's for over 2 years and never ventured in.  Well, my lack of lunch packing skills lead me in there today and I am so mad I didn't discover it sooner!! They have a lovely produce, cheese and antipasto section as well as hot and cold dishes to go.  I got one of the grab and go entrees (Gnocchi in Pesto Sauce with Fresh Tomatoes) and it was wonderful!  I love the fresh bread behind the counter as well...mine was still warm when I got back to my office!!   I cannot tell you how much I love WARM, fresh baked bread.  It's manna from the gods. The only recommendation I would have is to have ingredient labels on some of the items, especially some of the salads and soups.  I'm vegetarian and don't want to take the risk of consuming some animal products.
I stopped in one Sunday for lunch, and ending up getting a very delicious sandwich. They have a pretty expansive menu, and I found the prices to be very reasonable. The sandwich tasted fresh, and was a very nice size. My only complaint is their selection of drinks. This prevents it from being a one stop lunch place, since I find myself venturing to a convenience store next door for a beverage. Only a minor complaint, I would definitely return here again.
Cardona's is a fantastic Italian imports market/deli in the Delaware Ave neighborhood of Albany.  Go there for the cheese.  Go there for the olives and pastas.  Pick up some real San Marzano tomatoes in a huge can and grab a fresh loaf of Prinzo's bread (baked just down the street).   BAM!     This place has you covered for your Italian impulses.   Also has an outstanding deli section, where a store employee will make you a fantastic sandwich (get the Big D) or serve you up some lasagna or pasta salad.  Fresh soup.  Desserts!   Oh man..
Great selection on cheese and authentic Italian antipastos. Great take out hot food too. I mean I just can't say amazing enough!!
I don't even know here to begin about Cardona's. When you walk in it smells like you grandmothers kitchen on a Sunday, the great small of sauce and when I walk forward to the dessert and hot foods display my eye light up every time. My favorite is the Dottie G sandiwich breaded eggplant cutlet, tomato, fresh mozzarella, and basil to make you toes curl even more, get it toasted on ciabatta bread!  Next, while I wait in line for my sandwich to be crafted I cant help but to grab a bowl of their pasta fagioli soup, sprinkled with just the right amount of parmesan its to die for. Cardona's is such an awesome lunch spot and in the summer their home made bruchetta is out of this world, paired with a loaf of their in house baked break I sit there and eat the entire container. I bring all of my friends here for lunch and they always go back!
Love this place, the food is amazing and the prices are def fair. well worth the trip off the beaten path when in Albany.
I was impressed with the food selection and enjoyed the free cheese samples. The service was lacking since I understand when you make a lot of money you lose patience with customers who may ask a few extra questions... Food tasted generic, nothing to brag about...
Yesssss
Good.
Rude guy working basically ignored me despite talking right at him and him looking RIGHT AT ME. Decided to help someone else besides me. A response, a "I'll be right with you" would've sufficed. It made me feel discriminated against- how are you going to totally ignore me even though I asked you for help multiple times, but when a white lady walks up you help her right away? And then I call the store to voice my objections about the service and they say "we're too busy to talk to you right now".... Is this a custom on the East Coast? Do people actually think they're doing YOU a favor when you shop at their store? I've NEVER experienced this ANYWHERE. Outrageous! I'll never shop there again, not that they'd probably even mind!
I can't believe I lived in Albany for any amount of time without knowing about Cardona's market. Now it is the only reason I live in Albany.
Hallelujah!!!! O' Happy Days!! I found a great hoagie here in Albany. Me and my brother went to Cardonna's Market today and no offense to all the Andy's lovers, this spot has the best sandwiches hands down! I ordered the 'Big D" sandwich that comes on a pretty good Italian roll, with Genoa Salami, Sopresata, Peperoni, Cappy Ham, Provolone, Lettuce-Tomato-Onions, and a nice Italian Dressing. The only thing I changed was the cheese, up here they lover that round, Medigan crap Provolone and I asked for good ole Sharp Provolone instead. The Sandwich guy looked me in the eye and said 'Well, we use regular-........" He saw the look in my eyes and said that he'll be happy to do that for me. Smart Man. While you wait for your food, you can walk around the store and see all they have to offer-which is a lot. What I really loved about Cardonna's is they leave little cheese samples all over the place for you to taste and I tried em all. We rushed home and I unwrapped the "Big D" and took a big bite and I was not disappointed. Everything was exceptional, with high quality. The only negative thing I have to say is that the bread wasn't the bomb diggity when you compare it to Sarcone's, liscious, or Atlantic City bread, but right here and right now, it's a dream.
This is a great little Italian imports market, deli and lunch spot and deserves to be near the top of my "sandwiches" list. There's a little bit of just about everything. This small space packs a combination variety, quality and quantity punch. First of all, I must mention the cheese selection. In the middle of the grocery department sits the cheese department, which is basically a couple of tables and several wheels of cheese. Here, find the Grana Padano your latest cookbook calls for. They obviously assume you want the option for the real deal. There is an olive selection to knock your socks off. Say, "Booooooo!" to the puny excuse of an olive bar your big grocery store offers and come here. There's a cold cuts deli in the back featuring the familiar standards. Find fresh quail, rabbit and pheasant available, too. It was a hand written sign so I don't know if these specialty items are always available. Now to the star of my visit, The Sandwich. We had a sandwich that is the envy of most other sandwiches. The bread. Holy Moly the bread. A multi-grain ciabatta that was not so much crunchy but was firm and sandwich perfect. FUH-GETTABOUT-IT - Chicken Cutlet, Prosciutto, Spinach, Sage, Fresh Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Fresh Tomato. It's a winner. However, I felt like the chicken needed salt and could have used a bit more of something to wet it. I think perhaps they were relying on the prosciutto to provide the salt. I am not taking a star off for this because the salad of spinach, goat cheese, dates and pecans made me fuh-gettabout-it. Check out their sandwich/salad menu here... cardonasmarket.com/image… There are two long counters in the middle of the store with stools for those wishing to lunch in-house. Very comfy and set up so you are not bothered by or bothering those shopping for pantry staples. The hot foods section is well described in other reviews, and there are photos from the technologically savvy. It was difficult to pull myself away. There is a massive selection of coffee. But it is not significantly marked as fairly traded, local or organic if these are important qualities in your coffee purchasing. I was not in "buy coffee" mode so maybe I overlooked these features. Everyone was quite friendly to us. They let us take our time and were very good at answering questions and directing the proper ordering/paying/eating procedure. Order food, choose drinks, pay at the counter, take a seat or otherwise occupy yourself while you wait. It's a small space so I can imagine this place is a mad house at peak times. Well worth many a visit.
What a treasure!!!   It's worth taking the time to find this lovely market. The cheeses are fabulous and the ability to taste is so great.  The kaiser rolls are reminiscent of the german bakery I went to as a kid in Wisconsin.  The staff were so helpful.  Charming place.  Wish I wasn't driving 75 miles or I would have gotten the homemade gelato or frozen ravioli.  Thanks Yelp!
cardona's is great. we go there a few times a week. there are so many things that make this a great place. the butcher has great steaks, home made sausage, and other great looking meats. you can get beef ground to order. the butcher counter is also where you can get cold cuts. cardona's also carries some great stuff from oscar's smoke house including bacon at the butcher counter. the sandwiches and subs are great. i am a big fan of the cardona's club. at the same counter where you order sandwiches there is a selection of a dozen hot dishes. they change daily, but some standards like chicken meatballs and pasta with tomato cream sauce are always there. the hot choices are great for nights when you don't feel like cooking. they have dishes you would find on a restaurant menu, but you can easily spend less than $20 on dinner for two. they also have yummy desserts. definitely try the ganache brownie. they have a good selection of cheese, olives, and cold salads. there is also a nice selection of produce. i can't and don't want to remember what life was like before i discovered cardona's.
Yum. Yum. Yum. That's all that really needs to be said. I wish I were pack-man and could eat my way through everything in this place. Having just moved here and bemoaning the loss of a Philadelphia-favorite Italian specialty grocer (DiBruno's Brothers), I was thrilled to find Cardona's. I have been most impressed by their jarred sauces. The pesto taste like it has just been made every time I buy it (where are they finding such delectable basil in the middle of winter?). And I never thought in a million years I'd write a review with both "most impressed" and "jarred sauces" in it. I try to stop in once a week and simply be inspired for dinner ingredients. And I have never been disappointed. The sausages, cheese, coffee, bread... all wonderful. I am gushing, I know. It's simply gush-worthy food. It has become my weekly habit.
I love Cardona's -- walking in the front door, is like stepping back in time to a deli in Boston's North End (I'm from Boston, so that's the best comparison I can make). It may seem small from the outside, but the selection of cheeses, ready-made meals and specialty foods (small jars of hard to find ingredients) are vast. You must try their meatballs.
I want to update my review to make it perfect star. Chicken cutlet,  Chicken meatballs, sausage & peppers and particularly the bread which pulls me back over and over again.
We recently had a party catered by Cardona's.  The food was FANTASTIC and the delivery was right on time.  Our guests all raved over how wonderful everything was.  We had baked ziti, chicken marsala, tomato & mozzarella salad and the wonderful meatballs.  I would not hesitate to have catering done by Cardona's!  GREAT job!
My only complaint about Cardona's Market is that they close at 7.  After a long day of work there is nothing that I want more than to grab dinner from their hot bar buffet - which is always well stocked with the staples of Italian food.  They also make some of the best subs that you can get in the Capital Region and I would recommend you try the Pasquali.  Cardona's has more than just fast foods too - they have a great selection of fresh cheese and produce as well as various grocery items.  If you're in the mood to make pizza then you have to get their signature Pizza Sauce and Pizza Dough and maybe even get a couple slices of Sopressata and Mozzarella.  I guarantee it will be a hit and all of my friends agree!
We tried two subs from Cardona's Market, the "Queen G" (including turkey, roasted peppers and Italian dressing) and the "Drunken Irishman" (including corned beef, cabbage and Russian dressing), and both were above average.  But in comparison to that other Italian deli, Andy & Sons, which is a two minute walk away on the same street, Cardona's subs are a lightweight contender against the heavyweights from Andy's.  Cardona's simply does not pile on the ingredients like Andy's.
They really need to stop putting out samples of every cheese they sell.  How am I supposed to ever make a decision when I know exactly how fantastic they all are?  Awesome little Italian market, beautifully renovated to utilize every nook.  It's amazing how much they have packed into this store, yet it doesn't feel crowded, just feels warm and cozy.  Their bread is fantastic (if you don't get it warm from the shop, pop it in your oven for a few minutes before you attack it, it's worth the wait!). I'm a vegetarian, so I can't speak much for the meats or many prepared dishes, but the cheeses= wonderful, the penne with basil cream sauce= wonderful, hot roasted veggies= wonderful, fresh salads= wonderful, bread= AMAZING.  As you may imagine, a trip here can get a little pricey, but that is the only reason why I'm not back every week.
I help my aging parents with a lot of things.  I help with food shopping, deciding on major purchases and I go with them to doctor visits.  While I am more than happy to do it - I have really really terrific parents, and while I am very pleased with the doctors they both have, sometimes when I accompany my dad to the VA, it's a little depressing.  Not just realizing that he's getting older, but seeing all the other older gentlemen and women; some of whom just look lonely.   So how do I cheer myself up after a visit to the VA?  Cardona's!!! The beautiful fresh produce - a little pricey maybe, but worth every penny!  The hand cut meats and house made sausage!  They even have Italian hot and sweet chicken sausage!  Extraordinary!!  The cannolis and other baked goods... just a smell makes me smile!  The fresh soup - different every day and all really tasty!  And the prepared foods - delicious!  Yesterday I got the chicken francais, really good but not what I was expecting since it had a cheesy sauce without much lemon, but very tasty, and a fruit and nut salad which had romaine lettuce, strawberries, fresh mozzerella and a bunch of other things very lightly dressed with extra virgin olive oil.   Browse around, buy some beautiful pasta and some cheese, order a sandwich and I promise, you'll leave with a smile.
I just moved near Cardonas and gave it a try a few months ago. Best little place on earth. The chicken meatballs are to die for. I love the Cream sauce they are in. Im normally not a big cannoli lover but these are fantastic. The shell is soft which really gives it a great texture. While I wouldnt go there to shop for regular items you can buy in the store (they have name brand items for sale too) bc I think they are a little over priced, I will go there for the speciality items such as their meatballs and cookies and salads.
Yum! Adorable Italian deli/market that I would definitely frequent if I lived in Albany. Had a delicious sandwich while gazing at scrumptious-looking meats, cheeses, and other items. Definitely worth a visit if you're doing some Italian cooking or just want a good meal to go.
I went there on my friend's reco. It was one of the best restaurents in the neighborhood. I am a veg. And there are usually not many options for me in a regular Italian restaurents. At Cardona's, Dottie G is very good for it's value. I enjoyed their tiramisu for dessert. I think they are overpriced for regular groceries but you can't beat them in the Italian groceries and food in both quality and taste. I have been a frequent flyer since my first visit about 1 year ago.
Amazing.  I love everything about this place, from the stellar cheese samples (it's like Cheese World) to the take-out fully cooked Italian meals.  Imported goods, super friendly and helpful staff, and the biggest negative for me is that it tends to be too crowded.  I'm a little antisocial, so take that with a grain of salt.  I like to go there after stopping by Davey Jone's Locker for fish supplies.
No place like it in Albany! Must try there hot lunch. Nothing more to say because every item is sooooo good!
Cardona's has the best assortment of cheeses and charcuterie in the area. You can try all the various samples and marvel at the authenticity and prettiness of the store. My favorite cheeses from Cardona's so far are the truffle-infused cheese and the taleggio. Get a few varieties, cured meat and freshly baked bread to go, and you're all set for a nice European-inspired meal (plus some wine).
Well, of course I went back! Top notch quality turkey offerings for Thanksgiving. I like to ask a few questions while purchasing meat, so I asked if the turkey needed to be thawed, only to get a shocked look in return "this turkey has never been frozen." This place is as fresh as it gets. Also, if you're looking to save a little bit of money, the meatpacks are a great buy. You still get the quality fresh meats from Cardona's, but you get them in bulk. They even separate the meats in portions for easy freezing. The meat is also fresh, so you never have to worry about refreezing meat.
Happened upon Cardona's and was very surprised and enthused. They have great prices on Italian imports if you're not picky about your brand...got huge 6lb cans of imported tomatoes for $6, and imported pasta for 99 cents a pound...can't beat that anywhere. They also had great purple garlic, which is difficult to find. Worth a trip whenever you're in the neighborhood, just a block down from the Spectrum and New World.
so many reviews about the chicken meatballs, but it can't hurt to mention them again, right?  i usually grab them, a bit of penne with the tomato cream sauce, and a salad.  last visit, i arrived late (:30 to closing), and both of my favorite salads (apple walnut and sweet spinach) were sold out.  bummer... but i can only blame myself.  i tried the tomato/mozz/pesto instead and was not disappointed. whatever you do, don't try their canolis or cheesecake brownies.  you will not be able to pass them up ever again. ;)
I guess the secret is out, but it's also been a mainstay in Albany for quite some time, so no surprise there.  While I am super bummed that the prosciutto and other deli selections are Boar's Head, I've not seen any other Italian deli with anything different in this area, either, so it must be a distribution thing.  I still enjoy the prosciutto I get there, especially when it's wrapped with care the way Robert Cardona does it (plastic sheets and paper-neatly folded and tied with string). What I LOVE is just about everything else!   In the cashier area are the special/seasonal goods.  They get seasonal cookies sent to them from a just-outside-of -local bakery and I look forward to seeing what they have in store, each time.  They also have special fruits domestically imported from California, like Medjool dates and black figs which are truly divine. Their fresh and ready-to-eat area is outrageously awesome.  While I've heard great things from friends about other sandwiches, I haven't been able to pry myself away from the "Forgetaboutit" Sandwich (Breaded chicken cutlet, prosciutto, tomatoes, spinach, and fresh mozzarella baked on ciabatta bread).  It's just too good.  I've also tried their hot meals and salads and they are quite delicious too. They always have cheese samplers to try which is just fun to do, and they even have huge wheels/rounds hanging if you want cheese in bulk.  Same goes for prosciutto and bulk dried Italian herbs (They're in the corner by the fresh produce, you may have to ask). I've tried their Fradiavolo sauce which is bottled and ready to go and it was really great.  I've been meaning to pick up some of their heat-n-serve meatballs or some of their other sauces, too, because they look so delicious.  I can imagine it'd be great for a quick dinner party. Their imports are pretty standard in terms of what you'd want/need to make great authentic Italian.  They even have non-Italian international things like crackers and jams. The staff is always so nice, from the butcher guys in the back, to the sandwich guys in the front, to the cashiers who send you off.  The trip to Cardona's can be a little hard on the wallet, so watch out and be prepared for that.  Despite the occasional surprise of how much I actually spent at the register, I honestly think it's worth it for the quality you get.  It really is a family-run business, and if you ask yourself what YOU'D pay for your grandma's cooking, it's really quite reasonable.
LOVE this place! Great market and deli. Get's pretty packed for lunch.
The fact that I love this place even though I'm a vegetarian speaks to its quality.  I simply feel happy whenever I walk through the doors. My first stop is always at the cheese; typically I sample several cheeses that look good or intriguing.  Then I move on to the homemade, jarred sauces, which are phenomenal.  I've had the vodka sauce and the pizza sauce.  Next on my list to try is the pesto, which I'm sure will be equally delicious. The prepared foods (pastas, etc.) are good and priced fairly.  The freshly baked bread is a nice companion to whatever meal you're planning while walking through the market. All of the products (olive oils, pastas, etc) are quite simply the things I like to eat, so the fact that they are all here and they are all of such impeccable quality makes this place a favorite of mine. Throw in the fact that the staff is friendly (but not annoying), helpful, and knowledgable, and you get the five star review. Tip: buy a couple of the 1 lb. pizza doughs, a jar of pizza sauce, a bag of freshly shredded mozzarella, and whatever toppings sound good to you at that moment.  Go home, open a bottle of wine, and make some delicious pizzas with these quality ingredients and a few good friends.  You won't be disappointed, and you'll be back to Cardona's soon!
Best chicken meatball hero I have ever had, plus such a cool vibe.
5 star deli, but not the customer service needs to be improved. Authentic, fresh, and delicious italian food.  Their deli always serves up good prosciutto, ground meat, and braciole.  I haven't tried their steaks, but they look great.  They carry a lot of produce, which is pricey but fresh.  Their cheese selection is excellent.  They even have a great selection of frozen raviolis with many different fillings.
A little pricey but worth it
I went here after trying Andy & Sons the day before because I was under the assumption that they were similar and I wanted to take a stance on which was better. Even though they are on the same street only a block or so away from each other they are vastly different. The rolls at Cardona's are less airy, more dense and very crisp on the outside. There is a normal but not overflowing amount of meat and cheese with whole leaves of romaine lettuce. The macaroni salad has that great classic taste with the addition of green and red peppers. I also got a couple of the chicken meatballs everyone was raving about and I have to agree that they are quite tasty. They have a variety of hot prepared foods to choose from as well as subs. Its hard to decide on one thing when there is so much right in front of you to choose from. They carry a variety of products as they are basically a small grocery store with many imports. They also sell their own homemade sauces. I bought a jar of the vodka sauce. One of the better jarred sauces I've had but it doesn't live up freshly prepared restaurant quality.
this is without a doubt one of the best places to be found in albany. they have organic meats (they even grind your ground beef For you while you wait as well as the hard cheeses) and vegetables. their hot and cold case is also a delight. the chicken meatballs are truly one of the most amazing things to be found to eat nearby. they are a secret recipie of the grandfather and i have given them to friends only to be told they wake up in the middle of the night dreaming of them. and drooling. the have numerous hot dishes to go, each as delicious as the next, fantastic subs and deserts galore. and every single person that works there is outstandingly friendly and helpful. we simply adore this place.
I love this place. The meatballs are delicious and everything is top quality. The other night they had gorgeous marzipan fruit that I couldn't resist getting for dessert. The kids eyes lit up when they saw them and there was lots of oohing and awing.
Wow! The sandwiches are great. My husband raved over the Vinnie B almost as much as I did over the Augusto. The chicken meatballs are as good as mentioned by other reviews. The broccoli rabe has was flavorful and spicy. The asparagus was crisp and perfectly seasoned.  The veal and peppers were tasty and caramelized to perfection. The salads at lunch are beautiful. They have an extensive cheese selection, as well as in house made fresh bread and fresh fruit . The cannoli are the best.  The staff is friendly. This is a small refreshing spot. We are new to Albany and we will eat here as often as possible. We haven't even touched the surface of the possibilities they offer.
Best subs in Albany...I had been a frequent flier at Ragonese on New Scotland however Cardonas is head and shoulders above the rest. I go with the Cowboy Wayne with the chicken cutlet instead of the sliced meat and it is delicious as is the tomato and mozzarella salad. Service is great too...they know your name after only a few visits. Fantastic place for a quick lunch. 10/10
Awesome cheese selections, lunch selections, as well as quick and helpful staff behind the counter preparing the food. When it comes time to check out, you feel as though you're putting those staff out or something They could certainly be friendlier and don't give the impression of liking their work in the least. But overall a great place for great food.
