Excellent place. We were vacationing in Daytona Beach & had a murky rainy day so we spent our day here. My 10 year old enjoyed herself. This museum also has a nice nature trail. It's very peaceful & covered so this is doable in drizzle.
I haven't actually been to this museum in years.  The last time I went was about 8 years ago when I still lived in Ormond Beach. I went recently to visit with a friend, as I remembered it being a pretty cool museum (for such a small city, at least).  We walked in to the lobby, showing interest in entering the museum, but the lady behind the counter did not acknowledge us at all.  The ticket prices seemed pretty steep... I think it was around $15 for a student ticket.  We decided to leave and find something else to do. They have a really neat nature trail right by the parking lot of the museum.  We spent about an hour exploring, and there are lots of little plaques with facts about the native plants and animals.  We really enjoyed this, and it was free!  Definitely worth checking out if you don't have a lot of time to spend!
I would make my by monthly trips down to Daytona Beach and never saw this museum so it was a nice surprise when a friend recommended this place. the exhibits were very interesting and my 2 year old enjoyed the kids center. The price for admission is very reasonable, you can easily enjoy 1/2 day to 1 day there.
For a town the size of Daytona, the Museum of Arts and Sciences was pretty expansive in its offerings. Highlights: -Full-size vintage train cars -Exhibit on Coca-Cola -Kids Area -Planetarium And the great thing is it's easy to find a $5 off coupon in pretty much any tourist magazine!  This makes the price around $7.  Not bad at all! We did see a guided tour taking place, which may be a good option, but I don't have much information on it.  Parking is free and there is a small gift shop.  I would set aside two hours to explore the facility, 3 hours if you want to get in-depth.
Daytona's little museum. It's not world-class, but it is respectable. There are permanent exhibits of jewelery, Cuban artwork, some locally-found fossils and many other things. I always enjoyed looking at the fossilized giant ground sloth (13-ft tall!) and going to the planetarium on school trips. Admission is a few bucks donation, but I believe there are free/discounted days--check out the website.
I really do like this Museum. The revamped kid's area is really cool. They have programs for children's groups and birthday parties. I love the Cuban art section. There are many galleries, but a few of them, I personally am not too interested in. (example, vintage cars) The staff is really been super the times I have been. From the kids program, parties, and the docents. Once, right after the hurricane, and before they updated the kid's area, one took us back to see the sloth even though it wasn't open to the public. Cool tip, they have a free iPhone app that does a virtual tour of some of the galleries and enhanced information on some of the pieces.
My husband and I were so surprised to find such a wonderful gem of a museum! They had some very great and interesting exhibitions. Even though I easily get bored with museums, this one could keep my attention! The nicest volunteer, Rose, escorted us around the museum telling us her amazing tidbits of wisdom about the pieces. They also have a great children's wing that we (adults) enjoyed! They also have a planetarium that we didn't get to check out. Long story short-- loved it!
Most wonderful place, has a nature trail outside, the fossil of a giant sloth, couple of art galleries, planetarium with regular show and children's laser show (both included in the ticket price), a hands on science lab, some historic train cars and insects classification displays. I used the coupon and saved money on the ticket.
It's a different way to spend an afternoon in Daytona. A small museum, but it has a lot of interesting things to look at. I wouldn't compare it to the museums in large cities like Boston or DC, but this is a quaint (and extremely affordable) museum. Anyone living in Daytona should check it out at some point.
The Museum of Arts and Sciences is an excellent museum with plenty to offer people of all ages.  They have a very nice variety of exhibits that are well-maintained.  The docents are friendly and informative.  They have a planetarium (excellent, btw) and a new Children's wing that has a lot of interactive hands-on learning opportunities.  There's a little cafe that's nice for taking a coffee break halfway through the visit.  The nature trail outside of the museum is well worth the hike.  I have a family membership to MOAS that I'll continue to renew year after year.  Thank you MOAS for all that you do.  There should be more places like this in town.
Daytona Beach, a town the cultural reputation of which is pretty much dominated by NASCAR and bikers, has an amazingly nice art and natural sciences museum.. It is not big, but has pretty good collections of Cuban art, some interesting east Asian stuff, fossils, a small science museum aimed at kids, some art from the southeast, a very impressive collection of Coca-Cola memorabilia,  some cool old railroad  coach cars, and very nice and free nature trails..  When I visited in Jan 2010 some of the collection was stowed away due to some flood damage parts of the museum suffered, I hope by now that has all been repaired.  So what I saw was a significantly reduced version of what the museum normally shows, and I was still very impressed.. If you are in the Daytona area, this is definitely worth a visit!  Close enough to the Speedway so that you can hear the roar of the engines, so a high culture visit to this museum can be combined with a visit to the speedway to experience a different sort of "culture"
