Beautiful museum! My latest discovery. Impressed with the garden, flowers, nature, art, and waterfalls. It was very refreshing to be there. I felt like I was stepping into a different world away from Ormond Beach. A must see!
Beautiful little botanical gardens, located in the heart of the city. I love to steal away here from time to time, to walk around in the shade of the trees and see what's blooming. (And to check up on the snapping turtles in the pond up front!) It's a small place, only a few acres, but the dense foliage and winding trails make you feel like you're miles away. There is a large gazebo in the center which is a beautiful site for a wedding. In addition to the gardens, there is a small art museum on the grounds. Admission is either free or a small donation.
A quiet oasis in Ormond Beach. Large parking lot. Beautiful, well-maintained botanical garden. Reasonable small town art gallery. Great place for wedding!
The Ormond Memorial Garden is like a secret garden in the heart of the city. Small as it is and as close to a major intersection as it sits, once you take a few steps in you are transported to a beautiful and far off garden. Quiet, serene and seemingly private the garden is a great place to relax and read in a genuinely peaceful environment.
we were visiting from michigan and were looking for some thing to do while in Daytona and we never have known about the museum and gardens if it weren't for yelp. the gardens and museum are free and close at dark. donations are accepted. this is a nice little spot to walk around for a while, relax and enjoy the scenery. the waterfall and the turtles were our favorite parts. we even got to see some oranges growing on the trees! trust me, we're from michigan so that was definitely a highlight!
This is a nice little botanical gardens and there is small art museum to the side. I just saw the gardens, in Jan 2010. I was at a conference in Daytona Beach for a week, had no rental car, and took public transport (the bus) to get up here.   Public transport in Florida is not very good, so that process took awhile. I would say this is a nice little gardens to explore if you are already in the area and a great place to escape from all the traffic and unrestricted Floridian sprawl for the locals..  However, not really worth going  much out of your way for.. I combined a  visit here with a visit to the nearby former Rockefeller house, "The Casements", and was in general underwhelmed.. Perhaps if I had had a car or if there was good public transporation around and thus not had such trouble getting here, my perspective would have been different..
This was small but very pretty and free! Loved the gardens!
