Looking for things to do with young children while visiting Daytona Beach? Have a kid-like fascination with marine life and beautiful birds of prey? This is a good option.   The Marine Science Center is interactive in all the ways children love. There are real live turtles being nursed back to health in giant pools as well as many things to see and touch! There are a few aquariums just tall enough for your little ankle biters to get  an eye level view of some interesting sea creatures. There is also a shallow pool for touching sting rays and hermet crabs, but watch out for the clawless lobster in a separate shallow tank. He's an aggressive little fart! He had no idea just how lucky he is I didn't have a pot , a burner and some butter! A science room in the rear has arts and crafts for kids to color and make little keepsakes from their visit. All kinds of dead things in jars and lab microscopes to examine a few special samples like sand. Honestly, sand viewed under a microscope looks very sharp and dangerous. Our kids found it to be fascinating stuff. Ongoing educational movies on marine life continuously played on the TV's. Other items in the room included a sample of shed  Anaconda skin that freaked out the ladies in our group.  During our time, one staff member came in the room with a turtle and did an impromptu presentation. The kids were thrilled! There is a nice walking garden outside and across the parking lot is a bird sanctuary. There we found beautiful bald eagles and several other birds of prey, including a Red-Tailed Hawk that made the most awesome screeching sound... just like you hear in western movies (check out what I mean here): youtube.com/watch?v=33DW…  He was a real beauty but the bird keeper told me he was annoyed because we kept calling out to him to make the screeching sound again. I disagree since he was doing it long before anyone came into his area. Sounded to me like he was saying "Hey bro, get me outta here!" LOL   THE VERDICT Not the best value, but it was inexpensive enough to keep the kids interested for a couple of hours. Be sure to check out the lighthouse nearby. You could make an entire afternoon of your visit between these two attractions. Yelp100 [5]
Small center, not much to see but still enjoyable. You can touch the sting rays. It is also a hospital for turtles.
Yep, it's small. It's also cheap (only $5 for adults and some other smaller amounts if you're really young or really old). There are maybe only about five or six small tanks filled with seahorses, eels, an assortment of fish, and reefs. In addition, there is a medium touch pool for sting rays. And there's an area for the little turtles to chill in. If you're there at an opportune time, you may witness the staff members feed the various sea creatures, which is quite amusing. A picture window opens up to the "operating room" where you can witness the staff members and volunteers work with the sick or injured turtles. This is definitely fascinating to watch for people of any age. The Turtle ICU is attached to the main building and semi-outdoors, meaning that you're completely covered but there is no air conditioning. So it can get rather warm in the Summer, but definitely something to see. It made me a little sad to see how badly some of them were injured by boat propellers. Across the small parking lot is the bird sanctuary. It houses several recovering birds, including birds of prey. Did I mention that the parking lot is super small? I was actually surprised at how popular the place is and how the parking severely lacks the ability to conveniently provide space for the visitors' cars. It is likely that you will go through the entire place in about 1 1/2 hours. Thankfully, the gorgeous Ponce de Leon Inlet Ligthouse is right next door, and I would suggest hitting both of them on the same day for an enjoyable and comprehensive day trip.
This place is ok for a quick time filler for kids. Its pretty small . I've been here twice. Unfortunately for us on this trip we came on a summer camp day. You would think they'd have the kids move to each station instead of hogging the one main attraction which is the touch tank. Prices are pretty good for what you experience.
Great things come in small packages The Marine Science Center in Volusia County is very small, and is no bigger than a small apartment clubhouse. However, this small facility is packed with tons of cool ocean wildlife and hands-on exhibits. The Good: So much to see!: from seahorses to alligators and sharks (in their juvinile form) this science center is sure to please kids and their parent with their wide array of marine life. Save the Turtles!: The Marine Science center has a separate unit that is just focused on saving turtles. You can see the wounded and rehabilitated turtles from behind glass. Cheap: It's $5 for adults, $2 for kids, and is good for at least a few hours of entertainment for families. And hey, it's cheaper (and cooler!) than the movies! The Bad: N/A
As far as value is concerned one of the best attractions for the money I have ever visited. Very educational, and the staff ( many of which are volunteers) are very interactive with people visiting! Highly reccomend going if you need to kill an hour!
Not a lot to see here. A couple of fish tanks with some lethargic fish.  Really you could see as much if not more at a local saltwater fish store. The best part was the turtle hospital.  But a great way to cool off indoors away from the searing heat of the sun.
This place is a must do if you have children. We enjoyed everything, especially the nature trail.
Good things do indeed come in small packages. This is a great place to take your kids or to just escape the summer heat. The people here are really hardworking--it's a nonprofit organization, so even if it seems "lame" to pay to get in, you are really supporting their bird and turtle hospital with your $. You could always just make a donation or stop by their amazing gift shop. My mom and I always find great things in here like tote bags for the beach, jewelry, and even a gigantic stuffed alligator, lol. Everyone who works here is really friendly too. We always try to stop by at least once when we're down in Ponce.
VERY SMALL place but cute. you can touch the sting rays which were surprisingly slimey and they have a large turtle tank. outside you can see the rehab tanks for the rescued sea turtles. you can see the entire place in less than 10 minutes.
Although this is a small building it packs a lot into the space that they have.  It was worth visiting for me to see the Sea Turtle recovery room where they nurse injured marine life back to health.  Definitely check this place out!
super small, only took like ten minutes to look at the entire place. cute though. staff was friendly.
