This yelp page is swimming with positive yelp reviews so I'm not really adding much. I just couldn't help but say this place was amazing, I'm not sure what took me so long to show up. Awesome, fancy service, sexy atmosphere, quick food that was extremely extremely fresh, flavorful and decadent. Also, the appetizer size is perfect if you want a great portion of pasta for dinner. Hey Cafe Capriccio, you can take my money anytime. :)
I would give this 4 1/2 stars if I could. We went with a Living Social coupon which was nice to offset the cost. This is a small intimate restaurant but they did have one large party while we were there so can accommodate larger parties. First of all, I want to compliment all the staff, the hostess, waitress and waitstaff were attentative, friendly and very helpful. The only downside I noted was one of the wait staff was tasting a drink of a customers at the bar which is totally unprofessional but in her defense it looked like there was a debate about how sweet the drink was. We ordered the wood fired shrimp appetizer. It was delicious and the shrimp was probably the best I have ever tasted so incredibly tender and perfectly cooked. I had the special of asparagus and smoked mozzarella ravioli that was plentiful and very tasty. My husband had the chicken breast which was moist and also totally delicious. There is outdoor seating on a covered patio but we sat inside as it was a rainy  damp day. Wonderful meal, super good staff. Parking is a bear in Saratoga so be prepared.
Great atmosphere.  The service is excellent, and the food is amazing! It's a good location... near Times-Union Center, and walking distance to the Egg.  There is a parking lot next to the restaurant, with a charge of $5 for the evening.
Cafe Capriccio is wonderful. You step into a very cozy, old-fashioned Italian restaurant atmosphere. We were greeted immediately with fine service, which continued throughout our dinner. The food was excellent and ample - we had various pasta dishes plus the arugula, tomato and house-cured mozzarella salad. We also chose a terrific Sangiovese wine that was delicious on its own but also complemented the meal well. This was really one of the best Italian dining experiences I've had in a long time anywhere. Thanks, Cafe Capriccio!
Fantastic! The Chef's Table is absolutely incredible! Have you ever wanted to eat authentic, fresh Italian food but, cannot afford the time or money to get to Italy? Answer: Gather together eight to ten of your friends, reserve the Chef's Table and prepare to be amazed with the entire experience.
I am excited to return to Cafe Capriccio, which should be soon...tomorrow. I give 4 and not 5 stars because my steak was slightly tough, though everything else was stupendous. Our waitress was talkative and funny, our seating was cozy, romantic and intimate. The restaurant wholly, is very cozy and cute. The caprese was fresh and flawless. My boyfriend's homemade ravioli was also...flawless.
Amazing Place. I have visited here for 3 to 4 times and every time i had a great cup of coffee. The coffee and the atmosphere here is really very nice.
We were visiting Albany this past weekend and it was the beginning of restaurant week. What a great way to try a new place at a very reasonable price! Lots of choices! We finally decided on chilled mussels and fresh mozzarella salad, very good for appetizers. We loved the braised beef and fresh pasta with sausage ragu for entrees and dessert was tiramisu and fresh berry pie...all for $20.13 per person. We left very fat & happy! Can't wait to go back!
I'd give this place 0 stars if I could. Dingy basement setting, old bar and rooms that smell musty with wood paneling (just like my grandparents basement!). I feel bad giving this review since our friends raved about it and took us here as we are out of towners but,boy, Albany must be lacking in good Italian places if this place is getting a good review. Came in with no reservations, tables were open yet we had to wait at the bar until a table was ready (ok). I ordered the small salad and the tagliatelle with tomato sauce; simple dishes always tell the truth about a restaurant. Bread came out and that was good; olive oil at the table was pretty good quality. The salad had tomatoes that actually taste like tomatoe but the lettuce had some leaves that were wilting and tasted like it. Next comes my pasta; the waiter touted it, saying the tagliatelle were made in house so I was amped. Huge letdown. The pasta itself tasted like stale, uncooked pasta and it didn't have the taste traditional tagliatelle have, which is a more egg taste due to the egg in the dough. It was also not cooked in water that had salt added to it and tasted bland. Thought the sauce could be salvaged and eaten with bread but it was literally cut up canned tomatoes in some olive oil with minced garlic you get in a jar added to the top of it. As an Italian who makes her own pasta, has family in Italy and knows how to make these dishes it was so disappointing. If this is what people think Italian food is I feel really bad for you, and for Italy, which is not being represented here.
This intimate little gem is an institution in this capital city. It's hidden, and not in the best of neighborhoods. But no matter. Its well worth seeking out. Should you & your significant other be seeking an intimate, cozy, romantic, relaxing spot in-which to coo & cuddle sharing some Pino & pasta than seek no more. Low lighting, candles, flowers, high booths, opera, Italian food advertisements adorn the walls. The service is professional, un rushed but attentive. A limited yet authentic menu. Highly recommend any in house homemade pasta, the eggplant dish is delicate, not overly sauced- perfect. They also serve their own boule of fresh bread which was also excellent. I enjoyed my 1/2 portion of tagliatelle in the garlic cream sauce w baby spinach & toasted walnuts. A creamy but not overly unctuous dish and the 1/2 portion was more than ample. Highly recommended.
I honestly have to tell you in 50 years of life this is 1 of the 15 best Italian (fine dining) meals I've ever had. Besides the food, the service, the restaurant cleanliness, and just the environment were impeccable. My wife and I shared the Insalata Caprese as an appetizer, and Duck Confit Risotto, Carbonara, and Puttanesca Napolitana (both Carbonara and Puttanesca came with hand made tagliatelle) as main's. We loved that they offered full and half orders of the main's which allowed us to share and to try different items on the menu. If you are in Albany, NY and are looking for a GREAT (no, beyond great) fine dining Italian meal, please go and try Café Capriccio, you will not be disappointed, and you will be very welcomed by a wonderful staff. Enjoy
Went here for Albany restaurant week this spring and had an overall pleasant experience. Highlights included the selection of ports and the tiramisu. Tuna entree was small, but well seasoned. Hearty vegetables, but they were not that interesting. Definitely have to go back for traditional Italian fare and see what they can do off the regular menu.. And with more garlic.
Visited during Restaurant Week - so menu was limited - but - assuming the idea behind RW is to put out a snapshot representation of yourself... I wasn't overly impressed with the food of Cafe Capriccio... which has to be THE point, for any Italian restaurant, IMO. Location is terrible, but the interior atmosphere is very cool.  Has a "we're so authentic that we here long before the neighborhood deteriorated - and we haven't changed a thing" vibe.  Like stepping back in time. The service was fine, and the food was good.  But just good. Rapini and beans were the highlight. Eggplant was overly mushy. Sauce was bland. Pork was dry. Curious to try it again... the allure of the atmosphere is that good... but it will be a while.  Albany area has too many other Italian restaurants to enjoy instead.
The menu is a little different  and much more limited than your typical Italian restaurant. But the service and food make up for it. We split a tossed salad and and the Clams Casino for an appetizer. The dressing was good but the salad had too many tomatoes for my liking. I got the Pescatora for my entree. This was a really good dish. Nice jumbo shrimp, clams, and calamari in a spicy tomato sauce over fresh tagliatelle. This is my ideal seafood dish. Most places cheap out and use mussels which aren't as tasty.
I don't have time to write much but my spouse and I ate here a few weeks ago. It was good but not epic so I think (based on my dining experiences) Its a 3 star. Food was good and service above average. It might be Albany epic since the bar in this town is kinda low. But compared to NYC, Paris, San Fran, Chicago or any other major metro area its just A-OK. Thanks
Top quality food and staff. the food strays far from the typical Italian classics you find on most menus. The portion size is fantastic and the ingredients can sometimes be points of conversation and conjecture until the wonderful server tells you it's a tomato of a variety you are not familiar and your mind is blown. This is a south end must try for Albany.
Three satisfied Italians. That's who left this delightful little restaurant in the heart of old town downtown this evening, happy as can be with a leisurely meal and attentive service that surpassed high expectations. I took my mom and dad, two of the best cooks I know, out for dinner to a place in Albany they had never visited-no small task, as they have lived here for a combined total of 155 years.  Thanks to a few Albany Yelp recommendations, I settled on this spot, and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere is low key and old style, with soft carpeting, knotty pine walls, old posters and opera music playing--even as the small dining room filled up, it never got noisy.  The aromas wafting from the small kitchen were absolutely mouth-watering. Servers were well-informed, attentive and unafraid to make recommendations.  The wine steward suggested a tasty Piedmontese Barbera that complemented everything we ate. Our meals included a seafood risotto and fresh artichoke,  ricotta, & red pepper ravioli, lamb shanks, loin pork chops and veal chops.  All were served well-timed, piping hot and full of flavor.  Each item was well-sauced, bursting with flavor and hot from first bite to last. Desserts included a Torta Caprese, a flourless almond chocolate cake, served with a light gelato, and also a Tiramisu flavored gelato, both excellent. A perfect espresso and a good cup of coffee topped off an excellent night out.  Dinner was not inexpensive, but worth every cent.  Perfect for a special night out, a romantic dinner, or simply to celebrate life, as we did this evening. Cafe Capriccio would be at home in Little Italy, or even in Italy itself.  It won my Italian dad's hearty seal of approval, and big thumbs up from half-Italian mom and I.
This is my go to restaurant when having dinner in Albany. The atmosphere is cozy and they are always eager to serve. The food rivals many of the best Italian restaurants in Brooklyn and Manhattan and I am a repeat visitor several times a year. They have an excellent selection of appetizers and can accommodate special orders and changes when requested. The wait staff is friendly and they have  a full wine list. I have brought many parties of 16-24 over the years and everyone is delighted It is slightly off the beaten track but all cabby's and hotel shuttles know the place. This is one of the few bright spots in the Albany culinary scene.
I guess I have a thing for Italian eateries located in basements. There is something unavoidably charming about the setting and add some Frank Sinatra to the mix and I'm a happy camper. A lady friend and I went here during Restaurant Week. We had a 6pm reservation and were promptly seated at a comfortable booth and ordered a bottle of merlot to quench our manly post-work day thirsts. I don't recall our waiter's name, but he was lovely; attentive but not over-bearing. We each got salads to start which were good, but unremarkable. I got the tuna (med-rare) with olive tapenade and she got some pasta-eggplant-ricotta dish. My tuna was delicious and the tapenade was tasty; it also came with a few pieces of roasted potato and green beans. The green beans were a little oily, but I enjoyed them. Its a strange thing, I hate olives in their whole form; I will only eat them if they are smashed into a tapenade or sliced but don't even thing about bringing those ugly green ones near me. My lady friend said that her pasta was delicious. We both had tiramisu for dessert, and it happens to be my absolute favorite dessert. They certainly know what they are doing when it comes to making tiramisu as it was one of the better ones I've had in the Capital District. After we had been there for about 2 hours leisurely enjoying our meal, our waiter did politely ask if he could get us another glass of wine at the bar (read: ladies we need the table for the next reservation). He was polite about it and neither of us had a problem hopping right out of the booth and right over to the bar for another glass of wine. While at the bar some politicos stared at us and ogled our girly parts, but what do you expect from that type. All in all Cafe Capriccio proved that it is possible to provide good service and good food during Restaurant Week. I felt like I had a meal that was worth way more than the $20.11 that I paid for it. I WILL be going back again to try their regular menu.
Cafe Capriccio is not you neighborhood red sauce joint. No disrespect to neighborhood red sauce joints, but the cooking at Capriccio is so much more sophisticated, its depth and breadth of flavor inspired by chef/owner Jim Rua's jaunts through Italy. There is am earthy and rustic tone to the food which leaves you feeling that you've just had something authentically Italian ---not the same old-same old stuff that you get everywhere else. And here's something I love: it's a nice restaurant that's not stuffy and faux fancy (hello, Marche? Are you listening?). I've had the good fortune to eat in the private room upstairs several times, both at the theme nights they used to host and once at a private party. Let  me tell you, there is no more spectacular experience than having Mr. Rua and his staff cook for you. It's more like being guests in their home than dining out.
You don't expect to find a world class restaurant in the heart of Albany, but here it is. Great food and service from start to finish, with outstanding homemade pasta and dishes with the freshest ingredients. I don't get to Albany often, but this will be my go-to place when I do.
This is not Capriccio in Saratoga!  Nothing had a spark.  The Nero(wine) was dull and middle of the road.  The Roast lamb was tough, too much and stewed in a way too highly vinegared wine sauce.  I frankly thought it terrible.  My friends roast eggplant dish was better, but not "very good to excellent".  The Saratoga version is a bright flame while this one's flame is burned down. Wish it had been otherwise.  It just doesn't make it for me and my $110/2.
I recommend a small plate of the pasta primavera and the cheesecake for dessert. We also got the ravioli, but it failed to impress.     The service was pretty good considering the fact that we were the only 20 something year olds there on a Saturday evening. The restaurant itself is beautiful and is definitely a hidden gem in Albany. Also, don't despair - there are plenty of affordable dishes.
Satisfying Italian with an interesting regional Tuscan menu that goes beyond the usual fair. All the dishes I tried were fresh and well cooked. Service was good. The place is a bit on the pricey side ( pasta dishes for ~$18) but at least the portions are quite large. The place has a nice family home atmosphere. The best dish I tried was probably the squid ink pasta. It had a very fresh seafood taste with a bit of spiciness and the pasta was well cooked. Another interesting dish was the sausage risotto. It was very flavorful and had a lot of capers. The overall flavor reminded me of the lemon caper sauce used in veal piccata.  I recommend sharing this dish, as the portion was very large and it could get a bit boring if it is the only thing you order. The homemade eggplant ravioli were alright, but I was more of a fan of the sauce than the stuffing, which was not too flavorful and was overwhelmed by the sauce. I am a huge fan of beet salads, but the one I tried here was just OK. I felt it needed more goat cheese to make it more interesting. The antipasto plate was also just OK. I had a satisfying meal at Capriccio and would not mind returning if I ever find myself in Albany again. I recommend focusing on the main dishes over the appetizers, and sharing them as they are large portions and so that you can try more of their interesting options.
Once again, I say Hooray for Restaurant Week!  I love the opportunity to try new places at a discounted price and it was my reason for visiting Cafe Capriccio for the first time. My group was a difficult group to feed, especially with a price fixe menu - we have a vegetarian, a vegan and a gluten-free person.  Nothing on the menu was appropriate for a vegan, so I asked if they could accommodate us when I called to make the reservation.  Charity, who answered the phone (and waited on us when we got there) talked to the kitchen and was able to make arrangements for us.   At first we were concerned that our vegan might not get a dessert, but after our waitress asked the pastry chef, we were presented with a dish of warmed fruit. Our meals were excellent.  We each had one course that didn't thrill us - for me it was the tiramisu, which was the least tasty tiramisu I've had to date.  That said, I was so full from my appetizer and entree, that I wasn't disappointed to not finish dessert. Above and beyond the food itself, I am blown away by the accommodation they made for us.  They created a three-course meal off of the price fixe menu for our vegan friend.  They used what they had on hand in a unique and flavorful way and the staff was well-versed in what was gluten-free.  I could not be more impressed with the service and treatment we received. I will definitely be back.
I had the best meal here that I've had all year!  I went with a party of 6 and got to sample many dishes off the menu as well as many of the appetizers... oh and the dessert and cappucinos... oh my god... everything was awesome!! I ordered the Tagliata di Manzo and I highly reccomend it!  Cooked exactly how I like it! I've never been waited on like I was at Cafe Capriccio, either!  Amazing!   The atmosphere is very intimate, dimly lit.   It might be my new Italian favorite in the Capital District!!
I'd call this a 4.5 star review. I was embarrassed to say I'd never eaten at Cafe Capriccio, and so, finally, last week I made a reservation.  This was on a Thursday night, and the place was not at all crowded.  I think we could have walked in without a reservation. The place is on the garden level of an old brownstone, so it has a quaint feel.  I agree that the decor might be updated--it's mostly vintage-style liquor advertisements in Italian.  It doesn't have the feel of a college girl's dorm room, but there you are. We had several dishes, all really very good.  The appetizers included the special ravioli (tomato, ricotta, fennel in red sauce), squid neri (SO GOOD...except that one's teeth become black), and antipasti.   For entree, I had the duck risotto with pears and cherries.  I thought there was much too much risotto for one--I would have appreciated a half-portion for this plate.  In any case, the flavors were wonderful.  The sweetness of the pear and tartness of the cherries married well with the duck. My one more-serious complaint was that the bartender wanted some clarification when I asked for an Old Fashioned.  I do know that the drink can be made many different ways--but isn't it customary to have a house recipe? I will most certainly return here.
The restaurant could definitely use some updated decor. The wood paneling and the menu do not compliment each other. The prices make sense once you're eating, but when you're making your decision in a wood paneled basement they might seem a little high. The menu changes slightly based on the season, and can be found online. My favorite dish is the Risotto w/ Roasted Duck. A nice thing about the menu is that many of the dishes can be ordered in an appetizer portion. For a weekend visit to Cafe Capriccio, I would recommend a reservation. On a recent Friday evening visit we arrived around 6pm and almost didn't get seated. The restaurant really filled up as we were eating.
Absolutely adorable! Finally authentic Italian with a whole lot of charm. Excellent service.
The service and staff are excellent went for Father's Day and they comped my dad's meal. The food was also very well prepared and excellently seasoned. While not the best Italian Resturant I have ever been to but it is certainly up there. The desserts were fantastic!
Amazing and tasty food, great service, wonderful ambiance.
Decided to go out with a friend for food, wine and a gab fest, so I picked Cafe Cappricio.  Man, was I pleased with my pick.   From the moment we walked in until we walked out the door we were treated as honored guests. The wait staff is wonderful, attentive without being intrusive, and our water glasses never were less than half full. Now onto the food - The only slight disappointment of the night, and it was slight, was the antipasto - while it was true to the menu, it really was just meat and cheese. I personally would like some other stuff (red peppers, olives, artichokes). I'm not a fan of the messes some restaurants serve but I probably would have ordered something else. We had the Pizza Margharita and the Risotto with duck breast. Both of them were outstanding. While the restaurant was full of business men who were dropping a ton of money, our check was pretty low. The staff had no idea that we were over the top tippers, but they never behaved as if we were less valuable customers. The evening was wonderful and proved that Cafe Capriccio was an incredibly run restaurant.
I have been to this location once so far and had one of their seasonal risottos - it was delicious! It was such a great combination of flavors. It was their duck leg risotto with strawberries, balsamic vinegar and I cannot remember exactly which kind of cheese but it was a cheese on the sweeter side - not very sharp. It all went together perfectly. The risotto was cooked perfectly - it was so creamy, and the flavors gave it this perfect balance between sweet and tart and sweet again. Wonderful dish! Service was excellent!
Still one of my favorite Italian places in the area.  The ambiance is great for a date or small gathering.  The food is still delicious.  My favorite dish is the calamari neri- squid ink pasta- the way the ocean should taste, deep, complex flavors, wonderful home made pasta.  Perfect. I had to try their pizza once I heard they started making it.  It's very good, definitely the best neapolitan pizza in the area.
I love love love love love looooooove this place.  Did I mention that I love this place?! I've been an on again-off again customer since the mid '90.  This place holds a spot near and dear in my heart.  From first dates to girl's fancy dinners to holiday get togethers...and everything in between. The atmosphere has remained the same-warm and cozy.  The service has had it's ups and downs but in general it's usually on the upside with attentive and knowledgeable staff. On my most recent visit, the server who packet up my leftover seafood dish actually removed the clams and mussels from their shells as well as the tails from the shrimp  before packing it up!  That is above and beyond any service I've had anywhere with regards to handling my leftovers! The prices can be up there for the Albany area but the quality and taste is always reflected in the prices. However...My decrease in salary hasn't been able to keep up with their increase in prices.  It's not a Capriccio thing, it's a Me thing! I'm not knocking their prices.  EVERYthing is more expensive these days even for restaurant owners.  And looking at what I paid back then vs now, their menu prices are not drastic at all.  Rather, a reflection of the economy. Sadly, I haven't been able to dine there as often as I want. On the upside, I still go there but I usually sit at the bar and order the 2 tried and true amazing dishes that have stood the test of time and are staples on the menu. The Greens & Beans Passannate,, which is a rich and delicious stew like dish of white beans, escarole, chicken stock, lots of garlic, maybe some wine and some sort of pork product.  I'm thinking maybe pancetta or bacon. This stuff is amazing.  Top it with a shaving of sharp cheese and it's almost a meal in and of itself.  It's on the appetizer menu.  The next dish is also on the appetizer list.  it's the Eggplant with Four Cheeses.  This dish is perfection.  it's the most perfectly cooked, very large, piece of breaded eggplant in a rich house made marinara sauce topped with four different cheeses.  It's amazing.  I do the bar thing when I only order appetizers so I don't take up a spot where someone wants to experience a full meal.  I'm kind like that :-) When I want to splurge, I skip the eggplant ( because I ALWAYS get the Greens & Beans)' and order the small portion of the Pescatore which is a super delicious dish of fresh seafood in a spicy, savory brothy red sauce over pasta.If I wasn't hell-bent to order the Greens & Beans Passannate, I'd order the regulate dinner portion because it is so amazing.  The seafood used in this dish is always super fresh, perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced and almost every time I order it I'm amazed that the Size , variety and freshness of the seafood in the small portion. When I'm feeling generous with myself and want a full-on splurge and feel worthy of sitting in the dining room, the veal shank or Florentine Delmonico Steak are the way to go.  And as always, I MUST get the Greens & Beans Passannate. Whatever you get, whatever your budget...get the Greens & Beans Passannate! Oh, and I just realized they have a published recipe for the Greens & Beans Passannate.  All I can say is that they are holding back on something in that recipe because I made it and it's ok but not the real deal.  I don't blame them for not wanting to give up the golden key to one of their most simple yet treasured recipes! An advanced warning- it is street-parking only.  And most of the street is a ticket/ tow-away zone.  Plan accordingly and give yourself some time to find parking on a nearby street...
I think this is probably the best Italian food in Albany. I liked it much better than Grappa 72. Service was excellent. There was always someone waiting to refill our water or clear plates or set for the next course, but nobody hovered over our table. They have good variety in the wine list. We had a $32 bottle of pinot noir but there were a few other bottles of red that looked good for under $40. Maybe Malbec next time! The caprese salad was very good. Huge pieces of fresh mozzarella were perfectly seasoned. I liked their use of grape tomatoes rather than the usual big slices. LOVED my carbonara pasta. They have a wide variety of pastas that can be ordered in app or entree sizes and I was very happy to have the app option after that giant salad. The pasta was exactly right - delicious pancetta, perfectly seasoned, and not too much oil or grease or cream. Can't wait to go back and try something different!
"Restaurant Week Woes" by Josh K. One of my (former) favorite restaurants in the Capital Region is Cafe Capriccio.  I am sad to say that after tonight's very lackluster meal, I have to deduct a star. We came to Cafe Capriccio during Restaurant Week much to my chagrin. I hate Restaurant Week.  The food served is always below average, akin to that substandard generic meals that are mass produced, and reheated given at those mediocre weddings we have all been too.  The service is normally rude and pushy, treating every customer like they are penny pinchers.  But my wife and friends insisted, and 20.99 for Cafe Capriccio is a pretty good deal.   It's Capriccio, so how bad could it really be?  So off we went. Even though my expectations were low (it is Restaurant Week after all) and I knew I wouldn't get the same amazing experience that I normally have at Capriccio, I still couldn't imagine that such a regularly stellar restaurant would offer such an abysmal dining experience. The only thing good I could say about my meal was the crusty bread (which if I remember correctly was served warm last time). I ordered the Pork Romano(simply roast pork in brown gravy) with the chilled mussels to start, and a cup of gelatto with "fresh berries" for dessert. My three mussels were hardly chilled, chewy and tough, my pork (although sliced thin) was fatty sitting in bland, lukewarm gravy, and my miniscule cup of vanilla gelatto consisted of 1 half of a "fresh" strawberry. Yes, not even a full berry. The "fresh made" pasta with eggplant that my companions ordered was tasty enough (albeit a very small portion) contained only the slightest shreds of eggplant.  The Strawberry Rhubarb pie of the day was the size of my pinky finger - literally. Another companion, who ordered the Tuna with an olive tapenade, said the dish was overcooked, and unremarkable.  At least he chose the correct dessert of the night- Tiramisu, which was the size of our other three desserts combined. The food was cooked, served, and presented with such lazy, apathetic indifference that I can't imagine that it was the same upscale Italian restaurant I had previously visited and enjoyed with much gusto. When it was time to settle the bill (card and cash), the waiter (well actually our host/ water boy) made us do the calculations there at the table with him watching us count the cash and figure out the tip.  A very awkward moment.   All he had to do was swipe the credit card and take the remainder of the cash.  Never had that problem before.  Do they hire untrained, inept staff for this week in addition to serving substandard food?  Or did he think that by standing over us he was likely to get  bigger tip?  Either way it was weird and unprofessional. You can argue that we should expect this, and that we were getting a good deal (as the restaurant menu arrogantly claims that we were getting a minimum of a 35 dollar meal).  But I never except mediocrity when you are still spending a good deal of dough.  And besides if we ordered this off the regular menu, there is no way they would have served such tasteless and tiny portions. Cafe Capriccio should be embarrassed.  Respect your customers whether they have a lot of money or not.  If this is the way to introduce a long established and beloved restaurant to new clientele, then I don't see how they will ever get new patrons and keep the old ones. I for one, will probably not be coming back to Cafe Capriccio anytime soon. And I am swearing off Restaurant Week for good this time.
Expensive dinner for an off-putting experience. We called in around 7:30pm for a Friday evening 8:30pm reservation. A little late, but they were gracious on the phone and said they could easily accommodate a table for two. When we arrived they had no record of the reservation even though I'd spoken to one of the two men looking for it less than an hour earlier. When they decided they could seat it us they made it feel like they were doing us a favor rather than making up for the mistake. They sat us in a cute back room, but right beside a large and very loud dinner party. What was supposed to be a romantic dinner turned into quiet discussion, because we couldn't hear each other over the party and anything we said would travel to them. I don't hold this against the restaurant, but it certainly set the tone. As soon as I sat down I could feel that the evening wasn't going to be what we'd expected. We already had some drinks before arriving, so just ordered tap water and a soda to start. This is when the waiter's attitude became dismissive. We put in the Insalata Caprese appetizer since other Yelpers mentioned the homemade mozzarella and homegrown heirloom tomatoes. It was delicious and we were really happy with it. We also ordered a couple glasses of chianti with the appetizer and finally our waiter perked up. Apparently good service is tied to your drink order. For dinner we had the mixed grill which had a lamb chop, lamb sausage and pork ribs and then the delmonico steak. I asked if instead of the potatoes they could substitute risotto and the kitchen obliged, which made me really happy. Unfortunately, the entrees didn't. The pepper and green bean garnish was the best part of the meal with very fresh ingredients. The lamb chop and steak weren't very good cuts of meat with lots of fat and no seasoning with the exception of a heavy handed lemon sauce on the steak. The steak had some great grill marks, but the entire time it tasted like grill and not in a nice smokey way, it tasted like the grill hadn't been cleaned or seasoned in a year. Every bite brought charred grill with it and ruined the taste of the meat. The risotto was a basic chicken stock, lemon and herb with some onion. Hearty and I'm glad I ordered it so I could cleanse the steak flavor after each bite. For dessert I ordered a cappuccino and we split a tiramisu. Both were very well made and flavorful and we were happy we ended on a high-note. The loud dinner party had also left by then and we were alone in the room except for the wait staff. While we were enjoying our dessert someone walked out of the kitchen and plopped a pan on the table saying, "I guess we're having burnt lasagna for the staff meeting." This was on the dinner party's table, which was never cleaned after their meal and was still right next to us. For the rest of the night staff walked over to the lasagna with plates, piled some out for themselves and stood in the corner of the room talking and eating. At one point someone walked over and used his hands to pick something out of the lasagna and ate it in front of us. So much for a romantic evening! The only good thing about it was the smell. Apparently pasta is the way to go, not meat. Another odd experience was that throughout the meal we had two waiters asking us the same questions. This happened at least three times when someone asked us what we'd like for drinks or dessert and then another would come by and ask the same. I assume they gave up on the tag teaming at the end of the meal, because we had to ask someone to please take our credit card so we could leave after waiting and watching eat and talk in the corner for awhile. The worst offense to me was that the waiter asked if I'd like to have my steak wrapped up. I said yes. I didn't appreciate the flavor, but it was a $35 entree and I knew I could cut the steak up, scrape off the char and make something decent for breakfast. She took the steak away and we ordered our dessert. We got lost in conversation over the dessert and then waited a long time for the check. It wasn't until we were getting up to leave that I realized I never received my wrapped steak! At this point it would have been odd to ask for it. Where was it? I wouldn't trust it if it came out so late into the meal. I was really, really confused. They just trashed or missplaced $17.50 worth of meat that I'd paid for and specifically asked to wrap up. I wasn't upset with the evening, just really confused. This didn't feel like the same place everyone had raved about. I've lived in Italy and I love Italian food and the warm, family environment of a kitchen. This wasn't that kind of kitchen. It wasn't warm, it was unprofessional, rude and forgetful. I hope it was just an off night, but I really don't want to bet on that with another expensive and time consuming meal. If I want refined Italian, I think I'll stick to Lo Porto in Troy. I can handle poor service as long as the food is outstanding.
Not sure what all the fuss is about.  I didn't find the cuisine to be all that spectacular...service was average and the gravy was mediocre at best.  I have a problem with Italian joints that don't compare to my grandmothers kitchen.  From all the talk I thought I was getting Chef Mario Batali....instead I got Chef Boyaredee
In response to my initial review, I humbly apologize, for the confusion on our restaurant tour of Albany.  This review was meant for another restaurant, to which, I have to retract this review.  I apologize for the terrible mistake.  Nevertheless, it is an honest review (and an honest mistake).  The initial review will be posted to the appropriate restaurant.   Please accept my apologies.
I had dinner here with a few coworkers about a week ago. I have to admit, I had passed the restaurant a few times since living in Albany as the sign on the front completely scared me away. From the sign outside it almost looks like an adult film store! As they say, however, never judge a book by its cover! Inside was slightly outdated, but cozy none-the-less. It has a very old-Italian feel. It's a very low-light and low-volume place, perfect for a romantic date. The wine list had a pretty good variety and not completely overpriced. The bread was cooked fresh and served warm. For my entree I had the squid pasta, which I highly recommend. The pasta was clearly made-to-order, not at all a common feature in Albany.  The pasta was topped with the parts of baby squid and squid ink. The dish was unique and very tasty. The only complaint I have was that the squid ink stayed on my teeth (not a fault of the chef, but a good warning for anyone who orders it)! If I had more room after the pasta and bread I would have definitely ordered dessert. The wait staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. To that note, I have to give props to our waiter who had to deal with the very difficult couple next to our table. The couple in the table next to ours was your stereotypical difficult couple: asking to make their table even darker by turning off one of the lamps, asking for entrees completely not on the menu, complaining the wine list didn't include a random red wine from Washington State, etc. The waiter, however, miraculously took it with stride and accommodated them the best to their ability and never had a bad attitude.   Overall, definitely recommend this restaurant - especially if you're sick of those "regular" Albany restaurants that leave you broke and hungry!
this place is wonderful. a much more elegant italian restaurant than any other in the area. they have an extensive wine list that never fails to please and their menu items are amazing along with the stellar specials.  the service is usually very good and their drinks are very well made. (i mention drinks and service because last time we went our server took our app order and one drink order. and turned to leave. i said um, i think other people wanted a drink. so he took one more and turned. i kid you not. he did that for all 4 people at the table. maybe we looked like non-drinkers? snort. i think he was just having an off evening truthfully.) it is one of albany's more pricey places but very much well worth it. perhaps the price comes from the many bottles of wine that usually get consumed here however. the lighting is low and the music soothing. it is a perfect place for a special dinner with friends or a romantic night out. definitely make reservations however, there is quite often a long wait as it is not only a fantastic place to dine but it is also very close to The Times Union Center (i still say 'the knickerbocker, um. i mean the Pepsi..') and fills up quickly.
Very good food.  Excellent service.  Charming atmosphere.  Would strongly recommend this restaurant.
If you're looking for an authentic Italian meal - and not one just slathered in greasy tomato sauce - come to this gem in downtown Albany. The food is flavorful and fresh, the wait staff is accomodating and sincere, and the atmosphere just works. One of my most favorite restaurants in the Capital Region.
I've eaten here many, many times over the years, and it's still as good as ever.  This is one of those low-key, side-street, walk-down restaurants that may not look like much on the outside, and isn't exactly elegant in its decor, but consistently offers some of the best meals you'll ever have...  I can't recommend Cafe Capriccio highly enough!
It's been a while since I've been back but I've been coming here for years. Nothing has changed. Perfect service, perfect execution. This restaurant could thrive anywhere and they do it on Grand St down the street from sketchyville.
Restaurant week 2012 . i had  the Braised Beef Piemontese the beef was fork tender so delicious. My mother had the Porchetta Alla Romana very thinly shaved pork also delicious . i had the  pinot noir  she  had a  bombay martini . .We both had the strawberry rhubarb pie  excellent . overall we were very happy with our meal . Waitstaff  was excellent very friendly .
Great ambiance, great service, and amazing food.
Swanky  exterior; old-school interior. My husband and I were pleasantly surprised to find this hidden gem - thanks to fellow yelpers - we had a lovely dinner last night. Our waitress, blonde, kind, knowledge about the menu, and graceful, provided impeccable service. Jay, who also assisted in describing the decadent desserts, wore fantastic Elvis Costello inspired glasses - nicely done. HIs service was also lovely. As for our meal, we started with a shrimp and olive salad. Although a bit pricey for the portion, the flavors were spot on. I had the tuna special with risotto - again, the flavor was fantastic - my fish, however, was slightly overcooked. My husband had a sausage pizza. It was a delicious and healthy portion. For a tasty treat, we split the rum raison bread pudding: one of the best  I have had yet. Overall, I would strongly recommend eating here. The service, food, and atmosphere made for a nice date-night. Thank you for a lovely night.
Convenient location to the Times Union Center and somehow decent reviews led my mother and I here before a concert.  The ambience is not appealing. You feel like you're eating someone's old basement. Our waiter was nice but didn't seem to pay attention to anything we said. We asked for the olives/artichokes/mushrooms appetizer and he brought us a side of olives. I asked for cream no sugar for my coffee and he brought sugar no cream.  My mom ordered coconut gelato and he brought vanilla. The pears with Gorgonzola dessert was awful. Pears were out of a can and the Gorgonzola was mixed with ricotta and had a horrible texture and the taste didn't work with the canned pears. We will not return.
best osso bucco i've had in a long time. i can honestly say i've never had a bad meal at Capriccio. the ravioli of the day is pretty killer and never disappoints. Capriccio is by far my favorite restaurant in Albany. once in a while you can catch a mafia table in there....
The continued good ratings for this place surprise me: we were in a dark, cramped corner (despite mostly-empty restaurant); food was unimaginative and rather bland, service was slow and anonymous or sloppy.  Only one visit, but will not return.
We came in for dinner before a show at the Times Union Center.  We got there early (found great parking by the Times Union Center, and walked to dinner.  It was a beautiful evening and we got the warmest welcome.  They were attentive, we had the four cheese eggplant for an appetizer that was completely delicious.  We had the Pork Loin Catalan Style which was  amazing, perfectly cooked, with a delicious glaze, the potatoes were perfect!  We also had the Pescatora which was also amazing, homemade noodles, homemade wood fired bread, everything was cooked perfectly.  We took desert to go, but we haven't eaten it yet, it's an orange ricotta cheesecake.  Yummmm.  We are going again sometime soon.
Cafe Capriccio provides excellent fine-dining service and quality, classic dishes.  They also have a great wine list and it's well-worth the splurge for a good bottle to go with your meal. The service is really great, but a little different than what you're probably used to.  Instead of having one server who does everything (takes orders, refills water, brings out food, etc.), there is a team of servers each with different jobs.  On my most recent night there, we first had our water glasses filled by a woman who was very on top of refilling them the whole night.  Then, the specials were described to us in mouth-watering detail by a man who was very professional and knowledgeable about the menu (I assume this person is the head-waiter, or something to that effect).  Our orders were taken by a different man (waiter) who also poured our wine and brought out our appetizer.  Our entrees were brought out by a different woman (food-runner, I assume).  During the course of the meal, both the waiter and head-waiter checked in on us. Our appetizer - the ravioli special - was probably the best dish we had.  The pasta was delicate (definitely homemade), and the creamy-tomato basil sauce was flavorful and delicious.  We had wood-smoked pork and scallops for our entrees, which were both cooked perfectly.  The vegetables and potato left something to be desired, but the saffron risotto (side dish) was really good.   Be sure to call and make a reservation because they can get busy on weekends.  Also, be prepared to spend a bit more than usual.  Entrees run from $25 - $35; appetizers around $10.  I haven't tried their wood-fired pizza yet, but they were around $10 each.
We ate a late-night dinner here, and it was very special. The service was excellent, the food and wine delicious. The atmosphere is like stepping into one of the little old places in Boston's North End or NYC's Little Italy. Very cozy and smells terrific. It wasn't cheap--but we knew this going in, so it was fine. We spent about $100 for the two of us, each having one glass of wine, shared appetizer, each had own entree and shared dessert. We are vegetarians, and we asked whether the tomato sauces had a meat base. The answer was yes, they did--but one of the specials of the day was squash ravioli with tomato creme sauce, with no meat base. It was so good! We left with smiles on our faces.
I was in Albany for a conference and searched for Italian restaurants.  I visited Café Capriccio because it had all favorable reviews.  I'm glad I trusted the reviews because I wasn't disappointed with my meal.  There were many authentic Italian dishes to choose from and everything was delicious and fresh.  The atmosphere was comfortable and not rushed.  The prices were not cheap, but I expected that for a good meal.  I recommend Capriccio to anyone in the Albany area looking for great Italian dishes.
excellent italian.  sit at the bar, and have the beans and greens.
Fantastic.  The best Italian food I've had since moving here, nine months ago.  I give it four and a half stars.  I only take a half star off because I can't stand cheesy old school Italian restaurant music.  Food is delic though!  I loved the homemade ravioli special. WOW!
Close, intimate atmosphere. Knotty-pine walls evoke the 60's. Quiet!!! (more restaurants should learn that sometimes a quiet atmosphere is more desirable than the usual racket!) Small rooms make for cozy setting. Large portions require care in pacing the meal. Pasta dishes can be had in rather large appetizer size. We had wild boar ragu and carbonara pasta. Although appetizer in size we both took some home. Also had the very good lamb stew. All food was well prepared and very tasty. Attentive waiter made the evening enjoyable. Bread was not authentic Italian; more like heavy-duty white bread.  Had a well-priced bottle of Italian wine that was also very good. All-in-all an enjoyable evening. Entire meal with wine for 2 was ~$100.
Loved this place! We went on our anniversary. Reminded me of a high-end osteria in Italy. We had some wonderful antipasti with artichokes, roasted peppers and calamari. And a homemade ravioli that they made a big show of bringing out. Oh yeah we added some phenomenal risotto dishes and topped it off with strawberry rhubarb pie with creamy gelato (ok not a lot of strawberry rhubarb pie in italy but this was a great touch on a warm summer night). Service was not great, but the food was so amazing that I had to give it the full 5 stars. Place is near a sketchy neighborhood so be advised where you park . . . We shall return!
Slightly disappointing for this price range. In summary, nothing terrible about the dishes we had at this restaurant, but nothing exciting. This would be a good place if your priority is cozy romantic ambiance over memorable food. First, we ordered what we considered bell weather Italian dishes for appetizers - Insalata Caprese and Calamari Neri. The former was elegantly presented and as good as one would expect from this simple salad dish. The squid ink pasta was by far the most disappointing as it was not as good as any of the other squid ink pastas we had in the past (and we had many). I thought the chef could have been more generous with the squid ink as the garlic flavor overpowered the otherwise pungent and distinctive flavors one would expect from squid ink pasta. The Risotto with Duck Leg, Brussels Sprouts, Artichoke, and Gorgonzola was good. The artichoke's flavor and texture added an interesting accent to this rich dish. It could have been better if it was half the portion as I struggled to finish it and felt exhausted in the end. The Pork Chop with Honey and Balsamic Glaze tasted like it has been infused with a mixture of exotic flavors that just didn't seem to meld well. What partially saved our unispiring dining experirnece was the peach pie we ordered as dessert. It was delicious and I'd probably go back just for this if I am allowed to be seated only for dessert and Cappucino. In any event, if Cafe Capriccio is considered one of the best eating expriences in Albany, the more the reason for me to seek fine dininng experience elsewhere.
After more-than-a-few recommendations, I led 9 other Texas Law graduates who just finished taking the New York bar to Cafe Capriccio.  We were worried that we might be unwelcome in a high-end restaurant since we were dressed for, shall we say, comfort.  But they happily accommodated all 10 of us, and put us at adjacent tables.  They tolerated the drunken loud-mouthedness of at least one member of our party, which was really more than I would've tolerated if I were them.  And they served us DELICIOUS food.  One of my tablemates thought that the eggplant appetizer was a little oversalted, but we all loved the caprese.  Homemade mozzarella; how could you not order it?  Capriccio also makes the tagliatelle fresh in-house, and it was cooked perfectly al dente.  I had it with a sauce of duck leg confit, tomatoes, mushrooms, and wine. Magnificent.  I wanted to try dessert, but no one else in my party was going for it, so I might have to try it next time I'm in Albany (though I can't imagine why I'd ever be there again, you never know . . .).
not bad, service was slow
After meaning to check this place out for years, I was finally able to dine here last week.  Our party of 6 had a fabulous time and such delicious food!  I love that you can get so many of the pasta dishes as appetizer sizes - I think next time I will settle for an appetizer size for my main course as there were just so many things on the menu that I wanted to try!  As a vegetarian, I had no problem finding many options for entrees, and interesting ones at that.  Just because I don't eat meat, it doesn't mean I just want pasta with marinara sauce and it was so nice to go to an Italian restaurant that understands that.  The wine menu was extensive, the decor comfortable and inviting, the waitstaff was some of the best I've had in ages and the pacing of the meal was excellent.  We were the last people to leave the restaurant, but never once did we feel rushed.   A fabulous dinning experience!
Fantastic authentic old school Italian food in a wonderfully warm setting. Can't wait to come back.
I had dinner last night at Cafe Capriccio and it was ok. The service was friendly but slow. the food was dull. I ordered the mixed grill. the lamb chop was cook well but was nothing special. the house made sausage was not very flavorful the pork rids disappointing.   The Polenta was horrible a greasy wedge of disgusting stuff. I also sampled the goat cheese ravioli (my girlfriends choice) again it was not bad but nothing special. the ravioli was under filled so the pasta was the only flavor present the sauce was weak and not very distinguished. We asked for a side of sauce to make the dish a little wetter but unfortunately this was not enough to save this one. With so many Great choices for Italian in the capital district we will not be back to Cafe Capriccio.
Great ambience with a pianist and vocalist. The price of dishes is on the high side, but I believe I got what I paid for.
This place wasn't anything super special. The service was mediocre and so was the food.
I would definitely recommend Cafe Capriccio!  we were a party of 13 and everything was wonderful.  Everyone enjoyed their food choices, wine and dessert!  My favorite dessert was the strawberry ruhbarb pie!!!  The specials were also delicious - the swordfish with the superb risotto was a big hit.  We were celebrating a college graduation and I was extremely happy about choosing Cafe Capriccio!
delicious food, great service, great atmosphere -- very intimate.  not a great place to take kids, but definitely an ideal date night spot.
