Who can resist a lighthouse I've visited a number of these domestically and abroad and each is unique and has it's own story to tell. This is an exceptional piece of history preserved for generations to come and the $5 admission is one of the best bargains around and ensures it will continue to awe the young and old for many years to come. We are fortunate to have this in our own backyard. I always have to question the number of steps to reach the top of the 208 steps are the landings being counted as a step and is the main floor the first step or is the first step the first of the 208 steps?
The $5 museum entry fee is worth it to walk up the stairs in the lighthouse and to see the view from the top. There are landing spots along the way for resting while taking the trip up. The steps get narrower at the very top. The grounds are well-kept, and the gift shop has reasonably priced souvenirs. Vacationing in Daytona Beach Shores, we took a drive south to New Smryna and Ponce Inlet. What a great way to spend away from the beach!
Now this is the next man said I will tell all my friends about I've always wanted to visit ally house now this is one of the best, although walking up the flight of stairs it seem like I was never going to reach the top but once I did I was glad that I made the trip; being in Daytona Beach with my honey for a nice romantic getaway this toped our expectation looking out as the light beamed across the water,  simply breathtaking I really enjoyed it, can't wait to come back for another visit
One of the most amazing places I have ever been to. Beautiful grounds. Friendly Staff. Great Information. Great Views. Best part $5 entry fee!!!
208 steps to the top with a phenomenal view. The tallest lighthouse in Florida. So worth coming to see. The lenses are so pretty. The museum is a great place to bring family.
Great lighthouse and museum! Enough to see to spend half a day! Admission is good for a whole day and if you're in the area for one day you can come back at night.
This place makes a big deal about water bottles.
Second highest lighthouse in the country! It was so worth the climb. The staff was super friendly and the gift shop was really nice.
This place is AMAZING and a total steal at $5 per adult! Tour the historic grounds, climb to the top of the 2nd tallest lighthouse in the US (bring walking shoes - it's 17 floors high)! I sincerely regret wearing flip flops as I was unable to take in the views. There are several houses on property and they go in depth to the history of the land, the people that kept the lighthouse going, and can each stand alone as a museum. Rich in history, breathtaking views (from what I've seen in photos) and a great glimpse of the start of American culture. A must, must, must. Note: No food or drink is allowed on premises.
I love how people give this Lighthouse a poor review because "the climb was too difficult and made me out of breath." Wow, America really is the fattest and laziest country in the world. This lighthouse is the second tallest lighthouse in the USA - so that should give you an idea of the type of view you'll have once you get to the top. Enjoy the breeze!!
The Ponce De Leon Lighthouse surprised me with how great it was. I visited the grounds expecting to walk up, take a quick picture, then leave. Once we got there I realized that there was a lot more to this site than I originally realized; history of various lighthouses and the ability to climb to the top! It was a good little workout (note: steep stairs, not for all of those who may be faint at heart) and the view was breathtaking. I think we stayed on top for 30 minutes enjoying the breeze and the vistas. If you are close by this location I would definitely recommend checking it out!
5 enthusiastic stars!!! Let me first say that this is not just a lighthouse, but an entire museum complete with a community of subordinate historic buildings. Let me also say that our family has been traveling on average about 8 weeks of the year for the past 7 years and we have NEVER run across such a great value. There is so much to see and do here... all for $5 for adults and $1.50 for kids under 12. We first discovered the lighthouse from a local attractions map and thought we would get a few great family photo's, but it turned out to be so much more. Ponce De León Inlet Lighthouse is ranked as Florida's tallest lighthouse @ 175 feet, and the third tallest in the United States... but it was not the first lighthouse at this inlet location. The original lighthouse was constructed on the south side of the inlet, but fell into disrepair after a strong storm eroded sand from around the base of the tower. The Second Seminole War began soon after, and the Seminole Indians attacked the lighthouse and set fire to its wooden stairs. All of these events weakened it's structure and it eventually toppled over into the ocean the following year after it's attack.   The current structure was began in 1884 and completed in 1887 (100 years before I graduated from high school), it's original name was the Mosquito Inlet lighthouse, but officially changed names in 1927. By 1970, the Coast Guard abandoned use of the lighthouse in favor of a beacon they installed on the south side of the inlet. The lighthouse was in danger of falling victim to disrepair again until the community gained ownership of the lighthouse and it's buildings in 1972 and began restoration to what it is today. OUR TOUR INCLUDED: *The Gift Shop - Beautiful and interesting souvenirs (including a pirate version of monopoly my son couldn't live without). *The Woodshed Video Theater - Here you can view a very informative short film on the history of the lighthouse. *The Second Assistant Keeper's Dwelling - Fun artifacts like clothing, clocks, toys and school supplies of children who once lived in the lighthouse dwellings. *The Keeper's Dwelling - Here you will find an incredible assortment of artifacts and informative interactive displays *Glady's Meyer's Davis Home (closed for renovation) - Named after the daughter of the last Principal Keeper of the lighthouse. Glady's was born in the house and remained a life long resident of Ponce Inlet. *The Pump House - Originally an artesian well, it was converted to a water tower and windmill to pump water to the dwellings. In 1915, the current building was constructed to house a gas powered pump which replaced the windmill. *The Generator and Communications House - Awesome old Morris code telegraphs  and radio beacon equipment. *The Lens House - Shows a variety of Fresnel Lenses, including the original 1st order Lens which measured 10 feet tall by 72" width and weighed 3,800 pounds. This lenses was powerful because of it's 15 prism panels, each containing 215 prisms and three additional reflector panels. It has enough projection power to be seen over 20 miles away. *The Oil Storage House - Once held 504 five gallon containers of kerosene, but those cans were replaced with two large iron tanks in 1927. Approximately 5 gallons of kerosene were burned per night to power the lens. *The Lighthouse - Forget Zumba! Come here instead because it's 203 steps to the top!!! Along the way you'll have great views of the inlet and a birds eye view of the spiral iron stairs built by the Phoenix Iron Company of Philadelphia. Spectacular views upwards from the ground floor or downwards from the top floor. THE VERDICT ------------ - - - - - - Daytona no doubt has a lot of things to see and do, but this is something I highly recommend to families. Fun, entertaining, educational and inexpensive... We LOVED it. TIP: 1) It's very windy at the top of the lighthouse. 2) Also visit the Marine Science Center just around the corner if you have young children. There you can see live turtles, bald eagles, falcons and touch sting rays swimming in a shallow indoor pool.
Been to quite a few lighthouses at this point and I have to say that while this one doesn't have the most mesmerizing view at top (though it is still nice) - it has been the most educationally pleasing. The grounds are beautifully kept, and they are full of fun facts and interesting stories which you explore at your own pace. I especially enjoyed the display of lenses seeing as other locations will only have one lens for you to enjoy - the one inside the lighthouse. This visit would have been perfect had it not been for the lack of concern for visitor safety. I see another review implying that those complaining about the stairs are just typical lazy American's. I'd like to point out that not everyone's health issues are caused by laziness, and some people unfortunately have health issues that they do not even know about. Personally, I haven't got a clue what caused it, but once I got the the top of the lighthouse (I've climbed several with no issue) I was pale, purple lipped, dizzy, and claustrophobic. It was quite frightening that unlike EVERY other lighthouse I have visited there was NO employee and NO water at the top of the lighthouse. While I can't expect water, I do expect an employee at the top. I had chatted with those employed to stay at the top before and they are always CPR certified. If every other lighthouse can do it than why can't this one? I guess I'll never know since no one has emailed me back in over a month. Anyways, I'll give credit where it is due - the trip is definitely worth the money. Obviously more precautionary measures would be nice.
I've been climbing this lighthouse for years and it never gets old. Florida's tallest lighthouse is surprisingly easy to climb and the view is incredible. Highly recommend you give it a chance next time you visit beautiful Ponce Inlet.
An absolutely magnificent Lighthouse Florida has been one of the leaders in the restoration and educating the public about it's lighthouses.  One of the results of this effort is the magnificent and stunning lighthouse at Ponce De Leon Inlet.   The lighthouse was built in 1887 and at 175 feet is the tallest light in the state.  It's great when lighthouses are still strong enough to allow people to actually go in them and you can indeed climb the 203 steps to the top and get incredible views in all directions. The lighthouse is in amazing condition and looks as if it's first order Fresnel lens was just lit. You can tell that the people that restored the light and are now taking care of it really know what they are doing and really care. As if climbing to the top of the light wasn't fun enough there are also several other fascinating displays on the grounds. Three nicely restored examples of period houses are open as well as a boat yard and best of all a lens museum. Great information about the development of lighthouse lens and of course several incredibly beautiful examples of Fresnel lens.  Seeing these gorgeous works of art up close is an experience. If you enjoy lighthouses you can easily spend hours here. Of course when you are done there is a nice gift shop with all sorts of cool lighthouse stuff from clothing to fridge magnets to beautiful works of art. Best of all the price of admission is only five bucks. I have seen a lot of lighthouses in a lot of states but I don't think I have ever been more impressed with not only the tower but the displays and presentation too. For some who has even a passing interest in lighthouses and history it is hard to imagine time and money better spent.
Not a lot of exciting or interesting stuff for kids at this landmark.  They have some original houses with interesting items behind glass cabinets but nothing to keep a 6 year old or even a 13 year old interested for long. As for the Lighthouse itself, we made it as far as the second landing on the narrow spiral metal steps before terror and vertigo struck (ME!) so we slunk back down and out the door with our tails between our legs. The best part were the various bulbs which were housed in a room of their own.
I could have stayed exploring forever, too bad we were practically kicked out, due to closing time! The lighthouse itself was amazing!  As someone who is in shape, it was a climb, and my thighs definitely felt the tension.  The view from the top is breathtaking!  I just wanted to stay up there and take photos!  The climb down was much easier on my aching thighs, however, I have small feet, and still held onto the railing, as I felt I could topple at any moment. I enjoying exploring the houses as well!  So much history of such a very small place!  The videos were informative, and gave the background history of the buildings, as well as the people that lived there during those times.   The one thing, however, I would have loved to see the 1 room schoolhouse, if it is still in existence!
Another florida lighthouse that is worth to see. There is a fee to climb and inspect the lighthouse up close. Nice gift shop with ponce inlet lighthouse's souvenirs and knick knacks.
I hate heights but I loved this lighthouse.It is the tallest in Florida and has an interesting history.It looks great and the grounds are well kept and each building offers additional information to how lightkeepers lived.Hard to imagine the solitude. Mister enjoyed the latrine,of course.I liked the various different types of lights and lenses used throughout time.The personal stories of the lighthouse keeper's families were incredible. Nice,reasonably priced tour for the family.
Totally awesome.  The grounds are gorgeous.  The buildings are beautiful.  The lighthouse itself has been wonderfully restored.   For only $5.00 (yes, FIVE dollars) you get an all day pass to check out everything on the grounds. You have to walk through the store to get the tickets, and then enter the grounds for the self-guided tour, and you will need to exit through the same store to get out.   The lighthouse has 203 steps, so if you have heart problems, wearing inappropriate shoes, or just can't stand moving--don't attempt this, as going down is on the same steps going up!   The view at the top is spectacular and so rewarding after the 203 steps.   This was one my favorite things to see here. Number two favorite was seeing the lamps in the other building...they're HUGE lenses...and you can see how much work goes into making these. Parking = plentiful.  They have their own lot.
Best sightseeing sight near Daytona.  For $5, you get some fantastic views on top of the lighthouse (2nd tallest in the U.S.). A winding staircase up 203 steps is a workout itself.  Once you get up there, it is wow! The store has some neat items for souveneirs.  I was cheap and got a certificate of completion for climbing the lighthouse for $1.25, lol. There are buildings surrounding the lighthouse, which are museums that provide the history of each building and it's occupants. Spectacular Place!
A quaint little piece of early American History! Mix in the fact that you get to ascend a lighthouse and get an amazing view of the surrounding area and this place becomes something you shouldn't pass up if you're visiting in the area.
I wanted to visit the Ponce De Leon Lighthouse so I could climb to the top and check out the view, but once we got there I realized we should have set aside more time to explore and check out everything at this cool historic site. For only $5 you get an all day pass to check out all the buildings on the lighthouse grounds. The historical society has turned all of the old keeper's homes and out buildings into little museums. I had no idea there was so much to see! I highly recommend this as a small day trip for anyone wanting to get a great view of the Atlantic and of Daytona Beach Shores.
I love this place! We live down here just a few miles away from the lighthouse & inlet but my whole family enjoys visiting "the lighthouse" and the giftshop/museums. I love the big room with the gigantic Fresnel lens in it. :D Climbing the lighthouse itself is a real workout...but the view is totally worth it! :D
We were visiting Daytona and saw a brochure for the lighthouse, so we decided to go. It was $5 per person, and you get to explore the 13 sites on the property. There are storage rooms, houses where the people stayed, a lighthouse lantern exhibit, and the lighthouse itself. The lighthouse itself is a very high, steep climb. I'm not afraid of heights, but  I got a little stirred when walking down. It is a nice thing to do here while on vacation, though. A lot of water fountains and bathrooms on the property.
The Light Leads the way to Fun! The Lighthouse at Ponce Inlet is a great place to take the family on a beach weekend. It's got great history behind it, and climbing to the top of the lighthouse is great experience (not to mention exercise)! The Good: Cheap fun!: Tickets are only $5 for adults, and $1.50 for kids, so this is probably one of the cheapest things you'll do all summer. In fact it'll probably be cheaper than the gas you used to get there! Educational Fun!: There's a little museum that explains some of the history behind the lighthouse, and has some very interesting facts that little kids will probably enjoy. The Bad: Short trip: Going up to the lighthouse and looking at the museum will probably only talk about 2 hours, and your kids may give you the dreaded "i'm booored" if you stay too long. It's definitely a good idea to keep this trip short, focused, and sweet! The lighthouse at ponce inlet is definitely a great place to take the kids for a quick outing, and if you haven't had enough entertainment, don't worry because the beach is only a few blocks away! Overall 8.8/10 = A Lovely Lighthouse!
This review will be short and sweet. Everything about this place is great. It's a cheap activity you can enjoy for hours. Once you hike up all the stairs -- I don't remember how many they are, but trust me it's a work out! -- the view of the town is amazing. truly breath taking! The gift shop is another adventure all on its own, I think I spent an hour in there! My fiance and I had so much fun here, and we'd totally recommend it!
I love lighthouses. Enough said.
If you visit Daytona then be sure to drive down to Ponce Inlet to see the lighthouse!  I love everything about this place.  There's a lot of history to take in while walking around the beautifully kept grounds.  You can climb to the top of the lighthouse to get a beautiful view of the area.  Get your jogging shoes on and climb the 200+ stairs to the top!   There's exhibits in the various buildings on the property that have exhibits detailing the history of the lighthouse.  They still have the original Fresnel lens in one of the buildings so you can get a close-up look at it.  They lighthouse at night is gorgeous.  My wife and I drive down to Ponce Inlet just to see it lit up at night.   Be sure to also check out the Marine Science Center right around the corner!
This is a really cool site seeing place if you never been in a lighthouse. It is only $5 dollars per adult ticket to enter and you can walk around the "museum". There are a few houses around the lighthouse that you may visit as well but the main attraction is the light house. Now bear in mind, if you are afraid of heights or is claustrophobic then this is not the place for you. The stairs are meant for one person only and the higher you go, the steeper and narrower the stairs become. x.x it is so scary. However, the view and the breeze on top is really relaxing and amazing!
If your in the area definitely check them out. Its a great learning experience and a good work out. We went to the top of the light house on a hot hot humid day yuk! but we made it after a few stops on the way to catch our breath. But once your on top your in heaven great views and a nice cool breeze.
enjoyed walking around to all the little museums. the lighthouse was fun. Probably couldn't make it back up and down those stairs ever again though! lol. Cool view from the top of the lighthouse
Off the beaten path,  take your time to visit this location, pleasant experience. The $5 admission for the lighthouse & museum grounds is well worth the price. Hidden gem.....
A must stop. Be sure to climb the light house. War comfortable shoes for the climb.
We went for lunch on a weekday.  The restaurant was half full, most with parties of 4 or more, and there was ONE waitress.  Needless to say, it was difficult to get anything.  Paid $13.95 for the Shrimp Basket which included a whopping total of 5 shrimp and a handful of fries. Kids meals were decent at $4.95-$5.95, but did not include a drink.  A KID'S drink will set you back an additional $2.50.  This has to be beyond a doubt the WORST value I've ever encountered at a restaurant.  Food was mediocre at best.
Tallest lighthouse in Florida, for $5 you can hike up the stairs to the top and see a truly amazing view of the area...  Given that Florida has pretty much no real hills (except for a couple in Tallahasse, like the one the state capitol is on), the view from the top of this lighthouse is about as dramatic as it gets in Florida. If you are interested in history, the grounds of the lighthouse have been well maintained/restored and you can visit the former residences of the staff of the lighthouse and learn a lot about the history of the area and of lighthouse technology in well presented exhibits.. There is a short nature trail just outside the lighthouse grounds which is also interesting..  To see everything here will occupy 2 or 3 hours.
A great piece of local history--I remember taking field trips here in elementary school and climbing to the top. Even after all these years the lighthouse has been kept in amazing condition. The view from the top is more than worth the workout it takes to get there as theres only one way... the stairs. Admission is still kept affordable and the surrounding grounds provide small museum exhibitions to teach more background on the lighthouse and its history.
The Ponce Inlet Lighthouse is a fun place to spend a couple hours, if you appreciate history and museums. Admission isn't too expensive ($5-10 per person), and it give you access to the lighthouse as well has re-created keeper's residences on the property and a small museum. You can climb to the top of the lighthouse (you'll feel it in the legs!) and look out about 16 miles into sea and the mainland, as well as inspect old fresnel lenses in the museum. There's a gift shop (naturally), as well as a small playground for the children. Wander across the street around 5 PM to the Critter Fleet charter fishing marina to watch the fishing boats come back and pelicans fighting over cleaned fish remains. Ponce Inlet is is a laid back sort of place, and this is an authentic experience that keeps this local coming back again and again.
This place is great and a huge value at only $5.00 per person. You will see more here than on any lighthouse tour I've been on. The place is well maintained and offers a lot of historical information on the lighthouse and the old US Lighthouse Service in general. We spent about three hours touring the grounds.
We went to eat at a restaurant on the water and just happened to drive by the lighthouse and museum and pulled in. I am so glad we did! The cost to enter the grounds was only $5 a person. Extremely reasonable entertainment for such a touristy coast. The history was interesting and I enjoyed seeing all the glass of lighthouses past and the historical pieces in each house on the grounds. While the lighthouse itself was extremely cool, be warned of the trek it takes to get to the top. Over 200 narrow steep steps. Makes one a little dizzy and somewhat winded. Not everyone made it to the top. The view was nice from above.
Cheap admission and wonderful museum. Walk up to the top of the nation's second oldest lighthouse. It is a hike but worth it. No food or drinks allowed but please drink often from the on site fountains. The heat can be brutal. Walk around the outside grounds, especially to the pier and restaurant. What a great place!
I thought this Lighthouse was beautiful.  Well taken care of.  I did not have time to go up to the top due to they were getting ready for their full moon and sunset special tour.  I would love to do this sometime.  If you like Lighthouses this one being the tallest in Florida was great to see and one well taken care of.
Cheap tour it's only 5 dollars to get to walk around a few museums and walk up the tallest light house in Florida.  Very Interesting information threw out the entire area.  The little gift shop where you buy your ticket is probably one of the best priced suvinere shops I have ever been too.  Definitely recommend this to people coming to this Lighthouse if you are in the Daytona Beach area.
Very well done exhibit.  Beautiful to see.  I expect I will be sore from climbing the tower.  Spectacular views.   Lovely exhibit of lenses.
Admission price is a bargain. Great place to visit for the family. The hike up the lighthouse in not for the faint of heart. My youngest (4 yrs.) and I made it up once and that was enough for us (fear of heights). However, my wife and oldest (6 yrs.) went back up for seconds.
This is a pretty awesome experience if you have never done it. Me & some friends decided on a spur of the moment trip to Daytona a little over a month ago that we were gonna climb this lighthouse! Needless to say it was the day after a long night of boozin and beachin so our balance wasnt up to par:) When you get here, you pay a $5 entry fee and you go thru this plantation type place. Its extremely interesting to see the quarters where the lighthouse keeppers lived. It is 175 Ft. and it is the tallest lighthouse in the state and one of the tallest in the United States. There are 203 steps and it is insane when you get to the top.... Its cool, quiet and the view is to die for! Walking down is another story.You have to do this. But take some advice, dont do it the day after a long night of drinkin. Just sayin :)
