One of the Capital Region's best spots, hands down. Deft interior design and the hospitality of Heather and Vic have created a hip, comfortable, and inviting wine bar/light restaurant that has been a smash hit and deserving of its status as the symbol of the Troy revival. The menu is limited, but the salads and the peanut noodles are simple, fresh and satisfying and the cheese and charcuterie offerings are complemented by a well chosen list of wines.  A good selection of bottled craft and foreign beers is also available. It is also a very good place to have coffee. Staff are properly trained at the espresso machine and at the pour-over technique. Coupled with premium coffees, it makes for a great match. I am less enamored with the dessert offerings supplied by some local bakeries and merchants (although they are not bad), and I would like to see the kitchen expand it offerings a little, although the space limitation makes that unfeasible. One can dream! In any event, it is hard to go wrong with a trip here.
Blue Bottle coffee close to home. Be still my heart. Now, if only they were open for weekend brunch...
To be honest, this should probably be a 4 star review. But I'm not really a wine drinker, so this is just a regular guy's point of view. They have a pretty respectable selection of fancy craft beers, but none of the blue collar low brow stuff. I wish they'd just stash some Miller High Life under the counter even if they poured it into an unmarked glass and didn't advertise it. Anyhow... It's an outstanding space, with original exposed brick and great neighborhood feel. The staff is both polite and very nice - never had a single unpleasant remark from anyone. I want to give this bar 4 stars, but the music is always so loud that I can't hear the other people at my table.  There's no reason for the music to be blaring at that volume; I just don't get it. I would definitely stay and drink here if they turned down the music. The setting, clientele & staff outweigh the snotty beer selection, but no beer is tasty or cold enough to overcome obnoxiously loud elevator music. I'll update this review if they change their jukebox volume.
As a European, who travels to Europe regularly - especially France - this place is just "so so". For whatever reason, Americans equate wine with snobbery - and therefore, are willing to pay very high prices for low-to-medium quality wines - all for the sake of preserving the illusion of refinement. The crowd here is decidedly hipster - or, their cousin - the yuppie. You can tell them apart from the rest, as they undo the top button of their collard work shirt, and then proceed to aimlessly sip wines they're unfamiliar with - so that they can appear cultured. Wine and finger foods need not be pretentious. Unfortunately, the uncultured aren't aware of that.
After spending several years as an Assistant Winemaker in Sonoma, CA it's very nice to be able to enjoy an intimate atmosphere with high quality pours. The charcuterie is top notch. I found the staff to be not only A+ in hospitality but also incredibly knowledgeable (having a sommelier on staff helps).  Any vinophile in the area must stop in for at least a glass and some food.
The cheese/charcuterie/mustards plate!
Super awesome date night spot.  Unique,  tasty,  an experience rather than a meal and drinks.
This place is always a classic.  Just when you think it's a regular old Tuesday night, the confectionary gives you troyster Tuesday.  Yes, that means $1 oyster night.  The cheese and meats platter is never a disappointment, and the wine list is always changing.  The beer list has fresh new options as well.  Everyone who works there is smiling, knows the menu and can give you a solid suggestion time after time.
I love this place! Easy place to get to in a nice part of Troy. The atmosphere is relaxing and food is wonderful. I always look forward to going back. This is a must go kind of place!
Lucas Confectionery has a great wine selection, cozy ambiance and friendly staff. It is also home the the best macaron I have ever eaten, I highly recommend it.
The wine (some on tap?!?!), the food, the atmosphere... MMMMM. You'll feel like you're in NYC-where the owner is from-as you sip and nibble away on some of the best wine & cheeses I've ever had. The serving staff does an excellent job at suggesting wine pairings and every little detail, from the menu itself to the water glasses, are modern and original. Definitely my go-to date night venue. Don't forget to check out their dessert offerings, the (daily special) cupcakes go fast!
Great place for a date! Cozy yet cool and modern. We sat at the bar (it's full service) and that was perfectly enjoyable. We both tried the night's specials: he got the sparkling white, I got the red. I intend to go back ASAP to try some of the food options. Not good for a full meal. I love the candy decor and bakery offerings, nods to the name. Also open as a cafe. Would be a cool place to go to alone and chill.
Absolutely excellent!! Upscale wine/coffee and dessert bar. Went on a recommendation of a friend and will continue to frequent! Excellent wine selection and small plate menu. I recommend the half bottle selection, but there are multiple wines by the glass as well. And the latte and desserts were exceptional! The mini pies and truffles are to die for! For a Tuesday night I thought it would be quiet. I was mistaken, it was very busy but the staff were very attentive. Great experience, will bring friends next time! Very cool building with old world charm! Love it!!
On a recent business trip I happened upon the Lucas Confectionery. This is a Really exceptional place, I loved the vibe, decor and lighting. It has the look and feel that I could easily be in SOHO or San Fran. Great wine and beer selection's, they have my favorite beer, the Ballast Point Sculpin, which I took as an omen of great things to come. The service was excellent, warm and friendly ...a great team. I can't wait for the weather to warm up so I can enjoy the patio out back. The oysters on the half shell were on special... and they were special. I'll definitely return often.
We love the wine bar every time we go! We like that this is a new lovely addition to Troy since we live here and like to support local businesses. It's lovely inside &  welcoming ! The food, drinks, & staff are always wonderful! Yay !
Lucas is a great place for us to go to. Being in our early 30's its perfect for our tastes and dont feel surrounded by the 20 something crowd. Great wine list and food.  4 stars only bc we love vodka but otherwise great place
I've had nicer wine at townie beer bars for several dollars less per glass. The beer selection is quite good. I haven't sampled the menu extensively but what I have tried was disappointing and very overpriced. The chocolates and snacks could be poured from a Trader Joes or Price Chopper bag. I had a sesame noodle dish that amounted to spaghetti with peanuts and a tiny sprinkling of green onion and maybe the equivalent of half a cap of shiitake mushroom, which can be purchased in large quantities at Asian Supermarket for $4. I'm sure the salads are good but at the prices listed I don't feel that adventurous as a salad without considerable protein to other ingredients priced above 7-8 dollars is pushing it. Here you are paying for the "refined" atmosphere, which I do not care for at all and in fact find obnoxious.  The owners are nice people but the praise this place receives does not seem entirely deserved. I hope this establishment will not encourage many more of its kind to populate downtown Troy and will remain successful and unique.
Attention to detail, from the wine to the food to the decor, will grab you by the lapels and kiss you right on the lips. Why will you be hooked on visiting the Confectionery? Friendly, knowledgable service, Pro-Troy atmosphere, solid wine selection, not too noisy, and delicious food that varies from vegetarian friendly to raw oysters. There's a nice covered patio out back. Great for a date night. My friend Heather and I always seem to hang out here after our Junior League meetings! A natural gathering place.
I love reading other peoples reviews. One person called this place "Hipster" and "boring re purposed blah, blah, blah" If Troy history is hipster and boring,  if a passionate couple who not only built this masterpiece, but are always there to show guests around are boring, then I guess I am boring, but I am definitely not hipster lol.... Small plates are interesting, tasty, and fun. It is not quite a tapas bar, but more a place to munch on yummy cheese, salty meats, hummus, and other cool stuff. The new market that is attached has some great stuff and I have to admit to spending a little too much on meats and cheeses. You can buy a great draft beer, or glass of wine while you look around, How cool is that? There are no photos that can do this place justice. I find it harder and harder to leave downtown Troy on the weekends........bravo Lucas Confectionary
What a great refuge in Troy, its a classy place with hometown charm. The enclosed back patio is a great all season area to enjoy a crisp glass of wine with friends.  They are super involved in the community and provide lots of fun specials, classes and dinners.  I love half price bottles of wine, and Troyster Tuesdays.  You aren't in a wine mood?? No worries the beer list is on point as well.  Other perks: best cappuccinos in troy and great for large parties.
Brilliant! An artistic creation of reusable materials in the most beautiful wine bar I have EVER seen. This place could just as easily be located in The Mission, Chelsea, or Ann Arbor. I can't believe while walking back to our hotel from a concert at the Troy State Bank Concert Hall we stumbled upon the magnificent gem by accident (or providence.) The interior is so warm and inviting you really never want to leave. The lighting is magically created with soft Thomas Edison filament exposed light bulbs. There are candles burning on all tables with fireplaces in random places throughout. The table tops are repurposed marble and it creates an elegant feeling when you sit down your glass of wine that was pored in a delicate Reidel glass. Wow! While visiting from Michigan we made numerous local friends on a cold snowy Tuesday evening ... and the place was packed and bustling (yes I said Tuesday ...) We even had the absolute pleasure of meeting the delightful young proprietors, Vic and Heather. So warm and friendly you just want them to succeed on this epic business path. Oh, and yes they designed and did most of the remodeling themselves...clearly not afraid of heavy lifting and plaster dust! The whole evening was eventful and the Downtown Area of Troy must be thrilled to have this business create such a memorable experience for out-of-town visitors! We will definitely be back the next time we come to Troy, NY and I can NOT wait!!!
Am I really in Troy? I am IN LOVE with Lucas. This is such a beautiful space with a vintage like feel. Pictures can't even do justice. This is the spot to be with the perfect ambience whether you're on a date or want to catch up with friends. There's plenty of seating and there is also an outdoor space! Everything is well thought out and beautifully restored. After talking with some of the staff, I found out this used to be an abandoned building. About a couple years ago, they renovated and restored the beauty of this building. They certainly did an amazing job. The food and wine are just as amazing as the space, decor and ambience. The autumn salad was surprisingly big in portions and just as delicious. The combination of the burrata, tomatoes, roasted pumpkin seeds, and spring salad mix was super yum!  The white wine that they recommended was also superb. I don't know the next time I'll be in Troy but this will be my go-to must visit spot. If I had lived here, I would certainly be a regular at Lucas Confectionary. If only they existed when I went to RPI!
3.7 stars. "Troyster Tuesday" was the name of the game. $1 a piece, $12 for a dozen of those gems of the sea - fresh, raw, smooth, briny oysters that paired perfectly with cocktail sauce, prosecco sauce, and a squeeze of lemon. In addition to their happy hour wine list, there was a $5 cabernet and a $5 pinot grigio, both of which I had and were truly quality. The flavor of the cabernet was deep and gripping, and for those who like dry wines, the tannins in this one were sophisticated. The pinot was citrusy and refreshing, light without being forgotten. Our table ordered a cheese plate with the kunik (pasteurized goat and cow, paired with gingersnaps), teahive (pasturized cow paired with shortbread), and midnight (a gouda, paired with raspberry), all of which were eaten with great gusto. I'm not one for charcuterie, and being lactose intolerant and generally disinterested in cheese, the menu was very limited for me. Oysters were the only sustenance I had to accompany the wine, both of which were well enjoyed, but some more umph to the menu would have been much appreciated. Ambiance was relaxed and hipster, as someone previously mentioned. Inside, bricks lined the walls and yellow-lit lanterns hung above hard wooden tables and benches. The warmth came from tones of dark wood and the chatter and conversation floating around. Service was decent albeit not memorable. The oysters took quite awhile to appear, and so for some time we sat with our wines without food to pair. The cheese plate was ordered later to compensate for the wait time for the oysters.
Great place to get some wine and talk to friends.  Buy it by the bottle, its cheaper. Ask for Samantha or Beth
Huge wine and dessert bar in downtown Troy. This is a great addition to help revitalize the area. The walls are stocked with large glass jars of sweets - caramels, candy corn, lollipops... all are just out of reach but are, in fact, available for purchase. There is also  a full chalk board (on the left when you enter, easy to miss) of desserts for sale. I didn't get to try any of the confections, but I had two wines which were both superb. Our waiter was a standout guy. He listened to what we liked and gave us recommendations. Actually, he told us exactly what we would want. We didn't question him and without fault he gave us quality drinks and decent prices. He also stayed much past closed to care for us. I'm tired of great wine and cocktail bars that are too small with too few bartenders and servers for the amount of interest. Lucas Confectionary was nearly full when we arrived but there was a table and server ready for us. No clamoring for a space at the bar to yell your order to a rushed bartender.
I think the major allure of this place is the decorating and atmosphere, because other than that there was nothing special. I would go so far as to say people are blinded by the decor and the fact that everyone thinks it is "NYC inspired" (which inevitably feeds the inadequacy complex that a lot of Upstaters have, so they dole out blind praise instead)  The rehab and decorating choice are contrived hipster-fied "reclaimed" blah blah blah; as boring as exposed brick (yup they have that covered).  The patio is nice but their self promoting slide show on the side of the building was boring.  It was 80 degrees out and I did not notice any air conditioning inside.   I am personally concerned that some of the food is prepared in the owner's apartment kitchen above the establishment.  Pairing cheese and meats, turning on a food processor to make hummus, and serving other people's desserts doesn't make you "fancy" and it doesn't make the place a "restaurant", which so many people seem to think this is, including the local tabloid/newspaper.  What does it make it?  A peddler of other people's products and ideas.  Its unique for the region.  But I'm not impressed.   Wine selection is good.  Craft beer selection was uninspired.   A lot of the praise also seems caught up in the personalities of the owners. The services is aloof when good and absent when bad.
This might be my third review of this place. I just can't say enough good things about the Confectionary. The reason for this review is because I went there last night for the first time since they opened up the outdoor patio space in the back. I was overwhelmed with how unique the space was. I love the exposed beams, wall of plants and the long communal table with lots of candles. It really is the most unique bar in the capital region. I am sure I will spend a few more summer nights on the patio sipping excellent wine. I am not sure why people complain that it is too much money for a drink. The wine menu has everything from $6 glass of wines and up. You are also paying for the ambiance and an amazing selection of wine. The cheese presentation is also cool. They serve the cheese on granite slates and write the name of the cheese in chalk. It inspired me to go buy a similar one for when I have guest over.
After a crappy experience at Bacchus/Daisy Baker...(.NEVER AGAIN).   we saw this place & decided to give it a try and are we glad we did...physically the place is unique...looks like something from the city or Old Montreal..when they heard it was our first visit .the bar tenders and waitresses went out of their way to make us feel at home. Large selection of wines, cheeses and meats...sampler plates available...and our server explained the different choices with samples available  before we ordered...if we hadn't been  going to a concert we definitely would have stayed longer. Will we return?...definitely & we're bringing friends!
While it's a bit Brooklyn hipster, it's a well thought out menu and a very friendly spot. We shared a Monger plate and some hummus and both were incredible the plate has a wise, eclectic selection of cheeses and charcuterie  with an assortment of jams and mustard. The hummus was thick, garlicky and sublime. They have a great selection of artisan brews and a very comprehensive wine list. The service was friendly, prompt and very attentive.
Great ambiance, food and wine! Love having an unpretentious place to gather with friends and enjoy good wine and food.
I celebrated my graduation from residency at the confectionery. I spoke with a lovely man on the phone who helped set up a menu and reserved a table out on the patio for me and my closest friends and family.  For those of you who have gone through  a medical residency, you will know the first thing you should do is drink heavily. This means you've made it. As a resident of Albany for four years, I was slightly sad to find this place towards the end of my tenure. I felt that the food was decent but would love for the menu to expand more. I've been here for brunch as well and I felt that the options were somewhat limited. However,  I can understand not having a full kitchen could be limiting. However,  if you were in the mood for great wine, fresh cheese and bread with an awesome atmosphere, this is the place to be! Oh,  did I mention the amazing coffee?! That is for sure something that I would drive back to Troy for everyday. All in all a great addition to Troy. I hope to see that area continue to grow as they have in the last few years.
Awesome meet up spot for before dinner drinks, after dinner drink and dessert, or even a Sunday funday with the ladies! The atmosphere is very cool, feels like you could be at a place in NYC. Great selection of wines and beer, it's hard to not please every person that walks in the door. I am voting 5 stars -- never disappointed here.
Ever had a review removed by Yelp admin?  I just did.  Said my review didn't "describe a firsthand customer experience."  I admit it was a short review, simply adding my thumbs up to the favorable reviews already here.  Sometimes short feels right, but if they say that doesn't work, I guess it doesn't.  That said, I am a huge fan of this place and will go to the trouble of writing another review. I've been to the Confectionery four or five times now.  Loved it from the first visit and now feel like family.  I get the sense that everyone is treated as well.  The owners, Vic and Heather, and the rest of the team (shout out to Lucas), would alone make this place a treasure, but add the food (vegan small plates!), wine (love everything on tap!), the espresso (blue bottle beans, a top shelf vintage machine and skilled baristas!) and the fellow customers (I've had conversations with half a dozen, but I only remember Michael's name) and the sum total makes this a place I hope to visit regularly for years to come.  I could write more, but I should go be with my family.  Cheers!
We went in just to check it out and have a glass of wine. This is a cool place with a nice vibe and cool small plates menu. The sweets we tried (mini pie flight) were pretty meh though, hence the 3 Stars. It'll probably get bumped up upon return. Wine- 4 Stars The wine I had was on tap and was very nice. I'll be back to try more. Food- 2 Stars The small desserts we got, the mini pie flight, was severely overpriced. They just didn't have enough flavor for the tiny amount of filling you got and ended up more like flavored jelly in a little teeny undercooked pie crust. Pass on those for sure. Atmosphere- 4 Stars The atmosphere is awesome overall, but we found the stools, while cool looking to be pretty crappy for actually sitting on. Service- 3 Stars Service was inconsistent while we were there (busy Friday at like 9ish), we sat there for a while because there were waiters, but nobody ever came. I went up to the bar and ordered, then brought it back to the counter area where we were sitting. Then, after we were finished someone asked if we needed anything.
I love and fear The Confectionary. I love it because not only is it beautiful inside but also because everything is so freaking delicious. I fear it because in the two weeks that it has been open I've already spent way more than Mint tells me is acceptable for my budget. Whoops. This bar has something for everyone. My boyfriend and I are on opposite ends of the wine spectrum but we both find something new and tasty every time we come. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful. It doesn't matter if you don't know what you want because they can answer all your questions and are eager to offer you a tasting so that you can be sure you like something before you order a glass. Also, I may be a weirdo, but there's something heartwarming about seeing the owners working side by side with the staff. Since there is a decent selection of unique and micro-brewed beers, even our friends who don't like wine enjoy coming here. The food is delicious and once again there is something for everyone. The portions are not huge, but this is really more for tasting and snacking. However, that has not stopped us from ordering just about everything that is on the menu and enjoying a dinner of cheese and cured meats. Where else can you get applewood smoked duck breast or artisan cheese with a beramont oil and black tea rub? The savory tarts and pies that are made locally (but not in house) are also amazing. On our last visit we got a sample plate of 5 meats and cheeses of our choice for $20,  two single serving savory tarts that were $5 each, and the mini flight of pies that we ordered was $6. We ordered 2 glasses of house wine for $6 each (which is still VERY good, with 4 different wines on tap - yes, tap!) and one glass of port. All together our bill was about $55. If memory serves me right, there is talk that in the future they will be serving coffee and sandwiches in the afternoon. I cannot tell you how much I am looking forward to this, especially if they offer internet.
This will definitely be the new "hot spot" in Troy.  We arrived shortly after they opened on a Thursday evening and by the time we left, around 7 pm, the place was just about full.  During the recent Victorian Stroll event there was a line of people waiting to get in.  The restoration of the interior speaks welcoming to you as you enter.  The staff are warm, friendly, and knowledgeable.  The carafe of water brought to our table was infused with the flavor of cucumber and some other flavors that I don't recall.  It was very refreshing.  The wine bar is the first in the area with wine on draft.  Being a wine bar the only beer is in bottles, but there are at least some good craft beers available. We started with a couple of glasses of wine, a Pier 41 Red Blend from Red Hook Winery in New York ($12) and a Vinha do Mouro from Quinta do Mouro in Portugal ($11).  Both were nice, but the one from Portugal was really nice. From the Small Plates section of the menu we ordered the Kalamata Olive Tapenade ($4.50).  I'm not a tapenade fan but my wife is.  She said it was delicious.  I tried it and found that I agreed with her.  It was certainly the best tasting tapenade I'd ever had. The Cheese & Charcuterie menu offers four choices - a selection of 1 item for $5; 3 items for $12; 5 items for $20; and our choice of the Monger's Choice ($23) - a selection of cheeses & charcuterie of the kitchen's choice along with suggested appropriate pairings.  Our Monger's Choice ended up including 4 cheeses, 4 meats, a mix of olives, Marcona almonds, little pickles, whole grain mustard, honey, and at least three other items that I don't recall.  The recommended pairings with each cheese were wonderful.  The flavors just burst in your mouth.  The cheeses on our slate were Shushan Snow, Red Hawk, Pleasant Ridge Reserve, and Shaker Blue.  The charcuteries were Spicy Capicola, Applewood Smoked Magret Duck Breast, Bresaola, and Duck Salami.   Service was excellent.  Several servers and the owner stopped by occasionally to check on us and to answer any questions.  They were all very knowledgeable.  We are looking forward to our return and possibly try some of the sweets also the next time.  Your receipt can either be printed or emailed to you.
A guaranteed hit. Troy is over-run with bars with more beer taps than a yellow lab bitch has teats. So finally somebody wakes up and says, "gee, maybe I should do something different." In this case, the somebody is Vic Christopher and his lovely wife Heather, and they have done something not only different, but passionately so. What we have here is a wine bar with enough style and spunk to be a smash hit on the lower east side of NYC. Drop it in Troy, for God's sake, and it's so good you fear the locals won't know what to do with it. But fear not, on tonight's grand opening, the place is completely packed, the wine is flowing fast as the two lone Square-equipped iPads can ring the sales, and EVERYBODY is smiling and cheerful. I predict more than the usual percentage of patrons will go home and make babies tonight. It's THAT kind of smiling. I'll leave it to future reviews to extol the virtues of the wine list and menu, to wax eloquent about the venerable antique espresso machine, and the depth of Vic's attention to the minutest detail in decor, not to mention his obsession with all things historical Troy. For now, I'm calling this a monster success that is going to attract a more age-diverse clientele than the typical Troy brew pub. I think it's got legs for the long run. Join me in wishing Vic and Heather the best of success with their unique new bar!
Ohhh my gosh.  I cannot say enough good things about this place.  It is definitely my new favorite place to go in the area.  Everyone should stop reading this review and head over :)  Anyways, it is located in somewhat of an inconspicuous spot, and may be easy to miss.  When you walk in you will without a doubt immediately fall in love.  It is super cozy and has a trendy rustic vibe.  The atmosphere is really top notch.  There are several spots to sit and it just feels very intimate even when it is packed. It can be somewhat hard to find a spot to sit if it's packed, but I've found that as long as you  have your eyes open you can get a spot fairly quickly since people tend to come and go.   I have tried a few of their white wines, all which have been great.  My friend who I've gone with has always tried reds and he has enjoyed all of them as well.  We also tried a few of their cheeses which were really nice and served in a really cool way on a stone slate with what it was written under it.  The wine list is quite long and you can opt to get a bottle, half bottle or glass.  They also will let you try whatever you would like before you choose what to purchase.   The service has been excellent when I have visited, although I may be a little biased since my friend works there.  But, I have had other servers and they have been very knowledgeable and friendly.  They have been helpful giving suggestions since I honestly don't know a lot about wine.  You can order from the bar or have a seat and somebody will serve you.  They come around every so often to see if you need anything, take away empties, etc.   This is just the place Troy needed and I am so happy that they are doing so well.  I cannot wait to go back again and again!
great atmosphere and interesting menu. scones are great! i would like to go back soon and try a few things they have that i didnt have time to check out the first time. great 'date' spot with the back patio area and dimly lit inside tables. cool spot!
This place is a hidden gem in downtown Troy. The atmosphere takes you into a cozy/rustic yet stylized and hip hangout. The meats and cheeses are interesting and fun to munch on while sipping your favorite wine or beer. The macarons are a delicious treat that must be sampled You will leave with a new appreciation for the finer things in life, but come to realize that the simple things are what makes life fine :)
Puzzling.  That's how I would characterize our visit to Lucas Confectionery.  Constant companion and I arrived on a recent Friday evening as we had read positive reviews of the place.  It was busy but not overly so.  We were greeted promptly and asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside.  Being a lovely evening we said outside.  Surprise- the hostess said well, we don't have any available seats outside.  Hmmm, then why did she even offer it? We were subsequently seated near the front door at an available table.  Calling it a table is a stretch as it wobbled so severely I could not imagine how a glass of wine could have been placed there without a spill.  When I inquired where the restrooms were, I was told there was one unisex stall.  And, of course, there was a long line of people waiting to use that limited facility.  Another puzzle- how could the Troy zoning folks approve a restaurant/wine bar that holds a hundred people or so to have only one stall for staff and customers? The menu kept falling apart from the flimsy clip board within which the individual sheets were placed.  When you turned one page it spilled the others out.  Finally, unlike my expectation of a wine bar being a place you could actually have a conversation, this establishment was very noisy- more like a college bar.  While we were there (about 10 minutes) no server came by to ask us if we were ready to order. Attentive yet puzzling hostess and invisible wait staff.  Interesting dichotomy of experiences. Sadly, we left without ordering a thing. Of course, we were unable to determine if the rest room was clean due to the line.  Oh well. There are many other places to explore in the Capital Region.
Lived in troy all my life and just discovered this little gem.   the atmosphere feels like your in nyc at a cool gathering place...the wine & beer selection is yummy and the cheese boards with amazing breads & Pate is fabulous. all of the staff have been very friendly & quick. LOVE this place!
The Wine Bar is great! It's just what Troy needs. The wine list is amazing and the prices are very reasonable. I love the atmosphere and the bar/seating area is beautiful. The owners are the bartenders are very helpful and attentive. They can make excellent recommendations and I've never been disappointed when I say "surprise me!". The cheese platters are fun, delicious, and a pretty big helping. The hummus is to-die-for and so is the coffee. Great bar, great people!
I removed my initial (1 star post) because I was contacted by both the owner and an employee/manager? I felt they were sincere about working on improving some of their downfalls in service.  I gave them the benefit of the doubt.  So we went back again Thursday night.  Once again we were blatantly ignored by the service staff.  the staff is there but it's as if no one has assigned tables or stations and they are all indifferent about waiting on anyone.  We were not the only people there being outright ignored by staff.  There's a lot of self-righteousness going on where the staff appear to think it's a privilege to get their service unless you are one of their personal friends.  After over 20 minutes attempting to get a server to acknowledge our presence, someone finally came over.  We gave our order for two glasses of wine and the large cheese board.  15 minutes later we get the wine.  20 minutes after we received the wine we ask about the cheese and the server said it would be there soon.  So, over an hour later of crappy service and still no food, we went to the bar to pay for our drinks and cancel the food order because our server was nowhere to be found and our food was still MIA. We decided to exit through the patio and BOOM! There was our server, sitting at a table with a bunch of other people having a chatty old time. We said good night and thank you (obviously not meaning it) and we got a cheery "thank you, enjoy your evening" from our server who was totally oblivious to anything going on. We will never be back.   We've given this place several chances.  Slow, busy, early, late...it doesn't matter.  The  service sucks  unless you manage to get one of the few spots at the tiny bar or unless you are a close personal friend of someone that works there
Great atmosphere whether your looking to hangout with a group of friends or have an intimate conversation.  Great selection and delicious appetizers.
A little escape from life is what you receive when you visit the Lucas Confectionery. Tthey serve a plethora of locally sourced and/or hand selected products you just don't find anywhere else.  The bustle and atmosphere are fantastic,it's relaxing, warm, and inviting. If you are in Troy, stop by, and try your hardest to RELAX, and enjoy this gem.
This may have been the worst service I have ever experienced.  " Troyster Tuesday" seemed like a dream ($1.50 oysters for happy hour).   My group of 4 LOVE oysters and alcohol.  We are also a pretty laid back and an eager to spend money sorta crowd.      We arrived @6 pm and waited an hour for 2 dozen oysters. To make matters worse, our waiter avoided eye contact with us during the standstill forcing us to the bar for drinks.  Another waiter ( who seemed stoned and entitled...weird combo) matter of factly told us that they ran out of oysters and the cook couldn't shuck quickly enough to serve.  Promising...good job waiter, way to evoke confidence!    We finally got our oysters.. They were fine, however we are talking about something raw requiring little prep.  So really, thanks atlantic ocean and oysters themselves.  Yes, I was expecting rotten oysters at this point and was delighted that they were Good.  And the place itself is really interesting and easy on the eyes.  So a big shout out to the 1800s and the cool architecture from that period. Oh, and our primary waiter ended th night with a smarmy joke that insulted my friend.  Like a nasty garnish.  Thanks!  And we paid for that!  Jokes on us. This place could be great.  I wanted it to be.
Beautiful place.  Great cheeses.  We had a great event here.  All worked out smoothly.  Heather is great.
Ambiance? Check. Great wine? Check.  Reasonable prices? Check. Need I go on? And yet I could! So many great things to say about this place. From the vintage china under the small plates and sweets to the lovingly restored and salvaged fixtures of the old candy shop - a true gem. The funky rustic industrial atmosphere is both hip and inviting. The wine selection is comprehensive, but with just enough unknowns to tempt you into trying something out of the ordinary. A good variety of food offered to compliment (not compete) with the wine. All in all, a perfect place to spend an evening. It is the kind of place that you almost don't want to review because you want it to remain a secret - but alas, I think the cat is out of the bag.
I love this winebar, and I love it as an addition to downtown Troy's night-time food&bev venues. Vic (owner) is a cool dude; chill demeanor even when the bar is poppin' busy. I remember opening night; I ate several hand-made chocolate truffles, which are listed on the menu ~$1 each, and are exquisite. Several of the cheese and charcuterie options are sourced from local/regional farms/butchers. Ordering the 'Cheese Monger's Plate (or slate, as the cheese and meat is rustically served on a thin slab of slate)' is a good decision, as it is a cheese and meat 'flight', pre-selected by the staff. The duck salami is delicious. The bresaola is delicious. The decor is modern yet warm. Artistic yet relaxed. Aspects of the old building's original architecture and interior design were tastefully preserved, some played upon to elicit nostalgia. Sometimes, the crowd is so voluminous, to find a stool for sitting is tough. However, I haven't found this deterring. The wine list is solid. Often, prior to my arrival at a winebar, I have already an idea of what I'm in the mood to drink. Never have I been unable to satisfy my desire at CFLC. Also, the ability to taste a wine prior to ordering, as offered by the staff, goes a long way, I believe, with any customer, no matter how seasoned an oenophile one might be. My evenings at the CFLC have always been fun and wonderful. Can't wait for another!
I'd like to start by saying I visit the Lucas Confectionery fairly often. Sometimes I go for the wine, sometimes for the fine beer, and honestly sometimes just for a baked good. I am always happy with the quality of whatever I'm served. The owners take a lot of pride in selecting quality products. It's too hard to mention all the items I like, but I will say that you cannot go wrong with the Speck, Duck Breast, the Castelvetrano Olives or one of the scone specials. The Cheese selection is exceptional, most of them sourced locally, and are severed with a small amount of fruit, honey or something else that brings out the flavor. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, they are very capable of making a good recommendation to pair your selections with, whether it's a wine or a beer. There are times, when the place is very busy, that the service may take a little longer than I might like, but I've never been to a restaurant that isn't somewhat slow when it gets slammed like they do here. But the quality of the offerings always makes it worth waiting a little when it's necessary. The decor is very friendly. With the majority of the work being done by the owners themselves using locally reclaimed/repurposed items. The layout makes for a place where you can enjoy good company or make new friends as the crowd it always very relaxed and friendly. The music selection is very good and played at a volume that is comfortable enough to have a conversation with others. The back patio is exceptional, I'm very glad they have it. Ask about Yappy Hour on Sunday afternoons. I am very glad that Troy has this, it is definitely a big part of Troy's revitalization.
So here's what you should know about "The Confectionery":  The owner's traveled extensively when this place was a pipe dream and visited the finest wine bars in the country.  They took the best of their experiences, threw in many of their own exquisite touches, and created a destination that should be visited by anyone else looking to get into the business.  That's right...if you want to go to the pinnacle of wine bars, I'll see you in Troy!
I sometimes can't believe this place exists, and that it's around the corner from my best friends' apartment. I've never been there and not had a good time. I can't even in good conscience downgrade them because sometimes it's impossible to get a seat... because while that is certainly frustrating, the reason it's so packed is that it's the best. The service is great-- they're attentive without being pushy, and you never feel pressured to get more so they get a better tip. You can get a little taste of everything here-- their wine list is varied with something interesting for every palate, and their food offerings are chosen with care. Whether you get the cheese plate or the macarons, the local truffles or just a glass of something, you'll be treating yourself. And it's very reasonably priced-- even hanging out there for a few hours rarely nets me more than a $40 bill. But really, the charm of the Confectionery is in its atmosphere, which cannot be done justice by words. If you haven't visited, do. You won't regret it.
Ever walk into a restaurant (or bar) and immediately know that it's your kind of place? That's how I feel about the confectionery. It has such a consummately well-executed persona and welcoming atmosphere that it's impossible not to feel like you just walked into your new favorite place. To add to this feeling, the Confectionery looks and feels like no other place in Troy (or any other place I've been in the entire Capital district). It honestly feels like someone pilfered an entire building from Midtown, took about $2 of the menu prices, and sat it down on the corner. The decoration is a classic, brick-walled hip wine bar affair, complete with fancy lightbulb filaments and plates made of slate (if you order cheese, the write what the different kinds are in chalk).  It's all very dim and candle-lit and nice. It has a definite industrial flair to it. I can't tell you a whole lot about the wine, other than that there are a lot of choices, but I can tell you that their beer selection is equally extensive and is fantastic. Seasonal offerings abound, and most recently I had a fantastic "Black & Orange" blend of Left Hand Milk Stout and Southern Tier Pumking. As far as volume, it's hard to stand up to a place with as much craft beer variety as The Ruck, but they keep their list varied and split between imports and domestics, and I can't imagine any beer fan not being able to find something. Unfortunately, they've changed recently from serving most of their beer in Mason jars (which I find rustic and cool) to serving it in wine glasses (which I find tacky and lame). Everything is reasonably priced, too. Also on their menu: Blue Bottle coffee shipped weekly from NYC, and it's goddamn incredible. Try the iced coffee; I think they actually brew it cold over a long time, and the result is a really strong and really wonderful brew. Though I've never ordered tea here, there is a fairly complete selection available. As for food, it's definitely not a place you should go for a meal, but they have a really nice selection of small plates. I highly recommend the hummus (I've gone through about four plates of this between five people; no regrets) and the quinoa salad. I've also had a few different cupcakes (they change all the time) and always enjoyed them. Try some "Nostalgic candies" too, I guess? The one place where the Confectionery falters is service, and this is a big one at a bar. Look, it's a BAR. The vast majority of its reason for existing is to serve beverages made by other people. Service is square one. You absolutely have to get this right. It's really, really slow. I can deal with a little bit of a wait, because it's a bar and it's supposed to be a place to go and be social, but honestly. If I and four or five friends are sitting in the front on a not-that-busy night, we should not be waiting fifteen minutes for our drinks to be brought to the table. It's not like they're cocktails that require execution and numerous ingredients, either; it's just a few glasses of wine and a few beers. Anything more than seven or eight minutes of waiting is ridiculous. Secondly, on more than one occasion I've been served by three or more waiters in one night, which is kind of silly, especially when the waiters are dressed casually. It's really strange to have what appears to be a random bar patron come up and ask you how things are and if he can bring us more water. For what it's worth, every one of them has been really helpful with the menu and very polite and engaging, but it can be remarkably slow. I get the feeling that some of the servers need to take their jobs more seriously-- I see a lot of them spending more time socializing than filling orders. Overall, the Confectionery is a fantastic place and a really wonderful addition to the Troy evening scene. It filled a much-needed niche in a community full of really crappy bars and nightclubs. It's a true diamond in the rough around here, and if you can stand to be more patient than usual, it will become one of your favorite places in the city.
Very talented chef.
IT is a cute place to hang outwit friends. I m not a wine person but their cupcake is delicious! and the smoky pork is amazing! never been to another wine bar thought. BUt i like this place.
Superb selection of Artisan Cheeses and meats.
A very cool place, and I don't really eat meat nor do I like cheese. They have a good beer and wine selection and it's just a nice space in general. It's been getting very crowded and the service can slow down a bit but it's to be expected. Perhaps the perfect "date bar" if you want to impress someone
This venue is hands down the best in Troy. The interior has been magnificently restored, the wine and food selection spans variety from around the globe and the atmosphere is buzzing. I won't say too much more because you need to experience it for yourself.
we are so happy to have you here in troy! i think i can speak for everyone in saying that. the atmosphere is perfect. a little bit of wine and craft beer for everyone. yummy cheese. i'm in love. awesome service as well!
I had been looking forward to this place since sneaking peeks at their reconstruction process through their open door on my walks home. I went for a glass of wine by myself on opening night. I didn't talk to anyone that didn't work there, but I felt comfortable in the crowd. The menu is lengthy and descriptive, with a selection of wines, cheeses, chocolates and a few other things that tell not only just what the item is like, but also where it was made. I ended up ordering two different glasses of wine and two different orders of cheese, which were each served on a slate with some bread and paired with preserves or pickled vegetables. The attention to detail has really paid off. The physical space is comfortable to inhabit. There was a ledge underneath the small window - table top where I could set my coat and bag but still keep them in eyesight. I am in love with the warm glow cast by the vintage style looped filament lightbulbs. Everything fits naturally, as though you were actually visiting a different time in Troy's history rather than visiting a museum of artifacts. I can not say enough good about this place. The menu items are high quality and reasonably priced. It does not disappoint. Friends from out of town have simply looked at the photographs of the space and have been unable to believe that it exists down the street from me.
For a brand new place, they are amazing. We went to a movie at the Spectrum today, followed by lunch at Brown's Brew Pub and thought we would stop for dessert and a drink after, to make the day even better. We were not disappointed at all. This place clearly reflects the passion of the owners to provide a great experience with the drink and food and decor. There are little touches everywhere (you have to visit the washroom!) that make the place really fun. My only complaint is that there are no vegan desserts, which are supplied by Sweet Sue's (sweetsuesweets.com) whose owner I have known since she worked at RPI. Sue is one of the nicest people on the planet, which tells me even more good things about the Lucas Confectionery and Wine Bar. It sounds like they will soon have something for vegans, but for now I am happy drinking some great port and coffee.
I have been to the Confectionery twice and loved it each time. I would give it more stars if possible. First the level of customer service we received was outstanding. The owner is gregarious, generous, and made us feel very welcome when the place was packed. All the staff i have encountered has been attentive and just plain nice.On my first visit I asked for wine recommendations from my waitress and a few moments later the bartender came over with his recommendation and explained what it was and why I might like it. I love that. On our second visit we had the "Monger's Choice", a charcuterie plate with a large selection of cheeses, meats, and accompaniments. It was a great meal for two people. I had one of those Zen moments when the food, wine, atmosphere and company is perfect, and I can't wait to go back and bring friends.
Awesome place, I can not wait to hang out here again.  The only down side I would say is that it does become a little packed.  And because of the size they are only able to have one bathroom... which usually has a line at it.  From what I hear they are working to expand, so that may not be a problem for long.  Very friendly staff.  Awesome atmosphere.  Perfect Friday night dinner of a cheese bored and a bottle of wine.  Extremely vegetarian friendly!  They owners are present too, which I think is part of the reason their customer service is so on point.  I am really glad they are bringing cool places like this into Troy... can not wait to see the grocery store they put in!
This place is definitely a diamond in the rough. I come to Troy monthly to visit my boyfriend and I always request an evening at the Confectionery! The rustic-chic decor sets a relaxed vibe that I thoroughly enjoy. As a lover of both wine and cheese this is the perfect place for me. They have a great cheese selection- the Red Hawk from Cowgirl Creamery is my favorite! It's important to note, however, that fast service isn't necessarily a highlight of this establishment. The owners are delightful people who are happy to chat with you on slower nights, and can be seen busily working on the busy nights. But if you're hoping for quick service, this isn't the place for you on most nights. But if you're happy to sit back (not too far, they mainly have stools!) and relax, then you'll likely be contended. The waitress that we had last night (a Friday night) was charming- she brought us more bread multiple times and always had a smile for us even though she was clearly very busy. In conclusion, I have never been upset by the staff, and since I'm an out-of-towner that clearly isn't because I'm friends with any of the waitstaff ;)
The main problem that needs to be addressed is the service. It is slow and took our server over 15 min to bring our drinks to us.  She never returned to check on us after repeated attempts to gain her attention.  We ended up getting a second round at the bar ourselves and a cheese board. The waitress seemed stunned when we told her we were waiting for refills. Come to find out waitress was sitting at a table BS with friends.  I'm sorry but a thing that also bothered me was the lack of hygiene our waitress had. If she was going to be all natural working in this industry is not for her. Looking at arm pit hair a turn off. Maybe a tank top is inappropriate in this case.
Beautiful decor, great atmosphere, delicious wine and food. Great for a low key evening.
I have made a point of visiting on different days, and trying different beverages and fare each time, so as to get a good feel for the "TOTAL" experience, ...and it is consistently top notch. If you are used to a busy, bustling, energetic crowd enjoying themselves then you will love it. If you are usually more reserved, then you will be pulled into the ambiance and the camaraderie of a very warm and welcoming space. It's not a "bar"...it's not a "restaurant"...it's just your new place ( once you have been).
Coming back to RPI after living in Williamsburg, Brooklyn for the summer was a tough transition, but the Confectionery sure did fill a void. Living around the block, I have witnessed the construction occurring for about a year now. The wait was well worth it. The Confectionery lived up to my full expectations. There is a great selection of wine and beer from independent breweries and vineyards along with delicious cheese, snacks, and sweets. The prices are very reasonable and the staff/owners are extremely welcoming. I highly recommend visiting!
This is an outstanding new tavern developed by a young, energetic, and dedicated young couple, who I was fortunate enough to meet during my first visit. The place has something for everyone. The interior is a casual yet hip space which makes liberal use of exposed brick. They play Blues in the background and the place has an upbeat and hip vibe. There are many food options, from small plates to entrees. The menu is versatile and offers plenty of delicious and vegetarian friendly options (e.g. eggplant caponata, beans, cheese plates....). The craft beer list is carefully constructed. I had a Left Hand Milk Stout, and then a German HefeWeizen with my appetizers. Following this another friend joined us and the group closed with a lovely Titus Cabernet Franc which was extremely fairly priced at $49. This will be a regular spot for me and is in my estimation one of the top spots for drinks, socializing, and casual dining in the entire capital region.
Great place in Troy to stop for a quick coffee/tea, glass of wine, or extended snackies (charcuterie and other nibbles).
I recently discovered the Confectionary after a friend's recommendation.  After going to the bar for a drink and a quick dessert with a group of friends, I am giving this place a five star review as well.  This place is a combination bar, coffee house, bakery, candy shop and appetizer joint located in downtown Troy, but with a rustic look and feel.  Dim ambient lighting sets the mood as you can chat with friends, enjoy a hard apple cider and the peanut butter chocolate cookie cake (scrumptious, I will add).  They also have such menu items, like a cookie flight (like a flight of beer, but with different cookies), which I may need to try the next time I'm here.  Also, while I went to the Confectionary with friends, I will also add that this would be a perfect place to go on a date night.
We had dinner there tonight and shared our anniversary with staff.  This place is awesome and I could not recommend any higher.  This place is special and owners and the people they have chosen to surround themselves with are fantastic.  Left feeling like this place is right.  Thanks Heather, Tony and Vic for the kindness and making us feel great.
It's great to see a place really embrace a true wine bar atmosphere. Didn't think I would ever see it come to the Capital District.  Oh and finally people as excited as I  have always been over charcuterie!!  Bravo!!
Spent New Years Eve here, and we will be back next year. The staff is attentive (even on such a busy night), the food is delish and the owners really care about all their patrons. Heather and Vic welcome each guest into their "home" and take the time to get to know you. The wines varieties are top notch at an impressive price point. Did I mention how gorgeous the space is? We are from the city, and wish we had a Lucas at home! Thank you for the cherished memories, we will see you again!
Truly gorgeous interior, great wine list (with a nice port selection!), friendly knowledgable staff. My new favorite place in Troy.
I have been to the "wine bar", as many call it, 3 times now. I was never overly impressed, but my last experience there made me never want to go back. Perhaps it was a fluke, but it was too absurd to forget. I went with a friend on a weeknight after work. We ordered at the bar - 2 glasses of wine and a plate of 3 cheeses to share. It was fairly busy, but not so much so that we couldn't find a seat. After an hour of waiting for our cheese plate (were they milking the cows themselves???), my friend had to go up to the bar and ask where our order was. Shortly thereafter, our waitress came by and said she heard we were still waiting, and "what exactly was the order again?". Once the order was straightened out, we were informed it would be another 30 minutes. Again. Seriously? Were they on to curing the cheese? Before actually being served our cheese, another waitress came over and told us she was very sorry for the mishap and the cheese would be on the house. We finally got our cheese about 20 minutes later. When the waitress came back with the iPad to charge me for the order, the cheese was on it!!! I never want to make a scene but after all of this, I had to let her know that it was supposed to be comp'ed. She obliged and all was good, but WHAT a hassle of a trip. What I thought would be happy hour took 2 hours and I felt embarrassed at the end. The cheese was good - maybe they made me wait so long so that I would be guaranteed to enjoy it? The atmosphere is very hip - approaching too much if you ask me. I love the reclaimed materials and the idea of the place, but they need better follow through if you ask me.
Fast becoming my favorite night spot in downtown Troy. Excellent & different wine selection, very good service (even better when considering the crowds). Not a place for dinner, but it doesn't pretend to be.
Went last night for the first time and I am already excited to go back (and probably will this weekend) I recently moved here from New York City and I felt like I was in the city again, which is not something that happens frequently up here. I miss New York like crazy, so this was a welcome surprise. Service: Awesome. The bartender was super friendly, super helpful, let us taste wines we were contemplating, and let us choose one of the cheeses for the Mongers Special (5 cheeses, 5 meats, with accompaniments, $25 -- typically the cheese-monger makes the choices, hence the name, but there was one bleu we really wanted to try so he asked that it be included) Wine: Fantastic. I personally love draft wine. I think it is a great way to serve it for a lower price and you get a fresher product that is always at the right temperature.  My boyfriend and I split a half carafe which was poured VERY heavily. I think we got 5 glasses out of it, which is customizing. Food: I mean, it is really hard to fuck up cheese and charcuterie, but their selections and pairings are incredible.  My one very minor complaint is that the cheese and meats were labeled with chalk on the board, and they were hard to read so I wasn't exactly sure what I was eating. But they all tasted amazing.  They serve a bleu with nutella. Amazing. Atmosphere: Perfect. Cozy. Trendy. You get whiffs of the Blue Bottle coffee brewing, the lighting is dark but not too dark. There are plenty of nooks and crannies to feel like you're alone in a crowded bar. Big, big, big fan!
Love the selections of beers and wines, and definitely love the fact that they serve Blue Bottle Coffee from San Francisco. The vibe and atmosphere is chill, friendly, and warm. Vic and Heather were both friendly and welcoming, even offering a shot of espresso on our way out. Check this bar/coffee shop that is definitely the place to be in Troy!!!
Ahhh, love this place.  Inside is rustic and homey. Brings you back to what used to be there and also a glimpse of today. It's small, but quaint inside. They have a variety of 'local' wines and some nicer more worldly wines and great little small plates that come labeled with chalk. So glad that Troy got this little gem. Can't wait to come back!
Went in last night with the parents-in-law. It was perfect. The wine selection was good, the cheeses were delicious as were the fruits/honey that came with them, and it wasn't too loud. I really liked the vibe and will definitely be going back. A little gem in Troy!
My husband and I went last night and if we could, we would have moved right in.  It was exactly what we needed - large wine and beer selection, impeccable small plates, and desserts that were perfect after gorging ourselves on the Monger's Choice.  Do not expect a huge meal because that is not what this place is about, although you will walk away full.   It's about taking your time to try different wines, taste different cheeses and meat selections, and finish with some small bite desserts.  It is the perfect wine bar and in a great location.  I think this place would also do well in downtown Schenectady near Proctor's/Jay Street or Upper Union.  And that would be closer to where we live so we could go more often.   Thank you for a wonderful experience!  Keep up the excellent work!
This place has a very vintage-inspired, trendy feel to it.  I love the idea of "wine on tap" and it's reasonable for students or young working professionals and doesn't break their budget.  Didn't eat any of the food, but it looked tasty.  As others have mentioned, the cucumber-flavored water is a different and fun idea to liven things up. The only reason I give this place a 4 instead of 5 is because of the music playing.  It was WAY too loud.  They had club-like music levels in a wine bar, and it partially ruined the conversation among our 7 person group.  We felt like we had to shout and could only talk to the people next to us.  We were in there on a Tuesday evening, and there were other people, but it certainly wasn't packed by any means, so the volume of others' conversations didn't impact us.  I would suggest lowering the music and finding something a bit more mellow to play to enhance the experience.
Stopped for dessert one night on the way home from dinner and was definitely unimpressed.  Very limited selection of some uninspired items.  Wine pours seemed short for the money and servers didn't really have knowledge of wines available.
First let me say I'm primarily focused on the coffee, since that is what I drink. I've been drinking coffee all my life; I roast and blend my own beans and make my own espresso though my machine is not good. Since coming to school in the area about 2 years ago, I've been trying coffee shops all around the capital region looking for that perfect shot of espresso, and after trying probably 20+ shops (some of the better ones several times), I wound up heading to the Confectionery after work with some co-workers, and I was shocked that the espresso I had there was better than any I'd had in the capital region. Vic is approachable and knows his coffee. They use an old-fashioned manual pump to pull their shots, and the quality is evident. Definitely my favorite espresso in the region, and I'm now making a habit of stopping in there regularly. Don't let the Wine and Cheese fool you, there are great coffee drinks here!
This is definitely a cool place to hang out. I've been here three times and the menu of cheeses and charcuterie is inspiring! The kunik is a brie-like cheese that is to die for, and pairing it with gingersnaps is perfect. The caveman blue is a bleu cheese that is paired with nutella. Who would think to pair those two, but it is brilliant! The salamis were a perfect addition. The wine is also great! We always find something we like. The service lacks a bit, pretty slow, and not totally knowledgeable. The ambiance is different than what we are used to in neighborhood restaurants, which I appreciate - wood and brick and exposed beams. Simple formula, but feels different, inspiring, relaxed. I will definitely be back!
This place is the best!!!!  I heard about it from a friend and decided to go there Thursday night with my boyfriend.  They were open till midnight and the place was hopping with a trendy looking crowd when we got there.  We found a spot at the bar to check out the menus which were unique- nice paper on a clip board, listing their wines, cheeses (YUM), meats, candies, hummus, and beers.  I like the fact that they serve beer, so you can bring your friends that aren't big wine enthusiasts.  The inside of the place is so nice- my boyfriend described it as feeling like you're in an underground wine bar.  Think exposed brick, jars of old fashioned candy lining one of the walls and an overall warm, inviting environment.  The staff were amazingly friendly, one of the waitresses described her favorite cheeses and wines for us and took great care of us when we sat down and met with some friends.  I love the fact that they use IPad's with the cube so you can pay right at the table and you don't have to wait for them to run your card and come back.  This even allows you to have your receipt e-mailed so you don't have to carry a receipt.  The wines were great, cheeses AMAZING (try the one with the black tea rine) and overall we had a great experience.  We'll definitely be going back.
A bit pricey, but totally worth it!
I have found a little slice of heaven in Troy N.Y I cant stress enough how special Victor and Heather are for this amazing place. I ride by the confectionery all the time and the place always has a vibrant crowd. I personaly am a very artistic indivisual who loves great wine food and ambiance galore and after randomly stopping in I am sure this place has it. You never know who you will meet I met some of the most amazing people here including the owners who were inspiring and warm. I am very into positivity and motivation and this place is filled with positive energy. Me and a dear friend Maria had wine (Red Zin) a very unique chesee tray accompanied by jam and honey and sliced bread. The presentation was outstanding and I realy enjoyed trying the diferent types of flavorful cheeses.The Confectionarey is the type of place you read about in a novel where friends get together time and time agian for memories laughs and great wine. I am in love with this Wine Bar because normally one would have to travel to a major city such as NYC to experience this type of environment and these wonderful people have made it possible in Troy NY. I look foward to creating many more memories with you guys and thanks for this wonderful addition to the city of Troy. Love positivity and growth guys!
GREAT place to take a date. One of the best atmospheres in town; the wine is delicious and well-priced, and most importantly for me anyhow, the cheese menu was INCREDIBLE. They make it easy to order, and the pairings were wonderful. We had five different types of cheese and loved each one. Also, the waiters/bartenders were all super nice, as was the owner! Will definitely visit again :)
I went on a Friday night after visiting an opening for a soap shop on River st. I arrived with a friend and her husband.  They had heard about a new wine bar opening, and wanted to check it out, while we were already in the neighborhood.  When we walked in the door we could tell they were pretty packed and weren't sure if we would be able to snag a seat, but we did in less then 10 mins. It is a catch one and keep it seating order, no wait list here. The vibe of patrons was diverse, and had a good buzz of light conversation and faint music in the background, along with a rustic yet trendy surroundings. Which included lit candles, glass candy jars, and white tile surrounding  the bar, recycled materials for the ceiling, wooden tables and some burlap and metal stools. I hadn't eaten lunch nor dinner so was looking for something filling and satisfying. So when I read the grazing type eats, I have to be honest I was a bit worried. Between the three of use we ordered the salami, the savory tarts and the hummus and bread board. It was probably the best and freshest hummus I have ever had, coupled with the salami and fresh crusty bread, it made for a good open faced sandwich. The tart was quiet yummy as well I preferred the spinach, cheese and a sun dried tomato one. I am not much of a drinker but it is true that there is something for everyone here. I ordered a black cherry soda, which was fragrant, flavorful and not too carbonated which was served in a Mason jar. We also ordered water for the table, and was pleasantly surprised to find it was cucumber water. It was crisp and refreshing. It was a nice change from the ordinary lemon water. Our server Heather (who turned out to be one of the Owner's.) Informed us that they change it up sometimes, it may be a pear or apple water as well. With all that was ordered including 3 glasses of wine our bill was only around $53 dollars for the three of us, and I did not leave hungry, and excited to visit again soon! Job well done.... I may have to see what else Troy may have to offer.
If you come troy and don't stop in here, you are making a mistake. I don't drink wine, but they serve my favorite blue bottle coffee! They pull the best shots I have had in Upstate NY. The atmosphere is amazing, you can just sit and lounge forever or make it a stop on your Friday or Saturday night bar crawl.The food is phenomenal and light, I don't feel like a mess afterwards like when you eat at restaurants that could be in "anywhere" USA. If you like hummus, try theirs! You won't be dissappointed. They always have different desserts behind the bar, and even if you just gawk at them they look beautiful, but just for reviews sake I will let you all know, they are to die for.  I come toTroy every weekend to sit, sip, snack, and browse. I needed something like this in the Capital District, and Charles F Lucas Confectionary delivered!
Hopefully this is a temporary 3 star review.  I really hope that a few aspects of this place can improve and I'll gladly upgrade to 5 stars. I went to The Charles F Lucas Confectionery & Wine Bar for the first time last night, after hearing great things about it from my roommate. As a Troy lifer, this certainly is a great addition to the ever growing and improving atmosphere. As a wine enthusiast, I'm very excited to have this down the street.       Atmosphere/functionality.  5 stars on the ambience and interior decorating.  Love the industrial look.  Very cool seating options, when you can get a seat.  Limited by the physical layout of the room, it can be a maze in there when busy.  At 6:30, it was a full house.  We were greeted when we came in and gave our name to wait for a table and were directed to the bar.  Another employee went through the same steps of taking our name and directing us inward.  Seemingly a lack of communication between staff.  At the bar there were no seats, and no seats elsewhere, so we felt a bit lost, and weren't guided by anyone for a temporary spot.  I made my way to the bar and the original person that had greeted us was there and realized we hadn't been given a menu.  The menus are sheets of paper on a clipboard.  A cool idea, but difficult to look through when standing in the middle of the crowded room.  We also realized between me and my girlfriend, we had different sheets and were each missing some. We ordered a bottle of wine and the monger's special (see below).  Again we just floated until we saw a couple getting up from a high table near the front of the upper level.  We asked one of the employees if we could have that table, but were told it was a 4 person table and would have to be saved for a group of 4.  A little off putting since it was only occupied by 2 people at the time, and we would be left to stand around, incase a larger group came in at some point.  In the mean time we were given our bottle of wine and 2 glasses.  Luckily a booth opened up in the back and we were able to sit.  At this point we the server asked if we were going to order drinks or food.  Obviously we had our wine, but we informed him we still hadn't gotten out cheese board.  He said he would keep an eye out for it.  A new server came over after we were joined by a friend at our booth.  Again we told her we hadn't gotten our cheese and she said she would look into it.  It finally came, about 50 minutes after ordering it.  Although it was very busy, it seemed more forgotten about than under construction.  After that our waitress was attentive and helpful, confirming that you can easily get lost in the crowd if you aren't in an official seat with a server.       Wine. I'm looking forward to a changing and eclectic wine list.  Wine on tap is a great thing. My girlfriend had the malbec, and enjoyed it very much.  We initially ordered a bottle of the Seghesio Berbera d'Alba. This seemed like a good choice considering by the glass this wine was $10 and only $32 for the bottle.  The glasses I saw being served looked a little light on the poor, so probably would get 5-6 glasses out of a bottle by their standard. I found this wine a little astringent and short on the finish.  It turned out to be a 2011, and perhaps a little young in the bottle.  The vintage year wasn't listed on the menu, and I may have skipped this one if I knew it was that young.  My gf was not a fan at all, which is why she ended up with the malbec. Our friend also tried it and wasn't impressed.  At $32/bottle it was a fair price considering the normal markup (it's about a $15 bottle at the store), however $10/glass would have been very overpriced and disappointing for the quality. Following this bottle, I was looking to try a glass from the tap and although in general I don't go for US Zins, I tried the one they had on the menu.  I honestly can't give an opinion on this wine because it was served at such a frigid temperature.  I don't know if that is their usual serving temp or if this was just opened after being stored in colder temps, but it had no flavor because of this.  My friend confirmed that his tempranillo was also far too cold.  It was colder than champagne is usually served, really doing an injustice to a red wine that may have otherwise been a winner.  Overall the temp on wines needs to be regulated, the vintage should be on the menu, by the glass prices should be re-evaluated.              Cheese/food.  We had the monger's choice. Very good cheeses with excellent pairings of meats and fruit spreads.  Only complaint was the chalk writing was illegible, so we don't know what we were eating.  Also, there should be more normal choices of food/deserts for those of us that aren't vegan or gluten free.  This may have been why the brownie and macaron weren't very good.         Overall I will definitely return and recommend to friends.  If service issues and logistics of food/wine are fixed, this will be my go to spot.
First visit tonight will not be the last. Service, food and atmosphere were all fantastic. There were no negatives to report.
Had our first visit last night to celebrate a birthday with family.  Enjoyed the cozy atmosphere and truly loved tasting different wines to decide what to have for the evening.  Great service from our wine consultant!  We had a bottle of red and a bottle of white and paired them with the cheese and Charcuterie and the hummus plate.  Both were great and somewhat novel too!  Loved the slate serving board - just need the writing to be a little more clear so we can learn what we are eating.  A nice addition to the area and a truly terrific evening!
Excellent addition to the region and to Troy. Great decor. Excellent service. Reasonable prices. Good wine selection and amazing cheese and charcuterie selections. Adult crowd. Very friendly, sincere owner. See you there.
I have been to this little gem on many occasions. Great atmosphere and food. Good selection of wine and beer. But there is a couple of improvements that must be made in my opinion. First off..portion control. I always get the 5 for 20, yet every time the portions are sometimes huge enough for 2 people, and then times where it barely fills one person. On of my my visits, I was served a room temp Reisling, which  was not ideal. I usually stop in every now and then and grab a Cappuccino, after ordering I was presented with a paper cup that was half filled. I had previously always received a full cup of goodness. When I asked why I received only less than half a cup, thinking it was a mistake, I was approached with the answer that is how we always do our cappuccinos. I was able to finish it in less than 4 sips. Besides the consistency in portions this place is great, but please don't insult my intelligence with excuses for 3 shots worth of Cappuccino at full price.
