Drove here on the way to Vermont and I must say this place is a surprise. Not only were the employees pleasant but the sandwiches were awesome! I ordered the pastrami on rye (toasted -- which I recommend) and it was amazing. The pastrami was fall apart, melt in your mouth, goodness; and the bread held onto its crunch the whole time. The service there makes you feel as if you are a regular. Definitely worth the stop/small detour on our trip.
Carluccio's is operated by a couple of friendly young guys who have put together a menu of specialty subs and sandwiches which come with a cup of cole slaw and a pickle for $8.95. To give you an idea, the All American Hero include a breaded chicken cutlet, slow roasted pork and American cheese, dressed with roasted garlic mayo and served on an italian roll. I am familiar with that particular item because a customer ordered it while I was in the shop and was complimented for choosing the best thing on the menu. I, however, had to go for the Italian mix as I always do my first time in a sub place and it was only average. They use Boar's Head meats which aren't particularly flavorful, and dress with their own vinaigrette which is balsamic and short on salt. You can get sliced cherry peppers if you want heat, but that's a brutal $1.75 up charge. So, this sandwich ends up as a high A-OK, but I'm bumping it to four stars for the pleasure of eating in the parking lot and watching the ducklings and goslings enjoying the signs of possible spring in the stream that runs by.
Passed by here on my way to lake placid. Had the thin pig Philly. Amazing sandwich with all the juices soaking in perfect ratio to the bread, the texture of a Philly cheese steak with the slow pork sweetness. My friend had the calabrese connection, the marinara sauce packed a perfect garlic and basil punch.
It's great to have a real authentic Italian deli in Troy, NY! The Italian meats, breads, homemade mozzarella every Saturday (which always sells out!), Italian salads, soups and sandwiches--Carluccio's is legit. My favorite is the Italian Cuban, if you like spicy this is a must try here. My husband is in here weekly ordering the chicken scamorzza sandwich which he begs Carlo what his secret is to having a perfect breaded chicken cutlet EVERY TIME-- but secret still remains!! :-) Catering too! We recently hired Carluccio's to cater our New Year's Eve celebration with friends. Not only is it the biggest bang for your buck, the food is down right amazing. We ordered a full tray of chicken parm, half tray baked ziti and a large antipasto (the balsamic dressing is to die for!!!) which was plenty of food for 15 people. I am rating 5 stars because I have never been disappointed with anything from Carluccio's, service included.
All American Hero. Breaded chicken cutlet, slow roasted pork and fresh bacon topped with American cheese and roasted garlic mayo served on an Italian ciabatta roll. It doesn't look pretty but this is an amazing hot sub. A quality, juicy breaded Chicken cutlet, house cooked pork, bacon, real American cheese and garlic mayo...Amazing! I did add some hot sauce when I got it home. This is the place for juicy, meaty, hot subs! *UPDATE* Their Thursday night Eggplant Parmesan meal to go, for less then $10 and can easily feed more people then advertised, is AMAZING!  One of the best eggplant parm dishes I've had, even compared to meals in local. Italian restaurants.
Amazing sandwiches! I'm eating mine as I write this, it was just so good I had to get on here. I got the Big Thin Philly and I was not disappointed. Each bite is a punch of flavors. The meat is juicy and the mushrooms and onions cooked just right. The bread is soft and chewy but not too much (no gnawing here!). I came during the busy lunch hour and was impressed with how quickly service went. I think I only waited about 5 minutes, maybe a bit more, but time went by quickly. The owner was very friendly, engaging, and genuinely seemed to be enjoying his job which really adds to the experience. People say it's a bit pricey with the total with tax coming to around $9 but you get your money's worth. Say good bye to crappy $5 subs and others (Dibellas) and try out Carluccio's. I would definitely come here again. I hope this place stays.
Carluccio's Italian Delicatessen opened this week in the former Centanni's Market/Barna's Superette space located on lower Campbell Ave. The place is order at the counter with food prep and grill area behind the counter and there are several tables for eating in. This Italian deli serves up a good variety of made to order specialty sandwiches and subs (hot & cold), homemade salads, specialty salads, homemade desserts, bagged chips, and cold drinks. They feature Boars Head meats and fine Italian specialties. The prices here seem fair, small sandwiches $5-$5.95, large sandwiches $7.25-$8.50 and most specialty sandwiches (with cole slaw & pickle) and specialty salads are $8.95. I stopped in here for lunch after my several of my friends highly recommended Carluccio's. I drove in from NH just to try the food here. As soon as I walked in the front door, the owner Carlo greeted me and asked how I was doing and how my sister (a TV chef) was doing. I went to the same high school as Carlo (graduated different years) and I actually worked with him at another restaurant many years ago, where he ran the front of the house and I was in the kitchen. Since it was difficult for me to decide which sandwich I wanted to order, I asked Carlo for a sandwich recommendation and he recommended the Thin Pig Philly ($8.95 plus tax) with cole slaw and pickle spear. I watched my food being freshly made and cooked to order on the grill. The Thin Pig Philly was really BIG, which had generous amounts of juicy and moist tender lean slow roasted pork shoulder with stewed onions & peppers, topped with marinara sauce, melted mozzarella cheese on a soft foot long toasted garlic roll. Though a bit messy to eat from being loaded, the sandwich was absolutely delicious and filling! I don't mind paying extra for higher quality ingredients. I could only eat half of it for lunch (saving the rest for later). The cole slaw was creamy and sweet. I am very glad I found an Italian deli in my old hood that makes a great sandwich! Best of luck to Carlo on his new Italian deli, which I'm sure is going to do very well! CLOSED on Sundays
I went in for the Thin Pig Philly but instead got the daily special.  Pork Triple Threat Rueben.  It was amazing with pork belly, pork shoulder and bacon topped with saurkraut, russian dressing and swiss cheese.  I am looking forward to returning!
Carluccios just opened this past week and I have gone on two occasions thus far and have loved what I have had both times! I have lived within a short distance of this location my entire life and have seen and tried many of the various businesses that have found their way to this location in the past, and am very pleased with this new deli. My first trip I tried just a sampling of some of the pasta, mac, and potato salads to go as side dishes to a dinner I was having at my house that night. The cheese tortellini salad has a nice freshness to it that goes great for this time of year, and I plan on enjoying it throughout the summer season. The potato salad has a nice dijon bite to it - I would have preferred a bit more pepper - but thats personal taste, overall the flavor was nice. The mac salad is where its at though! This just has so many different notes of flavor - its got some bite to it, some creaminess, good texture and is all around delicious! Today though, I decided to try out some of the sandwich offerings. I had been pondering the selections all week after I got a hold of the menus the other day, and finally came to the decision that I wanted the Big Slim Philly, and the other person with our group ordered the Round Cow. The Philly has a ton of meat - juicy and succulent. And if you are like me - you eat just a half of the foot long and save half for later because there is plenty leftover! Next time I will ask for a bit more cheese because my provolone was a bit overshadowed by all the other goodness of the peppers, onions and meat, but thats not to say its a bad thing - they are all good ingredients - I just happen to be a really big cheese lover. The Round Cow - my oh my! This one is a real winner! Meatball subs are a sub I typically find quite boring - but this is a meatball sub with a new bit of flare. On this meatball sub - theres some delicious, fresh, hot peppers. I was not expecting this spicy bite at all and it was so new and refreshing. I love a new twist on old classics - and this delivered! Also, on Saturdays - Carluccios offers fresh mozzarella balls - trust me - get the mozzarella ball! We made a fresh caprese salad with ours tonight and it is so tangy, smooth, creamy, succulent (insert any other word for delicious you can think of)!
After hearing many good things about this place gave it a try. Had the Big Slim Philly. Big sub stuffed with delicious shaved steak with just enough cheese, peppers, and onions to bring it all together-great roll also. Comes with coleslaw that was also pretty good although hard to finish as I was already stuffed. Definitely will be back.
Oh my gosh SO good!!! The bread for the sandwiches was awesome. I got the italian mix with banana peppers and it was so yummy. Cannolis are DELICIOUS!  The two guys who work there are very friendly and hard working. I really can't wait to go back and try the other food. The pastas looked amazing. I HIGHLY recommend Carluccio's! You will not be disappointed!
OMG!!! Best damn SUBS around! Carlo is the man! Had Southern Cow Philly, All American Hero and The Round Cow... They Melt in your mouth!!!!
I was in Troy for a track meet and needed to feed my team of 40 athletes. Not only was Carlo the owner extremely flexible and even made some accommodations for some of our athletes he was also very affordable.  We got three meals over 2 days lunch consisted of sandwiches and salads that were all of the highest quality. Our dinner consisted of baked ziti, chicken pram, grilled chicken, salad and rolls.  It was all incredible and I didn't receive one complaint from any of the athletes.  Food was always on time and hot.   Anytime I am in the area I will be stopping in or ordering food for our team.
Got the Thin Pig Philly. Great sandwich.
This place is amazing. I had a big slim philly and my wife had one of the chicken speciality sandwiches. The owner, Carlo, was very friendly and makes delicious sandwiches. His "footlong" rolls are 16 inches. We both loved our food and will be going back again.
I have eaten here twice since it opened. I was excited to see that the owner includes typical deli offerings in conjunction with some unique sandwiches and homemade salads. The macaroni salad was delicious but can't top the Caesar Salad as my favorite. Perfectly grilled chicken on top of fresh lettuce with chunky homemade garlic croutons and shaved asiago cheese. I've tasted a few traditional cold sandwiches. The meat is good quality and the sampling of breads they offer has been fresh. But the hot sandwiches are amazing. I recommend the Calabrese Connection. Looking forward to many more visits since its right around the corner.
Today was my first time in there and will definitely be back! The Italian Cuban was one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten! I can't wait to try out more of there sandwiches. The food was super fresh and served up by the owner. Not only was he smiling but made sure he introduced himself. Good service and good food is a win win in my book. Make sure you check out this place if you are near the HVCC area!
