Iron Horse Saloon is the kind of biker bar that makes my heart rev up when I think about going there every year for Biketoberfest and Bike Week. While it's just a small bar most of the year, during events they open the gates to a Willy Wonka sized biker heaven. Acres of hog heaven, including a burnout pit, school bus converted bar in the sky, t-shirt shop, tattoo shop, stage, and even a campground, await you. So, stop by and get some rubber in your hair while watching two guys duel it out in the burnout pit, then grab a beer and people watch till your eyes glaze over!
I stopped by here on my way to Destination Daytona for a quick cold one. Parking can be challenging when you come in your car, Bike parking seems to be easy. This place is approx. 15-20 minutes outside of Daytona and the traffic always gets jammed up in front of it during Bike Week. Other than that it is just OK for me, but I will still come back to stop and fill up for a cold one.
This place gets insane during the biker events! Been going there for years growing up in Ormond Beach. So much going on! So much character! Never seen another place like it.
Also World Famous Tropical Tattoo has a shop in the back where you can get a tattoo during an event that is in a clean and sterile environment. The people that run and work at the Iron Horse are awesome. A fun place to go anytime.
This is a must see during Bikeweek.
I don't know how this place is during the "off season", but we just went  a couple days in a row during Biketoberfest, and it was awesome!  I mean there's so much going on!  Awesome bands, the Wall Of Death, Burnout Pit, several alcohol booths, merchandise vendors, tattoos.  Plus all the upper deck area where you can overlook everything is so cool.  It was just party central man.  Then they had a bar on the upper deck that was made out of an old short bus.  You could buy a big Biketoberfest plastic mug (with a lid) and then everyday from 4-5 you can get all the free beer you can drink.  Then you can even bring it back for years to come and get free beer too!  I saw guys gettin' filled up with cups from like '02!
I love this place. They had something different this Biketoberfest. Bar stools outside on  the deck area. What a nice touch. The bands were good. The beer was cold. What else could you ask for?
