Hubs and I stopped in a few months ago after the wait at JB's Fish Camp was more than an hour. THANK GOD WE FOUND THIS PLACE. The name was a little misleading at first, b/c we don't eat any shellfish, and we assumed it was all crab. But after seeing multiple reviews raving about the mahi tacos, we decided to give it a shot. OMG THESE TACOS. The mahi is cooked perfectly and the topping is fresh and delicious. Perfect meal to finish off a hot day at the beach. The chips served on the side are mad addictive. Unlike any tortilla chips I've ever had. We got the fried pickles this time around and I think I ate like 30 of them. Amazing. What really bowls me over is the lemonade. Oh man. You don't even know. I struggle to find really good, refreshing lemonade that is actually somewhat sour. Chik-Fil-A's lemonade is way too sweet and I almost always end up disappointed. Not here. The large is nowhere near large enough. Next time, I will have to order a vat of the lemonade. It's that good. Just the right amount of tang. Outside seating would normally scare me away during a hot August day, but it is fine under the umbrellas with the misters going. I hope they eventually put some shade over the smaller tables. We showed up late afternoon on a Saturday and there was only one large table left that had shade. The only bad thing about this place is that it's in New Smyrna and not my backyard. New NSB staple!
Highly recommend if your in a laid back kind of mood but want good food served with a smile seek out Crabby Chris. The food is fresh and the girls behind the counter were well informed and super friendly Even though the only seating is outside there are water mists and tiki umbrellas to keep you cool along with nice laid back tunes.  The eating area was very clean as was the restroom I had the Mahi taco and my husband had the Californian crab cake both were very good. Cook perfect seasoned well with a side of homemade chips They even gave my puppy a water bowl and a cute little dog bone snack. Who could ask for more We will be back for sure
Great food & great amount of food for the price!  If this place was on the beach, there wouldn't be an empty seat!  Love this hidden gem! Try the blackened mahi tacos, they are delish!
We decided to go here because we heard the fish tacos were amazing. We asked the cashier/waitress what she recommended, so ordered crab cake sandwich and maui maui fish tacos. This restaurant is outside eating only with complimentary bug spray. They also had water misters attached to lighting above the seating area. Mahi tacos were amazing, but the crab cake sandwich was dry. LOVED the flauta chips! We would go there again!
Well I had looked forward to stopping here for a month and finally has the opportunity for lunch in the afternoon this week Had a crab cake and the fish tacos (maybe I should have ordered the Mahi?) My issues? The crab cake I had was almost all filler, very little crab... And the fish tacos I actually opened up and there was very very very little fish? I wanted to like it, but was so disappointed maybe I caught them on an afternoon where they hadn't received a delivery yet ? For the price I expected a lot more ....was very disappointed ... Giving it 2 stars instead of 1 as I'm hoping I just had an unusually bad experience based on all the other reviews I read...
Ordered the Marilyn crab cakes. Awesome as usual. Got an order of mahi tacos, they were great. The crab and shrimp tacos were good to just a little soggy. The Cali burger and fries was pretty good. Atmosphere was friggin hot. Only outdoor seating and the flies are extremely bothersome. But the foods great so we will always come back.
My wife found this restaurant on trip advisor. After a beautiful day on the beach in New Smyrna, we headed to Crabby Chris'.  The big draw was his award winning crab cakes. My wife had the carribean crab cake sandwich and she says it was the best she's ever had. I had the mahi tacos and they were fresh and delicious. The wait staff was nice and very attentive. They have cute tiki umbrellas with picnic tables where even in the summer heat-its a nice way to cool off and relax with Bob Marley playing in the background. We finished off our lunch with Key Lime Pie on a stick-it brought us back to vacations in the Keys! So refreshing and good. We will definitely be coming back. BTW all of Chris' seafood is brought in fresh daily every morning by the fishermen, and all of his produce is local. That is always a plus in my book!
Best crab cakes in FL hands down!!!! The "Southern" crab cake sandwich is fantastic from the home made flauta style chips to the huge chunks of crab fried to perfection and layed atop a perfectly toasted bun with a halo of garlic slaw and custom sauce.
Color me impressed with the attention to detail at Crabby Chris. The menu here gave me a bit of a shock; authentic crab-based recipes including my choice (the most expensive option)--Maryland Crab Cakes ($17) served on a bed of lettuce with pita chips and cole slaw--the only non-sandwich crab option so far as I could tell. The all-meat cake was so delicious spiced simply that I passed on the tasty sauce that came with it (finger test proved it was all that in its own right--paprika?). I have noted elsewhere that New Smyrna is a haven for cole slaw and the slaw at this place just went to the top of my list (awesome slaw, Chris!). I like cabbage. Additional Kudos for having fresh-squeezed lemonade, which is always a plus. The chocolate-dipped pie is something I'll try later (they were out for the day so I didn't have to say "no"). I watched them make a few burgers and they seem to know what they're doing. Outdoor dining only.
We're from Palm Beach and we eat seafood at least once a week. Our go to in South FL is the Old Key Lime House, which I thought had the best crab cakes around. Let me tell you- Crabby Chris has got it going on. The crab cakes are the best I've had, and I've had lots. The lobster tacos are to die for. And the mahi tacos were delicious. The food is super fresh and the staff is really friendly. I've got to say I also love the atmosphere- the reggae music, the out door seating, it's great. We went twice on our weekend trip up to New Smyrna Beach where we stayed for the Rolex 24 at Daytona, and we hit this spot 2 of the 3 days, it's that good. The second time we went, I had the opportunity to speak with the owner and he mentioned that all the seafood is locally caught and prepared fresh daily, and I don't doubt it for a minute. If you're in New Smyrna or Daytona, check these guys out. They're doing it right.
They deliver meals to your home. On Sunday they will text you or email you your choice of a menu for Tuesday through Thursday. I am hooked and may need therapy. Each meal has been amazing inventive and delicious. If you need a break from cooking call them soon you will not be disappointed.
This place is my favorite!  It's fresh.  Love the specials.  My mouth waters over every menu item it seems from the BBQ to the fish.  And pita chips!  Tasty variety.
Everything was so fresh and delicious!  I got the Caribbean crab cake sandwich and the Mahi tacos and had a foodgasm!
Great spot for lunch after the beach! Crab cake sandwiches are excellent. Fun atmosphere and great staff
I was surprised at how good this place was. The crab guacamole dip and fresh chips were fantastic. I had the Shrimp and lobster tacos and my wife had the blackend mahi. The service was top notch. Even though the seating is outdoors you would swear you were in a fancy resturant when the food is presented. I found out the are pet friendly so next time the pup goes with me cause I will definetly go back.
Fantastic food. I love the shrimp tacos. The enchiladas and shrimp pasta are also delicious. They deliver three days a week, family style meals at a great price. The service is excellent. Cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.
OK, what's not to love about this place.....Reggae music, outdoor seating & some really awesome food. We found Crabby Chris through their food truck about a year ago and were super excited when we found out they have a permanent location close to home in New Smyrna. Everything we've ate at Crabby Chris has been excellent! My absolute fav though would be their lobster tacos, lobster mac & cheese, cajun potato salad & the strawberry lemonade. I swear, I dream about the strawberry lemonade! We've also had (and loved) their original crab cake sandwich and a recent special, thai shrimp tacos. They also have fresh tortilla chips sitting at the bottom of the food boat which are easily missed if you don't look under the foil, but don't miss them, they are so yummy. Be sure to like them on Facebook so you can keep up with their specials. Keep making awesome food, you guys rock!
Very fresh and very friendly. The mahi fish tacos were excellent. The guacamole and chips were each individually great. Homemade chips were superb. Very reasonable beer prices. Small crowd at the roadside location, far enough from traffic to not be annoying. Prices are not super low, but the quality is higher than in most dine in restaurants where you'd pay at least triple. Worth it.
Awesome food.  Very clean.  We went from all the yelp reviews & were glad we did! Their fish is very fresh & everything is prepared to order so if you have special requests they are very good to meet those. We will be returning next time we are here!
Delicious, affordable, great atmosphere for Florida's (mostly) sunny days. I have had the coconut shrimp and the tortuga burrito from Crabby Chris, both incredibly delicious and fresh. The homemade chips are also wonderful, much better than the not-so-homemade chips down the street at Taco Shack. Getting to listen to Bob Marley tunes while I eat or wait for my pick up order is an added bonus! Highly recommended.
We are from Wisconsin, so naturally we were looking for a good fish place for lunch. We saw the great reviews on Yelp so we decided to give it a try. The fish tacos were really good and my boyfriend really enjoyed the coconut shrimp. I thought the fried chips were a great touch to the meal. We have no complaints about the food at all. The only thing we didn't care for was the customer service. It started off fine, we were greeted fine, but I found it odd that they give you the option to add tip directly after purchasing. While it's convenient, it's weird to tip on a service you haven't yet received. Don't get me wrong, I'm more than happy to tip for great service, but our waitress forgot about our Italian ice, which normally wouldn't bother me much had they been busy, but we were the only ones there (it was a little past 11am). Then when we went up to ask about it, she said "oh, you still wanted that?". Kind of weird question, considering we paid for it already, so yes, we did. However, overall the food will be what will bring us back next time, and hopefully bring a more positive updated review! (:
Place is awesome.. We had the ceviche, crab dip, blackened mahi burrito, and blackened mahi tacos.  Everything was fresh tasting and delish!!
White fish taco is awesome. Chips are killer and the crab cake sandwich is out of this world.
Great food! Fresh ingredients! Good prices. I guess dynamite really does come in small packages. The crab cakes rock and the tacos are phenomenal (especially the lobster). Outdoor seating so the comfort level varies. This place is a must try.
Ate here tonight with another couple and our two little ones. Shared the crab cakes and mahi tacos and each were equally delicious!! The hubby had the coconut shrimp and said it was the best he's had in a very long time. Loved the outdoor seating and atmosphere. Planning to visit again!!
Solid food nice people. Was traveling through the area found their reviews on yelp. Great crab cakes and Mahi tacos. Really helpful suggestions. Would definitely recommend. The food will speak for itself.
First of all, the service is great! We pulled up in pouring rain to see the menu board and one of the staffers ran one out to us. Very nice. We just got an appetizer but it was delicious - warm crab dip. It was full of big chucks of crab and the homemade chips were amazing. Highly recommended!
Fish tacos are the best!! Homemade chips are amazing on their own. Great date night spot.
Pros: California crab cake sandwich and shrimp tacos were fresh and flavorful. We ordered with sides of housemade chips (reminiscent of wontons) and white rice/black bean combo. There is a more pure and expensive version of crab cake that can be ordered (they told us what we ordered had some filler), but ours still had good flavor. Food was filling, service was nice and atmosphere was perfect for a beach day. Cons: They use styrofoam containers for takeout. Though we didn't order to go, our food was served in to-go containers. Overall: Highly recommend.
Good seafood, fun atmosphere, reggae music playing...what more could I ask for?
Mahi tacos with a side of black beans, cilantro rice and an ice cold beer are the perfect combination. Only wish they had an ocean view while I enjoyed my meal. I will definitely be back. Really good!
Amazing crab cake sandwich!  Mahi tacos were excellent also. Loved the atmosphere. Will come back to eat here often.
One of those perfect places to find on vacation.  When we went, we got there late after the place had been slammed all day.  We talked to Chris and got his suggestions.  The fish tacos were extremely fresh tasting and very good.  I couldn't decide which crab cakes to get and he offered to put together a "sampler" of all 3.  Excellent.  The fried pickles were above average and my son loved his Shipwreck burrito.  Washed is all down with a cold yeungling.  Great stop.
This is a great little place to hit up after the beach, the food is amazing. I got the tortuga burrito. It was the perfect size and delicious.
Stopped in for lunch wasn't very busy hopefully the locals will appreciate this place and keep them going. We had the crab and corn chowder to start your going to have to work hard find any better around here. Then came the fish tacos really fresh tasting and light it was a perfect combination we both enjoyed every bite and will be back to try the other items. I am really interested in the BBQ not a lot of good smoked BBQ around here just my opinion. The service was great I would like to know if there are plans to provide a little shelter when the weather turns this food is something you want to enjoy immediately if you live close it may be okay good luck guys very nicely done
Local. Authentic. Delicious. You order at the window, and when your food is ready, they bring it to your picnic table. The food is great. I had the Mahi fish tacos. All the tacos come as a half order or a full order. A half order is one taco, a full order is two tacos. I got the half order, because those homemade chips all the Yelpers rave about, come as a side. A half order was plenty for me, but if you're starving you'll want the full order. Their food is made from scratch, with love. No cans from Sysco laying around this place! Chris, the owner, came out to all the tables the evening I was there to make sure everything was to our liking. He's a former landscaper, and this is his first restaurant! He shared his ideas for expanding to an indoor space across the street, to accommodate guests in winter. Crabby Chris's is killing it in NSB. Stop in. You won't be sorry. PS The best Dairy Queen in Florida is just down the street. Save room for dessert.
This was an unplanned lunch. We got off I-95 and were looking for something that was local. Not the same old fast food. Opened the yelp app and looked for something close with 4 or 5 stars. Great choice. It is a funky cool place with amazing food. Super shrimp and fish tacos. The guacamole was so yummy and fresh. The staff were super nice and the food was excellent and fresh.
Yummm great casual outdoor dining! Everything was super fresh and tasty.  The Mahi fish tacos were great!
Great little place for lunch. California crab cake sandwich was fantastic. Fried pickles were good too. Mahi mahi sandwich was fresh and flaky. This is a little gem and will come back.
incredible food. Great staff. Reggae Music. And tiki umbrellas. Weekday else could you ask for. The Mahi tacos and crab cake burgerare recommend ed.  Try this place. Fast and yummy
Stopped in 15 minutes before closing on Friday nite, I ordered the original crab cake sandwich and the wife ordered the scallywag burrito. Girl at counter was very pleasant and told us she would bring us our food to the car, as we were getting it to go. Didn't expect much at that late hour but boy were we surprised! The wife devoured the scallywag raving over the tender chicken, great seasoning and the fresh cilantro. My crab cake sandwich was the best I've had in quite a while. PIta chips as sides was a nice change from the usual fries or chips. Will definately be back to try more!
A great new place in town I can't wait to have it again !!! Try the crab to die for and the owner is a great guy too
Was looking for something different with my wife. We decided to try crab shack. I am glad we did. It was a beautiful evening. sitting outside was very enjoyable. Everything was hot and delicious. They even gave a free side to sample. Would definitely go again.
Great place to sit outside and watch route 1 traffic go buy.  Fish tacos were good.  Surprised they had brisket, and it was above average!  Looking forward to going back and trying crab menu stuff.  Good kids menu.
Fantastic mahi-mahi tacos! Delicious, fresh cilantro, fresh fish, great sauce, ripe tomatoes. Cajun potato salad was great too, and clam chowder had fresh bacon and lots of clams. Quality all the way through and nice attention to detail with the innovative way the tacos were served! Cool ipad & square cash register. Loved the breezy patio with fans + misters, citronella tikis. We'll be coming back :-)
Great place to eat from to sit out side and enjoy the air.. Fresh food and a lot of different options for a reasonable price !!!
Delicious food always comes out of this kitchen! From pork tacos, grilled chicken quesadillas, lobster mac & cheese, Mahi fish tacos, guacamole, pico and their fabulous homemade chips...you cannot go wrong!  Highly recommend!
Super good food, creative and a good amount of choices! Higher priced than taco shack though, I think that ultimately hurts crab shack. A solution to this is having daily specials or a locals affordable choice. Ill go back.
Best food in new smyrna...no question..
Highly recommended! Great food, great service, and great experience. Excellent Cuban sandwich and mahi mahi fish tacos. This is a definite must!
My husband and I went to Crabby Chris' Crab Shack for lunch today and tried the fish tacos and shrimp tacos. Both were delicious and the homemade guacamole was amazing. The staff went above and beyond expectations and were super friendly. If we are ever in NSB again we will be sure to stop by!
Very disappointed! For all you Workaholics fans, my experience here was "Super Loose Butt Hole". We arrived and ordered quickly and the girl who took our order was very friendly. It only took around 10m to get our food. I had the lobster tacos which based on the previous reviews I expected an orgy of flavors...however I was greeted with a rather unfortunate "Meh". For $12 I expected a tad bit more. I also ordered some fries and they never came, however, my cherry-limeade was on point. My daughter got a "custom kids Meal" which ended up being like 5 small shrimp on a bed of fries for a few dollars more than the advertised price. My wife got a salad that looked like it came from a week old Publix bag and came with this lovely polished turd of a crab cake. It was burnt on the outside which I didn't really mind, and after her complaints to me, I was "lucky" enough to try it. This beaut' had the consistency of cat food and was STUPID SPICY! Now I just got out of the Marine Corps, so I will eat damn near anything, but this? No thank you! Unlike my wife, I am willing to give this place another chance in hopes that it was just an "off night".
The staff is friendly & the food arrived quickly. However, the food is far from delicious. I got a "crab cake" salad tonight & did not expect to get an overpriced and heavily fried pâté of cat food with a kick. I will not be coming back here.
Wish that we had eaten here earlier in the week because we would have definitely gone back to eat here again.  It was the best fish (Mahi) tacos that I had all week.  Beautifully seasoned fish!!  Loved them!  We also had the frozen peanut butter pie and key lime pie dipped in chocolate.  Both great but my favorite was the key lime one.  Even took my kids there later the same day so that they could try the frozen chocolate dipped slice of pie.  It is very casual.  You eat at picnic tables.  Hope that we get to go back to New Smyrna Beach so we can eat at Crabby Chris Crab Shack again!
I am addicted!  Hate to write a review as want to keep my secret but have to share since SO darn good!  FRESH mahi, best fish tacos, FRESH and good ingredients all made with love by Chris or his awesome staff!  I customize my favorites and never disappoints, did I say I am addicted!  Haven't tried brisket yet but hear darn good!   And the Italian Ice of want to splurge well worth it!   It won't be 'my secret' for long!
Good food, great atmosphere overall.  The scallywag burrito is a favorite, and the mahi tacos/burrito delicious too.  Believe it or not, the only problem is the tip pressure.  This is a counter restaurant-- not an eatery with waiters and waitresses!!  However, if you don't tip when you pay for the order, prepare for REALLY BAD attitude from staff.  One of our drinks was sabotaged with a plastic wrapper inside on one of the occasions when we didn't advance tip.  When we eat now we budget the tip or plan to eat elsewhere...
The fish tacos were among the best I have ever had. We also had pulled pork nachos that were great.  We also tried their guacamole with crab which was excellent. We also tried their crab cake which was really good but not the best I've ever had.  The value was great. Gelato and Italian ice was good.  Can't wait to try everything else on the menu.
FANTASTIC!!!! I recommend the FISH Tacos, get em' spicy. Also the HOG & HEFFER, out of this world...if you can handle it :) The salmon sandwich was also some of the best tasting salmon I've had. It's amazing that food this good comes out of a place so small. Staff is fantastic. So happy to have a local business doing well & delivering high quality seafood!
