We were visiting Daytona during the Daytona 500 and we were looking for a good local restaurant. The reviews on Bay Street were some of the better reviews we saw and the Fish Reuben looked interesting. I ordered the Fish Reuben and my husband ordered the Hot Wings. My sandwich was good, the coleslaw on it was very sweet, but the fish was a little bland overall the sandwich was okay, nothing special. The fries were hot and fresh. My husband got the Hot Wings (he is very picky about wings) and he said they were very good but the sauce is really spicy even for him who loves hot wings. This place was pricey for the quality of food and the servings are average. However the cashier was friendly and the restaurant itself is like a small, ocean themed diner and it is clean. It is a nice little place to stop for lunch and you can walk around to shops nearby.
Very good fish and chips.  Portions were large and you won't leave hungry.  Key lime pie was an excellent ending to the meal.  Prices were low so it was a terrific value.  I hope to be back soon.
Fresh grilled seafood, large beveredges, fast servive via counter, spartan atmosphere, close parking
great seafood !!! try the cole slaw , colossal fried shrimp ~ pounded to perfection
Bay Street might be a hole in the wall with backyard plastic chairs & paper towels but the food is delicious!  I had the eight piece shrimp dinner.  My succulent shrimp were large, butterflied and golden brown.  Our party also had grilled scallops which were the size of a 50 cent piece, fish fried to perfection and a bountiful burger.   Although Bay Street does offer grilled seafood for a slightly higher price, the veggie selection is non-existent.  So think of this as your cheat day (and get ready to work out afterwards).  Compliments for the fries, onion rings and especially the sweet fried green tomatoes. The black beans and Mediterranean style cucumber salad (in a sour cream dill sauce sweetened with sugar) were just okay.   When I'm in the area, I'll definitely return!
Well where should I start.  The food was good without a doubt, but it was better going down then coming back up.  My son and I came down with the stomach flu.  I tried his fish as soon as it hit the table.  Lucky for us this is a 9 day vacation and we could afford to lose a day to hugging the cheek seat.   Maybe a isolated incident, but still one we had to bare.  The cafe could use a face lift to match the prices.   Good food but clear your schedule two hours afterwards.
Great little hidden spot off the beaten path but worth it. Don't be scared by the outside appearance. Get the coconut shrimp. Big enough to count as a meal and crazy good. Dipping sauce is perfect as well. Pasta salad is a great side and the grilled fish Reuben was a big hit with my wife. Sweet tea is a must...not to sweet...just right. Service was friendly and food came quick. We will come back!
What a great place for a quick, fresh and tasty fish sandwich.  We had grouper sandwiches (one grilled, the other blackened).  They were awesome!
I don't give out 5 star reviews unless the place is stupid good... I love this place.  A gem.  It's rare to find a place like this.  Unassuming, friendly people, great food, reasonable prices.  Laid back. The onion rings are a little different than most places make them, and they are TO DIE FOR.  I much prefer the way these guys prepare them than that of the average restaurant. The fried haddock portion was ridiculously generous.  Many in my party got the fish bites and raved about them. The owners were very personable and great with our kids as well. Bay Street is a do not miss if you're in Daytona.  Fantastic.
On a search for fresh seafood, we decided to give this place a try after reading good reviews. The reviews were right on, and we all loved our food. The restaurant is small and every table was occupied. After waiting at the front for a few minutes, a waitress asked us if we wanted to eat outside. There is a quaint little side yard with patio tables and we were happy to eat outside since it was the perfect night for it. 3 of us ordered fried shrimp, and it was fresh & delicious. The other ordered salmon, which was also fresh. It felt like we waited a pretty long time for our food, and I'm not sure if that's because they were busy or the waitress forgot about us since we were outside. But the food more than made up for it, and we will definitely be back. This hole in the wall seafood restaurant isn't on the beach but it was very fresh and yummy!
First time in Daytona Beach and trying to find seafood for reasonable price.  We found Bay seafood on yelp.  Yelp didn't disappointed us.  Spicy shrimp were really good. I was skeptical about clear clam chowder but it was tasty and has generous amount of clam in the soup. The people there were nice and helpful as well. Good experience!
We got here 10 minutes before they are about to close (hewww~ we needed some good food after being on the road for a while). Lady owner was friendly and answered my questions and I ended up getting the blackened basa (special of the day $6 or $7) sandwich with fries. SO YUMM!! The blackened seasoning usually means a bit burnt but this time, it wasn't and it was perfectly seasoned and cooked. So tender and it really goes well with the bread. It came with raw onion, lettuce and tomato).   Boyfriend got the grilled salmon. I think it was only so-so. He loved the onion rings though. we got it to go, but seems like a lot of regulars dining in the restaurant.
Daytona Beach locals recommended Bay Street Fish Market & Grill as the best place for fresh seafood. Not disappointed!  Planning to return before vacation ends. The steamed shrimp were outstanding. We shared a half-pound as an appetizer. The grilled haddock and fried seafood platter were outstanding. Plenty to eat! Even so, we still had to top the meal with homemade key lime pie. Daytona Beach has a true diamond in the rough.
My Gawd this place is good!  Would be five stars if it was just a bit less pricey.   Not overpriced, but not something many Daytona locals can afford except for occasions.   Salmon is always cooked perfectly, and portions are large.   Fried Oysters, the best I've had, as are all their fried foods--  the quality of the onion rings and fries nearly make up for their health risks.   I avoid fried foods most of the time, but this place does them right.    Great staff, simple ambiance.   Perfect, if unhealthy and pricey food.   My Gawd this place is good!!  Review based on a dozen visits over six years.
All I have to say is WOW I got their crab cake sandwich with the homemade battered onion rings and was completely satisfied. My boyfriend and I were close to turning right back around by the looks of the outside but sure glad we didn't excellent!! And we waited MAYBE 10 min for our food the place was packed. Very very impressive, and we will be returning!!!
This is a great little place on Bay Street. My husband and I came in for dinner very hungry and left very satisfied! It's a little "mom and pop" place that has maybe 8 tables. When you walk in you can smell the fish cooking! It's nothing fancy, just good food! I had the clam chowder and fried oysters with onion rings and the cucumber salad. The chowder, honestly, wasn't anything special, wasn't bad, but I wouldn't get it again. It's not a thick creamy chowder that I like, but it's loaded with fresh clams. The oysters were HUGE! I choose the 8 piece (also comes in 12) and one was the size of my palm, and I don't have small dainty hands lol. They weren't greasy and tasted very fresh. The onion rings were good, but they were very greasy, I only are half. The cucumber salad was a refreshing blend of sliced cucumbers in a Greek yogurt dill sauce. My husband got the spicy steamed shrimp. They are steamed in spicy ol'bay seasoning and served with cocktail sauce and drawn butter. The only reason why I didn't give them a full 5 star raining is because I wanted the food to have more flavor. The chowder and cucumbers were very bland. Also, I like to dip my onion rings in ranch and the ranch they had was hidden valley. I would come back and just get the fried oysters and steamed shrimp!
Great little colorful seafood cafe. Good prices and friendly service. I had fried scallops and they were some of the best I've ever had. It is located on Bay St between Beach and Palmetto. Easy to miss because it is small but worth the search.
This is where the locals eat and we will come back. It's a small place but the food is good and so is the service. Try the grouper or salmon sandwich. We'll be back.
The steam shrimp is the BUM, its fresh and big size! The lady owner is so friendly and accommodating.  Her husband is the cook and he is the BEST! More power to you guys!  Definitely, we will come back to your place. I already missed the steam shrimp
Service and atmosphere was laid back, relaxing, & friendly. Best homemade sweet tea and fish dip in town! Gator bites and shrimp w/onion rings were delish! Definitely my new favorite little spot in Daytona Beach!
Very good food for a small restaurant. Had the 1 pound boiled shrimp and the seafood platter. Total $41 for two. Will definitely come back next time when in Daytona
This place is awesome! Stopped here with my family when in Daytona for this year'a spring break. The seafood is very fresh and the menu has a good amount of options. They key lime is to die for, just as old as key lime pie from the keys! Only warning is that the place is small, so seating is can be very limited! Prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food. Definitely recommend
Fantastic food great local neighborhood restaurant started with the boiled shrimp perfectly seasoned shared the seafood platter the best seafood I've ever had in Florida
Excellent food and great service.  The crab cheese dip was super yummy.  I had the blackened grouper.  It was cooked perfectly and was very fresh. Hubby had the steamed shrimp.  They were very fresh and cooked and seasoned well. My son had the seafood platter. It was huge. The fried shrimp were spectacular.
This place is unbelievably delicious! I had the Basa (fish) sandwich and it was so good! I couldn't believe how good the sandwich was. Also, the meal was a great size and you will not leave hungry. Basa is a seasonal fish, I believe, so look for this sandwich on the catch of the day menu or ask them for something similar. That sandwich was like heaven. I wish I could eat it everyday. It's amazing and words cannot explain it at all.
This is the kind of place that Yelpers love! It's off the beaten path, family owned, cheap & flipping delicious! The owners are so friendly- they are from Ohio & Michigan, same as my fiancé & I. I had the blackened basa and the steamed shrimp. It was so damn good! I am returning to the area today for business and can go anywhere, but I am returning here. It's like eating at someone's house for dinner- the owner chit chatted with me the whole time. It's been a few months since I've been here & I bet she will remember me! Do yourself a favor & head over for a great, delicious, cheap & quick meal!
2nd year we've made a point of coming here when visiting Daytona Beach. We loved everything we ordered and left very clean plates. Can't wait to visit again next year.
This place is absolutely fabulous!!! Had a grilled swordfish sandwich and wife had fish / shrimp combo . . . It is some of the best seafood Ive ever had (and I have lived in Myrtle Beach and Charleston areas for much of my life). This is a must do if in Daytona. It is a little hole in the wall but it us worth it - gotta do it. Service was very friendly and casual . . . Our compliments to everyone for a great meal :)
Nice local place with fresh fish.  The only downfall here is you only get one or two choices every day which is kind of tough if you don't like the fish they are serving.  Overall, one of the better places to get fish in the area. Had the 'grilled' and 'fried' fish and both were good.  However, the blackened version is SUPER SALTY - only tried it once and no more.
Amazingggg homemade onion rings Clam chowder veryyy thin but lots of clams- not really to my liking in honesty. i really like thicker based soups. Great grilled grouper Great fried oyster sandwich key lime pie was good- the crust was excellent, but the filling was a litttle bit too sour i like the chill atmosphere, but this place is a little bit more expensive then other chill laid back fresh seafood places.
Get the spicy steamed shrimp! You can't beat 1/2 lb shrimp for 7.99 and it's delicious! Crab dip is also amazing!
Being a traveler from Michigan, I'm always looking for what I can't eat at home. Basing my decision off of Yelp reviews, this place was the perfect choice. The seafood was fantastic and fresh and the service was friendly! I love little hole in the wall, low key restaurants so this was perfect. Small, local, and one of a kind!
This is a local place in downtown Daytona, family owned and family operated.  I can't say anything bad about this spot as even the bathrooms are super clean and nice.  The sweet tea is just damn amazing and the food is way better than what you think it will be.  Fish over dirty rice, OMGEEEEE... So good.  I've even had the fried shrimp and its was VERY good and FLAVORFUL, I was blown away by how good the fried shrimp was.  If you are in Daytona vacationing, ditch all the other places and go where ALL the locals go, Bay Street.
Fantastic. Been here twice in the last month and both times the service and food were excellent. This isn't a fancy uptight restaurant but it's a casual beach atmosphere, so put on your shorts and sandals. The fried shrimp are delicious and the fried oysters are as good, if not better than Oyster Pub. The staff are friendly and attentive. The portions and prices are reasonble. I will definitely be eating here on a regular basis. Did I mention the fried shrimp? Worth mentioning twice !!
.  Way overpriced for getting plastic forks and styrofoam bowls, canned clams, frozen french fries butter greased fish.    Cute place but they need to really improve food quality and taste.
Bay Street serves up a small but excellent menu of fish and is usually bustling with local business at lunchtime - always a good sign. I tend to get the blackened basa on rice pilaf  but the fish sandwiches are good, too. Personable service. Great prices. Comfy, no-frills local vibe.
This place is delish! Seriously though, the only thing I could suggest is more options for sides, and a lil more ambiance, music please. Everything I tried was great, crab, lobster, chowder, and my sister opted for a salad. All great! Simple, super for real coastal cooking, very catch of the day style! I will be back for more!
My mother and I traveled together to Daytona Beach for a graduation and used Yelp to guide our dining adventures. We picked this restaurant for 3 reasons: 1.) We wanted seafood 2.) The two reviews were very complimentary 3). We were famished and Bay Street was close. We arrived at Bay Street Seafood Market & Grill on a late Friday afternoon in May. We had no trouble finding a table as the place was mostly empty. Upon walking in it's obvious that customers are to place their order at the counter, pay, and then have a seat. Everything on the menu sounded good and I had trouble deciding what I wanted. Thankfully, the woman behind the counter was very nice and didn't even seem bothered by my string of questions. She told us about the most popular selections and then she recommended the fish Rubin. We both order the Rubin although I ordered my fish grilled and my mother ordered blackened. The sandwich comes with one side. My mother and I both wanted onion rings but I ordered the pasta salad so that we could taste and share two sides. We also ordered a slice of key lime pie to share. When my mother sees key lime pie on a menu she usually ends up ordering it. Needless to say, it's one of her favorite desserts. The food is made to order. In fact, the kitchen and grill is right behind the counter giving the opportunity to see your food being prepared! When our food was ready the woman who took our order brought it to our table. My Rubin was fabulous! The fish tasted fresh and the slaw on top had great flavor. The marble bread was toasted and had a wonder texture. The onion rings were thin, almost string-like and very tasty too. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the pasta salad because it was very plain. The key lime pie was very good. My mother commented that she was pretty sure it was made with REAL key limes. We ate every bite! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for tasty fish sandwiches, friendly service, and good key lime pie. Skip the pasta salad and go with the onion rings.
This is a spot for folks looking for perfectly cooked fish and seafood.  The atmosphere and seating are minimal.  You order at the counter and your remarkable meal is cooked fresh and delivered in minutes. Don't come expecting a wide variety of fish, these folks only use what's really fresh, or a tremendous variety of styles.  Just know that what they do they do really well.  Great shrimp salad, clam chowder, crab cakes, and blackened fish, not to mention fabulously crispy onion rings.  When I was in the area I used to get lunch there at least once a week.  Took my kids to lunch there a couple of weeks ago and was reminded just how good it is.
Excellent food in a casual atmosphere, you order and pay before you get your food.  Fried oysters and shrimp were straight-up, just like I like them.  The haddock was perfectly prepared too.  The best onion rings and creamy slaw give this spot an A+.  Top it off with key lime pie prepared by our server's mother, and it's all good.  We like for fish to taste like fish, so this is the place to go if that is your preference.  Nothing gourmet or fancy here-just good food and lots of it!
The best seafood. Our hotel manager recommended it and so glad he did. Easily could have driven by without seeing it, but soooo good. I had the blackened mahi mahi sandwich and my husband had deep fried salmon chunks with a sweet chili sauce. It's not on the menu but it's amazing. Definitely recommend, and worth coming back to daytona for!
This place is gross. I don't know how it is getting good reviews. The food is deep fried...greasy and everything on my platter tasted the same. Very high priced. DO not go here!
I like my fish plain grilled, in other words, I like fish to taste like fish. With that in mind, the fish here was  perfectly cooked.  Onion rings great also.
Crab and cheese dip is amazing and the onion rings WOW
Very good! Its one of those places that doesn't look impressive but when given the chance it is sure to satisfy.
I think this place is family owned so It gives me no pleasure writing this review.  I had the grouper. It looked miserable in a pool of some butter grease mixture. I could spend 15 paragraphs on that piece of fish but just take it from someone that loves food. IT SUCKED.  My rice was a 2 ounce portion packed with 20000 grams of sodium. The best part about my meal was the pasta salad. I highly recommend it!  On another positive note my beer was cold. If you value your health do not get anything fried, unless you like grease flavor. One last thing. If you are really lucky a man with 2 billion stains on his shirt will bring you your food and say " I need a beer" if this place survives another day I will be shocked.
