Been going to this restaurant for years and am never disappointed by the great food and beautiful sunset at the marina. Sometimes a long wait for dinner.
If you're in the area and in the mood for seafood, this place is a great option. I've never had a bad experience here. It's right on the river, so eating here around sunset is quite nice. It's very casual, and all of the food comes out on styrofoam plates with plastic dinnerware. The seafood paella is my favorite dish here. Never disappointed.
Been twice now. Giving 3 stars based on location. Food is just so-so. Some dishes better than others. The problem I have is why serve fish not native to Florida? I mean come on cod and basa!!! Why not mahi, snapper, grouper, etc. Oysters and shrimp are good. Outside seating only, no A/C so it can be hot. Service has been good both visits and prices are reasonable. If rating based solely on food would give 2 stars, since they serve frozen imported fish. But went with 3 for view, location, prices and service.
Two stars for location location location. Stopped here on a quest for the ultimate fish sandwich what were we thinking. The fish sandwich was "Basa" ( see Pete M's review for a complete and truthful description) come on guys this is Florida how much money are you saving importing fish from Vietnam? I usually always ask what the fish is before ordering and always go with the fresh grouper at any restaurant but somehow I forgot to ask until the meal arrived. We didn't eat it instead reordered a burger which was served on a wet plate with a soggy bun we weren't looking for a free meal and the server didn't offer to pro-rate the check when she realized we didn't eat any of the food. I paid the full bill and we went down the road a bit and had a nice lunch. I know this review goes completely against the grain of most all the other reviews but it an honest assessment of our experience. We live here and it's very disappointing that this happens where we live another example of trapping the tourist. I don't understand how selling fresh local fish can be a bad thing.
All the people giving this place high marks must be used to eating in some crappy places. First, "The Catch of the Day" is the same everyday. Basa - Which is a Vietnamese Catfish, farm raised on the banks of the highly polluted Mekong River. Vietnamese farm fish are known for their use of antibiotics. Which is illegal in US fish farms. Second, the fish is served smothered in butter and spices so you can't taste the catfish. When you ask the server what Basa is they tell you it is a mild white fish. Hmm. It arrives on your plate watery and under the layer of butter and spice it's bland as wall paste. Not to mention, everything is served on super thin plastic plates. The owners of this place will feed you garbage fish on a plastic plate and charge what better quality places do for a real fish and a real plate. The only great things about this place are the quality wait staff and bartenders. The beers are cheap and cold. The location is excellent as well. I'd you're coming here for having a few with your friends this is the place. Just think twice before you order the catch of the day.
Great location, easy to find, attentive staff and good food.  My mom and I tried this place out based on the Yelp reviews and not wanting fried seafood which is what so many other places specialize in. We shared the captains platter and it was more than enough food for us. We got everything broiled and each had a salad as our side and it was delish. I had a Bloody Mary which wasn't that great but everything else makes up for it.
This gets 5 stars for one reason; very fresh crab legs at a very good price. This was recommended to me by a local friend, and he was spot on. If you like spicy shrimp, they seem to do that pretty good; someone in our party ordered it and was happy. Great seafood with a local feel.
Very impressed.  The service was very good with all staff chipping in.  We never had to wait for anything, very attentive.  My fish was cooked perfectly.  The other people in my party had similar positive comments after dinner.
Very friendly place with reasonably priced food and drinks, and a marina view setting. The best thing I had was the cheesy garlic bread, although very buttery. The conch chowder was seasoned with cumin or curry, and that detracted from it. The smoked fish dip was good, but served only with saltines and Captain's Wafers; would be much better with some type of bread. The burger was average at best, probably a frozen patty. The buffalo shrimp was very enjoyable according to my wife. I recommend this place only as a drinks and appetizer stop.
Very caring staff, they made sure we wr really comfortable. We had a group of11. 6 kids 5 adults and the god was great!
Boondocks is what Florida eating is about. Outdoors, by the river, docked boats, everyone with shorts, and cold beer. Perfect stop after the beach or a nice breezy night. There are no gimmicks here. Good, fresh seafood & relaxed atmosphere. This is a better option by the way than Our Deck Down Under. No need to wait in line for 30 minutes to order food and than wait another 30 to eat.
Great casual, laid-back atmosphere and service. Menu is pretty big but not too big. Everything is good but stick to the fish--its the best in the area. The Boondocks is nothing special or fancy, but they don't try to be. You want a solid, casual meal and dining experience without disappointment, come to The Boondocks.
Very laid back place on the river.  No walls, just plastic curtains. Got the Captains platter.  More food than I could eat. Huge piece of fish, 8 shrimp, half a snow crab and 8 clams and oysters.  Very tasty.
Food is excellent!! Service is great and the view is pretty. Don't expect wonderful seating because it's outside underneath a little bungalow thingy but the food is awesome. Love the prices too! The coconut shrimp are my favorite.
Local place in Daytona. I found this through yelp. Food: I had the fish of the day special. It was white fish. It was cooked to perfection. I also ordered steamed oysters, which turned out to be pretty fresh and good.  The price for the food was very fairly adjusted.   4/5 Service:  Great service at the bar. They explain everything in the menu and top your water off often.  5/5 Atmosphere:  It was an outdoor place. My only concern is the mosquitoes at night time. I felt a few bites by those ugly bugs as I was eating. I wish they had half of the place enclosed.  However, the whole place was fairly decorated traditionally like a seafood place.  It was also a bit further drive from our hotel.  This place was located next to a marina.  3.5/5 Overall, I will definitely go back to eat again and try other dishes. I had a great experience with their food.
Try the garlic seared fish sandwich - it's excellent Thank you Yelp for suggesting this gem.  You will definitely need your GPS to find it. We stopped here on the way to St Augustine.  It was worth the 30 minute detour. Boondocks is laid back little place with excellent fresh seafood. I had the garlic seared fish. It was the catch-of-the-day and tasted a little like mahi-mahi. Very garlicky - yummy. My wife had the fried shrimp which were also quite good.  I had some oysters as an appetizer and they were stellar. There is small bar, covered patio with picnic tables and some outdoor seating. It is self-seating. The waitstaff are very friendly and there are really no assigned wait staff for your table. All the waitstaff take care of you. Food is great and drinks are cheap.  Lot's of fish your kids can feed off the dock.  Good times!
This place isn't the worst, but it isn't the best either. The food is ok, just read the other reviews and you will find out that even though they are near the ocean which has plenty of fresh fish, this place had theirs shipped in frozen. The best part was feeding the catfish behind the restaurant which will eat anything. It's kinda like eating at the school cafeteria with all the paper plates and such, quality about the same.
I came here on my recent trip to Daytona based on these Yelp reviews. I got exactly what I expected... so here's what I have to say additionally: It's a super casual place, just as the name suggests! It's on the Intercoastal side of the barrier island, so it's less beach-y and has more of a riverfront feel. As we were eating, a local fisherman was hosing off his charter right next to us. Don't come here dressed up and expect four star food or service; it's more like a seafood picnic. We tried two of the fried appetizers: buffalo shrimp and jalapeño poppers - both were delicious... the shrimp a little greasy as expected. My friend and I both had the grilled fish reuben. Someone else here said that the fish was "mushy." I guess that's what I would call it too, but it didn't make it any less delicious. I've had my fair share of dry, tasteless fish, so I'll take something "mushy" with taste over that any day! And, yeah... it was yummy! The bar area looked kind of popular. The bathrooms were gross. Come here and have fun. Daytona is a beach town. It's not South Beach.
Great place to end the day. Slightly out of the way, and you can tell this is a favorite of the locals. Delicious food, great prices. Our party of 6 were defeated by the portions in the end. I couldn't finish my plate!
This is where the locals dine. Fresh oysters and shrimps. Service is fast and friendly. Come here for the fresh food which won't break the bank. Casual dining at its best. They have the yummiest key lime pie!!
To start a lot of the waiters were very standoffish and not welcoming or kind. As an appetizer we ordered the garlic bread which was decent.  Our entrees can out way too quickly, barley giving us time to finish our salads. I ordered the Shrimp Rachel and it wasn't good at all. It was very bland and had no flavor. Other dishes may be good, but I would stay away from this pasta dish. We also ordered desert and it wasn't that good either.
Great food. Big portions. Awesome service. I would recommend calling ahead. It gets really busy. Only 1 beer on draft but they have several bottles and mixed drinks.
We had coconut shrimp, clam chowder, and a BBQ sandwich-which granted you could get anywhere, but all this was AMAZING!!!  Add a $4 Rum Runner and a cool spot right on the dock and I could definitely go over and over.
Cheesy Garlic Bread, Crab legs, Oysters, Oysters, Oysters, Spicy shrimp. Mussels were decent. Prices were awesome. Drinks were awesome.
Really good food, the backend  fish sandwich was good as combo. Service was on point everyone work together as a team. I like that and will return
This was the BEST restaurant we found in the Daytona area.  The service was super quick and friendly.  The steamed shrimp was AMAZING.  The fresh oysters were cheap in comparison to the prices in California.  The fried calamari was fresh & came with a fantastic tomato dipping sauce.  The cheesy garlic bread was soooo good. Would I return?  YES!!  Daily.
The food is great and the price was better. We ordered the mussels fra diavolo along with the famous garlic bread w/ cheese. The two were a great combination and the garlic bread lived up to its hype (it's the signature item). The buffalo shrimp was super hot for medium flavor so beware there but it was still good. Margaritas were good but that could change depending on your waitresses I guess. We didn't actually know who our waitress was, all of them came by and did something. Overall we paid a little over $25 before tip for all of that food along with two margaritas and it really complimented our long day at the beach. I'd say for seafood at the beach this place is fantastic. Clean, outdoors, breezy, laid back and great food.
I have been coming here for years and I adore this place. It's warm in the winter and breezy and sunny in the summer. The food is always delicious and dependable! They have a great little bar on one side, and the other side is kid friendly! Highly recommend.
Great fried food, at very reasonable prices!  Their unique system of waiting tables has its positives and negatives, but a very fun place - would definitely go back again!
Wellllllll, this had better be a full review to go so much against the tide.  I know people rave about this place BUT - not me - not this time! I had their famous fried fish rueben and there certainly was plenty of fish - mushy fish - you would have thought it was not fried.  Not even good enough for bait! Service was good and that was the high point. The ambience is what you see - water front poor - all bench seats.  All open to outside (with wind breakers).  Very noisy with loud, obnoxious people.  Other meals at the table were judged to be mediocre at best. If this is the best seafood place, then I am going to switch to steak!!!!  I often give a place a second chance but I don't think I will this time.  Drove 2 hrs to get here and won't do that again.
My mom and I have gone here many times over the years.  We went in Sept. 2010 and had their fantastic burgers!  Really really good!  I also had the Konch chowder for the first time and loved it! I know going in the winter can be a little chilly but they do heat it up with overhead heaters.  Summer time is beautiful looking out over the Halifax.  The catfish go crazy right next to your table! The servers are very very attentive.  We had a about three different ones checking on us all the time.  Though I only drank water they brought me my own pitcher!  Nice people. Parking lot is mostly sand so be prepared on a very rainy day.
LOVED it! I was super surprised how well they prepared inexpensive seafood! I think I might go again today!
I'm kind of on the fence with this place but I'd be willing to give it another shot. On the plus side the mixed drinks are strong, the food portions are generous, and my entree was served with quite possibly the best mashed potatoes I've ever had. On the other hand my fried shrimp was just "okay" , i was only a few yards from the fish cleaning station upon which someone began gutting a fish half way through my meal, and the fact that they don't assign the waiters specific tables resulted in being bothered every other minute by a different server.
This is a great seafood place, we've been there many times by ourselves or with out-of-town visitors - always a hit!  But I just visited the website and it says they are closed until Friday, December 27th for maintenance.  Just an FYI
Great fish, friendly people, and pretty reasonable prices.  Terrible parking, but what are ya gonna do, right?   Seriously though, great fish.  Whenever I'm there it's either blackened fish sandwich or the fried fish reuben.  Awesome.
Up to my elbows in peel & eat shrimp, clams & mussels- this was exactly what I was looking for! VERY casual, reasonably priced, flavorful & fresh seafood has been my must have on this trip. Had the conch chowder- spicy & good, chili was ok- not as flavorful as I had hoped. Spicy peel & eat shrimp was AMAZING- especially when paired with the garlic cheese bread to dip in the "sauce."  Table also ordered cajun strip steak- very tasty and satisfying.  Four stars for food and atmosphere- not fancy, very casual, but everything a beach vacation should be! Part 2- went back a couple nights later.... clam chowder is the BEST i've ever had.  A colorful crowd- you don't have 1 wait staff.... you get them all.  Ask anyone for anything.  How could I forget- KEY LIME PIE. YUM!     Enjoy!
Uber-casual (picnic tables, styrofoam cups and plates, plastic forks), yet some of the best food on the coast. I've never, ever had to send anything back, and I'm one who's not afraid to do that. Catch of the day is always cooked to perfection; moist and tender, never overdone. Oysters are awesome. Huge servings (I can usually take home a full meal from my plate, after I've stuffed myself). Fried fish sandwish is rivaled only by their neighbor's (the Hatch), which is really saying something. Blackened fish is awesome. Burgers are always juicy. Steamed veggies are served in a huge portion. Cheese-garlic bread---oh, mama! It's incredible! Sits right on the boat dock, and you can actually watch the fresh fish hauled from the boat right into the restaurant. Try the grouper! Family-style atmosphere.
Take it from a Daytona Beach native - this is the best, freshest, most reasonable priced seafood you'll find within a 40 mile radius. The portions are generous and the food is always consistent. My personal favorite is the fish reuben. Yummmmmmmmm! Out of all the seafood joints in the area (Inlet Harbor, Deck Down Under, Crabby Joes, Lighthouse Landing, Down the Hatch), this is my FAVORITE! I have never been disappointed at Boondocks!
WOW!! This place blew me away! EXCELLENT! Food and prices!! I ordered 1.5 lbs of crab legs for $14.95!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cooked perfectly and served hot, just the way I like it...but it usually costs me double for that amount! I also had the conche choweder and the clam chowder, both were outstanding! Try mixing them (half and half) for a very yummy chowder! My husband ordered the Fish Rueben and it did not dissappoint with TWO HUGE pieces of FISH on it. Everything was delicious and beer and mimosas for under $4 can't be beat! These are regular prices too. Not happy hour!! I can't wait to go back here, but sadly I am a toursit to Florida so I will have to wait...
I visited Boondocks restaurant with a group of 5 people while on vacation from Ohio. We arrived at the restaurant on a Sunday evening around 7:30 and waited approximately 40 minutes for a table...and the wait was well worth it!   We started off with 2 baskets of mussels and an order of angie's famous garlic bread for sopping up the lemon butter sauce. These were the most succulent, meaty mussels I've ever eaten! Everyone was satisfied and happy with what they ordered and we are definitely going to come back here again before vacation is over! The staff was friendly, the service was quick, the food was amazing, and the restrooms were clean! 5 stars!
Try and get their early, the wait can be a long time if you arrive after five.  The wait staff is very friendly and they cover for each other, you don't wait for one server.   The burgers are big and well prepared well, the peppercorn burger was delicious.  The gator bites were so good my three sons asked for a second batch.  The garlic bread was very good and absorbed the beer we had... My wife had the "basa" and was disappointed, that fish comes from Vietnam, she wanted something fresh and local.  My other son had the Philly cheese steak and he enjoyed that very much. Overall we really enjoyed eating outside and on the pier...if I could I would half a star!
This place has to be the BEST seafood place in Port Orange. Let me start of by saying that the service is very friendly. They work as a team; therefore, you can ask any of their workers for your comfort needs. The food is very fresh, the right amount of spices are added; that's just right for your taste buds. When it comes to price, I think this has to be the cheapest place for a seafood joint. The only problem with this place (for me) is its location. I have to drive 23miles each way from my house to this place. Yet, it's totally worth every gas milage. - KF
Boondocks is the "real deal" Florida meal. What should you try? FISH! I've visited half a dozen times over the past 3-4 years and always look forward to going back. The ambiance is low key (you'll be seated at bench/picnic tables, and when it is warm, the plastic walls are opened up so it is as if you are eating right on the water inlet. Everything that I've had has been great here. Cheap, well-portioned meals. In particular, try blackened mahi mahi or a dozen oysters on the half shell. The fish dip is supurb, but surely not the best option for the health conscious visitors. Service works as a team, so you are likely to deal with 2-4 friendly staff members who are quick to describe any of the dishes or lend a recommendation. I'm glad that places like this exist!
This place made me so happy just from the ambiance. It's away from the tourists and it's totally a locals kind of place. We got to sit right next to the dock with a heron who hung out next to our table all night! It was awesome to just sit next to the water, look at the sunset, and notice all the boats docked right near us. If you're looking for fancy, you won't find it here. Plates and cups are styrofoam, paper napkins, etc. But I didn't really care about that, to be honest. I was busy enjoying myself. The service is friendly and attentive. What's crazy is, I might have been more in love with the atmosphere and being away from the tourists than the food I ate. The zuppa di clams was good, and the cheesy garlic bread was pretty yummy. I was disappointed with my choice of entree, however. I ordered one of the specials, a piece of mahi mahi with shrimp in a francese sauce. I wasn't big on the sauce, even though francese is a favorite of mine. It just didn't have a ton of flavor to it. I will say that the mahi was a huge portion and very fresh and properly cooked. The shrimp was very good as well. I wish I had ordered something else like peel and eat shrimp. Overall, though, I loved this place and will be back.
Great seafood platter, service , and location.
I had the grilled fish and spicy shrimp. The shrimp was sprinkled with Old Bay seasoning and the whole shell was on. Was not deveined. My fish was "Basa" and I asked what was the catch of the day and it was "Basa" What??? I've had better fish. It was a little bland, but I will give this place another try. Very casual and staff very friendly, except for waiter who didn't smile.
Fresh seafood on the water in an open air atmosphere.  What more could you ask for?  This is definitely a hidden gem in the Daytona Beach area.   I make it a point to come here every time I'm in the Daytona area.  This trip has to have been my favorite, mainly because of the beautiful weather and nice breeze coming through. The food here is great, and they have a unique sandwich that I probably never would have ordered if it wasn't recommended to me.  The fried fish rueben is soooo tasty.  A different sandwich for sure.  2 large pieces of fish, provolone, cole slaw, and thousand island dressing.  This is a huge sandwich with all that fish.  You could probably share it and not leave hungry! The garlic bread is excellent and also comes highly recommended. A VERY relaxed dining experience.  Great servers and the perfect relaxing atmosphere.   Don't forget to feed the seagulls or catfish your leftovers ;)
Food was great and location is rustic and relaxed. We sat on a picnic table in a covered area enjoying a gentle breeze. Only con...waiter wore sunglasses the whole time he waited on us. Not cool. However, he was a very friendly person.
Great casual place to eat on the water!  Food was good, servers were friendly, drinks at the bar were cheap!  Lots of parking...
First off, thank you Yelp for helping me find this place when we were looking for somewhere to have dinner during a recent vacation and didn't have a clue where to go. The location was a little tricky, but well worth the hunt. I took the recommendation on the garlic bread and it was el yummo! I also ordered the fried fish reuben sandwich which was about the size of my head but very good. I would probably get something different next time just to broaden my horizons but the sandwich was very good. The staff working were also super very awesome, constantly checking on us, and not just our own waitress. I think my son intentionally didn't finish all of his kids meal so he could feed the fish by the dock, but such is life... I like a good seafood shack sitting on the water and this is my new go-to place in the Daytona/Ponce area.
Came here this past Wednesday night when in town visiting a friend. I would rate this place 3.5/5 if I could. The location is located right on the water and is cute, but other than that there wasn't anything in particular I would consider special about this place, very average. I believe the catch of the day was Basa as mentioned in previous reviews. We ordered various sandwiches, with myself ordering the blackened mahi mahi sandwich. Along with this we ordered Spicy Steamed Shrimp, Zupa Di Clams, and cheese garlic bread. The Spicy Steamed Shrimp was good, as its shrimp steamed with old bay spice. I personally thought the Zupa Di Clams had too much marinara sauce to taste the actual clams, and the garlic bread was good. My mahi mahi sandwich was good for the most part other than the bun, which the bottom bun was soggy and the top was a bit stale, however the size of the piece of mahi mahi was very generous and well seasoned. Even though the service was good, the food was just average for me and I'm not sure if I would go out of my way to eat here.
When I'm on vacation, I like to frequent where the locals do. Boondocks is definitely one of those places. If you want fancy - this is not your place. You sit at picnic tables and eat off of paper plates. There is usually a wait, but the restaurant sits on the inlet so you can grab a drink at the bar and wait outside on the dock where you have a nice view. There are usually fisherman coming in with their days' catch, so you are entertained by their cleaning the fish. The food at Boondocks is good - I got the fresh catch sauteed and loved it. We also had the garlic bread (very good) and the peel and eat shrimp, which were fresh. Overall - a fun place to come if you want good food, a casual atmosphere and feel for the local flare.
Yup. I'm a fan. Love the food, atmosphere... IF WE COULD get the staff to pay attention instead of eating, chatting and cutting up we'd all have gotten served quicker. I saw a lady have to get up from her seat to deliver her money, saw another couple turn around several times to get their attention (it's a 'team' thing apparently)... Us? We waited almost 10 minutes for anyone to get us refills...after I mentioned how long we'd waited, they were super attentive.  I overheard the staff cursing too...always in bad taste. :( BUT, I will be back...it's where I go first when I hit town. Very casual yes, but the staff should NOT be.
Nice laid back place with a chill atmosphere and good food.  Buffalo shrimp and garlic bread is yummy!!
What is not to love? This place is a super star! My husband, brother and I went exploring yesterday! We wanted to try someplace new on the water where we could enjoy a meal, the view, the day and being around each other! We found it, Boondocks in Port Orange! Boondocks is not a fancy place by any definition. However it sits on the inlet with a wonderful view of a marina and seagulls flying around! Now this is not the best part; it was the food! When you walk in, you can sit anywhere. Most of the tables are shellacked picnic tables. The servers take care of all the tables, not just a set of designated tables, so your needs are met quickly. They were friendly, excited to be there and helpful. We all started with the soup. My brother and I had conch chowder which was packed with fresh vegetables and loaded with conch. I would say we both agreed that it was the best we ever had. My husband had crab bisque, which he agreed was the best he ever had. Score! We then moved on to the entree. My brother had the shrimp and scallops in the boondocks sauce over linguine. He loved the seafood, but the sauce was a miss for him. I had the U peel um shrimp cocktail. This had wonderful flavor. I just loved this! They also had a nice selection of beer and wine. All in all, the prices were great; the food was fantastic and the atmosphere casual and wonderful! This is on our must return list!
Perfect Florida fish sandwich spot.  The view is wonderful, the fish is fresh and simply prepared.  We came for lunch and did not run into the crowds mentioned by other Yelpers.  This is not a place for complicated cuisine just right for a cool beer and a simple sandwich with coleslaw and hushpuppies.  We will definitely be back.
Great seafood restaurant and right on the river!  Drive your car or boat and stop in for a good meal and great atmosphere.  The view at sunset is very nice and when you're done with your meal, toss the fries, etc. into the water and watch the catfish and others go into a frenzy. We used to go down to JB's Fish Camp, but I believe it changed owners a couple times and we just didn't enjoy the food as much and after going to the Boondocks we won't be going back to JB's anytime soon.  The food is always excellent and it's just a nice place to sit back and relax for a bit. I have a couple of co-workers that travel with the NASCAR circuit and whenever they're in Daytona, they always hit Boondocks at least once.
I've been here twice and each time I loved it! The prices are great and the food is the freshest seafood I've ever eaten. This has to be one of my top 3 favorite restaurants. The oysters and fried shrimp are definitely recommended. The service was also great. I also tried the crab legs which were on par with other restaurants I've been to with great crab legs as well. If you have a watercraft, this is also an excellent place to go stop by after or even during the time you're having out in the water. If you're in the area at all and love seafood, it's a must to stop here!
Found this one via yelp. Tried it today for an early dinner. Loved the servers approach re anyone helps any table and attitude was great like they really wanted to help, nothing fake here. Food - cheesy fries and garlic bread were good. Fish and chips were yummy loved the fish batter light and crisp. Captains platter with crab legs, clams, fish, shrimp and oysters was super. Tartar sauce was nice. Ice water refills handled by delivery of a pitcher which was a nice touch. The outdoor dining was fun too although I might have melted on a warmer day. All in all for sure will be visiting again as there is a lot on the menu that we would like to try :-) Loved Mitchell the bird who was peeking into the bar to see what was for dinner.
Excellent seafood in funky dockside surroundings.  The service was attentive and friendly. In fact, it was better than in many more expensive restaurants.  I would strongly recommend the crab bisque and the conch chowder. Oysters on the half shell were sweet and delicious. The Fisherman's Platter was a mound of steamed and grilled seafood that makes the perfect sampler for a couple.  The Fried Oyster Sandwich was a tad disappointing (too much bread and no real condiments).  Save room for their wonderful key lime pie or take a slice home for a midnight snack.
Looking for cheap, well-prepared, fresh seafood?  This is the place.  The staff was also very friendly, and they were happy to accommodate our dog, too!  Dogs are allowed at the outside tables, and we had a great meal!
As a part of this years vacation in the area, I was trying out restaurants I had not been to before looking for a place for the family to go to later in the week. The service and food was very good.  I had a burger, it tasted like it had come off a real charcoal grill, not one of those indoor grills that don't give you any smokiness.  I don't eat coleslaw, so I asked them to hold it.  I don't know if I then received extra fries, or if they're just really generous with the fries, but there were more than I could eat, and since it was about to rain I didn't feel like feeding the catfish. Something to be aware of, this is essentially an outdoor establishment.  They do have windows/walls that can be closed in the event of bad weather.  Policy here tho is that if the windows are open smoking is allowed "inside". The prices here are better than some of the other restaurants down on the point, and you kind of feel like you are at a backyard picnic.
You can't go wrong dining here, this is our first stop always when we get to Daytona/Port Orange area.  We love the place, best oysters on the half shell around, we always get a large order.  My go to meal is "Pete's Garlic Seared Fish of the Day"  You can get a sandwich or a dinner, with mashed,or fried potatoes, the fish is always excellant, covered in garlic, I love it!  The fried fish sandwich basket is a real treat.  Hamburgers are also wonderful, the menu covers everything, great pasta dishes also. A strange looking place, parking area is larger than the restaurant. It faces the river, is open on all sides, with roll down vinyl sides, the bar is fun to sit at and wait for a table, there are large picnic tables and small tables for two.  You can watch a great sunset here, and view the boats tied up in the marina, service is fast and friendly, never met a crabby waitperson at Boondocks, wish I was there today!  Please don't feed the gulls!
I went here tonight after an 11 mile short ride and got some food and drinks.  The muscles and clams in the red sauce are absolutely awesome.  The perfect blend of spices, garlic and marinara.  I loved the sauce more than the actual piece of invertebrate.  I also had the steamed veggies, which are great if you like plain veggies (I do) with no sauce or special-ness.  They actually give you a generous portion as well, which is better than most restaurants.  If you ever visit this beach town, you must stop here.
3 star good but not great of 5 star yelp rating. excellent drinks - well done on the bloody mary best we've had in a while buffalo shrimp should be avoided - seemed like frozen breaded shrimp in buffalo sauce - didn't seem fresh made boiled shrimp was excellent - tasted fresh caught out of the atlantic oysters they said were fresh from mayport area - they were small (our waitress did warn us) but good The place in on the inter-coastal. Not much of a view. Boondocks is located in a marina. But the vibes of the place were cool. Bar was hopping, and the music was good (not live). Prices were very good. This is not a fried seafood place. They do seafood right (except for the buffalo shrimp). We would definitely recommend. They do service by team. You just stop anyone and they help you. If your table orders tea, water, etc. They just bring a big pitcher of drinks to your table. They do except call ahead reservations. They were busy when we got there (45 min wait), calling ahead saved us 30 min. This is an ALL outdoor  joint. No AC. Which we are cool with but just warning you just in case.
Not good at all. My husband & I both ordered a fish sandwich(they brought 1) so we had to wait forever for the other one. My kids ate some of their food. But my husband took 1 bite and gagged. I ate about half of mine before running to the restroom sick. Never again. Waste of money if you ask me.
This place is the crowning jewel of  yummy funkadelic food in Daytona Beach. It is an indoor/outdoor place, where boats can dock up. Not at all fancy (typical attire is shorts and sandals), it is an out of the way hang out for locals. The food is consistently good. Great caesar salad, grouper done any way you want, on and on. There is a full bar as well. I spend a lot of time in Daytona Beach, which is like another planet from the SF Bay area where I live. Most of the cuisine there is mediocre at best. Since I discovered this place I've had a hard time going 24 hours without a meal there. 4/3/09 Went there for lunch today and the Key Lime Pie knocked my sox off. It's the best I've ever had. They have it made especially for their restaruant by a bakery. It's nice and tart, and just sweet enough, with a nice crumbly graham cracker crust.
I live near here so this is a local review. This is the best seafood restaurant in the Daytona beach area. Casual outdoor or patio dining, superb service and the best prices. Best bets are grouper rueben, fish of the day sandwich garlic seared, the fish dip appetizer or the red conch chowder. Located on the river in Wilbur by the sea.
We visit this place now for at least 13 years or so. Back in the day there was no tent :-) always a favorite.
I recently went back to Boondocks for lunch. I had the blackened fish sandwich platter, which came with cole slaw and fries. The fish of the day was basa, which is a flaky, white fish; similar to flounder. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The fries were some of the best I have had. They were thin, crispy and delicious. Their tartar sauce was also very good and perfect to dip your fries in, as well. The only bad thing was it was windy and that can be annoyance, since there is nowhere to eat but outside.
For the locals, the place was packed and must be good but for our meal and experience, not the greatest.  The bar staff was attentive but surly. The "bar manager" was smoking behind the bar and then washed wine glasses. The food was ok but not the best. The employees did there best and worked hard but the food just did not hit the spot for our group of 5. Other observations, hostess stuffing knives and forks with Band-Aids on her hand and no hand washing. On the plus side, the place had a wait, recommended by locals and Yelp has had some good scores that aided us to pick Boondocks. Will try another place next time.
I really like this place. It feels like an authentic local dive. Which is perfect after a beach day. Food is basic but good. I liked the menu. It had a little of this and a little of that. We had mussels in garlic/butter/wine with garlic bread. Yum Then I had a tuna sandwich. Nice size and I ate it without the bread. Key lime pie was good, but a tad too lime-y. Inexpensive. On the river. You should try it!
Greatest food and best service of all dining in daytona for us
We were here to have seafood. My dad had the fish reuben sandwich, my husband had the fish of the day with Francaise sauce, my mom (a non fish eater) had the chicken sandwich and I had the garlic bread with shrimp scampi and the conch soup. The servings were large and very yummy for a lunch. My mom said her chicken was a little dry. Everyone else loved theirs. The coffee was good. My mom did not like the way her water tasted. Everyone else liked their beverage. It was nice to hear what everyone was saying about their food, the couple next to us said they came here often for the fish of the day lunch and have never been disappointed. If I lived in Florida, I would come here to eat often!
Visit this place every time I'm in Daytona!  Great, casual outdoor atmosphere.  Try the clams with marinara--excellent!  Fast, friendly service and so far, I have not had anything here I did not like!
Headed here last night. It was one of the most beautiful evenings this year. It was dinner time and Friday night.   We passed Deck Down Under and saw a multitude of vehicles over spilling out of the lot and I began to get worried. At Boondocks the lot was full. We were added to the seating list and given the beeper. We were seated more than two hours later. Our entertainment was watching the fire department break into the ladies rest room to rescue a women who somehow got stuck inside.  Proceeded to order a variety of appetizers, that's all we ate, a bunch of appetizers. The deep fried stuff was no good. The oil was so old everything fried in it tasted nasty. The oysters were real good but the steamed clams were not.   Staff was helpful in spite of the over whelming throng of drunk diners. One couple in the waiting area downed three pitchers of beer while waiting, even the silver haired patrons were stumbling around.  We were seated at a table next to a bunch of NY Italians, the old man and his son were drunk and talking like a couple of goodfella guineas complete with "Fugeddaout it" and "You talking to me?". It was funny.
How could a spot with picnic tables, tackle boxes and Styrofoam cups be one of my favorite restaurants EVER?  It is easy... the food is perfect, the atmosphere is awesome and the staff rocks. I have been here countless times, and will go back countless more.  Not ONCE have I ever been disappointed with any aspect of the meal or experience.  I have sampled the entire menu, but if you are new to this place, I suggest the following: Hot Wings (yes):  Seriously some of my favorite wings ever.  Big, meaty, crispy, spicy, bold... I could keep going.  10 or 20 of those bad boys are a staple of every meal I have there. Raw Oysters:  Always perfect, local and fresh.  You can not beat the price on them period, less than $9 for the dozen. Clam Chowder:  Creamy, flavorful and packed with clams Mussels marinara (with their garlic bread):  Awesome sauce, fresh mussels and great bread.  Has a kick with some type of alcohol thrown in at the end, but I always forget to ask what it is. Sweat Tea:  Perfect... and they just leave the pitcher for you Fish sandwich:  Try it blackened... simply outstanding. As far as service goes, you do not have one person to help you, everyone helps every table.  On top of that, I see the same staff each time I go which is great to see.  They know the place, the menu and are super friendly.  If you are in Daytona or anywhere around, go seek out this gem!  It is busy at night but worth it.  Not to mention it is attached to a marina, and the local birds and fish are fun for the kids to feed!
This place is great!  A really special tucked-away kind of place away from the mess of downtown Daytona.  Food is solid and the staff is always friendly.  The fish lunch specials are a steal.
Great "local" hole in the wall ! Shorts & tee shirts casual ! This place was recommended by Capt. John @ Daytona Beach Parasail. Great recommendation !!! Simple , fresh food. Calamari, clams, crab legs & burger were all wonderful. Came here for the first time on vacation in 2011 & have been back several times since moving to the area. Perfectly out of the way and away from the tourist areas. Plastic tables & patio chairs are as fancy as it gets. Bottomless southern sweet tea which is perfect on a warm summer day. Great wait staff & beautiful sunset views of the marina & river . Only real complaint is I wish they served crab cakes. Prices aren't bad, comparable for the area. Parking is limited & place fills up fast on the weekends.
A local favorite located right on the intercoastal. This casual open air restaurant has been serving fresh local seafood for years. They have a wide selection of items, ranging from oysters on the half shell to fish ruebens. You won't be disappointed in this spot. throw on some shorts and your flip flops for a great, relaxing meal.
My wife and I loaded up the kids today and headed for the Ponce Inlet Lighthouse. My wife, you see, likes Ponce Inlet and lighthouses, so it seemed like a no-brainer. I found Boondocks here on Yelp! and thought it sounded like the right mix of decent food and decent prices, so that's where we headed. It really was a great experience. The service was fantastic. We were greeted quickly and they checked on us often. I ordered the Famous Fried Fish Reuben and while I can't vouch for it's level of fame (I had never heard of it), I can tell you this. It was darn good. Twice as much fish as I expected and the bread was cooked perfectly. My wife got the mahi-mahi sandwich and was equally pleased. When we were done, the server suggested we take the kids to feed out leftover fries to the fish. Every one of the fries drew a swarm of fish to the surface much to my daughter's (and my own) delight. We would be thrilled to return. If you're on the fence, you should get off. That's probably pretty painful. After you're properly treated, head over to Boondocks.
Fantastic, relaxed, lively, great food. This was our last stop after a 10 day vacation and probably one of the best. Very casual and the staff very friendly and attentive. We had stopped in earlier in the day on a bike ride and it was recommended that we get on a "call ahead" list. They don't take reservations, but the call ahead list will move you up significantly. We arrived at 7:15 on a Friday, the place was hopping and we were told the wait would be 1.5 hr. We were called after about 20 minutes. You can wander the marina and deck area while waiting. The catfish have been spoiled rotten and are fed fries and other table scraps regularly, so they are quite a show. Might make you think twice about eating catfish again! Key lime pie was a great finishing touch.
If you enjoy fish pasta, you found the spot! Just be sure to sit under a fan because it is an open air restaurant. If you have kids, be sure to take some time to feed the catfish while you wait or when you finish.
This place is okay. It doesn't really compare to the ocean deck or deck down under. We got the clam strip sandwich and a white fish sandwich. They were both okay nothing outstanding. Clam chowder is okay it's more like potato soup. Not as great of a view as other local seafood restaurants but it's fun to feed the fish in the river below.
Great food, great location, excellent service! Nice family owned restaurant that's been in business for 18 years. I asked to speak to the manager after we ate to give our praises only to find she was one of the waitresses! I love that she was helping her staff. The crab legs were the best I've had at the fairest price I've seen! The staff didn't have an individual table, everyone worked together as a team making sure we had everything we needed. We enjoyed a sunset on the marina while we were eating. We loved it so much yesterday we're actually going back tonight!
On the water, at a marina. Seagulls screaming for food! Friendly staff. Good food! What more could you ask. Highly recommended. VERY casual. Enjoy!
Excellent seafood and service. The grouper reuban is otherworldly. Peel and eat shrimp is also a winner.
Welllll thank you yelp!!!! Looked seafood on a drive home on A1A & found this dock side delight. Sampled a few items with my family, finding them tasty and fresh. But the spicy peel and eat shrimp where out of the world. It's getting hard to find legitimate fresh seafood served southern & or keys style but this is one. Look hard but find this place, it's worth it!!!!
Visited this place while on vacation. Awesome. There was 9 of us we had a little bit of everything. From fish to crab legs to hot dogs no complaints. The stuff was great too.
It's a casual, dock-side restaurant with great views, great service and great food.
We just passed by Daytona Beach and decided to stopped by this place somehow. But I am glad we did!!! Everything tasted soooooo good*^^* It is not fancy place but they can cook!! I don't care if they use plastic plates! lol We want to come back to this restaurant next time we go to Florida! I love love their fried oyster. So fresh and I can eat forever. Keylime pie was the BEST keylime pie we ever had!!
I had as good a time there as anyplace else around.
We came across this place on our last night in Daytona thanks to Yelp.  Wish we would have found it earlier.  Best place we ate while on vacation.  Very casual open-air restaurant.  Wait staff was very friendly.  My wife and I each had the fish reuben sandwich and loved it.  Pitcher of domestic beer was only $6.  The kids enjoyed feeding the catfish off the dock.  Highly recommend this restaurant.  Much better than some of the touristy places around.  Hope it stays this way.
Outstanding food, good service, decent price and surprisingly consistent.
This is the type of place you can go to get acquainted with the locals. The servers are always friendly and helpful, and the location is great. My brother parks his boat at this marina and we have gotten off the boat several times, after a long day out on the water ready for a cold beer and some quick food.
Love the Greek salad and the fake margaritas (no liquor license) are deelish!
Absolutely amazing food!! We had the conch chowder, seafood paella, fried seafood platter, tuna melt, and crab legs... And everything was mind blowing! The chowder was too die for and the paella was fantastic!! Seriously cannot brag on this place enough! Super casual feel and you can even feed the fish at the dock while you wait. Will definitely be going back!!!
Great, simple seafood dishes, friendly service and a wonderfully relaxed atmosphere epitomizes the essence of this quiet seaside town.
Not a tourist trap just good food and good atmosphere. Reasonably priced
Thanks to Yelp for helping us find this place. We enjoyed our dinner here. The food was delicious. However I was a little surprise how small the dining area was. It was crowded when we got there, most of the people were hanging out at their bar. I also like that this place sits right on a marina, making it scenic. This will definitely be a place I will be back to whenever I'm in the area.
Friendly and attentive service! Reuben was fresh and hot. Catch of the day was delicious. Paella had a sauce that was not needed and not good. We recommend this place, just don't order paella. Rice was undercooked.
Boondocks takes "casual" to a whole new level. I would describe it as "rustic".  It's located at a marina. However, that being said, I loved it!  The wait staff was friendly, attentive and did a great job. I ordered the seasoned steamed shrimp and loved it. I will definitely be back when it's not too hot...no air conditioning, only ceiling fans. Our experience was on a windy, warm day, but the breeze kept it comfortable.
Really liked the food and casual atmosphere as well as the low prices. Crabcake bites are awesome and fried shrimp was too. Easy, laid back and lots of locals. Service friendly and fast. Highly recommend this out of the way spot.
I went because of the Yelp reviews which seemed to imply it was better than similar restaurants. We were in town for business for one day and my colleague wanted seafood. It's like being on someone's back porch on a day they don't care much about breaking out the good stuff for you. I don't know what the other options are but this was super casual -- picnic tables, plastic everything. Clientele not at all diverse ethnically speaking which matters if you don't want to be the only person of color in the place. The crab cake which was a special looked really terrible: flat bready pancake-like. Cheesy garlic bread was what you would expect but why write home about that?  You're outside looking at a boat parking lot (I know it's called a marina...) but not a great view. And it wasn't really inexpensive by my standards as well as being a little far off the beaten trail (but nestled in a residential subdivision not on a remote beach). Not special.
Had lunch here today.  It was fantastic!  Great bartender, wonderful food especially the blackened mahi  and New England clam chowder.  Ray says we are definitely going back.  Considering that will involve a trip from Atlanta, Ga it's a great compliment from him!
My wife and I went to Boondocks based on the reviews here and elsewhere. We arrived at 7:30, and put our names at reservations. At 8:30, although many large parties had been seated despite arriving after us, we were told we were still fifth in line. By this time, there were only a handful of people waiting and were a number of open tables. At 9:00, I went back to the seating agent and was told there were still four groups ahead of us, but we would be seated "very soon". We waited 15 more minutes, then turned in our pager and left. I will never go back to Boondocks, and urge all others who read this not to patronize a business which doesn't give a rat's a** about their customers.
Overall the food was fine.  The blackened mahi mahi was cooked perfectly.  The various appetizers we good but not outstanding.   I had the  mashed potatoes were labeled as "real" which they were.  But it was odd that they served them with an awful dark gravy that was over salted and obviously made with some kind of beef boullion.   The bar didn't have any gin for a martini which I thought strange.    Two things bothered me:  1) the bartender popped champagne corks into the river, which I guess was fun but we don't need to pollute our waterways needlessly.  2) Also, people were feeding fish with their leftovers like the river was a garbage dump.   I don't see the point.  Again keep the river clean.
