I was on vacation from CA and the barbacoa meat at this place is pretty dead on!!!  Wish I could have ate there more than once!
We were here for Spring Break and the atmosphere was great but the service was horrible they screwed up our order numerous time. We waited a long time for our food meat was very bland didn't have any flavor what so ever.
Why 3 stars? We ordered two of the chile relleno dishes to-go and it took quite a while for the order; it was a busy lunch, so I understand. However, when I opened our container the chiles were good in size but the tiny portions of rice and beans were a bit disappointing. For the price I expected a main chile dish with plenty of sides. The service was pleasant and the staff was attentive. I don't eat meat, but perhaps for some tacos this might be the place since many rave about them.
In Daytona for a quick weekend and looked at the reviews and Tia Cori's looked like a good choice but had a horrible experience. Our order was presumably lost as three other orders taken after ours came out before ours. I asked the staff for an explanation and they had no answer but that our food was coming up next. I asked that our food be boxed to go, as we were over the screaming children dining in the small space.  Then a customer that had finished eating ordered additional items that came out..and still no food for us. I was done after the wait. I asked for my money back. The staff made no attempt to resolve the situation or try in any way to make it better, sheepishly I was handed my money back. Maybe next time it will be better. I was very disappointed as the food looked good. Too bad the service was lacking.
WHAT A FIND!  Affordable, DELICOUS, fresh, reasonably priced.  Good food, great prices, good service, clean.  SMALL establishment, you stand in line and order, so grab a menu on the way to the register and salivate your desire and be ready to order.  Quesadillas with their pork is just juicy and cheesy and gooey, and oh so good deliciousness.  Their burritos are plump, enough to share (if you care).  Totopos (chips). crisp, home made.  Chunky quacamole... Just a treat.
We loved everything.  Authentic Mexican for some, and even "American" tacos for those who preferred it.
I love Tia Cori's. I am a huge fan of local and family run establishments. The food is flavorful and authentic. They are open until 3 or so on Friday and Saturday which makes for great late night munchies. The ingredients are all fresh and I have ordered most of what is on the menu and I have never been let down. MMm I do love the ceviche :). They do take out, which is almost as good as delivery. The seating is limited inside but there is a cute little porch area outside. They have a couple of beers, but the selection is pretty limited. Totally worth a visit though.
I hadn't been here for a while, so I decided to grab some lunch. I have to say that the bean burrito I had was one of the blandest meals I have had. It is served the authentic way with the rice and beans inside. I tasted that burrito for several hours later. That is not a good thing. I wish it was better since there is a dearth of decent lunch places in Daytona Beach. The top Mexican food is still Mi Tierra in Orange city.
Expansion complete. The best place to grab a taco in Daytona Beach.
Thank you yelp for helping us to find this place.  This was the best food we had in Daytona.  The owners are super nice and the food was excellent.  We even walked back on Sunday for dinner but they aren't open on Sunday.  I had the tacos and the tamale - both were great.  The chips and salsa were fresh. By far the best food we had in Daytona and super affordable.
The food is incredible! Can I say that again! The service is very friendly, a bit unorthodox, but it works for them! I'm totally hooked!
Amazing little restaurant. Been living in DB for a year and I go here once a month. Food is good and the price is excellent. Friday night is busy house for them but overall you will get a seat.  I like the tacos and burrito. Marinated pork is the best.
Finally got to try Tia Cori's Tacos today! I had the lengua and carnitas soft tacos, Mexican style. And a pork tamale. Everything was very good. In fact soo good that I'll def be back tomorrow for lunch to try one of their burritos. The place was very clean, the staff was nice and the prices were unbeatable! If ur in Daytona definitely give this place a try, u won't be disappointed!
Portions are small, but the price is good and the food is delicious! Staff are all very friendly, too. One of the wonderful places helping to make Historic Downtown Daytona more and more enjoyable.
Best authentic Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. I've eaten at many Mexican restaurants from West coast to East coast, and this restaurant by far beats them all! We went on Wild Wednesday and took advantage of 2 buckets of imported Mexican beer for only $10/bucket.  Their ceviche special was incredible. I can't say there was one thing that was better than another on our table. They were all fantastic. Here is a list of what we had:  Shrimp burrito, beef tacos (Americano), beef tostada, chicken quesadilla, cheese dip, fresh guav and roasted jalapeños!  If you like really spicy, ask for the special sauce. Be careful though. I was getting pretty sweaty from the heat (and I eat things VERY spicy)!
I thought the food was five star, but the atmosphere more like a three. I'm not knocking the decor, which is humble, but there was... lets call it clutter since it is not fair to call it filth. All the tables were dirty. I realize sometimes a tables don't get cleaned right away, but it seemed to be the norm. I still want to eat there and go back, but would give it five stars if the tables got wiped down more often. The staff was super nice and friendly. I'm sure if I had asked they would have taken care of it. I didn't because I have an ample supply of baby wipes;)
For ormond and daytona this is about one of the best Mexican food places you can go to, and that's really not saying much.  The food is good, sometimes served cold and regularly served with different meat than what you ordered.  Customer service is bad, some of the worst in town from my experiences here.  Chips and salsa is pretty good but just try to have them bring it to you before your meal, it's near impossible, and half the time they forget to bring them at all.
This place is really good. Food came out hot and the ingredients tasted fresh. the place wa spacked and the service was good. I had the tacos and my husband had the carne asada. We also tasted the chile relleno and it was awesome! This is a GREAt lunch spot.
Really good!  I had the tostada and an American taco. Both were really good and so filling.  Hubby had the burrito, also very good. We will return! Check the website for specials.  Although it is beer and wine only, they make Margaritas at 24% alcohol.
Just what I would expect from my 'tia'. Fresh ingredients, prepared to order, authentic flavors. Small place but clean, with attentive server/s.
I recently visited Tia Cori's Tacos.  I had the ceviche which was very good.  I also had the chicken enchilada which was just okay.  One of my concerns is about there serving system.  Shouting out a customers number is not efficient.  Also if you put the incorrect plate in front of a customer that plate should be thrown away.
A little out of the way, but within walking distance of the "touristy" section of Daytona Beach is this small, but nice restaurant, serving Mexican food that is much closer to authentic than anywhere I've eaten outside of southern California. The staff is very friendly, the food extremely fresh and well-prepared, and the ambience is warm and comfortable. Don't expect what Amercians have come to think of as Mexican food as exemplified by the large chains. But, if you enjoy good Mexican food as you might find in Mexico, you won't be disappointed.
Delicious! Lots of options without being overwhelming. As American or authentic as you want it to be.
Amazing authentic mexican tacos.  Great Al Pastor meat.  On Wednesdays it beer and cevechie specials.  What a great find for a beach getaway.
All I can say is i read about this place before heading to Daytona. I came looking for these tacos. The tacos de pollo were the best I have evr head. The asada tacos were top 4 maybe. Barbacoa was the only I was to thrilled about, it just lacked flavor.
Awesome tacos! Great daily deals! Recommend carnitas and al pastor with tecate.
Omg!! Try the charizo Mexican taco!!!! The hot sauce is HOT!!!!:) and $2.00 Bud Light help wash it all down!!! Awsome authentic Mexican food!!!!
I ate here today and it was GREAT!  The place is clean and the food is tasty and pleantiful.
Yummy in my tummy!  Everything here is great- from the chips to the tacos to whatever else u want!  If you're in Daytona, it's a must go!
Came here on Friday night and was pleased to see a live Mariachi band! Ordered $20 of food for two people, and it was plenty! Got the barbacoa taco, al pastor taco, both Mexican style. Great, home-style tortilla. Order the ceviche which was more onions and tomatoes than seafood, but for $3, it hit the spot. We also ordered the chile relenos plate, and it came with tortillas, rice, and refried beans. The beans were very watery and not like the beans I've had before. I ordered the green chile and chicken tamale. It was decent, a lot of masa, and it was kind of dry. I felt like everything was slightly underseasoned than I would've liked, but a pinch of salt fixed it. The flan was very dense and served in a small cup, it was a little miss. Will definitely try the churros next time.
In daytona this place might deserve a 5. It actually deserves a 3. Decent steaks and tacos. When ur hotel on the beach is   surrounded by fried shrimps, fast food chains and pizza shops which all suck this is kinda place I wanna eat in. A quick 2 mile drive from the beach to eat food cooked for humans.....why not?oh yeah, go here when in daytona
Excellent Mexican food. Inexpensive. Great vegetarian options, too:  bean taco or grilled peppers (or both).
Visited this place while on vacation. The food reminded me of being in Mexico. I freakin love the Tacos Al Pastor! Delicious! The best tacos in town. A must have. Right by the bridge. Only 1 drawback... Closed on Sundays.
Ok-went here again today.  Had the Barbacoa Mexican style soft tacos on corn tortilla-outstanding. Had the pork and the chicken tamales also-very tasty. Pork was better than the chicken one. All is fresh.  all for $8 without drink.  The tacos are small but mexican style for $1.50 can't be beat!! the grilled corn tortillas are awesome and enhance the flavor so much over plain old flour white ones.  This place is worth a stop and a great meal for $10 or under.
Drunk at 2am or sober at 11am Tia Cori's Tacos are amazing, they make authentic everything. I go here as often as I can when I stay in Daytona and I am never disappointed. Cold Mexican beers, Horchata, and margaritas are perfect on a hot Florida day and delicious house made hot sauces, tangy and perfect ceviche, and the best Lengua (cow tongue) I've had on the east coast. The new expansion looks great and the music is always bumping Latin tunes. No doubt about it get your culata down to Beach Street and eat!
We were told this was a "must try" for the Ceviche....and it was perfect for a lazy humid day. Fresh & flavorful. The tacos Mexican style were so savory & the salsa options elevated the whole meal!  We only ate those 2 items...but we can't stop thinking of it.
Muy Muy MUY Bien :) Finally made it to this great little Taqueria nestled down on Beach Street... with an authentic menu and a hip little spot it quickly became my new fav lunch spot! Because I'd never been I had to try my go-to mexican food.... the shrimp taco.... I was a little disappointed not to find a fish taco on the menu but the shrimp was AWESOME, so I forgive Auntie Cori for the oversight. I had it "mexican" with onion and Cilantro and it was great.... and although I didn't need it when I see a tamale on the menu the Mexican Grandma in me HAS to order it.... they offer a green chili chicken that was beautiful but needed to be served slathered in a green chili sauce.... David's shredded beef tacos were seasoned perfectly and the Fundido with chorizo had just enough kick to make it PERFECT.... Service was friendly & quick and we had ALL THAT FOOD with beverages for just about $20.... great lunch spot :)
Delicious & simple! Barbacoa and carnitas tacos dressed with cilantro and onion are so flavorful. Live mariachi music and a friendly, attentive staff make for great time!
I've been here twice and haven't been disappointed either time. The tacos are excellent (American or Mexican style). The burritos didn't look too appealing. Recommend reviewing the menu before you go.
Yummy yummy yummy. I had chicken tacos Mexican style and chips and salsa. The chicken was shredded and awesome. The chips were deep fried - oh no. Oh yes!   Tried both the hot and mild salsa. Hot is not too hot. Great place for Mexican. Prices very low!!
A must try. Great authentic food and very reasonably priced.
Yummy! This is a new little joint that opened a few months ago. Great authentic tacos! Also have ceviche, burritos, tortas and tamales. Everything made to order. Salsas are tasty and hot! Stays open late on Fri and Sat. Good friendly service too.
Delicious and inexpensive! Carnitas, cerviche, and beef tacos ( their way) were hi-lites.  Lots of locals inside. Service was pleasant and quick.
Simple and delicious, a low cost taqueria our whole family enjoyed for a quick lunch. I had the shrimp tacos which took a bit longer (by taco bar measure) but was delicious. The kids enjoyed their cheese quesadillas and they even rolled one for our younger son who prefers it that way at home.
Excellent burritos and taco's..great salsa with chips and fabulous queso. Had the shredded beef and everything Mexican style. Green sauce very tasty as well. One of my friends didn't care the margarita, but everything else was great....chili relenos very tasty as well. Will definitely return on my next trip to Daytona.
I was so bummed that this place wasn't very good. I really tried to like it, and was trying to convince my dining partner that it was good. Neither worked. I had to admit the tacos were not good since denial was not working. I ordered 3 tacos, my mate ordered 6. Barbacoa, steak, chicken, some crunchy, most soft, and all "Mexican style". Hot sauce and mild sauce on the side. The sauce was watery and flavorless (the mild green tomatillo). The hot sauce was hot, yet flavorless. The barbacoa was so greasy that the red grease dripped all over my hands, into the basket and saturated anything it got on. The grease must've been the only thing adding flavor. The chicken tacos, were dry, but had the better flavor of the 3 meats I chose. The steak was terrible. It was dry, no flavor, cold. I don't know how all these "positive" reviews are here unless the late night customers (drunks) slam down these tacos (and drunks pretty much will eat anything) and think it's awesome. I have a feeling so many of the reviews on Yelp are dishonest. I've left reviews for places that have completely disappeared before. Not sure how that happens, but funny, none of my 5 star reviews have ever disappeared, only 1 or 2 star ones. Maybe this place is great compared to other eateries on Beach street, but I find that hard to believe since there are some good places to eat there. Also, maybe it's just the tacos that suck? But I doubt I will return to this place unless someone else is paying and suggests something better than the tacos to eat here. I will definitely be taking most reviews on Yelp with a grain of salt. I really thought I couldn't go wrong by going here. Luckily it wasn't expensive, but it was a waste of time, gas, and money to go here. BLAH pretty much sums it up.
Great Mexican food, authentic tacos and burritos.  We especially liked the authentic Mexican tortilla chips.
Food was cold and tasteless.  If you want chips and salsa get ready to spend another couple of dollars+ and they use flour tortillas instead of corn. Not good at all save the money and find a real Mexican restaurant
Was ok.  Not sure I ordered the right thing.  Looks like the street tacos would have been the better option.   The chips were fresh and hot.  The carnitas burrito I had was ok but not what I was expecting.
Really flavorful, really cheap! For the price you certainly can't get better. We were very happy with our order of the 3 Enchiladas plate (1 beef and 2 chicken) and the 3 Tacos plate. Went there twice in one week!
Yup. The ceviche *is* good. Mariachis were on hand and got our fav Spanish song: besame mucho played by these guys with great talent! The other stuff is ok too but nothing special and a bit bland. But if you want Mexican on an off night then this is the place. The horchata was disappointing..too much vanilla and not enough rice flavor. I didn't try the Jamaica drink but the color didn't look right anyway. Food good enough.
love this place. heard about it from a coworker, went on a crazy friday night with the mariachi band and have been back three times! i love that their food comes either "american" or "mexican" style. tostadas are amazingly fresh. salsas great. great local dive.
This is a very nice Mexican place. Probably the best in Daytona. Some of their stuff is NOT fresh, so i suggest you ask before you order. I am born and raised Mexican, so i am a bit more picky than the average person when it comes to Mexican food.  The staff is very friendly, and you get your food pretty quick.
Very tasty and inexpensive! Not a lot of options for really good food in Daytona but this place is definitely up there.
Very good food cooked to order while you wait. Salsas, tacos and guacamole very very authentic. Service was friendly.
I had the pleasure of having tacos Mexican style at the Daytona lagoon  (they have a small location inside the water park) Wow! Was it ever good! I haven't had this good of Mexican since I lived in Cakifornia! You can't go wrong with their medium salsa. Everything is super fresh. I can't wait to try their beach street location in Daytona Beach. If you love real Mexican, you will love this place!
Nothing spectacular, but probably the best you'll find in Daytona.
In my imagination, Daytona Beach has always been associated with sunshine, US muscle car races on the beach with a multitude of scantily clad vixens cheering on. After my brother moved to Daytona Beach I decided it was time to take my talents to South Beach; ok I'll admit in the vicinity.  After 2 hours in Daytona Beach those fantasies were vanishing faster than mirages in the Sahara; angry grey clouds conspired to block the sun, it was humid, the beach was a joke, so I decided to bury my disappointment in mastication; Yelp to the rescue. Based on the reviews, we tracked down Tia Cori  a culinary highlight of the weekend. Almost all the indoor seats were taken so we sat on the patio, very pleasant staff,  and the prices were just too good to be true. I had the steak burrito and Taco Al Pastor (I was starving); the food was fresh, authentic Mexican ( I live in Chicago) and simply delicious. I might not be going back to Daytona Beach anytime soon but would highly recommend Tia to anybody in the area. If it is good for yours truly ,it must be good for hoi polloi.
In the midst of all the generic American restaurants and international chains, this family run business is offering a quality Mexican food menu.  I recently spent two weeks in Daytona and visited this restaurant for dinner twice.  In both cases, the food was excellent.  They are located on Beach Street, in a small business district section of Daytona.  The atmosphere is very casual, nothing fancy.  I liked the platter meals because they are served on plates with metal utensils.    Ala cart orders are served in plastic baskets with wax paper, and with plastic utensils.  And, another notable feature - the prices are extremely reasonable!  Margaritas are a bit syrupy - made from a mix, but the beer list includes the standby good Mexican beers.
Tia Cori's offers excellent fish tacos at a reasonable price! We also had chiles rellenos that were incredible! The right amount of spice with a ton of flavor. The green salsa they gave us was great too. Easy, casual, delicious!!!!!
Pleasantly surprised! Very authentic, priced affordable and out of this world tasty! Yum!
Very disappointed.  Read great reviews but......  Al pastor burrito was cold and dry. Chips were Very salty.  Read about hot sauce -and it was very hot!  And the med. sauce had no flavor at all.  Prices were average but, not cheap.
Read all of the rave reviews and had to find out for myself. ALL TRUE. The chips were the best we've ever had, guacamole was outstanding, as were the burritos. Was a bit disappointed that it is counter service, but the quality of the food made up for this. This is the only negative I could find with the place.  Definitely will go back.
I try to eat here once a week for lunch, but sometimes the line is too long.  Great local place and so cheap!  I always order 3-4 tacos...some American style and some Mexican style. The carnitas are outstanding. Get the green medium sauce...they go great on the fresh homemade chips.  This place is so good that they have already expanded once, and they are looking to expand again.  A must try for a local!
very good food!! loved it!
I kept hearing about this place and was so excited to go.  I will be going back but on my first experience I really wasn't that impressed.  The service is "meh".  And the tacos I got were just good tacos.  Not mind-blowingly amazing or anything--Maybe I ordered wrong, maybe I got a bad chef.   Anyways I will be going back to give them another try and I will update my review then!
My wife and I have lunch here whenever we are in town.  Very good food, prices are good.  We really like this place.
good food!
The best most authentic tacos I've had since moving here.  I was really missing the tacos from little Mexico in Central Illinois.  I just pounded down four soft tacos Mexican style and just ordered three more.  My favorites are the Pollo, Chorizo, and Al Pastor.  I didn't care for the asada but it wasn't terrible.  The others were just better.  Go easy on the hot sauce, its freakin hot!  It made my forehead sweat. My son had two pork tamales and a hard shell chicken taco Mexican style.  He loved it to. Tuesday nights are $1 hard shell chicken or beef tacos.  I think I heard say beers were a buck too. I'm so thankful I found Tia Cori's Tacos!
This place definitely make the "A" List closest I've come to authentic Mexican cuisine in the area I'm saying to good bye to the local Mexican Restaurant Chains. The ordering counter is a little jammed since the drink dispensers are located on the same small counter and side wall but ordering a cold beer resolves this issue. The Mexican Style tacos on corn tortillas are awesome fresh lean steak , lots of chopped cilantro and onion if you choose top it with the hot sauce which is so hot and delish and / or the green salsa makes this a home run. The pork tamale was excellent as well, wrapped in a corn husk drown it in salsa and again another winner. Great location off of beach street plenty of parking in the area with a nice seating area inside and out.
If you want good, authentic mexican food, then look no further. Tia Cori's has what you're looking for. This place has excellent food. I come here for lunch all the time. It's always really busy, so if you don't like waiting then you might want to consider other options, but this place is always worth the wait. Everything from their burritos to their tostadas are amazing. Don't pass this place up!
I tried this place again for lunch after a previous bad experience. The people were friendly and my food came out quickly. I got the steak quesadilla and an order of chips and queso because it looked so good from photos. Nothing was overwhelmingly good. The queso tasted like it came from Walmart, definitely had better at every other Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. The steak quesadilla was okay, but too salty. I will not be back again.
Every time I come here I  have great service and fresh delicious food. Traditional style dishes with a modern kick. Easy to order, fast and lots of outdoor seating.
YUMMMMM!!!! I got both kinds of tamales and the man got the spicy pork fat, Barbacoa, and steak tacos. I must say that the Barbacoa is out of this world. Definitely one of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever been to. Highly recommend this place!
Wonderful Chili Rellenos, the best we have ever had.
Every once in a while I'll be fine and then all of a sudden I'll have a Tia Cori's craving that goes on for weeks. It could be because the food is not only authentic Mexican (which keeps me from resorting to Taco Bell's poor excuse for Americanized Mexican food) or it could be because they have some of the best food in town or it could simply be because they're the only place in town where I can actually get really good Queso Blanco. Whatever the reason may be, I'm not going to complain because Tia Cori's is the one of the best eateries in town. Every time I come I'm never disappointed; the food it's always hot, it's always delicious, seasoned to perfection, and the service is always above board. They go out of their way to make sure that you're satisfied with everything and they're constantly checking your table to make sure you don't need anything. It's refreshing break from some chain restaurants who's waitresses and waiters often times they're not even interested in whether you're comfortable or not. Plus the Mariachi band is a very entertaining, lol
Gross story. As I am sitting waiting for my food it wanted the tables near the front counter I noticed that the same gentleman that took my cash payment also was expediting my food as it was coming out. not only was he handling money before handling my food without washing his hands but I noticed he was eating a can of Pringles potato chips and licking his fingers between each chip before handling my food without washing hands. that's disgusting. The manager was also standing right next to him as he was eating potato chips. I still eat the food because Tia Coris is delicious.
Still sitting in the restaurant and I don't understand the negative reviews. This place was so delicious we had four different things and all were really tasty it had great flavor! I am from Southern California and know Mexican and this is great! So come and enjoy! Plus the staff were very friendly and attentive and my food came pretty quick!
Tia Cori's is one of my first stops whenever I visit Daytona. While Bikeweek seems to be dieing, Tia Cori has proven that great casual food will generate a loyal year round clientele. I've never been disappointed here. The only comparable Mex that I've found is Chini's Burritos in Coral Springs, FL
Currently still enjoying my beer here.  In town from San Diego and was looking for some tacos. A much needed tacos (al pastor $1.50) and beer spot ($2-$3).  If you are looking for a Mexican casual/quick bite, then  this is your spot. Hard to find good Mexican food outside of SoCal.  Next time Im in town, I'm trying the ceviche.
A great place to grab some quick authentic Mexican. The prices are great ($1.40 a taco/$2.70 a tamale/$1.70 a HORCHATA) and the food is great- plus BONUS- the staff is courteous and they quickly prepared and delivered our food. They have a soda fountain option, plus a HORTCHATA Fountain, add cinnamon to your liking! I went for Lunch and the restaurant was relatively empty, but had a steady clientele. There's the option to done outside, but in this oppressive FL heat I don't know why you'd want to! TL;DR: Great food Good prices Quick service
This place is awesome. It has the taco truck taste (amazing) but in a restaurant location. This little gem is probably the best I've had and I'm not even from Florida. I tried 5 things from the menu in the 3 times I went and I don't regret ordering any of them. 10/10 or 5/5 stars.
This place is great!  Great selection of beers to choose from and cheap, delicious food!  It's a hole in the wall, so of course it's bound to be good! I had chicken tacos and the chicken was so moist and flavorful, they don't scrimp on the amount of meat either.  I also had  queso, which you can get with or without chorizo, we opted for the plain queso which was very delicious.  We also ordered a side of guacamole which was good, but there was too much onion in it....or at least they were too big of chunks where the onion took over the flavor.  The chips that come with the dips are great!  They are homemade, the only issue I had with them though was that they kept cracking and falling apart into the dips because they were so delicate.  Tia Cori's also has great sauce, mild, medium or hot.  We chose the medium and the hot.  The medium is a green sauce with a little kick to it and great flavor.  My friend had the hot sauce and she's a huge fan of heat and she said is was extremely delicious and it was spicy for her which means most average people would find it extra hot! I'll definitely be returning there when I'm back in town.  Great spot!
Pretty good I always get 2 hard tacos steak n chicken and beef soft taco. Love the too hot for tia hot sauce.
Their chicken quesadilla is awesome! Also on Thursday's they have 2 for 1 margaritas for $4. They have really good hot sauces as well!
Amazing! If you love real, authentic Mexican this is your place. They have great homemade tamales with lots of meat on the inside, no skimping. Their corn tortillas are fresh and while not house made are gotten from a vendor that makes them fresh. Their prices were also quite reasonable for the quality. Muy bueno!
The line gets pretty long, waited almost an hour altogether to get my food. The owner(I think) was nice tho ,I went to the counter to see if my Togo is almost ready he informed me it would be 5 more minutes and I did get my order shortly after.   I got the chicken,steak tacos mex style and fish tacos. I like their sauces they're pretty spicy. However the tacos are just ok. I had high expectations because of all the reviews. The steak was tough and doesn't have any flavor by itself ,and the chicken also pretty plain without the sauce. The corn tortillas were pretty hard too ,it's like they didn't even cook my tortillas or something. Fish tacos were ok. I've had way better and authentic tacos elsewhere. I give it 3 stars because overall the food it's not bad but not great either. Was it worth the wait- not really Would I return- prob not ,sorry :(
I can only assume this place gets such positive reviews because there are a lot of college kids visiting Daytona who don't know any better (being used to Taco Bell).  OK tacos, Margarita, but nothing special. That's fine, we were all college kids at one time, but it's not drive out of your way Mexican by any stretch of the imagination (I had hoped). And to the girl behind the cash register: good job on turning a 3-star review into a 1-star review by getting 2 of our 5 items wrong (2 tacos instead of 3, salt on a no-salt Margarita), and then acting like it's a racial incident when I smile and politely say "I think you misunderstood my order." That qualifies as the worst service I've had in years.
Authentic, friendly and perfect If you are looking for a place that defines itself by it's food and the people that frequent it's establishment, this is the place The ceviche tostada and bisteak enchilada dinner were great Give it a try
I love it when you find a great local place with a friendly atmosphere and Tia Cori's is just that! The authentic Mexican tacos are served with fresh cilantro and onions and fresh lime- we tried the carnitas! The Plato De Bistec (Steak Dinner) A La Mexicana was FABULOUS with such a great flavor! Definitely give this place a try but if possible, go for an early or late lunch as the place is smaller and has a large lunch crowd!
The tacos are amazing, but unfortunately their customer service isn't. I don't know if the lady that helped us was having a bad, but she treated us like children and, when she saw that we were confused about the menu, she didn't care to guide us through it. It sucks that a place with such great tacos has such poor customer service. I hope they train their employees a little better.
This place is great! The only reason I have four stars is because the lines can be a little long during lunch hour and dinner time, which in turn causes a little bit of a wait for your food. Since this is a taco joint, I always get tacos. Get the Mexican style tacos (onions and cilantro). Any kind will not disappoint! Since there's a variety of meat to choose from, I don't pass up the opportunity to get different tacos. One barbacoa, one chorizo, and one chicken and I'm good to go! Add on a side of rice and beans and you'll have a great sized lunch for a very decent price! Check out Tia Cori's! It's a favorite of the locals and I'm sure it will become a favorite of yours too!
In town on business and really wanted Thai, but convinced myself to get Mexican. I was totally happy with my decision! Upon entering, I could tell it was a local favorite for friends, dates & families. The atmosphere was inviting & authentic. Nothing fancy, just right. You order, pay, get your drink and find a table. Your food is delivered and the staff will provide refills. I ordered several things so I could get a good idea of the place. Starting with the guacamole... Very good! Ate every drop! Chips were tad greasy for me, though. The ceviche tostada with hot sauce was my favorite! Cold seafood with warm shell, cilantro & hot sauce...hot damn! Shrimp sope was good- would've liked a knife. Thought it was too hard to eat. I never did get around to eating my pork tamale but I am sure it would've been yummy- I can just tell! I can see the appeal to this place! I would recommend to anyone and I hope I get a chance to go back for the tostada, tamale & guac!
Okay food. But horrible service. Waited so long for my food. Had to go ask them about it 5 times. They ended up finally bringing it over, only to give me the wrong order. They never gave me my tamales either. And when I asked for a refund, they gave me less than it cost. I had the steak dinner. It tasted like nothing. Ceviche was tough and flavorless also. Shrimp was drenched in oil. Pretty crappy. Cheap drinks though.
I can't say I enjoyed anything about this place, Its old, outdated and just looks greasy on the inside. Like an old greasy spoon diner yet the food is lacking in everything from presentation to taste.
I love chicken tacos -- these are my fav in the region! Mexican style chicken tacos, soft x3 -- go hot sauce (just a little!) you will be glad you did!
I have favorite Mexican places in Philadelphia (where I am from) and I have yet to find one here in Florida since I moved here ... Until I stumbled into Tia Cori's. Where do I begin! So I walked in and instantly fell in love with the vibe. This is no Mexican chain, this is the real thing! The mariachi music playing makes the atmosphere feel authentic. I had two tacos (American style), guac & chips... Homemade tortillas and chips rock!  a must go
Finally got a chance to pop into Tia Cori's for lunch! Small simple, little joint, that is a la carte; (you walk in and order at the counter and they bring your food to you when it's ready,) which is fine by me. There's a patio to chill outside, which is always a plus! Reminded me of a yummy food truck, but it's at the same place all the time! Their tortilla chips are deep fried which is is a nice change of pace, and I got the hot version of their salsa... yum, great flavor and spice! (And I like spicy!, I'll def try the extra hot next time as well!)  I tried the Carnitas (Pulled pork) and the Al Pastor (Pork in sauce) both Soft corn tortillas & Mexican style (Cilantro, onions, and Lime) ...you can American style as well (cheese, tomatoes, sour cream, & lettuce) but that's not so much my cup of tea, I like the flavors of the authentic style better, mmmmm love cilantro, lime and onions.. Out of the two tacos I tried, my favorite was the Carnitas, it was delicious! I added their hot salsa to it and will definitely be going back to get them again, and try some other things.
I don't understand why this place is so highly rated... We ordered chicken taquitos and a chicken burrito and they were just..... Bland. So disappointed. There was seriously no flavor. Are we missing something? Perhaps just a bad timing? I don't know... We microwave the cheap bag of burritos from the grocery store and they have more flavor. What we ordered seriously tasted mainly like water (over cooked rice maybe??) We were so ready to love this place because we loveeeee Mexican food and the location is awesome, but man what a disappointment. Too bad, we would have gone there all the time if they were even decent. I get more flavor from Taco Bell (ew)
Back in my hometown of Hamilton Ohio, there are plenty of Mexican restaurants to be found in the city. However, none of them compare to this establishment. The food is extremely tasty, the service is fast and friendly, and I am thinking about going back again before I leave town. Definitely try this place while you're in Daytona Beach!
I live in Philadelphia and this will ALWAYS be my FAVORITE taco spot! For $1.50, you cannot beat the delicious and variety of their Mexican style taco. And just for .50 cents more, you can have an American style taco and your choice of meat. Its a great place to go on a Friday night as the Mariachi Band serenades you with Latin tunes. I really love this place. They also sell other great dishes as well. If you're ever in town, check them out! Its in Downtown Daytona Beach... Adios!
The food was alright. Not bad, but nothing special. I guess that just might be because I'm so used to authentic Mexican food from Chicago. The staff seemed nice enough. Didn't wait too long to order, but the food took a good 10 minutes to come out. Prices arent too bad either.
Decor and outside eating area are not very nice aesthetically, but the tacos and the value sure do make up for it. Go on a Tuesday, when they have $1 (half price) tacos! They are the best I've ever had! Homeade tortillas, just the right amount of beef or chicken, and the best hot sauce i've ever had! I wish there was a place like Tia Cori's where I live. I would be there once a week! Best tecos ever!
Food is decent but it takes foreverrrrr.   Go before you're are hungry because you will be waiting for awhile.
I was really anticipating coming here all week since the reviews seemed to set this place to a high standard, but I just feel like it didn't live up to the hype.   We got a selection of things: steak burritos, chips and guacamole, and an order of shrimp tacos- all with their special hot sauce. The chips and guacamole WERE good, I'll give them that.  Fresh and deep fried tortilla chips and a well-balanced guac with lime and cilantro, it was honestly my favorite part.  The entrees were lacking, however. The steak in the burritos was juicy but I've had much fatter burritos for the same price.  Hardly any fillings (but they definitely weren't skimpy on the shredded cheese- I never thought there was such a thing as too much cheese, but trust me, there is). The shrimp tacos were what I was looking forward to the most.  They also disappointed the most.  The corn tortillas were just okay and the shrimp (the few that I could count on one hand) were tiny and under-seasoned.  The slaw crunch, tossed carelessly to the side, didn't do anything to help spice up the lack of flavor. Overall, not worth the price but it is good that they serve alcohol.
Good fish tacos but nickle and dimed me 53 cents for two very small wedges of lime for my fish tacos. Come on man!
My husband and I dined hear while on a mini vaca from Orlando.  I had read the good reviews on yelp so we checked it out.  It was wonderful and best of all cheap.  I love a deal.   We ordered the chips and salsa.  The chips were homemade as well as the salsa and it was some of the tastiest salsa I've had and then the chips rocked.   For the main dishes, I ordered 2 tacos Mexican style with cilantro and onion in a soft corn tortilla.  The meats I choose was the barbacoa and the al pastor.  Both very tasty, but I the barbacoa was the best.  My husband also order two tacos.  one Mexican style the other American style which was in a hard shell with lettuce, tomato and cheese.  He order the American taco with barbacoa and the Mexican taco with chicken.  He loved both, but the chicken was his fav.  He let me try it and it was so juicy and delicious.  We shared a pork with red sauce tamale.  This was also one of the best tamales I've ever had. I will now come to Daytona more often just to eat at this placed.  Absolutely loved it.
Coming from Vancouver, Canada. We were looking from a good and authentic Mexican restaurant, so we look up in yelp. It has pretty good reviews so we decided to check it up. I order the quesadilla was good, my sister got the tacos and were super delicious! The horchata was ok, nothing special.
Went to the new restaurant on Granada. I had the Barbacoa Burrito which was huge and mainly stuffed with meat.  More Yum.   The special 2.00 Margarita was tasty and potent and may have been an influence on this review. My husband had a Chile Relleno which was well stuffed and tasted like cheese and a fresh pepper.  The new location seems as good as the old but a little fancier.(Sit down service).
This place was awful. I am not sure why everyone is giving this place high ratings. Probably because its the only Mexican restaurant in Daytona. Living in California, we definitely have legit Mexican food and there is NO comparison! Go to Taco Bell! You'll be more satisfied.
I really don't understand the draw here. Maybe because there's little else in this area of Daytona. My colleague and I ate here for lunch last week due to the positive reviews, and it was probably the worst Mexican food I have ever eaten. The tortilla chips are thick and powdery, the corn tortillas for the enchiladas were overpowering to any of the filling in the enchiladas.  I couldn't even touch the re-fried beans, they were so runny and diarrhea-like. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I'm not likely to ever try it again.
Authentic Mexican food- hell yeah!! Tacos were great, enchiladas were pretty good, the ceviche tostada was horrible. Great little place. The employees were very friendly and grateful for us coming and and they were fairly busy.
Wife and I love this place and are there about once a week. Never had a bad meal and service is very good. One of my favorite places to eat anywhere.
Tia Cori's.. You funky little thing, you! We drove in to Daytona Beach late one night, using the city as a lay-over between Savannah and Naples. I wanted to find something tasty, and preferably authentic for dinner. We ended up at Tia Cori's, based off of fellow Yelpers reviews as we are not familiar with the area whatsoever. When you walk in, the ordering system is a little confusing however this could be attributed to exhaustion on my part as well. You have to walk up to the counter and order there, pay and somebody will then bring your food to you. It's like a 50% waiter service I suppose. Since she takes AP Spanish in school, we made our stepdaughter order in spanish to brush up on her skills. The staff was friendly and patient, and complimented her on her efforts. She ordered two chicken tacos and a chorizo taco American style (I nudged her in the chorizo direction, I felt she should try *something* authentic). I ordered two al pastor tacos Mexican style for my husband, and he ordered another one later on. If you do not eat meat, there is only a handful of options for you on the menu. They have fish and shrimp tacos, but only as an entree portion with rice and beans. I'd wish they would have the option for no-meat tacos a la carte like they do for their other tacos. I was not very hungry so alas, shrimp tacos were out. I opted for the ceviche instead. The ceviche was citrus-y, fresh and tasty. We enjoyed the fresh, homemade chips and salsa and my stepdaughter and I ordered a small guacamole. I liked the guac, but it was very heavy on the lime. If you add my ceviche in the mix, I had a very sour meal all around so I backed away from the guacamole. They have a bunch of homemade hot sauces and they are GOOD! The al pastor was juicy and great, I was told. My stepdaughter enjoyed the chicken, but the chorizo not so much (but that might be because her taste tends to be a little bland). Overall a good place to eat. They have jamaica and horchata which makes me happy any time of day. We will be back if we are ever in the area.
THE SCENE It was our first time visiting the Daytona Beach area and we would've been completely lost without Yelp. I feel like such a tool saying that but it's true. Touristy towns like this are infected with mediocre restaurants that claim to be the best or have huge lines that would make you think "Wow, that place must be really good!" but turn out to be real duds!  Tia Cori's is the kind of place where I would be a regular if it were in my own city. ------------ - - - - - - THE FOOD * Shrimp Taco plate (4/5) - Great meal, but a little expensive for what is basically a fast food joint. The beans, rice and veggie toppings made it taste great, but I needed just a slight amount of salt to bring out the flavor. * Pork Tamale (4.25/5) - My first taste didn't give me a great impression, but the flavor lingered and before I knew it my taste buds were begging for another bite. This would have benefited from a little melted Mexican cheese, but was very good even without. I would likely order this in all my future visits. * American Soft Beef Taco (3/5) - Not a fan of the shredded beef which was a bit bland to me. Would have much rather had ground beef on this "American" style hard shell taco. * Steak Quesadilla (3.5/5) - Lots of steak with a tasty grilled flavor. Also needed a slight dash of salt to enhance the flavor, but otherwise very good. * Caramel Churritos (3.25/5) - We've had much better at amusement parks, but these were ok. * The rice and beans were authentic in flavor and are a must have with any Mexican meal in my opinion. I generally hate cilantro (it tastes like soap to me), but I didn't seem to mind the use of it here. ------------ - - - - - - THE VERDICT It's a great place to get a tasty Mexican meal while visiting the Daytona area. We didn't find combination plates of food that were appealing so we pieced together our meal with individual items. The cost of each item itself is not much, but our bill was pretty shocking for a family of four after letting everyone choose what they wanted. However, it's a good value if you can control yourself... unlike my horde of savages after a long day of activities! Be sure to try the rice milk.
Pros: It's a local. Friendly staff. Clean bathrooms. It looks like a hole-in-the-wall kind of place but there's actually lots of room inside. We ordered basically one of everything and it was all tasty. The steak tacos were very, very good. Usually, Mexican restaurants that offer steak as an option tends to be very chewy and flavorless, but Tia Cori's was flavorful and tender. Spices were spot on for tacos. The Flautas were perfect. Drinks tasted pretty good and the Monday special for $2 house margaritas actually tasted great and were a good size for the price. Cons: Tipping is kind of awkward. You wait in a line to order and then they bring the food to you. There's a tip jar on the counter. Do you tip right away or after the meal? I don't like tipping up front because I feel like it hurts good servers and rewards bad ones. Anyway, you don't really get a server so if you want more drinks or food, you get back in line. I love tapas style restaurants and the a la cart style of Tia Cori's menu would suggest a tapas kind of experience but it's not. It's really more like a fast-food experience with exceptionally great food. That said, it is kind of nice to pay up front and be able to relax and leave whenever you want to. I gave this place four stars so there's really nothing to complain about, just something you want to know in advance so that you don't expect a typical restaurant. Other thoughts: The portions for everything are pretty small but the prices are small too. Don't order two tacos thinking you're going to be full. Expect to spend about $12 for a good sized meal if you buy individual items, which is pretty typical anywhere. The flan was super tasty but kind of small for the price, not sure whether to put that as a pro or a con. Overall: Awesome food with limited service. Everything we ordered was worth the price. I'll definitely be coming back again.
The food was tasty and came out fast. The environment was clean and calm. Our food order was short by 4 tacos and the staff argued it to the bone. We finally said "no big deal", and the waitress just walked away. As if she was waiting for us to give in.  Quite the victory for them. I'll definitely tip large next time I'm here.
We go hear offer when were in Florida. The food is great and the service is also great. We would recommend this if you like real Mexican food.
I loved the taste of the simple Mexican food here which in most Mexican restaurants fool us out.
I've been going here since September 2012 and as the years went buy the customer service has declined. Tia Coris has amazing food, but I don't think it's really worth it when your spending a hour in a line waiting for that food. The point is Tia Coris has gotten bigger and they can't handle the influx of people. The only thing making myself not rate this place one star is that the food is amazing and they are probably the best Mexican food joint in Daytona.
Easily some of the worst service ever. Good food but most was cold waiting for the final order to be filled. Took at least an hour to get an order of shrimp tacos to the table. Do not expect good service and maybe you won't be disappointed. Food could not overcome the poor service since the server NEVER apologized!
This place is way overpriced. The taste of the food Is just like any other average authentic mexican restaurant. However, they are overpriced.  The chips and dip we got were very small chips for 5.95, the sandwich was 7.95 no fries or any sides came with it. The quesadilla was 8.95 with no sides either. Overall, I don't recommend as I will not be going back.
I'd like to thank fellow Yelpers for helping me find this little Mexican spot. When I entered Daytona Beach I became a little concerned that there wasn't anywhere good to eat, but Tia Cori's Tacos was a great experience and really made my trip great. Once we parked we found ourselves on a strip of restaurants and shops. The palm trees, blue skies, and ocean breeze certainly created that beach town vibe. We were surprised to find that Tia Cori's was actually aesthetically pleasing with outdoor seating to the street and plenty of tables and booths inside. The cashier greeted us upon our entry and happily answered any questions we had about the menu. I decided to order their burrito ($7.00) and also a taco made both Mexican and American style ($2.00). I accompanied my order with an horchata ($2.00) with unlimited free refills! The chips tasted great. They were warm and toasty. The texture can be seen in the photography above. The chips were different from your typical tortilla chips and I actually felt a connection to the chips of Mema's Alaskan Tacos here. The horchata I had tasted great and wasn't too milky. The consistency of horchata is important. If the drink is too milky or watery, then it makes your throat close up, but this horchata was made just right. The burrito was quite large and I probably would have been satisfied with just the burrito if I wasn't trying to fully explore the menu during my visit. Well-made, the burrito maintained its structure during my meal. The burrito was slightly more expensive than the burritos you can buy in Tampa, but to include all the ingredients inside this burrito you would normally pay far more for this kind of burrito. This carne asada burrito included beans and rice, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and avocado as default ingredients. I did not have to pay 50 cents or $3.00 more to try and add ingredients that should be the standard in a burrito, which is one of my biggest complaints about Mexican food in Tampa Bay. Indeed, if you are given the opportunity to eat burritos in California, many of these ingredients are the standard and I applaud Tia Cori's Tacos on their inclusion of them. My taco was great and although some people might mention that I mixed American and Mexican ingredients together, it still created a delicious carne asada taco. The lime added some moisture to the meat and the flavor of the carne asada really came through with the hard shell taco. The flavor of the meat was a little masked in the burrito with all the other ingredients and the taco allowed me to enjoy the meat thoroughly. Everything tasted fresh. Overall, I was really impressed with Tia Cori's Tacos and began to wish this place was closer to home. They are open until 10PM on weekdays and 3AM on Friday and Saturday nights and I don't think any future visit to Daytona Beach would be complete with stopping by here and trying something on the menu. Tia Cori's Tacos was oddly enough one of the most memorable parts of my trip to Daytona Beach.
I do consider myself a taco expert and I can say they are pretty decent. My rating might not be as high just because I traveled all over Mexico, born and raised in Los Angeles and currently live in Houston. I can say they are 90% authentic and the salsas are good. The quality is good but I like my tacos a bit greasier. No grated yellow cheese will ever be in a truly Mexican taco. They did hit the spot since I travel weekly and I need my Mexican food to feel some what at home. I tried the tacos (soft corn tortilla tacos for the gringos) and the "al pastor" where good but I can say the "carne asada" tacos could use some improvement. A better quality marinated steak and/or seasoning would really make them awesome. The staff was great! The location was pretty cool for a taco shack. Would return with my green eyed friends, my brown eyed friends would probably not be so impressed.
The fish taco's were very good the atmosphere not so much. But your in Daytona Beach who care's.
Terrible experience.  I cancelled my order and left.  You walk in and are asked to go stand in line at the register even if you want to dine in, and then have to pick a meal off of a vague wall menu with no prices, so don't really know what you're getting or what you're spending. Then if you use a credit card, you're asked to sign it and total the tip even though you haven't sat down or even met your waitress yet. How am I supposed to know what to tip? She hasn't even served me yet! Then I asked to order a couple of a la carte items to add to my meal and was told I couldn't order them without ordering the full meal for each item.  Really?  Finally,  for my drink I asked for a water because it was late and I didn't want two be drinking caffeine, but I was handed a cup about the size of a Dixie cup. They were clearly saying screw you, spend money on soda or this is what u get. When I asked for a regular size cup she told me I would have to pay for a soda then. That's when I canceled my order and left.
Great place to relax with friends and have some tacos!  I enjoyed a meal here with my sister and niece.  The place was abuzz with customers, both inside and outside on the patio.  This made the place seem like the "in place" to be.  I have to admit that we were a bit confused as to whether we should secure the table first or get in line first.  There is no hostess.  Eventually, my sister grabbed a table and I stood in line and ordered for us.   I ordered chicken tamales and chorizo soft tacos (Mexican style).  I also ordered chips and Guac.  The guacamole was to die for!  It was so fresh and it was seasoned just right!  I could have eaten a bowl of that all by itself!  The tamales were probably the best tamales that I have ever tasted!  And I have tasted a lot of tamales.  The chicken was seasoned and not dried out.  The tamale was fresh and seasoned properly as well.  Just thinking about it makes me want to grab another one very soon! Chorizo tacos were delicious as well. I would like to go on a Friday night to hear the mariachi band.  The prices appear inexpensive, but by the time you order a couple of tacos, a couple of tamales, chips, Guac, drinks, it all adds up pretty quickly. This is truly a great tacqueria!
Really good Mexican, really cheap....and the best part is that it's not a chain.  This place is only about 2 miles from the main drag by the speedway.  If you want to get away from the chains, this is the place to come. We had a total of two tacos, queso with sausage, and 2 other things for under for under $15!  The service was fast and they have a decent amount of outdoor seating.  My favorite is the tacos Al Pastor.
Quite possibly the best simple, authentic, yet fresh (and in some cases highly-innovative) Mexican food I've ever had. Ever. Better than anything in New Mexico, even. Simply the best. Their al pastor tacos are done perfectly and come in ample portions, but the chips and especially their guacamole are what really stand out: the best guacamole ever. The interior and outside seating areas are, for an inexpensive, simple, spot like this very inviting, romantic, and pleasing on a summer evening. The interior is done up in warm earth-tones and tile-work and you really feel like you're somewhere special. As a bonus, on the Friday night I was here, a mariachi band was roaming around playing traditional mariachi and ranchera music and they were beyond good--in fact, they were far beyond the caliber of mariachi you'd ever expect in Daytona Beach. I listen to Rocío Dúrcal, Lucero, Pandora, and other mariachi and ranchera music so this wasn't just window-dressing to me in the least, but a rare treat to hear music of this level of performance in a simple taquería. Even if you're not crazy about mariachi though, go for the incedible food at very low prices and the outstanding location and atmosphere.
The best authentic Mexican food in the Daytona Beach area. It's extremely affordable and open super late on the weekends for those looking for a late-night snack. Food is wonderful. Staff is extremely friendly. Tacos are great, but chat with the staff about other dishes to try. They will give you tips on their favorites, which sauces go well with them, etc.
A nice location for taco's that won't empty your wallet.  I had three tacos, Mexican style with chicken.  The great thing about the Mexican style tacos is it doesn't have all the cheese on it, which means less calories! I did splurge on a side of refried beans, but I'm sure beans aren't all THAT bad for you.  If anything, you'll just get gas for awhile...
Great food and super nice employees. There was a mariachi band there one time. Very cool. The prices are about average for mexican food in the area. Not too expensive. Try their tacos Mexican style instead of American for a refreshing change of pace.
Mexican spot truly authentic. Prices are more than fair,. We have been 3 times, service the first time was great, the second and third time the service was slow and the food barely warm. I still like it but will not tolerate slower service and subpar food..If great food, we will overlook service. Give them a try.
What a great little find! Great food and very reasonably priced! Not very often can we go out and feed our family of 6 on less than $30. We had lunch there 2 days in a row =)
I never thought I'd find a Mexican place like this in Daytona.  It is AMAZING.  The homemade tortillas are the best I have ever had and the price point is very low.  Horchata is on tap and really tasty. This is a great place to go for REAL Mexican food-no free chips and salsa here!!  The Mexican style taco with pork is to die for!!
04/06/2012, 04/14/2012, 04/17/2012 We were at Daytona Beach the weekends before and after a Disney vacation, and we tried to stay away from the touristy chains and pizza places on the main drag.  We found Tia Cori's via Yelp, and we were so glad we did!  We ended up eating from there three times while we were in Daytona (once onsite, twice carryout), and every time was great!  The first time was on a Friday night, and we ate in the restaurant.  It was busy, but not overly crowded, which was definitely a plus.  They had horchata and tamarindo drinks available for refills along with fountain drinks.  There was a mariachi band, and they were very friendly and even posed for pictures with our kids.  The owners are originally from Chicago, so we had rapport immediately since we're from Champaign.  Some of the staff even remembered us visit-to-visit. Favorite items: - Tacos (Mexican style) -- I tried these with all the meats available minus the chorizo (asada, chicken, al pastor, carnitas). - Anything with the Al Pastor! - Chicken quesadillas, this was a big favorite with the wife + kids, we ordered at least 4 over the three visits. - Great chips + white cheese dip,and the guacamole was _very_ good. Overall, everything was extremely fresh and tasty.  The staff was very friendly.  Great taqueria-style food, and the prices were pretty reasonable.   I was very happy that we found them early in the trip.  I'm hoping that they will consider opening a restaurant in Champaign someday.!
A tucked-away place next to the downtown post office. It's a funky, order-at-the-counter kind of restaurant. I like being able to eat outside. Eating outside is one of the pleasures of living in Florida.  Prices are right. There can be a crowd at noontime, but the staff bustles to get everyone served. I'd comment on the menu except that I always get the same thing: burrito, al pastor. I look forward to eating this, so there is no reason to have anything else.
I was in town for Thanksgiving break since Husby is from here.  He went golfing so I decided to find a good place for lunch and Yelp led me here. It is downtown off this boulevard and is not a large place.  I ordered chips with guacamole and three Mexican style tacos.  It was inexpensive and the food was brought over to me quickly.   I thought the chips would have been warm but the guacamole was delicious.  Chunky and creamy, it had great acidity.  The carne asada and carnitas were excellent but the chicharrone was a bit mushy where I was expecting crispy skin.  Generally, I am used to two tortillas but the one held it all together.  The flavors were bright and fresh - every ingredient complemented each other well.   This was certainly a hidden gem and I would come back again!
We were in town for BiketoberFest and needed a break from the bar food we'd been eating.   And stopped here and I am really glad we did.  The menu is great but I like to ask the people who work there what they like.  I got a couple of recommendations and ordered ala cart.  So glad I did,  everything was perfect, fresh and arrived to the table hot.  You can tell fresh ingredients are being used.  Also the folks who work there are great and very attentive. I only wish my riding buddy liked "real" Mexican food instead of nasty Taco Bell.   Please try this family run small business and then tell others about it!  Thanks for my best meal in Daytona this trip.
Overwhelmingly great reviews but I just did not find it that fantastic.  I like bold flavors and food that is alive.  The soft tacos here just were bland and lacking any flavor.  I had to sauce them up to give them some taste. Good service, nice little place but just to me not worth all the hype.
EXCELLENT spot for lunch! We have been trying to make our way downtown to eat here for weeks, and every time we had the opportunity the place was simply too packed to go in. It's counter service, with delivery to the table. The food is reasonably priced, and is made to order. The chips are so fresh the oil from the fryer still glistens on them. The atmosphere is fun, with a touch of local hangout. It's definitely a place to return to.
Visited this place while on vacation with my family in Daytona last year. A local directed us here and i am so glad he did. We came on Mexico's independence day there was a long line but well worth the wait. They had $1 beers which sold me :) and mariachi bands. So much fun! However lets get to what matters the food! You have to try the queso its delish! I had chicken quesadilla and american taco. Everything taste so good I couldn't believe it! I would say this is the BEST mexican food i have ever had. Also the prices were very good. We will be coming back on vacation this year.
Great food and service. This was the first time that my wife and I explored this place and we were not disappointed. The food is very well priced especially for being downtown area of Daytona. I will be back once again!
For me, a non-meat eater, I suppose there are some good options.  I like that there is a tostada on the menu.  I tried the sope, very first one. . .it'sok but I would rather spend my calories elsewhere. Loved the rice and beans. . .simple and unadulterated, yet tasty. The atmosphere is very minimal and honest.  I like that. They really could charge more;  I doubt many would complain as the prices are really just beyond cheap.  If I'm ever in the mood for Mexican in the Daytona area, I'll make sure to drop by.
The tacos tasted very fresh and the hot sauces are made there. The sauces get extremely hot! They have one made with ghost peppers...I guess that means eating it will surely come back to haunt you later (if you know what I mean). Very pleasant staff. Cant go wrong with the american style taco with steak. Seating indoors and outdoors. $2 TACOS!
Best fish tacos I have ever eaten, period.  I would not expect to find the best fish tacos in Daytona Beach but wow...delish!!  You can choose either fried fish or grilled, I went with grilled...fantastic flavor!!  Get the dinner... you will want all 3 of these tacos!   (visited early February)
Good food, clean place, nice staff, and open late! I have been here a couple of times and enjoy it.  Authentic and yummy.  But, if you are expecting more of the taco bell style tacos, this is NOT it, but you should still try it out.  I have never had a bad experience.   I love that they are open late, which is great because we are night owls since we work 2nd shift.  I also am the type of person who calls ahead because I hate to wait around waiting for my food to cook when it could have been doing that on my way.  But, here, they are so quick I order there.  Super yummy every time.  Place is always clean and I like the simple "homey" look.   I say give it a try!  :-D
The mere fact that a place like this exists in Daytona Beach is mind blowing. Tia Cori's was a great experience and a breath of fresh air from weekly Chipotle. I ordered the ceviche and a carnitas (pork) burrito). The ceviche was on sale that day for $2 (normally $3.50), and the burrito was $8, but with the 10% student discount, the bill came out to be less than $9. The ceviche was good, but the burrito was a bit lacking in flavor. I think it was mostly the carnitas, since everything else in the burrito had good flavor and texture. Most definitely coming here again to try their other fare.
Speaking of tia coris in ormond beach.  Close at 3pm on sundays and closed on monday!  Seriously?  We got there just before 3 and they really should have just told us they were closed....instead, they reminded us constantly and suggested that we order our meal as we were ordering our drinks..since they were closing!  Food was NOT good and excessive upcharges!  They turn ed away 3 parties in 30 mins. Dont think they'll be there long either.
The food is solid and it's done a la carte. I recommend soft tacos done Mexican style. Olé!
You need to come to this place!!!  Good food and service!  Tacos mexican style are the best.  I had only one and was enough to get sixteen of them.
Well worth the price! One of the best lunch spots in Daytona.
Great food and great prices. The hours of operation are also a plus when you have been out drinking!
As authentic as Mexican food can get in Daytona Beach. And it's so awesome! :)
Great little mexican spot that even keeps some late hours for the bar crowd on beach street.   Tacos are made from all fresh ingredients, and they are stuffed.  Totally would put anything from taco bell to shame.   Place was real busy at lunchtime on a weekday and I see why. My first experience with horchata (rice milk I think).  It will not be my last. Fresh food, authentic feel, friendly staff, indoor / outdoor seating, good value for your money, not sure what else you're looking for.
The place doesn't look like much, but WOW is it good! I had carne asada and shrimp tacos, plus guacamole and two margaritas. All of it was top-notch, and the prices were great.
Delicious and authentic. From the flautas to the tortas, to the tamales to the tacos. I couldn't  believe how inexpensive it was compared to the quality. Highly recommend.
Interesting place in a cool location. We drove all the way from the interstate. I tried the beef tongue taco tasted off kind of gamey. Nothing was great but they were nice people. I would definitely go back to see if they improve,  but they need to improve. Salsa should be fresher, more veggies get rid of beef tongue or serve it correctly al pastor was weak, needed to reflect more meat taste look forward to returning
Greasy!...We had the chili rellano and Mexican street tacos and a chicken burrito....lousy! But to be fair the guacamole was ok. We won't be back.
I'm not exactly obsessive/compulsive by any means when it comes down to cleanliness. However, I prefer that the tables are clean and that the bathrooms aren't gross. My fiance and I wound up having to eat outside on the patio because of the inside of the restaurant being dirty. The food was great, I had the chicken tacos which were okay and my fiance had the steak tacos, which he said were okay, but nothing to write home about. The live band was okay, but, since there was an event happening at the News Journal convention center, the manager went outside and tried to coax those passing by the entrance of the restaurant to stop for tacos, so, that was absolutely annoying.
Authentic dishes prepared fresh and served quickly by a crew that enjoys their work and really knows how to do it right. Tia Cori's is much like the many small Taquerias I've frequented in Southern CA , Texas and Baja and the dishes are just as authentic. Try your taco "Mexican Style" which is very simply garnished with onions, cilantro and a splash of fresh lime . All the classic Mex fillings for your tacos, burritos, etc, made fresh to your order and delivered promptly. They have a good selection of both Domestic and Imported beers to accompany your lunch, dinner or snack as well. What's not to like? The recently completed expansion with tables makes for a lot more room inside in conjunction with the original counter seating and there' still plenty of space outdoors for those who prefer to take their meals out to the patio dining area. If you like authentic Mexican dishes prepared properly, this is a "must visit" spot.
I only tried the tacos, but I was plenty happy! Cheap, tasty, hardly any wait even during the lunch rush (and yes, there is quite the rush!). I don't know Daytona well, but I'm guessing they're easily the best tacos you'll find here.
Hands down best Mexican food I've had in awhile. I love Mexican food so much if you are ever in Daytona stop by here!!!
If I could give zero stars, I would - service was THE worst I have ever experienced. 6 of us went for dinner on a Sat night, place was only about 1/2 full, no line to order at register. So we sat down outside, waiting for our tacos, & 1 quesadilla. After about 30 minutes with no food, we sought out a waitress to ask if it would be much longer. The waitress was apologetic, said not much longer & would give  us some chips & salsa for our inconvenience. She also mentioned that the bigger parties coming in took priority & got served first (Weird in itself, plus there were 6 in our party, & we obviously did not take priority).  30 minutes AFTER that, we had watched an 8-top, 2 fours, & 2 doubles sit down, get their food & leave before we got anything. Went to ask for our money back, and coincidentally the food was on it's way out of the kitchen. We decided to just stay & eat since it was there & by this time it's nearly 10 pm & we're all starving. Food was NOT great, & I did regret eating it later that night. No apologies from any one there (other than the one time), no comps, no manager came to placate us, nothing. The entire time, nobody ever even asked if we wanted anything to drink, after the initial order inside at the cash register. Oh, & we never got the chips & salsa either. We will NOT be back, & all our friends will be told.
The food was good. It was good service could be a little bit faster but it was still fine.
