We had just come from the pub next door, I was feeling blue because my shoe had broke and I could really use a good taco before our cab showed up. My best friend ordered a taco and I asked for anything he would recommend. He asked me what I liked and made me some great enchiladas. Then we had great convo's and he offered to fix my shoe so I could walk. Customer service at its finest. My best friend and I were very happy when we left.
The tacos were decent and the staff was incredibly nice but I was a but underwhelmed based on the high yelp reviews. The atmosphere is very lacking here. Normally I dont consider that a deal breaker; in fact minimalism can be charming sometimes. I wasn't bothered by the stark interior, or the plastic chairs but I was bothered by the fact that the restaurant was very dark which made it look more dismal than it needed to. Also, there was a show called 'America's Dirtiest Jobs' playing on the tv right bedside where I was eating. That's not something I want to watch at lunchtime! The food was good but could use some improvement in some areas. The chicken was tender and very well seasoned. However, it was also greasy which made it hard to eat because the tortilla fell apart. I did think the tortillas were very good before they hit grease soaked and I liked the fact the tacos came with a lime. I imagine that in a place like Daytona, there are probably tons if cheesy tourist traps and I loved that this place reAlly felt like a place where locals go. with a little less grease, some brighter lighting and an avoidance of showing gross shows on TV, this place could be great. I plan to try it again but will probably go for a different taco and hope that the meat is less greasy.
I very much enjoyed my meal and talking to the owner Ritchie.  I had a hard time finding them initially because they are tucked in between a couple other businesses on Seabreeze Ave. but after a quick call I found them (close to Daytona Tap Room).  I was a little put off by the atmosphere.  It appeared closed and dimly lit but I was in the mood for authentic tacos.  I was mildly disappointed they only had two to choose from (ground beef and chicken) but I ordered three one beef and two chicken and they were very good.  Authentic.   I need to disclose that I recently moved here from Central IL and there is a large population of Mexican immigrants with several authentic taco stands (inside grocery stores, etc), so I'm very spoiled however, to date I haven't found anything as close to "little Mexico" back in IL here in Daytona / Ormond Beach.  This is the closest thing I've come across.  Where are all the Mexicans Daytona?  Damn. The owner is very friendly and working to open another place soon (MexiGo) and I wish him nothing but good luck and positive vibes.  I think they could kick it up a couple notches on Sea Breeze but what do I know ;-) I very much enjoyed my meal and I will return and plan to try the new venture when they open later in the year (9/2014 or 10/2014). Good luck Ritchie (sp?), I'm pulling for you!
CLOSED - Because of the good reviews, I've been trying to eat here for the past couple of weeks but they have not been open.  The phone number doesn't work.  I stopped by today, 10/13/14, the sign & the furnishings are gone.
We were in town at the beach and wanted a light dinner.   What a good choice We had some Pork, Fish, and Steak tacos and they we excellent. We got to meet Richie and found out everything is made fresh daily. Both he and his wife  were very friendly They are on SeaBreeze a block off A1A next to Joseph Taylor Jewelry -  the jewelry store has a big sign Richies does not.
Hidden Gem! Hard to find if you're not looking for it but worth the search. Great authentic Mexican food cooked expertly with fresh ingredients. Had three tacos with the different meats they offer, not a single one disappointed along with one of the most flavorful quesadillas I've had. I highly recommend stopping in for a quick bite of some delicious Mexican.
Seems a bit shady when first walking in because its small, but that didn't completely put us off. The presumed owner just hung out & called out to someone while we stood there awkwardly. A very nice female came out and showed us the menu which was small and simple. I ordered a steal burrito with the whole shebang and my husband had quesadillas with onion and cilantro in it. They were both fantastic. I've been to a couple of Mexican places since moving here to FL and this is by far my favorite. I would actually consider this authentic Mexican food and will definitely have to come back next time I'm in Daytona.
closed!!! closed!!! closed!!! for good...
Really simple place, but delicious food! Fresh ingredients! Richie told us how our fish tacos had just been caught the day before.
This is a small quaint place that amazed us. We tried the chicken, steak, pork and fish tacos. The homemade hot sauce is amazing as well to top off the tacos. The Chicken tacos are a little spicy, but so good. You must try this place when in Daytona.
Decided to try Richie's after reading the other reviews on Yelp. We tried the steak, chicken, fish, pork and beef tacos. All were delicious! Also enjoyed talking with the owners. Highly recommend if you are in mood for some authentic Mexican tacos.
We went to Richie's because it was close to our hotel & we didn't know what else was available.  And we stumbled on a little hidden gem.  It's a little stripmall type place, dark & barebones. But Richie is an Art Institute culinary graduate & uses only fresh ingredients & no MSG.  I had a delicious chicken burrito which was priced very reasonably.
Delicious tacos and the nicest staff! I was in town for a convention and stopped in for an early dinner on my own. I dislike eating out alone but they made me feel so welcome and the service was great. I didn't have to wait long for my food to come out. If you are in Daytona Beach and craving tacos be sure to visit!
This is a newer  mexican taco shop. I live around the corner so I tried it our. Well needless to say, I have been back 4 times in one week.   Very cheap prices, and great authentic  mexican tacos.  I have tried the burritos and tacos. The tacos are 3 for $5 or $2 a piece. The burritos is huge and they had a special burrito and drink for $5.50, I love good tacos and it seems so hard to find a good inexpensive place around here.  Plus the people that work there are extremely friendly and polite.  So give this place a chance because all though its a little hole in the wall spot, Its really worth it. The only downside would be street parking.
First time here. So glad we came in! Super friendly service. Amazing , delicious, tasty, authentic  tacos! Highly recommend!  We will definitely be coming back and look forward to trying other items on the menu.
Today was my first visit here. Honestly I was headed to Tias but they were packed and I'm not one for crowds. I helped another taco joint and this place came up not even a half mile away. I have to say I'm so glad to try it, the food was excellent! The menu is limited but that doesn't matter,  the quality and the service made up for it.  I'll  definitely be back.
Awesome tacos! We were a little concerned when no one was inside, but then Ritchie came over and started talking about the menu and it sounded so good we went for it. A few bites into our first tacos we started ordering more. The heat is perfect and the flavor combinations really unique. We tasted basically all their meats, and each had its own distinct and delicious taste. Great service, great food, great price. We tipped well and would recommend Ritchie's tacos to anyone in the area!
We saw this Mexican place on yelp. It did not disappoint. Tacos were delicious. Pork taco is the best. They are very small shop, which is what we were looking for; a definite upgrade from the no taste chains.
This was my first time coming to richies taco shop. Its a little hard to spot at first, but look for the sign out front. I had the steak buritto and rice and black beans. I really liked what I ordered. The buritto had good flavor, so did the beans.  The owner was really friendly and the prices were pretty reasonable. This is now one of my favorite mexican places in daytona!
Friendly staff and delicious food!  Everything was good! Fish tacos were great!  All food was spicy and yummy.  Reasonably priced for great quality.
Great tacos!!  We had a combination of fish, pork and chicken. Loved all three. Very nice people. Worth a visit.
