Great food, great atmosphere, playground for kids and fair prices. Will definitely come back again!
The fish is fresh and the service fresher! Enjoyed Ahi Tuna, pan seared with sesame - excellent!. Good salad bar and appetizers were also delicious. This restaurant has a a vast about of seafood meals to choose from and plenty of fresh fish. The entree come with delicious hush puppies and cinnamon roll. There are also many odd choices for the yankee guests to try such as gator bites, shark  and frog leggs. The waiter was snappy and provided updates on our meal preparation  What more could you ask for in a seafood restaurant. .
Soo delicious! Great service! Our waitress was the sweetest women and the food was out of this world! Cinnamon roles melted in your mouth, I would recommend to anyone visiting from out of town. Not fancy smancey but great for dinner with the family or with friends!
After people telling me for years to try this restaurant, I found it to be minus mediocre. The food was not worth the bill. Hushpuppies, dry and tasteless; the beer batter on fish, way too heavy and greasy and the clam chowder was average.The ambiance is only saved by a view of the river. This is not a place I would return to on any recommendation! Over priced for the quality and the parking is way too tight and too few spaces for the capacity of the restaurant.
The views are amazing. However the food is just ok. It's not the best seafood I have ever ate like some say. It's very greasy and loaded with fat. But the salad bar if very good and the desserts are really good too. It's a good place for a family dinner just don't expect something amazing.
Always great food.  Best to arrive before 4 or call ahead for seating.  Had 2hr wait last visit.
Sat on the patio, which was nice. Looked up and at the top of the window near the light was a dead cockroach. At least it was dead! Did I mention I liked the pianist outside playing classic rock/easy listening tunes? The rum runner was good. Uh... Um..... The cornbread was good. The service was solid.
Brought family here after reading reviews. Was a 1 1/2 + hr wait but with the dock & the show the dolphins put on for us made it bearable. The food portion size was huge. Fried green tomatoes were outstanding & the corn bread was great. Wish all the food had been great though. It was just okay. Salad bars were on the small side, not what I was expecting after reading the reviews. If your looking for a nice place to eat on the water, give it try. Server was good & went out of his way. Wish I could remember his name. We would go back again. Live music for dinner - not good but live.. lol
Eh. This was my third time at Aunt Catfish's. Each time we go I WANT to like it, but walk away with just an "ok" opinion. This is not the place to go if you are looking for a healthy meal! However, if you are looking for heavy, warm-the-soul, plentiful dishes - head on over.
A very popular place on the river. Always great home cooked style food, and very good service.
Eating good food while looking at the Intercoastal is a double treat, plus you can saunter out to the end of their long dock to work off what you've eaten and get an up close and personal look at the water. The Citrus Salmon is done just right and they have baked sweet potatoes. The reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is that they're always busy and the line of people waiting to be seated means that the waitperson will rush your dining experience.  If you want to have a long conversation with your dining companion/s go during the middle of the week or after 7:30pm for dinner.
Waited about 45 minutes for a table.  Of course there were 7 of us, so it was a semi large party, but we ended up sitting at a table that had been empty the entire time we waited.  The waitress was unpleasant and abrupt.  The food, well, it was over priced and just so, so.  I can say that this restaurant did not live up to the hype.
We ate here twice while on vacation in the Ormond Beach area. Everyone in our party loved the salad bar and fixin's! I would recommend getting there by 4:30, as the wait later can be really, really long. We had wonderful service on each visit, and the food was great. We also had the fun of seeing two manatees. I would recommend waiting for a downstairs table if you plan on getting the salad bar since it requires trips down and back up the stairs. It would not be a problem unless your party includes someone with mobility issues or small children. Overall, we had a great dining experience here and would go back if visiting the area.
I am giving my opinion on the restaurant but if you ask my husband he would probably give them a 5 star rating because he loves the catfish!  I wanted the shrimp but they didn't have any so I went with the special of the day which was mahi.  It was ok.  The salad bar was great but the other food was a bit unhealthy.  Hey, we were on vacation though and our family of 5 was seated on a Saturday night within 15 minutes because we agreed to eat outside.  Our kids loved the cinnamon rolls that came with our meals and probably would have been happy just eating them.  If you like fried hubs said the fried catfish is the bomb!
Went here upon advice of buddy.  It was great.  Had the catfish, fixing bar and salad bar was great also.  Wonderful hush puppies, cinnamon rolls, corn bread.  The service was spot on.  Just a great relaxing evening dining out
Amazing food....cinnamon rolls are the best!! Kinda slow service
First time I had Sunday brunch.  Let me tell you amazing!!!!  With good old fashion southern hospitality
Had dinner on 1 Feb 13 and it was great, but the best part was Melissa, our waitress.  Each of four of us had catfish, flounder, mani mahi, and catfish - all were fabulous and the lemon caper sauce was killer.  Thanks to Auntie Catfish and especially to Melissa who works the second floor on the on weekends.
ALWAYS come here when in Daytona Beach area...LOVE the food...new menu, VERY expanded ..but..a bit confusing. There is an 'early bird' menu, but once you've added the extras like the 'fish camp sides' (cornbread, cheese n grits, baked beans..) and salad bar, it ends up being the same cost really. Some 'sides' are more than others and you have to pay attention to which ones...found greek sauteed spinach on one page and garlic sauteed spinach on another, sounded yummy...server said it was the same thing and yes, it would be upcharged..even though it was only mentioned one one page. Also, they've done away with the traditional 'Aunt Catfish' legend on the menu, which sort of made me sad...crispy river catfish, groovy shark bites and gator burger! Be greated by 'cousin' (insert servers name here)...sit outside, visit the giant catfish on the pier...great for families and kids..view is awsome, windows all around- BOOTHS and tables to choose from~!
A very disappointing visit. The food was bland and boring. My wife had the Surf and Turf (ribeye and shrimp) and the meat was cooked ok but tasteless and drab. My appetizer of baked oysters tasted bland and can only be described as unappetizing - give me raw oysters any time. My fish and chips were tasteless but the martini and the bottle of wine were ok. We won't be back.
This place is amazing! The service was fast and friendly, the unsweet tea was excellent, and the salad bar that comes with any meal is great. I got the fire roasted oysters and I can say that I have NEVER had oysters that were as good as these. They were simply amazing and I devoured them. The fire roasted oysters were gluten free and the waiter was knowledgeable on gluten intolerance.  They do not have a dedicated gf menu but there are several great gf options on the menu, just make sure you talk to your waiter about it. BTW I suggest getting the sunday as a great gf dessert option.
This was recommended to me by a friend. We love seafood and took our family and really enjoyed the food. It was extremely fresh and the environment was comfortable and clean.  The service was friendly. I will tell others to also give this restaurant a try.
Out of all the seafood restaurants in Daytona, Aunt Catfish would have to be my favorite. The food is so good! My favorite part of Aunt Catfish is the hot bar, which has cornbread, BBQ bake beans, cinnamon stewed apples, cheese grits, and cole slaw. The salad bar is also tasty! The cinnamon roll that comes with the entrees is very good as well. This time I ordered key lime pie for dessert, and it was delicious. The only down side was probably the wait, but it definitely was worth the wait. My advice, get there early so you don't have to wait so long! If you come during the regular dinner time, then you will be waiting for a very long time. Also there is a a boardwalk you can walk along the river and there is a playground for the kids. So when you are in the Daytona Beach area, you need to stop at Aunt Catfish!
So I'm in Daytona Beach, Fl with my boo cakes and a couple friends from school. I've been craving seafood all summer so of course when my friend suggested a seafood spot, I didn't turn it down. I whipped out my fancy phone and tried to find where to eat. We actually went to another place and it ended up being a fish market.... Not bad at least I knew we were close to fish. We asked someone that worked there or may have owned it, where can we get some amazing seafood from and he recommended Aunt Catfish. We looked at each other cause of the weird name but decided to go check it out. When we got there the wait for ridiculous o we killed some time at the bar ordering margaritas for the ladies and long island ice teas for the fellas. When we finally got seated we went to the salad bar to start feeling healthy. Then we hit up the bar thingy and got some cornbread and grits. MMMMM MMM MMMM it was tasty. I'm from NY and NY grits are completely different from the south grits. Our waiter was amzing and so nice and patient with us while we scanned the menu. There were so many tasty options that it took us a while to order. We ordered a variety of sea food dishes and I tried alligator for the first time. (soooo good by the way)  Everything was amazingly good and very well cooked. I loved every minute of it and will make this a staple place to visit if I ever find myself back in the Daytona Area.
Can I tell you that I love this place. First you are served by "Cousin" whoever and it is such a quaint and warm place. I think that my favorite thing is the cinnamon rolls. They are so delectable. My next favorite thing is the salad bar. For the longest Ruby Tuesday had the best salad bar and those of you who have been going there since we were kids know what I am talking about. They have a great salad bar and they also have a warm food bar. The one thing that I have to write about is their potato salad on the salad bar. The reason being is that I HATE potato salad to its core, unless it is German potato salad. My Aunt Dories used to tell me you will like mine and no I didn't. Sorry Aunt Dories. I must say that I like my Aunt Catfish's potato salad. It is delicious. Maybe that was the Aunt that my Aunt Dories was talking about...LOL. Beyond the potato salad you can't go wrong, especially when you go fried. You can throw some batter on just about anything fry it in that hot grease and come out with a masterpiece. I always enjoy the catfish or shrimp.  The clam chowder was just okay, it is hard for anyone to beat my beloved Cheesecake Factory clam chowder. Love this place and it is great for family dining.
Amazing. I went thirteen times in 30 days. The service was flawless time after time, the food was amazing. Literally nothing I could complain about at this place. It's perfect.
Chicken strips, hush puppies, salad bar. All rally good
Awesome!! The peel and eat shrimp were great along with the corn bread and salad bar!!
Great Southern Seafood!!
We went here yesterday morning for their breakfast brunch and it was very good.  The staff is friendly and the food was awesome.  Will be going back again!
While growing up, we enjoyed going to Aunt Catfish's everytime we made our annual trip to Daytona. Haven't been here in many years, happy to report that it hasn't changed all that much.  Same salad bar, good service, etc. Only complaint was the ribs. I ordered the ribs, thinking that for $17.99 it would be a full rack of baby back ribs.  Not so. I received THREE ribs. When I asked the waitress about it, she said that there was more meat on their ribs than I would receive in a full rack of baby back. I was skeptical, but didn't want to make a scene or send them back, so I just kept quiet. Lesson learned.
Excellent service, great salad bar.  Nice dinner
We went here based on the many reviews we read on Yelp. We had an "A-OK" time, but this is not a culinary who-hoo, IMHO. The wait is too LONG - even calling ahead, we waited almost 90 minutes on a Saturday evening. The bartender was downright rude when we got our first drink. The second time, he had adjusted his attitude, but the damage was already done. I ordered fried shrimp, my partner ordered fried catfish. Both were fine, but really, did not seem worth the hype. I guess the big deal is that the food bar makes it easy to eat all you care to stuff yourself with.  After an hour to 1 1/2 hour wait, you might be hungry enough to be impressed by that. The food bar includes several types of salad and hot sides. The live music and people watching are decent, if you're looking for the ultimate tourist-trap experience. If you're looking for a quality dining experience, you might want to keep looking.
We went there on Saturday night. They had Live music playing that made the wait not Seem as long. We had fried shrimp and oysters food was delicious service was Outstanding. If you are  ever in Daytona I would recommend this place to anyone.
Food isn't as great as its made out to be. Went with a few friends and got the calamari and the Cajun shark bites to start. They were probably the best part of the meal. The shark bites were cooked well and the cajun gave it a good kick. The calamari was also pretty good. I got the Gator burger for an entrée. To me it was a bit bland tasting as well as the fried catfish. Neither really had much flavor. Also our service wasn't that great either. Our waitress knew next to nothing about the menu or even how some items were prepared. Overall this place gets  stars because it wasn't a terrible experience, just not as good of service or as great of food that it's made out to be. I could take it or leave it.
Mediocre at best. Went there with a group of people who had been before and they were bragging how great the food was.   I had the alligator and fish, the alligator was good the fish was not that great.   I've eaten at a lot of hole in the wall places that had much better food then this place did.   Not impressed.
Okay well first of all let's start out by saying that their food is amazing. Our family has been coming here for over thirty years-and they're slowly going downhill. Their service is pretty awful. I had shoulder surgery a month ago and my sling is so big that I need a table. When we were taken to our table, we told the hostess about our request and she rolled her eyes. Then, we sat down. Our waitress was AWFUL. One of the meanest servers I have ever had in my life. She didn't let the children in our party get the kids meals because they were "too old". While they are a little older than 12, who really cares? There's no difference from someone ordering an appetizer for dinner than if someone ordered a kids meal. Anyway, our waitress needed a huge attitude adjustment. And when we complained to the manager, she said we were "trying to steal". The table sitting next to us even complained about her attitude. After the long fiasco with her, we switched to "Cousin Jeff" as our new waiter. He was amazing, and he definitely made our dinner worth the money. All of his tables loved him! But all in all, it was a rough night. What happened to the customer is always right?(We always try to get Cousin Sharon when we are there but she wasn't there that night so we tried someone new) As for the food, you definitely need to try the grits and the cornbread. They are huge staples in our household. For dinner, we got alligator, scallops, and fried shrimp. The alligator was great, the fried shrimp was good, and the scallops were fair. They were salty and small(Macaroni Grill has bigger ones in their pasta).
A must do when at the beach!  Crowded tho. Best to avoid 6 pm hour. Ginormous salad bar. Great seafood chowder made with catfish. All meals end with cinnamon rolls
The food was fresh, the salad bar was plentiful.  Between all of us, the lobster was wonderful and fresh, the tilapia was fantastic, the shrimp & cheese grits were amazing!  Make sure you have room for the cornbread - its so tasty!
A great setting with great people and with great food. Never leave hungry and always leave happy. A great staple in the the community. Updated and with the best hamburger in Florida. Try it you'll love it. All seating has a great river view. Make your reservations.
We are from the Uk and every time we visit our daughter in Florida we have a family meal here. We made a reservation but had to wait another 30 minutes  with the casual diners. This is a very poor attitude after I had specially booked - it was made even worse by having to make 2 small children wait too. We did get a nice table and the food was good but the salad bar needs improving - diced tomatoes and sliced olives is not the best way.Not having a table ready for us and making us wait 30 minutes is really unacceptable when there is plenty of choice in the area.
Aunt Catfish's is a no nonsense southern seafood joint on the Halifax river, where all the servers are "cousins" and treat you like family. Fresh Seafood is their specialty along with Mango BBQ Ribs and mixed drinks that come in old fashioned Ball Mason jars. All meals also come with the house specialty cinnamon rolls that practically melt in your mouth and are part of the restaurants claim to fame. Almost all platters and entrees come with or have the option to add the Fish Camp Fixins Bar and the Salad Bar to your meal in addition to a side item. The Fixins bar consists of Cheese Grits, Cornbread, Cinnamon Apples, and Baked Beans. I sampled just about everything and enjoyed the down home southern flavors of all the fixins, especially the cheese grits. The Salad Bar here is also quite impressive. The bar itself wraps around to form three parts that contain a wide variety of greens, mixed salads, fruits and vegetables, and also features home made salad dressings. With the help of my family members I was able to sample a variety of fried offerings including...Shark, Shrimp, Cod, and Catfish. While I enjoyed all the food I sampled, including my own meal, I thought the portion sizes were a bit on the small side. Most platters are either $19.99 for two selections of seafood or $24.99 for three selections including the fixins bar and the salad bar.
Impulse stop was a Sunday had the brunch everything was good at best. Service was real good, atmosphere ok,salad bar was great. Ran out of cinnamon rolls for dessert:(. I would go back had a diverse menu something for everyone, great view.
Amazing selection of great seafood!! Great service, especially from Cousin Lucas.  Really enjoyed my predator created meal alligator plus shark accompanied by a Landshark Lager.  Highly recommend this great restaurant!!
Several reviews refer to "Aunt Catfish's" as Southern Food.  Southern food is a style ... A culture.  My review evokes no style, "Aunt Catfish's" is simply profoundly mediocre.  Go if you wish, but you could save money and eat as well at a "Burger King" or a "Checker's".
We have been in town for three months this is the worst meal we have had... The food is not even fast food at best! Absolutely everything was over done to the point of burnt or mushy. Definitely a tourist trap!! Adequate staff but extremely in adequate food... When is tilapia nothing but mush? I agree it's definitely in the category of a Bob Evans do not waste your time or money!!!
Only had to wait 15 minutes on a crowded Friday night. Fried catfish was amazing. Coleslaw and hush puppies excellent. Key lime pie very unique. Starts very mild and has a tart finish... very light and fluffy. Had an issue with one of the plates and they replaced, comped desserts and we didn't even have to ask. Service, food and atmosphere all outstanding!
Stopped in during race weekend in July and loved it!  We got there early as we knew it would probably be crowded and got lucky and were seated right away (there was a crowd waiting as we let but they were moving people in and out as quickly as possible).  The service was good, the food was excellent.  Don't miss the salad/hot bars...the cheese grits and baked beans are awesome!  All of our entrees were delicious and we were stuff when we left...can't wait to go back the next time we are in the area1
This place is packed for Sunday brunch, and since we got a late start, it was far worse than it would be earlier on Sunday. Setting aside the 45 minutes we waited, I enjoyed my meal here and wouldn't object to a near future return visit earlier on a Sunday. The buffet has enough unique offerings to keep things interesting (sweet potato casserole to go with the more expected cheesy grits), an omelette bar where you can also get whole grain french toast, servers ready to carve off a slice from a very nice looking ham or turkey breast. There are different stations of the buffet and space is limited so there's a lot of standing around. Patience and manners are required. The food quality was pretty high and that is hard to achieve in a buffet so this place gets my vote. I may be back for the 4th Star. Avoid my pain and be an early bird at Aunt Catfish's.
Meh. Service was friendly but spotty. Food was okay. Live music was depressingly bad. This is a place you come to for the atmosphere: old fashioned beach-y restaurant with mediocre-to-fair food. Why aren't there (m)any fresh-caught seafood restaurants when you're right on the ocean?! The physical aspects of the place were nice: pier, outdoor dining , etc, all conspire to raise expectations. Perhaps I should have had a gin & tonic after all.
This place has been around for a long time and I think that it has it's true following. Which may explain the lines, because the food  does not. I have tried it twice in the last three years and both times said, "I'm never going back." I find the food bland, mushy, boring. Maybe it depends on what you get. I put this in the same category as Bob Evans.
Delicious seafood and awesome salad bar!  Yummy sweet and unsweet iced tea!  Cousin Colleen was a great server!  Will be back!!
The food and service were fantastic. The salad bar could be a meal. We enjoyed the live music while waiting for our table. Its family oriented but also has a bar. You know iys great when locals eat there. We walked out on the pier and took pictures and just enjoyed a.leisurely meal. Prices are average for a vacation town like Daytona. We ate there twice.
LOVE LOVE LOVE. Amazing food! Call ahead for sure though. We went two nights in a row. The first we waited over two hours (so worth it), the second we reserved a time so at that point we were put at the top of the list. The grilled coconut chicken with piña colada sauce is heaven! They have great steak! The shrimp n' grits had some of the best grits EVER! Don't even get me started on the cinnamon roll! The service was great! Luke and Chase are great waiters who actually have a personality! We'll be back two days in a row next year!
This is a fun place to go.  They have a great big buffet and a very impressive salad bar.  You can also order straight from the menu.  We went on a Sunday and although it was busy, we were able to sit right away. I loved that they are on the water and have a cute pier you can walk on and take fun pictures.  My kids enjoyed it very much.  Oh yes, they have a chocolate fountain!
Amazing salad bar.   Average seafood on a good night, indelible on other nights.   SALTY blackened fish, saltier than the sea they came from.   Inedible at times.   Tastes frozen.   Come for the salad, not the fish.   Would be four star if salad plates were larger.   Big crowds.   Staff does their best to please.   Still, the seafood is below par for Daytona.  Review based on four visits in four years.
The salad bar was outstanding!! Cheese grits were super good and so was the catfish! Lest I forget the amazing cinnamon roll. The low rating was due to the staff! It took so long to get our food order in and them about 45 min to get our food!  By that time we were ready to go!
Came here for dinner yesterday and was very pleased. So many choices at the salad. Nice waitress suggested the garlic butter shrimp with old bar seasoning and was so good. Sweet potato fries with the pineapple fluff dip was something id never even heard of, let alone tried, and was so good. Another cute plus was that I had two pretzels hanging from my straw as decoration for my beer, ADORABLE!
I give this review based on one experience here, and it was for a brunch buffet. The food was the worst part about the place, BUT I'm allergic to wheat (gluten) so I couldn't eat more than half of the food.  Keeping that in mind, here are the positives: -Excellent Bloody Mary -Great service with a smile -Gorgeous view from the 2nd floor over the river I'd definitely go again and I'm guessing if I could have eaten the biscuits, pancakes, etc., then I'd have enjoyed the food a little more. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars.
We ate here last night for the early bird! In 23 years of eating here we've never made early bird. I suggest you call ahead always and ask to be out in the list! The food was amazing we had fried catfish shark salmon all wonderful! We had the fixings bar with out meal all fantastic! Our server was Cousin Lindsay and just as sweet fun cute and quick! Thank you Aunt Catfish's for great food great service and a family tradition!
It's not often I give a five star rating but this place gets it because they get it right. Friendly staff and great food and also an awesome atmosphere  :-)
I almost gave this 3 stars out of sheer annoyance that a 7:15 reservation was ignored and we were not seated until 8:00. However, the food and friendly service makes up  the extra star. Good salad bar and the recommendation of salt and pepper catfish was spot on. However, do NOT get the Mexican potato. When I asked what it was, I was told a half baked potato with cheddar cheese and salsa on top. In what world is cheddar cheese mistaken for watery nacho cheese? Overall though, we will go back in we head out to Daytona (which isn't often).
This a pig out palace extraordinaire. The salad bar which has the usual greens, watermelon pickle, baked beans and cheese grits is not even the star.  There is excellent seafood served with Cinnamon Rolls that make me sigh. There is often a wait although reservations help, but you can wait out on the pier and enjoy a beautiful view.  The Sunday Brunch is good too.
When we are in town we seem to always wind up with one meal from here. This time as always we found the food to be a mixed bag or quality. The main dish is always pretty decent for mass produced chow and the salad bar has a nice selection. This time I found the corn bread to be great while the beans pretty runny. The hardest thing to handle is the crowded conditions and noise. The hour wait was pretty tough to take also and the only reason we stayed is because the hostess told us on arrival that it would be a short wait. Apparently they do take reservations so make sure you get one or you may be in for a long wait. Decent food, service not too bad but crowded and noisy. Good for the bottom line but can't give more than three stars. Maybe when they are not so busy it could be a better place to eat.
I had the alligator and coconut shrimp. They were both very tasty and well cooked. I would definitely getting the combo with both the hot and cold salad and side bars. The cornbread is sweet and very good, even my 1yr old ate it. The beans after the style I expected from the area and very good as well. I would go back and would recommend all my friends to go if they are ever in the area.
I am originally from Daytona Beach and this restaurant has always been a family favorite. I always ask to go on my birthday each year. My grandpa doesn't even like seafood but will go there with us because they have such an AMAZING salad bar. Their salad bar really is a selling point here. They have SO many things on it. Plus you can get their "hot bar" instead of a side. The hot bar includes corn bread, baked beans, cole slaw, cinnamon apples, and cheese grits. The cheese grits are AMAZING. I could eat plate after plate of them! Even people who aren't fans of grits like them. The prices have gone up a bit over the years, but they do have lunch specials during the week and early birds that run until 5 or 6 pm (depending on the time of year). All meals come with a hush puppy and a cinnamon roll. The cinnamon roll is just the perfect size for something sweet after your meal. Keeps you from ordering a big slice of key lime pie ;) Aunt Catfish's is located on the water and when the weather is nice it is great to sit outside. But even if you sit inside the entire side of the restaurant that faces the water is glass, so you still have a great view. If you are in Daytona for the day or stopping through on vacation, I definitely suggest checking them out. You won't be disappointed.
Disappointed. This place looks like a local joint we were happy to find it but turns out the food isn't as good as the look. We had grilled catch of the day and fried catfish. With this price the portion is tiny and fish taste fishy and not flavored well. Honestly I could cook it better myself. I just don't understand how these good reviews come from. Service is slow too.
First things first: I need to give a shoutout to my fellow Yelpers for helping me find this place- you guys rock.   Hubby and I prefer visiting "mom and pop" places over chain restaurants while on vacation. So I checked for seafood,  locally caught,  and this place popped up. Location is convenient, right off the bridge connecting the beach,  and plenty entrances. I was pleasantly surprised that we didn't have a wait (at lunch!) and both the hostess and server were excellent. Very courteous and helpful (even referring to themselves as cousins, in jest). The decor is laidback beach but still clean and inviting. They even post their free wifi password clear for all to see! The selection is wonderful with plenty of locally caught fish and great lunch specials. I had their lunch-priced white sangria (yummy), "camp side fixins" (cheese grits & cornbread was amazing), salad bar (huge and tasty), and Mahi w/sweet potato as my main (incredible). It came with a delish hush puppy and cinnamon roll, too! What more can I say? I loved this place! Even the to-go bag is cute :p
Delicious!!! From the salad bar to the fixin bar to the main course. Everything was fresh, tasty and the service was great. Reasonably priced, too.
If you're passing by Daytona, this is the place to try. Seats near the windows overlook a small pier and the beautiful Daytona ocean and skyline. For a Wednesday lunch hour, the place was full but the wait was short. They have lunch specials at $7.99 which includes the fried bites, fries, hush puppies, coleslaw and a cinammon roll. I had the salt & pepper catfish and it was awesome!!! (Hunger probably played a part but the catfish was tender and tasty, the cinammon roll was fresh and not too sweet, and the dip was spectacular.) I also ordered the key lime pie which was good but not great. Service: Hostess and servers were attentive. They had mini-headsets that allowed them to be more efficient and responsive to the needs of the diners.
I'm not the best person to write a review about this restaurant because I am not a huge fish eater.  The menu seems to be made up fresh catches and a lot of fried dishes.  I had the shrimp with cheesy grits and It was good but not great.  So, If you love fish and fried food this place is for you.  The salad bar and hot bar which includes grits and corn bread were the best part of my visit.
Visited here twice in the last few months and am kicking myself for not coming sooner.  Salad bar and home cooked sides are awesome.  Even dressings are home made.  Nice.  Sweet little cinnamon buns too. Both visits the place was slammed...  Our waitress, Cousin Stacy, was awesome and should be given the keys to the store.  Under tremendous pressure, with the feigned help of co-workers, she performed really, really well.
Love the salad bar !!!!  Good shrimp and love the hush puppy and sweet roll they give you for dinner.  Service is fast and friendly.
Been going here for the past 15 years. Amazing food and excellent service with great prices. The salad bar and hot bar (cornbread, beans, apples, and coleslaw) are one of a kind. Love the huge portion of crab legs and the coconut shrimp are delish too. One of our all time favorite places.
Went here based on a recommendation from a couple we met at the Daytona Cubs game the night before. Drinks recommended by the bartender were good, but expensive.  Salad bar could be a meal in itself.  Excellent corn bread.  Home made salad dressings. Ordered the fried shrimp, calamari and fried catfish.  All were lightly breaded which was nice as the seafood flavor was not overpowered by breading.  Catfish was very thin and would not order that again.  Cocktail sauce could have used a little more horseradish.
One of our favorite spots in Daytona! The food is amazing.  Be prepared to wait if you don't have a reservation, but it is worth it.  My four year old had the shark bites and he is still talking about it! My husband had the popcorn shrimp and catfish combo and I had popcorn and coconut shrimp. The sweet potato fries are served with a creamy marshmallow fluff dip.  All the portions are huge and delicious! The side bar has yummy cheese grits and baked beans. Each meal is served with hush puppies and a cinnamon roll that melts in your mouth.  The staff is always friendly and courteous.  Definitely a must see if you are in the area!
Sunday brunch is delicious but overpriced. The wait on Sundays is ridiculous but the brunch bar has good food. Pretty waterfront views but the Sunday brunch is a little pricey for what you get.
THE SCENE We were kickin' back on some Bahama Mama's during the free happy hour in our hotel lobby when suddenly another family mentioned from across the room "It's decided, we're going to Aunt Catfish!" Unbeknownst to them, I have Spiderman-ish hearing when it comes to food talk!!! My Spidey senses locked in on there conversation and wouldn't let go. "Have you been there before" I asked. "No, it's our first time in Daytona" they said. "Ours too" we replied and simultaneously we both holler out "TWINZIES!" A little further investigation revealed they got their info from the front desk staff.  I'm working on my third Bahama Mama and feeling a little sloshed (I'm not really a drinker), so I was game to go anywhere... LOL!  Needless to say we took their advice (especially after checking the yelp rating) and "The Waiting Game" began. Let me explain. ------------ - - - - - - THE DETAILS Date & Time: Thursday, December 20th, 2012 @ 6:30pm Dining Companions: Family and friends (16 total) What to expect: Wait times were like a busy day @ Six Flags! Server: Cathy Liquid: Sweet tea & soda Ordered: See below Dislikes: Sloooooooow Service, sweet tartar sauce, strange sweet potato fries dip Absolutely Loved: Clam Chowder Total: $62.17 *Main dishes - 2.5 *Side dishes - 3 *Value - 2 *Service - 2 *Wait time - 0 *Atmosphere - 4 *Staff Friendliness - 5+ ------------ - - - - - THE SERVICE You should know whenever you see this section in one of my reviews it's most likely my complaint department, but sometimes it's also the compliment department. For this review it's both! This place is POP-U-LAR! Wait times are in excess of two hours without a reservation, but I suppose I have one of those personalities that gets me on the VIP list (or maybe we arrived at the right time). The outdoor waiting area was packed, but they gave us a table almost immediately. By immediately I mean 25 minutes (which was considerably less than the two hours they quoted my wife). The hostess staff was super friendly & decided to show me around the restaurant while we waited. Server staff also joined in during my tour and really made me feel like a celebrity getting real VIP treatment. It was awesome. When our table was ready, one of the host staff CAME TO FIND ME on the pier  just as our lobster shaped buzzer went off. Half way through the entrance doors another hostess grabbed me by the arm and showed me to our table. We had family members drive up from Orlando for dinner and they thought maybe we'd been here before since I was being given such royal treatment. Again... AWESOME!!! Anyway, it went a little downhill from there. There were some long wait times between being seated, receiving our drinks, placing our orders, receiving our food and the final bill (which took 4evaaaah). The worst was waiting for entrees & waiting for our bill. I'm certain I almost had a birthday waiting for checkout. Seriously! The waiting made a 45 minute dinner last a little over 3 hours from the time we arrived to the time on our check-out ticket. THE FOOD We sampled a variety of item: Fried and blackened catfish, sirloin steak w/baked potato, shrimp & grits, scallops & fried shrimp, alligator tail, popcorn shrimp, the salad bar and clam chowder. No one in our party was overly impressed with the entree's and would rank the food a  mediocre 2.75, but the clam chowder was excellent. Catfish is my favorite fish and I was expecting more since it's the namesake, but alas, it would not rank anywhere in my favorite category. The scallops are tiny, like marshmallows you put in hot chocolate and had no flavor. The watery sauce they rested in didn't help much either :-p The salad bar is a good value and the sides weren't bad either, but we took issue with the super sweetness of the dutch cole slaw (maybe it was supposed to be that way) and the sweet (yes I said SWEET) tartar sauce for the catfish *Insert blank stare here O_o* Also, the dip for the sweet potato fries was gross. It tasted like vanilla icing you would find on a cupcake which sounds delicious but just didn't work together. Ironically, the sweet tea was absolutely not sweet. The hush puppies were ok, but didn't have that onion flavor I love. However, there was a bright spot. Every meal came with a cinnamon bun, something our children greatly appreciated. THE VERDICT Aunt Catfish is a cool place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there :-) Tonight might have been unusual as far as service is concerned, or maybe not! It could very well be standard here to wait so long for everything. Either way, the food wasn't exactly worthy of the two hour wait to be seated. Even with good yelp ratings and out the door lines, tonight was proof to me that none of that is a guarantee of a great meal. Tip: Skip the sweet potato fries altogether. No one in our party of 16 liked them or the dip.
My girlfriend and I were visiting Daytona Beach for the day back in May and with the help of Yelp found this place to have dinner. We weren't disappointed. Like many other reviewers had mentioned, the homemade salad bar and homemade dressings were awesome. I would of been happy just having that for my dinner. For my entree, I choose the "create your own platters" with 2 items for 19.99. They also have 3 items for 23.99. Both includes the salad bar buffet, fish camp fixin bar, a side choice, hush puppies and cinnamon roll. The 2 items I picked were the fried salt & pepper catfish and fried alligator. My girlfriend had the Classic suf & turf which includes an 8oz filet and 2 main lobster tails for 39.99. We would come back for dinner again if we're in the area.
I forgot to write my review of this place.  It's been too long ago to remember what I ate, but I can tell you for sure that I want to return to Auntie Catfish's  when I return to the area!!!!  I do remember the watermelon pickle.  Love that stuff. Isn't this one crazy-ass review!!??
This is a very popular place but worth the wait if you must.  Best salad bar I've had  in a long time. The food is very good and wait staff was on top of their game.  The cinnamon roll is so yummy!  They have live music which really sets the atmosphere by the river.  If it's cold outside they have heaters by the tables for a pleasant meal.
Great atmosphere, great service and good food.   Be prepared to wait a long time, always packed!
Some of the best seafood in all of Volusia County.  Don't get sticker shock from the prices because the portions are plentiful, and the salad bar has a lot of selections.  Don't forget the endless cheese grits and baked beans.  The cinnamon roll that comes with every plate is the cherry on top!
We have a home in port orange, and a trip down to Florida isn't complete for us without a trip to the aunt catfishes lunch Buffett. The hushpuppirs, coleslaw, biscuits, and immense salad bar is the bargain of the century for 8.99. Highly recommended. Notice it's always busy so reservations are good. Also the dinner menu can be pricey, keep in mind when tempted to stray from Buffett.
Tourists, LISTEN UP! I'm trying to help you here. I'm a local who has been to Aunt Catfish's more times than I'd like to remember. Do not eat here. The food is awful. If you ate there 20 years ago, you probably did like it. Here's a tip for you: If a place is named "Catfish" and they don't offer whole baby catfish on a daily basis, it's not a good place to eat fish. The only thing you will like is the all u can eat "fixin's". Think Ryans, or Quincys salad bar plus a few other gross hot things. The staff is good, because they know the food is bad, and they at least want to make tips for something. Generic food, high prices, not the experience you will be looking for. There are other places to eat on the water...find them.
Aunt Catfish in Port Orange is a great spot to get your seafood fix! The mojitos are yummy and so is the catfish. Some in our party even had frog legs! Enjoy the yummy cinnamon roll for dessert!
If you've got a hankering fried catfish get to Aunt's. If you like sweet tea and cheese grits this is nirvana. If you want to try fried 'gator tail you're in luck. However, do not..... and I say it again DO NOT order anything sauted or grilled in Aunt's kitchen.  Eating fried foods is bad enough for you but oh so tasty. Eating fish drowned in some kind of industrial lubricant colored yellow and passed off as butter is worse. I thought I was doing a good thing ordering the salmon (not fried)! Thank god the staff watches out for their customers. I was offered a chance to go with something else. After some family coaxing I relented and went for the fried all 'ya can eat buf-fet. Hey I'm on vacation OK? It was damn good 'ya all! Aunt's has a nice selection of southern favorites including hush puppies, fried okra, cheese grits, baked apples, corn bread, b.b.q. ribs, greens, fried fishes and gator tails and of course sweet tea.  BTW I cannot get into Sweet Tea.....blechhhhhhhhh A note on Southern Hospitality, this place oozes it! It may have even been created here. Everyone is soooo darn nice. Ok anything fried here is great, grilled BAD. Now pass the cinnamon butter!
While on vacation to ormond beach my friend with family down here said we simply MUST try this place.. and I'm glad we did! Aunt Catfishes could very well be one of the best restaurants in the area. The menu is diverse, though seafood centric.. but c'mon.. you're on the halifax river (literally ON the river..) in Florida.. what else are you expecting? Beef? The atmosphere is decent, the best part is the entryway and the bar. As you go into the restaurant you're faced more with a generic restaurant feel. BUT.. don't let that distract you. If you get the right seat you have a wonderful view of the water, and if you don't. well you can just walk your butt out there to the dock and stand and take it in after you eat like we did. Great view really. I had the old bay seasoned shrimp with a sweet potato. It was DELICIOUS... and I don't use that word in caps lightly. I also ordered the bar with baked beans, corn bread, and a salad. You can really easily get your fill at this place and every single thing I had was good. Now.. lets see.. the bad? Well it's the best place around.. and everyone knows this.. so GO EARLY and have lots of time to wait. You will be sitting for a while behind the bar with cute little buzzers shaped like lobsters, or you can walk out onto the porch, or perhaps the dock and hang out while you wait. The 1st time we ate here the wait was 20 minutes during off hours. the 2nd time we tried was during peak hours and the wait was nearly 3 hours!! We didn't eat there the 2nd time. Parking is hard to find.. there's overflow across the street though, just be careful when you cross! Nothing about these inconveniences can make me take a star away from this restaurant. If you go down to daytona,port orange, ormond, etc.. you MUST make the short drive and take in this little restaurant!
Yelp let me down.  Just glancing at the overwhelmingly positive reviews,  I figured AC's was a can't miss.  I was wrong.   I arrived hungry and we were seated promptly.   We sat in the small outdoor area, closer to Dunlawton than the river itself.  Street traffic was loud, but I was there for the food, not the ambiance.   The food was awful.  Big portions of barely recognizable bland, soggy, fried seafood.  The shrimp was the only item I could finish and they weren't good.  Oysters were tough and chewy, worst I've ever had.  Catfish "fillets?", the restaurant's namesake, were tasteless and dry.  The baked potato "fixens" on our table included plenty of bacobits,  sour cream, and "whipped spread", no butter.  This place is a Southern-style establishment that doesn't serve butter with their potatoes??? Dinner included a chewy, warm cinnamon roll (free dessert?).  The salad bar was fine, but as dressings were of the goopy fatty variety.  One star for having green lettuce. I'm not usually a complainer, but this was just a horrible food experience.  On our short trip to the area, we had seafood dinners at Boondocks, Our Deck Down Under, JB's Fish Camp, and Red Lobster...Yes, Red Lobster...and all were WAY better than Aunt Catfish's in every way.   I usually disregard bad reviews when they sit amongst massively positive reviews, and you can choose to do the same here.  But if you care about food quality over portion size, I suggest you skip Aunt Catfish's.
In my attempt to visit different restaurants in the NSB area, we visited Aunt Catfish's on the River.  At 2pm (late lunch) the place was packed with a waiting list.  I had the mahi-mahi dinner which was served with an excellent little dish of broccoli with cheddar cheese.  The hush puppies were great and the cole slaw was made well.  My mom had catfish and we both enjoyed the dishes although the portions were small but adequate.  We splurged on dessert - great key lime pie.  The coffee was not good - it was weak, I tend to judge a restaurant by the coffee served.  Service was excellent - props to an attentive waiter. There is a nice dock area on the water where you can sit and enjoy the view.  You can also feed the fish for .25 cents.  it was a lovely way to finish our dining experience.
For around $12 (after tax) you can indulge in an all you can eat Southern-style buffet complete with all the fixins'.  After enduring about a half hour wait, we were treated to a raccoon show, as one had been trapped in a cage on the roof!  They serve made to order pancakes, French toast, and omelettes.  The buffet serves up honey-baked ham, turkey, fried seafood, desserts, biscuits, cornbread, and multiple Southern twists on eggs that were a first for me.  The food is rich and filling and made my triathlon earlier that morning well worth the effort!  If your'e ever in the mood for a seriously filling brunch and don't mind the wait, head on over! **From 9-10, the brunch is around $12 with tax and after 10 increases to $14.99**
Yay!!  We went to Daytona Beach for the weekend---an impromptu trip---and since we took the Dunlawton Avenue exit of I-95, we found ourselves once again at Aunt Catfish's.  Great place!!! Yes, go there!   The salad bar is quite fresh.  And just where else do you find one (salad bar I mean) that includes CHEESE GRITS!!  As my sister-in-law is wont to say, "I mean REALLY!"       The fish dishes we've had in the past have been quite tasty, too, along with the vegetable sides.  Service is fast and friendly from the "cousins."  So go there..but, my friends, do NOT try to play "Warren Buffet" music as reviewer Noreen F. said of this place...unless, of course, Warren B.'s jammin' is anything like that of Jimmy Buffett's.     Oh, and did i mention this last time we had a fabulous corner view---water everywhere!!! OMG...I am so glad we're going back up in only two weeks for Biketoberfest.  This time I think we're gonna try the "Blue Jean Brunch" on Sunday.
Honestly, after reading the reviews here on Yelp, just not what I expected. I had the grilled lemon Mahi and the lady went with the surf and turf.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but honestly it came out lukewarm, like they couldn't get the timing down in the kitchen and let it sit...not even under a heat lamp, which would have dried it out but kept it hot, it was like they let it sit on the counter for 10 minutes. Regardless, the fish and steak were good, as was the lobster (but cold, like I said).  Fries weren't very good (cold).  Hush puppies and cinnamon buns were the highlight of the meal. It was way overpriced in my opinion, and the crowd was (much) older...almost geriatric.  No offense, but our 7 o' clock Friday night dinner seemed like Jello night at the local nursing home. I will probably not be back.
Loved the hush puppies and the cinnamon rolls are to die for.   Catfish and shrimp are delicious.   Staff is friendly.   Worth the wait.
I could eat here for every meal... My recommendation?? Salad bar and get an appetizer..... I'm telling ya..... everything and anything is on the bar.... and the cool thing is it's all protected by plexiglass....protecting your food from those people who are coughing and wiping their mouths before touching the spoon youre using! Michael had Shrimp over Macaroni..... I had soup and the bar baby! The best.... One other time, I did have a fried fish sandwich.... it was excellent.... and WAYYY too big to eat in one shot.... I stuffed it in my backpack....rode the bike over the bridge, and would up  eating it on our condo's balcony.... so cool in Daytona.... Good thing I don't reside there.... I would be 300 pounds if I could eat at this place every day!
Do NOT go on a Friday night, especially during tourist season.  You will be highly disappointed at the long wait that you will have to endure. Also, be wary of going for brunch during the high season.  I have been here many times and I have always been put off when there is a long wait.  I don't understand how people can wait for two hours to eat at a restaurant.  Nothing is that good.  That being said, I have waited for up to thirty minutes at Aunt Catfish's. If you are unlucky enough (or lucky enough depending on your outlook) to be seated directly across from the kitchen entrance, then you will most likely be treated to a free appetizer.  I consider it lucky and have been seated there several times.  The salad bar is filled with a lot of different items that I enjoy mixing and matching and it comes along with the tuna dinner that I order just about every time.  I know that the tuna is frozen, but it still has a fairly good flavor and the blackening spices are decent as well. I will return when it is not so busy.  I really dislike having to walk across Dunlawton when parking in the overflow parking and so I try to get here when there are spaces in the small, main lot.
04/07/2012 We were in Daytona Beach for vacation, and decided to try this place for dinner on a Saturday night (big mistake!).  My wife had visited here several years ago with family, so we were hoping for a good experience.  We had a 2-hour wait to seat four people, even though there were tables that were not being used.  Many people who arrived after we had been waiting were seated ahead of us.  Fortunately there was a small playground and courtyard to sit in while we waited. The salad bar was apparently their claim to fame.  We overheard several staff complaining about the fact that a photographer was coming to take pictures of the salad bar.  Why on earth would this be done on a Saturday evening when it was so busy?  The manager was openly griping at the employees, even though they were doing their best to serve the paying customers.  The salad bar itself was fine, but not spectacular.   There was also a "warm bar", that had cornbread, cheese grits, baked beans, and some soup. Food ordered: - Scallops - 2pc Catfish dinner - Kids Chicken Fingers x 2 - Tea x 4 The food was mediocre,and the prices were very high (presumably due to the salad/warm bar availability).  Definitely not worth the two hour wait, and the $100+ bill for food I could have ordered at a chain for half the price.
Everybody comes here, so you need to to and have your own opinion. I now know that I prefer the grilled catfish to the fried. The salad bar is awesome and oh so southern. However, I seem to be the only person on earth who doesn't faint for cinnamon rolls. Everyone is going to find something they love.
I've been visiting/living in Daytona since 1992, and I've eaten at this longtime institution many times. When I was in high school, I thought it was the best restaurant in town. Now that i'm in my 30's, I don't get it anymore, it's not that good. There's always a line outside, so they must be doing something right. They have a salad bar, but other than that it's pretty unhealthy: hush puppies and a cinnamon roll with every meal. Bottom line is, if you really think this place is amazing, your probably have diabetes.
If you are in the area and have an appetite, come on down to Aunt Catfish's!! This place is the greatest "all you can eat" place I have been too. I am NOT a fan of all you can eat buffets because normally one sacrifices taste AND/OR quality for the all you can eat.  Aunt Catfish's has both. Starting with the salad bar, full of fresh mixed greens and romaine - not your typical iceberg garbage. The pickled okra (if you like that sort of thing) is superb and just shows the wide array of toppings one can add to their salad! Next up, the cornbread (as much as you like) is firm and crumbly, if not a little dry, but tastes great when next to the baked beans. The beans are delicious, but for my palate were a little too sweet, although most Americans would disagree with me on this point. Anyways, go to Aunt Catfish's and get the buffet, you will not be disappointed. However, beware if you go during peak hours. If you go during peak hours, YOU WILL WAIT A LONG TIME. There is always a line, so just be aware of this.
Absolutely terrible service. We waited about an hour and a half for our food, the alligator bites (which aren't cheap) were a VERY small serving. All we ordered was coconut shrimp and a fish sandwich and everyone around us(who arrived much later than us) got their food way before we did. Came here every year in vacation, will not be returning.
Probably the best fried clams I've ever eaten. Had the fried alligator for an app and soup to nuts, everything we had here was delicious. And a beautiful location to boot!!!!
My wife and her family go down to New Smyrna every year in the fall, and now I get to tag along as well. We always go to Aunt Catfish during the trip, sometimes twice. Is it that good? Atmosphere really plays a role. There's a loud, boisterous family vibe inside, and a more mellow tone outside and on the dock. Then there's a good layering of that Florida coastal cheesiness that reminds me that I am indeed on vacation. The easy-listenin' live music on weekends encourages relaxation with the occasional Buffett song. Now, what to eat? My philosophy is to enjoy the salad and fish camp fixin's bar, and the entree is a not-so-important addendum. The food on the bar seems very fresh, and some of the items might be made from scratch, like the pickled okra and even pickled watermelon rinds. They have a potato salad that looks like a mess but tastes incredible. The hot bar has cheese grits that my wife's family loves. I think it could use more salt, but it is definitely cheesy. I really like the baked beans and cornbread. Hmmm...I can't believe I just reviewed potato salad and baked beans. OK, so what about the entrees? First, my financial tip: Order the 8 fried shrimp for $7.99, and add the salad and fixin's bar for $3 extra. The salad and fixin's bar is $11.99 by itself if you order it as your meal, so ordering it with the shrimp saves you a buck AND you get 8 shrimp, 2 extra sides, a hushpuppy, and a cinnamon roll. Fried seafood is their specialty, but they do grilled and sauteed seafood decently. Their entrees do not impress me too much, but maybe that's because I'm stuffed from the bar by the time it comes out. It really does seem like an afterthought. In terms of desert, the Boat Sinker Pie delivers for me.
To start with we called ahead and made reservations and still had to wait about 45 minutes once we got there for a party of six... but the playground and live music made the wait very pleasant. It was packed and well recommended by locals. Once we sat, our server introduced herself as cousin ... and she had been working there for 25 years. She was awesome and so were the other staff we spoke with. As for the food, there certainly plenty of it! Along with the massive salad bar and awesome cornbread we got our food, a side, a hushpuppy, and cinnamon roll that was, plainly put, to die for. I had grilled tilapia and it was very satisfying. Even more was the whole key lime pie we ordered to go. I would go there again and again and again!!! As for the
Where to start!? I visited this restaurant with my family, 7 adults in total. We called ahead to get priority seating on the waiting list so we were only waiting for 10 minutes. (thank you fellow yelpers for this advice) Once we were seated we were promptly given our menu's and our drink orders were taken. My first complaint is that it took 20 minutes to bring the alcoholic drinks but the soft drinks arrived straight away! Half of our party were waiting without a drink. It took three times of asking, we were only waiting for one glass of red wine and a beer! After 20 mins our food order was taken. 15 minutes later we were informed that the catch of the day (the flounder) was nit available. By this point (same person who has waited patiently for the glass of wine) was too upset/annoyed to order again. The food for everyone else arrived 30 mins after this! When the main courses arrived two of the meals were missing sides. However it took our waitress (who called us her cousin) 15 minutes to come check on us and by this time our dinner was over and it was too late for the sides. The food that was served was very nice. The crispy calamari and seared blackened tuna were excellent! It's a shame they can get it so right in the kitchen but service was terrible. Would I return? Yes. I'm just Hoping I get served by someone who cares. 5* for food 1* for service!
As always the food was great. We had the frog legs, shrimp in old bay and grilled catfish. The salad bar is worth the trip. And the cinnamon buns are so good we always take a six pack home. Best mojitos around.
Some of the best crab cakes I've had in a while & the sweet potato fries are definitely worth the extra $0.50! It's hard to leave this place without a full stomach. During peak hours, this place can take a while to be seated but it is well worth the wait and it has plenty of attractions for kids while you wait.
I had catfish and alligator it was excellent and they have the best hush puppies and the  key lime pie is to die for.  I'm from California and we don't have anything like this anywhere. Thank you and great service
Call ahead and get on the wait list.   It saves you a lot of time.   Service was efficient.  Salad bar was abundant, clean and tasty.  My family loved it.   Great hush puppies and cinnamon rolls.   Save room for dessert if you can .
My family and I just happened on this place while on a long, leisurely drive up the Florida coast on the way home from Orlando to North Carolina. It was about two in the afternoon, but the place was still hoppin' on the Thursday we stopped by. The wait wasn't excessive, but a bit longer than I would have thought for that time of day during the week. The lobster shaped beeper was a little kitchsy, but the view was beautiful. The decor was a little dated, but the staff were friendly. It was a great, laid-back lunch with our two kids. My husband all but inhaled his alligator burger, and I had about some of the best fried catfish I've had in years. The slaw was a little more sweet than I was used to, but it wasn't all together bad. The fries were crisp and salted perfectly. And of course, the best part of all of our meals, was the cinnamon roll! I love my rolls a little on the doughy side and these were perfect. Sweet and lovely! I certainly hope we find ourselves back down that way sometime, because I would definitely eat at Aunt Catfish's again!
My family has gone to this restaurant when we were last in Daytona two years ago. We just HAD to go back! This place is a must for any seafood lover! For an appetizer I had the appetizer combo which is fried alligator and fried shark. Now this does not seem like a very enticing dish however do not be scared for this is a great appetizer! Now for my main course I had the fried catfish fillets with a side of french fries and mexican potato skins. Now this dish was so good I cleaned everything off the plate besides the mexican potato skin! That poor mexican potato skin... I didn't even touch it. However, this was not because the side looked bad, it just was not my thing. To conclude, Aunt Catfish gets it right where most do not. If you are visiting Daytona this is a must visit restaurant!
We must've hit it a just the right time on a Wednesday. The nice hostess told us it would be a 30 min wait or less... It wound up being 15. We got a seat right by the window. We ordered the gator tail appetizer. It was great! I've never had gator tail before and we loved it. Our entrees were  great served on blue porcelain platters shaped like a fish. I thought that was a nice touch.  Both our orders came with a cinnamon roll (which was delicious) the food was great... Service was great even though the place was packed. I have nothing but good things to say about this place. I would definitely go back.
My grandparents are crazy about this place and - lets face it - it skews a little (okay, a lot) older. Whether you're here for lunch or for a comically early dinner (Early Bird Specials are from 4 to 6, I believe) it's bound to be packed with grannies and grampies, my own included, who are there for the overly generous portions and frequent "deals." That said, I'm more inclined towards quality than quantity. I've had a ton of stuff here over the years and, honestly, not a lot has stood out. The salad bar is pretty stellar, and the breakfast buffet (Sunday only!) is worth the price tag, but for the most part, not much food warrants the $$$ Aunt Catfish wants you to lay down. Ambiance is alright - classic Floridian fish camp - and they recently, as in, like, this week, overhauled their menu. Expect an okay if slightly overpriced seafood feast served alongside with an unappetizingly large hush puppy and cinnamon roll and your server to introduce him/herself as "Cuzin' _____." hmm.
Food, food, and more food.  What an awesomely delicious destination for a buffet breakfast.  Come here for breakfast and only breakfast.  You will leave big bellied and with a smile on your face.  Omelet stations are there for you convenience as well as pancake/FToast.. Fresh and wonderful!!   Enjoy! Ian M.
I liked the place, I thought it was good.  I just wanted it to be more southern-ish.  Vast amounts though, and the french toast was made to order.  The workers there were very kind, and seemed happy to work there. View of the water is quite nice.  Gets very busy on the weekends!
I definitely recommend calling ahead about an hour before going to Aunt Catfish's. We were able to be seated within 10 minutes of waiting or so since I had called ahead and we were given priority seating. An obviously disgruntled gentleman gruffly asked us how long we had been waiting when we got up to be seated, and I informed him that I had made reservations. He seemed a bit appeased by this fact. We got to sit upstairs as I had requested, and we were promptly greeted by our server. We ordered two Arnold Palmers, I ordered the Coastal Seafood Platter with hush puppies and vegetables, and Kungfu ordered the flounder, blackened with a baked potato with all the toppings. After ordering, we went downstairs to help ourselves to the massive salad bar. They have a big variety of salad toppings and they also have rolls, slaw, grits, and some other items I can't remember. I think we over-stuffed ourselves with salad and sides before the entrees came out though. My platter was absolutely perfect; everything was fried to perfection without being overcooked or losing its integrity. The flounder, I'm sad to say, that we should've probably just ordered the pecan crusted catfish, as it wasn't very good. After we were done, we were too stuffed for dessert. When asked about restaurants nearby, our server kindly made us a list of restaurants to visit during our stay in Daytona! Great place to go if you're in town.
When traveling to Florida from Louisiana, my mom, who lives in the area, somehow forgets where I live and always likes to bring us to places like this, even though South Louisiana is home to some of the finest seafood in the country, IMO....but she's paying so I don't complain.... As was mentioned, "this is not a culinary who-hoo" although the locals absolutely love it. We had six in our group and got their early, so the wait was minimal, but when we were leaving, there was a long line in the courtyard area as the retirees started showing up.  I had the opportunity to sample a few dishes at the table and can agree that some of the food did not seem worth the hype. Some of the fried food was a bit spongy, but for the most part everything was "A-OK". I left full regardless. The salad and hot bar was highly touted by my mom, and was truly a nice touch, but not enough to sway my impression of this restaurant. However, the service we received and the atmosphere of the location gained this restaurant another star bringing my rating from a three to a four.  Our "cousin" server went above and beyond during the whole meal. It does indeed seem to be the ultimate tourist-trap experience, and I can agree that if you're looking for a quality dining experience, you might want to keep looking. This place may be favored by the locals; but being from Louisiana, I found it to be run-of-the-mill, not to mention bland.
This is an absolute local favorite of mine.  The only problem is that you have to wait a LONG time for dinner, and you better make reservations for brunch! I have been going there for years, and it never fails to please me.  The staff is friendly (although touristy, but hey... that is the point I guess).  The food is always top notch and very authentic. For brunch, this place can not be beat.  First off, let me say, I hate brunch in general.  Just the word brunch... well anyway... friends wanted to go.  Their selection is nice.  From cheese grits to corn bread, they have Southern food down!  They also do a nice job with the pancakes to order, omlettes, etc.   Dinner is my favorite though, and what we always go for.  For starters, their salad and fixin's bar is great.  Fresh salad with plenty to choose from, including potato salad and such.  They also have the corn bread, cheese grits, baked beans and more there.  I personally could make a meal out of that. For dinner, I like to sample a variety of things.  Granted, most of the dishes are best served fried, but that is what it is all about.  I get the "Florida Cracker" sampler (or something like that) and it has a little of everything.  Enough food for a few days, and everything is very good.  To end the meal they have a tasty cinnamon bun, and my wife likes their key lime pie. If you are in the Daytona/Ponce/Port Orange area, give this place a shot.  While the wait times are high, the food and atmosphere is great.
Great atmosphere, awesome service and simple food done RIGHT!!  This was a delightful lunch experience with a great view and wonderful company!  Prices are very reasonable.  Highly recommend Aunt Catfish's!!!
It seems OK. The atmosphere is very good and the staff is very polite. The flavor is good, however, I just cant put my finger on it. Maybe because it seems like pre-packaged food. I've been there twice already and tried different things to shake the feeling.  Maybe just pre-portioned is what troubles me. Anyway, the tiny blue crabs were very good but not at all what I expected. The sides are always better than the main meat.
Stopped in for a late lunch after the beach.  There was no wait and we were seated immediately.  Our server was a good guy and attentive to the table without being overbearing. I found the fish side of the menu to be a little Tilapia heavy. Not being my favorite fish, I opted for a burger instead.  I am always concerned about ordering something off the menu that isn't the major theme of the place. However, the burger I ordered medium rare was medium rare and seasoned well. The hush puppy was uneventful but the cinnamon roll was light and just the right size for a sweet dessert.   We all ordered off the the lunch menu and the prices were not excessive or a bargain unless you order a drink. Soda is $2.39 but the beer was $6.75 for a 16 oz. I thought I was at the ball game when I saw that price. I would return because the venue on the river is a nice setting, the food was ok and our server was better than most, Skip the overpriced beer though.
What a great place for Gator Tail!  Go on Wednesday evening and order a bottle of your favorite wine for half price!  I really enjoyed the salad bar.  Finally, this restaurant has some of the best wait staff around!  We can't wait for our next trip to Daytona Beach and Aunt Catfish!
Delicious! Not a big seafood person went with family. Had clam chowder and a hamburger. The clam chowder was amazing...I wish I had gotten that as the meal. However, for a seafood restaurant, I was blown away by how good the hamburger was. They had hush puppies which I loved! And you can't forget the amazing cinnamon rolls! The only downside is the wait. I called 30 minutes ahead and waited 20 minutes; others waited over an hour.
We showed up around 7pm on a Saturday, and there was a 1 hour and 45 minute wait. We decided to wait because we had heard numerous good things about this place. There was a small playground for the kids, and also you can walk out on the small pier over the river. It ended up only being about 40 minutes and we were seated. We were starving, so everything on the menu looked good. We ordered crab cakes for an appetizer. Very good, not the best we've found in town, but very good. My fiance ordered the catfish filets, and I had the coastal seafood platter, which included grilled mahi, fried scallops and crab cakes. All entrees come with the salad and fixin's bar, which could be a meal in itself. I had never tried cheese grits before, but I'm a fan now. The meals came out and they were delicious. The catfish filets were breaded nicely and not overcooked. The mahi was grilled perfect. Penty of food, I took half of mine home because I ate just about everything on the salad bar first. I saved enough room to eat the "famous cinnamon roll" which comes with the meal, which was also good. We left here feeling very satisfied... Definitely a must try!
Arrived around 4:30 pm for the Summer Early Bird Special, they immediately say us and gave our party of 3 a great second floor view of the Halifax River. Two of our party got Catfish and Shrimp, and the other got Classic Salmon, all included the salad buffet and one side! The sides ordered were baked potatoes, which are delivered with a tray of condiments for the making if the potato, sweet potato fries with marshmallow fluff was also ordered an simply amazing! The salad bar has such a wide selection of food, my mind was blown, it included fresh cut salad, every salad topping you could imagine, and homemade classics, such as potato salad and broccoli salad! The possibilities were endless! When the good was delivered the bus boy dropped the sauce, spilling it over myself and a patron at another table, but the waitress did amazing in cleaning up the mess and sincerely apologizing to both parties! When finished we were offered drinks to go and were able to walk down the pier and take a few photos with the river. The help was amazing and the food was perfection! Our server "Cousin Emily" was simply fantastic! Couldn't have asked for a better dining experience!
Great service, salad bar was excellent, hot bar for sides was ok but not excellent. Cheese grits a little runny, Dutch cole slaw a little too sweet for my taste, corn bread was great and beans were ok. The entrees were good but not outstanding. Fried oysters were flavorful but the breaking was soggy on the bottom, the shark bites were over cooked but the catfish fillets were amazing. Will definitely go back to give it another try and would recommend giving it a try if in the area but not a place I wold make a special trip for.
You gotta love any place where the staff answers by cousin (whatever their first name is)!!  I found this place needing a venue for a small party.  We were in Daytona Beach and were looking at heading back to Orlando.  Aunt Catfish is a great find.  The food is fresh, the staff is very attentive and you won't get hammered by high prices. For me, the salad bar was a killer!   Who else has the courage to offer pickled okra?? Combined with the black-eye pea salad as well as the beets and other offerings, you simply can't beat it. The catfish was good and they do prepare it various ways.  There is a large parking lot and the scene is very upbeat.  If you are in the Daytona Beach area and looking for something to enhance your experience, I would highly recommend a stop to Aunt Catfish.
Welcome to Daytona, where Yelp is rendered useless. Think pizza hut salad bar, overly sweet Southern "Fish Camp Fixin'" (Beans w/ sugar, cornbread w/ sugar, slaw w/ sugar.. etc) and completely soggy, bland food. They are right on the Halifax river, yet offer no fresh catfish. Literally every fried menu item tasted the same. Over priced, terrible decor, and horrible stench inside of the restaurant. All in all, if you love food.. get out of Daytona Beach. If you like food, try Boondock's. Lower prices, and actually fresh fish, but only slightly less bland.
Great salad bar , great salmon.... Service was good and , drinks were good, great night.
It was my birthday, Aug 3, and my buddy and I wanted to have a great meal without mortgaging the house. Aunt Catfish did not let us down. The fried shrimp was good, the salad bar has to be the best I have ever seen, the service staff is the best trained at any comparable restaurant I have ever visited. Do not scoff at the cinnamon bun on the tray--don't take it home. Eat it while it is hot. You will never find a better sweet bread.  Of course we will be back.  Only negative: the cocktail sauce and the tartar sauce were both ruined with honey.
Aunt Catfish's continues to be one of my favorites in Port Orange.  Their prices are reasonable and during lunch yesterday, my group could not have asked for better service than what we received from "Cousin" April.  (For those that don't know, this restaurant tries to initiate a back home atmosphere by having all their servers go by a "Cousin Something".  It works well in this type setting.  Anyway, back to "Cousin" April,  if you are a great tipper, be sure and ask for her one of her tables.  She'll treat you right (big tip or not).  The food is very good and I have become a fan of their "Salt & Pepper Catfish", even though before I was not necessarily a catfish fan.  Go & ENJOY yourself.  The atmosphere on the river is quite nice, as well.
Simply put: best in the area. Best bang for the buck, and great service. Fried catfish brought tears of joy to my eyes. New favorite restaurant in Florida!
AMAZING. AMAZING. AMAZING. I can not wait to come back to this place when I am in Florida. Service was OK, and the hostesses were kinda stupid and rude, but I can look past that, all because of the: Unreal salad bar, and amazing seafood......you MUST have that cinnamon bun that comes with your meal....do not skip out on it or you will be making the biggest blunder of your entire life - you have been warned.
I can't believe how nice this place is. I mean literally. According to their hours they were closed but my boyfriend insisted we call and ask if we could come in to eat dinner. To my surprise, they said yes! We arrived there and they knew exactly who were we, welcomed us with warm smiles, sat us and got crackin' to getting us food. The shrimp was mouthwatering fresh and juicy and oh so tasty in cajun seasoning. The grouper with lobster sauce on top was phenomenal but my favorite was their New England Clam chowder which our server gave to us for free ;) Anyways, I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone heading to Daytona Beach Florida.
2 1/2 if I could.  Everything here is just ok.  I know there are all these glowing reviews but to prove my point I'll give just 2 examples that would wave off any serious foodie.  No butter on the table....they have something called 'whipped spread' and I ordered the desert that was in Bon Appetite and instead of whipped cream...cool whip.
When we recently traveled to Daytona Beach on vacation, I read reviews on many restaurants in the area so we could plan where we'd be eating without having to stress about it. My husband had visited the place before, and didn't remember if it was bad, and the reviews seemed highly complimentary, so we added Aunt Catfish's to our list. We went at 4:45ish on a Thursday in the middle of August. We were greeted by a friendly staff and shown to our table through kitschy oceania themed tables. I knew we were in trouble when our young waitress said "Hi, I'm Cousin Stephanie, I'll be your waitress." Cousin Stephanie? Do these people also do the birthday song beat down? Not five minutes later as we were perusing the menu, the wait staff started singing Happy Birthday to a table. This place was turning out to be a TGI Friday's or Applebee's. However, the menu looked appetizing. I wanted something a bit "local", so I got a fried shrimp and scallop plate with sweet potato fries. They didn't have any green veggies that weren't served with bacon, so I added the salad bar and fish camp fixin's bar to the order. The salad bar was plain sad. Ice burg lettuce and canned veggies waited mournfully to be drowned in creamy, fatty dressings, the only kind offered except for a raspberry vinaigrette. When our entrees came, they were accompanied by a slew of sauces. Everything on the plate had its own sauce on the side- the sweet potato fries had a vomitus marshmallow sauce, the shrimp had cocktail sauce, which was foul as well, a citrus sauce for the scallops and a tartar sauce for the hushpuppy. Fried food isn't rocket science, but it is an art. It needs to be coated in a decent batter and cooked in HOT oil. But, the shrimp were soggy, as were the scallops. The sweet potato fries were good, as long as they didn't touch the marshmallow goop, and the hushpuppy was uninspired- no sweet red peppers or carrots in the thing. I couldn't finish a single thing on my plate, and it tasted as if I had gotten ill and forgot to rinse my mouth out afterward. Food shouldn't be drowned in sauce if it's good. Everything on the plate seemed lifeless and bland, except if it was dipped in one of the ubiquitous sauces, then it was nasty. The bill came to forty five bucks for two people. My husband really liked the sweet potato fries and marshmallow sauce, but was fairly neutral about the rest of the meal. I personally will never eat there again. It's too touristy, too pricey and too camp. Not to mention bad.
Just went there again, service was awful, my wife and I waited 20 minutes for soup and another 40 minutes for 2 entrees with (8 shrimp) they forgot the slaw and fries...ask the nice waiter for them he said "no problem" then he forgot again...10 minutes later he brought the slaw as we were leaving after 11/2 hours there..We will not be back...no more chances. I suggest going elsewhere
We have eaten there twice this week, and it was delicious both times.  Catfish are expertly prepared, the salad bar is the most diverse and delicious as it gets, and the service is excellent!
Going for brunch today...have eaten here before and it is always delicious! Try the shark! 5-star reviews are a rarity anywhere, but there is a reason this place is ALWAYS packed...the food and the service are pehominal. The view is great, they have outdoor dining and they do have a play area if you choose to bring the kiddies along. We alwyas eat here at least once while visiting the area. We decided to try the brunch based on a locals suggestion and we weren't dissapointed. They make pancakes right in front of you to order and there are many many varieties. I had the Toasted Almond Wheat Three-Berry pancakes - delicious! I highly reccomend giving them a try!!!
Aunt Catfish's doesn't look like anything special from the outside, but what a difference inside! I love this place! We got the Sunday buffet brunch and it was so good...we didn't even make it to the salad bar or dessert bar because we ate so much. The food was great, the service was good, the atmosphere was nice. I will definitely be going back.
Very tasty but bad for diets!
Although the name implies just catfish, they have a wide variety of food.  Nearly every bite was great - fresh and tasty.  Do yourself a favor and go!
This is the place to go for Sunday brunch, if you are a lover of buffets. All of the food is top notch, and the servers are down home wonderful. The salad bar includes several world class fruit salads, great broccoli slaw, cole slaw, perfect beets, on and on. They make you omlettes and pancakes to order and have a tray of perfectly crispy bacon and homemade cheese grits. Also there is a selection of carved meats, as well as delicious  pineapple stuffing, mashed potatoes, homemade biscuits...and as for the sweets...they make the best cinnamon swirl rolls, corn bread, tres leches cake, eclairs, and there is a chocolate fountain with marshmellows. I know there is a lot I am forgetting to mention. Call ahead, and get your name on a "preferred seating" list. You'll still wait, but believe me, the wait is worth it. Arrive hungry. This is for serious foodies.
Fresh Atlantic seafood (literally still kicking or rather floppin when it arrives at the restaurant), friendly, prompt service and a beautiful view of the Halifax river and the numerous grand pelicans swooping down at their day's meal.  Play a little bit of Warren Buffet, slather on some sunscreen, put on your sunglasses and make your way over to Aunt Catfish's on the River!  Good food, good friends, good fun!
All I can say is this place was southern fried amazing!....loved everything about it except maybe the wait but it was definetly worth it....yum!
I would not recommend Aunt Catfish's to my worse enemy!!! I thought it "felt" dirty. The salad/hot bar certainly left  a lot to be desired. The worse part of the meal was when one of my dining companions ordered a filet, which was in the $24 dollar range and when it arrived it wasn't a filet at all. It was a dry, tough piece of something! We called the wait person over to bring this to her attention and she commented that the kitchen gave her the wrong cut of meat... I didn't get a good feeling about this at all. She was fully aware what she served wasn't the filet and had we not complained I doubt she would have ever said anything! We told her we didn't want it so please take it off the bill, which she agreed to do so but she said she would charge my friend for the salad bar... I said absolutely not!! It was a pretty terrible experience and I will never go back!
After living in the area for a while now, we finally went and tried this place out. They have always been busy, but that means very little in some cases, and this is one. Calamari for starter - came out hot, but they use a funky batter that really didn't fit, and retained a lot of grease. Would have been much better if just dredged in seasoned flour. Clam chowder was a little thick, and would not have been bad if it had any flavor - very bland. Fried tilapia was borderline overcooked, ten more seconds and it would have been so dry that you could not have eaten it. Gator was good. Fried catfish was okay -  properly breaded and cooked well. Two separate orders of the make your own combination proved interesting. One was cajun sea scallops and shark bites. The other was the same except the scallops were supposed to be just grilled. Both came out cajun, and both were overcooked, and some of the smallest sea scallops that I have seen. They came 4 to a skewer, and were just a shade over room temperature when served. The shark bites were okay, some cooked more than others, but okay overall. The mistake on the scallops was corrected, and this time they came out hot, and cooked properly. Their famous cinnamon buns were average, and every one that came to our table was a different size - strange.   The salad bar is okay, but not overwhelming. Average at best - actually Golden Corral does a better job with a salad bar. They have a separate hot bar with corn bread (very good), cheese grits (also very good) baked beans, cole slaw 2 ways (the Dutch version is quite good) and a potato salad. I would suggest getting rid of the salad bar and concentrate on improving the rest of the menu. Any time that I looked at the salad bar area, it was a spot where two to five staff members were congregating and talking, getting in the customer's way in the process. Personally, I don't think that a salad bar should be the focal point of  a restaurant - it's generally a hook and a way to serve people low cost items that they will fill up on in order to make up for small entree portions. On our way out, we had to take a detour because four staff members were blocking the exit door talking and killing time. Our server was okay, quite attentive until the end -when describing the dessert selection, mentioned the first 3 items , and then took a different tone of voice when instructing us that the final ones on the list took 20 minutes to make in a way that made it sound like she didn't want to tie the table up that long. Dinner for four including one app and two desserts came to $117.00. The food quality did not match the price. Service was good, but not outstanding.The drinks were filled constantly, but there was confusion when getting food to the table. One app came out a good 5 minutes before the other finally made its way to the table. The scallop reorder took entirely too long.  I generally will give a restaurant two chances before I make an opinion, but in this case I don't think so. We watched servers apologising to several tables around us, and that's never a good sign. It's too bad that management wouldn't take the time to step things up a bit here - it's a great location, and could be a great restaurant. At one time, I believe that it was. Things need to be looked at again, improved and stop living on past achievements. I have absolutely no problem paying whatever the price if the food is worth it. However in this case, I think that the price is out of line with the overall quality.
Tried this place over 15 year span and it's never been good.  Basically just remind myself why we don't go more than once every three years or so.
Love the Sunday brunch. Has five main sections. Salad bar, dessert bar, grits and rolls section, fried foods/hot food section and omelet/pancake...etc. section where a cook makes it for you. The shining stars to me, are the cheese grits, cinnamon rolls and the catfish. So far, we have always received great customer service as well.
We love this place!  We come to town every few years and eat here every time, sometimes more than once.  Great menu with cool choices, nice view, and good service.  This is a distinction restaurant for us!
A must when we go to Daytona. Sunday Brunch is the best I've ever had. Brunch has catfish (fingerlings), carved ham and turkey, and made to order station for eggs, french toast, omelets, pancake and more.  Salad bar has almost anything you could want on it. A Fixins bar has everything from baked beans, cheese grits, and cornbread to desserts.
We were visiting Daytona Beach for a week just before Christmas, and stumbled upon AUNT CATFISH'S!  Everything was absolutely delicious!  We enjoyed so much that we made a second trip down during our stay.  I would recommend it to everyone and anyone.  DO yourself a favor and try the seafood....and seafood!   I had the stuffed shrimp, and loveeeeed them!!
My family and I had a very nice dinner outside on the deck with a nice young singer named Ashley providing entertainment. The food was tasty and the portions were good sized. I had the Cracker Style Fish Chowder followed by the Fried Catfish Filet Plate. Both were nice dishes and the catfish was very tender. Another person had the Vegetable Plate that she enjoyed and it was a lot of food. I would go back again the next time I am in Port Orange.
I actually wasn't too impressed the day we went. It may of had to do with the manager removing a dead bird on the deck with salad tongs. Just a little disgusting. the salad bar area was okay, the waiter was friendly, but when he brought the open condiment little tray to our seats, I thought they were ours to use for our food, I thought it was pretty disgusting to while we were using them to move it over to another table,I even told him, I had put my finger in and was dipping my stuff in it, and he said it was okay, they probably wouldn't eat that part. seriously. that was just too gross for me. It is expensive for what you get, and I honestly was not impressed at all.
The gator, catfish, shrimp and ribs were all amazing!!!  We were only there for the weekend, and ate there two days in a row.  Skip the tourist places on the beach, and eat here!  The salad bar with fresh vegetables and ripe tomatoes was excellent as well. All the wait staff introduce themselves as a Cousin.  Needless to say, they're a very friendly bunch.
Food is good and fresh. Not a fan of anything fried there. Batter is soggy and bland. But service is great. Always busy and great salad bar. I hear subday brunch is awesome too.
Man, oh man. It's good to hook up with a local when looking for some good food. While crowded at lunch on Saturday, a call ahead had us a table for eight with a view ready immediately on arrival. The fare at our table was fresh catch fish all around and everyone was VERY pleased. Mahi, tuna, flounder and catfish were all grilled to flakey perfection. The true southern style sides brought back memories of Arkansas family reunion feasts under the shade trees at grandma's. There was crusty edged cornbread for sopping up the juices from the fresh blackeyed peas that looked as though it had just been flipped out of a thick, 100 year old cast iron skillet. Its golden color trimmed in brown hinted of the buttery sweetness about to dance across your pallet. The choices available on the salad bar would humble the most discriminating salad artisan. Every fork full held the potential for a varied flavor. Included with each meal was a homemade cinnamon roll that rounded out the feast in a glorious manner. My only regret was that I was unable to sample the key lime pie that beckoned from the dessert tray. No worries, though. I am sure to return for more of this delicious fare.
Sent ahead a person in our party of12 to get the Lobster ( it vibrates to tell you your table is ready). The day before we tried to go but it was a 2 hour wait. Then, next day we hid the lobster in the bushes at the restaurant and went shopping. Came back, dug the lobster out of the bushes and was seated about 10 minutes later!  Success!  Parked across street because lot fills quick. Food is good, salad bar had a long line, and staff was very nice!  The location is great for photos with the sunset and water. Kids loved the playground.  Live music was really nice. Just a little expensive.
I have been coming here for years and never had a bad experience, in fact I recommend it to anyone going through the Daytona Area.  The food is great and it is reasonably priced.  They have an excellent salad bar & small hot bar with fresh cornbread and cheese grits.  I usually get the fried shrimp with the salad bar.  Most meals also come with a fresh cinnamon roll as a small desert.  Check it out!
A great place to stop for a fantastic seafood meal or Sunday brunch. In addition to seafood, the salad bar is great as well as the--what would I call it?--"Downhome goodness bar", which includes cheese grits, baked apples and incredible baked beans. The fish is fresh and mainly local, and the staff is quite knowledgeable and friendly. On weekends there is a breakfast buffet, which includes catfish and other down home specialties along with the usual fare. Be sure to get on the waiting list, because this place always seems to have a line out the door.
Good. Food was okay. What makes it better is their selection of salad and side fixin's...this includes black eye pea salad, broccoli salad, salad (buffet), baked beans, stewed apples, grits and cheese and corn bread. Next time, we'll get a smaller portion of food and take advantage of their salad/side offerings!
This is a must stop for me each time I am in Daytona.  I havent been for dinner in some time - but the Sunday Brunch is great!!!  Super cheap I think its like $12 and it includes a giant salad bar, hot bar with baked beans, corn bread, cinnamon buns and grits.  Then there is a brunch buffett with ham, bacon, sausage, breakfast potatoes, mashed potatoes, pineapple stuffing (dont knock it til you try it!), biscuits and gravy, hush puppies (the best), catfish and alot more options.  Then there are made to order eggs, pancakes, and french toast.  This place rocks!!!  Go early to avoid the line!!!
Ok, so we drove out of our way to eat here and boy was it worth the drive!  Price and value were on point for a waterfront restaurant.  Kendall Jackson for $7 is good deal when you're sitting on the water.  Fire Roasted oysters were excellent.  Cousin Grace did an outstanding job.  Food was decent, don't come here expecting an outstanding waterfront dining experience.  Do come here to take your mom for a great time!  Moms over 65 will think they've died and gone to heaven!
This place was excellent! We found it Yelp's app on a spur of the moment decision and had no idea what to expect. We just saw the 4.5 star rating and decided to go for breakfast. Service was excellent and the server asked if it was our first visit and toured us through the buffet lines. Food was very creative and delicious. First time I had tried catfish and I though it tasted a bit like sand, but lucky for me they have plenty of other choices!
Whenever my family and I head to the Daytona Beach area for vacation, this is our go-to place almost every night of the week! Our entire family loves to eat here! The food just can't be beat, as well as their wine specials. Their salad bar and hot bar are delicious and keep us fed until the meal comes. Such high quality, fresh seafood at such reasonable prices.
Excellent. Great outdoor seating, attentive staff, and fresh seafood. Grilled mahi mahi and golden tile - the bomb. Salad bar was awesome. Should've split a meal because we couldn't finish everything. Definitely will be back :)
I absolutely LOVE THIS PLACE. If you told me I could go anywhere in the entire world to eat tonight...this is where I would choose to go. I visit Daytona about three times a year, and always come here twice during my visit. If my friends would stand it, we'd go every night but one night...and on that one night we'd go to the other side of the Dunlawton bridge to Our Deck. Check it out too!) Anyway, I can almost guarantee a LONG wait for you...only because this place is damn good and everyone knows it. But here is a secret....call ahead before you leave! You'll spend much less time waiting! But to be honest, I don't mid the wait because they have some of the best drinks around. I mean they pour the liquor in that place...you won't get a poor drink. All of their drinks, with or without alcohol, come in Mason jars. Although the alcoholic drinks are a little pricey, you're probably going to get a nice buzz going on the first one. The restaurant is very old, but they remodeled a few years ago and it's really nice! While you wait, take a walk on the dock out to the river! It's beautiful at sunset! They always have live entertainment on the weekends outside as well. They have an exceptional salad bar, that is included with almost every meal. The peppercorn ranch dressing is awesome! You also get "the fixin's" bar as well. It includes the best baked beans you've ever had, awesome cheese grits, baked cinnamon apples, and cornbread. Every thing I've ever had there is wonderful, and my friends have always loved what they ate as well. I usually get the salt and pepper catfish, and it's excellent! I know people either love or hate catfish. If you love it, it's a must. If not, you need to give it a try here! It doesn't have that nasty "catfish-y" flavor some places have. It's very good. If you like liver and onions, which is another one of those love or hate dishes, get that here as well! That's not something every place has, or does correctly, but my boyfriend really likes it. Random, but I even really love their tarter sauce. I think they must make it there rather than scoop it out of a nasty jar of mostly mayonnaise. It's great! Also, every meal comes with a delicious cinnamon roll, they bake fresh daily. I am usually too stuffed to eat it. So we like to ask for a bag and enjoy it later that night as dessert! You can also buy them buy the half dozen to take home. They also serve brunch on Sundays (maybe Saturday too but I'm not sure). I've never been but it's probably great. I know they have a chocolate fondue fountain then. Who can say no to that? Every time I have had great service! Even when visiting with a group of 10. Definitely visit this place, you won't be disappointed!
Some of the best food in Daytona.
Great seafood, great vacation atmosphere, great service, great salad bar. Has a fish-feeding dock :)
Believe the very positive reviews you read for Aunt Catfish's!  Catfish filet dinner was fabulous, with a light flavorful breading. Hush puppies were sweet and delicious.  Salad and fixin's bar had a large variety and was very fresh.  Another member of our party had blackened Mahi Mahi, which was excellent.  Cousin Stacey provided great service.  Wait was quoted at 70 minutes but we were seated within 25 minutes.  Take advantage of call ahead seating. After dinning at many locations in the Daytona Beach area, this restaurant has risen to the top of the list.
Great atmosphere! Husband and I went out for something relatively quick, fun, and healthy. Salad bar had a nice variety, fish cooked perfectly, band playing outside was great, and cinnamon rolls are incredible! Saving this place as a reference for future visits. Prices are reasonable and family oriented with their mini playground while you wait to be seated. You will not make a mistake coming here. :-)
What a lovely location, and staff. Thank goodness for a chance idea to call ahead because it was packed and we were able to get a reservation! although the woman on the phone wasnt the most amicable but i can understand the rushed feeling of the call. Where do i begin walking into the lobby/bar area nice decoration and greeted promptly. We only waited a couple minutes to be seated, and the waiter brought us water and was patient to explain the menu and how the hot buffet area worked. We were taking a very special family member for a special meal, and it was just that. Loved the grits and one thing that especially made me smile was the croutons home made and warm, mmhmm.  i would definantly invite you to check it out, but call for a reservation.
If you don't like Aunt Catfish, you need serious help. I even had my wedding reception here and they did a WONDERFUL job! LOVE THIS PLACE!
We made a reservation and were seated within 10 minutes of that time.  It was our first time to Aunt Catfish's, excellent food and lots of it!  Great service from "Cousin Ross".  The salad buffet was fresh (and I'm very picky about buffets), the hot buffet had cheese grits, baked beans, baked apples, and corn bread-all excellent.  One in our party had catfish 2 ways and said it was the best he'd ever had, my fried chicken strips were seasoned very well and the breading was perfect, not overwhelming.   A great experience and we are sure to return!
A nice place to have a meal.  Some tables have great views of the river.  The salad bar is very good.
