What can I say about this place?   AMAZING gourmet sandwich shop on Flagler Ave. My #1 place for consistently awesome food beachside. The sandwiches are HUGE.... I mean.....  GIGANTIC!!!! All fresh toppings and high quality meats..... simply awesome food! They offer unique side dishes and a large variety of chips.   The only thing to note is that it is a little on the pricey side..... but all sandwiches are totally sharing sized and oozing with high quality ingredients.  This is NOT a subway quality sub here.....  fancy schmancy.
It seems that every time I visit New Smyrna, I find a place or establishment that allows me to appreciate this beach town more than I did before. Manzanos sandwiches being the most recent cause of foodie excitement, I will explain why. They make both breakfast and lunch and I honestly can't say enough about how great my experience here was. Team Vega had unfortunately just missed breakfast but I think that worked out for the best since we ended up ordering "The Big Lebowski" sandwich and were completely blown away by how delicious it was. They use Boars Head meats and cheeses and very good quality fresh baked ciabatta bread flown in from New York. You think Publix subs are good? I do, but these guys will put them to shame with that awesome bread alone. The coffee here is excellent; it was a very nice surprise. They offer Columbian, Blue mountain, and decaf. They have many deli sides, chips, potato salad, coleslaw, even seaweed salad. Desserts in all shapes and sizes but I didn't try any this time around. The establishment is very clean considering the high volume of traffic, and prices are more than reasonable considering that it's not even a block away from the beach and on Flagler Ave. Even as I write this I wish they weren't so far from Orlando, I'd be there at least once a week so you can be sure that I will stop by for a bite to eat the next time I'm at NSB.
Great place for lunch. Great sandwich combinations. The bread is perfect, crispy On the outside soft in the middle. Go for the paninis. Meats are hand carved in front of you.
Best sub in NSB, without a doubt. The girls working there have inherited the attitude of the birthplace of the bread but the food is worth the grumpy workers, most if the time.
The sandwiches are delicious.  The best in the beach!  And though I love to eat the leftovers in the morning (who doesn't enjoy breakfast subs?!), they've got an awesome breakfast menu too.  The Sup Dude is my go to.  They're also a participant on the monthly wine walk!
I cannot express how much my family and I enjoyed our experience.  The food we had will be "one of those times," when you reminisce to someone else about the best sandwich you ever could have. A must visit.
Excellent subs! Ordered the ok corral whole, which was giant! The bread is crunchy and you can tell it was fresh. The restaurant needs some updates to the interior but otherwise has great variety in soft drinks and chips selection.
People are not kidding when they say these sandwiches are seriously huge! I ate half or a half size and I was stuffed! But they are not just big, they are delicious too. I tried a bite the maverick (super yummy) and the OK corral (also great, a bit more simple) and both were fresh with great quality meats. I only wish I could bring the shop back to California with me!
Best subs in the area hands down located off of Flagler Ave you will not be disappointed with any of your choices. The bread and fresh ingredients sets this place apart. A great stop before heading to the beach or out on the boat. There is a large selection of giant subs to chose from or request your own favorite and have them dress it anyway you like. Nothing for miles around compares and if you get a large there will be plenty to share. You've made a good choice if you stop here.
I absolutely love Manzano's. The hubs and I were recently in the New Smyrna area and we have been to the other location in downtown Deland - where we really enjoyed the food. We went for a late lunch - I stuck with my favorite; the Italian Stallian - it is loaded with all of the best sliced meats and veggies on the best bread. Whenever we go to Manzano, I always get the large and I make three different meals out of it because of its massive size! The hubs got the Goodfella which is just as good. Overall, I love this location, there is adequate parking along the street and behind the restaurant. The customer service here is spot on and we will definitely come back here again soon.
The OK Corral is THE BEST roast beef sandwich I've had in my life! The half-size version was enough to feed two adults, the horseradish cheddar is delicious, and it was the freshest, juiciest sliced roast beef I've ever had at a deli. We went back the next day and bought extra.
This place is awesome. They offer a wide variety of unique and delicious subs and paninis. I especially like the Clubber Lang Sub and the Grilled Chicken Pesto Panini. The prices seem a little steep at first but once you see the giant portions and experience the fine quality of their ingredients you will understand that it is worth it.
The sandwiches at Manzano are huge!  It's a very good deal for the price.  They have a wide selection of hot sandwiches as well as cold.  I do wish the portobello wasn't drowned in so much balsamic vinegar, but the flavors, otherwise, were really good.  They also have a great selection of drinks.  I'd definitely come here again.
The sandwiches from this place are HUGE!  Looking at the sample-size bread on the counter, you don't really get a good idea of just how big the sandwiches are until they throw one at you loaded with meat and toppings. For size and weight comparison, think fully-clothed-small-child-thrown-into-bathtub.  For real. All the sandwiches have cool names of movie characters, etc...  I picked up the Big Lebowski - turkey, ham, roast beef, lettuce, tomato, onion, oil (no vinegar).  It was all-around a very good hoagie.  And it was really freakin filling.  You won't need the bag of chips, I ended up taking it home unopened. The only downside: I think that they might have skimped on quality for quantity, at least a little.  The sandwich was a little, well, bland.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but it seemed like it could have used a little kick or something. Also, the soda fountain was kind of lame.  Just soda, a bucket of ice you had to scoop yourself on the side of the dispenser.  You couldn't afford a real soda fountain that makes its own ice?  C'mon now you had business out the ass when I was in there.
Best. Reuben. Ever.  I daydream about this Reuben.  Everything about this sandwich was "on point".  I really need to go again...then I'll be able to write a more detailed review. As for right now, the Reuben drowns out all of the other details about the location, atmosphere, etc.  I'll just have to go back and order another Reuben.  Next time, I'll try to pay more attention to the other details....but if you are a Reuben fanatic, try Manzano's!
As an obnoxious Capitalist, I cheer like hell when I see someone go into business for themselves and do well. It's especially true with the young couple that owns Manzanos. Very hardworking and friendly people that put a lot of work into what they do and it shows in the quality of the food. Great sandwiches, great portions and a very clean shop. We make it a point to visit every time we come home to NSB.
HUGE Sandwich split the full sandwich on a whole grain fresh bread loaded with meat cut in four pieces shared the sandwich and was stuffed more then plentiful for two people. Can't beat the value for the quality price and the coffee was fabulous! I'll be back for sure
Great food wine and beer!! Also Sup's. Excellent service!
Next time you want a sub, go here instead of subway!! Delicious food
Excellent sandwich on delicious in-store baked bread.  I was barely able to finish a half size sandwich - even in my younger years I doubt I would have been able to finish a whole.
Awesome sandwiches and great service
The sandwiches are freshly made, delicious & incredibley huge!  ($8 for 1/2, $13 for 18")  The subs are made on bread that is actually flown in from New York & available for purchase ($4).  We drove 25 miles mainly because of the the NY bread & after ordering sandwiches, we did take 4 loaves home.  We looked at the pictures on their website & were expecting an Italian Deli with lots of salamis, olives, meats, cheeses, pastas, cookies, pastries, etc.  Unfortunately, Manzano's is NOT that place.  But, if you are in the New Smyrna Beach neighborhood, you will enjoy the terrific sandwiches they make.
The place to go for subs and sandwiches, especially if really really really hungry. Best sub in Nsb.
I'm a huge fan of the 3 cheese caprese panini! Great soups and the bread is part of what makes their sandwiches so yummy! I also love the selection of Eli's sodas they have available. Try the ginger beer if they have it.
Excellent!!  Great sandwiches if you love good deli. Raised in Jersey with great deli and pizza; now living in TX I really miss it.  It was a great fix going to Manzanos.  Highly reccommend!
Great subs!  Exceeds my expectations every time.  Great meats, amazing sub rolls and best spinach-feta pasta salad I've ever had.  We eat here multiple times per week as it's a really great value.  I recommend the big lebowski and NSB subs!
Their sandwiches and panini's are insanely delicious. Service is good and the wait is always worth the food.
Hooked after 1st time! Make SURE you have an appetite if you get a whole sandwich - they are HUGE. Taste so fresh and quick service! Cant wait to try more of the menu
OK... I've had several sandwiches in my day... these are hands down the BEST ones EVER!!  I live in Virginia and I head straight to Manzano's when I come down to see my parents!  The quality is awesome!  Amazing bread and they use Boar's Head meat!  The sandwiches are HUGE!!   Which make my dad happy because he always gets my 2nd half!  If you want a some delicious food.... head over to Manzano's!!
Great place to enjoy lunch. They have great soups,  I fell in love with the clam chowder, and cream of mushroom. The sandwiches and paninis are very tasty . They even offer 1/2 sandwiches for smaller appetites and they all happen to be reasonably priced.
Diamond in the rough!!! Walked the strip to look for some lunch with the wife and came across this place. The staff was very friendly, and the food was even better! We split the caprese salad and I had the Brian special! WOW. Fresh meats and cheeses, and the tomatoes were spectacular! Worth stopping for!!!
Clean place, nice staff and Great Cuban! Many Sandwiches to choose from, all freshly made including several daily specials. Been here twice now, consistently great sandwiches... Try the Cuban... Best ever.
