Food was excellent. Portions were big Service was very quick waitress very pleasant  . Reasonable priced great place for breakfast recommend it highly.
A Daytona institution and there's a great reason why: the food is superb. You have to be nuts to go to ihop or Denny's when this gem is right down the street.
The food was typical diner, the service was ok, my kid was bananas for the hashbrowns. The best feature of this place is that it's right next to the coin laundry, and thus I was inspired to eat there.
Good food, fun friendly staff.  All OK until near the end, when I found a piece of plastic in my hash brown casserole.  Practically had to beg for some sort of refund, & then the host Mike was only gracious enough to refund the .50 up-charge for the casserole.  Too bad, because food very good, but customer relations very bad.
Best french toast I've had in a while.  Went here everyday while staying in a hotel across the street and had to keep ordering the same thing (french toast, side of bacon, and coffee).  Neat beach atmosphere, great breakfast can't ask for more.
The food is great. Simple, Fresh, Delicious and Quick. Everything is home made and the staff is very friendly. Great breakfast and lunch. I recommend the pancakes, the potato pancake with some onions, the meatloaf sandwich, and the patty-melt. The desserts are very good also. I've been in Daytona about ten days and eaten there about seven times.
Holy breakfast, Batman!! We go to Daytona at the beginning of October every year and are always searching for a good breakfast spot. Daytona isn't exactly known for its great food.... Especially if you are a healthy eater. Organic food is no where to be found and most of the breakfast spots are basically the quality of Denny's. We discovered Mike's Galley and ended up eating there 4 times on our trip. The eggs: perfectly cooked every time. The meat: yummy and perfectly cooked. The baked goods: make from scratch daily, including cinnamon rolls as big as your head, amazing homemade cinnamon bread, and fresh donuts. The potatoes: TO DIE FOR!!! The homefries with grilled onions are the perfect breakfast potato! The corn beef hash: Manfriend says it's amazing. I don't care for corn beef, no matter how good it is! I wish we had a place like this back home!! We will definitely return multiple times next October!
I visited this restaurant 3 times over my week of vacation. I was very disappointed, despite the rave reviews which were the reason I visited the restaurant. I went back for convenience (because of the close proximity to my hotel) and because I wanted to try a different food item in hopes of liking the restaurant more.  ::sigh::  It didn't happen.  =/ The first visit, I had one of the scrambles.  I wasn't pleased.  It had an overwhelming amount of japapenos.  I use the word "overwhelming", not because I dislike heat, but because it was literally more jalapeno than egg.  The homemade toasted bread served along side was very tasty though.  The hashbrowns were average. The second visit, I had a short stack of the plain pancakes. They were nothing special at all.  Again, I was not impressed. My husband ordered the waffle, which was actually good. During my last visit, I ordered their signature cinnamon bread French toast...again...NOT IMPRESSED.  Normally, French toast has a rich flavor.  However, this French toast had hardly any flavor at all, even with it being made of cinnamon bread.
My brother has a condo across the street. This the ONLY place we will go for the breakfast. Yes it is the most confinement but please don't let that fool you into thinking we are just lazy. When he moved in several years ago the strip mall that includes Mike's had a 'shady' appearance to us so we were skeptical. But oh my, once we finally decided to go in, we've never stopped going. The wait staff is always friendly and never let a cup or glass in empty. There's always at least one non-menu special on the board and EVERYTHING is good. The Scrambles will take any omelet on any menu to task and the toast is so thick I only eat I piece. If your on a diet or really watching what you, do not go near the bakery, you cannot resist. They make a cinnamon roll the size of my head (and I wear 7-3/4 hats)! Fritters are best when warmed just a smidgen, but if you're early, that's the way they'll already be. Mike's has grown to double their size since our first experience. The staff has remained consistent, with an occasional new face, but always on their game. Come on out and check out some good diner/dive food. They've even got 4taps and some liquor to aide in your dining enjoyment. My only complaint is that they aren't open for dinner. (Although they have been known to do special hours at times). Thanks Mike, and staff, for always making my vacation better!
I wish I could give Mikes Galley more than five stars.  I love this place.  It's a proven fact, eating here will cure any hangover.  We go every time we are in Daytona. The vibe is super casual and friendly. The service is great. The homemade french toast, giant cinnamon roll and benedicts are my favorites. It has become a tradition in our family to get up early to watch the sun come up over the ocean and then head to Mike's for a huge breakfast. I Can't say enough good things about this place you have to check it out.
This is a great breakfast/lunch spot. Service is quick and friendly. The kitchen is fast and good. The egg scrambles we are we're delicious, as was the huge cinnamon roll, which they will wrap in Saran Wrap for you if you can't eat the whole giant thing.
This place was awesome!!! I'm not a big breakfast eater but if I lived in Daytona and could frequent this place every morning I'd become a breakfast eater!!! The staff was very friendly, the food was amazing, and for icing on the cake they have boxes of trivial pursuit questions at your table to keep you entertained!! I'm extremely picky about eating eggs and their eggs were spot on!!! Can't wait to visit Daytona again and enjoy this local favorite!
It's not very often that all members of our family are happy with their meals. Today was that day! Real chicken salad in a wrap with sweet potato fries are a must! My husband enjoyed his blackened mahi wrap with onion rings and all the kids raved about their breakfast. We will be back!
Delicious brunch. Cinnamon rolls the size of your head. If you get there late enough doughnuts are buy one get one. I got Mikes mix several times (three egg omelette), it was great. If you get it grilled be aware it comes in a lot of butter. Delicious!
My BF and I love diner breakfasts! We scour places to go wherever we are. Searched on yelp and thought we try this spot. This place is huge! Bakery cafe on one side and the dining room with a bar on the other. Our waitress poured our cups full of hot coffee. Western omelet with thick humungous slices of toasts and side of potatoes went from fork to mouth to happy stomach. My BF raved about the eggs Benedict that it was the best he has ever had and that's quite a lot of eggs benedicts! A true local no frill all real diner :-)
We came for breakfast or lunch every day during our vacation. Great food, really good and friendly service.  Love this place!
If you like cold food, cold coffee, and poor service you've come to the right place. I ordered a vanilla latte that I had to have heated up because it came out warm at best. Then I waited another 10 minutes for my order to be taken. When my food finally arrived the Blue Crab Benny's crab tasted over cooked and cold, the poached eggs were hard boiled, and the potato pancake tasted from instant mashed potatoes and was also cold.
We came in on a Saturday Morning after reading some good Yelp Reviews.  It seems to be a theme with the Reviews that the food is great, but service is so-so.  The guy who took our order worked the entire bakery-side of the restaurant, while there were plenty of girls who worked the other, larger side.  He was very nice, personable, and helpful to us and other tables when he took our order, and got us our food pretty promptly.  So far so good!! But after that, not a soul ever came back to check on us.  My one cup of coffee eventually went dry, but our Waiter was very busy tending to requests from the waitresses, Bakery duty, and other tables.  Sometimes the waitresses came into our area to ask him to ring up tickets and what not, but they would stand around and wait for him to finish, rather than ask us if we needed anything.  Finally I waved a girl down to get coffee, and she poured it then quickly left before we could ask for extra napkins or a glass of lemonade, which is what we also wanted.  So we never got those things. One side note, a pet peeve of mine is to go into the Ladies Room and have NO spot to hang or set my purse!!  I had to do the contortionist act of doing the clothes management and toilet paper thing while also holding my purse in one hand or my lap.  Then, try washing and drying your hands while holding onto a purse.  Not good.  Is it too much to ask for a hanger on the back of the door??  That really doesn't help the overall restaurant experience. So... good food, not so great service.
Went there for breakfast. Nice clean restaurant with decent decor, laid back atmosphere.  Staff is friendly and work well as a team. Ordered a typical breakfast of eggs, bacon and toast. Ordered a potato pancake. It wasn't that great - tasted more like mash potatoes that had been grilled. But the fresh homemade bread (I had rye) was delicious! Also, took a dozen donuts back with us. Very good. Blows dunkin' donuts out of the water. Def recommended.
I first went to Mike's because it was across the street from our hotel, but I ended up going back because it was delicious. The hashbrown casserole is out of control and the pancakes I had were amazing. The service was awesome and I never had to wait for a table. I didn't get a chance to try any of the baked goods, but the smell from the bakery part of the restaurant was tempting me the entire time... If i hadn't been so full from my breakfast, I would have picked up a donut or two.
This is a regular place of ours to eat breakfast. Courteous wait staff and a large selection of good food and fresh baked goods. There are several craft beers on tap as well as a large dining area! The only gripe I have is that I wish they were open later as they close at 2 everyday. This is def a place to check out if you want some good breakfast!
Delicious diner food with homemade bread! The crinkled cut sweet potato fries are so good! We were even able to eat outside with our puppy!
Not as good as I expected. Coffee was good. Service was comfortable and enjoyable! Pancakes were over cooked. Couldn't eat it all. Hash brown casserole felt like it wasn't fresh. Felt like they heated up yesterday's batch. Cheese wasn't melted. Again, food was pretty decent and the price was cheap. I just thought it would be a little better.
Went here for breakfast while we were on vacation here in Daytona and the breakfast was great! I had the french toast amd the portion size was enough for two! All of the bread is made in house and they also make lots of pastries that are to die for. Only reason I didn't give ot five stars was because the table was a bit sticky and had a dirty fork but I will definatly be back! Staff was great!
Sunday breakfast, Fast Friendly service, space to accommodate breakfast rush. Ordered famous French toast, it was thick somewhat too tough to enjoy. Eggs and good hashbrowbs oily and rushed. Toast is housemade bread with frenchtoast , good and thick. Bakery is cool decent variety but donuts are NOT close to a dunkin. Good place relatively cheap
Today was the first time I ate here for Breakfast and it was delicious!! I have lived in Port Orange for almost 4 years and I have had breakfast at so many different places and this was the best that I have had. I will be back, everything was amazing!
Oh man, this place has top-notch food. Seriously. If you're visiting the Daytona area and you're looking for a great breakfast, hit up Mike's Galley. They used to be in a hotel down near Wilbur by the Sea/Ponce Inlet but they since moved to a bigger location down on S. Atlantic. There is sufficient seating in the new location, although I've never been to the old location so I can't comment on it. I ordered the Eggs Benedict, my mom had the Blueberry French Toast and my boyfriend had the cinnamon French Toast which I think is their plain French Toast. I tried some of their food too and it was excellent. My Eggs Benedict were some of the BEST I've ever had, hands-down. All of the bread is freshly made and you can really taste it! Service is also top-notch. They constantly came to our table to refill coffee and water. They even brought my mom a new spoon for her coffee after she finished eating. The waitstaff seemed to be in a good mood and were singing along to the radio. I definitely cannot wait to come back here!
Likely the best breakfast on the beach (though I'll admit, I haven't tried them all--yet)! I ordered the half-size order of biscuits and gravy, and am so glad I didn't order the full platter. The delicious biscuits are nearly the size of saucers, and the gravy had chunks of sausage. Yummy! My egg was perfectly cooked, as well. I also tried hubby's hash brown casserole, which puts Cracker Barrel's to shame, if you're a fan. Very, very cheesy, with bits of onion and pepper. The counter inside was loaded with fresh-baked pastries: cherry-cheese danishes, huge cinnamon rolls, monsterous muffins (I tried blueberry and cranberry-orange--mmmm), massive pecan rolls . . . get the picture? Other things ordered at our table included the breakfast sandwich (ham, egs, cheese on homemade toasted sourdough), potato pancakes and a "Mike's Mix" which was three eggs scrambled with ham and cheese. Serving sizes were quite generous, and each of us took food home. Everyone was very happy with their order, and now we're looking forward to trying Mike's Galley for lunch. Before you go, realize that this is a home-cooking, family-style restaurant, not a fast-food joint. You may have to wait for a seat, or you may have to wait a bit for your freshly-prepared meal. Our coffee cups never reached the bottom before we had a fresh refill, while we waited. Pastries, however, are ready to pick up and take out, so if you're in a rush, you can still stop by for fresh muffins, a loaf of breakfast bread, etc. Definitely worth the drive to the beach!
Stopped in for breakfast which we heard was  amazing Food was ok, service was terrible. There were 5 tables in there with folks eating and about twice the workers who seemed to be more interested in closing then they did service! Would not recommend for the terrible service and lack of cleanliness...
Over priced, food isnt good at all & the waitress's do what? Give you 1 drink & food and never return. Wasnt impressed at all and wont be returning!!!! Dennys is better than this place & priced so much better!
OK, so, I have no idea what others saw in this place.   It is Friday morning, we arrive at 10:22am and we find a seat right away (you grab them as they come open - which I already don't like).  It takes 10 mins to get any kind of service to take our drink order.  Takes another 5 mins for the drinks to arrive and breakfast order to be taken.   Our breakfast arrives 1 hour after we have been seated.  1 hour.  I am not kidding here.  We eat it in 20 mins and then are out of there.   This place is in a strip mall of sorts.  When you walk in, basic register stand on the right and as I stated earlier, you find a seat where you can find it.  Not the cleanest place in the world.  A big open area with booths along the walls and basic table and chairs in the middle.  Several flat screen TVs showing NASCAR practice.  The booth we sat in had a stockpile of stuff at the end by the wall.  A bowl (think pasta bowl size) full of various creamers, butters and jellies/jams) and who knows how long it had been there.   There was 2 different types of syrups - 1 no sugar, 1 with no fructose or something like that.  Neither tasted very good at all.  iHOP has better.  There were trivia cards in a box which had seen better days and various spills from prior eats. And then, well, a patron at a table across from our booth let out a shriek and lo and behold there was a cockroach crawling by her/on her ... she stomped it and killed it.  Which was nice.  But icky - considering we hadn't received our food.   The place just seemed dingy and dirty.  I said that it needed a restaurant make over.   We ordered our food and asked about their famous cinnamon buns - which are not on the menu - but you can go next door to their bakery and get one and bring it back to your table.  Yes, that's what I said.   We ordered various things at our table ... a delux breakfast sandwich, ham eggs benedict, french toast, short stack pancakes, and a fruit cup.   French toast - was dry.  And cold. Fruit - the red grapes had seeds. Eggs Benedict - warm but waaaay too much butter on the english muffin. Delux Egg Sandwich - no flavor and the bread was only slightly toasted on the outside but doughy on the inner parts against the eggs and bacon - made it taste bad. Shortstack pancakes - fluffy but not tasty and the syrup didn't help improve anythign either.   we opted out of going to the bakery based on our prior experience and that well, it was basically lunch time now.   We will never come back here.  We live and learn but honestly, we have no idea how people can rate this place a 5.  $60 later and a big breakfast at McDonald's would have been better.
Good food very basic place but friendly fast service. Had the California mix and a side of corned beef hash and my wife had the French Toast.   All very good.
Delicious grilled cheese and ham sandwich on their freshly baked cinnamon toast.  A two meal sandwich and as delicious cold as hot.  Cinnamon bun ok but not great . Very friendly staff. Excellent French toast and delicious grilled cheese and ham on home made cinnamon bread.  Enough for two meals.  Home friesade from scratch and very tasty, not oily or over-seasoned.  Service was prompt and cheerful.  Coffee, however, is indifferent and cinnamon bun was a bit dry
I was so excited to try Mikes galley after reading the reviews, I arrived for breakfast to find they are closed Wednesdays! Now I'm at the cracked egg crying in my coffee
If you are in Daytona and don't go to Mike's Galley, you are doing yourself a huge disservice .... They serve one of te best breakfasts in the south. From fresh baked breads like cinnamon (my fave) and rye to home made potato casserole, this is a diamond in the rough on Daytona Beach. A few recommendations: cinnamon bread French toast, cinnamon rolls, potato casserole & biscuits. Sometimes there is a wait... Patience is a virtue... And will pay off in an excellent meal.
Good food, friendly staff. you can't go wrong. Home made breads and food. I love it when the kitchen crew starts singing out loud when they are working.  Something about happy people makes you happy too,
Always Great!
The home made bread is incredible!   I had the best turkey sandwich ever!!!  Fresh carved turkey!!!!
The Irish Benedict is the bomb. All the pastries are homemade had the cinnamon roll great. Will eat here every time were in the area.
Great breakfast spot
Phenomenal food!!!!!  The quiche was to-die-for, and their omelets are delicious.  They will even turn an omelet into a grilled burrito for you if you would like.  Their breads are homemade, and their cinnamon rolls are ENORMOUS!  Great great service, too.  Local joint, very welcoming!
Every year when we come down to Daytona, we have to go to Mike's at least a couple of times.  They do breakfast right, 'nuff said. Now that they've expanded, there's room for everyone.  The place looks great.
Awesome pastries!!!!
Small place, very plain but clean. Tight seating. Good food. Huge portions. Lousy atmosphere. If you are a local - this place is perfect, if you are on a super budget - this place is perfect - if you are just in town visiting - I'd recommend some of the other spots like the pier.
Best homemade breakfast in town. All bread is made there and they won't sell a hamburger unless the buns are done. Best kept secret in town!
Great breakfast place... Super busy but worth the wait! We had the florentine and a western scramble. Both were so good! Would definitely go back!
Accidentally found this joint...amazing food and customer service!  Great big sandwiches at a great price!  When you order fruit as a side you actually get real fresh fruit, amazing!  Renovating at the time we were there and room by bar a little warm but worth the heat! Staff amazing and honestly haven't had this kind of guest service since I gave it!
If you are looking for the absolute best breakfast place in Daytona, this is it! They make all of their baked goods from scratch, and the service is very quick.
Breakfast scrambles were good, coffee good quality. Whole place restrooms included was super clean. Bread for toast was very good. Didn't try the other baked goods today as we were full up but will be picking some up tomorrow as they looked and smelled superb. Reasonable prices and friendly staff all around.
Clean. Quick. Reasonably priced. Homemade bread. Huge pancakes. Light grits. Really pleasant place.
