Dinner 8/28  My first every experience eating at a restaurant with cuisine from Honduras AND I WAS BLOWN AWAY!  This place was amazing.  Everything is fresh, homemade, hand cut, and authentic!  No processed or frozen or microwaved food here! Chef Mayra is a true professional and takes great pride in every dish she creates, cooks and serves.  The Spanish Octopus appetizer was so delectable.  And let me tell you, there is a difference in Octopus varieties and this one is very different than most - ask them and they will explain!  I got the special Grouper in Chimol Sauce (with Coconut, curry and cilantro) and it was by far the best tasting Grouper I have ever had!  The sauce was out of this world and a perfect compliment to the expertly prepared Grouper!  SERIOUSLY - best I have every had!  It was fresh, brought in that day and never frozen - not more than 24 hours from being caught!  If you go:  1) make a reservation as the place is small and can have an hour wait on some nigths and others not so many (its Holly Hill, not Heathrow)  2) ask when they have the Spanish guitar player there - adds tremendous to the experience.  3) ask the servers about the dishes and what goes into them, you will be impressed with the ingredients and preparation!  No short cuts in Mayra's kitchen!  4) it's a bit hard to find, but well worth the drive from anywhere in FL  I don't give out many 5 Stars folks and this one certainly earned it!!
Excellent place for an upscale family dinner or date night.  It's tucked away in a beautiful setting with plenty of parking. I had a delicious passion fruit mimosa, compliments of the bartender!  My date enjoyed the recommended red wine too. The Cuban sandwich was very tasty with juicy meat and just the right amount of cheese.  I especially liked the pesto sauce that was on the side (there was also a peppery one).  The beans and rice were a nice complement.  I also ordered plantains after reading the reviews.  They were sweet but the portion was small, maybe four pieces.   Although the total was $13 each for lunch (sans drinks), the food and the ambiance were worth it and you can't beat the friendly service.  The outdoor restroom was odd but it was clean with nice lathering soap.  I would love to return especially for drinks during Flamenco night and/or live music.
I had to downgrade their new location to 4 stars. I loved this restaurant when it was a tiny hole in the wall, and the prices were lower. Their food has always been spectacular, and I always support restaurants and business owners expanding (who am I to look down on that). However, that being said, it is a bit of a let down when you are used to their other location, the family operated atmosphere, and the food that is delicious. Here the location just seems to be missing some of that vibe. My favorites here have always been the Pupusas and Pastelitos. You cannot go wrong with that, just make sure to order the green and hot sauce. Makes it so good! Their sandwiches have always been amazing, however I never tried the sandwiches in the new location. I think for Daytona this restaurant is awesome, and I hope they continue to grow.
This place was great all around. Seriously. Great food, service, atmosphere, and a good price for the quality of food. Wish daytona had more of this to offer
I was really disappointed in this place. But I'll tell you the good stuff first: delicious plantains & side salad with strawberries. And, this is huge, there was a guy playing a guitar and we were sitting right in front of him, and we were still able to enjoy a nice conversation at our table of 4. That alone could earn this place 4-5 stars, but it wasn't enough..... now for the not-so- good: We had a reservation, and weren't able to sit down for 30 mins after the reservation. In my opinion, that would have warranted a free appetizer or something, but no. Not even much of an acknowledgement that we just had to stand there while we waited. The dinner menu is significantly smaller than the lunch menu, which is a bummer. We ordered two appetizers, one of them was Los Pastelitos. It was literally ONE beef turnover, about the size of my palm. $8. Doesn't seem reasonable to me. I really liked the atmosphere, but probably will only go back for lunch.
AMAZING!!! Service is outstanding!! Franklin, the server? is very attentive, informative and welcoming!!! The cook, I believe was the owners is awesome!!!!
I used to frequent Chucherias when it was located in their smaller facility.  It felt like a family owned restaurant and their prices were exceptional.  I went the other day to the new location and even though the food was good, I was less than impressed with the prices.  They don't offer any lunch specials...and prices have gone up dramatically! Yes...the food is amazing.  I am willing to pay a little more for the food they offer.  But I am disappointed with the changes that the new location has brought along.
Spectacular!!! I wish my husband and I would've found it sooner on our vacation! This was, by far, the best dinner we've had since arriving in Daytona. The restaurant is nestled in the middle of what looks to be some sort of business complex. If you blink, you'll miss the entrance. However, once inside...you'll be surprised. The atmosphere is clean, relaxing and quaint. The interior and exterior of the restaurant are absolutely beautiful. It's very obvious that the management pays attention to detail. This is evident in the decor, service, and the food/drinks. Allow me to elaborate - Firstly, the place closes at 9pm on Fridays. My husband and I arrived at 8:40. I wasn't too sure about arriving so late, but we were warmly greeted nonetheless and not rushed...In fact, the restaurant was still nearly full. I ordered one of their cocktails (the mango orange twist). It was tasty. The waitress explained all of their cocktails are made with the freshest ingredients...no mixes whatsoever. This was a noticeable difference in the taste of the cocktail. The cocktail was very good and was garnished with such care (a twisted orange peel, speared with a lime wedge and a cherry, with a little umbrella). Beautiful. They didn't skimp on the alcohol either. ONE was plenty! I ordered The Honduran, which is a steak (was cooked PERFECTLY medium (as requested) and seasoned well.), topped with a sort of gravy-like sauce with sauteed onions (delish!), served with a side of refried black beans, white rice and sweet plantains. It was nothing short of heaven on a plate. The attention to detail for this plate was evident in the grated white cheeses on top of the refried beans, the steak knife that was brought to me and neatly placed in line with my other silverware before the food was brought to our table, the sprig of fresh rosemary atop the steak as a garnish, along with a thick slice of avocado with small diced tomatoes sprinkled on top. This dish is perfect.  It was a good sized meal too. Cost:$24. I would've paid more and the taste was that of a more expensive dish. My husband ordered The Cuban. It was a typical pressed Cuban sandwich. However, he said it was the best Cuban he's ever had. The bread was fresh, as well as the ingredients. It was served with a side salad on the plate. Evidently, the salad was phenomenal. My husband never eats cabbage or any sort of salads besides the typical American, iceberg lettuce salads with Ranch. This salad has mixed greens, with cabbage, sliced strawberries, mixed with a moderately sweet vinaigrette. He ate every bit of it. We skipped dessert, but opted for a cafe con leche after dinner. It was absolutely perfect. During our visit, a musician sat at the front of the restaurant on a stage, where he played Spanish guitar.  It was the perfect addition to a beautiful dining experience. The manager...or maybe he was the owner, made a point to check in with each table to make sure everyone was pleased with their meal and service.  He also shook everyone's hand as they left the restaurant, which was a very nice touch. Go here!!!
Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Service is exceptional. Food is delicious.  Everything we have ever ordered has been perfect. We love the cheese papusas, veggie sandwich and cuban sandwich.  Also *love* the outdoor seating in nice weather.  Inside is also very nice since they have moved.  Very very nice. My only complaint, which almost stopped me from giving this place a 5 star review (and would have stopped me if I had eaten for dinner) is that they do not have the veggie sandwich for dinner.  They added the cuban to their dinner menu after some customer resistance but have not done the same for vegetarians.  I do not like the veggie plate nearly as much, so really wish they would add the veggie sandwich to dinner (although the veggie plate is still good, worth ordering for vegetarians, but more bland  than the veggie sandwich). *Please* add the veggie sandwich to the dinner menu.   Otherwise you guys are doing everything right.  A true gem of a restaurant.
First time here, but certainly NOT our last time here...! I am not the most adventurous dinner, but some friends of our took us here tonight and to say we were happy and that we had a great time, would be an understatement..! Great food, drinks and hospitality! Really neat place and we hope to be back very soon. Everyone in a party said that their meal was fantastic! Oh, and by the way, I guess I left my credit card at there and the manager Frank, somehow (which I need to ask him) found my cell number and call me to tell me that I'd left my CC there. Although they are closed tomorrow (Labor Day) Frank offer to meet me on his day off to bring me my credit card. NOW THAT IS GOING ABOVE and BEYOND..! AND again the food and server was great too! Thanks, Ben
Such a great experience and delicious food at Chucherias! Our party of six (plus 1 child) arrived after lunch hour, and every seat was filled....good sign! They offered us free soup (a cup for each of us!) while we waited for a table, and also gave us free homemade mini-cookies (they saw our little girl eyeing them!).  Best customer service ever!! The food was just as spetacular!  I highly recommend the steak sandwich, and the veggie bean patty sandwich.   I'm so happy to support a family business and look forward to visiting them often.
Absolutely delicious and very friendly atmosphere Definite recommendation for anybody looking for a delicious South American meal
Tried their new place today for the first time and the decor was very nice - big upgrade from the old location.  They had a fire in the fireplace which was nice. Soup was excellent.  Food full of flavor and hot sauce gave every bite a nice extra kick (they make their own hot sauce - not like the bottled stuff). Going to try the new dinner menu next visit since at dinner they have expanded their offerings.
Wow, wow and WOW! A must! Best meal EVER! And not only that but the entire staff made it to our table at some point including the owner and head chef! Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Much love to this amazing gem! A TRUE dining experience. And I don't want to forget to mention our waiter. Awesome!
The menu options are minimal. But what they don't have in options they more than compensate for in environment and delicious options. The food was amazing, the cocktail was delicious with just the right amount of alcohol. All the sauces are made in house as is the fresh lemonade. The food was delicious.
Was looking for somewhere new and several friends steered us to Chucherias. We were not disappointed! Tucked away in the back of The Market (which appears empty from the street) is a real gem of fine dining. Everything we are was flavorful & authentic. The mussels were perfect (tip: be sure and ask that you receive bread with them.... The sauce is incredible but since they fresh bake each serving of bread we didn't get our bread until our sauce was cold but still yummy :D). I had a special with shrimp & a yucca and plantain mash that was to die for, my husband had the Honduran and his steak was severely undercooked (he asked for medium and it was raw) but the flavors were good. The cocktails and desserts were great.... I enjoyed a blackberry Mojito and the tres leches which I did not find to be strongly alcoholic despite other reviews saying that, I had to refrain from licking the bowl lol. My main caveat would be control your own timing. We weren't quite done with our appetizers when our entrees arrived. In a fine dining atmosphere that's always unfortunate BUT avoidable if you read this review and order each course as you go. The wait staff were friendly and hard working. I highly recommend enjoying a night out here :)
We came here for dinner on a family vacation, and the food was great. Even though I usually get meat dishes, I surprised myself and ordered the vegetarian plate because I couldn't pass up on two kinds of plantains and cassava fries. I tried some of the meat dishes that other people at my table had ordered, and those were good too. I'm not sure when I'll be back in the Daytona area, but I would stop by here again.
I agree with everything said here. Fantastic food. Fantastic bartender. Wonderful conversation with her and a very interesting owner. Try the octopus. Try the blackberry mojito. Don't ignore the bread, if for no other reason than the guava butter. If you must, skip the bread and just eat the butter. Trust me. This place is truly wonderful - not by touristy, little Daytona standards. It would hold it's own anywhere.
Authentic Authentic Authentic. Service could be a bit better, the food and ambience is fantastic.
Chucherias Hondurenas is a little difficult to find but well worth the effort.  Once you realize where it is, (you have probably driven by the building dozens of times without noticing it) and walk in you will find yourself transported, (per my wife), into another country.  This is a very old building with amazing atmosphere.  The owners have played on this even to the extent of great background music which is truly in the background.  You can still hear each other speak without raising your voices.  There are fresh flowers on every table and arrangements in the service area.  Also, paintings of Honduran countryside adorn the walls. We stopped for lunch at the newly moved restaurant and were surprised to see it was almost full.  Ten of the twelve tables were taken and remained so with a few turnovers for the 90 minutes we were there.  Service was for the most part very good with a few lapses. We were seated and our drink order was taken quickly.  My wife had iced coffee and I had water - no ice which was a little confusing for the ESL waitress.  I guess no one orders without ice.  I tasted my wife's coffee at her behest and it was so good I ordered a regular coffee.  The coffee is a deep rich blend which is very strong.  The only problem here is they do not have cream or half and half.  When our waitress came she brought two cups of a chicken soup with her, complimentary.  And I thought it also excellent.  It did have a cilantro flavor which I really enjoyed.  We then ordered papusas con queso.  They are made to order and are covered with a refried black beans and a slice of avocado. They come with a coleslaw which has diced tomatoes and a light dressing. Papusas are a flattened, fried corn meal cake often made with different ingredients mixed in the dough. Our order consisted of a Cuban sandwich, a Bistec Chucherias sandwich and an order of  yuca fries.  The sandwiches came with a habanero sauce, (very spicy), and a cilantro sauce, (very green and outstanding), while the fries came with a garlic sauce.  We could only finished half the sandwiches and fries and took the uneaten parts home.   We did not order desert but again were surprised to receive their complementary cookies which were just wonderful.  My advise would be for you to go before Chucerias Hondurenas becomes too popular to get in.
Last night 6 of us dined at Chucherias and it was a wonderful experience.  This was our first visit to this restaurant.,  The service and food was superb.  The restaurant is located in a beautiful building with a tree lined courtyard and is located in a lovely setting and the guitar playing lent itself to a romantic atmosphere.  We didn't know that Holly Hill had such a wonderful restaurant and were pleasantly surprised.  Only problem I had was with prices for alcoholic drinks.  Margaritas were $12, Mojitos were almost $10 and for that price the drinks were weak and didn't justify the cost.  On the other hand, everyone in our group enjoyed their entrees.  The Shrimp Mofongo at $24 was exceptional. The Roast Pork at $19 and the chicken ($17.75) were great and the Steak Honduran for $25 was not only huge but also delicious.  All the meals were beautifully presented. We will definitely return but next time we'll order wine and/or beer which was more reasonable.  They also offer sandwiches at reasonable prices.
Start to finish, our dinner at this beautiful little hidden spot was exceptional. We loved the cocktails (especially the drink with lime, cucumber and rosemary); the octopus appetizer; and the shrimp, chicken and pork entrees. Lovely service, too. This was easily the best discovery during our vacation. It's a winner and we are rooting for its success.
First impressions: the place is awesome, the atmosphere is appealing to everyone, they have an outside patio and the inside is  well decorated. I tried the blackberry mojito and LOVED it! I have no comments about the food except everything was tasty, but i have a sweet spot for latin food.. I highly recommend this place.
First of all, this restaurant is beautiful! It made me forget that I was in Daytona beach and transported me to Honduras. We were immediately seated and the very nice waiter offered us drinks right away. I love that they offer more than just coke products and alcohol; they had juices of all flavors. I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the steak. Not long after we ordered, the server bought out the soup of the day. I believe it was a beef and vegetable soup, which was delicious! The food did not take long at all! I asked the waiter about their guava butter and he offered to bring out bread so that I could try it. I honestly felt like a queen with the incredible service that this place offers. He bought out the bread for me to try it (the guava butter is delicious btw) and as soon as we were done with out food, he offered to pack up our left overs. Again, I was in shock at how great the service was. Finally, the waiter offered to pack up an extra serving of bread and guava butter so that I could have a snack later on. I was just in awe. So yes, I definitely recommend this restaurant. The environment, the food, the location, and the service were all AMAZING.
The food was amazing!!  Some of the best we have ever had.  Nice small size at 12 or so tables and live guitar music . Just a couple hiccups (waited a long time for server and menus), drink was watery (but they fixed me another that was fabulous). Definitely give it a try.
This is such an amazing restaurant.  Classic dishes with a new twist.  Every single item I've eaten there was just amazing.  The owner is involved in literally every plate that leaves the kitchen.  The food is made with the freshest of everything.  The garnish (Rosemary) was so fresh it had to have been clipped of a plant in the kitchen.  I highly recommend this gem without question.
Awesome food! Family owned and operated with a touch of home cooking feeling!
Our first visit to the new location. Wow! What a upgrade from their old location. The food is so fresh and tasty. We loved it and will be back. A true hidden gem.
Now the atmosphere compliments the wonderful food prepared fresh. The new restaurant in The Market in Holly Hill, overlooks The Markets Courtyard with  Regal Moss draped Oak Trees.  Love the Coquina Rock Fireplace!  Start with their Soup. Always packed full of flavor and tender chunks of meat. Must end each meal with my Flan Fix! It is light and fluffy with just the right amount of Sweet Carmel Sauce.
Wow! What's not to like. Love the atmosphere and their story. On a Friday night there was a solo acoustic guitar player who was quite good and provided excellent background and not foreground music. Excellent service with a couple of check-ins from management to make sure thing were good. The food...fabulous! Very creative, tasty and well proportioned. Definitely on my go back list
Me and my boyfriend came here on vacation and loved it! We ordered a vegetarian dish and a chicken dish. They were both fantastic. We loved the guava butter and bread.  The sauces added a lot to the vegitarian dish. The salad was great as well.  With the chicken dish, you get a half of a chicken which was very tender and had great flavor. My boyfriend really liked the plantains with the green dipping sauce. There was a perfect ambiance for a date night and the owner and waiter were extremely friendly. If we ever find ourselves in the Daytona area again we'll be sure to stop by.
Good food, love the guava butter paired with a nice soft bread, super ambience, prices not so nice, but willing to pay for it. Chicken was extremely dry. :( overall, I would recommend.
Excellent!!  One of the best restaurants I've eaten at in Daytona.  Had the steak and shrimp which was perfectly done.  It's a little pricey ($26) considering it doesn't come with a salad or anything but the taste makes up for it.  The cappuccino tres leches for dessert was also amazing!
Great atmosphere, service and food. Roast pork was perfect.  Don't skip desert! Nice wines that you don't find elsewhere.  Make a reservation and take your time.
