Service was great even when they told us they were short staffed, and waiter still made sure we had drinks refills & the food was great! The calzone was HUGE & YUMMY! You have to try the garlic knots!!!
If you aren't convinced by reading the reviews this is great choice look at all the pictures again. Note - the garlic knots are extremely addicting you must try them but be warned do no fill up on them you will want to try all the other delicious fare! This place has always provide a friendly environment with extremely good customer service. The food is an exceptional value great food at great prices. I wish they were closer to NSB but it's worth the drive.
To start the food is great and always comes out hot. Toni is an outstanding cook and so friendly she makes you feel like family. Keep up the good work.
Came here the other day while I was on vacation. Was trying to find a good pizza place in the area and was definitely not disappointed. Garlic knots are addicting and the pizza's flavor is amazing. Loved the crunchy on the outside crust with a little chewy inside. I even brought some pasta fagioli to my grandmother and she gobbled that right up saying how good it was
My husband I loved this place! The service was awesome! Everyone was very friendly. We had our doubts when we first arrived, the outside was a little sketchy, but the inside is nice! We got the $22 special. For starters we got the pasta fagioli which was really good! I got the chicken Parmesan in with Alfredo sauce and my husband got the chicken Parmesan with red sauce, oh my goodness it was so good!! The Alfredo sauce was an additional charge, but it was so worth it! It was very creamy and fresh tasting! :) for dessert we both got cheesecake, we loved it! So yummy!!! We will definitely stop by again if we are in the area!
I dont know what happened to the previous staff and owners, but could tell something was different... The pizza crust was changed and i didnt care for it.. They now only have one size salad.... I ordered a sandwich to go and they made it the same time as my order..i couldnt believe my bill for pizza salad sub and 2 sodas came to $43.. Very disappointed... They didnt even charge me for the right sub, but the menu prices didnt match the bill prices.. I was just mad.. Paid and left... Dont think ill be back
My friend and I enjoyed the 'small' delicious calzones. Which is a misnomer since these babies are huge! Staff was very courteous and attentive. Will return again soon for sure.
Do you want to enjoy a great, casual, Italian dinner full of freshly prepared, home-made goodness?  If you answered with a resounding YES, then take yourself (and a friend) over to Mama Mia's Italian Grill and Pizzeria! You can enjoy a relaxing atmosphere of local, hometown people and you can devour some great Italian food.  What's not to love?  We ordered the Baked Stuffed Shells, which was full of cheesy goodness.  We also had the "regular" calzone, which was enough for three to four people!  What a good value!  It actually ended up being two meals for the price of one.  We also licked our fingers after tasting the home-made garlic rolls.  If you eat these, you certainly can't be afraid of a little garlic breath!!   We enjoyed a nice, chocolate covered cannoli for dessert!  We will definitely return!
The best place in the area for pizza, garlic knots, canoli's (and I don't like canoli's) and pretty much anything if you ever want to eat Italian! There's a great atmosphere with great people! The staff always make you feel like you are welcome and the food, man the food!!!! If you go here hungry you will leave stuffed and with left overs! The pizza is by far the best of the best! The calzone's and stromboli's are big enough to feed 2 people easily and everything else is just delicious. Definitely a must try!! Oh and if Santi the owner is there, he'll make sure you have some laughs.
This place is great! We called the wrong one (there's another Mama Mia's in Ormond) and ordered a pizza and when we got to this one, there was some confusion.  They were 10 minutes from closing and had all but packed up but they were more than happy to make us a pizza and even threw in some free garlic knots and sodas while we waited.  They may have lost a few bucks in food and drink and they may have had to spend an extra few minutes cleaning up after we left, but they gained some loyal customers.... Oh, and the pizza was great!
Great price on the Stromboli. Got a small, could easily feed 2. I liked the crust but have had better stromboli's. I might go back.
Amazing food and service! The Fried Ravioli was delicious! The garlic knots, YUM!!!  I had the calzone and probably the best one I've had ever! Great little mom and pop place found in an unexpected place. The cook, Santiago, very entertaining indeed! Will come back!
The people here were so nice!  And the food was delicious! Even with a takeout order,  they are so helpful and friendly it made me want to give them a hug! Thank you for your delicious food and great customer service!!! Loved it!
Everything I have had here has been delicious. It gets really busy around dinner time, pretty much every night of the week. We've gotten pizza to go a few times and always been satisfied with the times they have given us. We dined in the restaurant once and had the 2 for 20 which gave us 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts. We had the bruschetta for both appetizers, I had chicken parmesan with penne, boyfriend had stuffed shells, and all was amazing. The desserts were not so good, but hey, it was cheap for how much food we got. The staff is very friendly and it's just a great atmosphere.
FAVORITE PIZZA IN VOLUSIA COUNTY!   I've updated this review a few times now--but still 5 STARS! Order the FRESH MARGHERITA (all natural ingredients)---AND You will NOT regret it!! and you will order from them again--ask for extra garlic too!    I will be back--and I will be back soon!   Beats out Luigi's-- Giussepies --Boothes Bowery, Fil's---Beats em' all----It is a nice--hole in the wall--with a super friendly owner that goes around to make sure that you are happy!  I will be back--and I can't wait! The Garlic Knots are also EXCELLENT--they use a perfect amount of FRESH Garlic--We tend to use a lot of the Marinara with these so you might want to order an extra one or two. The sauce is Robust, Thick and memorable The Dough is made fresh Daily! The Eggplant Rollatini was also recommended to me by someone close--who said it's the best around!
This place is AWESOME!!!  Originally I ordered my pizza on the phone then went to the wrong location to pick it up.  They were so fast to make another with such friendly service!  I ordered the 14" Margarita Pizza with sausage and it was AMAZING!!  I could have eaten the entire pizza!  This is a great take out place with pizza that tastes wonderful!  (The crust is sooooo good!) I will go back there again and again!
This is a "best kept secret" in Port Orange.  It is tucked away in an old strip mall shopping center, so we've never really noticed it.  A friend took us there a few months ago and the pizza we ordered was delicious!  A true NY style pizza. We went back last night and decided to try the dinner menu.  We had Chicken Parm and the evening special, which happened to be Chicken Piccata.  It was EXCELLENT!.  Both came with a choice of soup or salad and a choice of pasta.  There was so much food that we ended up taking half of it home.  We could have easily split a dinner and just ordered an appetizer or dessert to complete the meal. The manager made several appearances at our table and greeted everyone as they walked in.  The staff is very friendly and attentive. I am definitely looking forward to going back.  :)
Delivery service was great. Didn't love the crust for pizza or calzone.
Great little alternative to Pizza in Ormond. I stopped by to pick up a pie.They were closing but hooked me up with a pizza. Very cool!! The cold Yuengling lager help pass the time while waiting for the pizza to go.  Pizza was good too...
Mama Mia's was a delight from the scrumptious freshly prepared main-stay Italian comfort foods to the hospitable wait staff and owner.  The fresh sliced mozzarella shows their attention to quality ingredients and the basil on the Marghetta pizza was not scanty. With the Pizza I also ordered the cheese ravioli- hand prepared with a side meatball which of all exceeded my expectations.  Oh yea- the complimentary bread knots dripping in fresh crushed garlic with a side of marinara was a great touch.  I took 2/3 home- just too large of portions and being hopeful I ordered a large pizza for left overs. Still enjoying the next day. The pizza was so carefully baked that it was perfectly crispy from middle to edge yet not a bit of dark burned areas or a soft center- Just perfect brown from center to edge. It was perfect!!
