Woah! Seriously can't beat them with a stick. I had the crunchy chicken tacos, and I was not let down. (I'm a big fan of Mexican food, so I have to try them all). The Taco Shack provides a pretty decent amount of grub for a pretty cheap price. I got the rice and beans on the side, not the greatest, but I've had worse. I was impressed with the taco salads. HUGE! and under six bucks. You get to chose a meat, pork beef chicken or shrimp, and those suckers are filled to the max. Awesome vibe from the environment too, it was laid back and our waiter was just the nicest man.
Goodness gracious!!! How do I even start to explain how good this place is!? Everything tastes delicious! The pastelone is by far the best thing on the menu!!
rocking the taco Shack to the max !
I'm a taco FIEND and the tacos(food) there are great... Nice relaxed environment with friendly staff...... Oh, try the plantains.........Damn good
We have visited the Taco Shack on several occasions. The food is always fresh and hot and so delicious.  This past time I ordered the Emmy's Empanadas  and they were great. They were so big, I had to take one home. We drive from Daytona Beach to eat at the Taco Shack...it is so worth it. Prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get.
Good food. No frills. Been back many times.
Great little place!!  I have driven by it for months and so glad that I finally stopped in.  I recently moved back to Fl after spending 2 years in Dallas (taco heaven) and have desperately been craving a place just like this!!!  Based on my Dallas expereinces, this little Shack had big shoes to fill and they did a fantastic job.   Its locally owned and operated by a husband and wife team, he is a chef and she has been in hospitality for years.  They are doing a great job delivery a tasty product in an exciting spot and now its our job (NSB community) to support them and make this a long time success.  Do yourself and them a favor and stop by!!!  I had the Tacos de Hector with pork and could not have been happier.  For less than $14.00 the two of us were very happy and full. Oh and another bonus for me was the seating arrangement makes it possible for them to be dog friendly.  My lab sat under me while we ate instead of having to wait in the car. in summary - Do it!!  You wont be disappointed.  Great place for dinner on a Friday night or stopping in for to go food on the way to or from the beach.
The Taco Shack is an awesome little locally owned eatery in New Smyrna.  Entirely outside seating, and a small window to order food from, it is nothing fancy, but the food and service is spectacular.  My girlfriend and I drove by there a few times, and both being Mexican fans decided to stop one day.  We got the jalapeño queso, taco salad, and vegetarian tacos, plus two beers and it was less than 20 dollars. We liked it so much we decided to go back for round two.  The wife (owner) remembered me and what I ordered.  She thanked us for coming back.  This just isn't something you typically see at any "chain."  Give it a try.  :)
Great service, love the churros & plantains (yellow & green), rest of food isn't bad the portion to price isn't anything to write home about, but overall good.
I love this place, and my kids love it as well!  The service is quick, the food is amazing, and the daily specials make it easy on the wallet.  The sweet plantains are perfect, and the bar-b-que cuban sandwich with shack slaw is so good, you will want two of them!  This is a must try little place, we were headed here for the first time, and it was the one year anniversary party.  It was mobbed, so I reluctantly took the kids to Taco Bell instead.  Oh my, that was the first and last time for us there, Taco Shack is 50 times better, just ask my kids! The still warm chips and guac are great, and come out right away!
Great family friendly atmosphere. Love  the comfortable outdoor seating. Steak burrito was amazing and my kids loved the tacos. Service was fast and friendly.
Delicious. Empanadas are amazing, love getting fish tacos or the carnitas. Great after a morning of surfing. Family-owned, super friendly staff. I've enjoyed everything I've eaten here.
Visiting NSB with a friend and we were looking forward to trying the Taco Shack and they did not disappoint. Food was great and the service was also. The woman at the window was happy to offer suggestions to us. We had the shrimp, chicken, and pork tacos but we asked them to put them on soft corn shells. Also ordered the blackened fish tacos and a Shackalada. Fish tacos were by far the best thing but everything was great!
Great place!  Outside seating and dog friendly!  The food was very good!  The owners were working and were very friendly and helpful with suggestions. The husband is a chef and the wife has years of experience in hospitality. Well run little joint!  We loved it and will definitely go back again and again!
Food is great, but ambiance is lacking. Would be perfect if it was in Hawaii.
Fast, Friendly and Freakin' Fantastic Taco Place! A NSB institution. The food is ALWAYS fresh and amazing!  It's family owned and operated.  The staff is super nice and happy to recommend items whenever I bring a newbie along.   The vibe is cool..... outdoor surf shack theme.  There's usually a line and it can be tough to score a table at times.  It's worth it.   I usually get the steak tacos with black beans and rice.  The shredded pork is also great!   Closed Sunday and Monday
A-ma-zing. Get the fish tacos. $1 tacos on Thursdays are the most basic kind: good enough. But flying fish tacos were amazing. Also got hector tacos in pork--unfortunately the pork was really greasy so inedible. What a great place.
Went here last night and was well worth the 20min drive. My wife and I tried the tacos chimichanga and this Mexican lasagna type of dish. They were all really good and fresh. Drinks were cheap too
Loved this place! Really reasonable prices and quick service. If I would of thought about it, I would have called ahead and it would have been even better. We both ordered the fish tacos, one blackened and one fried, both very good. My only complaint was that the tacos were a little dry, but with a little guacamole added from the (very cheap, $3!) side of chips and guacamole and it made it great. Will definitely be going back next time we're in town. Plus, I heard they are getting a food truck for the beach? Not sure if that's true but I sure hope so!
The Taco Shack is a staple of the local community. Located along the Dixie Freeway, you have to time your visit just right to make sure you can avoid the long queue and find a place to park your car. With the beachy ambiance of NSB, Taco Shack gives you the laid back, surfer atmosphere without making the trek out to the beach. The prices are great, the portions are generous, and the staff treat you like family. Without a doubt, TS is my go to lunch venue, and I proceed to drag each of my friends there upon their first visit to New Smyrna Beach. The open air seating feels great, and they have fans, shutters, and heaters in place should the weather be less than a blissfully, sunny day. The 'Ladas (Shack-a-ladas) are by far my favorite with the Taco Salad immediately behind it. Enjoy them with a chilled Corona or Tecate, and make sure to get a couple of Emmy's Empanadas to go! Arrive ready to eat, but don't be surprised if you're taking some home with you, too! Take note that they are closed Sundays & Mondays, so make sure you get your fix by Saturday evening! ;) If you're driving through NSB (or staying a while), definitely make a pit stop!
Charging $1 for a small side of salsa is a bit much, but the tacos were really good I ALMOST can't complain about it ;) I had three flour tacos filled with shrimp. Mmmmmm mmmm good, the shrimp were plentiful and seasoned not too salty but not too bland either. Outdoor seating is a nice touch on a lovely day. Definitely a hole in the wall type of joint---perfect for the beach. I wouldn't say it's truly authentic, but certainly delicious.
There is almost always a line when I go. But their quick with food and it tastes great I normally get the sunset quesadilla which is my favorite! The workers are super friendly and the shack is cozy
wow just wow this place is AMAZING!!! We were in New Smyrna beach for the week and decided to come here twice because it was sooo good the first time. I had the Emmy's Empanadas (Two Spanish pastries stuffed with seasoned beef , Spanish olives and potatoes , served with cilantro sour cream) and can I just say that these were one of the best empanadas I have ever had. There was so much flavor packed into each of them and they were perfectly cooked, I savored every bite. The second time I had the Shack-a-ladas (Soft corn tortillas wrapped around your choice of meat and cheese, topped with queso & sofrito sauces, served with choice of rice & beans) and they were really good but nothing compare to the empanadas. My boyfriend and his dad had the Cuban sandwich both times and they loved every bite. We also got a side of plantains and they were also delicious! We were all so happy that we found this place and it is a must stop if you are in the area.
Great Tacos - (3) for $4.50 ($1.75 single) no more Taco Bell for me lol. This is a great local taco shop. I've only gotten tacos here with hot sauce on the side. I agree it's not authentic but it is delicious it's perfect when I need a fresh made taco fix. I definitely will be back.
GET THE MOFUNGO. Seriously. For vegetarians/vegans like me, they can make a delicious veggie version and it is SO GOOD. Do it.
Love taco shack! Everything I have tried from The Taco Shack has been great; however, I always skip on the chips as they're not homemade/fresh.
Delicious! I can't say enough good things about this place. Clean clean clean. The tacos are to die for and the  atmosphere has such a home town feel.
Taco Shack has some of my favorite food anywhere. The problem is the owner. He's the chef and he has anger management issues. I've had multiple run in's with the gentleman and he needs help.
The awesome Shackin Cuban Sandwich and the outstanding service at Taco Shack have convinced me they deserve a fifth star.
Perfect food! They are so accommodating to special needs! It's a family environment even if your kids have four legs....doggies are welcome! My only issue it they are closed Sunday and Monday :) But I suppose they need a day off too! Check this local place out.... You won't be disappointed! Oh, and I didn't mention how affordable it is! Amazing!
After hearing all the great things about this place and always driving by we decided to go in this afternoon and they were running a special $1 tacos, bought 8. Get home & the shells were stale and ALL the meat was burnt:( We ended up throwing the rest in the trash!
South american food place, surfer ambiance. The empanadas are really good and good size, the food is very consistent all  the time, fast, great attitude from workers but I can not give them 5 stars because the crunchy tacos most of the time the tortilla taste old, so you have to go and try but the get a hard taco on Taco Shack lol
Love this place! Food is always delicious and FRESH! Staff is friendly. I've never left disappointed.
Delicious and friendly folks. I had Tacos de Hector with steak. Awesome!  2 steak tacos with cilantro, lime, tomatoes, onions and sweet lime aioli with spanish rice and black beans. Loved it!  Sweet plantains were quite good. Kids had quesadillas and ate every bite!  This is an open air restaurant. Highly recommended!  Dinner for five was $26. Went back again it was so good.  Had the Phatty Pastelon- one of the best things I have ever tasted.  Puerto Rican "lasagna".  Layers of sweet plaintain, seasoned ground beef and cheese.  Also tried the empanandas.  Huge and tasty!
This place rocks! If you want fine dining then skip over this one.... however, If you want yummy food at a local hot spot then this is where you need to stop for lunch! Very reasonable prices and a fun atmosphere. We stopped by around 2:30pm thinking we would miss the lunch rush but there was still a line. It's worth the wait and they move you through fast. I ordered the fish tacos YUM! My husband got a taco salad and my daughter got nachos. They were all great but I think I chose the best dish :-). The slaw on top of the tacos was delicious! If you are in the area you should definitely check this place out.
I had heard some good things about this place, but I have to say I was not impressed. The food was definitely not authentic and the seasoning they used was disgusting. They sprinkled it all over the chips, the fish tacos were covered with it and the cheese dip had it in it. Definitely pass on this.
The best tacos! I really enjoyed the yucca fries. Quite a unique place. I had Mahi Mahi fresh tacos that were so yummy and not fishy at all. I would definitely recommend this place.
This place is A-ok.  Ordered the enchiladas and they were quite tasty, but the shack sauce was a tad bit sweet for my taste.  Next time in NSB and craving tex-mex, I'll give this place another shot.  Good prices too.
Delicious, fresh, fantastic food! The people working there were really nice, and the wait was short. I would go back again!
Visited from PA for the week and was so happy we stumbled upon this adorable surfer/stoner/reggae/chill shack on the side of the road.  Had steak burritos (delicious chunks of tender steak and amazing jalapeno queso sauce), a chimichanga, shrimp tacos, and the guacamole.  I'd recommend everything.  Service was on point and super friendly.  Can't wait to visit back there sometime soon and try everything else on the menu.
Nothing beats 3 tacos for $4 or very fresh seafood tacos, especially when they are that delicious.  An excellent value lunch in a relaxing atmosphere.
