My family and I order take out from Leanh's a lot, and we have only great things to say about the quality of food and service offered here. Every order has always been correct, hot, and fresh. The employees are always accommodating and our order is always ready on time. We always recommend Leanh's to anyone looking for great tasting Chinese food and excellent service.
Very knowledgable about ingredients. This is especially important if you are dining with two celiacs (watch the gluten in soy, oyster sauce) and are trying to be vegan. Always a wonderful meal. Today had vegetarian pho. Often I have the vegetarian mu shu. One of the most authentic Asian spots in the area though they cover a lot of ground. It is hard to find an Asian spot here that has high volume enough to be sure that their food is very fresh. They have a variety of cuisines that they offer and are quite excellent with their execution. Great customer service. Don't sleep on this place. :)
I've eaten here and gotten take out every-time I'm visiting Daytona, and i've been very pleased. Firstly, the menu is extremely varied, Chinese/Thai/Vietnamese/Korean - and they do all pretty good.  They are the only restaurant in town with this menu. What really stood out was, i'm not a big deep fried Chinese food fan, but the orange chicken was awesome - partly because the meat-to-batter ratio was perfect (lightly battered, big hunks of real chicken), and it didn't taste greasy.
Great work lunch spot. Consistently good in all areas; food and service. The big bowl of soup is amazing and filling.
The food is very good, though often expensive for serving size. I've never been disappointed by the soups (I'm easily impressed with clear stock). Not sure about the Pho (I'd go to Orlando), but they even have Goi Ga, Vietnamese chicken and cabbage with lemon and mint. It's authentic, though they are cheap with the cabbage.
This place never fails. I am not exaggerating when I say it's the best Chinese food that I've ever eaten. We have ordered dozens of times and are always blown away by how BIG and top-notch the chicken is ( Sesame Chicken is my personal favorite) Can not stress enough how good this place is. It's just a tiny bit more expensive then other Chinese restaurants, but the difference in quality is night and day. The only problem is that sometimes the younger ladies working at the front are either extremely rude or seem not to care. But the food and service inside is SO good I can't give anything less than 5 stars... Mmmm now I have to convince the wife to get some Sesame chicken again tonight... It's been over four days!!!
It's nice to have a sit down Chinese establishment in town with great service. There's been a hole in the Ormond Area ever since the close of Royal Dynasty and this really fills it as long as you are willing to drive a little further. Their moo goo gai pan is my favorite and their own ton soup is pretty standard. Nice atmosphere and service.
The food here is almost consists of all Asian cuisine. The Chinese selection is quite authentic is some dishes & the portions are decent-sized. However, do not get the pho this establishment provides - it is tasteless and bland.  If you are looking for something filling, a bowl of this could last you a day.
What a wonderful meal and such wonderful friendly staff. Had the general chow, egg rolls had two different soups lo mein it was all good. I love that u can pick from Vietnamese Thai Korean or Chinese fabulous! Come you won't be disappointed!!!
We go here as much as possible because it is just amazing. More so than the food the staff is the best. They are friendly and truly care about the customer. We drive almost 30 mins to eat here and would do it anytime I can't pick one thing to tell you about because Every time we go and no matter what we order we love it. Great place great staff. Try it.
I went there for the first time today to get take out. The place looked very nice and clean. The hostess offered me a complimentary cold beverage while I waited for my order. The food is awesome and the BEST egg roll I have ever had. We will be going back to enjoy the dining in part :)
We have never had such delicious and fresh tasting Chinese food. Great portion sizes and friendly service. Food took a little long to come out, but once we got it we forgot about the wait. We will definitely return!
On my first visit I had a red veg curry.   Good, but not great.   On later visits, phad thai which had balanced flavor and huge portions.   I'm a big guy, and this is easily two or even three meals worth of food in the to go box.   Wish I had an option this good at home in Tucson..  Will be a regular while visiting  Daytona.
I got the Kung pao chicken and the chicken was good but the fried rice was horrible. It was crunchy and had pork in it. If I wanted pork fried rice I would've asked for it. Service was alright. Prices weren't bad at lunch time either. Overall ok place but I probably won't come back.
Totally the Best Chinese in Central Florida!!!  AAA+++  Superlative customer service and hospitality too - I drive up from the ViMi district in Orlando where I can walk to any one of two dozen places none of which compare.   Nice Vietnamese and Korean menu also though I wish they had Korean barbeque. Anyway, family friendly, uber nice, everybody cares sensitivity to your table even when they're silly busy.   I've been here over a dozen times and totally enjoyed it each and every visit - looking forward to the next one. I don't know what to recommend, everything's fantastic.  Enjoy.
I've eaten here twice now & both times it was quite yummy! The crispy wontons they serve before the meal are irresistible! The crab rangoons were some of the best I've ever had! I ordered the Vegetable Singapore noodles & my boyfriend had the moo goo gai pan combo. It was so much food! We'll be back again!
We came in because of the reviews. We were greeted on the sidewalk by an employee coming in to work, she seated us before she even checked in. Great attitude. The food and service were both very good. We had the eggplant and the pad thai. Big portions and lots of choices. Nice decor and very clean.
Most Chinese restaurants are average at best, a few are good, and some are down right disgusting. But in my 30 years of eating at Chinese restaurants I can say this is THEE best Chinese restaurant ANYWHERE! The service is excellent! The food is outstanding with a HUGE menu selection! The restaurant is clean and the prices are reasonable. This is not your typical cheap take out Chinese, but in my opinion you get what you pay for and this place is worth EVERY penny! You can't go wrong! Definitely try it.
Easily one of my favorite places to eat in the daytona area. Quality food, great service, great price. The only problem I ever have with this place is finishing a glass of water all the way before it gets to the bottom... Which isn't a problem.
A Vegans dream! Such a great spot to check out! So accommodating and the menu was huge! Everyone can find what they like! The service was great too! Check out this hidden gem!
Staff was very friendly. Food was DELICIOUS! Restaurant was clean and welcoming. Highly recommend the Vegetable Soup (for two). Lovely place for dinner on our one night in Daytona Beach! :)
I called in a to go order for sesame chicken and wonton soup on a Friday around 630. They were busy and said 20-25 minutes. It took a few minutes short of a hour till I got my food. It's pretty good food, albeit a little pricey, but the wait was ridiculous. Update- I contacted management about the long wait the other night and they made the situation right. I will be returning.
Oh, yum.   I love this place.  They serve up a mean bowl of pho and the broth for it is absolutely delicious, delicate and flavorful.   For appetizers we ordered Vietnamese spring rolls--cha giò--and we were sad that there weren't any crunchy greens to wrap it up with, as this is a staple at a lot of Vietnamese joints I've been to--you get your roll and wrap it in what I think is Romaine lettuce--though I could be entirely and shamefully wrong--and you get this very satisfying crunch of cool, leafy green along with the tastiness of the pork and the spices when you bite in.  Anyhow, I waved the waitress over and asked for some lettuce and she happily brought us some, and all was swell. I also had the goi cuon, which are the cool version with vermicelli noodle, vegetable and tofu wrapped in rice paper.  I can always eat about a thousand of these and the ones at Leanh's are no exception.  Just great. I had sesame chicken, which was excellent, and ate a ton of my husband's pho, and I'd love to come back again and try some of the other items on the menu.  Just a very solid, very yummy place to eat.  I really enjoyed myself here.
This place is a nice looking sit down Chinese place. Its better then most Chinese take out places but not by much. Our three dishes had this brown sauce that tasted the same, and it wasn't that great. The soup broth for the hot and sour soup and wonton was from a can.   The atmosphere was nice until a group of knuckleheads sitting next to us ordered fried chicken then started calling people with their new cell phone and then put the damn thing on speaker-phone! I'm not deducting from my rating because of that, just saying.    Anyhow the Vietnamese dishes we saw on other tables looked decent, so next time we want Vietnamese we might head here. This place might be a Vietnamese place masquerading as a Chinese place, some investigation may be required.
My family and I love this place! Have been many times, and never disappointed! By far the best Asian food around. Service is always great, very quick to refill drinks or the super yummy crispy wontons you get before the meal. We love the atmosphere as well, personally, I'm in love with the chandelier they have and wish I knew where it came from
This place stand above any other... I have not found any place that compares to the vietnamese style combination fried rice the flavors serve in this place are incredible and the service is one of the best anywhere.  This is the only place I eat when passing through Daytona Beach... 3 years and counting.
I travel all ovrr america n do things based on the reviwes here on yelp. However, this is my frist review n the only reason I am writing it is to let the vegetarians know that at this place... everything is made with chicken broth. Even the items that have vegeterian in front of them. So make sure to tell the waiter. Besides that... I thought the waiter was a little inconsiderate to me needs. He wasnt willing to replace egg rolls or anything made with chicken broth with something purely vegetarian. Anways... Vegeterian rolls sucked. I ordered shrimp chowmein which id give 7 out of 10 n my girl got red curry with shrimp which id give 7.5
What a great find this place is. I'm not sure how I never came here before. I have lived in NSB for 4 years now and have bought junk food in our area. The last time I had great Chinese food was in Portland Or. At my favorite restaurant there. I have been here four times now and I am not going to repeat all that I read I'll just say the Kung pow was the best I've had in many states! My friends I took there said the same about their meals as we'll. As far as the service...I can't remember the last restaurant I've eaten that had such GREAT SERVICE. Every time I need to go to Daytona I will stop there to eat! Kudos to you all and thank you.
My recent trip to Daytona Beach led us to Leanh's.  After a day of sightseeing on the Island we were hungy! A few locals we met recommended Leanh's stating it is a student favorite.   I ordered the Cashew Chicken and it was very satisfying!  The food was fairly priced.  The waitstaff was very nice.  The place itself was empty.  The cashier explained that winter is usually off season for Daytona Beach.  Most of it's crowd are students and visitors in town for the Daytona 500.
WOW what a find this place is!!  Absolutely hands down the best Chinese food around.  The lomein has the best flavor and fresh tasting chicken and not overloaded with cabbage/fillers.  The General Tsao's chicken is crispy and the sauce has an excellent flavor. The soup, both wonton and egg drop, is great.  I don't normally even like egg drop soup but get it here every visit. The decor inside is a nice modern clean arrangement 'sit-down' style restaurant.  The servers are very attentive and give excellent service.  My wife and I have been here about 6 times so far and keep visiting again every few weeks.  We go here for our Chinese food now as we love this place!
My wife and I had a late lunch here on March 27 and it was terrific. My mixed vegetable dish was perfect, as was her chicken with broccoli. The staff and service were great, and the men's room is not to be missed! I wish we had a Chinese restaurant this good in Savannah.
At 7pm on a Friday there is available seating, which is surprising considering how awesome the food is! Huge portions of excellently prepared Chinese, Vietnamese, and Korean entrees. We recommend Leanh's to family and friends. The whole menu is available for call-in order too. We love Leanh's!
This has got to be one of the best Chinese/Vietnamese restaurants of Daytona Beach. Their Pho Tai is yummy. I do, at times, ask for my soup extra hot. The summer rolls, and the house fried rice is yummy, too. The ladies are so nice and have accomodated me with my needs every visit. :)
I decided to try Leanh's because of the great reviews left by my fellow reviewers and I will say that the wait staff were very attentive in taking my order and promptly delivering my soup, appetizer,entree and drink. In fact, the service at Leanh's was great! Unfortunately, the food was not. None of it. I usually take the leftovers from a substantial Chinese lunch or dinner home with me in a go-box but this time I left them on their respective plates. Maybe I just happened to arrive here on a really bad day for Chinese dishes and Perhaps I'll be back to try something off the Thai or Vietnamese menus but it will probably not be soon. There are too many really good restaurants in this area to waste a lot of time on re-trials. The extra star here is purely for the service and yes, I did tip the wait staff because they did their part in the equation very well. Sadly, the folks in the kitchen didn't. "Life's too short for bland food, bad wine, weak coffee or cheap whiskey. RS"
Super diverse menu including vietnamese, korean and thai food. Very much on the healthy side. Everything is really fresh and you can feel the Love in the place. Leanh, the owner is a sweetheart and delivers deliciousness.
Probably the best sit-down Chinese food you'll find in Daytona.  The General Tso's is very good as well as the Lo-mein (usually the only 2 things I order anyway because they're so good!).  The staff is friendly and the ambiance is nice.  The prices are a liiiiittle bit on the higher side for Daytona, but you get what you pay for.  Always a regular here.
It was okay and a little too pricey for the quality. I prefer others in town and they're cheaper. I don't think I will return.
The best Asian food I have ever had.  That may not be saying much.  Most Chinese food I eat is pretty standard.  That is why I believe this was the best.   The quality of ingredients is spectacular.  This place is highly recommended.
Great food
We are on vacation and tried this place based on Yelp reviews. Service was excellent and food is made to order...very fresh! You can specify white or brown sauce and mild or spicey.  They even have some Thai dishes on the menu.
I always dine here while vacationing in Daytona. Excellent quality and preparation. Reasonably sized portions. Excellent service. Clean environment.
Very nice Asian-American restaurant with a nice atmosphere and great service. The hubby and I had an enjoyable meal in a comfortable setting. This is a popular restaurant and at times there may be a wait.  The food was tasty and was what we expected....not below average and not amazingly above average, but definitely filling.  We will definitely return!
Bulgogi and pad se ewe were delicious
A bit pricey. But chinese food was delish and fresh! Egg rolls werent greasy. Fried rice was yummy.plan to go back.
Been here many many times. Food is always excellent.
Leanh's has earned my vote for best Chinese in the area. Had a very tasty lunch.  My entire party truly enjoyed their dishes and the service, started slow, but really came around in the end. The decor was very nice with some really nice accents.
Just hosted a birthday party here and everything was spectacular. The staff really went out of its way to make jta very pleasant experience and the food was especially good. Chicken chow mein was great as was soups, and vegetables. Thai curry was awesome. Sautéed scallops delicious. Nice very clean atmosphere.
Amazing food, beautiful restaurant, highly recommended.  I have to limit myself to one visit every 2-4 weeks.
Simply amazing Pan-Asian (Chinese, Vietnamese, and Thai) cuisine! While I am usually hesitant to try places that offer mixed menus, as one style of cuisine usually stands dominant while the others fall severely short, I was pleasantly surprised to find items on each menu to be authentic and well prepared. On my most recent visit a friend and I shared a sampling of items off of each menu, Tom Yum and Dumplings to start, and General Tao's Chicken and Bun Bo Xao for main courses. Each dish had distinct flavors depending on the region (Citrus and Chili for Thai, Sweet and Savory balance for Chinese, and Fresh Herbs and Spice for Vietnamese) and each portion was more than ample for the price. The staff is what makes this place truly shine, they are attentive, professional, welcoming, and from the very first visit made us feel like we were regulars.
Every dining experience I have ever had here has been amazing. My boyfriend and I usually get the hot and sour soup, chicken fried rice and spring rolls. The fried rice portion is enough to feed at least two people. Soup is thick and piping hot. And the spring rolls are always pleasant.
Being at Daytona beach, one wouldn't think of getting Chinese/Vietnamese/Thai food. Do not pass up this opportunity to try this great restaurant. You know this is a local spot, when you get the server/owner talking to customers about their kids school. The place is very classy, modern and clean. The service is SUPER fast! We ordered the kung pao chicken, chicken fried rice and orange beef. My wife loved the Kung pao chicken! The chicken fried rice is really hearty and filling. I absolutely loved the orange beef. Crispy, great tasting sauce and a good amount of portion. Eat this with white rice only, you will love the sauce over the rice! We would love to go back to this place again!!!
I did not enjoy the food. I am Southeast Asian and decided to order the chicken laap from the Thai menu and it was not what you would get at a real Thai restaurant. Their lomein was okay. However, I didn't like the egg rolls either. Service was good, but I would not go back for the food.
On a late night we dropped by Leanh's while waiting to pick up a friend at DAB. The restaurant decor looks nice and clean. The service was friendly, I would give it a 3.5 Stars. There was a larger party dinning there with babys and kids so I guess its family friendly. The workers were having dinner together so you could here the Cantonese in the background which makes for an Asian atmosphere. My wife ordered the beef chow fun which was very good, generous portions, flavorful and lots of beef. I had the graving for some noodle soup so ordered the Pho Tai. Having many Phos in my life, I would have to say that this was below average. There was not much flavor in the broth, the noodles were not cooked long enough, however the portions were good. I would go there again to try there other dishes but say No to Pho.
Amazing. The beef here just melts in your mouth. Leanh rocks, this place is her dream and she made it happen. We had her as a server one time and she didn't even take our tip. She loves her customers and you should love her for it!
Best chinese and Thai restaurant ,every thing is fresh and very goog i just love this place , best restaurant for me,and the service perfect to
Drove from palm coast, a fairly lengthy drive to see if all the positive reviews were the real deal. This place delivered. We were so pleased with the service and the meal that I'm going to do all in my power to make this a monthly occurrence. Everyone in my group agreed that the menu definitely needs to be experienced again, everything coming out looked great!. We had the seafood pho, split order for $2 extra bucks. This was great since we didn't just wanna fill up on soup. We also ordered summer rolls, very tender and filled with great pork, shrimp, lettuce and thai basil. The inner noodles were very fresh and the peanut sauce was good. If my daughter wasn't eating those I would've spiced it up with Siracha. They accommodated to her taste and were very cautious about NOT getting anything too spicy with a little one at the table. Service was top notch, tipped over 20%. They worked hard. I loved the veg pad Thai, great variety of veggies ( broc, mushrooms,etc not just noodles). I'm going to try some classics on my next trip.
This is the best Chinese restaurant in the area..Hands down.  It's consistantly good.  Yes, I agree their chicken dumplings are the equal of places in NYC's Chinatown. We were there with a party of 5 on a Wednesday night last week and the place was packed.  Got there at 6 and left to a full restaurant at 8.  People have long ago discovered this place.  They work very hard at keeping the quality up.  Moved to a nice new location.  Friendly service. My favorites are the dumplings, mixed soup, the Hong Kong Chicken, the Char Shu Ding, Moo Goo Gai Pan with black bean sauce, Orange Beef and Nancy's Fried Rice. Try it once...I think you'll like it, too
Excellent food, clean and friendly staff. I had the beef chop suey was very tasty and nice portions. The restaurant is nice decorated and light music playing in the background.
There is not  many chinese restaurants with waiter service in  the Ormond Beach/Pt. Orange area. The service is good and the owner is always here and happy to see you.The chicken dishes are white meat. I love the pan fried dumplings almost like the ones I get at the Good Dumpling House in New York,  The also have Vietnamese food I like the pho and hu tieu mi. My favorite is mi wonton. This is my hubby's mom and my favorite place to go when we go to eat. This is the best chinese in the area
Staying in area just a couple of nights and got some take out at this establishment.  The staff and food were great.  Good fresh tasty meal and they had brown rice and could make the food without sugar for me as I have diabetes.  Sat and waited with a local woman who gets food there often and she raved about it.  Owner brought my food out and offered to replace the sugar I couldn't have with small amount of Splenda next time I came in.  She was so nice as was the young Lady taking the orders.  Next time I'm in town I will be back.
Took Yelps recommendation and was not disappointed. Great food for 4 of us. Fabulous wonton soup and hot & sour soup. We had spicey Mongolian beef, cashew chicken, moo goo gui pan and sweet & sour chicken. Nice atmosphere, great service, and very reasonable $$$ for a lot of food!
We found this out of the way local chineese restaurant thu yelp while vacationing. The dining room was lovely. The service very good, the food excellent.
Upon arrival I noticed that it was quite busy - Sunday evenings aren't traditionally a very busy night. A good sign. We were seated very quickly, and the hostess was very pleasant and welcoming. Our server arrived well within limits and brought fried wonton strips, along with duck sauce, and took our drink order. The strips were fresh - still warm. Another good sign. I started reading the menu, I liked how it included a description of the dish - a nice touch, and it also helps someone not familiar with the cuisine in ordering - I also found that there were separate sections for Chinese, Vietnamese, Thai, and Korean. This is a relatively new trend, and you'd better know what you're doing in the kitchen to pull it off. Having never been there, I did what I usually do - attempt to try many items just to get a feel for how well (or not) they do things. Tonight it would be Chinese. If they can't get this one right, there's no reason to venture any further. We started out with the pu pu tray - egg rolls, crab Rangoon, chicken wings, teriyaki beef strips, fried shrimp, fried wonton, and ribs. The egg rolls were very good - appeared to be made in house. Crab Rangoon was very good as well - better than most. The fried shrimp were jumbo as advertised, and had a good, bright flavor. The wings and teriyaki were very well done - both were well marinated, and had a lot of flavor - they actually take the time to do them right - something most places don't bother with. Another thing that I noticed was that the fried appetizers were cooked perfectly, just the right color, and free of any excess grease. That shows me they use clean oil, and cook it properly. Impressive. As extremely well done as everything on that tray was, they were outshone by the ribs - when I first saw them, I was immediately reminded of the ribs that we used to get in one of our favorite places in Boston, and hoped that they would be close. I was not disappointed. They were cut babybacks, and fall-off-the-bone tender, seasoned with among other things soy, five spice, with a touch of honey.  A very slight hint of light smoke was in the background. Excellent. I commented on the ribs to our server, who's name was Leanh, and she told me that they actually smoked them for several hours (can't actually remember how long she did say). The end result proved it.                                 On to the hot and sour soup -excellent, good hot/sour balance, and plenty of body. Not just a broth with a few pieces of tofu and an obligatory mushroom or two. This was loaded up with chicken, tofu, mushrooms, bamboo shoots, carrots, peas, and garnished with scallion. While we were waiting for our entree, I noticed how well the service staff tended to their tables - drinks were kept full, dirty plates were removed very quickly - if any server was walking by, and noticed an empty plate on a table - they removed it - it didn't matter who's table it was. That's the way that it should be done Next up was the entrée - Orange Beef - my acid test for a Chinese restaurant. One of my favorite dishes, and one that is more often than not improperly done. It arrived looking right, the sauce was extra hot as requested, and had a subtle orange flavor as well - not too much, and also not too thick. The texture of the meat was perfect - one of the key issues in preparing this dish - it has to be twice cooked - oil blanched and the fried again, letting the sauce rehydrate the beef. You can't fake this, although a lot of places take the quick and lazy way out  -and the results are obvious. It was accompanied by steamed broccoli, and garnished with thin orange slices as well as white rice that were good as well. During the course of conversation with Leanh, I told her that this was our first time, and we were impressed so far. She made a point of showing off some of their dishes as they were being brought to different tables, and everything that we saw looked very well done. I like someone that is that proud of their product, and enthusiastic about their food as well. We have tried many Chinese restaurants since moving into the area, and this place is by far the best that we have found - quite possibly the best that we have eaten in since moving to Fl from the Boston area 26 years ago. This place is very well done - clean, tastefully decorated, and comfortable. The pricing is very fair. We have been to other Chinese restaurants in the area that were more expensive, but no where near as good. This place is definitely a keeper. Now the big issue - try the Vietnamese, Thai, or Korean the next time?
I think I've come to the conclusion that there just isn't great asian food to be found in Daytona. After going from restaurant to restaurant on a sunday afternoon, the only thing that was open was Leanh's. All I wanted was a decent bowl of pho, and after reading some positive reviews on yelp, we decided to go to Leanh's. The place is clean and spacious. I think if I come back here again, I'll stick to the chinese dishes. The pho broth was bland, and didn't have much depth to it. I kept having to add sriracha, hoisin sauce and fish sauce to make it taste better. I asked for lime, and they said they didn't have any! The food is clearly geared towards Americans, which is understandable since there aren't that many asians in Daytona. I guess I should be wary whenever a non-vietnamese waitress is serving me pho. I also tried my friend's Bun Bo Xao, while pretty decent, didn't taste like authentic vietnamese bun bo xao, but more like chinese stir fried beef w/ vermicelli. If you're craving standard chinese-american fare, such as sweet n sour chicken, pepper steak or kung pao chicken, then by all means, come to Leanh's. If you want vietnamese food, I'd suggest one of the few other vietnamese restaurants in town.
