I went to RPI and have been going to the Ruck for over 5 years... easily my favorite place to get buffalo chicken wings and they have a spectacular draft beer selection. Always a good time.
This place combines three of my favorite things exquisitely/perfectly: 1) Hands down best wings I've ever had.  Buffalo and garlic parmesan were to die for.  Also the bleu cheese dressing is very thick, goopy, and delicious- not like that thin, watery crap that you sometimes get. 2) Great beer.  Good rotating beers on tap, a good selection of bottles/cans of great craft beers, including local and far reaching microbrews, and knowledgeable staff.   3.) Good atmosphere.  It's just a regular, solid dive bar that knows how to have a good time. Unpretentious. Shuffleboard in back.  Not a place to get dressed up to go to. Highly recommended if you like beer, wings, and not too much bullshit.
Best wings in the capital district~ hands down.
It may not look like much inside or be in the best neighborhood outside but damned if they don't cook a good wing. Jumbo, plump, and crispy with a hot sauce that is flavorful with just the right amount of heat. They are also very cheap. $7 for a single order and $13 for a double with a huge cup of their delicious homemade bleu cheese. And if that isn't cheap enough, Mondays and Wednesdays are wing night with .40 wings after 7pm! If you haven't been here before just make sure you head up to the bar and ask for a menu and order right there. Don't expect anyone to come over to you at a table to take your order. Bring some friends because there isn't that much as far as entertainment goes. A few nice big flat screen TVs, a jukebox, darts, and a shuffleboard table. I don't anticipate a lot of females come here either, at least the ones you would WANT to bring home.
Some of the best wings, one of the best beer selections in the area. Even better they consistently rotate all the craft beer on draft so it never gets boring. If you're going to come here an bitch because the girls aren't cute enough or the music is too loud do everyone a favor and kill yourself, preferably far away from here. Hands down one of the best bars in the capital district to just hang out with your friends. If you're only looking to get laid or are a huge douchebag please stay away.
YES!  The wings are EVERY bit as good as all of the reviews claim, especially the garlic parm.  The beer selection rocks as well.  They have this seaweed kelp beer from Scotland that is to die for.  It's $8 but well worth a try.  The servers are always friendly but not overly so or slutty like the majority of Albany bars.  It's drama free, chill, and a great place to hang with friends.  Unless of course you are one of those fist pumping tools looking to get laid by every underage girl around.  I suggest you folks take your business elsewhere.
This is a no-brainer. Awesome beer selection. They also have the best homemade blue cheese which complements their wings or wing burgers. Best bar in the area, hands down.
I am a huge fan of The Ruck, especially when it isn't too crowded to move. If you like a more low-key bar then this definitely is not the place for you on a Friday or Saturday night. They always have a decent variety of good beers on tap and the food is delicious and cheap. The wings are naked (which is my personal preference), crunchy, and the blue cheese is home made. The bartenders and bouncers are very friendly. You make insta-friends just walking into this place! It's been known for years as a dive bar (and I think it always will be, but hey, it's endearing) but looks a lot nicer nowadays due to some recent renovations. I definitely recommend this place to anyone 21+ in the Troy population.
I am really not getting where people are saying that this is an awesome dive bar.  Yes it's a dive bar:  I live in Manhattan where there are tons of dive bars.  But this isn't necessarily a good one? However, The ruck happens to smell stank and seems to have too many townies in there for my liking.  Although, the second night I went there it was dead (we wished there were townies).  I don't know, maybe I dont have the same taste as many of the others that gave this place a good rating.  Im just not getting it?  Maybe the wings are good, but I personally think there are alot of good places to get wings in Troy (surprisingly Troy has some good places for wings).
Great beer selection, modestly priced... Wing Night is a nice treat, not the best wings i've ever had (from a buffalonian) but theyre worth $4 on wed. and mon. nights... The crowd gets crazy on the weekends but I love this place on a weeknight.. shuffleboard and Buckhunter in one bar.. that my friends is an equation for victory.
Awesome wings, excellent selection of craft beers, fun atmosphere and occasionally live music! The outside appearance is very deceiving.
As many others have stated: The Ruck is *not* a classy joint. It's a low-key dive bar with good food and good beer. If that's what you're looking for, this is the place. If you're looking for a classy establishment, don't come to Troy. If you're looking for a place at least somewhat classier than The Ruck, try Footsy Magoo's on 1st St. or Bootlegger's on Broadway. The service at The Ruck is adequate. Bartenders have a "what do you want, let me get it for you, and then you can go away" mentality. DEFINITELY not a chatty or overly friendly place, which I actually enjoy. If you're looking for asskissings, go to a family restaurant across the river where they'll charge you $9 for a crappy margarita. The beer selection: fantastic. This has been mentioned in several other reviews so I won't harp on it. What I would like to add is that liquor mixers here are also affordable - $7 for doubles, generally. Al Bundy's are a specialty combination of [a lot of] liquor and looks like fruit punch. They're strong, tasty, and very pink. If that's your thing, try one. I have been at The Ruck at every possible turnout: a dead weekday afternoon, Friday evening happy hour (free wings!), Thursday night karaoke, and Friday/Saturday night debauchery. During the week, it's predominantly occupied by Trojans looking for a good time. After a certain point, it becomes moderately less classy and an "older" (40+ Troy) crowd usually shows up (especially on karaoke night). Friday and Saturday nights are RPI undergrad heaven. If you're an RPI student, you're going to bump into a lot of people you know. If you're older and trying to avoid drunk college kids, don't go to The Ruck on a Friday or Saturday night. You've been warned. Overall, the best dive bar in Troy, and arguably one of the top in the Cap Reg. Food is cheap, beer selection is good and AFFORDABLE, and liquor is fair too. Definitely not a quiet place though, and seating is kind of limited, but that depends on when you're there. DEFINITELY recommend checking it out if you've never been there.
The wings here were just awesome.   After tasting the first one a quote from Barney Stinson (How I Met Your Mother) came to mind:  "This is so good it makes me want to sew my a**hole shut!"  Well, they might not be that good, but I love chicken wings and these were some of the better ones I have ever had. I had the hot wings and both the sauce and chicken itself were both fantastic. The rest of the place only enhances my view.  As a total beer nut and hop head the selection here puts a huge smile on my face.  The beer selection is great and the prices aren't bad. I also tried the wings at The Elbo Room based on Yelp's recommendation and I must say that it isn't even close to a contest.  The Ruck's sauce was better, the size, and quality of the chicken dominated.  If you want wings - go here. I do have two small gripes - I wish the wings could be ordered in more increments - Maybe include a 15 piece order instead of just 10 and 20.  Also, coming from the midwest I am used to a little (or maybe a lot) more hospitality from my bartenders.  The service was fine and no real complaints I was just surprised by the lack of courtesy.  I have gotten this a lot of places up here so I think it is more a NY / East coast thing than a problem here. All in all I would definitely recommend it and I will be back many more times!
As many have said, incredible draft beer selection and great wings. Not so great when it's crowded and one bartender can get a little surly. But the beer and the wings win out. Edit - Surly bartender no longer here. Wings better than ever; I like this place more and more! They've been a bit more diligent in keeping some nice high quality pilsner types on the taps. This is a great refuge from work week hell.
Mostly college crowd. Very loud. Has some surprisingly decent pub food (real bleu cheese). Nice draft beer selection too. Place is nice and quiet if you go early...
Awesome wings + Great Beer + Good price = Great bar. I rest my case.
If you're an RPI student or alum, this is the place to go in Troy.  Great causal place to visit.  The place may not look the nicest, but the quality far outweighs the look.  Large selection of beer, many of them craft beers (think Dogfish, Brooklyn, etc.), but they have some more mainstream beer too.  Mixed drinks also good, the bartenders don't skimp on the alcohol.  The food is great too, their famous wingburger (burger in buffalo wing sauce) always hits the spot.  Good prices on both food and drink (wingburger and decent beer is in the $8-$10 range).   Only reason this gets 4 stars is because sometimes it's a bit too crowded, and when its crowded it's tough to move around.  On weekends when lots of RPI Alumni are in town, it might be too crowded if you don't like large crowds.  When I return to Troy, I always like to make a stop at the Ruck.
Best wings in Troy, and believe me, I have ate a lot of wings..
Oh the Ruck. So many drunken nights in college spent here. If you want a strong drink that will inspire poor decisions, try the Al Bundy, but if you're looking to keep it classy they have a great selection of beers. Their mozz sticks are amazing, and I hear the wings are fantastic. Gets pretty crowded a lot of nights but that's to be expected having both Sage and RPI right near by.
I lived above this bar when it was Sutter's way back in 1993...my bedroom was the little room that overhangs the front of 106 3rd Street, right above the entrance to the bar.  Needless to say, I got acquainted with the crowd quickly.  The reviews here make me nostalgic to see how the neighborhood has changed.  Although I am a little older than the clientele...I still like my odds.  ;-)
I heart the sprinkler system.
awesome dive bar. cheap, good beer. fun people watching. get a wing burger while you're there :) just be warned, if you pay with credit card, they will put a $30 hold on your account. it clears within 48 hours. just something to be aware of when you're a poor college student.
Oh, The Ruck. Been going here for many years and am friends with pretty much all of the staff. Dave has done amazing things with this place and it's been cool to see it transform over the years. From the days it was a super divey college bar to now being known for its craft beer selection and amazingly good pub-style food, you really can't go wrong with The Ruck. I've started and ended many a night there and have always been thoroughly pleased. No visit to Troy is complete without spending time here.
The Ruck, where nothing good happens after 2 am. I used to frequent here when I was in college at Russell Sage literally blocks over. Having moved back to the area for work I've been a returning customer for something to eat after Troy's Rockin on the River nights. The Perks: -yummy food which has gotten significantly better over time, including a re-vamp of the menu. -fun atmosphere, where almost all types of people are accepted -great selection of craft beers The Downsides: -beers are constantly changing, don't get too attached to a beer you like, because when you come back in literally two days chances are it's gone. -the staff is kind of a bunch of a**holes. ...No seriously, I know it's The Ruck, but hey, if I'm giving you tips you shouldn't treat your customers like dollar signs. -the bathrooms are disgusting. again, I know it's the ruck but come on, the toilets are always clogged and smell rancid. there are more thoughts and opinions I could give you but these are the things I think stand out most in my mind. I do have to add one more thing however, the last few times I have been there the bar tenders have been really incredibly rude. I've only seen one girl behind the bar with a staff of mostly all other men, and she always seems to act like the queen of the bar. In addition to that a bunch of the other guys (though i have to make sure to declare NOT all of them) are always so "ready to move on" to other customers. If you're trying to be a beer bar and I'm asking you a question about your main product you should be so dismissive of me. Maybe it's because I'm getting older but come on! Where is your customer service?
Quick Look: Great "Bar" in the heart of Downtown, Troy. Big hit with the college crowd but you will also find a mix of older locals and industry people depending on when you visit. Great for trivia on Monday nights. In Depth Review: The Ruck has come a long way since it was Sutter's. I recently visited with family and joined their team on a Monday night for trivia. Was surprised how busy The Ruck was by 7pm and how many people were playing team trivia. Please note: this is serious trivia. These teams are playing for real and playing for blood, I mean bragging rights. The questions are not easy and the best teams have a variety of  demographics w/ their team members. Good news is our team actually placed in first and won! The beer and drink selection is abundant and very affordable. Enjoyed sampling their many mico-brews they had on tap. They were cold and poured perfect. Wife enjoyed the mixed drinks. Price points were super reasonable. Couple opportunities for improvement: 1) poor ventilation / air conditioning. It was sticky & uncomfortable as the night got busier in the room. 2) Better quality wing sauce. They used the larger sized chicken wings (that I like) but the sauce tasted like it was created using ketchup, barbecue and Tabasco sauce. Had a strange consistency and the ketchup was the overpowering ingredient. They were not the orange shade that I like to see my Buffalo style (medium) wings. Summary: The Ruck is a great neighborhood bar that turns into a rowdy college bar late night. It's a watering hole that you can feel safe going to in Troy. They will make you feel welcome and keep you hydrated.
The Ruck is an awesome somewhat dive bar.  Huge selection of many different beers. Great food as well. Additionally, very safe and doesn't have the issues like some other bars in Troy. Has a college crowd from RPI and Russell Sage, but also has a unique group of locals that attend. Recently re-did the front, which as you can see by the pictures, looks great. Also has the extended Soccer (Football) package, that lets you watch essentially any game, as well as Rugby games, of which Dave (owner) is a huge fan of, thus the name. Whether it be food or drinks, the Ruck is really great.
I was passing thru Troy with 2 friends and we stopped at the ruck for wings. After getting extremely amped about the review at Griff's, I was disappointed to find out that it was closed. In a second attempt for a wing affair in upstate, we ended up at Ruck's. As we drove down the street we were greeted by a possessed jester in front of the bar. Weird. Anyway, Ruck's was a load and energetic environment, and had many presents to offer a hungry bunch of folks. We were pleasantly surprised to find the shuffleboard operational #sorrybro and we proceeded to order 20 medium and 10 creole hot wings. Both types were very solid, but I would have liked them to be a bit spicier. While gnashing on good wings and sub-par fries we watched a lax bro get some girl's number. It was a beautiful execution - swift and precise. In summary, The Ruck was a weird and enjoyable taste of Troy, and I would recommend it to those who are looking for good wings, respectable beer selection, consenting poonani, live music, and amiable shuffleboard.
This place had a lot of potential to be cool, but some of the bar hands are absolute assholes. We were playing shuffleboard when the bar hand came over to the table, literally room the pucks out of our hands, and covered the table with wooden boards. Never have I ever even heard of any kind of bar game being shut down mid game. No warning, no reason, no nothing - a full hour and a half before the bar shut down. Other people nearby were even mad at this bar hand for shutting the game down. I've never left a Yelp review before, but felt compelled to sign up just to give this place one star. Never experienced a more unfriendly bar employee in my life. The bar hand had a tattoo on his left elbow, but wouldn't give us his name - hopefully management gets rid of the guy, because this review would be very positive otherwise.
I've been to The Ruck two times since the new kitchen thing has happened. I noticed immediately that the BBQ sauce on the wings has changed. It tastes like tomato paste now. Also the epic blue cheese recipe has changed and is no longer as epic as it used to be. I must say that the improvements to the facade are incredible.
I love it when I have to eat my words and they are delicious. I'll admit I have been a skeptic of all the "chefy" stuff appearing on the menu. I remember the days when it was wings, burgers, fries and that was about it, so I was  hesitant and resistant to change. Well, I organized a group of CRAC yelpers to meet for brunch. I got the "never been feta" frittata (RRP, feta and other stuff with fresh cut French fries tossed in pesto aioli). I ate every delicious bite of my skepticism. (I told my parents how delicious the Ruck Brunch was and they are now anxious to try it...actually Dad gave the puppy dog face and begged my mom to go to brunch next week at the ruck) Honestly, if there was outdoor seating I'd be here every Saturday for brunch. Brunch at the freaking Ruck. Whodathunk? Over the last couple of months the wings have slid in quality and it is now necessary to order them "extra crispy" to get them the way thy always use to come out. I had been wondering if I should drop my review to 4 stars but figured I would just let y'all know you probably need to order them "extra crispy" unless you want mushy wings. (Medium sauce is still awesome and the blue cheese is still laced with crack). Some of the CRAC yelpers explained the concern so....fingers crossed the normal crispness returns. Ultimately I decided that because I found the magic words to get my wings proper and this newly discovered brunch secret, they still deserve the 5 stars. Xoxo
Great wings!!!!  I was taken aback by my hamburger order, I've never received a burger without any lettuce or tomatoes??!!!!??  but it was great!! Great service by the bartender
Dear The Ruck,        I hate, hate, HATE to drop you down a star but here's why I am. It's petty, it's personal and it's because I'm a vegan. Right now there are no real vegan options which makes me REALLY sad because I love the ruck and I'd probably always make this my go-to spot except I can't eat here. I'm not even a picky it can't touch meat vegan, so I eat your fries, and I order a basket of veggies (celery and carrots). but honestly, I'd like a sandwich, or a veggie burger. I was informed the current veggie burger (which looks amazing for any vegetarians BTW) isn't vegan. :(. Most of the other ALMOST vegan options have cheese and possibly other items and since when I asked if the veggie burger was vegan and wasn't given any other suggestions I just gave up. Maybe that's my fault. Anyway, get ONE vegan item, something I can use for a meal. A wrap, a veggie burger, a salad that doesn't have cheese and croutons and I'll give you that star back. Maybe you don't even care because honestly the beer selection is as it's been since 2011 AMAZING and I won't stop coming just because I can't eat but I won't stay as long as I want because I get hungry. Keep up the great beer selection, the incredibly comfortable atmosphere, the super friendly bartenders, and everything else. But please start feeding me. Thank you, a HUGE fan,  -Megan
Amiable beer bar with a most attractive plywood front and no sign out front at all at present, which means anybody hot on my trail might have been shaken off by the time I ducked in. I got table service when there is no table service (those in the know, of which I am one now, go to the counter to order food - please read the invisible signs indicating this), and had a Full Breakfast with a Liquor Pairing well after breakfast time (I love places that cater on Saturday afternoons to Friday hangovers, even if I can't muster up the energy for a hangover anymore). They had just run out of the IPA I ordered but the barkeep knew his suds so well I ran through a list of what I liked and he poured me out a perfect substitute. So the beer is fresh and the staff fresher. Er, something like that. The kitchen manager listened intently and with good purpose to Otis holding forth about the proper fryer temperature for wings, and that kind of interest and initiative deserves to be rewarded with your patronage. I'm only sad there won't be a dramatic reading of that particular dialogue by a Real Actor, because it really deserves immortality. The major downside of my visit today was the suspicious company of vaguely desperado-ish people I drank and ate with. I was regaled with stories about Korean food and how Google glasses work with sun shades, clearly the wrong sort of people to hang out with. The fact I enjoyed it heartily just proves I'm no good. A special thanks to the Ruck-Master for setting up today's visit, you know who you are. Sometimes your life changes in a moment you never expected.
I'd heard through the grapevine that The Ruck had great wings. Being a wing aficionado, I was excited to make the short trip to Troy to see what the fuss was about. Upon arriving, I almost didn't go in. The front of the establishment looked like a place that drunks and winos frequent. I'm ashamed to admit I was scared to get out of my car. But I mustered up the courage and barged through the door. This was at Noon on a Saturday, and the place was empty. I was the only patron in the entire bar. But my fears soon turned to joy, as the bartender warmly greeted me and upon me asking him for a beer recommendation, I was stunned--yes stunned--at not only the incredible breadth and depth of The Ruck's selection, but also the bartender's knowledge of, and passion for beer. The wings took a good 20 minutes to arrive, but that was fine with me, as I sat and enjoyed the wonderful IPA the bartender suggested I try, while I watched sports on one of the TVs. When the wings finally did arrive, they did not disappoint, they were delicious. The Ruck looks like a dump. Hell, it is a dump, but ignore that and don't let it deter you. It is truly something special. The wings are some of the best in the Capital Region, and the beer selection--and knowledgable staff--will blow the mind of even the most jaded beer lover. Highly recommended.
Wtf happened here? I come back after taking an R&R for a few months only to discover that they no longer offer free wings during happy hour. Fair enough.  Things change - usually for the worse. But now the wings they do offer are soggy, chewy, and more expensive. They aren't the crispy, fall of the bone, pure Buffalo-style poultry I have always had. I am confused. Perplexed. Stunned. This isn't The Ruck I know and love. What happened to the glorious wings? Why?Why? Not only that, but beer prices have risen dramatically and the menu has changed from simple cheap pub grub to more of a "real" menu.  If you mess up the wings, there is no way I am trying anything else. I am sad :( Given its years of solid consistency I will give The Ruck the benefit of the doubt. 1 star down for now.... Update: They now offer a beer brunch on the weekends.  I didn't try the food as all I really want them to do is simple - perfect the once glorious wings.  I believe they still have it in them to do, but now you just have to make sure you ask for your wings crispy. And if the Thirsty Dog Old Leghumper Coffee Porter is offered on cask - get it!  Perfect brunch beer.
An uncomplicated review for an uncomplicated place. Great/fun vibe, tons of beer selections for the beer enthusiast, they are literally GIVING away the tasty tasty food (the buffalonian in me feels home here). I also love that you can order your food at a counter instead of having a waitstaff. Never have been here on a Friday/Saturday after 10 so I can't attest to the college crowdedness. I do find that you have to wait a few minutes to get a beer because regardless of time/day the bar is always full of people boozing and hanging out.
Stopped here on my way from PA to VT b/c I needed a place to watch USA World Cup game. Wasn't expecting much driving through Troy, but what a pleasant surprise. This place is definitely nicer than your average "dive bar." I had an outstanding veggie burger. Tap list included a nice array of craft brews. Staff was pleasant. Service was a little slow, but I'm guessing that had a lot to do with the fact that they aren't used to being so busy at 12pm on a Thursday- great World Cup crowd. Beware- there is no sign on the outside so it's easy to miss, but trust Google Maps. Not sure I'll ever be in Troy again, but I'd definitely go back if I am.
I lived in Buffalo NY near Duff's for years and can honestly say that the wings at The Ruck are on par if not better! The beer selection is fantastic and the atmosphere casual and comfortable. I do try to go when RPI isn't in session as it gets quite packed.
The Ruck is a fantastic bar with a very deceiving exterior. It has shades of a bikers bar but once inside you'll instead find a very spacious, rustic and dark dive bar which features a solid selection of various craft beers on bottle, can and tap. While we didn't have a chance to eat anything there, the wings coming out from the fry-o-lator looked awesome. But instead we had a liquid meal which featured various craft beers. They have stuff from Founders, from New England Brewing, Dogfish Head, Troegs, Goose Island, Sierra Nevada and various others. They come in all kinds of styles from stouts to IPAS and the selection rotates frequently. I was only there for an hour or so while in the area for a concert but I will not hesitate to return in the future. The staff was pretty friendly and the beer was ice cold. I don't really know what else I could ask for from this place. There's a decent amount of street parking as well. If I ever do return, it looks like I'll have to try the wings, but based on my beer-centric experience alone, the trip there was definitely solid.
This place has great food and a great variety of beers on tap. I went on a weekday and it was pretty chill. Played some darts too.
The chicken wings were excellent.... at least the few that I ate from my friends order as I came in. I immediately put an order in and 15-20 minutes later I got 10 wings that tasted like they were taken out of a price chopper to-go box and smothered in franks and butter. Anyways, I won't hold that against you, because even if your wings were 100% consistent, you still couldn't beat the wings from the ale house.
I can't even deny that I love The Ruck.  I love it's dive-ish feel, I love their wings, I love how I can come here in yoga pants and fit right in...ok I pretty much love everything about this place.  As Brendan said, it is rough around the edges but that's part of it's charm! It's located right on third street and is kind of unassuming with it's dark interior and bench like seating.  Like I said, it's a dive but don't let that fool you.  They have a ton of different beers on tap and good bar food. They have wing specials on Monday and Wednesday--.50 wings, and even free wings on Fridays!  Their beers are also pretty cheap too.  Ok, so I consider myself a wing connoisseur and I have to say these are some of the best wings AND blue cheese in the area.  They are just perfect.  Meaty, crispy, and saucy!  All you have to do is go up to the bar and put in your order and they'll run 'em right over to you in no time.  It can get packed on wing special nights, but I've never waited long or haven't had somewhere to sit.   They even have shuffleboard (which I suck at) which is fun, especially after a few drinks :).  And darts too!  The crowd is truly eclectic.  You have your RPI kids, people who come here after work, prissy girls, 75 year old couples who want to get in on the wing action, kids playing song after song by the band Disturbed (awful) on the music player...basically a mix of everyone and anyone, which I love.  I've seen people here in sweats, and nobody cares and that's what I love about it!   Yes the bathrooms smell awful and one time when I came here the sink was ripped out of the wall, but it just adds to my love for this place.   If you are in the mood for a brew and some wings, come here...just do it.
I immediately knew upon entering that I would dig this so called neighborhood dive bar. You know right where ya stand. Mixed crowd. Hard wood, tall tables, typical bar games, Irish influence. Gets crowded 11-4 w local college crowd thur-sat. 25 beers on tap. Varied international beer menu. Only 2 hard ciders was a disappointment. Great for grabbing a craft beer w friends, just chill watching the game, or to indulge in their awesome wings. This city is ubiquitous for chicken wings. The infamous Hurleys will FOREVER be my favorite. Unfortunately, they are no more. But, there are a few other spots in this city that serve a solid chicken wing- classic buffalo sauce w blue cheese & celery/carrots. But here? They nail it! The wings are hearty but not plumped salt solution-ed or  steroid injected. But a decent hearty size cooked perfectly. 1/2 doz sauces offered but I had the classic hot- which weren't all that hot but the sauce to wing ratio was spot on. It was tangy but not vinegary or even buttery. However, the real clincher is the chunky rich, garlicky blue cheese. Decadent. Skully the bartender is everyone's old pal from like way, way back but only on Sundays.
There are not that many bars in the Capital Region that I am addicted to. Yes, addicted to. The Ruck has a place in my veritable after work libation that cannot be suppressed, I don;t care how many times I have waited at the bar for a drink. The service- bartenders and cooks as well as the bouncers, who will come by and actually BUS YOUR TABLE is really impeccable. They are knowledgable about the beer they pour and the food that they serve. About the food. It is your average bar grub- burgers, wings etc. but it is different in a sense that it is awesomely delicious and well thought out. The burgers are fresh, the wings the absolute best in the region. The rest, well, I have no idea because all I eat in this joint are burgers and wings. Can;t say enough about this place. It really is quite prefect.
This was my second visit to The Ruck.  The first trip was to check out what I understood to be an excellent selection of craft beers on draft.  I was surprised that I had never heard of the place before.  On that first trip my wife and I just had a beer each during an afternoon and thought "what a hole in the wall this place is."  And with the place being mostly empty that was the image that has stayed in my mind for almost a year now. Fast forward to this week and a suggestion by some CRAC members to gather there to sample what have been described by many as the BEST wings in the area, and I finally have an excuse to return.  As it turns out, Mondays the wings are 10 for $5 (I think) and it's also Trivia night.  So off I go, without the wife who refuses to return there, with the envy of a fellow retiree who I had to leave at a wake because, after all, it was for his mother-in-law, in search of a CRAC member who I only would be able to recognize if she is holding a coffee cup in front of her face.  But fear not, after exchanging comments in the YELP Talk section we realize we are sitting next to each other at the bar. An Ithaca Gorges Smoked Porter ($5/16 oz) is a good place to start.  Sharing some good conversation over our inability to have the slightest clue, even when clues are given, what the answers are to the Trivia game going on around us leads to the suggestion of sharing some of those famous wings.  I say "No" but I'll gladly agree to two orders so we both can enjoy a full serving.  I follow the advice of the redhead without the coffee mug and ask for them "medium."   I already don't remember what my second beer was, maybe a Blue Point since the special that I ordered had kicked, but I'm fully into the wings now.  They're pretty good.  Medium is just the right amount of heat for me, and surprisingly, the blue cheese dip with the standard carrot and celery sticks is outstanding.  Nice chunks of cheese in it.  And between the two of us we did pretty well on a couple of the categories of trivia. Risking a fear of one of us turning into a pumpkin at 9 pm, we agree by YELP Talk to await another CRAC member.  Besides, we can't leave now not knowing the correct answers to that last category of trivia that had us totally baffled.  So a cask Sly Fox Pale Ale ($6/16 oz) from a beer engine is in order.   More great conversation and The Ruck no longer seems like "a hole in the wall."  It's a pretty nice place to throw back some good beer and have fun with people.  Did I mention that they also have mechanical darts and a shuffle board?
I rate places based on what they are, not what they might be. The Ruck is a craft beer, wings and burger bar, with friendly publicans and live music, and they are firing on all cylinders. It's not trying to be fancy, it's not trying to be a cocktail bar, or trying to be a restaurant.  It's damn good at what it does.  The wings are delicious, the staff are knowledgeable and friendly, and the live music (including my nephew, who plays here now and then) is varied and high-quality. But for me, it's all about the beer. I've been in many bars with larger selections.  I've been in many bars with odder selections. But to consistently find this selection, in this bar, in this neighborhood, is just amazing.  The selection is good, varied, and carefully "curated" by beertenders who select quality beers across a wide range of styles.  It's been a bit different on every visit, with new beers coming and old beers going based on what's out, what's seasonal, what's interesting, and what complements the rest of the tap array.  I am a draft craft beer nut (beer snob, man with a beer problem, choose your fave description...) who attends the GABF annually for research and I am hard to surprise.  I'm even harder to delight.  The Ruck manages to do that pretty often.  I have never been unable to find a tasty, interesting craft beer, well served at the Ruck, and usually sample 3-4 different varieties. Serve me a pint of Firestone Walker IPA, throw in some real Buffalo-style Wings, or a damn good burger, and I am transported back to my high school days when the dive was called Sutters. Except now there is great beer here, the wings are WAY better, and I'm actually of drinking age.
In a nutshell: The wings are the best in the capital region hands down and the rest of the food is decent. They have a great selection of beers and the prices won't break the bank.
It doesn't look like much from the outside but when I read they were going to have a "Gluten Free" night we didn't care.  We had to go...and we are SO glad we did. We arrived early as we didn't realize the gluten free festivities didn't start until 7.  We went to order wings and a burger and the bartender went to check with the cook to see if they could accommodate.  Anyplace else we would have been told a flat out no, you'll have to wait until 7.  Not here.  The cook went WAY above and beyond for me and I am INCREDIBLY grateful!  He turned on the fryer and cleaned the cooktop early.  Sure, it took a little longer than usual to get our food, but that was ok.  I was actually drinking BEER while I waited.  I enjoyed the Steadfast Pale Ale.  Hubby was greatly impressed with their many taps and sampled several of the offerings.  Oh, how I've missed beer.  The cook came out several times to ask if I could eat this or that and also brought out a can of tomatoes to let me read the label to make sure it was ok.  (WOW). Over and above I tell ya!   Once the food came I was in heaven.  I have not had chicken wings in almost a year.  I kid you not when I say I was almost in tears.....happy tears!  The wings were FANTASTIC.  Nice and crispy....my mouth is watering just writing this.  The burger was also very good but I just wanted more wings!  I almost placed an order to go, and didn't....and I kicked myself for it later.  If ANYONE had tried to touch those wings while I was eating, they seriously would have lost a finger. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK THANK YOU to The Ruck for doing a gluten free night.  If you do it again, we're there.  If you make gluten free wings a regular thing on your menu I may never leave. Everything was great and you have a terrific staff who obviously are educated on what gluten free means - I hate when I go somewhere and ask if they have any gluten free options and I'm met with a blank stare.  I'm not doing this because it's a 'fad'....I'm doing this because I will get VIOLENTLY ill if I ingest gluten!  We were so impressed with the cook and his care that I made my hubby go and tip him too!!
Why would anyone go to a bar with 248 men and 7 women? You go to RPI you dummy, that's a pretty good ratio!  7?  Sounds like it's ladies night to me!!!! Also the place stinks worst than a garbage dump, but I've had some of the best times of my life in this bar.  The wings are without a doubt the apex for which all other wings should aspire to be.  And yes, for Friday happy hour, you get them free.  Yes free.  You get these little spicy works of art for free.  Yes free.  Walking in there feels like home, and you can get drunk for less money than a crosstown cab-ride in New York. I love you Ruck.  I'm sorry I still call you Sutters.. You have to understand though.
Consider me a Ruck convert. I got dragged there for a night out, and had a blast! I've been back more times in the past few months than I'd been in the years before, and have a pretty good time whenever I go. There are specials every night of the week. Some wing nights, some drink nights, and Fri/Sat are usually less of a 'deal' nights b/c it's prime time. Friday happy hour they have free wings out every half hour/whenever they feel like it or so. The wings (I finally have been able to successfully order and receive them!) are good. Crispy skins, moist meat. They don't rush the cooking time even when it's busy (a really good thing for consistency). The last time I was there there was a lady in this really nice cocktail dress... who was super wasted, flashed crotch whenever she sat (slumped) and kept walking (stumbling) in front of the people playing darts. Oh, and some dude who kept walking up and down hiking up his pants. Great for people watching.
This is my favorite bar of all time. OF ALL TIME, PEOPLE! What makes it so good? First off, any bar that has a fry-o-lator next to the bottles of booze cooking up the worlds best chicken wings is the best bar of all time. Second of all, any bar that doesn't kick your drunk ass out until an hour after the FOUR AM last call is the best bar of all time. Third, if you get the bartenders drunk enough, the $100 bar tab all of a sudden becomes a $40 bar tab.  Even if you don't have nice tits. Fourth, there are tons of lesbians from the All-Girl Nursing School, Russell Sage. Fifth, they tolerated me playing the "tequila" song 11 times in a row on their juke box. Finally, I got my first case of crabs from a chick I met at The Ruck.  BEST BAR OF ALL TIME!!!
Was excited to try the wings after reading so many great reviews.  They were ok.  Nothing exciting.  Fries were very good.  Good sandwich.   Deviled eggs were quite blah.. Nothing bad at all,  but nothing special either.
Don't ignore the specials board.  There's some good stuff going on there! It changes weekly-ish.
My RPI friends and I, and even some of my friends who have visited Troy a few times, constantly wonder how the best Chicken Wings and the best Pizza in the entire world can be found in the brokedown milltown hamlet called Troy, NY.   It really is amazing.  The wings.  The wings . . .  I mean, just get the wings.  I was in Springfield, and had some time to kill before I was due in NYC, so I drove an hour and a half to Troy for some wings and a slice of Pizza.  I think if I lived in Springfield, this would be a common occurence for me. The ruck has undergone some renovations in the last few months, and anyone who hasn't been in a while should check out the place, it's vastly improved and isn't the dark, dingy place we all loved so much.  They have the shuffleboard table back, and the TVs are all HD and brand new.   How could someone rate this place below four stars?  It boggles the mind.
My Trivia team was called "The Stiffening Agency". We played three rounds and came in like 4th even though there were 7 rounds. Bitches. The team was whoever was in earshot, and we got tons of right answers. A wisdom of crowds kind of thing. And there was a pretty good crowd for a sunny Mundy. The trivia is pretty high tech. Questions on big plasma screens with audio/video questions. You would be amazed who has their cartoon trivia dialed in. The questions came  fast and you had to pay attention or you''d be lost in the sauce. I think it should be broken into two parts in case you get there late and want to join in but you don't have a team to be on. I would definitely meet some Yelpers there so long as it is absolutely NOT called Team Yelp.
Am I really giving this grungy, beat up little bar 4 stars?  You betcha.  I came here to meet up with Seneca S. and a few other people from a Meetup group.  I was put off by the exterior.  In retrospect, the "shack" look must be intentional.   Drink prices are okay.  I must be so spoiled to think $6 for a jack & coke is expensive.  But they have a great selection of beers (I think I heard someone mention 30 on draft) and a full bar.  That doesn't even matter.  If it's Friday and it's between 5-7, you might be here for a drink, but you're DEFINITELY here for the wings.  Which are REALLY good.  And FREE.  Holy crap.  And what is with this blue cheese?  Do they sprinkle crack on it?  It's so GOOD!   I had a great time hanging out here, and will definitely come back again!
My first reaction to this place was a chuckle because of the eerie resemblance of Paddy's Pub.  In the slight moment I opened the door, I was hoping to meet Charlie or Dee, or even get karate kicked by Mac.  I was disappointed.  Not only did I not meet the crew, but the entire place was just alright for my taste. The wings were good, nothing special as many people have made it out to be.  It was kinda like watching the first Star Wars... rave reviews but a big let down.  I will give you that it's A LOT better than Mousetrap wings.  I got here around 10pm and I don't know if it's different earlier, but you order your wings at the counter where they cook the wings.  You can order any way you like.  I got a little sarcastic reception when I asked if I can order 10 and 10.  And he looked at me as if to say, "of what?"  He eventually understood what I was asking, and he said you can order 13 and 13 if you wanted.  That's what you get for being a newbie.  Don't make my same mistake.  It takes about 15 minutes and they cook it right in front of you. Again, I was expecting a huge selection of beers, but there were about 10 different beers on tap.  I was expecting something like Macgreggor's where they have 30 or more beers on tap.  I'm a big fan of Purple Haze, the music and the beer, but this one tasted watered down and didn't have that kick of subtle berry taste. The inside was what you'd expect in a college bar: some dart machines (looked somewhat outdated), a long board with pucks (not sure what it's called but is kinda like curling accept it's not a silly "sport"), and male attendance at their prime of belligerence (aka, college students).  Don't get me wrong, I used to be one of them, but that's passed my time.  I guess I prefer a laid back environment and people who drink for the sake of hanging out, and not getting wasted. Just an FYI, I think the guys who run the bar are rugby players, so if you're into that, try it out and strike up a conversation. If you're looking just to try out the wings, go earlier at 7pm.  If you want a room filled with testosterone, go later, and you ladies can open with, "do you know how you can tell if someone's ticklish...?  Give them a test-tickle."
- the beer:  better than average beer selection - about 25-30 taps, plus a hand-pump... but there hasn't been a cask available for at least the last few weeks I've been going there.  mostly american micro/macro brews (e.g. troegs, mcneills, ommegang, magic hat, sierra nevada, coors), with a few solid if not commonly available overseas selections (e.g. wells bombardier, weiheinstephaner).  One of the better selections for beer in Troy.  Average of $4 / pint makes it a better value than Dino BBQ too. - dive / sports bar atmosphere, but it's forgivable.  Reminds me of the working class sports bars in my small upstate ny hometown - knowledgable bartenders without any attitude.  Unless you're being a tool, in which case, you deserve it. - really really good wings & fries, decent burgers, but that's about it... no seriously, that's the menu (though they might have A salad on there too...).  Oh, and be warned, if you want lettuce / tomato / onion on your burger, you have to ask for it. - if there's music here, IT WILL BE LOUD.  If it's Karaoke night (Thursday), IT WILL BE LOUD.  Even the trivia guy on Monday is WAY TOO LOUD.  This might be my least favorite part about the Ruck. - Daily specials are a major perk on the wallet, but the bartenders probably won't tell them to you before you order, so check them out here, and on the Ruck's facebook page: getrucked.com/ruckMenu.p… specials I'm rating this 4 stars mostly on it's beer selection / value and no frills style.  If you're looking for a clean, modern looking club, with a long list of wine / expensive cocktails, this isn't the place for you.
It's with a heavy heart that I announce I can no longer endorce their cheesy fries.  They've replaced the delicious orange cheese product with a non-delicious white cheese product.   However, I must thank you Ruck because I will no longer be compelled to order them.    I did finally try their wings, those did not disappoint.
I love this bar. In fact, most of my trips to Troy involve dropping in at The Ruck for beer and wings. Or wing burgers. And cheese or hot fries. Delish. The beer selection is awesome. The owner Dave takes pride in offering a huge selection of microbrews from all over the place. In fact, I believe they now have 29 tap lines. From what I've heard he's even been known to bribe a brewer to give him a keg of something special meant for other bars in Albany. He's also a super cool and friendly guy who just wants to see everyone having a good time at an affordable price. Wing nights are Monday and Wednesday and the $.40 wings are fantastic. Just walk on up and order. Delicious, cheap food awaits. My favs are the wings, the wing burger (burger topped with cheese, wing sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion and served with a side of blue cheese), cheese fries and hot fries (fries mixed with wing sauce served with blue cheese). The blue cheese is made on premise and it is amazing. The wing burger will set you back a whopping 4 bucks. A huge basket of cheese or hot fries is another 4 bucks (plenty to share with friends). What a bargain. They offer other food, but to be honest, I never even knew because I don't think I've ever seen anyone eating anything other than fries, burgers and wings. Pint nights are Thursday evenings, which means $1 off all pints after 7pm. If you're looking to try something different, it's a good time to take the risk. Most of their beer ranges from $4-$6. If something is truly special and unique on tap, then you'll be paying more. They also have various brewers nights, which are great. The Dogfish Head nights are particularly awesome. You can find out all of their events and what's on tap by following them on facebook. That's super helpful because I usually know what I'm going to be drinking by the time I get there. The staff are super friendly and Tommy the bartender is a local legend. I love that guy. It's a kind of place that if you're there often enough, they will learn your name and your tastes in beer. It can be super crowded some nights (trivia, wing, band nights) with townies or RPI nerds but I have yet to have a bad experience there. If you want to get really drunk, order an Al Bundy. They'll know what you're talking about. Also, keep in mind they pour their mixed drinks with heavy hands, which I love, so plan accordingly. Go there. Now. :)
Troy is a very surprising place, there are many hidden gems and "The Ruck" makes the list.   Chill, ultra-chill, sooo chill if you don't know you need to go to the counter to place an order you could just sit at a table all night and I don't think anyone would be bothered. When I finally figured out I needed to order I was clued in if I could delay for just a few more minutes the wings are on special; and special they were. It's a happy moment when the Judah Friedlanderesque master chef shouts your name over the top of Trivia Night to signal, your wings are ready.Probably the best wings I have ever had, anywhere. Really nice mix of people here and a super selection on tap including Stone, Ommegang, Clown Shoes, Old Rasputin, Dogfish Head, Harpoon, Delerium Tremens, Unibroue, and many more. Recommended!
This is THE bar if you go to school around Troy. RPI and SAGE, I'm looking at you. That being said, I don't go here often. Its usually full of a million frat dudes, and the few chics that do stagger in are not worth fighting off 8 other guys to talk to. The drinks ain't bad, but nothing special.
The wings were avg to slightly above avg.  The blue cheese was pretty good.   Good selection of beer for a dive bar. I did notice a reasonable trickle of desperate looking average girls walking into this bar.   If you haven't showered and wearing old clothes that day and still want to get lucky with an average girl, this is the place for you.  You'd probably do better randomly hitting on girls on the street though. If you never go to The Ruck, you aren't missing much.
Will drive to Troy just to get wings from this place. Absolutely amazing wings with THE BEST thick homemade blue cheese dressing for dipping. Worth a visit!!!
A dive bar with one of the best micro-brew selections ON TAP in the area. It's good. I found it via my Yelp iPhona app, and I'm glad I did. If you're looking for a mojito or cosmopolitan, look elsewhere my friend..
As everyone else has noted, the beer and wings rock! I'd like to comment however, on hosting an event here, in case anyone else is interested. I contacted Bob and Dave through Getrucked.com and set up a party for my boyfriend. They were beyond helpful with me and relieved a lot of the stress that comes with planning an event.  They were extremely flexible with me - I had contacted a few other places that really just wanted to sell me a package, which really wasn't what I was looking for - the event was really casual. On top of that, the prices were great , and Jen, the bartender on the night of my event, was patient and easy-going with our large group.   five stars for the ruck!
They've always had the best wings and the best beer selection. Now they're expanding the food menu and every special I've had has been great. The servers are knowledgeable and friendly and the prices are more than reasonable. This is my go-to bar, hands down.
I love The Ruck. The wings are wonderfully crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  I also love the fact that so many different types of people frequent the establishment. One minute you're next to a politician, next minute you're next to a crackhead ! That might creep some people out but I love variety. The beer selection isn't the largest I've seen but it changes often which again appeals to my need for variety. If you're looking for fancy then don't bother with The Ruck. If you just want a cool, low-key place to eat, drink or watch a sporting event then you won't be disappointed !
With great food (including, but definitely not limited to wings), friendly staff, free shuffleboard, and a fantastic selection of rotating taps, the ruck has all the makings of a great bar. The clientele changes a lot based on the time of day, with 9-5ers coming in for lunch and dinner, and then getting more of a college bar atmosphere later in the night. Not the place to go for a quiet first date, but it's a great spot to hang out with friends. Great for sports fans too!
Surprisingly, I had heard of the Ruck for years, but never stepped into the bar until recently, and I was surprised of how good the quality of their beer is.  I found that there are a lot of choices for the beer there, and they are of the craft choices, so the more, the merrier.  They also have some good food, but I have yet to try their almost famous wings.  However, as good as the Ruck is, it can get mighty crowded.
They don't need my endorsement.  But I'm giving it.
This is a seriously dark bar, bringing out the darkness in your soul. And its jawesome. You walk into what seems like some made up set of a dive, an unfinished room thrown together 30 years ago and for some reason its still in working condition. Its fine, its a completely neutral bar, you go in, order the incredibly good wings (the hot wings caused Wands to constantly tap my brow with a napkin). Although beer doesn't really kill the burning. Grab a bud light here, they're what 3 bucks. Grab a friend. Just don't bring a girl. She'll get molested six ways from Sunday.....unless you're 250 and 6'4".
I went back to this place for the first time in 5 years and it is as good as I remember...especially since I've gotten use to Boston prices for everything.   $8 pitchers, free wings during happy hour, and cheap (really good) bar food during the other times...what's not to love?   Oh, and darts!  How I miss darts!!
To say that The Ruck has the greatest tap line in the Capital District would be a huge understatement. While the beer is what draws me to this dark and dingy haunt, it's the food that keeps me there way past my bedtime. The recent addition of Chef Rachel has only bolstered a menu anchored by some of the greatest wings, and burgers in the area. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and they don't give you the stink eye if you order a bottle of mass produced domestic swill. The only draw back to this place is it skews a little too young late nights, but then again what is a 40 year old married guy like me doing out past midnight anyway? Probably drinking something off the Goliath Tower, That's What!
Had a great meal the other night. The BBQ chicken Mac and Cheese Shepard's Pie was awesome. My husband got the wings and they were great as well. Would eat here again.
Ruck wings. 'Nuff said right there. Great bar with an amazing ever changing tap selection. The go to bar for a night out in Troy.  Drink and food specials every night not to mention a live band every Wednesday.  Cant miss this bar if you're out for a night in troy.
This is my favorite bar. Beers change every week and there's always a broad selection. The food and environment are wonderful as well. The Ruck is always my first choice when going out for drinks. Love it here.
I love a good dive bar, and the Ruck is the standard by which I judge all other dives. I started coming here when my besties moved to Troy in 2006-- they lived less than a block away on 3rd Street, and it became (and has remained) our home away from home. Most people coming to the Ruck for the first time look askance at it, but its homely exterior hides a genuine gem. Not only do they have a varied and constantly rotating set of beers on tap, but their food is ridiculously good, far better than you'd expect from any dive bar. They've gone a little gastropub over the course of the past year, and it's working out incredibly well for them. The chef has whipped up a menu that offers something for every palate and every mood-- the EO burger (topped with onion rings, bbq sauce and cheese) is a favorite, and the caprese flatbread is perfect if you're looking for something a little lighter but still hearty enough to soak up all the beer. And, of course, if you're a hot wing aficionado, you may have just found your Mecca. Don't let the divey atmosphere fool you; the Ruck is the best bar in Troy, hands down.
Great little dive bar with an inviting feel. The bar food (especially the wings) they serve is damn good and well priced. The beer selection, while not huge, changes frequently which is nice for those who like to try new beers. The owner (Dave) can usually be spotted walking around, always willing to talk to customers. The bartenders here are very friendly, but can sometimes take a while to get to you on a busy night. My one complaint is how cramped the bar feels at times due to it's odd, long and narrow layout.
wHAT A DIVE...AND i MEAN THAT AS A COMPLIMENT...you sure wouldn't go here for the ambiance but for cheap  good bar  food & a cold  beer you can't go wrong...  from the outside it looks like it should have condemned about 30 years ago...but walk inside and..,it looks even worse...but friendly no nonsense staff.. locals,college students,workingmen all mingling watching rugby on TV..makes it a must  if you enjoy an authentic dining experience...plus your wife and or girlfriend would be impressed you ain't afraid of no townie bar :)
Best bar on the planet period. Beer selection and events are first class. Food is damn good, especially the blue cheese dressing and wings. Staff are knowledgeable,friendly and fast. Always busy and many weekly events too. If you are in this city, this is a must go, if you like food and booze!
