Forget all the woe's that you've experienced since coming to Daytona and belly up to Tir Na Nog's fascinating blend of Irish Pub, Shit-hole Dive and pool hall. This is by far the best bar in Daytona, maybe all of Florida. They're local, they serve some serious beers and ciders and the clientele is decidedly un-NASCAR. I don't know if they still do, but a while back they had Hobgoblin English Ale on tap. I have been to all 50 states and countless pubs and bars and have NEVER seen Hobgoblin on tap. It's never a dull moment in here either. Even if the place is completely dead you're going to hear some funny conversation from the barten-deers and the juke box is always pumping something interesting. If you're interested in some sort of douchey frat fest then avoid this place, but if you're looking for a comfortable setting to relax and sip a serious beer Tir Na Nog is your place.
I think we must have went to the wrong place.  The bar we strolled into was dark and musty with loud heavy metal playing.  Looks like a spot for regulars because none seemed very welcoming.  We stayed for maybe 5 minutes and left to find another bar.   I just didn't feel comfortable.   I guess I was expecting something different because of the reviews
What a pleasant surprise it was for me to be introduced to Tir Na Nog. A clean, decent, well run, friendly, non life threatening fun just to be at bar in Daytona Beach?!? I was totally taken back by the fact, particularly since it is located just down the street from the seedy, infamous, dive-y Shark Lounge. It's basically a beer bar, but more than that, an actual honest to goodness Irish beer bar with an unusually large, varied and well thought out selection of imported, domestic as well as custom crafter brews, some of which are available on tap. It also has a unique, laid back, ambiance with a typical Irish pub décor of heavy dark wood, giving it the true flavor of a real pub; which it is. Better yet, on certain evenings live entertainment is offered, however, it is the overall friendliness of the owner and staff that add to the magic as well as the enjoyment of the place.
Place is a dive but that's why I love it! It has such great character. I miss hangin with my crew there or just popping in and there would always be someone I knew.
A refreshing change from the shots-and-techno scene that is most Daytona night life. This Irish pub is located in a slightly seedy section of the beachside, but once inside you'll find the place to be nicely decorated, clean and with a great staff. They have an excellent selection of imported beers as well as good domestic craft brews (Dogfish Head, Unibroue, Rogue, some Belgians...) Oh, and the prices are unbelievable. I felt like I was stealing, paying $3.50 for a Dogfish Head 60. Live music most weekends by great local bands, excellent sound system that fills the bar. NO SMOKING INSIDE, but you can go out back onto the small patio if that's your thing. Pool, darts, pinball machine. This place has it all.
One of my favorite places to hit in Daytona. You most commonly will be served by the owner of the bar, Randy a very nice and relaxed guy. People inside are always down for a conversation. The prices are more than reasonable, especially on Thursday night when they serve 50 cent PBR. There is a great selection of craft and micro brews on tap and in the bottle. Usually good music fills the bar. Theres a pool table. Local art on the wall for sale. I usually go in at least once a week.
Beer and wine only, for sophisticated and non-sophisticated tastes. $0.50 pabst drafts and music on Thursdays.
Quality Bar with lots of great beers on tap and a fun friendly staff, live music takes the place of the jukebox from time to time. The back patio is usually full of a wide spectrum of people where interesting conversations will break out and last all night. I am a regular at this bar and if you grew up in Daytona I bet you were once too.
Fun place, great people.  Our Rugby bar, our home!
