This is one of my favorite places in Daytona.  It is located in the Ocean Walk Shops on A1A.  The decor is great - comfy rattan couches with big puffy cushions in intimate set ups around the room, along with outdoor sitting.  Flat Screen TV's show surfing competitions but if you ask Ryan (my favorite bartender ever) very nicely he will put the Red Sox game on.  The menu here features many tropical concoctions - they have the traditional mai tai and the icy mai tai.  The traditional is wonderful topped with a float of dark rum - these drinks are very dangerous.  I have been unable to left my head off the pillow the next morning after 4 of the traditional mai tai's - yikes!!!!  They also offer an appetizer menu with some very yummy items.  I am not sure of the exact times but each day the have "HULA HOUR"  offering cheap drinks and apps and then there is also late night happy hour.  And Sundays is all day Happy Hour!!!!
mango Mai Tai was the best I ever had!
went here in January of 2013. Was blown away by the place. You need to understand that the fact that this bar is on the Ocean and within such close walking distance to the Hotel we were staying at made the experience so great! Yeah, the Service isnt first class and the bar itself is not off the charts, but the fact that it is within walking distance of the ocean makes this place a must visit!
Great atmosphere, minus the occasional white trash local that wants to tell you about his new tatoo that he rolls his sleeve up to protect.  The staff is excellent, the happy hours is outstanding, and it's amazingly clean for a beach-side bar.  A must visit with excellent entertainment.
Good location, good food and good service. Prices are great (compared to SoCal).  We had the Buffalo Chicken Sliders and Beef Sliders which were both really good.  Live bands were good.
Love love love this place! The drinks were amazing and my friend and I were shocked at how in expensive they were(it was our first time here) and the live music was absolutely phenomenal!! We didn't try to food, but I'm dyin to go back!! I love the whole outside seating area.
During my recent overnight stay in Daytona, the boy and I were looking for a place to have a late night drink and just chill. It was a Monday night and the place was not busy but not empty either. There was live entertainment that night - a guy and his guitar playing covers. He was actually pretty good! The drink menu and the food menu looked equally good. It was late night happy hour so many of the drinks were super cheap! I ordered a lava flow and decided to get the firecracker shrimp to snack on. My lava flow was only $4! Hell yea! The shrimp was tasty, nothing special about it. It was the perfect little late night snack. The view from the patio was beautiful! Definitely a great place during the day! It was a little chilly that night so we stayed inside. If I'm back in Daytona looking for some good food and drink, I know where I'm going.
Went here for an early dinner before work. Primarily an appetizer bar place. The food was all great, the service not that great. It's convenient and nice if you are in the Hilton and a very short few minute walk.
The ambiance here is completely awesome. They have both outside and indoor seating. My friends and I decided to sit inside due to the fact we didn't want the humidity to ruin our hair. The table we sat at had couches and comfy seats for chairs. It was pretty big inside an looked clean. The drink menu looked amazing. An endless amount of tropical drinks and martinis. The menu also offered finger food as well. When we went it was happy hour and the martinis were really cheap, so we each decided to get one. For finger food we got the buffalo chicken sliders, ahi tuna and chicken skewers in a peanut sauce. All of the food was great and the chicken skewers were amazing. In general the place wasn't too busy, probably because it was a Thursday night. We wound up hanging out there for awhile. The martinis tasted really good, however, we noticed that we had literally 5 martinis each and were barley catching a buzz. My friends wound up ordering wine and I decided to get a dirty martini. The waitress was somewhat attentive, but in general, she was really nice. All and all, I would go back for the food but would not recommend any of the cocktails on the menu because of how little liquor thy actually put in it.
Update:  I was contacted by a manager who apologized for the situation described in the initial review.  I appreciate the outreach and if I am ever traveling in the area again, will take him up on the offer to come back and give them another shot.
This place was just okay. I've gone here many times over the years and the quality has definitely gone down.  I dont even bother ordering the food anymore, but the drinks are normally okay. The waitresses seem to have gotten ruder over time as well. Maybe they need more breaks, or more tables, but something could be better for them because they dont seem happy to be there.
we had a BLAST!   We went on a Thursday night.  The Live Band Karaoke was horribly hilarious.   The drinks were good and the service was great.   I enjoyed the Mahi Sandwich but the Calamari was a little bland.
Good but not great. Everything was okay. Not overly impressed but nice view. I sat at the bar because I was dining alone. I went during happy hour so I had appetizers for my food selections. The spinach artichoke dip was really good. The chicken...ehh. my drink was pretty...but ehh...most of what I had I feel I could make better at home.
the bar atmosphere was cool, over on Ocean walk, extremely close to our hotel room because i wasnt in the mood to go far.  We ordered sliders and fries basic food, it is insanely relaxed and nothing to get dressed up for.  it is attached to bubba gump which is not bad except for the fact that when i had to use the rest room, i had to walk completely through mai tai bar, through a door that led me into bubba's use their bathroom got turned around and had to ask how i got back to the bar i was in smh.  I thought the food was average, nothing i would get crazy over enough to list things to order, everything tasted very basic no frills bar food.. if i went back, chances are they wouldnt see me again unless i was just going to drink, but all and all, i wasnt a huge fan.  It was completely DEAD in there, we were two of a few guests on a weekend night.. even off season it was just.. "sheesh' i just asked for everything to be packed up we went back to the the room, and my guy ended up eating up everything while i fell asleep anyway... i just was underwhelmed
Was walking by the boardwalk with my girlfriend and decided to stop for some happy hour drink and appetizers. She had a sangria which was not good at all  but I had a mojito which was very good. We ordered some calamari and buffalo chicken sliders. I was disappointed in the sliders as they were very bland and the calamari was ok I suppose. We had a nice table outside and the view of the beach was nice as we ate and drank. The service was fine as well, would probably give this place another chance.
The drinks are good and refreshing. The appies are super good, the chicken wings are HUGE and very tasty! We went there earlier on New Years and the atmosphere was great, good music, nice decor. It feel very laid back and perfect to chill out, our drinks had a flower, I found it pretty cool and cute! I will definitely come back if I'm in Daytona again!
My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! It's a great atmosphere with amazing service and a nice menu. We love the chicken chinois appetizer and the calamari, both delicious and fresh. The patio is convenient and the servers are always so nice and accommodating. It's a great little beachside bar!
First place we went for after we arrived at the hotel. Service is great drinks are generous and reasonably priced for tourist area.  I didn't get anything to eat but when I did see some of the entrees the lovely waitresses served other guests it looked really good, and from the menu it's the most affordable place in the ocean walk area.
I was expecting better, someone has to tell these skinny waitresses that there are people who just wanna lounge and enjoy their drink. Iam one of them. I do not want to be bothered so donot come to me for atleast 20 mins  unless called. Anyway, the martinis here are not bad at all. I loved my drink. But this place is not my kinda place. The bad part is that there are really not a not of options where u can sit and enjoy a good drink in daytona which is what I expect in a beach town.
Mai Tai is pretty much what you'd expect for a bar located right on the ocean in Daytona within the Ocean Walk shopping center. Please understand, this shopping center was built fairly recently and contains a Mexican restaurant, a Bubba Gump's Shrimp House, a Maui Nix Surf Shop, some other stores and a movie theatre playing current films. So what you have here is an effort to make bank on the tourists. That said, the bar is pretty good: a good place for tropical drinks and the interior and patio seating are both a nice atmosphere and since the building is fairly new, everything seems clean (perhaps even too clean?) for a bar. My complaints are that, well, it's a touristy place: the live music is always classic rock (thankfully decent covers and little of Jimmy Buffet) and the patrons tend towards middle aged couples who have come over form inland Florida for a day at the beach, which there's nothing wrong with but just not my scene. The namesake tropical drink is good, as are other tropical potions. The architecture of the Ocean Walk is either rather lurid or very cute . . . you'll just have to decide for yourself. I think it's fun, but again touristy to the max.
Wow, I cannot believe how cheap drinks are in Florida!  $5 for a pitcher of beer?!?   This place was crowded and extremely hot.  There was a live band where all these cougars and older folk were dancing near.  The servers there are completely bitchy and will push you or yell at you if you are even slightly in their way.  I have to liken this place to a college bar but for older people.  The ambiance was supposed to be cute and I suppose it is when less people are around.   I was not drinking that night but if I was, I could have been drunk off less than $10.
This place is probably tied (along with Ocean Deck) for my favorite bar in Daytona.  Located in Ocean Walk it's right there in the middle of everything beachside. Really good Mai Tais (I know, right?) and they're only like $4 a pop.  It's pretty much all I drink there, they're very good and trust me, you won't need more than 3. I've only eaten here once, the food was very good but it was in reeaallly small portions and relatively expensive. However, the nightlife more than makes up for it.  I like that it's basically on the beach, has a very beachy feel to it with the Tiki Torches outside. Also, every first Saturday of the month (I think):  Spandex Superheroes, awesome 80's cover band!!!! Only con: last call is at 1:30am...c'mon guys we got another half hour here!
I am not a chain food person but the beer was cold and service good. If you are just here for drinks sit on the outdoor patio. I can not speak to the quality of the food as I didn't eat here.
Happy Hour is 4-7pm and 9pm-1am every night! $3 wine $3 well drinks $5 domestic pitchers Great atmosphere. Live entertainment every night. ( Sadly the people they hire don't play music people can dance to though) They have comfy couch's to sit and enjoy your drinks. Also the staff is very nice.
This place had a great vibe to it. Some friends and i went out and got to enjoy the live band, Everstar. Pretty cool guys and have a wide range of music! The drinks were good as well as their happy hour. They also had a Late Night happy hour which was cool. The best part was we saw Kevin Nash! So huge, and nice! Security guys are so funny people. We didnt stay too late so we didnt get to see all the drunken crazyness, if any. My friends and i came to the conclusion that this place is a hit or miss... The band is alright and the service is ok. The environment is great because it is beach side and has indoor and outdoor seating. In my opinion the drinks aren't what they say in the menu. I ordered a raspberry lemon drop and basically got a watered down cranberry juice w sugar on the rim. Stick w the long island tea or the house wine, so you dont waste your money on watered down drinks. This is my 3rd time here and I don't think I'll be coming back.
Hanging out there on a nice breezy 80smth day, overlooking the wonderful plaza is a treat in itself. Very friendly service, very chill location. I dig.
One of my favorite bars to bring guests! Relaxed very causal atmosphere... We call it "grandma's beach condo" they have happy hour till 4pm everyday then again from 9pm-11pm. Great appetizers and drink specials. Ask for a chocolate covered pretzel shot and take home the complimentary shot glass!
Like the other reviewer, the atmosphere is great, I would only want to change the furniture. It seems a little dated or maybe it's just not my style. The Happy Hour specials are pretty good tho, however make sure that you order the specials during the designated times, otherwise you will be charge the regular price. The waitresses will not remind you (at least ours didn't), nor will she place the order in for you a minute later for you to reap the pricing. We also ordered the artichoke dip, which was fair, it wasn't anything special. They have a live band at night that plays a slightly rock type of music, so the other reviewer is correct, it's not dancing music, it's not a nightclub. This place is for more of a casual meeting ground where the music will not overcome your conversations.
Seat yourselves wherever is open.  We sat outside at a high-top.  We went for "dinner" - even though the menu is not full of entrees, we ordered several apps and it was all delicious: 5coconut shrimp, 3cheeseburger sliders, 3buffalo chicken sliders, and ricotta flatbread pizza.  Regan was great - friendly and attentive, she was busy with all her tables :) .  Not "right on" the beach but part of a bunch of outdoor shops along a sort of boardwalk.  Security seemed strict with IDs for a Friday night but not totally on their game - a few people seemed to get by them while they were busy talking in front of the main ramp.  We left before their live music started.  Sitting outside was noisy with the other restaurants' music playing loudly over Mai Tai's radio and large groups of teens running around screaming but we could hold a conversation comfortably.
I really do not like the franchise.  New York and Chicago but its raining and we have no choice.  I will let you know it it's Any better after we eat.  So far so good prompt seating and a great ocean view so it get 4 stars for location along.  Food is not going to change.
Great Happy Hour and right on the beach.  Happy Hour drinks are from 4-7 and then again from 9-1am.  Had a couple of pints of Kona Ale.  My wife had the cucumber melon crush drink.  Tried the coconut shrimp and the calamari, both good.  Service was a little slow at first as we couldn't get a waitress to acknowledge us, even though it wasn't that busy.   We'll be back.
Came here for drinks with a bunch of people. Can't say anything about their food but the cocktails are way too sweet for my taste. I should have stuck with a safe vodka or gin and tonic. They have live music and the place gets pretty crowded late in the evening. If it's a warm night there is seating outdoors which would be nice since it's right by the ocean.
I was working with a buddy in daytona and he remembered this place as being pretty cool so we checked it out.  I love the location and feel, and the service was great.  I only drank beer (not much of a cocktail guy) so I can't really say anything about those.  The food was also actually pretty good for the small menu.  I really just can't think of anything I didn't like about the place...good things.
Happy hour drinks were absolutely delish. Great location with one of the best DJs I've heard by far. Atmosphere was really fun but can get loud in the inside. Outside seating preferable for conversations.
Unlike the other reviewers I had quite an awful experience at Mai Tai's.  Let's start with the positive however.  First, the place is right on the beach and has a nice atmosphere.  It was dimly lit and had a live musician playing old rock hits.  He was actually quite good.  The seats are set up around a dance floor, which by 9:00pm had a decent amount of people dancing.  Pretty good.  If it wasn't for the events that happen next I would have given the place 3, possibly 4 stars. The first negative thing that happened isn't that big of a deal, but really?  I ordered a Manhattan, which is a very simple drink to make.  It comes out in a wine rose, sans stem, on the rocks with no cherry.  I instantly knew I was in trouble.  I tasted the concoction which was completely undrinkable.  So I sent it back for a beer and the manager took the drink off my tab. The next series of events is completely unacceptable however.  I ordered a drink called a Lava Flow(basically a pina-colada with real strawberrys mixed in.  Hey, the place is on the beach, sue me).  Anyways, about halfway through the drink I go to chew into what I think is a piece of strawberry and *!@**@#CRUNCH*@!#*!!@.  My tooth is instantly sore, and I assume I just bit into a strawberry seed.   So, I spit out what it I expect to be a seed and it's actually GLASS.  Excuse my CAPS but WHAT!?!  I have never actually eaten glass before, as I'm not in the circus.  So I start wigging out a bit that I might have swallowed larger pieces of glass and didn't notice.   Anyways, I call the manager over who is some mindless kid and tell him what happens.  All he does is offer another round of drinks!!  I couldn't believe it.  I'm pretty done and say we don't want anymore drinks.  So he takes the drink off the bill and an additional $6.00.  Not to be a pain, but this guy is a moron.  I've been in the restaurant industry for 10 years and if a customer ATE GLASS AND CHEWED ON GLASS AND SPIT IT OUT AND SHOWED IT TO ME I would comp the whole bill.  I was completely appalled. The moral of the story is if you go here, be careful or you might end up with internal bleeding.  Have fun! ;)
Location was nice and scenic. Drinks were pretty good. The menu was very limited. Food was okay.  Pet peeve was the off the clock employees sitting next to us drinking and smoking, some still even in uniform. Not very professional.
Walked into this place kind of by accident. I was having dinner at the neighboring Bubba Gump restaurant and on my way out I saw people going in and out of the door and heard some music. I decided to venture in and check it out. The crowd was a mixed crowd. I saw everything from the middle aged person to the young just turned 21 crowd. It seemed to appeal more to the tourist based on location (I include myself in this group). The music was pretty good, a cover of some classic rock, alternative and punk. I checked out the drink menu and it had a variety of tropical mixed drinks that were decently priced. There is a regular happy hour time and a late happy hour time, which works out well for those who like to get a discounted drink after dinner. The drinks never tasted too strong so they were very drinkable and I was very capable of having multiple servings. The beer selection isn't the best but I'm guessing if you're out by the beach, more people would be looking for the tropical mixed drinks. The service on the other hand could definitely be better. The waitresses took longer than usual to actually take your order and if you were done with your first drink and wanted another, it was just quicker to go up to the bar rather than waiting for the table service. It's an appeal to have waitresses in short skirts and high heels, but maybe they should give a lesson on how to take the order cause I really don't need to see your stuff when you squat down to take my order. The calamari is pretty good although a bit on the salty side. I did like the chicken satay skewers. The shrimp ceviche was nothing to brag about. All in all, location is convenient especially if you're on vacation because it's easy to find and you know there will always be people inside.
Pretty great bar. Daily live music or DJ on the weekends.  Food is great and so is happy hour. Can get packed. Hit or miss with getting indoor seating.
Great drinks, great atmosphere, great location!
This place is unbelievable, I'm still confused about how they are still in business.  My wife and I went there on our honeymoon expecting a nice dinner and some drinks, and we got nothing of the sort.  The drinks came then they wanted us to pay for those on the spot or leave a card (never had that happen when dinner is also being ordered) so we left a card, then the entree came before the appetizer, then after bitching the appetizer came when I asked for it to be canceled.  So now was the decision on which should get eaten and which should go cold.  Well we chose the wrong one, because the spinach artichoke dip was absolutely DROWNING in oil, so much so that it made my wife sick and me go straight home to brush my teeth.  After bringing this to the managers attention he offered us nothing off the bill and basically told us to get bent. DON'T EAT HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Drinks are good, decently strong. Great choices in Mai Tai's. Waitresses wear very short skirts so its quite enticing. Fast service. Didn't have food so no opinion.
Good bar!  Good patio!  Good service!  Very reasonable prices for a beach bar.  The live music when I was there was very good.  Good music you can kick back and relax to.  FYI, just don't order a beer from one waitress and then order your second beer from another one.... That is unless you want to see a cat fight!  Prrrrr!!
Not a bad place to grab a beer and sit by the ocean. Can see how it could get touristy on certain nights.
Good Martini's and a good place to go out as a group or if your just in town visiting. Not a good place to have a quiet evening. The music is always a little too loud, but i must say the drinks NEVER fail. Nice atmosphere and pretty good location. I love being able to see the water from the exterior/patio seating.
Great appraisers and small bites. Good happy hour specials.
Amazing happy hour!
Probably one of my favorite places to chill out. You sit outside in very comfy furniture and just listen to the ocean and watch it! They get bands in which is fun and they serve the best drinks! I really like their martinis and I love the tiki torches after dark!
I came to Daytona Beach back a few years ago ( 2006-07?) and stopped by the Ocean Walk area to check out the giant sand castle pavilion on the beach (historic band-shell). I had a great time as the drinks were strong n cheap, and the service was friendly. I believe I was there on a Friday and they had a band called DeManufacture playing. They did a 13 minute long jam of Ted Nugents "Stranglehold" and finished with a medley of Guns n Roses. Not exactly dance music, but the kind of stuff I like to hear! (no stage though). Fun place, even for a tourist just passing through.
As I frequent bars often and usually with a large group of friends this place in general is not that bad. Yes it is a tourist trap because it is in the tourist section of Daytona but, no its not expensive so it balances out in all. The beer and drink specials are great and the outside seating gives you a great view of the beach. The age groups there vary from people most likely sneaking in with a fake ID to people who are soo old that their ID is most likely still made of paper. So in that since you get a little of everything. I read a post earlier being upset with having to speak with white trash locals, well in that case you might want to avoid Daytona in general if your afraid of that type of local. Locals are harmless and it gives the area a certain culture that's comical at times. All I wanted to say is that this bar is cheap and has a classier atmosphere than most.
The drinks are well made and strong. The food selection is trendy, but not too outside of what normal people might eat. The ambiance was really nice, especially in the evening with the torches going and nice lighting. Prices are a bit high for a bar, IMO. The outdoor seating area is a little cramped, and the bathroom arrangement is very strange. You actually have to go next door to Bubba Gump to use a restroom. Outside of that, they have very attractive waitresses.
Perfect place for a relaxing evening.  The deck overlooks the bandshell.  The chairs are comfortable and the live music is fun.  Prices were reasonable, especially considering the view.  We didn't eat so I can't speak to that.  The lava flow was pretty tasty though.
Awesome Happy Hour! Great food, great service. Our servers are always very attentive and helpful. The food is unbelievable for the prices. They have an extensive drink menu, which I can say, I have sampled many of, and all of them were delicious. Hands down the best happy hour in Daytona beach.
