I like this place. Good location, next to plenty of other bars. They have good drink specials on the weekends before midnight. The balcony and outdoor seating areas are nice. Pool, dancing and beer pong. Good times!!
This place has definitely turned itself around from a few years ago.  Used to be crazy expensive even though it was always dead.  Now, the drink prices are on par with what they should be for the area and they have no cover usually 1 weekend night a week...never really understood covers for over-21 anyway, because you'll be buying drinks, but whatever.  Not a bad place to hang out now.
Doesnt get busy until close to midnight. Plenty of creepy dudes to choose from. Ha! Its fun if youre with youre friends. Drinks are good. Go here to boogie in the dark.
I'm sure the location of the club speaks for itself, if not the default picture.  However, ...   I don't frequent the Daytona area often.  I chose 509 lounge because well, I didn't really even choose it I was forced to go with a friend so, yeah. Anyways, Supervillians were playing, a bunch of people were going wild, Some guy was drunk outside getting arrested, I mean it sounds pretty cool right?    I will say this, it WAS cool, up until a guy pretty much ate some other dude's face off to get over to me . Upon his drunken stumble onto me he chose to talk 3 inches away from my face as I waited about 15 minutes to get a drink at a bar with 13 people and two very slow bar tenders. Shortly after that pleasant experience I slip away and decide to check out what fine bachelor's the up stairs had to offer. I'm pretty sure about 8 girls could have had full on rape cases, 4 of which may or may not have been hookers so I guess it didn't really matter. I looked to a shadowy left corner and some guy was puking on himself, the interior decor looked as if that may have been an improvement.    As I walked out some kid who was about 5 inches taller than Garry Coleman wearing a fedora was screaming in some other kid's face. This lasted about 30 minutes until neither of them swung and both realized they were idiots and walked away with the whole cast of 16 and pregnant.  So in all fairness I have to say it was probably some of the best people watching I've ever experienced but the drinks were far too expensive so I won't be returning. Did I mention it was $15.00 to get in? That should have been first
This was a cute little upscale-ish nightclub spot that reminds me of Mark's in Jacksonville. My experience was much nicer than my friend who got hit on by some dude that thought he was gangster and was hoping she was too. Oh joy...Lol. It didn't help when we went upstairs and another dude was talking her ear off so much she couldn't dance to the music no more. But hey at least both dudes were respectful and friendly. As for eyecandy, looks like the same people you'd see in Jacksonville...errr.. Haha. Age ranged from lots of younger 20 somethings to a few older peoples. Bartenders were cool and friendly, and the atmosphere was really nice. The music was a great selection of the standard Top 40 stuff and some other catchy jams I haven't heard before. I'd go back.
Great place to have a good time with friends. Inside bar and dance floor to turn the party up. Excellent bottle service if you're celebrating a special occasion.  Outside bar and patio area provides great atmosphere to relax, watch a game on the giant projector. Must stop in if your in Daytona. The highlight of Seabreeze nightlife.
509 Lounge is awesome! Great location in beachside Daytona, close to food, shopping and other famous nightlife. Huge front patio with outside bar and entertainment nightly. Luxurious location inside with huge VIP area upstairs. Can't wait for the restaurant to re-open in November! (Disclosure: I am an owner and manager at this establishment)
How professional is it to give your customers the Middle finger? Yep, thats what happened last night. One of the bartenders flipped my friend off for waving at him to get a drink. Will never return and will spread the word about this establishment. If I could give zero stars I would.
I wish I could give negative ratings. Go here at your own risk. Being a college student in Daytona I've been here a lot of times, especially since they specifically hire bartenders/bouncers who can get their friends to come. But I've never found anything impressive about 509. It looks pretty nice, but if you want good drinks or good food then I'd recommend pretty much anywhere else. It's generally the only place in Daytona that charges a cover. I will NEVER go back after a couple weekends ago because the bartender was too busy talking to people to make me a drink, so I had to wait a ridiculous amount of time even after I got her attention and told her what I wanted. The drink turned out to be disgusting and nearly undrinkable. For her horrible service I didn't tip her. When I saw my bank statement a couple weeks later, I discovered a $29 charge from 509! Apparently the bartender added her own tip by editing my receipt. This was in addition to the $10 cover I paid to get in. I've tried to fight the charge but I didn't save my receipt so there's nothing they will do. If you'd like to pay a total of $39 to listen to an average dj and drink something disgusting then go for it. Otherwise, AVOID.
I am a fan on friday nights cause of DJ Judah, love the music he plays!
I love this place 2nd to Razzles. It's a very cool set-up, think South Beach and it's alot of fun when you go upstairs to dance. Downstairs and outside is super cool if you just wanna chill with friends and be able to hear yourselves. It's not overy expensive and the bartenders try their hearts out
I like this place. The wait staff when I went was fast and the mixer-rail was CHEEEAAP compared to some of the other places around. Both floors were really lively and had great music! The outdoor drinking patio is also nice to watch the antics below. A great place to enjoy the nice weather under the night and a good drink.
The place itself, is actually great! its a White older style looking beach home. There are two floors, First floor being their Lounge area from what it seems to me, when it is not packed a really great area to hangout and have drinks. Upstairs to me becomes tricky. Tight is the first word that comes to mind with the very small stairway up stairs to a very crowded dance floor. I cant say I stayed upstairs long enough to be able to order a drink. I enjoy being outside so I must say if you enjoy being outside as well then I suggest you stay outside. They have a full bar that can fit at least 30+ standing. Being that you are in Daytona, a summer night is usually pretty comfortable for being outside. Before I forget, the only reason I gave this one star is because all of the underage kids that I see drinking, and that doesn't really mix well with me, PLUS the $15 cover in Daytona is a bit confusing in my eyes. Oh and also one of the drunken bartenders or managers (much to small to be security) I had witnessed at another bar a little while after my visit to 509 was yelling and threatening another customer. If you're going to pull that shit, I don't suggest doing it in your work shirt... :(
