Without a doubt this is our most favorite  place.  Food is always outstanding, service is impeccable, staff is always upbeat and friendly. Best food in town! 5 Star
Nice service and GREAT Happy Hour Specials - 1/2 off wine until 7pm! We enjoyed a couple delicious glasses of wine which was a highlight though I wish they had some non-split sparkling on the menu. We split the ceviche which was not a highlight. It tasted very much like barbecue which was offputting, I guess I expected a more acidic taste. For my entree, I ordered the scallops which were excellent and surprisingly filling due to the pollenta cakes. I would get this again. Overall it was a nice experience : )
This is an excellent restaurant that has been around for years and I always drive by.  Well I finally tried it, and loved it.  If you go at happy hour and sit at bar, they have 1/2 price glasses of wine and $5 appetizer menu.   At your table you can get the 1/2 price glasses of wine.  The staff was friendly.  The restaurant is extremely loud.  They need to install sound dampeners.   The menu is creative and every item was full of flavor.  We started with the brie topped with fig chutney. It had sliced apples and crackers for dipping in the warm brie.  It was $12 and a very small piece of brie, but very tasty. I had a house salad which was romaine lettuce, walnuts, tomato, goat cheese and a yummy vinaigrette.  My entrée was the Sonoma Chicken for $15 and included one side.  The chicken was juicy and topped with goat cheese and a lemony sauce.  Underneath it was creamed cauliflower!  IT didn't have cheese, but was still rich and creamy.  I also ordered a side of black bean corn cakes.  They come with two and have a little spicy mexican flavor to them.   My mom had the short rib entrée. This was AMAZING!  So tender and full of flavor and not too fatty.  It was served with warm cherry tomatoes and creamy mashed potatoes.   For dessert we had a brownie smores and a pineapple upside down cake.  The portions were a good portion for 1-2 people.   Overall, it was a great experience. You want to make a reservation because this place gets packed. You may want to sit upstairs to see if it is quieter.
Once again, we had a fabulous evening at SoNapa! We had Amanda as our server, always spot in! There when you need her, never hovering,  or rushing! We tried some of the new menu items, stuffed meatballs, mango thai edamame,  and the lobster tacos. All were great! Totally recommend those lobster tacos for a new twist on fish tacos! Adam was there to make sure everything was perfect, and is the perfect host. This place never disappoints,  and we can take anyone here. ...business or pleasure!!! Thank you for another great night!!!
Best scallop dish I've ever had with bleu cheese...The shrimp and grits were phenomenal but I heard they took them off the menu! Bring it back as a special please!!!
I was planning my birthday weekend and checking out some possible places. I had been here before and was impressed right away by the passion and hustle of all the employees, so this made my list of places to check out. So I made this my first stop, intending just to have a drink and maybe an appetizer at each place. The hostess, confident and friendly, sat me right away, up front. The server arrived in less than a minute and explained the specials. I ordered my wine and told her I probably was just going to have an app,  she continued to smile and said she would be right back (bonus points, must servers sulk when they find the table will be low $) While enjoying my wine and app I noticed how the servers working the upstairs section would run, yes run up the stairs. To an old restaurant guy this is very impressive, (if you are in the business you'll understand). So had my app and wine and decided to have an entree as well just because of the positive vibe in the place. Everything was excellent and decided this would be the place for my birthday party. I spoke with the manager, again a very confident and helpful guy. I asked if a certain server still worked there that I knew from my restaurant days, he said he did (another good sign, employees that stay) and I requested him for my birthday dinner. So night of my birthday we show up, they have the large table set up for my group, in the upstairs section, on time as promised. Long story short, food, drinks, service, timing, everything perfect. Even as rowdy as we got, the servers made it all work. Definitely will be a regular stop on my beach days from now on!
The new chef Eric is bringing a flavor sensation to sonapa. I had the steak & sea bass duo with blueberry mashed potatoes. Might sound odd but you have to try it. I paired it with a nice red blend. Mmmnn I can not go back soon enough. Waiter was excellent very caring and attentive.
I first visited So Napa Grille when they were located in the Publix Plaza down from Off The Hook. It was a much smaller restaurant and although this location is much roomier and much nicer I think they lost some of the original ambience. The food has always been great and today I think they have managed to maintain that quality. The Atlas Salad is my favorite salad it's a twist on a wedge salad using romaine it's very nice. I've eaten most of their entrees and have never been disappointed including the meatloaf. I feel safe ordering anything on the menu. The service has been hit or miss otherwise I would of given them another star but they can't seem to manage this problem I don't recall ever seeing the manager on the floor one review stated the manager is one of the cooks that's a conflict and is a poor business decision. I think the service prevents some of our friends from ever wanting to go back. The parking can also be a issue on the weekends there is parking across the side street that appears to be legal to park you may want to check so you don't get towed.
We came here for my boyfriend's dad's 70 th birthday.  Wonderful ambience, great service, and amazing food,  3 of us had the filet with the blue cheese sauce.  Expertly cooked and tender.  One was a little undercooked and they immediately corrected it. Great flavor to the filets.  We were able to have the half price wine by the glass since we dined before 7 pm.  Great wine at a good price.  The scallops were tender and juicy.   for dessert, the warm chocolate bundt cake with the lava center and cherry sauce was just  divine.  Overall  a wonderful celebration dinner.
A group of four of us visited So Napa this past weekend and I can say.... all of us were impressed with the food and service! After our GPS took us to our old location, we were almost 15 minutes late to our reservation, but were seated immediately. Our waiter Russell, was awesome! He was beyond knowledgeable of the food and wine, and also had us entertained through our entire meal. The food was delicious, everything was cooked perfectly. Needless to say, even after sharing two apps, soup and each of us getting our own entree's, there was nothing left to take home. It was that good! Can't wait to make it back!
Had heard great things but we're very disappointed. Understaffed, food was average at best.
Nice little place in an area that is not too crowded. Russell was an excellent waiter and pointed us towards some great picks. Do not leave this place without trying the shrimp and grits. Others at the table had the Cesar salad, flat bread and sliders, all were good. We sat upstairs, which was perfect and the noise level was no problem. The cocktails were good too! We will be back.
Incredible food, great atmosphere, knowledgeable wait staff.  Clean, great music.  INCREDIBLE wine.
I came to this place after a Paddleboard Orlando race in NSB. The owner of So Napa is also the Mayor of NSB and one of the coolest people I've met in awhile. He's one of those people who have a glowing aura around them you can't help but enjoy. The atmosphere of this place is elegant yet fun. The outdoor seating is really cozy and they've got some great wines and napa beers to quench your thirst. I ordered a few appetizers and the fresh catch of the day. Everything was very well made and our waiter was on top of his game making sure we enjoyed everything. I had a spectacular meal and can't wait till this restaurant comes to Maitland next year!!
I have to laugh after last night...I am positive that the owner (being the Mayor of NSB) does not read these reviews!  We go to So Napa ALL THE TIME, year round. Not because the food is exceptional, because it's good.  Last night we had a reservation at 8:00 and we we're seated at 8:20. As we waited a couple came in and asked how long the wait was. The hostess had stepped away and the hopeless Manager said I don't know.  I said, 45 min. They were ready to leave and I told them to sit at the bar. The food was great and well worth it.  They stayed and the manager thanked me. I watched the manager do absolutely nothing all night and as we were leaving I motioned to the manager to go over to the couple and ask them how their dinner was. He said"good idea".  Really?  I'm telling you that you need an effective manager!!! You can't get by with ok food.  This happens every time we come. The waitress are not usually very nice but we are good tippers  inspire of the service.   The food is ok but that's it.  The owner should know that people that come down for the winter expect better service and better management.
I'm a big fan of So Napa as they have brought a classy place to NSB.  Originally located in the Publix  shopping center, they've moved over to a lovely new location but brought the charm and class with them. The menu is varied with a lot of tasty dishes...don't miss one of the flatbeds...in fact you could make a meal on just the and the wine! A few of us at our table ordered the apple salad which was terrific, and my petite filet was just perfect.  I went for the blue cheese topping, which was excellent but a little strong...next time I'll ask for it on the side. The music was a little loud when we were there, which didn't really jive with the ambiance, but was adjusted quickly. Service was great, food and wine all excellent.  Can't wait to return!
Great happy hour menu & wine on a Sunday. We will certainly come back. Food quality is fantastic for the small plates and a great value. Comfortable atmosphere.
Bad service. Mediocre food and wine. Staff is not helpful and won't be going back intentionally.
We come to this area on vacation every new year and always struggle to find a nice place to eat for NewYears Eve. We finally found one.  SoNapa was a nice sophisticated break from fish house/beach bum/tiki bar norm that tends to dominate dining out in this area. The food was very good. Try the flat breads, they are the bomb. Prices are fair and the service was on point.
One of our favorite restaurants in town.  Great steaks, salmon and salads. Can't beat it or the service !!!
I'm torn about this place.  It was very comfortable and wine at $2.75 a glass during happy hour is a pretty good deal.  We had flat breads and salads and it was all good but nothing was great.  The most disturbing thing was that someone thought they should play an entire Eagles concert on all the TV's in the place.  Now there may be a couple of Eagles songs that I like but I really don't want to be inundated with those insipid songs throughout my evening out.  I mean really... life is too short to waste on an entire evening with the Eagles!  Vary the music and I may come back.
Nice menu choices.  Professional wait staff.  Can be really noisy near the bar.
(07/30/2010) Nice selection of mid-range, Calfornia wines.  Frequently updated, seasonal small plates.  Tried the Yountsville artichoke dip, creamy enough (small portion), savory with parmesan; Knights Valley flat bread (delicious mix of savory beef, sharp blue cheese, sweet carmelized onions, with a little acid from the balsamic drizzle); tuna sashimi, your now-familar seared tuna steak with the usual sushi fixings (soy, wasabi, pickled ginger), serviceable.  Cozy, dimly lit, seems like a place your first date would take you.  Something a little different for NSB.
The Russian River flatbread was delicious! And the special lollipop lamb chops were excellent. Great meal.
Great food. Great service. The best place in NSB!
Went to the fall wine tasting dinner last night.  The owner Brad and his lovely wife were our hosts.  Four course dinner with a blind wine tasting contest for each course.  The person who was able to correctly name the wine won a bottle of it.  The food was amazing (they graciously accommodated my vegan menu request) and the service and atmosphere were outstanding.  Looking to come back to this gem in the near future!
Good food and nice ambiance but service is not good.  Had to wait for over an hour on a Saturday night.  Parking is also very limited.
Delightful evening with my wife and her parents. The menu is great. Ambiance is very nice with clean lines and vaulted ceiling, but it is a bit noisy. We had the signature salad (fresh and crisp, side salad-size, just right. This is a bit overpriced ala cart, but cheap to add on to an entré) and the lobster bisque (rich, flavorful) for appetizers. For mains: Sonoma Farms Chicken juicy with nice flavors and not too much sauce; Meatloaf, which is a very personal thing, was okay but preferred ketchup to the fancy sauce; Chicken ravioli which was perfectly cooked, covered in rich, creamy alfredo-tomato sauce; vegan flat-bread that they created for me off-menu with onions, mushrooms, spinach with a balsamic reduction -- loved it. We also loved the sweet-potato tater-tots with truffle oil (don't waste these on children). Crème brûlée cheesecake with a lovely crust and ample size to share. The server was very good, but the pace was too slow (we arrived at 7 and didn't get our entrées until after 8). Definitely will return!
Best place in New Smyrna to eat. Love the Pineapple Upside down Cake. Wine is excellent, service has always been good and atmosphere is good. The new Sonoma Farms Chicken was fabulous.
We have been dining at SoNapa for several years now.  SoNapa has been one of our favorite restaurants since our first visit (5 years ago).  We can always count on a great meal, great atmosphere and also great service.  We are also very happy with the new location.  I especially LOVE the salmon, but recently had a Mahi dish and loved that as well.
The place has a nice ambiance. The food is good (not amazing, but good.) After waiting over an hour to be seated... as it was clearly understaffed, the pace once we sat down was not any better. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees that came out well - cooked but took a long time. Never a peep from a manager, or a comped or discounted meal for our inconvenience and FOREVER time waiting to sit and for our food!! Oh, and then at the end of the meal we split our bill. One cash and the other credit. Waited for the receipt from the cash.... never came.... notified the manager.... who insisted there wasn't a second receipt! It wasn't the waitress's fault... We were waiting for that receipt to tip her! The manager never apologized for his mistake, or our wait for the food. Won't be back. Sadly, it was one of the only better options in New Smyrna. Back to Norwoods we go.... though it isn't much better food wise. I guess you have to choose slow service at SoNapa and a RUDE manager, or crappy food at Norwoods.... I'd be open to any better suggestions to eat while over there.
