If you're in the mood for a delicious sandwich for lunch, be sure to stop into The Shores Festhaus. This place has some seriously awesome items on the menu! My favorite is the Cajun Dutchman. Thinly sliced ham, roast beef and bacon with smoked gouda cheese and their special cajun sauce, all put together on pumpernickel bread. This sandwich is explosive with flavor! If you don't like spicy foods much, then ask them to go light on the cajun sauce. This sandwich is a must-try!
Great beer selection, awesome sandwiches. I will make it a point to stop by this place every time I'm in the area.
From Chicago and love the craft beer/food scene there, but I honestly must say this is my favorite establishment I've ever been to. The only thing better than their fresh sliced high stacked delicious sandwiches is the beer selection. The owner/barkeep is awesome as well. I've gone here three days in a row to eat... That almost never happens in my life.
This place is a well kept secret. Looks scary from the outside, but a cool hipster spot. The regulars park in the back. I parked there tonight and felt much cooler than usual. Food is okay. I don't love that they microwave anything served hot. So order something cold if you're going to eat here. But hands down, best place to get a craft beer beachside for sure.
The Fest Haus is deceivingly awesome. Nested between a laundromat and Win Dixie, you never expect to find one of the finest beer and sandwich establishments in the area. I have yet to find another bar that offers a better beer selection in the area. You can find beers from all corners of the country (Dead Man Ale, Bells, Dog Fish Head, etc). The place is geared towards surfers. It's got a really cool & hip beach vibe, decked out in autographed surfer pics. Should've snapped some pictures. The food menu is basically a variety of clubs, served warm or cold. Very tasty! If you enjoy good beer, this place will be worth your trip.
Great bartender and great beer and soft pretzels. Much more hip on the inside. Jukebox and comfortable atmosphere .
Stopped in to the Shores Festhaus yesterday afternoon for a few pints. And to my surprise... Hacker Pschorr Oktoberfest on tap!! This place is really cool, tons of beers and pretty good beer specials from 7-10pm daily. The owners were real friendly and are super knowledgeable about all the beers!! They also serve some pretty good stacked sandwiches, I had one called the "Cajun Dutchman" and have to say it was delicious! So if ur around the area I highly recommend this cool little bar!!
The outside will make you wonder, but if you are looking for great beer you must try this place!   I had a draft Two Handed IPA and it was by far the best and freshest tasting beer I've had in a long time.  The bar tender was friendly and the atmosphere cozy.
Great sandwiches and cold beer!!! Just down the street where the locals meet!!
If you are looking for a laid back bar with a wide selection of beer, then look no further. Daytona Beach Festhaus (formerly Bernkastel Festhaus in the Hilton Hotel) is a small, beachside bar on A1A in Daytona Beach Shores. They offer a very extensive selection of beer and a sandwich menu. Prices are very reasonable. Service is very good.
Finding a bar with a fabulous menu of Tap beers is always a treat. FInding a bar with a staggering bottle menu is being like a kid in a candy shop.  Finding a bar with a great Tap and Bottle menu with sandwiches that are really the best I have had in years is unique and a treasure.  Jeff the barman is knowledgeable and the owner a very friendly beer guy. If you like casual dining with awesome beer then Festhaus is a must visit.   Don't let the strip mall location fool you.
