This place is pleasantly surprising. I'm not generally one for big chain restaurants, but this one is most certainly my favorite. All of the menu items are interesting and delicious. I've been here 6 or 7 times now, and I've ordered something different each time, and each time I'm more and more impressed. How can a big chain restaurant be this good?! The servers and staff are great! Always helpful and friendly. One of the best qualities of this place is the happy hour! Monday thru Friday, 4pm-6pm and Sunday thru Thursday, 9pm-close, they have discounted drinks or all kind, and half priced appetizers. You really can't beat it! I always find myself wanting to come back!
Unpleasant experiaence - will never stop there again. 2 out of 4 of us disliked the food. He had the Shrimp Quesadila, I had an Indian Chicken Curry Rice Bowl. - Not sure what part of the chicken they used but I don't think it's the part that should ever be eaten... Bad rice, bad veggies, doctored up with lame curry flavoring - I've had Rice-A-Roni flavored rice that was way better! At the conclusion of the meal, I stopped in the restroom to wash the filth off my hands. I was greeted by an overwhelming stench of urine. There was urine all over the floor. The trash can was overflowing. - Truly, a disgusting finish to a disgusting meal... At least they were consistent! These guys are doing a disservice to the Bahamas - nowhere in the Bahamas have I ever been to a restaurant as revolting as this was. For what it's worth - prices were on the high side - but then again, any amount that they charged for the swill they served was way overpriced.
Overview: I have never seen a Bahama Breeze and was recommended to try the place out. Went for dinner. Positives: Everything from the atmosphere, music, and HH specials were done very well. The pasta ordered had a very tasty lobster and shrimp sauce. The prices were very reasonable. Negatives: My biggest complaint is the server we had. From the moment we sat down, they seemed to want us to leave. They came every minute asking if we knew what we wanted to order and every minute after the food was brought out to us to see if "everything was ok." Once we were finished eating I was asked by our server multiple times if we wanted dessert or the check should be brought out. The experience was very rushed and unenjoyably. Verdict: Bahama Breeze is a unique chain with good food choices and a nice setting. They need to work on training there servers a little more for me to come back however.
Horrible staff, waited 20 min and monday even came to greet us or take our drink order. They just lost regular local business.
Giant bar that covers both indoor & outdoor seating. Lots of drink specials. They even have a special beer brewed just for them. Food was excellent. I had the Seafood Paella, YUM!!! Service was good. Live music certain nights.
I have fast become a fan of this place it's very clean the service has always been very good and I have never had a bad lunch or dinner so far. I just tried the shrimp & grits and it was very good !
It isnt easy to find something semi original in the touristy town of Daytona, but even though Bahama Breeze is a chain, its pretty great food.  This location was even better than others.  The highlight was the Dulce de leche cheesecake and we had started with the tuna stack.  The latter being n appetizer where a tuna tartar is layered with tortilla chips.  The live music was excellent as well
Great service and great food! We were greeted and promptly seated by the hostess, who introduced us to our server as she approached the table. We looked at the menu, and had a few questions, which the server answered and seemed very knowledgeable of the menu items. Drinks  were refilled promptly before the ever went empty and the food had excellent flavors. It was prepared as we requested and as the server suggested based on our questions and dietary needs. WE even ordered a desert, and she brought it with enough plates and spoons for sharing! We would highly recommend this restaurant!
We decided to stop here to get a break from the rain at the Speedway for the Coke Zero 400 Race. We were immediately sat and greeted by our very friendly server. We love Bahama Breeze so it was an easy choice. The only negative I can mention is how poorly made the drinks were. My first margarita came with "friends" floating in it, I explained I didn't want the bartender to just "strain" it out, which our server mentioned the bartender tried to do. When the second drink arrived it was extremely weak so we had to order shots on the side. Our server was great! She had a great personality and sense of humor, wish I could remember her name. The food all came out in record time and was cooked perfectly. We were all Very  happy with our late lunch and brief escape from the downpours. We will continue to eat at Bahama Breeze Restaurants during our travels.
It was good. I had an attentive waitress. I was dining alone. They were very friendly. My food took a bit of time but overall I liked it. My food was good. I wasn't WOWed or anything. I will return though so I can try the drinks as well. This is great for tourists that don't want to venture into the unknown local spots.
Bleh. And bland. We had yet to try a Bahama Breeze restaurant and were hoping for some good seafood with an Island-y twist. Instead, it was an uninspired menu pumping out tasteless food. We couldn't find meals on the menu that interested us so we decided to order a bunch of small plates and appetizers to share, which is something we often do. Our food came out in under 10 minutes, which always makes me wary of the quality. I don't know how someone serves up that many different items in such a short time span... Anyway, we ordered: -Skillet Simmered Jerk Shrimp ("Large shrimp in a garlic-thyme butter with warm Cuban bread for dunking"), which is probably the best thing we ordered. It had a good amount of heat and the bread was fresh. -Beef Empanadas ("Handmade pastries filled with savory beef and potatoes"). Dry and flavorless. The apple chutney and sour cream served with it helped. -Crispy Onion Rings ("A heaping mountain of rings, hand-made with Panko breading and shredded coconut flakes"). The batter was good, but the onions were nearly inedible.  You couldn't bite the onion apart, or even cut it with a knife! I don't know why the onions were so tough but it made it hard to eat, as the onion rings were huge and popping the entire thing in your mouth wasn't an option. It was served with supermarket honey mustard. -Conch Fritters ("Original Key West-inspired recipe"). Okay, nothing special. Not much flavor. Served with more supermarket honey mustard. -Crispy Yuca Fries ("Lightly drizzled with truffle oil"). Yuca is a starchy root vegetable and in this presentation, tastes exactly like potato. They were served thick and fried and were okay. I couldn't taste any truffle oil, which is a shame because I love truffle oil. They were served again, with supermarket honey mustard. Our server was friendly and attentive enough, probably 3/5 stars. He did make the "Wow, you guys did pretty good for how much food you ordered!" comment when we were finished. We just had to laugh and I know it was meant innocently enough, but really... hahah. Overall, service and cleanlieness of the restaurant was good. Food was just too tasteless. i didn't enjoy anything I ate and what is the point of that?
This is a great place to stop for an afternoon or evening meal, drinks or snacks. Dine either indoors or out on the covered deck. Definitely try the weekday afternoon half price special drinks or appetizers. Some of my appetizer faves are the Jerk Shrimp, Coconut Shrimp, any of the Slider plates and the their Mountain of Onion Rings.  Also try the Aruba Red beer. Add to that, the steel drum music on the patio deck and you'll quickly get into that "island Mood."   Be sure to arrive early for the early bird specials because the patio fills up quickly when the weather is good. Bon Apetité! "life's too short for bland food, bad wine, weak coffee or cheap whiskey" Ray
I love there food! The best rendition of a Caribbean touch. Wait staff was friendly. Clean restaurant. Great prices.
Fell way below our expectations and didn't match up to other locations I have been to around the country. Jeremy was our server he did a great job delivering below par food not his fault he was great. We were very disappointed the with the food quality and the value is not at the level of the prices. App- Chips with spinach and artichoke dip not warm and had a weird bitter bite the chips were stale and the cold plantain chips isn't a nice touch. Entrees - I had the Applewood Bacon Cheddar Cheese Burger it was just okay it won't be anything I will be craving anytime soon. My GF ordered the Shrimp and Sausage Creole basically some rice, tomato sauce with some bland veggies and green olives ( very odd not a good mix and we love olives) absolutely not spicy the server brought over some hot sauce that didn't really help it. I don't see myself going back maybe to meet friends for drinks before leaving and going to dinner somewhere else.
Our server, Jeremy, was very solicitous. Husband & I had the onion rings appetizer - nicely done, with a coconut breading, and a satisfying portion. I had the Mahi-Mahi special, wood grilled with butter & lemon. It was served with butter on top & a lemon wedge and was woefully undercooked. The refire took 15 minutes, and in the meantime my husband finished his turkey burger, which was tasty. When my dish was reserved, there was no sign of a lemon wedge, but it was cooked throughout. These folks need to add a water softener. My wine glasses and the silverware were terribly spotted. Not sure I would return.
Food was amazing! Best fish tacos I've ever had. Service however, terrible. Server was Haley and she acted like we were the worst thing that happened that day because we asked a few questions since we are from California
From start to finish my experience here was fantastic! Was pretty busy at 12pm today but we only waited about 5 min. before being seated. Service was excellent and fast as well as extremely efficient. My dad had just finished his drink when a random waitress (not ours ) walked by and asked to refill it. The food was hot and really yummy. I didn't care for the onion rings though. They were coconut with a mango dipping sauce. Good for shrimp though! lol. The sliders were fantastic and the spinach and artichoke dip was pretty decent. The mousse dessert was a bit sweet for me but good. Our waiter was really friendly without overdoing it. I would definitely go back! Great job guys!
I was so excited when Bahama Breeze came into town - DAB doesn't have a wide variety of restaurants. We waited a month after the location opened in hopes that the kinks would be worked out. Our server was nothing special and she wasn't very attentive nor knowledgeable about the menu. My husband and I shared the house salad, which was large enough for two people as our appetizer. For dinner - I ordered the Key West Fish Tacos wish were okay but the fish (mahi mahi) was overcooked and very dry. The hubs ordered the Jerk Chicken Pasta which was pretty tasty, but, there was nothing "jerk" about it. We definitely want to give BB another try - we will just wait a little longer before we go again.
Went to this place on a whim while scouting Daytona Beach for some lunch. Since I'm in town taking a break from the Arizona desert, seafood and rum sounded mighty tasty. I have never been to this restaurant chain before and was surprised by the atmosphere. Although they were trying to go with the Bahama gimmick it still had an upscale feel. They have an extensive, and I mean extensive, list if specialty cocktails that looked appealing to any tourist. I went with the Dark N' Stormy a classic Bermuda drink which had a nice healthy dose of rum. Prices were moderate to expensive and the Coconut Shrimp was stellar! Try the hummus too for a good starter.  Overall, a satisfying experience.
This is one of the newest Bahama Breeze in the area. This location is huge!!!
Our party of six (2 children) went there on a Saturday night and were happy that we were able to be seated right away.  Nice looking restaurant but maybe a little dark for a Caribbean style restaurant.  We were all happy with the meals we ordered and portions were more than enough with all of us taking home a doggie bag which rarely occurs in my case.  Though the food tasted good, the main ingredient in most dishes was pasta which makes one wonder about what seems to be awfully high prices for this type of food.  More "cons": no salad, no bread.  There were also some "pros": Very good service, delicious appetizers.  I would go back except for the prices.  Next door is their sister restaurant, Olive Garden -- at least a little more reasonable!
I had a great time at this restaurant. The food was good and the service was excellent!
Bahama Breeze is part of the Red Lobster and Logan's Roadhouse chain group. The seafood is fine, but I thought it was a little pricey. The decor is upscale so that is a clue. You can order a catch of the day, and specify how you want it cooked - grilled or broiled, and with choices of preparation. The coconut shrimp was very good. I had tilapia simply prepared with lemon butter and seasoning. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I would like to return to a Bahama Breeze sometime soon.
Finally in Daytona Beach a Bahama Breeze have driven out of town for years just to eat at them. We visited for lunch today with a large walkin party of ten and were seated quickly and withoit fiss even though the place was busy. The food as always was great I was in the mood for a burger been eating alot of fish lately and felt all red meaty.burger came out hot and delicious and everybody cleaned their plates with little talking which for my family is saying quiye a bit. We even all went for tue deserts which were awesome. take the time and visit we used to go over to the Maitland store and the wait would be an hour to an hour forty five and would gladly wait.
Went last night for the first time. Glad the waitress let us know all about the menu before we ordered. Its was good! I got the Mahi fish tacos and they were good! Definitely worth checking out!
My mom and I visited Bahama Breeze for the first time over Labor Day weekend on my recent trip down. We both enjoyed the food quite a bit, although it was a bit dark inside during our lunch time visit. (Still too hot to eat outside!) I had the coconut shrimp with the seafood chowder, and I was impressed with both. My mom got the fish tacos, which were OK, and the chicken tortilla soup. She didn't love it, but I thought there was a great brightness to the soup -- light and perfect for a warm day. We also got the pina colada bread pudding. It was very sweet, and I enjoyed it even though I'm not the biggest fan of bread pudding. Way too much for one person, though, so it was good that we split it. Definitely a great lunch place, and we didn't wait at all upon arriving at 11:30 a.m. on a Sunday. It did get much more crowded by the time we left, though.
Great Happy hour. Crab stack is my favorite
Stopped in for a small bite to eat. Just had some apps which were fantastic. Wifey had the coconut shrimp and I enjoyed the jerk shrimp with Cuban bread. I must say it was enough to eat for the both of us. Will be back!!
Not very impressive. The food is pricey and not very inspired. The place is obsessed with dumping large amounts of coconut or spice on everything. The food comes out very quick. Makes you wonder on quality. Overall better food to be had in the area for the money.
Heard a lot of this new arrival to Daytona. Seems nice but service was worse and probably on due to single waitress. Spoke with manager and made aware and we ended up leaving. Went next door to Olive Garden and had an awesome meal and service.
This was my second visit. My first was great, this was was so bad I should have talked to a manager. We sat at the bar and ordered a drink and it looked nothing like the one from the menu, but it was good. We has a spill, no napkins at all. Ask for them and it took so long my drink was half gone. My husband still had not gotten his. The bartender said the other bartender call in. But she only had 6 people at bar. What difference did it make if she was the only one. Her problem was the servers hang out at the end of the bar and chit chat and she wanted to be included. She spent more time taking to them than she did working. The smell coming from the bar was nasty. The wells and keg coolers may have need a good cleaning. Thats what it smelled like. The beef rice bowl tasted like it was leftovers from yesterday. It was not fresh in anyway. My husband had the cuban sandwich he said it was fair. This is a shame because this place has such a nice feel and the employees a running it down. When slow season for Daytona comes and locals don't want to go then management will care. It may be a little to late cause Daytona does not lack in food places. For everything to cost as much as it does, the food and service should have been great.
We had lunch there today. My wife and I both had seafood dishes, my wife had the seafood taco and I had a rice bowl with mahimahi It was very good. Our kids had grilled chicken and I think the chicken was overcooked because it was pretty tough and we could not get our 4 year old to eat it. Other than the chicken everything was very good.
Love coming here for Happy Hour, it's 1/2 off appetizers and drinks. Their BahamaRita is always excellent. I tried several diff apps, and loved the crab stack appetizer the most, the dressing, yum, it was perfect. Also the lobster quesadillas were really good too. For a regular dish, their mushroom veggie sandwich (I got the sorbet with fresh fruit along with it rather than french fries - best decision ever made! So good!) with this buttery type of dipping sauce was very good. Had two people try it and now that's one of their fav things to order as well. Only negative I have to say about the place is that I wish there more main dishes that looked interesting on the menu for me to try. But other than that, not much to complain about. I've been here atleast 10x's so far, staff were always friendly, food came out in a timely manner. So go eat on the patio, have a drink with some friends, eat some good food, listen to live music, and enjoy. :)
Great place to eat by the mall.  Inside is darker and quieter than outside.  Each has an atmosphere that will work for anyone to be able to "get away to the islands" without leaving Daytona.  Food and drinks are very well done and reasonable in price.  The staff has always been great.  Since it's opening a few months ago we have been several times.  Each time has been a joy.
The wait staff is always very friendly and attentive.  The Key West Shrimp and Grits are fabulous! One con is the panhandlers in the parking lot.
My first time to a Bahama Breeze- a great menu sparked my attention.  It is probably best absorbed by someone who is familiar with the Caribbean and its various ethnic features.  Food items are easily understood.  I ordered the appetizer consisting of flat crackers, sushi grade tuna and pineapple w/ green onions.  Not at all large, appetizer size.  Good taste!  Friend ordered chicken & tostones, large platter with cheese, mushrooms, peppers, not Puerto Rican mufungo (spelling?) but in the vicinity.  Our server, Debb, was friendly and attentive and didn't become annoyed when I pulled out a gift card as payment.
Below average experience.  Sat ourselves out on the "deck" and had to flag down waitress after 10 min wait.  Ordered app and entrees.   Everything showed after 25 min, still no waters (our requested drinks). App was coconut shrimp and not bad.  Entrees were fair, nothing special.  Wife had pasta dish and I had chipotle beef.  Both were bland.   Has to keep flagging down random servers for any support.  Not good experience.   Not sure if well go back, maybe they need a few months to work bugs out since being new.
