Good home bar.
Nice place if you're looking for some decently priced drinks and a place to get smashed with friends. It was a mixed crowd when we came here - business, close friends, and even hobos. They have a game area next to the bar and a jukebox! Bonus points for having the beatles playing when we arrived! Not much of a dance floor, but there's space for it if your feeling it!
Whooaaaa, something about Daytona Beach that I like! NOW HOW 'BOUT THAT? I'm not Irish, but I tend to drink like I am at times, and I can do it for cheap here and actually be entertained. AMAZING. Flanders plays on Wednesday and is decidedly awesome Among other songs, he sings some Shel Silverstein poems (I know, WAT??), sailor songs, etc in a rowdy-Irish kinda way. There's a lot of singing along. The bartenders are friendly! And my favorite part... drumroll please... IT ISN'T TRASHY UNLIKE EVERY OTHER BAR IN DAYTONA!!!! Praise be to ye beer gods.
Great bar right in the heart of the party district of Daytona! Located right across from Razzles, they have great windows for people watching and observing the floozies wearing platform sandals. It's a two story bar, and I tend to always head upstairs where there are more tables and places to sit. The bartenders all remember me, and they pour a strong a drink for prices you can't beat. The decorations upstairs have a strong Neo European flair with cycling jerseys and art deco prints. Full bar with a great  selection of beers in the bottle and on draft. Only complaint is the lack of ventilation in this smoking allowed bar. Being a smoker, I love a place where I can sit and have a beer and a smoke, I do not however, enjoy sitting in a room where I can barely keep my eyes open because it is so smoky. I wish they would get a better system for moving air in there, or maybe just open a window so I do not come home smelling like bar.
I've been going to Robbie's for years. They truly have their finger on the pulse of Daytona beach. Great beer selection, great atmosphere, and great service make this a winning combination !
Great dive bar centrally located, as many pointed out, across from the Oyster Bar and Razzles. Smoking is allowed so beware if it bothers you as their ventilation system is non-existent. This is a two-story place with a jukebox on each floor. Dark interior downstairs and windows upstairs.  I didn't see anyone dancing; that activity belongs to Razzles. The bartenders are quick to serve you and all manner of people were evident on my visit. I did have to pack my clothes in a laundry bag for the trip home and wash the smoke out of them. For the experience I'd do it again. While I visited on a Thursday night, I think any night it would be worth checking out this place.
A damn good Irish Bar in Daytona Beach, huge Irish Whiskey selection, but I went with my favs Woodford Reserve Bourbon and Sam Adams - two handed drinking to balance my drinking diet.  Doug was our bartender - very friendly and funny, and great service.  We went to the bar upstairs where we drank and smoked till we were good and happy.  It's been a while since I've been in a bar where you can still drink and smoke, that is an old school practice that we don't have in Seattle anymore - but it was good to travel back in time and enjoy.  Would go there again if back in Daytona Beach in the future, thanks Doug, and thanks to Calle from Bubba Gump Shrimp Co for the recommendation. Kyle Nixon SeattleWholesaleMeat.com SeattleMeatCompany.com SeattleMeats.co
Daytona Visitors!  ATTENTION!  If you are looking for a place to hang out and meet the locals while they stumble in from work, this is the place to be! The selection of beer and drinks are excellent AND it will not put a dent in your wallet because every day of the week this awesome Irish Pub has specials.  The bartenders are friendly and are there to help... Can't wait to stumble into this place again the next time I'm in Daytona!
This was a great lil place. Drinks were good. Waitstaff was interactive and fun. The place was crowded. They had un shot specials. There were lots of bars to choose from, glad we picked this one.
Always a good time! This is a local dive in the heart of the beach-side bar scene. Darts and shuffle board if you get there early enough. 75cent PBR on Thursday if you can stomach that, but a great bar with a chill atmosphere anyway!
Non-smokers be aware. Don't wear clothes that you don't want smelling like smoke. Your eyes will burn at some point, too. Other than that, I still frequent this location. Non-pretencious bar on seabreeze, yes, thank you.
.75 cent PBR Pounder on Thirsty Tursdays!  I like the atmosphere but I wish there were more seats (what can you do about that, though?).  I like the Christmas lights but I always come home smelling like an ashtray, which sucks....
I think it must have been dead season but it was pretty much all 21-25ers when I went tonight. Definitely a dive bar....but with the twist of a pretty damned good beer by the bottle list. So.....check your pretension at the door, take a friend or two, and you'll likely be all good here.
Robbie's is a super laid back, nice "pub".  It's not a Miami Dance club and you can definitely go there with a hoody and jeans on. The drink specials are great and they have something different every night. Make sure you ask for Josh if you go in, he's a great bartender and has been there forever. There are two levels, however the 1st floor is the only one open most of the time. There is a pool table and other games there and always a jukebox
A place to drink great beer with a great crowd and enjoy traditional Irish hospitality. Where you will never wait for a drink and your name will surely be remembered.
My guy friends really like this place, they have really good deals on beers some nights, and really cool bar tenders. The only thing i didnt like is that its super smokey and you basically smell like a cigarette when you leave. It seems to b a locals place.
An amazingly fun bar for an out-of-towner who happens to be Irish.  Stumbled in late on a weeknight and the place was rocking.  Great solo irish singer who played the Pogues right off the bat! (heaven if your Irish and drunk).  The selection was good and other than the closet of a bathroom I was thrilled.
For Daytona this place is great.  I really like the old location but the new place is bigger and they have another (Belgian bar) up stairs.  The place has a good selection of beers and a nice mix of local and tourists.  A lot of places in Daytona, especially beach side are cheesy, tacky, biker or tourist not welcome.   Robbie's is none of these things, the best way to describe it is a nice normal bar that could be in Chicago or even NYC, with the exception that the beach is 200yds away.  If your in town or from Daytona I highly recommend going to Robbie's, ring the bell and make lots of new friends.
