Totally awesome grilled oysters! Lots of great beers on tap, and great prices (look for the "free beer" coupon at any of the local tourist places and get one for free!).  All other food is just okay - but with a name like "Oyster Pub", what can you expect?   Lots of tv's too, so it's a great place to catch a game...there were even lots of Buckeye fans the last time we visited during football season.
We are a family of four that stopped here for dinner. We sat outside as it was a nice evening out.  We ordered the snow crabs, kid's chicken fingers, potato skins and French Dips and onion rings. The food was pretty good and service was OK. Our issue which we didn't think about was that other patrons would smoke while dining, which bothered my daughters. With kids it's best to sit inside. Thumbs up overall.
We came here with a group of 10 or so. It was about dinner time and the servers were up at the front waiting for customers - never a good sign. They didn't have a drink menu and there didn't seem to be too many menu options- but we mostly came for the drinks so we just ordered a ton of oysters and drinks & called it a day. The service was great, but their food isn't something that I'll be coming back for in the future.
Lots of cute helpful waitresses and lots of sports on many TV screens make this a sure bet. The food was good quality with quantity on the larger side. My French dip was tender with a tasty dip sauce. The French fries came crunchy and hot. My husband also had fresh oysters and loved them. There's many beers on tap, my husband got his favorite Stella. The menu is quite varied and includes snacks and salads. The bathrooms are clean. Lots of tables indoors and out.
This place is fantastic! We previously went to Joe's Crab Shack the night before and we were not impressed. The second we found The Oyster Pub and we really were blown away. We loved it so much , we returned the next night!!
Nothing special. Just an average pub grub located in the heart of the club district in Daytona. Great place to see sport events. Many many LCD screens mounted throughout the pub. I've eaten wings, tenders, salads and chicken sandwich. Not happy about the basket and wax paper the food is presented on. Sodas taste very generic. Alcohol beverage taste better when you actually know a bar tender. When the establishment is busy...be expected to have slow service. It can get really crowded. Depending what time you go you may encounter a different variety of crowd. Atmosphere is much better after the remodel.
Very much a bar atmosphere. Service was slow. Our table tried to order 3 ceaser salads and then were told they were out of ceaser salad. A few minutes later we saw a few orders of ceaser salad go to another table. Not sure if they ate the last of the salad or what but how does a restaurant not have ceaser salad? I order the buffalo shrimp which were so spicy I had to take breaks and drink lots of water in between bites to recover.
The bar was cool...the atmosphere was nice for an early afternoon lunch. My wife and I stopped.n on a Friday early afternoon, the bartender was young and unattentive...but once we got her attention she was serviceable. She forgot a portion of our food order and I upgraded a tequila sunrise from a well tequila to Cuervo....she kept pouring me well liquor. I ordered the grilled oysters and the bacon and Monterrey Jack Oysters, both were delicious....but I really couldn't enjoy them because my wife ordered the appetizer sampler that our bartender "forgot " to put uni don't know about your Wilburt if I get my lunch before she gets hers...I don't get to eat lunch.......so for taste and menu they get a thumbs up...but for service they have to get a big ole thumbs down!!!
Great food decent prices. Lots of screens with sports channels. Fun atmosphere, pretty waitresses.
Was on vacation with my girlfriend and came in here later at night to grab some food and some drinks. We ordered just some stuff to snack on a sampler and nachos. And it wasn't very good. The staff was nice and friendly. They have a nice happy hour special which is buy one get one free drinks and it counts towards most high quality drinks which is pretty nice. We were only by the bar area but I think they also had a separate game room with pool tables so it was a pretty cool hangout place, would probably return.
I had the chargrilled oysters and they were freaking awesome as suggested! Our bartender Eric was superb! Go here!!!
Chargrilled and Oyster Rockefeller .. I have to hit this spot up at least once a month just for this...
We stopped into this bar for a happy hour drink, which was BOGO well drinks. Drinks were in super tiny glasses full of ice, and were very weak. We left after having 1 drink, but I did really like the decor and overall look/ feel of the place. Sprawling square footage, modern, clean, huge square shaped bar w/ granite tops, friendly and attentive staff. Place had quite a few customers during a mid week happy hour, but it wasn't overly crowded. I bought a t shirt on the way out. I would come here again, but would not get the happy hour drink special, would probably try a beer, a food item, or something else.
My mahi sandwich was good. But the oysters and steamed seafood sampler my family had were tiny, dry and pathetic. I recommend sticking to the basic sandwiches here.
I was a little confused with the seat yourself, but sat at the bar. the bartender was nice and sugested the grilled oysters I said OK and ordered a Kona Long Board. [draft beer comes in one size] I am not a big beer drinker but it went down smooth after a day at the beach. about 10 minutes the oyster arrived steaming hot. I ate most of the dozen before adding hot sauce. they were so good for my first time eating them this way that I ordered a second dozen and another beer. very good and will be back the next time I am in town from ohio.... as a bonus they have free wifi. I ate alone but lots of tv's and families. I recommend this place but only for the grilled oysters and beer  because that's all I had.
Got a recommendation from a friend to come here and all I can say is it was a great recommendation. The chargrilled oysters are DELICIOUS. I had them with a side ceasar salad - which happened to be the size of a regular salad at most other restaurants. Service was good- my only issue was my app came out about 30 seconds before my dinner, but who can really complain about food coming out quickly! Highly recommend!
The chargrilled oysters were amazing but pricey. Everything else was just ok.  Decent beach food, slow service. Definitely worth a visit for the oysters.
I came to Oyster Pub on a Sunday afternoon during Bikeweek. I strolled in around 1pm-ish and the place had a small crowd but was still very relaxed and comfortable. The space was dimly lit and had TV's scattered throughout the Pub.  The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly. We were seated at the bar and served promptly. I ordered steamed oysters and they were delicious.  I will absolutely be coming back to this place anytime I find myself hungry in Daytona.
Had a great time in Daytona and stumbled upon The Oyster Pub, The place reminded me somewhat of a Hooters or a Winghouse, image but a bit classier and not based on wings.   The menu had all the apps you would find at a Chili's or Friday's so when I saw southwest eggrolls, queso dip, spin dip I was a bit disheartened.  The saving grace was the Oysters,  Fresh, Clean, Crisp tasting,and not over priced, they were so good we came back the next night for more. Ultimately, both visits were really good, we sat at the bar the first night and at a table the Second night.  "Spazz" (that's what she liked to be called) was our server on our second visit and she did an awesome job,  outstanding service. If I'm ever in Datona again, this will be a must do destination for me.
Two things were disappointing from the get go.  They didn't have any fried clams this particular night and all oysters come pre-shucked.  I like to shuck my own steamed oysters because it is part of the fun, and it's not at all hard, but I was told their liability doesn't allow it.  Fine, :(  I have the wings then. The wing sauce was delectable, the wings not so.  They were way too overcooked, like stuck to the bone overcooked.  It was almost as if they had been cooked, sat, and reheated for serving.  I don't think I have ever had such an over cooked wing in my life.  Like I said, good sauce though and the celery sticks were crisp.  The drinks were a bit expensive, just to add. I do like the liveliness in the place.  A lot of TV's and a lot of people having fun and a great server.  Had the food issues been better I would have given it a better score.
Came here with a friend for a quick dinner after a long day. The place was pretty crowded but the staff managed to get us a table pretty quickly. Service was quick (despite the over-crowded place, they had lots of people waiting for a table) and friendly, the food was amazing, especially the Steamed Seafood Platter with clams, oysters and incredibly delicious snow crab. Definitely worth a visit!
This is a must-visit if you are visiting Daytona Beach, FL... It has been a famous location of great food and local atmosphere. Sometimes during certain events it is so packed that it is not possible to even get a place to sit, but that is the only issue.
No one ever told me that spring break in Daytona is a complete sausage fest.  The first night or two we went to these expensive (and crappy) mega clubs, that had every variety of sausage under the sun.  Bratwurst, Knockwurst, Kielbasa, you name it. We would always end up back at the Oyster Pub drinking hundreds of 6 dollar pitchers of ice house. It was fun place to get drunk and they have all the free peanuts you can eat.  By the end of the week, I almost went into a peanut coma.
Great place. Was in town for a week on business, and the locals sent me there for some seafood. Their food is great! The oysters were some of the best I've ever had. The service is great as well, friendly servers, and fast service. Great place to watch a good game and bust a grub. Overall, great place.
Went here last month with my boy for a college Spring Break. At first glance, this place seems popping. It was really busy, and the staff seemed very nice. The decor is pretty amazing and unique on its own. It definitely has that "sport bars" feel to it but they took it to another level by having TV's EVERYWHERE. and I mean everywhere! So I suspect that this place is probably one of the best and funnest places to be to watch your favorite boxing match or sports game. And when I saw everywhere, I mean in every single booth.. bigger flat screens above the booths, at the bars, in the BATHROOM! Back to the food & service. While we waited for our table we decided to grab some appetizers and beer at the bar. They had some great deals for beer, I'm sure depending on what night you decide to stop in, but even for the weekend it was pretty good. Service seemed impeccable until we sat. The waitress greeted up and pretty much left us for close to 15 minutes. I was pretty bothered by that. Finally, she came back and my boyfriend wanted this seafood platter that seemly had a little bit of the best they had to offer and she wasn't even sure if they had it that night. (on a weekend?!) and instead of checking back in the kitchen if they had it, she did one of those, "Hmm... I'm not sure... let me think.. NOPE!" Boy, do I HATE those. So we settled on the infamous charbroiled oysters and they were definitely worth it. Of course, she forgot to bring me my salad and etc until way later. Overall, dining experience was sub-par. Food, was alright but I gave up on having a real food experience thanks to our Waitress so I can't really give much a review on that part since I only tried their oysters.
I've been stopping in here for years and it's nice to see that the place has really been spruced up recently as it was getting rather tired looking. As the name implies, it's all about oysters. So if oysters served at a bargain price aren't your bag, you might enjoy someplace else even though their other foods are a passably decent "It's OK" 3 star. Overall it's a big place, more of a sports/drinking bar than a restaurant. They're well known for their oysters, which though not the largest in size, the plumpest or best, they aren't exactly the smallest either, but served at more than reasonable prices and always with a good quality of freshness. I'd suggest giving the Chargrilled Oysters, one dozen for $12.95, a try as I found them to be uniquely good with the Oyster Pub secret sauce.
Totally gone downhill over the years. Went in yesterday about 3 sat at the bar, got ignored for 5 minutes because the girl was too busy showing off her tattoo. Finally got served a beer ordered and appetizer which was not good, she never returned to take order because this time she was too busy on her phone.  Bad just bad
Newly remodeled, and very classy looking! Still has that wonderful sports bar ambiance, and the food was exceptional. Fried oysters - Yes, yes, yes. Briny little fried balls of fried goodness, and the fries were awesome; crispy and fluffy inside. Steamed seafood platter - Great price for 16.99; came with snow crab legs, oysters, clams, and shrimp. The best part? It was perfectly cooked!! Nothing was overcooked and rubbery, and it came with clarified butter, cocktail sauce, and horseradish. Wings - My friend order his grilled, so they take fried wings and throw them on the grill for some smoky goodness. Very good idea, and the smoke was definitely prominent. The wings weren't sauced like traditional buffalo wings, so not sure if that was due to the grilling or if that's typical. I'm happy. Can't wait to come back.
I have been to the Oyster Pub a number of times, but it has always been during Spring Break. So this was my first time going where I cared what the food tasted like or even cared about the food. This is a typical bar that serves food. So don't expect intricate flavors and tastes, but do expect food well made and well executed.   Our table started off with a bucket of Oysters. They were fresh and tasted very good. A little small, but it is December. We also did a dozen peel and eat shrimp, that tasted awesome and where a steal at 4.95 a dozen.  For dinner we did their chicken wings, which were ordered grilled. They were cooked well, lots of meat on the wings and good taste. Our table also had the fried fish of the day that was a generous piece of fish served with coleslaw and rice. The kids did the  1/2 pound burger and some hot dogs. No complaints from that end of the table at all. (Which is excellent!) So overall, very well executed basic food and cold beer.  This is on our list of places to come back to here in Daytona Beach.
I came here this past weekend for a spontaneous trip and the food was below average.  For a place that is named Oyster Pub and being as close to the ocean as they are, you would expect at least average seafood.  NOPE!  I ordered the crab cakes, or should I say cakes full of breading and cheap bits of crab.  GROSS.   There was also the clams which were mediocre and a fish sandwich which is hard to mess up and still was nothing great.  This place actually made Ale House seem like an authentic seafood experience.  You disappointed me Oyster Pub!  This area by the beach of Daytona needs a kick ass seafood joint!  This is not that place!  Help me out Yelpers!
This review is strictly on their raw oysters. The nice people at Hull's Seafood recommended Oyster Pub to us for raw oysters. So immediately after our meal at Hull's Seafood (they only sell steamed or fried oysters there) we headed to the Oyster pub for a dozen raw oysters. We sat at the bar and it wasn't very busy as it was 4pm in the afternoon. The bartender cracked open a dozen oysters for us and they had a distinct salt water taste. He told us that the oysters had come from Apalachicola. It was interesting as I've never had raw oysters that had a salt water taste. The oysters were of good size as I don't like huge oysters but nice medium-sized oysters (I normally favor Kumamotos, and they're tiny little plump oysters). We came back here again to have oysters, and I'd say it's probably the best raw oysters we had on our trip to Daytona.
A Daytona staple! Amazing food! Perfect place for any sporting events. Spent many Sundays as a boy watching WWF events with my old man. Always awesome for UFC and NFL Sundays.
I went  here for lunch while working in Daytona. No one greeted my friend and I upon entering. Its a set yourself kinda place, which is cool. It was recently update and looks nice. I ordered the char-grilled oysters and fries. My friend ordered raw oysters. The oysters were so small, but tasty. The fries were AMAZING! I am a fry girl, so this is important to me. I would go back to just have the fries. This place would be great for large groups or to watch a game. Large TVs are placed throughout the restaurant.
This place really is worth going into.  It has everything!!  I couldn't count all the TVs, great open spaces, BIG nice bar, friendly and helpful bar staff, great decor, excellent menu choices and very reasonable prices. The Oysters hadn't come in yet that day, so I could complain about that, but that would be ridiculous; it means they only serve them FRESH so I did not complain one bit while I opted for Clams Rockefeller instead of Oysters.  Yum!  My boyfriend got an amazing BLT, and we both had fresh tasty salads and frosty cold beers.  It really doesn't get much better than this!
The raw oyster were tiny. My hubby and I ordered a dozen and so did my sis & her hubby. They brought out two dozen on a platter. We were seated so that we could not share and requested separate checks. The best thing was the chef salad. Can't mess up lettuce and it was a generous portion. The waitress was not attentive and they brought out drinks for half of us and 10 minutes later the other half. Overall-a good sports bar but not a great restaurant.
I'm not at all into sports bars, and I hate seeing a TV on in a restaurant but I would still come back to this place for the chargrilled oysters. Think giant escargots, that's what they tasted like after they've been grilled with garlic butter and parsley. I think I will have to try this recipe at home.
I went in for oysters and was served by Chelsea. Definitely recommend having her as a server if you like HIGHLY ATTRACTIVE WOMEN. It was the best god damn oyster I ever had. I don't know if it was the oysters or the server that got me so revved up but god damnnnnnn. Will come back
This sports bar which serves food is convenient for travelers staying at the Plaza Resort and Spa about a block away. I came back for lunch a second day so the convenience and quality of food are acceptable to me. Their beer selection is quite good, with over a dozen flavors on tap (including Yuengling). Pricing is so-so but the many large screen TVs and lack of smoke help me to overlook that.  I had a burger with cheese and fries, which were tasty. The wings I ordered "hot" and they had just enough kick to them.
This is a bar. Food service was an apparent afterthought accommodated by the purchase of a freezer, deep fryer, hot top and a timer... DING, fries are done! I expected fresh shrimp due to the proximity to the source, but should have had suspicions when a grilled option was not offered. Everyone at our table was dissatisfied with their food. Zero for five. This place is a great place for watching TV and drinking, but the IHOP down the street would have been a better food source.
Order some buttermilk fried oysters! Probably the best of Daytona... and drink up great place to dine in plenty of nice tvs to keep up on the sports quick service and quality food at a decent price
Everyone raved online and on YELP about the grilled oysters. I got them and although they were in deed flavorful, I enjoy the flavor of oysters and the grilled ones didn't taste like oysters. They just tasted like something grilled.
Grilled oysters were delicious. Good atmosphere, and a killer soundtrack. No complaints this place was very accommodating  :)
My folks lived in Ormond Beach from the mid-1980s' until the mid 1990s'. At that time, I worked and lived in Orlando. Whenever I would go out to visit on the weekend, I would usually find myself going out to the Oyster Pub in Daytona Beach. The years have passed, as have both of my parents. A few times a year, I find myself going out to Ormond and Daytona Beach for either the day or the weekend. Last week, I was out in Ormond Beach for a few days, so naturally I went to the Oyster Pub. And I was not disappointed  The Oyster Pub always has great service, great food, and several televisions for sports viewing. And the oysters (from Texas) were the best! Big and meaty! Served raw or steamed. For me, it's raw with a cracker and hot sauce. A dozen goes for $9.99. They also serve steamed shrimp, wings, and other appetizers. I always get the fish sandwich, which requires a third hand to eat ($11.95). And it was just as good as what I have had in previous visits. Another day I went, I had the Pub Burger ($8.50), cooked medium with cheese. And a good burger indeed. The Oyster Pub has a menu featuring sandwiches, and platters,plus a full liquor bar and several beers on draft. The dining area and the bathrooms are always clean, and there is outdoor seating as well. Weeknights are usually busy, and on the weekends, the evenings find the bar/dining room packed. So if you are going to the beach this weekend and find yourself on Seabreeze Boulevard, stop in for some great oysters. Why, I might even be out there with a dozen raw oysters.
I eat here for lunch about twice a month, both take out and dine in. The atmosphere is kinda dark. Its been remodeled and the decor is modern but the food is pretty average pub fare. My kids love the fries lol. Nothing too exciting.
Love all the TVs for games.  The chargrilled oysters are awesome.  Best place in town to watch sports and hangout for the evening.
Guess who just totally remodeled their interior? Guess who now has a state-of-the-art beer tap system? Guess who now has over 60 high-def tv's for awesome sports-watching? And guess who has a fresh, amazing menu now? You've got it - The Oyster Pub. Same amazing Pub atmosphere and fun, but totally bran-spankin new. Definitely check them out when you're in the DAB.
What a place, Idiot people work here I swear! My wife and two kids (21&23 yrs old) came in for lunch, we where told to seat our self's, we did and ordered & received our drinks. Then some guy comes up and says we are in his seats! I kinda just dismissed this and told him there was nothing to indicate anyone was sitting here, that the waitress didn't say anything and we had been there long enough that we had already received drinks and ordered lunch. To my dismay he returned with the manager who told us to get up and move! We did, right out the door never to return!  Take this for what it is and that's the truth!
Great oysters & shrimp for a very reasonable price.  Attentive service in a perfect setting for taking in a game.  Loved the small tv for each individual table in addition to the large screens all around.  Would definitely return- one the best meals we had in the Daytona area.
Food was good as was the service.  I felt menu was a little limited.  We both had steak and instead of fries I asked for some veggies, but they had none.
Decent food.  No raving.  The TVs are awesome! All over including on your table so you can request the channel you want. Oysters only from the Gulf, fried food is super dripping fried.   Just settin' expectations!
This is the first time I have gone to the Oyster Pub since the big remodel. The place looks so much better. It is not dank and disgusting anymore. It looks like the Food Network did a redo on it, except the menu. They have changed the menu somewhat. I tried, of course, the new fish tacos. They were nothing special. Two basa fish, fried tacos with a side of fries. The fries were good, but the fish was meh. Don't bother spending almost 10.00 on this lunch. My husband, who was treating me for lunch, had a burger and fries. He seemed to really enjoy it. I will try it for a lunch again. The last time I went there for lunch, a few months ago, I had an egg salad sandwich, which was the worst I have ever had. I don't know what was in it, but it was horrible. The place looks good, but they need to really work on the food.
Not too impressed.  Oysters were tiny.  Waitress was not attentive.  Friends said their baked oysters were good.  Great place if you want a TV.
Sat outside and had a very good burger. Inside is much cleaner and nicer than most any of the places near it. Not a bad sports bar.
On our hunt for seafood while on vacation my boyfriend and I ran across the Oyster Pub.  We both had the fried oysters,I had them as a sandwich. The oysters were quite large with lots of breading.  The oysters were juicy and pretty yummy without all the breading.  You mostly tasted the breading.  I would go back here to try other stuff.  We sat outside where there are also tv's.  They had MMA on and the place was packed to watch that, most people there were only drinking.  I would say give this place a shot.
My boyfriend and I came here for a UFC fight night.  Glad we did.  They have individual TVs at the booths which were great to watch the fights.  We got the buffalo shrimp as an appetizer and they were awesome!!  The mahi platter was ok, but the fish was a little bland and not very moist.  The wings were pretty good though.  We got the teriyaki garlic grilled and they were very tasty.  Overall, we enjoyed our experience here and will be going back for more buffalo shrimp!
Great place to watch a game. And the grilled oysters are wonderful.
Went here for lunch. Cost was very reasonable. I got a lot of food for the price. Had the oyster po boy. Oysters were very tasty and the fries were hot and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Beer was cold and refreshing. The TV setup at the bar was outstanding offering views of at least 4 different games. Don't forget the roasted peanuts near the door to enjoy while you wait for your seat or as a treat while walking back to the beach.
Had the grilled oysters and fried shrimp with key lime pie to finish off. All very very good. Good service and would recommend.
I came with 5 friends from California to watch the Giants win the WORLD SERIES in 2010 (we came to florida to watch the space shuttle launch & were told oyster pub was the best place to watch sporting events in daytona beach)  The food was ok, the service was better.  We ordered 10 pitchers of beer, 3 rounds of shots & a ton of food over several hours.  We actually came here 3 nights in a row because there wasn't much going on in  the evening during the week.  Just a warning,  everyone (especially MALES) needs to watch out for the old guy (patron) with his little stick toy in the bar area.  He is a WEIRDO.  He approached every male in my group to try to stroke his wooden stick toy in a certain manner that makes a propeller spin on the end of the stick.  It was actually disturbing how much he clearly enjoyed watching males with the device (locals know who I am describing).  We went back to daytona beach again earlier this year (to watch the Endeavour space shuttle) and they had a UFC fight showing - the place was totally packed.  Weird creeper with stick toy was also present!!
We wanted oysters and oysters are what we got. Excellent, big, juicy oysters. Do yourself a favor and order a bucket (not really in a bucket though!) and save yourself some money. Then order some chargrilled. Omg these were so good. Basted on the grill with butter, garlic and Parmesan cheese. The cheese made a crust on the shells and add the grill flavor... I was practically licking the shells clean. Happy hour specials were great too till seven.
Now this is the place to watch sports in Daytona Beach.  You'll find fans from many different teams in the place at the same time... Makes for some fun sports banter.  The bartender is friendly, and the waitstaff are too.  They have a ton of TVs around the bar and restaurants, as well as individual TVs at each of the booths.  I've been a couple of times, once when they were REALLY busy, and each time we had great service.  My husband and I really like the char-grilled oysters.  They serve pub food... It is what it is, a lot of the choices are fried.  I've enjoyed 3 or 4 of the appetizers and entrees.  The beer selection is decent and you'll never go thirsty at the Oyster Pub.  One warning: the fish tacos are much spicier than you'd expect... watch out for the jalapenos.  Whew.
Oysters were FRESH!!!!!!!!!!!! Outstanding!
Best buffalo shrimp I have ever had! The raw oysters were also super fresh and very delicious!  Just don't order them at the same time or your shrimp will get cold while your eating your chilled oysters. Great place to watch the game.
