People who work at HFB love beer.  They have a lot of great craft beers and frown to those who order p*ss beer like Coors or Miller!  This is definitely a fun place to hang out and check out a new type of beer.
A favorite Friday night hang out with friends
Excellent variety of beers-50 on tap and over 350 in bottles! They don't serve food but have menus of all the local places that deliver-so you can order anything from sushi to BBQ and have it delivered right to your table. Buy a mug and have your name engraved and they wash and store it for you! Love this place-thanks Jeremy & crew
Lots of Beer!!!  Friendly Friendly bartenders!!!!!!  They don't act like their "too good" for you attitude like the other place!! Love this Place!!
Great beer selections, they also have wine!
great beer, great service.  Local beers are $3 during happy hour.  Very good.
Horrible staff. They didn't know what they were talking about.
cool place. wish the music was louder or their tvs had speakers. lots of beer options... knowledgable (but then again i am not a beer expert)
Staff were nice and well educated on craft beers. Great bar for sporting events. Clean, relaxing, and the wide selection of craft beer is amazing. I will definitely go back with friends and show them the neat concept!
Great place to grab a beer. Excellent selection of beer.  Very friendly staff.  Very relaxing atmosphere and clean place. They do not serve food but you can bring your own and order stuff for delivery.  On my last visit, we grab some appetizers from Red Robin and ate them at the bar. There are a few restaurants in the complex to choose from. Alex was our beer provider on my last visit and he was super friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. His recommendations for brews were spot on. I highly recommend this place for your beer needs.
Oh, H4B, why did we not meet sooner? For all those times I visited those other restaurants in The Pavilion and passed you by, I sincerely apologize. I wasn't ready to enjoy you in your full splendor, and for that, I beg for your forgiveness! I am thrilled to find a clean, happening, draft house in the Greater Daytona area where I can enjoy my beer exploration without being judged, and more importantly, without being harassed or criticized by the regulars. H4B provides a truly warm welcome into the daunting world of craft beers. So, Craft Beer Newbies, mosey on in, and you'll be in for a true treat! With close to (if not over) 50 beers on draft and very buxom refrigerator cases packed with bottled beer, ciders, and wines, visiting H4B wasn't overwhelming. The bartenders were patient as we mulled over the draft menu, and helped my best friend pick out ciders (as she isn't a beer girl). I opted for two beer flights as they were a respectable $10 (a piece) for four 4oz pours. The pours kissed the rim of the glass every time, so I was a happy girl! In addition to getting to keep the order sheet (so you know which beer is which), the bar tenders also suggested drinking order as I managed to pick a strong sour that could have baffled the overall smoothness of the flight. Who doesn't love a good trivia night, too? We had no clue that we rolled in thirty minutes before the showdown, but since we were already there, we joined in and had a blast. (Yes, I may have been slightly distracted by the Bruins/Canadiens game, but we still pulled in a respectable 4th place!) What I appreciate most about the bartenders is that they realize that people need to hydrate whilst drinking, and even though we closed out our tabs and finished the trivia game, they were considerate enough to let us have our fill of water before getting behind the wheels of our cars to drive home. Thank you for taking our safety into consideration, guys! I am now determined to join ranks of their beer club, so I, too, may have my own etched glass mug hanging from the walls. Bottom line, Tuesday Trivia will become a thing for us as will tackling the lengthy beer selection. The only things missing are a complete list of bottled beers and wines to help customers avoid sticker shock if they aren't familiar with the average pricing of smaller brewery company stocks. Heck, I'd volunteer to make a list for them if I could sit and enjoy a few with the staff.
Want to like this place more. Appreciate that Port Orange has a craft beer offering. First time I went, service (female) was very good and happened upon local beer happy hour (Florida beers are only with $3 and definitely not $6 a pint). 2nd time I went there was a douche bartender (male) that wouldn't give me a beer list and only wanted to showcase his beer knowledge. Also seemed very annoyed when I asked for a taster of two beers versus blowing my $6 on a beer I wouldn't like. Dude, I'm from Atlanta and I've had Sweetwater and Terrapin. Stop trying to sell me on how I have to try it after I've already told you I was at the Terrapin brewery a week earlier. Douche. Okay, out of my system now.
Horrible service. The guy running the bar (Patrick) had a real attitude. Gave us a hard time and didn't want to recommend anything. He was just miserable and that made the experience crappie. It was 7ish, midweek, we were a group of calm family members in their late 20s to mid 30s and he treated us like we didn't belong there. Overall disrespectful.
My favorite beer place in Port Orange! Bartenders are extremely knowledgeable and friendly. I always try to support local businesses as opposed to corporate chains, which is why I try to frequent House for Beer often. Along with supporting local businesses, I like to support local breweries and H4B has a large number of Florida brews on tap. Not to mention, all local Florida beers are included in the happy hour! If you're a beer snob, an infrequent beer drinker, or anything in between, head to House for Beer! You're sure to find something you love!
A cool beer place like so many others - but way better then the Daytona area WOB or the biker bars.  This place is in The Pavilion, right off 95.  Not really close to anything else, but the shopping district as a whole is better than just about anything else in the area, so here's as good a place as any. Very knowledgeable staff, who really knows their stuff and are excited to be in the industry.  Nice draft selection, too - a very wide variety of stuff to try.  But their bottled selection is pretty small, and expensive.  7 beers took out $33!  Yowza.   But the people are great (I've always had a good conversation here with someone I never knew before).  Sometimes Santa is there too.
Excellent beer choice. The bartenders are super friendly. Great location if you want wanna catch a movie as the cinema is next right next door.
Awesome beer selection on tap - including Shiner Bock (being a Texas gal, I'm always happy to see Shiner Bock on draft anywhere outside the great state of Texas)!  However, when you check in the first time on yelp you get a 20% off on your first draft beer - SCORE!!!  GREAT!!!!  The wait staff is marginally friendly and could really care less if your there or not!  At 5:09pm on a Tuesday, there are 5 people at the bar ... I was a little surprised at the lack of people.  Maybe better customer service and a more friendly waitstaff would go a long way to get more customers!
Service is always knowledgeable and personable. They know their stuff and are great at suggesting new things. Good selection of local brews, menu rotation is pretty frequent. They have a lot of good promo nights with specialty drafts and featured breweries. Membership program is rewarding, doesn't have accumulation like other places, but it pays for itself pretty quickly(cheaper drafts, bigger serving) and you don't have to have a bunch of things you don't like in order to fill a checklist; drink what you want.
Great draft selection and very impressive bottle selection. The staff really knows a lot about the beers the have so ask questions. I don't think they serve food but I think u can bring stuff in. Also has tv's to watch the games while enjoying ur awesome beers. We went on a Monday night and it was pretty empty so it was kinda boring but it was a Monday night. Still the beer was worth sitting there for a few beers we can't get in Ohio.
Best place around for some unique beers.   I really like the outdoor seating.  It's great on a nice sunny day or at dusk to sit in the corner with some friends and have a cigar and a few beers.   I also like how they always have different beers on tap.  The bartenders always seem really friendly and knowledgeable about their own beers. Try this place out.  It's really easy to find and it's right of I-95.
This is my favorite place to have a few beers.  I'm not an expert by any means but I know what I like.   The staff always helps me select an outstanding beer from what seems to be an endless list of options.   My wife and I went for their Trivia Night on Tuesday (6/4/2013) and had a great time.  Red Robin delivered our food right to our table.  Like someone else said their review - it's a heck of a lot better than most bars that have a small menu of "bar food".  Its located at the Pavilion (giant parking lot too) which has just about any style of food you could want.  Even though it was crowded on Tuesday when we went, it felt very open and the seating was comfortable enough to stay the whole evening.  I never had an empty glass even though the 2 bartenders were swamped.  They stayed right on top of everything. I love seeing businesses like this that think outside the box by specializing in one thing and doing it to perfection.  By allowing the other restaurants to provide their food, you have an amazing array of choices.   The casual atmosphere mixed with great beer and excellent service makes HouseForBeer a great place to spend an evening any day of the week.
Cool place but a little pricey. I do like that you can order food from the other restaurants in the Pavilion while you are there.
We were so excited to find this place by accident in Port Orange!  They have over 50 beers on tap and even more in the bottle.  Service was excellent, and all the staff was really excited and into the beers.  The selection is amazing and we were like kids in a candy store!   They don't have food there, but they'll provide phone numbers and menus for the food establishments in the area - Red Robin, Five Guys, and others - and almost all the restaurants will even deliver it to you.  For all of you sports fans, there are plenty of big screen TV's.  The place is comfortable & cool.  I recommend sitting at the bar - it's the most fun to talk to the staff about the beers & check out all the cool custom beer taps!  We can't wait to go back!!
An outstanding selection of great brews, rare for the area. Come for the happy hour specials, stay for the mile long list of drafts and bottles. Bartenders are knowledgable and really engaging about the beer menu. Great recommendations and diverse offerings. Even the food arrangement works for this place.  For those who like food with their beer (like me) this is a big advantage. But rather than settling for a small, mediocre menu of bar food, you can get food from one of several chain or independent restaurants in the immediate vicinity. I will go back every time I'm in the Daytona area!
The only plus is the great selection of beer.  Staff isn't that friendly, would expect them to be more knowledgeable about the beers. Given the choice, I would pick World of Beer on Nova every time.  World of Beer has a better atmosphere, friendlier and more knowledgeable staff, and an even better beer selection most days.  HFB just doesn't measure up.  And no, I do not work at WOB. Just love it!
Love this place. Nice and relaxing place to go to after a soccer game, before or after a movie. They always have the Woodchuck fall cider on draft, which is my favorite! Service is good and servers are polite and attentive! Def check this place out.
