I had the wings as suggested on this site.   I ordered 30 Fusion  wings cooked grilled extra crispy and extra wet.   They were EXCELLENT! I came here during Biketoberfest 2014 and was served by Kathy.   The service was outstanding and all of my food was very hot. Cannot beat the happy hour deal for 30 Wingz for $19!
Don't expect anything special besides awesome wings and cheap beer!  But if that's what you like (which we do on occasion) South Turn will give you all need!  Make sure to order your wings extra crispy and extra wet with fusion sauce.  Great place to catch a game or play a quick game of pool, even if the neighborhood seems a little sketchy.
Not a lounge or a restaurant. Just a dingy bar with really good wings. Waitress could be more attentive, we had to hunt her down for the check and go to the bar n pay. It was annoying bc it wasn't busy. Def recommend it. Fusion wings are the besttt!
South Turn is only a couple of miles away from the beach, but it's light years from beachside in attitude. This is where the locals and visitors in the know go, but don't you be afraid, because the regulars aren't hostile to 'outsiders' like some Daytona places can be. In fact, they are usually downright friendly. South Turn offers excellent pub grub, and the steaks, burgers and wings (if you ask) are cooked over a flaming gas fired grill right behind the bar, so you can actually watch the food being seared to your specifications: Rare, medium, or well done. The kitchen and dining area are pretty clean, the restrooms, uh, could be better. But I've seen worse in my favorite rowdy party town, much worse. You will occasionally see NASCAR team members here, along with bikers, rock n roll music fans, and just average folks like me. Pool tables, mostly classic rock on the jukebox, and a full bar with much nicer prices on everything than you'll find beachside make for a good lunch, happy hour, or a great party night. Sometimes they have live [loud] music, but during the day it's just a quiet neighborhood spot to relax. South turn is the place that Orlando's Fillin' Station wants to be. This really isn't a dive, I guess I'd call it a great semi- dive. Do they serve the best burger in Daytona like that examiner.com/x-8396-Orla…  guy says? Lets see. Quality beef, grilled to order over a flame, topped with fresh lettuce, tomato, and onions (raw or cooked!). It just may be. And the wings aren't too shabby, either. South Turn is on Nova Rd. @ Beville [400] next to the Office Depot. southturn.com Thanks to Edward J. for the photo, and for reminding me of this old favorite!
First the good... The teriyaki grilled wings are un-frigging-believable good. No, that doesn't even do them justice. Trust me on this one, you are gonna love em. The service is good but slow, if you know it is going to be slow, and prepare for that, you won't be disappointed. The bad.,, Ok, it is a bar, and it is an aging bar, smells like a bar, and some of the place is in poor repair, like the booths falling off the walls. But really, the wings make up for it, honest they do!
To say these wings are only ok is like saying oxygen is nothing big. I have been all around the country and have had all kinds of wings. This place is hands down the best out there... I recommend the teriyaki garlic grilled or the hot bbq grilled (sorry hooters, you copied them from here and are garbage in comparison.) I will have them flown across the country and heat them up in the oven and they will be still better then any other place. I came here for years late at night for drunk food and took them for granted. Now that I live 1600 miles away I will eat here every time I come back to town. It does look like a dive but it has great food.. they also have 50 cent wings for happy hour (before 7pm I think)..   try it and you will thank me later.
The food was disgusting and soaked in grease, we ordered wings, a sample platter and blt. The bread for the blt wasn't toasted, The fries were cold, and the wings were limp and greasy. They have a terrible selection of beer (bud light, coors, etc.) you can see the kitchen from your table and it looked dirty and gross. Go somewhere else.
I went here for the 2013 Superbowl and had a great time!  We got there early enough and were able to find a table with no problem.  It did get pretty busy and crowded as the night went on, but the service was still pretty great for the amount of people in the place and it didn't seem to get crazy loud. They have tons of TVs, so it's a great place to watch any sporting event.  They also have a few arcade type games to play and some pool tables in the back. The wings here are fantastic!  We had the buffalo BBQ wings and they were devoured in minutes.  Their fried cheese ball things that are in the combo basket are also absolutely delicious and addicting!  The prices on beer seemed to be pretty good too.  I would definitely go back here for some more beer and wings.
This place was cool. Our waitress was very attentive. I thought she was reading our minds. The grilled wings were real good, not greasy standard like fried wings. The wings were ordered as "Hot grilled" but they were not hot at all. Good, but not hot.   One of the guys in our group was a regular so we might have been getting superior service for that reason. I think he slipped her a ten or a twenty on top of what the HMFIC paid. So I have no idea how how thirty-five wings cost. I do know every one of those wings was consumed.    So don't be afraid of the bar-like look of the place, its cool. I would bring my teenagers here, but I'm not sure if I would want them here past 10pm on Saturday night. Decent beer selection on tap. NO SMOKING INSIDE!!! Yeah!
Best wings in town! Cheap beer! I've become a regular here and the staff is awesome. Excellent place for football Sundays too!
The most delicious wings I ever had. Service is quick and friendly. Definitely coming back here next time I'm in Daytona Beach.
Best wings in TOWN. 4 stars because of how tight it is in there and the slow service you will receive at times. It's loud and busy but if you are a wing fan, it is worth every minute. Try their garlic teriyaki. They are grilled and amazing. I am also a huge fan of medium garlic grilled. Cheap beer and they have jello shots!
Great wings, they grill finish their wings which you really do not find anywhere, truly unique touch and very delicious. You must try it if you are a fellow wing lover, you will be hooked on the grill finish once you leave.  Place is sports bar so plan ahead if you are going on days of big events, cause it will get packed fast.
Typical dive bar. Cheap beer. Great wings for reasonable prices. Only big complaint is glassware is dirty and had a pitcher of yuengling that was so flat I could barely drink it. Service is hit or miss depending on mood of employee ( I'd say 50/50 good and bad moods). Stick to bottled beer and the wings and you will have a decent time.
The South Turn is somewhat of a dive bar and it can attract a fair amount of bikers eventhough this place is not beachside. With that being said I love it! They have cheap beer, a Nascar motif (as to be expected in DB) and the best wings I have ever had. For a little extra you can get grilled wings, I still think they fry them first, and they are out of this world. I love their hot wings but their teriyaki wings are just as good, if not better, than the hot wings and I am not the type of girl who typically likes flavors other than normal buffalo wings. If you are in Daytona stop into South Turn to hang out with the locals and enjoy some wings and beers.
From the outside it would appear to be a sketchy dive bar (if you even noticed it hidden next to office max), but once inside it's an average looking bar for Daytona. The wings are to die for. You can combine the flavors (garlic/terriaki/etc) and you can decide how spicy you want them.
Good food, good service. Give it a try!
Simply, home town awesome. Great food. Great atmosphere. Great drinks. Friendly staff. Reasonable prices. I'm officially a regular.
Only place we buy our wings.
Nice sport bar... The service is good and the food is ok... The place is not expensive... The chicken wings are good enough...
