This is a really solid mall! It is owned by CBL which owns malls all across the country and keeps them in top notch shape. Its appears that CBL recently acquired this mall and is trying to revitalize it. They are succeeding. There is now a great store selection and plenty of options to eat at in the food court.
Easy access in and out of mall. Not a lot of selection in terms of stores and food within the food court. A lot of small kiosk aligned in the middle of the mall. It's the only mall in volusia county and one of the smallest I've been to in the country.
This mall is pretty lame, but is unfortunately the only mall in the Volusia County area.  Sucks!  They have the standard stores - Macy's, JCPenney, Dillards - and the stores inside the actually mall area, which aren't the best selection.  They have a pretty big food court, as well. I would suggest driving the extra time to visit the Seminole Towne Centre, Altamonte Mall, Florida Mall, or Millenia Mall for a better shopping experience!  This mall is great if you know exactly what you are looking for.
this mall is horrible!!! store selection is disgusting!!!!! disgusting bathrooms!!!!!! i'm serious stay out of them!!!! especially in the food court. parking lot is horrible there is tons of criminals. cars get broken in to every single day. worst part is do not go there at night. criminals wait under your car and cut your legs with knifes and then steal your car. this has happened dozens of times. police and security are going patrolling more but there not stoping everything
This is a great mall if you are looking to avoid the crowds while shopping, I've been here on several occasions and I could drive my truck inside the mall from store to store without having to fear hitting anyone. It appears they are doing some renovations in hopes of revitalizing it or to pass the city codes I don't know which, it doesn't appear to be attracting any new businesses. I think there could be a much better use of the property it's amazing to me some of the brand stores still occupy space. It would be a great parking lot for the Speedway without the mall or a new location for the Daytona Flea Market.
Know what I love about this mall?  Lots of room to walk around without bumping into people.  Cool stores are here--Macy's, Dillard's, (3 Dillards?  Why?  Confusing people),  and of course the pesky little kiosks with people trying to charm you into buying something ridiculously overpriced. No thanks, you may not ask me a question. I like easy access here.  Easy in and out.
Saving Gas Spoils Shopping! As a longtime resident of both Daytona Beach and Orlando, I have long understood that shopping cannot really take place in Volusia County, and have long commuted to the big Orange and Seminole County shopping centers to get my shop on. However, since gas prices went completely crazy, this commute is no longer possible, and this has left volusia county residents with....the Volusia Mall. The Good: Single Stary and Walkable: You can really "do" this mall in about two hours. There's only one story, and if you're looking for a quick shopping trip, well Volusia Mall fits the bill nicely. All the essentials: All of the standard mall fare, PacSun, JC Penny's and Claire's are all here. Just don't expect anything terribly unique. The Bad: *yawn*: Yeah, the volusia Mall is incredibly boring. From the drab setup to the mundane stores, shopping at Volusia mall is definitely not an exercise in power shopping. More like shopping when you have no choice. Volusia Mall is not necessarily bad, but it just doesn't have any of the cool perks or shops that places like Altamonte or Millenia have. But with gas prices the way they are, Volusia residents may have no choice. Sorry about that! Overall6.5/10 = Ho-Hum ....
I was born and raised in Daytona and my family wasn't much for vacations to very exotic locals (we went to places as far away as Jacksonville. Oooooo culture!) As a result I lacked a lot of exposure. I used to think the Volusia Mall was pretty damn cool. So much so that I held 3-4 different positions at various stores though out. Not only was it my work place, but my hangout place as well. And oh the dynamics of mall drama. Unless you worked in one you would never know all the secrets and scandals that exist not just in one store, but between stores spanning the whole location. It's like a huge high school only you get a shorter lunch period and everyone has a credit card. But I digress and to sum it all up (at the expense of sounding like a heretofor west coast California snob) in two words: dirt mall.
This mall should be called Dillard's because that is all there is in here. Not much to see, we drove there to check it out but not worth the drive at all :(.
Volusia Mall is...a mall. It's a one-story affair and, though renovated within the last decade, it's a local place at best. They've managed to attract some of the major mall chains (Abercrombie and Fitch, Hollister, Bombay Co.), so you are guaranteed a similar experience to just about any other mall you have visited. A quirk of Volusia mall is that the major anchor stores have been bought out one-by-one, leading to THREE Dillard's stores in the mall. Two of them face each other. It's corporate greed gone mad, I tell you! Honestly, this is not a bad place--I spent my childhood school shopping here, and cannot bring myself to bash it too badly. If it all becomes too overbearing, stop by Mr. Dunderbaak's, the tasty German restaurant, for a pint. It'll set your right as rain, and ready to shop again!
This mall pales in comparison to other malls outside of the area, I'd rather commute the 30 to 45 minutes to Seminole County to shop at one of the malls there. I am also a long time resident of the Daytona Beach area and nothing much has really changed with this location over the years,with the exception of the child based amusement attractions (mall-jump, play area, and train). The food-court still houses a majority of the same restaurants that have been there for years, while hosting the newest addition, Subway. The selection of stores is truly mediocre- so if you are looking for something unique, you will not find it here.
I used to work here. That's all I got. It's just a mall, nothing that special about it. If you're willing to drive less than an hour, you can find better near Orlando.
Being that there are many malls in the Orlando area, I would not recommend driving the 50 minutes up to Volusia Mall.  If you happen to be at the beach, or watching a race at the track, and need to go there, then at least you have an option.  But overall, it's not a destination mall. It is somewhat outdated compared to its competition further south.  The walls and floor are white yet you can tell it's been a good few years since this mall was constructed.  It does hold many popular and common mall stores but there aren't too many special features that make it a worthwhile place to shop.   That's not to say it's all bad though.  Instead of housing 5 Starbucks, Gloria Jean's Coffee has 2 counters and reigns supreme in the coffee department.  Auntie Anne's is also not present with Wetzel's Pretzel's taking its place.  There is, however, a Subway going in which really makes it a mall.   Speaking of the food court, the seating there is rather interesting since almost all of the tables are connected like a cafeteria.  Thus, you will most likely be sharing the long tables with other shoppers.  So if you wanted some space/privacy this is not the place to go.  But if you do eat lunch there, and decide a walk is in order, the mall has a W.A.L.K. program that gets you moving.   I am unaware of the exact details but the mall along with a Health Organization have put together a plan to get people to purposely walk through the mall for exercise which is a great way to support healthy living. It's not a place I would really want to go back to unless I was in the area.  But I suppose that most people head to Daytona for many other reasons causing the mall to take a back seat.
Be careful of the As Seen On TV store in the mall because they don't give refunds on bad products.
I have family in Daytona Beach and I've been to this mall many, many times. It's definitely not the best mall, but it's the only one this town has, so you might as well make the most out of it. When I was little, I adored going into Limited Too (Which is now called Justice these days) and the toy store. When I got a bit older, I would spend all my "mall time" in Abercrombie & Fitch, Hollister, American Eagle, and Hot Topic. I was always mad it never had a Forever 21, but it had a Charlotte Russe, which I guess is close enough. Now that I'm grown, this mall doesn't appeal to me much anymore. Even though I'm still young, I no longer like shopping at Abercrombie, Hollister, American Eagle and most of the other stores I used to enjoy so much so there really is nothing here except Dillards because I like their shoes and I can get good makeup (Even though their MAC counter is a joke!). If you just need to get something quickly, then the Volusia Mall isn't so bad but if you're going here to buy someone's birthday or Christmas gift, I strongly suggest you reconsider. If you want to eat lunch here, they have a Chick Fil A, Sbarro, Piccadilly (Which is like a cafeteria, self serve like restaurant) and some other fast food places (I can't remember all of them; it's been a LONG time since I had lunch here!) but I'm sure you'll find something you like. This mall is adorable during the Holidays because they always have huge decorations up and a train that goes around (:
The mall is pretty average for this size of city. There's a Daytona Speedway across the highway. 3 stars is for average mall. No Apple store here.
Decent mall, also the only one in the area, unless you want to drive to Sanford.
Its an ok mall.  The anchor store is Macys.  There are a couple.  The other large stores are JCPenny's, Sears and I think Dillards.  All the standard mall stores are there and a medicore food court.  I hate to drive far more than I care about stellar shopping so it does me just fine.  However I can see why the true shoppers would like to drive to Orlando.
Coming from Jersey, I'm used to large malls being everywhere. Not the cast with Daytona. Limited stores and the only one in miles. Guess I've been spoiled. They're getting better though adding larger stores and restaurants. And! Now they have an Auntie Anne's!
This mall was pretty boring but my friend and I needed to make a quick trip to Macy's & some shoe stores...didn't wanna travel too far from Deland so we came here. It's a very basic mall, as other yelpers have stated. Nothing out of the ordinary, nothing exciting. I only came here on an emergency trip but I wouldn't come here on a "shopping trip."
Volusia Mall has had its heyday. It's funny to imagine this mall being brand spanking new!  It probably only still survives because the next nearest mall is in Sanford, FL. Yet, this mall will certainly fill a void if you crave a decent retail experience.  It will suffice until your next trip to Orlando or other shopping destination.  It has Macy's, Dillard's, Penny's, and Sears as well as other typical retail shops and a food court.
Its a mall, it has Macys, Dillards and all the normal mall stores.  When I lived in Ormond Beach it was the mall I used,.  I just stopped by last week for nostalgic purpose.
Not the Sanford or Mall of Millenia but it will do for what we have in Volusia.
If you like Dillards, this is the place for you. It isn't that this mall is bad, it is just that it doesn't have that much stuff in it.  I was expecting it to at least have the staple college clothing stores but it was missing staples such as Gap.  While they didn't have gap, they did have three Dillards.  I didn't go into the store but if you like them this place is awesome.  They also have JC Pennys and they had the standard department store deals. The mall itself is pretty nice and it is a decent place to walk around and spend some time, but it is probably more fun to walk around other areas of Daytona Beach.
Shopped both Macy's  (a disappointment) and Dillard's today.  Saw some cute things at Dillards, nothing at Macy's.  Mall is a little  disappointing but I was happy that both these stores were there.  I actually went to Dillard's because they have an Aveda salon...and it's the only one in Daytona Beach!  I've never heard of Aveda in a department  store.  The only bad thing about that, according to the stylist I had, is that they do not participate in any of the specials or sampling that Aveda salons do.  And, although my stylist was trained in Orlando at Aveda, she missed the whole head and neck massage thing that AI so enjoy at Aveda.  So, liked that one was available, but not that it's "half-assed".
