I've been meaning to go visit Reinstein ever since I got my hands on a super special book that's no longer in circulation. It was called "Secret Places of Western NY" and detailed secret hikes around the area. Reinstein was listed near the beginning of the book as an easy starter hike. I once had the goal of exploring every one of the places in the book, but since it took me 5+ years to just make it here, I may have a life long goal ahead of me. Either way, if you haven't explored Reinstein yet...I urge you to do this in the Fall! It's mesmerizing that there is such a tranquil forest right in the middle of Depew, who woulda thought? I always associated Depew with a a loud airport, but here I was...in a tranquil forest that inspired introspection. The pond loop is a worthwhile trail and there are benches scattered throughout the preserve where you can find yourself with a pen and notebook and be reflective. There's a number of trails, but truth be told you can probably set aside 1-3 hours and finish them all. It's not a huge place, but this has its benefits. There's also a "nature play area" for the kids, which is a cool playground they made out of the wooded areas. See the picture that I uploaded. This is a magical place, especially for the autumn. If you want a perfect WNY Fall Day: do this: 1) come here around 3pm on a sunny day, hike for a few hours. 2) drive 10 minutes to Mayer Bros Cider Mill (yelp.com/biz/mayer-bros-…), pick up some goodies (apples, peach pie, cheese curds, cider slushie, etc.) 3) drive 15 minutes for dinner in East Aurora and head up to the Elm Street Bakery. (yelp.com/biz/elm-street-…). It will be perfect; I promise. Have fun!
Went here over the weekend for a fall festival they had and have to say it was a great time. The place itself is a wooded nature preserve with plenty of walking trails, a lily pad pound with a nice boardwalk overlook area, and clean modern visitors center. The fall festival was great as most of the exhibitors were other local area places promoting things with a link to nature instead of just selling you stuff, and they had many cool activities for the kids to try. Outside of the fall festival, which I will definitely be back for, I will also keep this place in mind when wanting to just get back in touch with nature and leave some of the stress of the city.
Beautiful place with nature trails and educational programs.  You may encounter deer, frogs, snakes, fox, birds, geese and other wildlife.  Great for a peaceful nature walk any time of the year
this place is great!! i went with my two early 60s parents and rented snowshoes. we're all moderately athletic and enjoyed the trails and the informatiin center very much! we'll be back to rent cross country skis next week:)
