Is there really 26 miles of beach around Daytona?  That's more beach than the whole of The State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations ("The Ocean State") and they have great beaches, too.  But really, how can you go wrong with an Atlantic-facing beach in FL?  And that beautiful breeze and the sound of the surf?  Nebraska does not even have an INCH of beach, nor Colorada fer that matter. Five bucks to park, long boardwalk which is half concrete but who cares, squishy squeeky sand.  Came here after the tower of terror aka the Ponce lighthouse (kids screaming cos their parents are idiots), and while it was sunny at the lighthouse, the clouds came in at the 4pm beach!  bummer!  This part of the beach has no cars, but you can see or walk over to the part of the beach where people can park which I think is just fucking awesome.  There was a cool snack van and they sold absolutely EVERYTHING, big up to the snack van.  I really wanted some ice cream.  Lotsa teenage kids hanging around the beach, how cool, I woulda loved to be a teenager hanging out at the beach.
Note to dog-owners: to the left, you will find a beautiful, white sand beach. Dogs are not allowed here.  To the right, you will find a small, rocky, crowded beach.  This is where your dog is allowed to swim.  I'm appreciative that they make considerations for dogs at all, but it was a little disappointing.  I saw a boy cut his foot pretty bad on the rocks, so be careful! The facilities are nice, with showers, restrooms, and soda machines.
Naturally, I seek dog friendly areas when planning an outing. This dog friendly beach hit the very top of my list. My criteria for this choice was close parking proximity to the beach since we were going to set up a tent and welcome the summer in style. We took the chance of arriving around 11:00 am. A little late for a busy holiday weekend, but nonetheless we spun the dice. Immediately through the gate we were told that parking was almost to capacity. Our plan was to drive up close and off load then park. As luck would have it as we spun around the parking lot closest to the beach a spot was open. We should have played the lotto. There are shower and bathroom facilities. Although, each men and women bathroom is single occupancy which create long lines. But it is a perfect place to engage in conversations. Showers are outdoor. Around the restroom facility are several picnic benches and grills. Next to the shower and along the beach are more grills and benches. These are on first come, first served basis. On the beach there is a larger picnic tent available by reservations only. Dogs are allowed everywhere as long as they are on a leash, even in the water. Jet ski rentals and boat rides are available on the beach. The beach is a mixture of sand and rocks. There are patches of nice soft sand and sharp rocks. Several coves and secluded areas lend to privacy. It is easy to stake claim to an entire section of the beach. What better way to start off the summer frolicking in the water with friends, family and our four legged companions. My entire photo album on Flickr.
Daytona Beach is 26 miles long, but this stretch is my favorite (tied with Ormond By-The-Sea). The park is located at the southern tip of the beach, and consists of a large area of protected dunes adjacent to Ponce Inlet. The beach is car-free for the last couple hundred yards. You can poke around in the dunes, walk out onto the jetty, watch boats cruise into the inlet and generally get away from the hustle of most of Daytona. In addition, there are some nature trails back across A1A, a picnic area and the Ponce Inlet lighthouse is just a short drive away. This is just about the only place in Daytona that I would spend a day at the beach. There's a small admission charge per vehicle, which I must sheepishly admit I've never paid--there's a few free parking spots if you turn right just before the gate :)
Great dog-friendly beach in Ponce Inlet! Friendly dog owners, great location! And it's next to the Lighthouse and dog-friendly Hidden Treasure restaurant with great eats on the water.
I want to remove stars for this park being over an hour from my home, but I guess that's more my fault then theirs so I shall resist. It's a beautiful park, kept quite clean, and very reasonably priced at $5 for admission for our car. That alone is not enough reason for us to travel the distance, but the fact that there's a dog friendly beach certainly is. Hooray for being able to take the dogs to the beach! There are signs posted around to keep your dogs on leashes at all times, and I would say the large majority of people did this, and the ones that did not had well behaved dogs and there were no issues. There are numerous poo bag stations in the event that you don't have anything to clean up after your furry friend. This also meant it was slightly shocking how little dog crap was left, at least that I saw. Again, hooray for responsible pet owners! On some areas of the beach there are these odd tree branches/roots sticking up through the sand. Normally that kind of thing would bug me, but they made perfect posts to temporarily tie dog leashes to. I wouldn't leave them there long, but that's not because they aren't study, we just weren't staying put for too long. Beach day! The dogs experienced sniff overload while there, having to check out every little thing, and getting to see some new things at the same time. One of the pooches even got to check out some crabs which startled him but amused his owner. While I wouldn't drive to this beach without the dogs, if we lived closer this is exactly the kind of beach I would like to frequent. There are quite a few grill stations set up, it's not too busy, and there's tons of room to explore.
Nice small park just north of Daytona Beach.  Lots of fishing, surfing, and beach combing opportunities.  The pier stretches out into the ocean and gives you a nice view of the Daytona shoreline / cityscape.   Didn't check out the lighthouse or the Marine Science Center (was closed).   The park closes fairly early, so be sure to get there at latest early afternoon to allow yourself a couple hours to roam.
This park rivals my favorite in Cocoa because of how large, quiet and clean it is. The sand is soft and powdery and the surf is awesome. The fishing out here is supposed to be good - I have only fished here once and didn't bring in anything to brag about, but the surroundings were so beautiful that I didn't mind it at all. There is NO bait shop however, so remember to bring your own bait and gear, because if you forget or don't have enough of something, you're SOL! Still, with the park being as large, clean and quiet as it is, the fact that it doesn't have much in the way of facilities really isn't a big deal and shouldn't stop anyone from giving this place a try. The boardwalk, picnic tables and bathrooms are all nice, clean and quiet. It is also pet-friendly and only $5 to get in - half the cost of the other beach park I visit! Also, if you do go fishing off of the jetty here, be aware that the waves DO crash over the jetty and wash across the concrete, especially when the tide is coming in. We saw a family lose a cooler and a few other items to this, and we got soaked! So make sure if you are going to be walking along the jetty or hanging around on it for a while that you DO keep anything that is sensitive to water in a waterproof container and that all of your things are weighed down or held on to so that they don't get swept away. This area is also awesome for getting snagged, so popping bobbers and other non-bottom rigs are recommended. Rigging for the bottom WILL get you snagged up quite a bit. I can't wait to get back out here and check out the lighthouse and maybe bring the dog!
I used to come here with my dad when I was a kid.  Back then, there was no lighthouse point park, no parking lot, no boardwalks.   It was unspoiled salt marsh.  Millions of fiddler crabs tunneling into every inch of sand.  I once caught a baby octopus in the waters.   I was excited when I heard that it was to become a park and be spared development... except the development of the park itself.   Paved roads were put into the land, boardwalks, and an enormous parking lot.    If you walk into the marshes the crabs are still plentiful, but the wildlife as a whole is not what it once was.   I still visit here occasionally, and enjoy the day.   If it's only the beach that I'm looking for,  Wilber by the Sea offers more seclusion, is closer to town, and has no entrance fee.
Parking is very close to the beach ($5 and they only accept cash). Nicely maintained facilities with 8 gender-oriented, family-style rest rooms. Majority of the area on the inlet in this park is dog-friendly. If you want to walk on the sandbars in the inlet on the west end of the park, then make sure you arrive just before low tide.  Also if you are there on a day when the wind is strong out of the west/northwest, then you must take a walk out on the jetty pier (awesome splash zone). Our kids had a blast getting soaked by the big waves, but got cold quickly because of the wind. Best to have all your stuff in a water-resistent backpack.
An absolutely beautiful park. I loved the walkways and trails. Don't waste your time at theme parks and tourist traps. This is real Florida.
Pretty nice little spot. My mum and I enjoy walking up here during the summertime and relaxing in the shade on the picnic tables. They have some vending machines  too. If you look closely while you're on the boardwalk ramps, you can see wildlife like little turtles and crabs scurrying around. It's also a nice place to take our little doggy. He loves the park!
Gorgeous white sand immaculate beach.
