While on vacation looking for something different to do during the day besides lounge around lazily the beach, we decided to drive the short distance here from our resort, park, and see what the place had to offer. After reading the other reviews, I was very excited to find out that the place did, in fact, have a nature trail to walk on and not just a mini playground and baseball field. With that said, this place is accommodating for everyone, whether you want to play tennis or picnic or run around with your dog.  The nature trail was smaller than I expected (I believe it ended after you crossed the road to the beautiful fishing dock/gazebo on the Halifax River), but it was still a nice, hilly hiking trail with plenty of lizards darting in and out of the foliage. As far as the beach, if I ever visited Ormond again, I would pack the car up everyday and come here just for the shore.  Not only was it secluded (there were maybe 4 other people within a half a mile radius of us on either side), but the beach itself was gorgeous with orange, pebbly sand and no giant resorts blocking any sun. Would definitely recommend this as a nice getaway from the beach crowd.
RATING FOR THE DOG PARK ONLY. I give it 3.5 stars. We just found this park and we will be back.  Its in a nice park and close to the beach.  Its not a dog beach but it is about 1/2 mile to the beach.  The park has two parts, one for little dogs (and this is all grassy) and the big dog part.  The big dog park has lots of sand and bushes and trees and grass too.   Our dog enjoyed this park.  The other dogs (and people) were friendly.  Its a pretty big park and he like roaming around and going behind all the bushes and finding hidden trails.  There are two drink stations there and doggie bags and for the most part its a clean dog park.  I only saw one pile of poop not picked up. The dogs were all friendly and some regulars there were friendly and welcoming as well. We will be back but will bring the bug spray next time as well. This is my second favorite park next to the one in Deland.
Bicentennial park offers a lot to beach goers: Parking (key!) Crosswalk to the beach Picnic tables and covered area (to duck in during one of the afternoon thunderstorms) And nice trails to bike or walk down. If you don't live beachside (and even if you do) sometimes you have a carload of beach accessories for a full day of sun. I love Ormond Beach because it's never very crowded, and you don't have to deal with crazy spring breakers or a bunch of frat boys. You can see windsurfers out, doing their thing, most afternoons, which is really cool to watch. I've watched shuttle launches from here too, and meteor showers on the beach at night. If you happen to need something, there is Publix just up north on A1A and a shopping plaza to the south at Granada and A1A.
It's a great little trail with two dog parks.  One dog park is for large dogs, the other for small dogs.  Both have watering stations and bags for picking up waste.  I run the trails about every day.  Nice hills (probably the only hills in the area to run over).  Book ended by the ocean to the east and the Halifax river to the west.  There is a fishing dock on the river side with Kayak launch.  There are a couple softball fields, basketball courts, and tennis and racket ball courts with covered picnic tables in the park and out on A1A.  A small playground that appears to be closed for renovations at them moment.  Parking with access to the beach.   What's not to like?
Bicentennial Park is one of my favorite beach spots. It's nothing fancy. What it doesn't have is its real charm: -No driving on the beach. -No parking on the beach. -No suburbanites trying to act gangsta by blaring the hip hop CD they just bought at Target for your enjoyment. -No overcrowding. -No huge hotels towering overhead. -More sand than cigarette butts. -No mobile rent-a-beach-ATV-with-a-large-hotdog-and-fries stands. If you like all of the things listed above, don't go here.  Go to Daytona. If you hate the things listed above, give Bicentennial Park a try.  They have basic facilities available right by the parking lot, and it is a short walk to the beach. The sand here is a mix of soft white powder and course red seashell. Just down from the park, a WWII submarine lookout tower still exists if you are a history buff. If you surf, come here when there is a tropical system 200-400 miles off of the coast.  It has a deep drop off and goes off, big time.
There are two things I remembered most (ok maybe a few more) from my short vacation to Florida, and this was one of them. Although we didn't venture too far inside the park (we opted to stay near the beach) it's clear to see that people take pride in it. It's clean, monitored (saw a parked cop) and the grounds are maintained quite nicely. I noticed recycling bins, bathrooms, and smiling faces. There's not much more you can ask from a beachside park. :) We were able to enjoy the weather next to crashing waves and take in an awesome beachside experience all thanks to Bicentennial. Thanks, FL, for paying to keep this park real.
Beautiful Bicentennial! Bicentennial Park is a great retreat for both adults and kids. It's basically a beachside park with all the facilities of a regular park! It's a great place for family retreats, date nights, or to just get away from it all. The Good: Plenty to Do: Of course the first thing you'll probably hit at Bicentennial Park is the Beach, and honestly who would blame you? It's beautiful, and there's hardly ever anyone ever there, so it's very private. But let's say you want to do something else. There's tennis courts, a volleyball setup, and even a playground. And if you're looking to make a day of it, well there are covered picnic tables for your use. Not Just Cheap, Free!: Anyone who visits the Daytona area often knows that the free public beach is a dying breed, so it is nice to see that some still survive The Bad: N/A Bicentennial Park is an absolutely darling public beach with enough facilities to be a full-fledged park even without the beach. Stay for an hour or stay for a day, because this place is almost never crowded, and well worth the drive if it is out of your way! Overall 10/10= Better Get to Bicentennial
Brought my dog to play in the dog runs... the big-dog area (25lbs+) was under construction at the time, but the small dog area had great grass... was very clean. They have built-in dog fountains and plenty of room.  Completely closed-in. There's not a whole lot of shade, but totally worth the trip.
This is a great place to play tennis and work on batting practice.  There are a couple of nature trails and a great place to have a picnic with the best view in town.
I've never been to this park, per se, but it is adjacent to the most beautiful stretch of beach in the Daytona Beach area. Once you get past the condos just south of the park, S.R. A1A runs along a this pristine stretch of beach for a good 20 miles. There's parking on the shoulder every few miles, and walkways to get you over the dunes. Unlike the rest of Daytona Beach, the beach here is narrow, soft and overlooked by steep dunes. It's a very tranquil atmosphere, and you're guaranteed to have the place pretty much to yourself. The lifeguard towers only go up so far, so be careful if you're swimming. It's a great place for a day (or night!) at the beach, or just for a long drive up to Flagler and back.
