Great facility - clean and well maintained.  Two different 18 hole courses. Fun for kids and adults. A bit pricey (hence 4 instead of 5 stars) but it is worth at least one visit while you are in the area.
At the end of the 18 holes a guy comes out of some booth and offers a ball asking if you need an extra. After asking more questions to see if your on vacation. He offers his global connections scheme. Parasailing, gift cards, vacation packages and so on. Then he needs you to pay 20 bucks and come to there event to try to reel you deeper into there tourist trap. Real shady business global connection! Not sure why pirates cove allows them to have a booth there. Watch out for pickup lines on your last hole.
As far as mini-golf places go, this is probably the best I've ever seen, but beware: it's a bit pricey.  Two 18-hole courses provide plenty of family-friendly entertainment.  My wife and I tried Blackbeard's Challenge and enjoyed it very much.  It's a solid course with some unique challenges.  Although we're visiting during the slow season, I'd recommend giving this place a try.
Awesome mini golf.   Two courses.  Staff was very friendly. Very clean and well maintained .
I've been all over the US and make it a point to play a miniature golf course at every place I visit.  Pirates cove is hands down the best, most inventive, and creative course I've played.  A got a couple hole in ones which rewarded me with a free game :-).  36 holes of great fun and challenge.
We needed to waste some time before leaving for the airport so we stopped here for a round of 18.  It was early in the day so it was not crowded.  They have 2 courses and I think we were the only ones on this particular one which is really nice because you know many of the mini-golf patrons are kids and they take FOREVER...  You get a change to get a free game if you get a hole in one on 3 different holes or you can get another game for $3 after you finish the one you just paid for.  Prices are average.  There are plenty of pretty colored balls to pick from and different size putters.  You can entertain yourself by reading the story of the pirates all through the courses.
It's your typical mini golf place.  The staff has always been really nice and it has some views of the beach.  I love that it's proximity to the ocean insures a breeze, so even the most beastly of the days have a bit of relief from the heat.  If you are going to the beach nearby or are staying near by, they have an all day option that is really a good deal.  It doesn't really work for me, but if you think you might go early and come back later, it is worth it.
Two separate courses.  I played the easier one of the two on my last visit.  The course is not too hard, but is challenging.  During my visit there were many groups of players, causing my group to wait a minute or two at some holes and causing the smaller group behind ours to wait sometimes.  Players over 12 cost $10.  A second game is $13, and a full day of play is advertised as $12.
