This is a very nice zoo. It's big enough to keep a four year old entertained for hours, but small enough that I could see everything and not be worn out by the time I'm done. There's also a ropes course when you are walking in. This old man will probably never try it out, but it's cool to know it's there. The gift shop has a lot of cute items for children. My granddaughter ended up suckering me into buying her a stuffed animal monkey. Also there is a section with little rides that cost a couple quarters to start. Like a little firetruck that the kiddies can sit in. I definitely recommend this zoo.
I've been taking the kids to the Central Florida Zoo for years. It's great for young children -- plenty of playground areas. I was disappointed to see the elephant was gone and that the camel they'd replaced it with was on leave. Talk about trading down! I was thinking of getting a family membership, but you can really see this zoo in an hour and not need to come back.
I have been to this zoo many times. I went here as a child and I have been a few times with the kids in recent years. Overall it is a pretty fun little zoo if you are local, especially if you have kids. They have a splash zone at the entrance which my kids go crazy for every time we go. They would be perfectly happy just doing that without the zoo. However if you actually want to see animals this place is a little on the mediocre side. A large portion of the park is walkways through the woods with no exhibits. Then you have a large area of animals that aren't really all that new to Floridians (gators, snakes, and such) As for the interesting parts you have elephants, kangaroos, emus, a few different types of monkeys, many exotic birds, and cheetahs (which I have never seen because those things are always sleeping.) There are a few cool little learning activities for the kids and an nice little gift shop. The food isn't too great, They only have a little snack bar which is pretty limited on variety. There are however snow cones next to the splash zone. They have a few other additions including a little petting zoo that's not all that great, a little ride around train at the parking lot, and an entire canopy of zip lines you can be trained on and ride. Overall it is a nice little inexpensive treat for the kids, but not very impressive for animal lovers. If you are local give it a shot. If you are on vacation, stick with the big parks and skip this one. favorite part...The sign that reads "future home of the Bengal tiger." That sign has been up for years. It's in front of trees, still no tiger.
Its not a big city zoo but its perfect for a few hours of learning about florida's local animals and a couple of world wide animals!  In addition to conservation teachings and a little petting zoo there are zip lines and a laser tag for an additional price.  Nice place spend a day with the family.
This isn't Animal Kingdom, Bush Gardens or The San Diego Zoo, but its a great way to kill a couple hours.   The price is cheap its $13 to get in or you can purchase a season pass.  I have watched many of the animals for years and watched the family dynamics.  They have really cool monkeys, I can watch them for hours.  They now have an area with zip lines and a laser tag course.  They offer several after hours events like brew at the zoo, and Halloween they have things for kids and adults.   Keep this in perspective, its cool for a several hours, but not an all day event.
It's a small zoo compared to many big city zoos. The walking paths are under the sprawling trees which helps fight the heat. The only good thing about the zoo was the reptile exhibit.
The wife and I decided to take our 7 month old daughter to the Central Florida Zoo in Sanford as a family fun day. We had heard mixed reviews about the zoo, but considering it cost 10 bucks for adults and the little one got in free, we figured it was worth a shot. We arrived right at 9am when the park opened so we could get through the park before it became too hot later in the day. Plenty of parking was available either by the train ride or right at the main gate. We were greeted with a smile and preceded right into the zoo and started to explore all of the different animals. We were surprised at the variety of animals considering the price of admission; kangaroos, elephants, tigers, monkeys, it was like a big zoo. Getting to the zoo early allowed us to see most of the animals up close because they were all being fed at the time. The elephants were particularly neat because the trainer brought bales of hay right in front of us so we could watch them eat. The zoo is very accessible with wooden boardwalks leading to all areas of the zoo. I am guessing, but I would say there were probably 30 to 40 different animal enclosures that we saw, and there were signs for new enclosures coming soon. Our daughter's favorite part of the zoo was the petting area where we had an up close encounter with a goat. You can buy food for $1 and feed the goats, llamas or bulls. There weren't many food options open in the morning, but that wasn't much of an issue since we were able to go through the whole zoo in about 2 hours, stopping to take breaks to watch the elephants and kangaroos of course. Air conditioning is limited to the snake/frog house, so plan on going on a cool day because it does get hot out there. Luckily there is a small water park in the zoo with animals that spray water and a nice shaded seating area for the parents, make sure to bring swimsuits. One thing I was not expecting was the ZoomAdventure course located all over the entire zoo property. It looks like this aerial adventure course was added in just the last year or so because everything looked brand new. The layout is massive stretching from the front gate to the park all the way back to the main entrance into the zoo. The course has long zip lines, rope bridges, swings, you name it. The catch is that the aerial course is not included in the price of the zoo, which may be a good or bad thing. You can go to the aerial adventure course only, without having to pay for the zoo, but if you planned on bringing your kids to the zoo and they see the aerial course, you may have to fork out some more cash. I didn't see the actual prices because we only went to the zoo, but I wouldn't mind coming back and trying to course. I look at it this way, parking at Disney or SeaWorld is between $12 and $14; that's more than the price of 1 adult admission to the Central Florida Zoo (where parking is free). Also, a round of mini golf in the Orlando area is about 10 bucks and usually lasts for 1 hour at the most. The zoo costs about 10 bucks and can last all day if you stretch it out, not to mention that it is interactive and educational. If you are looking for Disney's Animal Kingdom or SeaWorld, this is not the zoo for you, but if you are looking for a fun and affordable outing for the whole family, I would recommend this place.
Great for people with small kids, my friends and I went with a total of four kids all under 3 years old. They had a great time. Totally affordable and worth getting the annual pass if you live close by.
I took my 2 year old sister and son to the Central Florida Zoo recently. I was disappointed to see how very very little they actually had there. Mostly everything was unexciting birds and various monkeys. They do have a small petting zoo which was the highlight of the day.. or I should say few hours we were able to find anything to do there. They also have two elephants which my little sister thought were pretty neat. The price is reasonable, only $10 for adults and free for small children under 3, though the man at the admission tried to be sly and charge us for my 2 year old sister. I say pass if you can find somewhere better to go.
Good for toddlers and young kids. This is the train ride through the woods. Very cute. they have a carousel that is very small and old but the kids still like it and for $2 you can't go wrong. the train ride is $3 for adults and $2 for kids. i must warn the big tall guys that you will be uncomfortable riding this train since it is made for young ones and not tall daddys. lol  the zoo isn't so small but it isn't huge or the Bronx Zoo either. My husband works at the Bronx Zoo so I would know. For being a small unknown zoo they are doing a great job.  They have a playground for kids.  The animals are visible for the small kids and the walk around the zoo isn't so long that a 2 year old couldn't handle it.  very good job for the small funding they probably get. i totally recommend it!
A really cool zoo with lots of animals. I love the reptile zoo. You can feed the llamas, and goats and sheep at the petting zoo for only $1.
This is a smaller zoo compared to the big cities of the US. But...it's quite cute.  They do have 2 new exhibits coming soon.  A Tiger exhibit and a Otter pond thing. Looked like both new exhibits will be pretty cool.  They have added a sip line course. I didn't go on it, but it looked fun.  It took us probably less than 2 hours to go through it...in bigger zoos I've spend a whole day there, so be aware that it's a quick tour.
Absolutely the worst zoo I've ever been to.  The have about 10 animals (one of which is like a housecat) and most of them were not on exhibit when I was there.
This zoo is in Sanford, but that's right in the backyard of Orlando. It's close and reasonable in price, which add to the reasons to go there. At this zoo they have a pretty good verity of animals. You'll see elephants, llamas, kangaroos, emus, alligators, monkeys, birds, snakes, turkeys and so much more. Also they offer a area where you can purchase a cup of food for $1.00 to feed to some of the animals. It's nice cause it allows you to get close to some of the animals and actually pet them. In addition the zoo recently opened a little water park type section for kids so that they can cool off on those hot summer days.
My husband and I recently visited the Central Florida Zoo and had a great time. This medium-sized zoo allows you to see all the animals in one day. It's also very affordable, at about $12 per person. From kangaroos to leopards to exotic birds, expect to see a variety of animals. However, you're not going to see polar bears or marine life or the kind of large-scale exhibits that you'd see at a larger zoo. Great for a day with the kids, or a date. I recommend it.
Very good exhibits....nice walk way...worth your time to visit...
Good family fun especially with pre-teen and teens. We did low ropes course which included some zip lines. Then we went to the jungle course and really enjoyed the challenge of the higher and faster zip lines.  Challenging and extreme. Staff was very helpful and encouraging. Did the bubbles afterward. They were sweaty but had fun. Need some ice cream now! We will be back.
I happen to love the zoo here.  It is a bit light on the animals; this is coming from someone who grew up in Miami and the Miami Zoo is an amazing zoo.  The zoo seems to work hard to make it a fun and educational place for kids to go. I kind of felt I should have given it 4 stars, but since I can't think of anything they couldn't do with out spending a gazillion dollars, I went with the 5 stars.  Great little splash park, lots of cool programs, petting area, playground, butterfly gardens with giant chess/checkers board and the money you spend there goes to conservation and education.  They are always looking to improve the zoo.  Saturday around 3pm is feeding time in the "snake house."  Always cool thing to see.  I love that you can tell how dangerous the snake is by the way the mouse is introduced into the cage.  Sometimes the feeder will put the mouse in the (oh lets call them) extend-o-tongs and kind of nudge the snake so that they will eat .  The king cobra, the door flies open quickly the food is tossed in and door slammed shut!  In addition to all the zoo fun, they now have all these cool things to do in the wooded area out front.  Originally it was just the carousel and tiny train.  Now they have a very cool ropes course (zoom air) that is open the same hours as the zoo.  On weekends they have laser tag and a bungee jump too. If you expect a huge zoo like you would find in giant cities, you will be disappointed, but if you are just looking for a great day with the family, I think you will be very pleased.
Nice less hectic zoo. Don't have to rush to see everything because there is nothing to see. small zoo.
20% discount for AAA, 10% discount for military, bring your cards plus ID. Price includes admission to zoo only.  Outside activities including the carousel, the AWESOME kid's (4 and up) zip lines, and the train are ALL additional.  Train $3 per adult and $2 per kiddo, carousel $2 per kiddo, and zip line for kids STARTS at $18 but IS worth the money.  My oldest is 5 and had the time of his life on 12 stations and then an add'l 19 stations.  Loved it.  Little guy (3) loved the train.  Once we entered the zoo, we saw: 3 cheetahs, 2 huge turtles, numerous birds, 3 kangaroos, 3 ostrich, 1 cougar, and a few monkeys.  WEAR sneakers!  And, bring the kids bathing suits plus sunscreen as the water splash pad is a great way to end the HOT FL day.  We originally bought the one day pass but on the way out I upgraded to the family year round pass (I'm SURE we will be back at least once just to show my husband).  Outside food is not allowed which is a bummer because bottled water is $2 which I think is pricey.  I didn't price any food as we ate before we arrived.  This is a small quaint zoo.  We were there for 3 hours (I think we spend an hour on the zip line).  Great photo shots w/ your kids hanging in the forest up in the air!  Again, sneakers are a must!  Have fun, we sure did!!! Forgot to mention the playground... very nice but my kids weren't interested because they wanted to hit the splash pad.
It's small and comfortable. Perfect for my 3 and 1 year old.  Between the animals, playground, and splash park we are good to go.  If they were older we would have to step it up. The employees are friendly and knowledgeable.  We had engaging conversations with team members about giraffes and snakes. My 3 year old LOVED the little train ride. The pass is so worth it. We will definitely go back again and again.
I thought overall the zoo was very nice with boardwalks and newer habitats for the animals. The guy that holds the hawk was very friendly and knows lots of information  about birds. He was the coolest guy here!! The reason for my review is that this a VERY small. The animals habitats are nice, but they are small. The animals do not have a lot  of room to play. I felt bad that they were in such small areas.
I don't know if it was the heat or not, but I was expecting a bit more from this zoo. I didn't spend much time here, but I felt it looked a bit shabby. It probably does't help that Animal Kingdom is where I enjoy watching the animals and I'm not a fan of zoos in general. It appeared that many of the exhibits needed updating or were in the process of getting updated.  The new giraffe exhibit was nice and you can spend $5 to feed them. There is a splash pad for kids and Zoom Air is located here as well. When you have these extras at the zoo, that tells me there isn't much to see and they are looking for other ways to bring folks in.   I can see an Annual Pass being a good way for a family to spend time here. I would have a better time enjoying lunch at Sanaa and watching the animals at Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge.
Nice zoo. Small. A bit pricey for the size. Nice petting zoo where you can buy food for the animals. Kids loved the Splash playground. Main complaint is I felt a lot of the enclosures were way too small for the animals they were holding :-(
All in all, a decent little zoo that is almost completely suspended on a wooden boardwalk, due to the moist ground. The animal selection isn't the greatest I've ever seen, but for a small-town zoo, it is decent. The herpetarium is rather impressive (and not just because of the excellent air conditioning). The snakes, most of which are found in Florida, seem to be quite active, and the various scenes in their tanks are interesting. The large splash pad offers a welcome respite from the oppressive heat of the Floridian summer! I didn't take part in any of the activities outside the zoo (zip lines, Atlasphere-type balls that float on water, etc.), but my tyke and I rode the miniature train. As the train essentially does a lap around the parking lot, I didn't find it worth the $3 fee. Too bad the train doesn't go through the zoo! My only major suggestion for the zoo staff is to add more signage or improve the map - the boardwalk was difficult to navigate, and while I'm certain I saw most of the exhibits, I very well could have missed some. In any event, I'll be back someday.
Overall a relaxing day spent with my family for a decent price. Location: This was the only sorespot on this trip. Google maps clearly didn't understand where it was. The directions took us to a Walmart. Thankfully, my aunt had made it there already, so she gave us directions. Best thing to do, is call and get the machine's directions. Pricing: $14.95 per adult, kids under 2 free. Strollers are $6. Food: Now, we did not actually purchase any food here. They very nicely have a picnic area, which we found out on the website, so we packed our own lunch and brought it with us and had a fabulous picnic lunch while there. They had many tables and some even covered in case of rain. Animal Exhibits: We were looking for a zoo that was conducive for a two year old, and this one was perfect. My favorites were the Rhinos, alligators, and the cats. Animals were easy to see with board walks all around, so it wasn't messy. It was quite easy to navigate. Downside was that the trains weren't running that day. Other Activities: They also had zip-lining, trampolines, and other various activities.
We had a nice relaxing stroll through the zoo with our toddler. He enjoyed seeing the animals in real life. Having been to many world class zoos (Philadelphia, DC, San Diego) we were a little underwhelmed) but I suppose the climate doesn't permit certain types of animal to live here. There's a water park inside the zoo, with changing rooms. There's a little train that roams about. There's an extensive network of canopy climbs and zip lining (for an additional fee). We also saw a bouncy harnessy kinda getup, and a set of giant inflated balls that you climb into and "walk on water" also for an additional fee. Overall a nice day for the family.
This is a nice, small zoo that's fun for an afternoon. For two adults it was about $30 and we were able to spend several hours looking at the exhibits. There are a few large cats; rhinos; alligators and crocodiles; lots of birds; a little petting zoo area with llamas, alpacas, goats, chickens, turkeys, and a camel; and others throughout the zoo. Many of the animals were out and about while we visited, although the otters were either hiding or outside of their exhibit. There are a few snack bars and other attractions (a train, a carousel, etc.). The snow cones were nice, although bring cash because that part is cash only. All in all, it was an enjoyable way to spend a July afternoon in Central Florida!
I really loved this zoo as a small, stupid child who had a subscription to "Ranger Rick," but as a grownup I just can't do it anymore. This zoo contains a lot of sad felines in small cages. Throughout our two-hour journey, we were subjected to depressed large cats constantly pacing behind bars. Only the cheetah gets a lot of room to roam, and he too spends the day in a constant roam around the perimeter of the fenced in area. The few animals remaining, like the sloths and porcupines, also seem kind of despondent. I'm pretty sure the alligator needs a psychiatric intervention. The only happy animals we encountered were in the petting zoo, where for a few bucks you can have goats, cows and llamas lick dog kibble out of your hand. I dig goats because they're like demonic dogs, and llamas because they're so damn snotty, so this really is the only high point I could find here. I'm not too sure if Central Florida Zoo has the capacity to care for the animals it has, and it's really too small to captivate a person who no longer craps their pants. Sadly, we are parting ways.
Event: 3 adults, Monday morning visit Pros: -Something to do in the area -Range of animals, including cougar, cheetah, camel -Easy entry/no wait -Good information boards about animals Cons: -Cost extra to ride the entry 'train' (essentially a tram ride around the parking lot) -Bad food options-- a hidden shed with a couple of options, and a few vending machines scattered around Sum: Better than being in a cage I suppose!
Love me some Zoo action.  The only other ones I have been to was the Philadelphia Zoo, Busch Gardens and Animal Kingdom so actual Zoo visits are limited.  I REALLY want to go to the San Diego and Bronx Zoo really bad. Anyway, my point of all that is to let you know the CFL Zoo is not overly impressive.  Is it a great stop to enjoy a couple of hours outdoors, YES! Is it an all day adventure? Not really. The price for a few hours of entertainment is pretty decent. It was a little sad as far as grandness, not really sure why, possibly because it is a small scale zoo and the animal areas are not that huge compared to the amount of land that seems to be available?  I did really enjoy all of the monkeys and birds though. My favorite part that I could have spent hours in with a nice cold iced tea and a book would be the butterfly garden.  It was small but so pretty and a good amount of butterflies.   Overall, I would def go back but am really looking forward to the improvements and additions they are making!
I'm disappointed reading the other reviews giving Central Florida Zoo only 2 and 3 stars.  They have limited animals, so?  It's a funding issue, not a quality issue.  If you're interested in seeing more animals, how about considering donating to the zoo.  You do realize that it's primarily donations that feed and house the animals, right?  It's a small zoo and isn't comparable to the Bronx zoo and others, but for what they have, it's spectacular. Even though the acreage isn't impressive, there's a great wooden walkway throughout the zoo that must have taken quite a while to construct.  The exhibits have different angles for viewing which is also nice.  My favorite part of my visit is definitely chit chatting with the macaws.
Great zoo, made a lot of progress over the years and have expanded a lot. I've been going since they had a bear and hippo's (for any Yelper's out there that can relate) so about 20 years. Now that I am old enough to drink I can enjoy there yearly event 'Brews at the Zoo': best.event.ever. All you can drink beer (good beer too, craft beers like Golden Monkey, Magic Hat, Orlando Brewery, etc.) and all you can eat food! In the middle of all this fun, there are animals because you are IN A ZOO (it can slip your mind from time to time when the drinking starts). Going this year for sure, flying down from GA...wouldn't miss it! Recommend to all! Kids for there summer programs (I don't know if they are good anymore, they were when I was a kid), couples, everyone! Who doesn't like the zoo?
I've been looking forward to going back to the zoo for a while and finally got to go this past Saturday. I love animals and support conservation and am looking forward to instilling those values in my son. I remember way back in the day this zoo was nothing but cement cages with sad animals pacing back and worth. The zoo has come a long way since those days. The animals are all in appropriate habitats and don't have the repetitive behaviors that indicate stress. In fact, it was kind of a let down that most of the animals were holed up asleep when we visited. We started with a nice walk along a boardwalk that meanders through some swampy vegetation and walks you past some raptors and gators. We saw some monkeys, porcupines, large cats, Asian elephants, kangaroos, emus, and tons of different birds. The only demo or organized presentation we saw was available was the elephant demo. It was OK, and I thought the narrator must be new since she was reading straight from her paper but at the end of the show the keepers said it was her last presentation after 3 years! Hmmm... Elephants are always cool and they had the 2 females going through some behaviors and followed up with a question/answer session. There was also an "encounter" available for $9.50 which we did not do. There is a very small petting/feeding area that has 3 goats, 2 small cows, 2 turkeys, another goat and one disinterested llama. You don't walk among them, just feed them through the fence, or in the goats case he was practically climbing out to get at our little food cup! The big hit for my 1 year old son was the splash zone. The kids loved running around and cooling off while the adults relaxed in one of the Adirondack chairs nearby. There are animals that spray water from their noses, palm trees that rain down mist, funnels that fill up with water that tip over splashing their contents and lots of little fountains that shoot out of the ground for a few minutes before disappearing for a time. This made the park for my boy, and from the looks of it, most of the kids. We checked out the small but neat insect house that, thankfully, is air conditioned. We also for $3 per adult took a ride on the cute mini-train that circles the parking lot. There is a carousel too that costs and extra $2. I thought I would get an annual pass and it would be a fun thing to do every so often with my boy. After visiting we decided to wait until next year. The zoo has come a long way and I see new exhibits coming but they are notably missing some major animals. There were no hoofed animals (besides the petting area)- no giraffe, zebra, antelope of even deer. There is probably too much competition from places like Animal Kingdom and Busch Gardens- but how can this little zoo compete? And from a parent's perspective I was disappointed in the food/drink offerings. Not that it's a big deal but they don't allow outside food/drinks but didn't sell juice for kids and have a very limited food selection- like corn dogs, hot dogs, etc. Oh, and no soft serve ice cream! I couldn't believe it! It just seems like the thing to do at the zoo, have an ice cream cone!
GREAT for kids. This zoo is small and has a small town "homey" feel to it. It can take about 2-3 hours to walk through the entire zoo but they have extra activities which, if done, CAN make your visit an "all day" event. The "extras" include a train ride, zip-lining, obstacle courses, and other physical activities. There's also a water play area and a playground. There's not a WHOLE lot of animals to see but the ones they do have are interesting. I like that they were very close because we were able to appreciate them more and get great pictures. All of the animals were lively. My favorite would have to be "Gus" the Camel. He played kickball and raced with the zookeepers. He was VERY lovable and entertaining. The zookeepers/animal trainers were walking around answering guests questions and interacting with the animals which is something you never/rarely see at big city zoos. I was disappointed with the butterfly garden because we didn't see ANY butterflies at ALL but (I guess) that's not the zoos fault. If you're looking for a non-Disney and/or inexpensive attraction for your kids in this area, I would recommend it. Tip: AAA members get a 20% discount on admission.
The best thing about this zoo was the zip lining outside the zoo. Its very small and how can They compete with Animal Kingdom? If you want a laid back, slow paced, place to take very small children come here. If you would like to take your date somewhere where no one will see you with her, come here. Seriously, if you want to see a  zoo in the Orlando  area go to Animal Kingdom and get your rides and fill of exotic animals.   If your looking for a smaller experience go to I would recommend gatorland as a more fulfilling option for adults and teens.
I love the zoo! I took my second graders here recently for a field trip and was highly impressed by their educational program. The staff is completely knowledgeable and put on a great show for the youngsters. The program is well structured and FUN. They offer programs for different age groups at very affordable rates. If you're going on your own, it's cheap! Only $11 bucks for adults... woohoo! As far as the animal exhibits go, they have it all. We saw everything from snakes to elephants. The elephant exhibit was pretty impressive, but my only gripe is that they were so far away that we could barely see them. Granted, it was a HOT Florida day so they probably were very happy in the shade. All the animals at this zoo seem well-cared for and healthy. The staff really seems to have a love for animals and enjoyment of their jobs. This is a great place to spend a fun (and educational) day whether you have children or not!
Who doesn't love the Zoo?? The Central Florida Zoo (Formerly the Sanford Zoo) is a great place for kids and adults to visit and learn about all kinds of animals. The Good: Animal Exhibits:This place has mammal, reptile and bird exhibits, and have every thing from tiny porcupines to large Elephants. All of the animals are in very nice environments, and there are shows and demonstrations throughout the day. Cheap Entertainment: At $11 for adults and $7 for kids, this is definitely one of the cheapest ways to spend a day with the family. And who knows, you just might learn something! The Bad: N/a I loved visiting this zoo when I was a kid, and now taking my little one here is more fun than ever! A must for families! Overall 9.1/10 Animal Explorations!
People that come here from large cites might be disappointed with the Central Florida Zoo. There aren't a whole lot of animals. It's a very small zoo, with gardens and trails. When I first visited I didn't like it and kinda felt ripped off, but I was used to ginormous zoos that are more like theme parks. The more I visited the zoo the more I enjoyed it, and its intimate qualities. They are constantly trying to improve which is a huge plus. I think everyone can imagine how cool this place could be.  For now I'd like to think of myself a a loyal local zoo follower that sees the glass half full! The pros: a small splash park for small kids. nice trails and gardens small petting area The cons: not a lot of animals some of the exhibits seem to be closed all the time the cafe is very basic
Lions, Tigers, and Bears, oh yeah!  I had not been here in quite a while.  Long enough to remember the animals in cages in the middle of the woods.  No habitats, just cages.  Clearly there have been some upgrades.  This zoo has grown quite a bit over the years and it seems that there are some new exhibits on the way in the near future.  It is a nice middle sized zoo with many of the usual suspects.  My daughter is a fan of the cheetah.   One thing that was nice to see was the addition of things other than zoo exhibits.  There is a seemingly intricate series of zip-lines for just about all ages which looks fairly extensive.  There is also a train ride, carousel, jump set, and birthday party support.   Overall, it was nice to visit.  Though it had a long way to go to become the St Louis Zoo (which happens to be one of the best I have been to).  The enclosures are far better than they have been.  It was an enjoyable visit for me and my daughter.
Nice zoo for the family and adults. Great time and enjoyed the exhibits.
Not the greatest zoo I've ever been to. In my opinion really quite awful as far as zoo's go.  The coolest thing we saw were some pretty funny kangaroos and the "petting zoo" portion is pretty nice where you can hand feed some cows.  There is nothing really exciting or enticing about this zoo.  The exhibits are lack luster and its just not a visually pleasant place.  We went during the Halloween event last year and it just was a bit disappointing. A great animal experience is GreenMeadows Petting Zoo, you get to interact with lots of animals.  It is a bit pricy but they offer a great coupon in the entertainment book.   But yeah "Central Florida Zoo" is nothing really too exciting, and the train ride and zip lining that they offer are pretty overpriced.
I have seen some zoos. Some are enormous and full of animals, and by nature (haha get it!) are awesome because of that. And what other zoos might lack in size, they make up for in character or a few outstanding exhibits. Central Florida Zoo is DEFINITELY a smaller-scale zoo, but it manages to provide a few hours of entertainment nonetheless. It is a decent size park, which the Zoo definitely uses to its advantage by spreading the exhibits out all across its land. However, they put a lot of exhibits together so you don't feel like you're walking miles to get to an animal. The "diversity" of the animals, however, seems to be lacking. There are a LOT of birds...which is fine, but almost every single exhibit incorporates a bird in some way. In the sloth exhibit, there are birds. In the temporary exhibit for Gus the Shriner's Camel, there are birds. Even in the blue macaw exhibit, there are OTHER birds plus macaws! It started to feel like a Hitchcock movie. The zoo is in the process of revamping some of their exhibits, and I really missed seeing the elephants :( (the zoo's long-time resident elephant Maude retired to Zoo Miami recently). Hopefully, the renovations will "spruce" the park up a little bit, and give new life to an attraction that has such great potential! If you have kids, the splash park looked like it was a huge hit, and the zip-line course was relatively cheap! All in all, I enjoyed my time here, and I can't wait to see how the good people of the CFL Zoo will work to make their park even better!
I won't be back.  The enclosures are small and most are not natural habitat.   I cried looking at the small enclosures many of the big cats are in.   If you are in the area go to Brevard Zoo (Melbourne Florida)  or if you can make it to Tampa go to Lowry Park Zoo which has been voted #1 by Parents Magazine.  In the Naples area - the Naples Zoo is also fantastic (I adore their "Monkey Island")
My wife have gone to a couple other zoos in the area -- Lowry Park Zoo in Tampa and the Jacksonville Zoo -- and they are both better than this one. It's still pretty good, but nothing great. For $10.95, you get what you pay for: a couple of hours killed. We didn't get a chance to see any of their shows, but most of the animals in the exhibits were active (we went in February). They have a feeding area for goats, llamas, cows and turkeys where you can buy food for $1. This was the most fun part of the day. Everyone in the area was laughing and having a good time. I think we'd go back again, but not for a while.
This is a fantastic local zoo with a great variety of animals!! Only about 15 minutes from Orland and only $12 per person admission makes this an awesome attraction! My mom and I trekked out to the zoo on a recent Saturday afternoon. It was hot, really hot, but the shade on the paths and the distractions of the animals made it totally bearable!! You get really close to these animals, and there are tons to choose from... a wide variety of primates and cats and a great elephant house! There are also insects and reptiles from central Florida and beyond. There are a number of birds, including two eagles that are hidden in the back path, so be sure to take the walk. My favorite was the petting zoo, which had some animals with LOTS of personality! The food was only $1 and we met some sheet, goats and cows who were very friendly and love the attention (food)! There are hand washing stations right at the zoo, so no worries for you germaphobes! There is also a little water play area for the kids, but it looked pretty tempting for us as well! :) I am looking forward to trying to ropes course very soon- it looks awesome!!
I've lived in Central  Florida over 30 years.  I actually visited the zoo for the first time today as a volunteer, not a guest.  Our job was to help staff with general cleanup (landscaping) on the grounds.  I was pleasantly surprised by not only the property itself, but how well kept it is  This is a very special zoo, and I imagine great to visit for a stress free day.  The animals I encountered seemed very happy as well.  The Zoo staff that directed my group was patient and gave us good guidance.  Me and my husband will definitely be returning as paying guests!  Not understanding these negative reviews.  I think everyone is trying to compare this zoo with the San Diego Zoo or Animal Kingdom?  ummm Hello?  This is a small town Zoo that is not for profit.
I love animals so anywhere with at least one elephant is going to get two stars, but seriously folks has anyone here ever been to a real zoo?  I.E, San Diego, Bronx, Atlanta, St. Louis, Washington DC, Cincinnatti.  Maybe I have been spoiled by those zoos, but seriously I have almost as many animals:, the occassional racoon, squirrel possom, frogs and other detestable Central Florida creatures as they have animals in the entire zoo.  If you are planning your day alot yourself a full hour to see all this place has to offer.   Does Disney own everything within 100 miles and purposely keeps it awful to assure that people will only pump their money into Disney?  If admission to this zoo were free you would feel over charged.
Just visited today, 3 adults and 2 kids age 5. Not impressed. Many areas have no shade and it is awful in the heat. No security guards and no one checks bags. You can bring in backpacks, coolers, etc so sneak in your own food and avoid the price gouging at the snack bars. No bag checks mean people could bring in weapons! Many animals are in dark enclosures and difficult to see. Splash zone is surrounded by concrete or hard rock, very slippery and dangerous for kids. I saw a toddler slip and fall while I was there. Watch out for bees by snack bar and garbage cans. Not enough to engage or entertain young kids. I don't recommend this zoo.
