I'm very glad this is close to home.  I got drawn in here because of trivia that they have every Wednesday, hosted by Q103.  A group of us came and have been back multiple times.  The food is delicious.  We have gotten the Baron Babies, basically little pillows of deliciousness covered in garlic and butter, and a few different types of pizza.  I have to say their crust is really good, and have no complaints about the pizza at all.  My bf ordered a pizza roll once, and it was huge!  It could have fed 3 people, and it was only 8.00.  We tried the veggie burger once, wouldn't order that again...but really the pizza is the star of the menu.  I wish they had more beer specials and I wish it was bigger!  It is very cozy and can't sit that many people,. so if you go to trivia, make sure you get there early so you can get a seat!
I'll keep this short. They earned the 4 stars. Pizza great when it comes out hot. Nachoes DO need more toppings. The beer. Plenty to select from even when they run out of your favorite. They have great deals on on Groupon or Double Take Deals. Wednesday's are great for Trivia night. Go team Sunny Cohoes!
The Lager House breathes new life in the spot formerly occupied by Courtney's. Normally somewhere like this would go completely under my radar because I do not drink so a place which I know nothing about better have something to draw me in. In this case I had previously worked at Courtney's for a number of years before it changed owners and inevitably closed. So I was interested in seeing what changes had been made. A friend and fellow ex-coworker accompanied me in this quest. While the exterior remains the same much of the interior has been redone with a fresher, more modern look. Behind the bar are shelves which showcase many of the craft beers they serve and are trying a build a reputation on.  The menu has a familiar feel but with many new twists. Surprisingly they serve a Courtney's staple. Baron Babies, which are bite sized dough balls brushed with garlic butter and sprinkled with parmesan cheese. I had to try an order of these for old times sake. And if you check in on facebook and tag 2 friends, you can get a free order. They tasted just like I remembered. Next I figured I should see how their pizza stacked up. There were many original toppings such as ale braised Italian sausage and house marinated porter beer portabella mushrooms. I decided to get these two toppings as well as bacon. The flavors were really different than your run of the mill pizza toppings and quite good. Service is very friendly and the owners seem like great guys so I wish them good luck. I'm just not sure what niche they are trying to fill though. There are only two TVs so it doesn't seem like much of a sports bar. They do deliver but you wouldn't expect it from the name and I haven't noticed much advertisement for delivery. In the end its a good local place to bring the family, hang out and eat some pizza and subs.
I'm updating my review for The Lager House , I'm adding an extra star because generally this place is good and sometimes great. I'll admit I have love / hate relationship with the Lager House because I've had just as many bad/ confusing experiences here as I've had great experiences. GOOD TIMES:: I walk my dog here sometimes in the summer and one particular staff member will see me and GF coming and grab a dog bowl so my little guy can have something to drink while we sit outside and do the same. The outdoor patio area isn't great,  I'm glad it's there and it makes for a nice respite before I take the 15-20 minute walk back home. BAD TIMES:: I came here for dinner one night with some friends and service was reallllllllllllllyyyy SLLOOWWW. To the point where I was going to just get up and go to the bar and pour the beer myself. It's not an usual occurrence for the service to be slow here and yes even when there are only 2-3 other people dining in . So during dinner the waiter came by asked if we needed anything, preemptively I ordered another beer because I knew this guy was slow as hell. He gave me a funny look however, when I asked for another IPA because mine was still half full. He took the order however and walked away. 15 minutes later and my IPA finished several minutes previously the waiter returned and asked, are you ready for that IPA now? WTF!?!?!? I was ready for it when I ordered it and I did that only because you suck. OTHER TIMES:: The bartenders here can be a bit ackward, I'm not sure who does the hiring but lets just say they don't get the stereotypical friendly bartender personalities. They aren't really rude just weird. Asking bartenders here questions about beers or etc. can often lead to awkward remarks and conversations. I just use beeradvocate on my phone, instead. They have live music here sometimes which is generally pretty lame and takes up most of the dining area. Also they started a new promotion on Mondays for "Open Mic Night" and 2 for 1 drafts before 5pm (I think). -- The Trivia night as covered in my previous review is still bad, don't bother with that. The prices here are a tad expensive for the food and drink , for what you get. However Lager House is always (every month) on doubletakedeals and groupon with $15 for $30 coupons which can be used on beer, food, etc. So that really helps bring the price down quite a bit. I think overall , The Lager House just needs to be bigger and not just in terms of the dining area but I think they need more beers on tap...they need more variety of food offered, they need to be open and staffed better longer and yes, they need more space in general. I'm told they are going to start brewing their own beer soon... so after I try some, checkout open mic night and happy hour.. I'll update my review. Perhaps Lager House will attain 5 star status someday. As for today , I'm being generous by giving 4 stars .. Lager House is definitely a quaint neighborhood bar with some undeniable charm but ultimately service is very inconsistent and doesn't hold up when compared to some of the better craft beer bars in the area. I would not seek this place out if it wasn't so close to my house.
I still really love the buffalo chicken calzone, but I'm downgrading my review because the last few experiences have been so disappointing. We bought a Groupon and went in to find the place packed and the chalkboard of beers erased. They were out of the first several things we asked about. Not just beer, but food. Out of this, out of that. No croutons for the salad, etc. She made it sound like they'd had a huge rush and hadn't restocked yet, but if you're going to advertise special deals, then you have to be prepared for extra business. Last week, we gave it one more shot. The beer list was still erased. If they'd had a rush, there was plenty of time to restock. I found a pumpkin beer that made me pretty happy, but the waitress offered to bring me samples of two beers and instead brought on full glass (luckily, it was good). They didn't have what my husband wanted. And our last few trips have been so disappointing, we probably won't be back unless there are some major changes. That makes me sad, because it's close and the prices are good. But if we're going to a place called The Lager House, they need to have lager. And ale and beer.
Let me start this out by saying I've been to a number of places that can be classified as "craft beer bars" in Albany and NYC. Generally these places have more taps than you can fit in a single picture, and a solid bottle selection, too. They also generally have really solid bar food to accompany higher alcohol beers. I have to say I haven't been impressed by this place and neither have my friends who've also visited. I was excited to try the Lager House, given Latham doesn't have the most extravagant craft beer scene in the world. I got in there and saw they offered flights (aka beer samplers). When I asked what beers from their massive beer board could be tasted in the flight, they told me only the half a dozen beers they had on tap, one of which was kicked. You mean out of that entire board of 20+ beers, only a handful or so are on tap??? Yikes. I wasn't exactly impressed by the food, and the service was pretty eh, as well. If the place had been advertised as a regular ol' bar, I would've had far fewer issues with the Lager House. If you want a true "craft beer bar" experience, trek down to City Beer Hall in Albany or out to The Bier Abbey in Schenectady. If you don't feel like leaving Latham, then check out Philly Bar instead. I hate to be a hater, but my expectations were not met.
Was here on Monday ... and yes, they're open! Unfortunately, they're re-doing the beer menu, as in "getting ready" for the fall. Yet, the tap selection was quite nice. The pulled pork sandwich reminded me of a burrito, interesting but it didn't quite work for me.
If I could rate it lower I would have. I order 2 large and 2 salads to go. Simple enough order for a pizza place. I get a call about 10 minutes later and was told that they ran out of large pizzas and only had medium. Wtf ? That doesn't even make sense. That should have been clue one. I was told 40 minutes to go and pick it up. I show up. 50 minutes later and was told it would be another 20 minutes because they were so busy. There was 3 tables and 6-7 people at the bar. They asked if we wanted it. Second clue. I dropped off people and went back 25 minutes later. We I asked for the pizza the girl disappeared and came back said the cook was just putting it in. Finally 1 hour and 45 minutes later I finally get the pizza and salad. And to be honest the pizza wasn't very good. I've worked in the restaurant business for years but this was unbelievable.  Never again will I order from here.
Food & beer did not disappoint on 2nd visit.  Memphis pulled pork pizza was great, and had a couple of good/interesting beers.  Bartender & owners very nice.  Place was nearly full on a Friday night, but no problem finding a spot at the bar.  Bathroom could have been cleaner, but overall, a good, friendly place for food & beer.
Love it!  I am so happy that Latham now has a good craft beer bar!  It's small, which isn't a bad thing as far as I'm concerned.  The bartenders were very friendly, and the beer choices were great.  Lots of locally-brewed beers of all varieties.  My boyfriend had one of their pizzas and loved it.  Great beer and great pizza?  Win-Win.
Summary- Neighborhood bar type place has a rough night. Food- 2 Stars The Nacho's we ordered were a joke. Maybe it was just a bad choice, but I never think anything on a menu should be that meh. Just lacking in toppings all around, no significant flavor of any kind and light on the cheese. The Salsa on the side was straight from bottle. We were starving, so we ate almost all the chips by dipping them in the sour cream. Pizza- We got a Pizza with onions, spinach, and artichoke hearts. It was OKish, but the spinach was clearly out of a frozen pre-chopped package and was poorly distributed. The crust was good if you like thicker pizza. Atmosphere- 3 Stars Cute little place, parking appears to be an issue. Nice outdoor seating. When a band plays find cover, you can't hear anything inside. Service- 3 Stars Had to borrow menu's from table next door, had to ask for setups so we could eat our nachos. Otherwise fine. Drinks- 1 Star Based on the name and the reviews I was hoping this would be a great selection. It wasn't, they had two whole beers on tap (don't blow me away!), one of which is an Coors product (Batch 19). The bottle menu looked  pretty solid, so I asked for a cool named IPA I had never seen before. They didn't have it. I told my wife they should change their name to Tiny No Beer House.
If you're looking for a cozy spot with simple, delicious and creative sandwiches and pizza and a surprisingly vast selection of over 30 craft brews then the Lager House is the place for you.  We went for a late lunch on the day of their grand opening and loved the charm of the small-ish dining room with fun odds and ends on the walls.  We were the only people in the restaurant so we sat at the bar where the bartender was prepping for the big opening night.  She was great, really sweet and chatty.  We ordered some sandwiches and the old favorite from Courtney's, the Baron's Babies.  They were still working out some kinks and they weren't made until after our meals (apparently the slip never printed in the kitchen lol) but they were delicious!  We met the owners who are fantastic, down to earth guys who are doing what they love.   The food was great, really yummy and creative. My boyfriend loved the  awesome flavors of the Pale-Ale Marinated Philly Cheese Steak sub.  I ordered the Hot Italian sub and it was aaaa-mazing.  I loved it and I can't wait to get it again.  Both subs were piled with fresh, tasty meats, melted cheese and grilled veggies and the foot-long bread was warm and toasted to perfection.  The side of pasta salad was fresh and the standard chips and pickle were good too.  You definitely get a lot of food for a really decent price, the bill for entrees and six beers was just over $50. As for the beer selection, it's awesome.  Thanks to the rain our plan to go pumpkin picking was foiled so we stayed for a few more of the many beers they have to offer.  We were surprised to see some of our favorite craft beers and lots of new ones and we were happy to hang out and try them while staying out of the rain!  The owners, John and Aaron, talked about their plan on having the wide selection updated regularly and how they will rotate in seasonal and specialty brews as well.   Don't let the size of the place keep you away.  It's owned and managed by a fantastic group of people who are in this because they love it.  We had a wonderful experience there and we can't wait to go back.
Our return visit reinforces our desire to return again.  We were ready to try some food this time around.  I ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich ($9.95) - pulled pork braised in house, served on a fresh hard roll with house-made brown ale BBQ sauce.  It was tasty, although I would have liked it a bit more smokey flavored.  The BBQ sauce was nice, not overly sweet. My wife ordered the Chilager Pizza ($8.95/11.95/15.95) - a "Windy-City" style white pizza with ale braised Italian sausage, crushed tomatoes, parmesan cheese and fresh basil.  This is a thick crust pizza with nice fennel flavors from the sausage and just enough basil and parmesan to blend all the flavors into a tasty meal. Our draft beers, all 16 oz. pints, were Sierra Nevada Foam ($5; black board said $3 tonight between 5 and 8 pm, but we were charged $5 at 7 pm.); Batch 19; Chatham Brewing Porter; and Olde Saratoga Summer Ale. There are still a couple of food items that interest us, so we'll return.  Friendly service.
An awesome beer list broken out by type of beer and alcohol percentage (see photo) was complimented well by a great NY-style margherita pizza and friendly service. It was quiet on a Tuesday night when we came in, but we had a very pleasant experience.
Love love love the Lager house! The owners were incredibly friendly and chatted with us throughout our stay. The meat livers pizza was incredible and just as good reheated that night (a rarity!) Definitely worth the trip if you're in Albany. Great find!
A nice little beer & pizza place. Small, with perhaps 10-12 tables in the dining area plus a bar/. I am giving them the benefit of the doubt with 4 stars since on our 1 visit we did not order either beer nor pizza (we will try those next time). The cheezy garlic bread is very good - nice, fresh italian bread lightly toasted with cheese. The marinated cheese steak sandwhich was very tasty - again, the fresh bread is key. Not a huge amount of meat but still a good sized sandwich. Service was excellent - but we were the only people in the dining area at the time.
Stopped in for a beer and pizza. Great beer selection! Definitely something for everyone. We had the pulled pork pizza - very tasty. They lose a star for the lack of ambience. The placement of TV's don't make it easy to watch the game unless you are right at the bar. And the dining room lacks warmth. A lager house should feel like a logger house. Hopefully the place keeps it up. Easier/more parking would help too.
We went to Lager House when we were looking just for some everyday good fare with some good reviews and say Lager house was rated 4 stars on Yelp - we thought this had to be good. They had some good selections on there, and I think there was a lot of potential on this menu, but that maybe I picked one of the not quite there items on the menu. I was very torn between the pulled pork roll or the buffalo chicken roll - and ended up settling on the buffalo chicken when my sister said she would get the pulled pork and let me try hers. Someone at our table ordered potato skins - they were average, nothing special here, tasted like your standard potato skin. The rolls - I can see the potential, so I would go back and give it another try, under the pretext that I am hoping I could ask for certain additions to the roll when ordered. My roll - it tasted as a buffalo chicken roll should. The heat was good, nothing overwhelming, but still had a kick to it, and the meat to bread ratio was very good. The blue cheese was a bit too much for me though. They have a very strong blue cheese that they keep in house - this is a personal preference, no fault of theirs - so I would like to see if I could change it to another cheese because for me the blue cheese overwhelmed the other flavors too much and took away from the roll. Despite my cheese preferences, there was nothing else about this roll to make it sing and make me need to have it again. My sister's roll is really the one I would go back and try again but would like to see if I could alter a little. The pork had a good taste but was a little dry - I would like to see if you could slather some of their bbq sauce right on the sandwich to juice it up a little bit. All in all - if you are just looking for some pub food one night and happen to be around here, sure stop in, you will get some decent enough food - but I don't think I would drive out of my way to go here.
Good menu, great beer selection, friendly service. We like to come when we can sit outside on the "patio."
This place is amazing! I've been there a handful of times now, and I've never been disappointed. If you love craft beer, then you'll love this place. They usually have about 40 different beers offered, and they always seem to be rotating in new selections. I've never had the same beer twice. A great place to try something new. The food is excellent. The first time I went, my brother and I got a pizza, and we were not disappointed. The crust was thin and crispy. We happened to get sausage on ours, and were told they make it themselves. We could tell. It was flavorful a fresh. I've also had the pulled pork sandwich, and was equally impressed. Just the right amount of sauce (also homemade with beer), and tender melty pork...so simple, so delicious. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention how reasonable the prices are on the food as well. Pretty sure the pulled pork sandwich was something like $6.50 and you get a pickle, chips, and homemade pasta salad along with the mountainous sandwich. A pretty good deal if you ask me. As for the service, you couldn't ask for better. Each time I've been there, one (or both) of the owners has been around. They love talking about the food, and they're both super knowledgeable about the beer. If you're looking to try something new, you can tell them a few beers that you know you like, and they'll make some great recommendations of some things to try. I've never been for trivia night, but I know people who have, and they said it was a great time. Needless to say, I highly recommend you check this place out. If you like the sound of any of the stuff I wrote above, I promise you won't be disappointed.
Good selection of beers and the good is good too! Fun bands. Small place but is very much a neighborhood joint. Friendly staff
This is my husband's ideal restaurant. Quality beer list and excellent menu. Hot and cold sandwiches, lots of pizza options and a nice bar. Their tomato sauce was quite good, which is a rarity in these parts. The chef obviously knows how to make delicious casual bar food and everything tasted fresh and great.
Have been dropping by here for awhile now, met the owner [John], along w/several of the bartenders [Courtney, Lauren], and love the place. Great local flavor, many brews on tap, trivia, bands, etc. ~!
Nice little bar in Albany.  Have a nice selection of good beer at least 40 or so.  There pizza is very good so don't hesitate to order it.  Great service as well.  Bar is small but clean and neat.  Looking forward to returning!
