This is the best place in Daytona. My wife and I love it so much that we had our wedding reception in the hotel restaurant. The food is very good and they have amazing cocktails. I like the Humming bird cocktail in particular. They have a fire pit you can sit around in the lounging chairs and look at the ocean while sipping the cocktail. Ah, what a life...
IMO, the only place to stay in the Daytona area.  Very comfortable, very well appointed, a great bar and no more expensive than any other hotel on Atlantic.   Highly recommended though a bit far from Ormond and Daytona proper.
The room is large. The decor is cute/feminine.  Service is great. The beds are plush and comfy...although the "queen" seems more like a full sized bed. The king is not big like a california king.  You can charge and play ipod from alarm clock and the room has a dvd player if you're into bringing netflix dvd's along for rainy days like today.  The sound barrier door is definitely a plus. The outdoor area is very nice with a tiki bar and pool.  You are literally on the beach...walk down the steps and you're on sand and directly in front from of the ocean!  The room service is fast and the food is good...although obviously expensive at a place like this.  I am here for a wedding and got the group discount.  If I can get a discount again, I will be back.   The other hotels nearby don't look nearly as nice as this one.  Request a room with a balcony.  Even if you don't have one...you will still get air flow in other rooms with just a window. (Some hotels don't have windows that open, this one does).
After a recent trip to Orlando we decided to go to Daytona Beach. Although the town looked like it fell on hard economic times, this resort was a great place for us to stay and enjoy the beach atmosphere. The hotel has a pool, tiki bar, firepits, and its steps away from the beach. We enjoyed the 5th floor room overlooking the Atlantic... nothing better than to hear the waves at night. The room had WiFi included and complimentary beach towels (though small, they fulfilled their purpose). We had breakfast and dinner at their restaurant (Azure) which was great as was our experience at the outdoor bar where we ordered food while at the pool. If you are visiting Daytona, I would highly recommend this hotel!
Just discover this place, wow!   I've been living here for 8 years, wishing I had a place on the ocean to enjoy a night out, besides the Ocean Deck!   This place is so perfect!  Tiki bar,pool, fire pits, the whole package right here! Last night we went to dinner at the Azure, the restaurant inside. It was upscale, fine dining and delicious! The service was outstanding!   The sous chef Trey was so good and welcoming!  He went out of his way to make sure we enjoyed our special occasion and put extra touches to it!  He even personally called me to pre arrange something special. I will be a regular from now on! If I needed a room, it would be at the Shores, where they have everything you need to enjoy yourself at the beach. You don't need to go anywhere, they have everything, even a spa!   That'll be my next visit, a pedi,massage,facial followed by dinner and an evening swim and drinks at the tiki bar! So for you locals,you don't have to stay there to enjoy this!
If you don't plan on spending money, don't come here. There are fees, but other hotels on this strip have them too. This is the only 4 star hotel on the beach strip. I wanted to have a quick get away with hubby because we are super busy people. I booked through a hotel booking site and got a great deal. Everything was paid for up front and the site I booked from even told me that they charge a 15 dollar resort fee everyday. Im glad the website was upfront about it. Check-in was at 4pm and we were greeted by valet with a smile and they were very helpful. They were so helpful that I thought they were literally going to carry me to the room lol! Great service, what can I say?The lobby was nice. It seems like they need to update some of the ottomans because the sides of them look rubbed and worn. Once I was checked in we headed to the room.  The elevator was nice and the mirrors were all clean. It was an oceanfront room with a king bed and balcony. Very nice. We opened the balcony door and inhaled deeply. I can say that opening and closing the door was quite difficult. It felt like just a task to deal with it. I almost broke into a sweat each time I had to open and close it. The bed is one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in at a hotel period. Once I laid down, I was out like a light. You know the bed is comfortable when you are out of the bed and all you can think about is getting back into it. The bathroom was nice as well and the safe was a great place for our computers and other valuable items. The water if the shower came out gentle as rain and I was informed they have low flow pressure attachments because they are going green. Sweet! Once I got out and dried off, to my disappointment, I didn't see a robe. :o( I searched high and low but I didn't get one with the room. It wasn't that big of a deal for me so I went downstairs to explore. They have a restaurant called Azure on site. I ate there for lunch and dinner and it has a separate review from this one. The pool area was nice and I loved the instant access to the beach. Just remember your code to get in and out of the gate. I didn't get to visit the spa, but it is at the top of my list for next time. Wifi is here (included in resort fee), but its not the best. It was very slow for phone. Luckily I have an ipad that has internet already so that worked out for me. Wifi for the computer did okay, but for some reason it would not stay connected on hubby's phone. Outside was nice. There are two fire pits and they are busy as soon as it gets dark. The trick is to wait until it is late and parents have to take their children back to the room. Once this happens, they are empty and you can have the fire pit to yourself and your significant other. At check in they gave us a s'mores kit and we roasted marshmallows, and had a nice little treat. They have a book on the table in the room that tells you that they are conserving water. In order to do this, they will change the sheets on the bed every 3rd day. If you want new sheets and towels everyday, just request them. This wasn't a problem for me. Valet was awesome during our stay. You have a choice to use valet for 17 a night or you can park your own car for 10 dollars a night. We chose valet because there is someone always out there paying attention to your vehicle. While I am sleeping, someone is out there. We did take a late night trip somewhere one night and a guy was out there and even in the wee hours of the night, he was awake and very polite. Every night here, we slept with our balcony door open. We were on the 3rd floor and it was very relaxing to hear the waves throughout the night and get a nice breeze. We didn't even use the air conditioning any day that we were there. The day of check-out, they slid an invoice under my door showing that they were going to charge me 15 dollars per day that I had been there (in the beginning of the review I stated I had paid for it already). Once I packed up and went to the front desk, I let them know that I had paid for this already. I even had a printout of my invoice from the website. They guy asked if he could make a copy of it. I said yes. After that, he took the 30 dollars off and apologized. There was no way I was going to pay a resort fee twice. Overall a great get away for a long stay or a short stay. Here are a few tips to take with you: - You will pay for self parking ($10) or valet ($17) - Children can only stay up so long so visit the fire pits late night - Instant access to beach - No fridge or microwave in room (I know weird) - Oceanfront view is the way to go
I would not, ever, have another party at this place. Let me give you some background. A $1000 table for eight is a lot of money. It was said to include a cocktail hour, a one 3 course dinner, and time to dance. 1.) The cocktail hour was "sponsored by Halifax. I'm not sure what sponsored means in today's business market but years ago it meant paid for in return for some advertising or the sponsor's name being highly visible and them being mentioned. The wine was $6 for a glass of wine from a bottle that costs $9. The beer was $4.50 for a Mich Ultra. The hor d'oeuvres consisted of mini empanadas and an odd meat filled filo dough pastry. The empanadas were baked (which is good) but not fully cooked. Not good. The hor d'oeuvres were free, although not very tasty. So what did Halifax actually sponsor?   2.) The salad was just ok. The main dish. I had dry chicken that was cooked without seasoning and the blandest rice I have ever eaten. Or not eaten in this case. To accompany my diabetically aware rice highly chewable chicken were 3 tiny baby carrot sticks and 2 broccoli stems. REALLY!?!? What's the point in saying dinner was included for $1000/table? They get 2 stars because the decor was good and the place was clean. Bathroom was exceptionally clean. With a coconut scented salt scrub for the hands. Loved that.
The stay here was nice and the view was spectacular.  The staff was friendly but not very timely.   We had to ask multiple times for things before receiving them.  What upset us may seem small but was one of the main reasons we stayed here and we even called in advance just to make certain.  They said they had racquet ball and it turns out they do not.  We didn't find this out until we were there after trying for a third time to make reservations at the court.  No need for reservations they said as we called to let them know we were on our way.   It was still an enjoyable time; but next time I will probably stick with the J.W. Marriott.  They treat you like royalty. Kind of disappointing for our Anniversary.
I've been coming here frequently for business over the past few years and have had a great experience each time. Not only does the staff go above and beyond, super friendly , but the hotel is lovely. Bed and pillow super comfortable and decor is tasteful. Tv huge. You can't beat the bonfires at night or the incredible sunrises.  Even the non-ocean view rooms have good views, but they upgrade with availability.  There is no other hotel that comes close to this in Daytona- the others are stuck in 90's and sub-par.
I would like to give some advice to anyone traveling to Daytona. Do not stay at The Shores Resort! The rooms are expensive and not worth the price. The food is also overpriced and tastes horrible. I've had many friends work there and quit due to poor management. They have the rudest employees that I have ever met. There are many other nice places to stay at and much better food in Daytona. It use to be a place that I would recommend for all of my friends to stay at and now I'm embarrassed that I sent them to such a horrible place! Not to mention, ants were everywhere!
Rooms are nice and clean. The beach directly in front of the hotel is close to food and chair/ umbrella rentals and that was convenient for us because we spent two days on the beach. We ate breakfast at the resort one morning and the service was great.  We never tried the pool because it was salt water so you may as well dip in the ocean. We never did use our s'more kit because the fire pits had quite a crowd when we tried to do it. The self parking is convenient and the tunnel is a good way to get there. We never worried about our car being parked on the lot because it is well lit. I don't think we would stay here again but it was a nice beach getaway.
DOES NOT live up to it's 5 star 4 diamond whatever rating they constantly like to gloat about on their website or phone line. For the money, this place is definitely not worth it. We stayed in the oceanfront balcony room with 1 king and sleeper sofa. Arrival: We arrived with our 6 year old around 1am after letting the resort know we would be a late check in. After finding out our room was on the second floor and taking the advice of a previous yelp reviewer complaining about the music at the pool we requested a room higher up but the lady did not know how to check for available rooms. Seriously? How do you work at the hotel as a check in host or whatever that position is and not know how to check for rooms? I thought that was inconvenient and unprofessional. She told us to check in and call in the morning to request a higher floor. So in the morning I called the front desk and we were actually able to get a higher floor on the 6th with a better view of the ocean. Complaints: In both the rooms we were in the phone did not work. Someone came up and told us that it wasn't a problem with the phone but a line problem and that was it. They didn't say they were going to fix it or trying to fix it. So the whole time we had to use our cells to call the hotel and go through all the annoying recorded voice options for room service or front desk or anything etc. It SHOULD NOT take 36 minutes to order breakfast. I called from my personal cell phone to the Azure restaurant explaining to them about our phone line situation and she transferred me to the room service line which beeped for over 10 mins. I called back and she transferred me back to the catering line which did not take my order and they transferred me to the operator who transferred me back to the broken beeping line. I was being transferred all over the place until I was back at the first person who I talked to who finally took my order. SERIOUSLY? And then on TOP OF THAT it's been  over an hour and our breakfast is still not here. What star what diamond rating was this place again?????? Also, the hotel has in the bathroom notifying of their water conservation efforts. The first room (204) we were in had a very bad leaky faucet in the sink and the shower. So exactly HOW are you trying to conserve water if not preventing gallons and gallons of water escape in your bathrooms without fixing it on a timely manner? Is this hotel just concerned about washing towels? The food from Azure is just okay nothing to rave about and the portions are infant size. Seriously NOT worth the money. We stayed in one night because our daughter was too tired to go out and ordered Scallop and crab cake appetizers with the grouper entree and lobster tail and jumbo shrimp embellishments. The lobster tail was 2 bites and so was pretty much everything else. Never again. It wasn't good enough to be worth the $112 check. Other than that: Rooms are clean enough, the resort is clean enough...access to the beach is nice. The service is good, everyone seems to be friendly.
We stayed here on our wedding night. We knew about staying there as a gift from family ahead of time, but not about which room and what was supposed to be awaiting us. If my mother in-law hadn't called to see what we thought of the room, the Shore's resort and spa would have gotten away with charging us for a premium large patio room and giving us a regular ocean view. Nothing was said at check in. There was also supposed to be champaign and chocolate strawberries waiting for us, three total calls had to be made before it arrived. After multiple calls trying to correct the room problems, we were told that the difference would be charged back and our dinner would be comped. Dinner was never comped and the wrong card was charged for out breakfast causing even more problems, apparently it takes longer than 45 minutes for room service to show up on your tab. The room we were given was decent, we were two floors below the banquet rooms and enjoyed playing "name that muffled party tune" going on till past midnight. Wasn't so bad as we couldn't sleep, but if you're a light sleeper it would be a problem. The pool area was nice, we enjoyed the hot tub, nice layout were two couples can relax and not be on top of each other. More than that there's no privacy. When we returned the next morning the hot tub was not working properly and later the hot tub drained itself past the seats and those were dry, no sign posted about being under repair. We were not the only party with problems. At check out there was a family that had reserved three rooms, but those were booked when they had arrived and were bumped up as a courtesy, but were being charged for the upgrade. Plus it also sounded like there were multiple other discrepancies  in their bill at check out.
I came here with one of my gfs for 5 nights. The staff, for the most part, were kind and participated in our tomfoolery. Upon arrival we received a s'more kit for the fire pit, yum! Our room was amazing and we were looking forward to our trip. The gym was nice, however, they advertise complimentary gatorade and none was to be found. Also the first day we were there they ran out of wipes to clean the machines and they were never refilled, ick. After our first night we used the flyers we found in the office space to find something to do for the day. When we returned we expected to come back to a cleaned room, that never happened the entire trip. We came back and the empty pizza box from the night before was still there. And they only made my bed, not hers. That was a re-occuring incident. Once we came back to a passive aggressive note from house keeping asking us to clean up a little before they would clean up. We were messy, but it was really just clothes. We ended up having to call down for a trash bag to dump the trash that house keeping didn't throw out ourselves. I've been to hotels that weren't as nice and never had problems like this with house keeping. Also, when I was down at the pool a woman approached these women beside me. She was an older White woman and they were Black women. She was trying to convince them to go to her Mormon church, she said, "It is off the chain, forizzle. My pastor sounds Black on his CD's, but he says he's just white chocolate and so am I." As a Black woman, I was mortified, embarrassed and enraged for the women beside me. I couldn't believe she approached them like that, but I thought what can you do? She paid to stay here too and she has the right to talk to whomever about whatever. And then I realized she worked at the hotel. I found that offensive and unprofessional. All in all, it's a nice hotel. Some of the staff was a bit touch and go. It's kind of far from most restaurants and attractions, but it's unique. I would deff recommend going with a significant other, if you're going to go, because it's more romantic not a girls trip kind of place.
Overall: Perfect location to lay on the beach, have access to a pool with free towels, tiki bar that serves food, gym and restaurant. That is the reason to stay here, point blank. It is the vision you dream of at your office cubicle, but not so fast...read more to this story. My visit: I was greeted by friendly valet who gave me the FYI on parking: valet is $17; self park is $10 (***) The building is free wifi (***), which weaves in and out occasionally. The front desk was nice and gave me s'mores for the fire pit along with hotel info. The rooms are not like a Marriott or a Holiday inn. Canopy beds and a vanity with a bench are part of the room's unique features. This is a great hotel for couples but works for anyone. I was here for business. I would recommend to hotel management adding complimentary robes to really let guests feel like they are at a resort and spa. Also, have the windows washed. My view was of a parking lot, the roof and the residential (not a city) area, which could be better but what was most disappointing was the fact that my windows were not clean. Even if it was a beautiful view I wouldn't be able to look past the hazy window. If there is no balcony in your room, the alternative are windows that open like my room. The best room in my option is ground level next to the pool and beach access. The gym was standard 90's equipment but functional. The negative about old equipment is that there are not Tvs and very little space for a book/mag or water bottle. The restaurant on site is decent and has happy hour specials. There are also plenty of places to drive to and munch at. ***Upon leaving is where you should ask for your bill. You'll notice that fees that are scammed into your bill. I use the word scam intentionally because visitors are not made aware of the charges and don't have the option to waive them. For me there was a 14.00 resort fee, which included the parking, tennis court, newspaper, s'mores (seriously). I was already was paying 17.00 for valet so the 10 parking is double billing. Essentially I paid 27.00 to park for one, yes, ONE night stay. I never used the tennis area, smores or read the newspaper. Side note: they even say the s'mores are complimentary when you arrive. When I asked the front desk they told me the 3rd party (orbitz) will not pay the resort fee. Personally, I believe that's between The Shores and the 3rd party. Additionally, I was billed 10 for 'custom package'.  For what? The free breakfast that they advertise. These are the crummy reasons that ruin a guest's trip.  Not to mention they do not provide an itemized bill to your room before you check out like most hotels, which is exactly why this is a billing scam. Having said that, I would have given the shores a 3-4 rating but the billing was lame. I would definitely return if the hidden costs were not included but instead the next time I'm in town I'll shop around.
I was a little underwhelmed...It was a decent place but not as much of a resort as I expected for the price. I'd give it a 3.5.
Came here with my girlfriend for our anniversary, we had booked through orbitz. When we arrived the girl at the front desk seemed like it was her first day working, kept stuttering and seemed scared and nervous talking to people. She told us they didn't have the room we requested which was funny because I didn't request any specific type of room and then she said she could offer us another type of room and we said ok. Then she said oops sorry we don't have that either so we asked what you have no rooms available? That's unacceptable and she says they have non bedding rooms and me and my girlfriend just looked at each other and are like what?! Then the girl looked confused again and said ok we can offer you a room facing the ocean but it is not ocean view. Again Looiking confused we just said fine and went up to our room. On the way up we encountered an older couple who told us the maids stole some things from their rooms and they had just got their stuff back and for us to look out for people stealing things. The furniture in the room was all outdated and they have signs in the room that they are trying to conserve water. The view from the room was nice, the pool was like any other. But with as many other hotels there are on the beach and the problems we encountered here we would not return.
Thanks to a Voyage Prive e-mail offering a great rate at the Shores, the beautiful wife and I ended up in Daytona at the end of April for our anniversary. Overall, it was a good experience. As others have noted, it appears to be (or is) the nicest hotel on A1A, but compared to either 4 Diamond establishments, ehhh, not quite sure. Pros: 1) It has a tiki bar in the pool area. That's always a plus. 2) The indoor bar has Guinness. And they do a really great pour. I was shocked and impressed. 3) The room service people were really friendly. And the food we ordered was tasty. 4) Housekeeping was friendly -- when I said we didn't need anything, she insisted we take some additional towels. That was a nice gesture. 5) The bed was really freaking comfy. 6) Having a beachfront room was awesome. Having those balcony doors open and sleeping to the sound of the waves...ahhh heaven. Ehhhs: 1) Huge hot tub, but not "super jets" which takes some of the fun out of it. 2) You're not supposed to have your drinks on the pool deck or in the pool, but nobody said anything to us. BUT, nobody offered to get us more drinks either, so I think it was a "we're not calling you out on breaking the rules, but we're not helping you either" sort of thing. 3) Parking -- I hate valets. Not the people, just the whole ritual. So I believe in self-parking. But here's the thing -- their parking lot is across the street. Sure, they have this covered bridge over A1A, but then to get down to the lot, you can walk down the stairs, or if you're lazy, take the devil possessed elevator. I'm lazy, so I took my chances with Satan. 4) Front "desk" -- we walked right past the front desk because I thought it was the concierge station. Nope, that's the front desk. Actually, it should be called the front podium. Just a warning. 5) Pool music -- being on the 2nd floor meant that until 10:00 or so, we heard the repetitive Caribbean/reggae music over and over and over and over and over... Cons: 1) No complimentary beach towels. We've been to other hotels in Florida and they gave us towels, not here. Seriously, who travels with beach towels? They're freaking huge. So we ended up buying these little stupid thin towels from the gift shop. That's not resort quality. 2) The $15 ($17?) per day "resort fee." Which pays for WiFi I didn't use, self-parking (more on that in a bit), and whatever else. Beyond that many places have free WiFi, most people aren't even carrying their laptops around thanks to smartphones. Catch up with the times. 3) The 2nd floor lacks an ice machine. I had to go up to the 3rd floor to get ice. Not a big deal, but there wasn't anything listed anywhere about this -- fortunately, some fellow guests saw me and my empty bucket and helped me out. Would I stay here again? Sure, if the deal was right. And I'd make sure to bring beach towels.
Personal touch service provided by a friendly staff for each one of my stays. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a tropical, luxurious feel different from any other hotel along Daytona Beach. This hotel earns it's 5 star rating with a top notch bar, resturant,  beautifully landscaped pool area and firepit. The Shores is Daytona's best kept secret.  I even hestitate to list this on Yelp to keep it my own secret! Tip: Know your fees associated with hotel bookings. Most hotels add a resort fee for services offered whether you use them or not. Booking through a travel site might not disclose those fees. As always read the fine lines to avoid any problems or unexpected fees.  A problem like that can ruin a stay even though the accomadations are outstanding.
I think AAA needs to come here and get a couple of their stars back. If this hotel was anywhere else, at least places I travel to, it would be about a 3 star. I gave it a 2 star because after I checked into my room I opened the curtains to see my view and the only view I had was of the roof, cigarette butts, and a pair of dirty panties lying outside my window. However the staff is friendly, the lobby is nice and the pool is warm. So if you are like me and don't spend to much time in your room anyway then by the looks of the other hotels around here this would be the place to stay. Florida always boggles my mind. Daytona seems like it would be great, nice weather  and huge beaches but driving in here shows you that it's way under valued. The city just seems run down to me. Call me spoiled, I live in California my expectations for a beach community is much higher.
Dont let the typical faded "flordia" yellow color fool you. The Shores is by far the nicest hotel on this side of A1A. The interior is done in a Tahtitan style with a hunting lodge touch. Dark woods, exposed beams, high ceilings with touches of bright flowers, and colorful paintings.  The lobby is adorned with wicker chairs and couches, laptops for guest use and lots of candles. HOWEVER Shores "resort"(i beg to differ) you might be a 4 diamond hotel in Daytona, but you are no different than a Marriott...and I would rather stay there. First off...when you book, they do not tell you that you have to pay 15 bucks every night for a "resort fee". This fee helps pay for free parking, wifi and COFFEE IN YOUR ROOM! Umm...i can stay at a Best Western and get coffee and wifi and not pay 15bucks for it. Also, just because you have one of the top restaurants in Daytona, serving entrees that start at $30 bucks(no lie. 30 bucks for pasta) does not mean you take a 4 star title also. That wasnt meant for you. You are a hotel...not a restaurant. Second- you ran out of towels for 2 days by the pool at 50% capacity...and the hot tub was closed every day we were there. Ew. No fun. The fitness center had also been flooded and smelled like really strong cat pee. They had industrial dryers trying to air it out...however they kept the doors shut. It does not work as well when you do it that way guys. Again, ew Enough of the bad. I DID have a fun time staying here The shores is about 7 or 8 min from Ocean Walk Shops, so you are not bombarded by the crowds in that area. Shores also has delicious drinks and good  bar food...shrimp cocktails, ahi tuna salads,  and umm...nice soaps.
From check in to check out... the entire experience was wonderful. It was the off-season and living in a resort town the individuals seemed relieved to take a breathe of fresh air!  My only complaint was that the room service never came and the spa didn't open on time as stated on their listed hours. Everything else was wonderful. They accommodated me last minute for an appointment at the spa for several services. The rooms were beautifully decorated and therapists and techs very professional. Would recommend in the future to guests.
I liked The Shores!  We got a great deal from Vacationist ($80/night) and decided to go explore Daytona Beach a little bit.  The weather was wild and there was a wind and storm advisory warning, so the beach was empty, and unfortunately the pool and hot tub were closed.   We had a "partial ocean view" room and it was truly just a peek of the ocean.  The rooms were nice and the bed was super comfortable.  The ambience of the hotel is great and we loved the lobby as well.  The tiki bar outside was fun, as was the lobby bar. Daytona Beach really left a lot to be desired.  There is not much to do around the hotel itself, but it's a great place if you want to spend the day on the beach or in the pool.  We enjoyed happy hour next door at the Top of Daytona which is on the 29th floor and has sweeping views - don't miss it!   Dinner at Azure, the Shores restaurant, was DELICIOUS and we loved the ambience - excellent service as well.  They weren't lighting the fire pits because of the weather which was a bummer, because it looked like fun.  The hotel will provide you with Smores Kits which are adorable but for $10 a pop, I'd recommend picking up a few Smores supplies at the store before you get there. They do charge a $17 resort fee, which includes Wi-Fi and self-parking.  I dislike it when hotels charge this - I'd really rather have this built in with the nightly cost of the room.  As we booked through Vacationist we didn't have to pay this fee, but were charged anyway.  When I called the hotel after the fact, the service was excellent and they refunded the charge immediately. Overall, we really liked this hotel and would definitely stay there again if ever in Daytona Beach again.
For views, rooms, beach and bar, this is my favorite place to stay in Daytona Beach. Every time i come to this hotel, the hotel staff are very warm, polite and attentive.  The rooms are large, well appointed and come with flat screen tvs.  The ocean view rooms with a balcony are definitely worth the extra money, as the views of the ocean and the beach are very beautiful. Decent size pool area, right off the beach, with covered lounge areas so that you can be outside and enjoy the beautiful outdoors without overexposing yourself to UV's.  At night there is a pretty decent, although a little pricey, bar and two fire pits make it a nice way to end the day.  Just remember to get whatever drinks you intend to take outside in a plastic cup, as they are pretty strict on the no glass rule once you go past the outside patio. For those work out nuts, the gym is located on the second floor.  Although its is small it is packed with modern equipment including elipticals, stationary bike, treadmill, and some free weights.  They even include complimentary Gatorade. The only reason why this place gets 4/5 and not 5/5 is the food. Lunch from the hotel restaurant was.....ok.  Nothing great or memorable, I had a vegetable soup and a chicken salad sandwich.  The soup was good, but the chicken salad (made with yogurt instead of mayo) served on raisin pumpernickel bread was...eh. However, breakfast is a better meal here with plenty of healthy options. Although I was here on business, I would not hesitate to come stay here with the family.  It can be a bit pricey during season, but they often run room specials that make staying here a bit more affordable.
Was looking forward to a very special experience at this 4 star hotel on the beach but was truly disappointed. This rating is not currently deserved as it does not meet the standards of a premium property!  We called ahead to request an early check in and were told the rooms for our party would be ready. We arrived to learn they were in fact not ready, and even had to wait PAST the 4 pm check in time before they actually were!  The rooms were fine but lacked the amenities expected in a 4 star hotel such as laundry bags, bathrobes and mostly towels without stains! Also, the public rooms are way past the time for renovations and very outdated and worn looking. Breakfast brunch also disappointed with blintzes that were getting hard in the casserole dish and pastries that tasted like the store bought variety. The beach itself and smores at the fire pit rescued this from getting less than 3 stars.
Stayed at the Shores Resort while in town on business. Although the outside is not too impressive, the interior is rather nice. The rooms are spacious and bright, decorated in bright, seaside decor. Rooms included comfortable beds with feather tops and large flat-screen TVs. The view was rather disappointing however. I was supposed to have a "water-front" room. However, the room was actually located on the side of the hotel, and overlooked the roof of an adjacent section of the building (and I was subject to the constant wrhrrr of the A/C units) and the parking lot. Off in the distance you could see some of the beach. Oh well. Service was spotty. I had no offers of help when I pulled up to the door, nor when I left. The business center was apparently being renovated during my stay, but they placed a laptop in the lobby for guest use. At night, the staff was particularly helpful, even allowing me to use their own computers to print out my boarding pass. Housekeeping was rather rude, however. I was waiting in my room for some friends when housekeeping knocked to make up the room. I explained that I would be leaving in 10 minutes and would she mind coming back at that time...this did not please the housekeeper at all. She proceeded to glare at me and mumbled something under her breath. Baleen, the hotel restaurant, was OK. It had an ambitious menu that may have been a little beyond its skills and was quite expensive. Room service for breakfast was quite good however. Overall, the hotel was pretty nice. But the town of Daytona Beach really isn't anything to write home about. It looked old and kinda run-down and trashy, and there wasn't a whole lot to do. There was essentially no boardwalk, a few scattered Putt-Putt courses, and a shopping mall. So if you are looking for a nice destination, then this is definitely not the place for you. However, if you are going to be stuck in Daytona Beach anyways, then the Shores is a pretty good place to stay.
The Shores is a lovely Resort that has an ambiance of relaxation.  Leave you worries behind as you unwind by the pool and take a dip in the sea. There a lot of must-do's at this hotel.  For one, you MUST do the lunch at the hotel restaurant.  They have a chicken sandwich to die for and an equally as good grilled-cheese sandwich.  Another staple is the nightly s'mores roasting out by the pool in their fire pits.  It's fun and a great family activity.  The beach is beautiful and well maintained, however the water is a little cold, but they offer a saltwater pool that is heated.   There were only a few minor things.  For one, the surrounding area is kind of blah and nothing exciting within walking distance.  Also had some issues with the TV, but it was promptly fixed with a little fidgeting with the wires. I recommend this resort and will be visiting again.
We stayed here in Feb 2012, and were happy overall.   Pro's: - AMAZING view (we had full oceanfront) that is beyond compare.  The hotel itself is beautiful as well.  All staff was very friendly. Balcony's are a big bonus. - Saltwater pool is very peaceful and the perfect temperature.  I loved not having   sore eyes from chlorine. Beach access is a mere flight of steps down (though I hated the whole driving on the beach thing, that's not the hotel's doing - that's Daytona Beach, so beware!).   - Fire pits that are just plain awesome.  You're literally overlooking the beach around a big fire in comfy chairs with feet in the sand, yards away from the tiki bar.  It's quite lovely, and they even sell (overpriced) s'more kits so you can roast some goodies over the fire.  I met some really cool people at night in this setting.   - Cool lower level "tunnel" they have for swimmers who are wet and minimally clothed, where you can retreat from the pool directly to lower elevators which take you up to your floor.  This is nice when you just want to throw on a bathrobe to and from the hot tub, and it saves the lobby from a lot of water & sand. - Front desk people were very nice and worked hard to get people everything they needed. - Parking is easy & convenient.  It's across the street, but the lot is secured via code for guests only, and an elevator + little hamster tube lets you get quick, safe access across the busy street into the hotel. Con's: - Nothing is terribly close in proximity, and the restaurant is rather expensive - Restaurant food was sometimes nice, sometimes not. They managed to biff our risotto twice. Their highly touted "fish tacos" were basically glorified fish sticks, breaded and saucy. Not what I associate as a real fish taco you'd get on the west coast where there is nicely fresh shredded and non-breaded fish in the taco.  But I guess they're really popular out there for some reason.  Also, no tomato soup to go with their highly touted grilled cheese sandwiches... Really??  The view from the restaurant's outdoor portion is stellar though! - Towels were really icky.  You'd think for the money, they would invest in thicker or at least newer towels.  The lounge chairs were very comfy and plentiful, so you'd think they'd have nicer towels to compliment all the other pretty surroundings.  Oh, and if you want to head down to the beach, bring your own towels, as they won't let you take the hotel ones down there, worn out as they are.. lol - Bathroom was very pretty and modern, but the slick floors are totally impractical for people with wet suits from the pool/ocean.  Their fancy sinks just made it so water got splattered onto my stuff that had to be tucked underneath for lack of counter space. - Tiki bar had sporadic hours for open & close.  I realize they had to do it based on need, but the unpredictability was a put-off for us.  There was also a blaring TV in it that was annoying since we were out there to get away from that type of noise. - Bell service is required if you want a cart.  You can't just use one to roll your own stuff up.  You have to wait (and of course tip) for someone else to do it, or lug everything up by hand. - No microwave in the room.  This sucks when you've bought a $15 entree and can't warm & finish it in increments.  We thought for a 4 star hotel, there would be these basic amenities.  We emptied the minibar and used that as a fridge, but some meals, well.. ya just need a reheat! Overall though, it was a fun experience.  We were on vacation, and it was a nice getaway.  The view, pool, hot tub, firepit & drinks made everything worth it, even though we didn't care for Daytona Beach itself all that much.  Hotel staff was nice enough to re-heat something for me in their staff microwave, and if you venture up to the top floor, you can wander into one of the conference rooms and see an amazing view of Daytona Beach. Our room was comfy, and we loved having the screen open at night to hear the ocean.  Music below didn't bother us at all; it only added to the experience. We probably won't be back, but mainly because Daytona Beach is pretty depressed in general, and I hated cars on the beach (lol).  If we went back, it would be 50-50 as to whether we'd stay at the Shores Resort again, but really it's probably one of the better hotels overall.  Just depends on what's important to you as a traveler ;)
The rooms are spacious, nicely decorated and the beach is just steps away from the pool area. Speaking of the pool area, there are fire pits and the hotel offers all of the fixings for the perfect smores. It's the best kind of camping you'll ever do! I also visited the spa while I was here and my pedicure was awesome. I'm not sure what she used, but the color stayed for weeks, even on my pinkie toe, which is usually the first to show polish wear. If you're a Florida resident, you should take advantage of their resident specials, when they are available. It is a great place for a weekend away at the beach!
Excellent place. You can expect world class service and amenities. Great location right on the beach with beachfront fireplaces perfect for making house given smores. Also, I forgot my phone chargers in my room and they were happy to mail them back to me in WA. Thanks!!
The internet is very slow, the parking area on the other side of the street, the lobby is full of cooking smell, the furniture is very old. Although the location is far from other businesses, nothing is near by.
Great spot in Daytona! Right on the beach, very classy layout with top-notch staff. The rooms are very nice with the most comfortable beds ever!! Awesome firepits that seat several people 10-12. Excellent pool and cabannas. Cute Tiki Bar for drinks. Far and away the best beachfront hotel in Daytona.
I stayed here last summer and had a much better experience. The room is Dingy and I wasn't aware having a window that would open is a special request.  I spoke to a front desk manager in the elevator to inquire as to an upgrade and in the middle of simply stating I've been here previously and preferred my prior room he cut me off and didn't want to hear it. He stated there are renovations and ill like it better next time.  With the a la carte pricing this room is over $150 night adding resort fees and $19 to valet otherwise you playing frogger running  across the busy street and still paying a fee altho lesser.  The safe in the room did not work and waited for 20 min for someone to respond almost missing my massage appointment.  However a new front desk concierge began shift, Rick and he was totally awesome.  Between Ricks attention to detail and Jennifer in the spa resurrected my experience but overall there needs work to the service.  And for the price I expected more.
First and most important, the amenities include but not limited to fire pits with smores, great pool, ipod clock and flat screen TVs in every room. The rooms are large and all have a nice view of some sort. This is my 5th or so time staying here. It can be pricey in peak times but it can also be comparable to some of the "competition" in the area if you can if you can even call it that. The staff is all very friendly and informative. The food is good and not extremely over priced, just a few more bucks than eating at burger king.
Only in Daytona would this be a 4 star. Changed my reservation from 2 to 3 nite, told would be upgraded , no charge.Check in - no record but they did upgrade fort no cost but had to then check out and in again.this time no upgrade as promised .....no working a/c or tv !!!!! Fixed fast but even then a/c marginal. Front desk sweet but no consideration given. On the plus, common areas are exceptional as is upgraded room. But again,certainly not 4 star  quality.However, it truly is the best Daytona has to offer.
Awful, awful experience. The hidden fees are outrageous. They put a hold on your credit card for the $60/day for food and beverage...then you get charged $17/day service few, $17/day parking.  No where do they advertise this!!!  Staff was delightful, rooms were old, showers didn't drain...and good luck getting a refund if you need one!  Wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy.
The music BLARES at the pool from early morning until 10 p.m. - mostly random and unrecognizable.  Forget listening to the great surf or even your own music through ear phones!  If you must get an ocean view room - ask for one high enough to get away from the constant droning of the base!  On the plus side, the food is great.  The bartender at the tiki pool bar works harder than anyone on the place and it's badly understaffed during peak times.
Get the grilled cheese. Just do it-amazing. Leah at the bar rocks out some awesome cocktails. My fav place to come and get away from the city.
Great breakfast selection. Challah french toast, omelette, southern breakfast are a few of the ones we tried. All were very good. Good prices .
I rate this "as good as it gets", considering I am in Daytona Beach. The design of this hotel supports the incredible location.   The food is far better than anything around.  I particularly enjoyed the lunch menu that can be selected during the evening hours from the bar area. What a great back area.  I called it a Brick Veranda.  Palm trees, fire pits, a pool, a hot tub, an outdoor bar, a great spot to watch the ocean and enjoy food and/or a drink. The indoor bar is staffed by some great people.   I travel often and I rarely find anything notable about the bedrooms unless its negative.  The room was adequate, and just a bit above average. Funny and very comfortable queen beds.  I liked the Iphone docking station/clock radio.  I really liked the sliding glass doors which open to a balcony with table and chairs.  I did not spend the extra money for an ocean view, but this was still very nice.  The gym room was above average also. I had an issue with the water control knob in the shower and with one statement to the front desk, it was corrected while I was out and a note was left behind with a contact name and number in case I was not completely satisfied. The most notable aspect of this resort is the staff.  Management must be doing a good job making certain employment here is rewarding because the service reflected a genuine positive feeling.  Not superficial smiles and gratuitous support but true efforts to make my stay better.    Everyone I worked with was extremely positive.  In more than one case, an employee would remember my name.  I especially appreciated the front desk personnel and the bar staff.
We went to  The Shores Resort and Spa for New Year's Eve and the Couples Spa get away. There apparently is a new owner who is investing money in the facility and upgrading the staff. We could not have been more pleased with the level of service and attentiveness of the staff. The Spa experience was top notch. Couples massage. Soak in the tub. Pedicure. A+. We partook of the New Year's Eve dinner and dancing on the rooftop. It was a great way to ring in the New Year. Fun and safe. Definitely will return.
The beach is nice but the hotel/resort needs to be maintained a lot better.  My family and I where in room 829 and the shower nob feel on my foot, the cabinet door fell off and the vanity was leaking so much that the paint blistered which was the same wall in which an outlet was on.  After talking to management, I was dumbfounded they send a maintenance person to work on the issue while we were  in it;  the wall was leaking, WTF".    After talking to management again and telling them what to do, we were moved to another room down the hall.
Nice lobby & greeting area - has tunnel for selfparking ($20 a night for resort fee, includes complimentary self parking if you pay resort fee*). Medium size pool & bar lined up against the beach access.
We had a great stay at the shores. Our daughter's wedding guests loved everything about the resort. The honeymoon suite was spectacular. I've also held a business meeting in the ocean view conference room. The staff is great.  The Azure lounge and patio bar are just as nice as the lobby with fire pits and a relaxing beautiful space right on the ocean.
Loved it! High marks. Its so mediteranean in FL and Daytona at that- im not booing Daytona but as refinement goes well this is an oasis of beauty in a sea of motorcycle memorabilia. Plus the staff is polite and helpful and recognizes you. The bonfire pits complete with andirondak chairs & smores kits in the rooms just add that special touch to the beach cabana pool vibe.
This was one of my best hotel experiences ever. The rooms are great and the beds amazing. The room service for food though was a little slow and the food was not that good. I enjoyed staying here though and while we were in a hurricane during our stay and couldn't do much outside we had plenty of fun in our room.
Good service! Over priced for off season stay. We paid 400 for 2 days in jan. We paid 99 in season during the summer?  Call hotel direct for the best price.
