This review is going to be long, so if you want me to get straight to the point: Tracy cut, foiled, and treated my hair and was fantastic from start to finish. The esthetician shaped and tinted my eyebrows, and was also fantastic. I found this salon by emailing a handful in the area, asking my options concerning a few issues I thought I was having with my hair. I mentioned that I was not interested in coming in for a consultation, that I just wanted a few options based on what I was saying. The ONLY salon in the Daytona Beach area to reply to me in a kind and helpful way was Tracy from ecocentric. Naturally I called her back and I booked the cut, hi light, and treatment she suggested. Later, I asked about adding on my eyebrows, and it was no problem at all. The salon is a new location, so their address is not what it states on Yelp. The correct address:  311 S Palmetto Ave, Daytona Beach, FL 32114.  The building is quite adorable.  I love to relax and have my hair done or indulge in a spa service, but what I dislike is going to mega salons, overcrowded with workers and clients. This salon has personality, it's adorable, everyone is kind, yet you don't feel like one of many. It's very relaxing. Also, you book directly with your stylist. I find not having a giant reception desk to be calmer and more inviting. Anyways, as soon as I walked in I was already having positive vibes. When Tracy was foiling my hair, she asked how light I'd like to be, to which I replied, just as light as my skin tone would allow. She said... Well you can go pretty light! For years I've had stylists tell me I couldn't go any lighter bc I would look "washed out" or no, you don't want stick straight hair, you want some curl! Or, your hair is just so "dry". So I guess at some point I just gave up trying to get my point across. Until now. Anyways, she finished all of my hair needs, and then styled it straight and sleek, just the way I like it! It's been years since I've had my hair done this perfectly. She even spent a good 15 min texting me, after I left, about the silly shampoo questions I had! I also spent a bit of time with the esthetician, which was dangerous for my future paychecks, because I'd love to go back and have other services. She made my eyebrows look great, which is really saying something because most people can't tell I have any! Anyways, I love this salon and can't wait to go back!
I recently tried them because of their Groupon for a mani-pedi. It claims that it is a luxury service that normally costs 79.00. I would like to see the person who would pay 79.00. The Groupon price was 39.00. That is a fair price. The mani-pedi was perfectly fine and I have no complaints, but I don't see where the service was any more "luxurious" than what I have had at other salons/spas. If they offer another Groupon, you should definitely check it out.
I got my hair cut by Tracy about a month ago and it was great! I'm growing my hair out for charity (for the first time ever) and she gave me a lot of useful advice and charged less because it was a simple cut. She didn't have to and that extra mile earns the 5th star. Thanks Tracy!
Master colorist, Master Nail tech's and very talented massage therapists . Check them out . 386-236-9922  they are all  renters , expect to call your  stylist or therapist dierct. Call for more info.
The best foils and cut by Tonya Nelson
When I originally moved to the area from New Jersey I was so worried I would not be able to find a salon to cater to my needs. Ecocentric Green Salon is/was fabulous. They are very well educated on all the newest healthiest products for your hair. Tracey put colorful extensions in that I LOVED! My hair actually grew long instead of my ends breaking from going to other salons who used poor products. I would recommend the salon to the world!!!!!!!!!!!! I wish I could fly Tracey out to do my hair wherever I go!!!!!! She is the BEST!
I went there for a massage and ended up not as relaxed as I wanted.  Thebiggest problem is noise.  For some reason the room isn't sound proofedso you can hear all the dumbdumbs yakking away in the front or, people having other services. I'm notsureifI've been spoiled but I've definitely had better.  Will try them for their otherservices,but probably not massage again.
