Dinner with my son tonight on a terrific night.  I love the decor.  The sun does shine in for about 30 minutes making a direct glare onto a table and perfectly focus into your eyes but two things are true.... sun doesn't happen too often around here and it only lasts about 30 minutes. The food was great.  I shared an order of pulled pork fires.  A nice order of fries covered with cheese and a huge portion of pulled pork on top.  I think the bbq sauce was a little heavy, but it was still delicious.  I then had fish tacos.  Yum.  Rice and black beans on the side.  Its just black beans, so don't expect the same preparation you might see in a latin restaurant. Son had a tofu quesadilla.  He loved it! Definitely a good place for an affordable but quality dinner.
Been here twice in the last month. First time, the server (her name is Courtney) handed me a handwritten slip of paper with a draught list when I asked what they had on tap. ...Well I hate to say it but I'm old now and I didn't have my glasses with me so I just handed her back the paper and ordered a water. This time the food wasn't so bad although my french fries were extremely greasy. Now, I've worked in kitchens and served in restaurants for many years and I know what old frying oil tastes like. ...It's not pleasant, and it's certainly what my fries tasted like. Second time we came back with a large party for a friends birthday. Same server, same question about the draught list, SAME piece of hand written list. When I asked her if they had an actual list she said there was so many new draughts that they just write them down. This time we ordered food, I ordered lemon pepper wings, and holy wow were they amazing! ...the sauce was delicious, expect there was barely any there, I mean BARELY any sauce, and on top of that my wings were so over cooked that there was barely any meat left to them, and again, that same gross old oil taste. Twice in a row did the same exact server not know what drinks the bar has, which is weird to me because as I have said I have worked in the industry for years. If you don't know all the draughts because they're continuously changing I get that, but can't you remember some of them? Why do I have to read your hand written notes? Why, if you have to write them down can't you study that sheet to remember them and further more WHY can't you just read them to me?! I would have been fired or written up at any place I worked at if I had ever been caught doing that. Also, twice in a row did my food have that icky, fishy, dirty oil flavoring. Come on guys I know it's a pain but change out your oil at the end of every night and clean the fryers! Every kitchen I worked in when I was younger and every restaurant I've served or bartender in takes out the oil, filters it, cleans the fryers, and puts oil back in at the end of every night. I can't imagine Bombers does this. ...It's these annoying and gross consistencies that leave me thinking I won't be returning, not by choice at least.
What a waste of time and money this place was. I had ordered 2 Baja fish tacos, one hard taco and one soft. They gave me 2 soft tacos. When I asked the waiter if they could bring my hard taco, he said that he could just take my other soft taco, switch out the filling and put the same filling into a hard taco shell. Or he said that that he could bring out a hard taco shell so that I could make it myself if I didn't want to wait for the chef to make me a new one, because it would take over 10 minutes (SERIOUSLY?!) First they get my order wrong, then the guy is telling me that he would just stuff a hard taco shell with the stuffing that was in my other taco. I didn't want his hands on my food so I told him to just bring me the taco shell and I would do it. The waitstaff simply didn't care, the service was crap and the food was mediocre and COLD. I seriously do not know why anyone would want to come back to this junk of a place.
I have only been here for take out so I cannot speak to the service; however, the times I have gone the service at the bar while I wait is always very friendly and quick. The southern catfish burrito is awesome!  Decor is pretty cool. Overall it is what it is. A burrito bar ran by college kids.
Do not eat at Troy Bombers. The service, the portions, and the food overall here are not nearly as good as Albany Bombers. I have been to Troy Bombers many times, and I have never had a great experience. Some of the experiences have been decent, but the last one was just awful. The last time I went to this Bombers was in summer 2014 and it resulted in me contacting the owner about my awful experience. When I went to Bombers in June with my boyfriend, here's what happened: * It was a Sunday, and the specials on Sundays read "2 for 1 drinks from open to close." This did not turn out to be true. I ordered two margaritas, and was billed for both. When I brought it up to the waitress, she said "Oh, you have to order those special, and it isn't really two for one! You just get a second drink in a way smaller glass." She emphasized this smaller glass thing multiple times. WTF? She did not offer to discount my bill at all. * The server never gave us napkins or utensils until we finally were able to flag down someone almost 15 minutes after receiving our food. * I noticed that Bombers no longer serves a side with your burrito. I'm guessing that they find it too costly to give everyone their own side of chips; instead you just get one bowl of chips for your table. This completely screws over anyone who's ordering out, considering the price of burritos did not go down. * The burritos were TINY compared to the ones you get at the original Albany Bombers. Afterward, I contacted the owner, Paul Tracy, and we went back and forth for almost two months. First, the owner offered to have my boyfriend and I return and enjoy free meals and drinks. He said he would wait on us personally. I tried to set up a time for this, and did not hear back from in for weeks. Finally, when I did hear back, he hit me up with a second offer:  He wanted me to visit once using a gift card (from him), and "secret shop" his wait staff. After I did this, he wanted me to return and receive another free meal while I shared with him my experiences. Although slightly put off by the idea of secret shopping, I agreed. I wrote back wanting to set up a time to do this. He did not respond. I tried writing him a few times, and never heard back from him. I'm not sure what was going through this man's head, but now that I am reading the Yelp reviews, I wonder if perhaps he is bogged down by unsatisfied customers and I got lost in the shuffle. I have not gone back to Troy Bombers and do not intend to. Avoid Troy Bombers. Albany Bombers is far, far superior.
If you are a poor college student then this place could get 2 stars.  The food was just not good at all.
No chips with burritos. 45 minutes to get food. 20 minutes to get a check. What is wrong with the service in this place? The food is better prepared than Albany but the service is terrible.
Maybe I am a Mexican food snob, but don't...just don't do it.  The meat in the burrito were just really dry and lacked flavor, I don't know guys, I don't have much to say besides that.  Although, if you are looking to go out with some friends for some drinks (especially one's with tequila in it, which they don't shy away from) this may be a place to socialize, but why do that when you have Jose Malone's and Brown's right across the street. Just don't.
Mediocre food at best and only-fair-to-middlin drinks.  Decor and ambience (if you can call it that) at least feel like someplace you want to be, but then the lackadaisical waitstaff reminds you that you really don't. I suppose it's ok for a cheap meal, and you can probably find some drink specials if you don't much care about taste. So many better places to eat and drink in Troy.  I won't be bothering to return to Bombers.
Beer was good, burrito was good, bartending staff were on point. Phone service could be better however. I called to get the specials after I'd already been there to see if they've changed. I asked the man who answered what specials were currently going on; he proceeded to tell me about their night wing and beer special and their beer buckets. It's day time dude, wake up!!! I went there for lunch the other day and was amazed with the kind service. Today I want to go try a burger and I'm thinking I should try theirs out, seeing as I thoroughly enjoyed he ground beef in my beef burrito. The burrito was so huge I couldn't even put my mouth around it! I loved it and could only finish half. There were $5 margaritas that were also delicious and nicely presented in a mason jar. I will be back as it was clean and people there were so friendly! They even let me charge my phone since I was walking around Troy, NY with just myself, GPS, and my phone. :) The star ratings make it seem awful. Come and give this place a try!!!
This was our third or fourth time here and we were quite disappointed. Our previous visits were very good but my sense is that the restaurant is in a bit of a tailspin. The staff seemed rushed despite the small crowd,  when I had to go inside to get silverware, they were nowhere to be seen. The wings were very good but the rest of the food tasted like reheated leftovers. Maybe it's me, but it seems like the portions were smaller as well. Long gone are the days of the Nerf football sized burritos. Also long gone is the "best cheap eats" moniker. Everything was just a bit too expensive for what you got. There was also a significant mark up for our drinks, we had asked for a different tequila  but to almost double the  price was excessive. In hindsight, we could have gone to a nice restaurant  for a comparable amount of money.
Delicious nachos and disco fries. Bahama Mama margarita was great. Pretty sure our waitress was drunk.
The food is great, the drinks are even better. The one thing I will say about the Troy location, which is new, is that the staff was super slow/inattentive to its customers' needs. I'm pretty sure the hostess was acting as waitress during lunch hour, which just simply did not work. Otherwise this place gets 5 stars. There's no doubt this place is a step up from the Chipotle/Moe's style of Mexican grub. It just takes a little longer for them to make it. Burritos, tacos, chips and salsa are all dank. In case you haven't read any of the other reviews, GET THE JIMBO. Imagine a beer and a margarita had a child in a mason jar. You're probably like, wow why would I ever want to mix beer with a tequila-based drink? I'd be dancing on the bar before happy hour ended. Trust me, it's a game changer. Just get it and get Happy-er than Pharrell's Smokey the Bear hat.
I had to do something to counter all the unwarranted negative reviews. This is a great place, the food and service are outstanding. The regular events like trivia, karaoke, and love music make it a very worthwhile place to spend an evening. The staff are friendly and professional, contrary to what some of the other reviewers would have you believe. The manager greeted me by name after I had only been there a few times. If that's not a good way to take care of customers, I don't know what is.
The food is good. Let me just throw that out there. It's the customer service, wait times, and lack of any care from the employees that gets to us. We live close by and would love to love this place but it's hard to unless we are coming here to get drunk. If you want to eat on a leisurely day with your family this is not your place. We are I our early 40's with a younger child and want to get a good meal but it's not to be here.  We have tried 3 separate times including different days and hours. Each time has gotten worse. It's too bad because we want to love it.
I am always happy when a restaurant offers fake chicken options.  This place is very Veggie friendly !! I ordered some veggie chicken wings and a vegetarian burrito.  Very tasty and pretty fresh. Didn't blow me away and a huge lack a guacamole but overall a decent meal. My only complaint was that there were barely any lights on!! The place was so so dark.  Turn on the lights !!!
I mean it is Bombers. I already know what the food is going to be like and that is why I keep coming back. I have been a great fan for many years of the Albany location but something is off with Troy. The service is odd and not exactly consistent. The first time I visited this location was perfect but that was right around opening. My last few times I have waited an awkward amount of time for drink orders...  asked for sour cream 5+ times before the waitress remembers to grab it... been told that vodka was in my margarita? and been refused to have a large group reseated because they already started taking some of the early arrivers orders at a smaller table? I like the food!  Staff seems preoccupied.
Service isn't great (especially if you sit outside) but food is acceptable for what it is (and quite filling) and I can't say I've ever been shorted on the margaritas that come in a nice mason jar, even during happy hour and after that second margarita, it'd be hard to be in a bad mood.
Service is horrible here and then when we complained the manager told us that the waitress took so long with everything because out party came at different times. I can understand the food being a little off with times because of people showing up later than others but why did she completely forget about two drinks we ordered? And why did she forget the sides of sour cream we asked for three times? Oh and napkins and silverware were also brought after we finished our food! She kept coming back to the table after we asked her for a drink or whatever with a blank look on her face and saying oh yeah the silverware, or oh yeah your drink or oh yeah the side of sour cream. Here's an idea, why don't you write our order down and you wouldn't forget everything and make customers wait until their food is cold. And for the manager to then say "well I watched the camera and it's because your party wasn't all here" doesn't explain our waitress mistakes and forgetfulness . This establishment is horribly run and needs new staff. No wonder why they are never busy anymore like when they first opened!  aND the waitress still had the nerve to add her own gratuity on our bill!!!
I would pick lunch during the week if I was hungry or on my lunch break. Of course, you can celebrate birthdays with a "free" margarita and then bar hop. On Sundays there is no food menu. Only a sad mini taco bar for 5.99 or 6.99. I'm sure at noon or 2 pm, it was a better deal. Something about lukewarm sour cream at 7pm - I'll pass. However, your second margarita might convince you otherwise. Don't do it. Upside: 1. Solid happy hour.   2. If you like bombers, it's for you. Downside: 1. Have you ever been to Bombers on a Friday or Saturday? 2. This no food on Sunday business.
I was expecting the same quality of food served in Albany. All around disappointed in the food, atmosphere and service. I was excited to have a Bombers in Troy until we went . Hope things improve
So I went here on my birthday for the "free" birthday drink.  t was huge but was about 99% mixers and 1% booze.  Shared with several friends it was like drinking a Shirley Temple. I get it. They don't want to get you wasted on your special day.  That's all Jane and dandy but when the bathroom has puke on the floor and someone is throwing up right outside their entrance, they are sending mixed messages! Also, we were REQIRED to order $15 worth of food to get the lame drink so we ordered wings and some sort of loaded fries.  he fries were decent but the wings were not good.  Way over priced for what we got. As far as friendliness...it's hard to think of this place as happy and friendly when the staff are all yelling at each other for whatever.
I've been a big fan of bombers so I was glad that one opened in Troy. But I'm so not pleased :-/. The service is not good, I had to return my tacos after taking 1 bite of each they had a funky taste to them. Also this is not so much of a complaint but an odd thing. My receipt came out with the date December 31st 1969. I think they need to get better staff and take the quality of the food more serious. I won't be returning unless I hear it is getting. better.
I've been here twice since they opened. The 1st time was for take out. The very nice, young, white girl at the bar seemed to be taking care of the takeout orders but she wasn't doing the best job. Granted the place was mobbed. She just wasn't "in to it". I commented to my friend how loud the place was. You had to yell for the bar tender to hear you just 2 feet away. We got the food home and found out that it was pretty good compared to the bombers in Albany. That place sucks. The 2nd trip here was on the troy pig out day. Big Mistake! As expected, the place was MOBBED and it was so loud, you had to lean over the counter to hear the hostess speak. I mean it was REALLY LOUD. Maybe I'm just getting too old but I hate it when it's that loud and I'm trying to enjoy a meal. Why do people have to yell inside bombers? Is it because the music is so loud that the people have to talk louder to overcome the music and then the next table has to talk louder to overcome the music and the loud talkers next to them and so on and so on and so on. Next thing ya know, there's a 90 decibel "DIN" in the room. STFU, I'm trying to eat over here! I seriously think that constant noise is a health hazard for the workers. I guarantee that on a busy night (aren't they all?) that the "DIN" is over 90 decibels... constantly. Someone should get a decibel meter and check to see how loud it is in there. We left and went to friendlys.
It is Bombers.  The margarita's were Bomber's margaritas; they did the job.  The patio is nice but the music was blaring at 6p and when we asked the waiter if he could have it turned down a little we were given an excuse that some songs were louder than others and well...."No".  All the music was loud and couple that with people trying to talk over the music and the traffic on the busy corner and you have a massive noise pollution canopy.  Also the patio needs a fan to move the air around as it was stagnant. My companions both had food which they said was exactly what you expect from Bombers--no better no worse.  However, the place has only been open for 4 days and they said that they french fries tasted like fish...if they already have a funky fryer situation I anticipate this location catching "up" to the "quality" of the other locations.
Great burritos, it's the staff that are burgers! I went there for a pick-up order today and not only did they screw up my order but the bartender stood there and took "selfies" with a friend at the bar while my food sat there and got cold. He went right back to texting afterwards. I would gut that staff in a hurry before they ruin the Bombers name in Albany.
Just, no.   From drinks to food to service to value to patrons; nothing really worthwhile here.
I get it, I get it. It's a college bar. Yah, but I'm not in college anymore. But I fondly remember my college days & it's likely I would have had a margarita or two here. The menu/cocktails accommodate a student's budget too. Lets just say my tastes have matured. I've had amazing authentic Mexican food & I've had frightening Mexican food. This is fair. Burritos are best. If you like neon colored sugary sweet margaritas you will be most smitten- the board above the bar proudly displays all the raspberry, watermelon, strawberry, blueberry margarita flavors you could think of :0 Big interior. Large bar. TVs. music. Outdoor seating. Sketchy parking.
So Bomber's is Bomber's - its oh-so-delicious when you've had a drink, or when you really just need something kinda fatty and comforting. I have now dined in at this location and done take-out. The food - across the board at all Bomber's is the same, if you like Bomber's in Albany or Schenectady then you will be just fine at the Troy location as well. In my opinion, service at this location lacks a bit in comparison to the other two. It's a bar, so I don't expect to get 5-star restaurant quality service, but waits to get drinks, to have order taken, etc. can be a bit daunting sometimes. Service is pleasant, don't get me wrong, but super slow. Take-out I have done twice - the first time, wait time was great, and the bartender cashed me out quickly and got me squared away. Most recently I went in and did take-out again. The girl who took my order said 10 minutes cause they had to take care of the customers there which is fair enough - I thought she would say longer honestly (and actually probably should have). The same bartender as last time took care of me promptly, but then I waited about 25 minutes for my food to actually come out. The bartender looked incredibly frustrated himself as he had no idea what the cause of the delay was and apologized numerous times - not his fault of course. Anyways, moral of the story here - It's Bomber's....don't go in expecting a life changing experience with stellar service and out of this world food. What you will get though is a good time, with some pretty decent food, and your belly full.
I like bombers for the following reasons: - Chicken Wings - Water - Buffalo Chicken Burritos I went there a few times, first time was great (for me, my Mom and Dad had problems - Mom's taco salad was extremely dry, had no dressing whatsoever; Dad's Bloody Mary had absolutely NO garnish whatsoever, and a straw didn't even come with it.) With that being said, this time was a bit different. My parents had absolutely no problem with their food. Dad's and Grandpa's Bloody Mary's were very nice looking, had a straw this time, garnish was a plus. I got a chicken quesadilla. No onions, no jalapenos. All I wanted was a tortilla, chicken, and cheese. You with me so far? OK. I looked at my plate. It looked pretty good. I took a bite of my first triangle and... wow. What the heck just happened in my mouth... It tasted nothing like chicken. NOTHING. It was shredded so well that I was wondering if it was canned tuna, cat food, or something pre-chewed to give to an old woman with no teeth. And the taste? Yeah, tasted like tuna. Tuna and melted cheese slapped inside of a tortilla. UGH. The salsa they gave me also was pretty bland. I swear, I'm not a picky person, either. I absolutely love food. Bomber's DOES have good wings though. I've had three different orders of wings - whiskey, lemon/garlic, and ranchero. So far, ranchero and whiskey are popping out at me. lemon/garlic had a pretty good sauce but I'm just not a fan of something tasty (lemon) and something disgusting (garlic) being mixed together. Next time I go there, I will veer away from the chicken quesadilla and only order that from Moe's. Maybe I'll just stick to chicken wings and buffalo chicken burritos.
I've been to Bomber's both in Albany and Troy many times.  Troy's location is pretty much on par with Albany's, good food but not great.  It used to be a once every few months place when my job would bring me to Albany, before I lived up here. When I moved to Cohoes, I started going to the Troy location.  Again, it's not a weekly or even a monthly stop.  What really bothered me: A few weeks ago, my girlfriend and I made the drive to Troy (15 minutes) for Bomber's.  Their website said they were open.  Their google page said they were open.  They weren't.  After digging around a little, we found out they're not open on Sundays.  This was during regular season football at 1pm!  Why wouldn't you be open on Sunday???
Recently moved back to the area after a few years. Came today with a few friends. I ordered 2 tacos and they ordered the tofu fries. What takes half an hour to make tacos and fries? All the waitresses are sitting around doing nothing I'm assuming the cooks were doing the same. The service was pretty bad. Food wasn't much better either.
Where to start? After being seated we waited 7 min. to be offered drinks. We then ordered and waited another 45 min for food. When the food arrived it looked as though we had purchased it at our local Xtramart. My rice and beans was in a closed container as if I ordered takeout.  When the food was delivered we have any utensils. So we asked the nearest  waitress who told us we would just have to wait a minute. Our waitress was... Well I am not sure. We then watched the waitress that we troubled for silverware have a blow out fight with the hostess. Bomber's you should have stayed as you were in Albany. Perfect example that bigger is not better. Worst service EVER! Food was edible.
So, Bomber's is Bomber's no matter which one you go to. You pretty much expect the same quality of food and the Troy location matches the Albany and Schenectady locations on that front. I thought it was pretty consistent with the "it's good but not the best thing I've ever had" level. It's more about the convenience of location and atmosphere anyway at Bomber's, isn't it? We went for lunch on the Victorian Stroll day in Troy and even though it was busy downtown and this location was bustling, it wasn't full and we thought it was easy to get into and the service was good. Our waitress was fun and friendly and kept the drinks coming quickly. However, the food service was noticeably slow even though the place wasn't packed and we didn't order anything complicated or that actually had to be cooked (tacos and burritos). But, they did run out of tortilla chips while we were there (yeah, tortilla chips!) and the waitress didn't know it until our orders came out with rice and beans instead of chips. Ummmm, its lunchtime on a busy day in Troy, how do you run out of tortilla chips at a burrito bar? Here are the perks of this location: Dining room is large and comfortable, much better than squeezing into the Lark St location. Also, it has its own parking lot behind the restaurant, which is a huge plus because street parking here would be a nightmare. Downside: I can see that this parking lot would get full fast and it seriously needed repaving so I didn't feel like I was off-roading and could puncture a tire. It also didn't feel entirely safe, like I wouldn't want to go to my car alone at night unless there was some good lighting. And....the way the dining room is set up, every time someone opens the door to go in or out, the freezing cold air blows on the diners. They need a wind break or a curtain like so many other restaurants have so that seated guests don't feel so uncomfortable on chilly days. All in all, I like this location best of all three and who doesn't like margaritas! Oh, and one more thing, their salsa sucks. It's like stewed tomatoes with some onions in it. It's always been that way and its still the absolute worst thing about Bombers. I really wish they would upgrade the salsa to resemble something like salsa. Then I would really be a happy camper.
WAY TO LOUD! Seriously guys, turn it down. Waited forever for someone to come to the table, then when they did it was just too tell us to wait longer. Ended up leaving before server even got to us. Directly out front is always a mob of people smoking. I understand there is nothing to do about that, however it's not something I want to push pass just too get a drink and a taco. Also why where we carded coming in? It's not a night club! It's a burrito bar. What if all I wanted was some nachos? Ridiculous, get your stuff together guys.
This place is ridiculous. Since opening, I have been here at least 25 times because its close to my house and every family member and friend decides to come here for their birthday margarita. The only decent server they have is Jared who is always very nice and accomodating. The bartenders are pretty good as well. I will use my last experience there as an example of how poor the service is. We had a party of 7 for my sisters birthday. We sat outside. As it was 6 pm on a Tuesday, it was not that busy and there were  3 servers. I feel like that is an adequate amount of coverage. Our server asked if we wanted water and since we all did she said she'd bring out a pitcher. The pitcher was enough for 3 glasses. When I asked for possibly a bigger pitcher, she stated thats all they had but would get more. She left the table without grabbing the empty pitcher and did not come back with more. I had to go to the bar and get water for everyone, which she saw me do but said nothing. We sat with our water and none of alcohol OR birthday drink for a good half hour. Instead of taking our food order, she dropped the drinks and took off. She came back around maybe 10 minutes later. When the food came, it was acurate at least, but no napkins and no refills offered. The food here is SO much worse than at Albany or Schenectady even though it seems they use the same recipes. Our waitress came back a few times to see if we wanted refills but never took a scrap of trash off our table and left the empty plates to sit there. Real appealing. We were there for almost three hours. Three hours for margaritas and nachos? Really? And of course the tip was added into our check since we were a "large" party. No wonder she put no effort in to our table and was extremely rude...she knew she was getting paid! These owners are lucky they have the successful Bombers brand to leech off of. They obviously do not how to manage and run a bar!!!
Basically a college type food and drink place. Got beef tacos. Cold tortilla. Burnt and over salted beef with no noticeable taco flavor and gummy cheese inside. Taco Bell serves better food. If this place is meant to help revitalize downtown Troy, they need something much better. Service was fine.
Troy is the best location yet. The food quality is far superior to Albany and Schenectady. Parking is easy in the lot across the street. The only thing I didn't like was they don't have counter service. Its either take out or full service. Also the size of the burritos has decreased significantly over the years at all the locations.
I've read many of the reviews made before me and the only thing I can think is that the people who have written these reviews have never worked in a food service industry. I have worked as a hostess, a bartender, and a waitress over the course of about 15 years and here is my professional opinion. Bombers in Troy is a relatively new restaurant. Even though other bombers locations have been established for many years, the Troy location is just a baby. I have been there on multiple occasions and I have only had two experiences that I could complain about. The first being that the kitchen does take a considerable amount of time for the food to be brought to the table. At first I chalked it up to the place being busy, but other times it hasn't been very busy at all. The food is delivered to the table by separate runners, not by your server, so I could understand runners being busy, but that has not always been the case. Second, I was there recently (I'm beginning to become a lunch time regular) and stood there for a minute waiting to be seated by a hostess who was standing at her station filing her nails. Like I said, I have worked in the food service industry for a long time so I'm really not even sure what a nail file is doing there, but anyways, it felt as if we had interrupted her self manicure when she finally seated us. In terms of service, I have no complaints. I have always been promptly greeted by either my server, or someone who is getting us started for our server. And as a matter of fact, I was there recently this week sitting on the patio (which by the way is lovely, and I can only assume the people complaining about it are non native Troy residents who wouldn't appreciate the historic scenery) and the lunch rush was in full bloom. The entire patio was seated and there was only one waitress to the 15 (or so) tables to herself. I was actually thoroughly impressed with our waitress (who I think her name was Katie or something, ...a very pretty girl with light brown hair) because she seemed to handle all of the table by herself. In addition to good and professional service, the environment is just a fun place to be and to hang out. The food is decent, the drinks are great, and you certainly get your moneys worth the the margaritas! All in all I can only give 4 stars because of my restaurant experiences I know they are not perfect. The best advice I can give is to go in a check it out for yourself, and make sure you order a round of disco fries!!
Stale tortilla chips and dry burritos. I'm not from Troy but I heard so much hype about this place that I figured I had to check it out. Hate to admit that I was completely underwhelmed. The staff is very friendly and nice which is the only reason I'm giving two stars. I ordered a standard beef burrito and I had to cover it in sour cream and guacamole because it was so dry and frankly boring. The tortilla chips it came with were so stale and my boyfriend ordered sweet potato fries that tasted like your standard frozen fries. Meh.
Taco bar was similar quality to a college dorm cafeteria. No grilled veggies in the taco bar, only black beans. Their pico de gallo salsa is too bland for my taste, with the only other option being hot sauce. Moe's or Chipotle's salsas have more flavor and variety. In terms of food, I'd rather eat at Chipotle. Note, too, that the outdoor dining is unfavorable, due to being left unattended and traffic too loud for conversation. Also note that they charge for ice tea refills; if there was a "no free refills" warning on the menu, we didn't see because we didn't order off the menu, due to taco bar deal. It seems like waitstaff should warn customers if the customary free refills is not in effect at this location. Overall, I'll only go back if I'm invited with a group, maybe for an after-work drink rather than eating. It wouldn't be my choice to eat at any of the Bombers. Chipotle is way-tastier.
Just my luck, this place has opened near my house just as I'm moving away. I went in today to check it out. This is the place that's been missing in Troy: festive interior, good soundtrack (a little loud, but it's that kind of place), great food. I was impressed by the BBQ tofu taco: it's got real flavor and chew. The jerk pork taco was good too, but not a standout like the tofu one. My only complaint would be that they were both on the sweet side, but I think other people like that. Cajun fries and lemonade were good too, and my server was on his game. All this for really reasonable prices. Definitely recommend.
Visited Bomber's for lunch on a weekday and was quite disappointed. The service is all right but the food leaves much to desire. I got the barbecue chicken burrito, and it was allright, nothing to rave about, it was quite dry, the rice felt uncooked and the layering was all messed up. I would have given three stars if it wasn't for the weird pricing system they have. I ordered the burrito with the cheese fries instead of chips and salsa and instead of an upcharge, I was charged for the whole side, the chips weren't great either. Overall I would not visit Bombers on a first choice, manily because they don't even come close to other burrito places like Chipotle in quality and taste, even the RPI moe's is relatively better.
Go to Bombers ONLY for a margarita.
Had an interesting experience at bombers tonight. My wife and had a fine meal with great service. I paid with a combination of gift and debit cards. When our waitress returned she had the gift card instead of my debit card, it was lost. The measure of customer service is how you handle things when something goes wrong. This staff dropped everything to search for my card. They kept coming to my table with updates and extras. It took about 45 minutes but they eventually found that my card had apparently stuck to a receipt book and was on the complete opposite side of the restaurant. I did get my card back. The obvious concern and care from the staff was highly appreciated. Mistakes happen and the care given to the situation keeps bombers on our recommended list. In spite of a problem they showed their customers are really first. Commendations to the manager and Kayla our waitress.
After reading the reviews, and hearing some less-than-savory stories from friends, I was wary to try the new Bomber's. But I'm glad we did. We sat at the bar - so I can't speak for the wait staff or restaurant area service. But the bartenders were prompt and friendly. You could tell they enjoyed working there, and were all teasing each other and having a good time. It was a little loud, but it was busy. Drinks came up quick - and apparently at a discount. I'm not sure if it was happy hour or something, but our speciality margaritas were only $5! Also got the piggy fries. Delicious! Had to ask for sour cream, because I always need more fat on my fried, cheesy food. I'm not always a huge fan of Bomber's food, but you can't go wrong with pulled pork. All in all, a great experience. Will probably go back on a less busy night.
Let's be honest, the burritos aren't bad, but  are not special, certainly not authentic by any means. The charm of the original Lark St Bombers was not so much the food, but the sassy tattoo'd servers and bartenders, and the punk-rock environment.  While the idea of a Bombers in Troy at that location is great, it is quite a different experience than Lark St. Instead of night-life munches and shots, there's day-drinking on a patio. It's like Bombers for adults.
I've read the other reviews so far. They range from whining about thing that are beyond the control of the restaurant (traffic noise), to self indulgent ramblings, to straight up fallacies ( they don't charge for water or refills on fountain drinks). That being said, here is an objective review of this Bombers. The food is quite good. We're not talking gourmet quality but it tastes great and I've found it very satisfying.  I especially like anything with pulled pork (the Mateo is a definite hit), the Sierra Salad, the Baja Fish Tacos, and the Lemon Pepper Garlic Wings. Additionally, if you can get there for lunch they have a $6.99 Taco Buffet. All you can eat. That's a fantastic deal. I must admit it has done some damage to the waist-line of my pants. The service has been very good 5 put of the 6 times I've gone to Bombers. I'd say that sixth time was an anomaly...everyone has a bad day I suppose. What was most impressive about the service though is I get the sense that the staff is having a good time while at work. That really works to relax the atmosphere. Bottom line is the food is good. The service is good. The atmosphere is pleasant.  I definitely will be (and already am) a regular here.
After having gone to the Albany location a few times, I was thrilled to learn that there would be a new Bombers location closer to where I live! I have now been here twice and must say that I have not been impressed! I can forgive much of the first visit as the restaurant had recently opened and it was very crowded. Our waitress taking 10 minutes to bring us the check is a little more forgivable when I can see that the place is busy. The food, however, is a different story. I ordered two tacos and they were decent. I can chalk my minor dislike of the tacos up to just me not liking the taste, there was nothing inherently wrong with the tacos. The chips on the other hand, were uncomfortably crunchy, either stale or over cooked. And I can't understand why a Mexican restaurant does have good salsa! The salsa is boring! Flash forward to my second visit which was for lunch on a Saturday. The restaurant was mostly empty and my guest and I got a nice seat outside. This time I ordered a taco salad which was very good! My only minor complaint here is that it is strange to have only raw jalapenos and bland salsa. So you get really hot peppers or mild tomato sauce. Anyway, my guest and I were eating and chatting when our waitress comes over to ask if we would like to wrap up the rest of our meals...as I was holding the fork in my hand about to give myself another bite. We both said no and she went on her way, not noticing that my drink was almost empty. We didn't see her again for over 10 minutes and my mouth was burning from the aforementioned jalapenos. Once again it took the waitress over 10 minutes to get our check when we asked for it and another nearly 10 minutes to pick it up from the table, even though I had my payment ready to go when she brought the check. So maybe I shouldn't hate on a new restaurant because of one awful waitress that I had both times I went to the restaurant, but service is about 40% of the whole experience of going out to eat so there it is. Also, how hard is it to make homemade guacamole!?
Had some apps at the bar today and the wings were so bad I couldn't eat them and from being a chef for years I knew that taste was from dirty oil . That's a taste you never forget and if you add in that the bartender was sitting at a table texting on his phone instead of taking care of the guest . I would never go back and I suggest you don't waste your time this establishment is poorly run .
We've been going to the albany bombers for 10 yrs. its definitely changed & we were hoping the troy location was more like the 'old bombers.' It's not.  I'd say the two locations are the same. Wings are still quite good altho not what they used to be. Salsa used to be fresh big bowl. Same w/ guac. Now u get mini plastic containers of not so great sides & usually charge more for them. Disappointing. But still one of better wing places in area. Fyi- we went at 1pm on a sat & waited about 25 min cuz we needed a bigger booth. Dont take reservations :(
A step down in food quality compared to Albany or schenectady. The wings were overcooked, and the quesadilla was not as good as the other locations. Over the top loudness is deafening. You need to step it up troy.
So today was my Birthday so me and my fiance decided to go to bomers for dinner which was the wost mistake umm how could I put it GROSS.all around from the wait staff to the food the waitress who was supposed to be serving us sat on her ass talking to her friends all night and only once can to check on us. Then ny guy waited 15 to 20 mins to get his beer then 45 mins to gwt our food which was cold and when I hunted down a waitstaff she proceed to touch myfood and sayed oh my it is cold gross!! And came back 2 mins later with my food which im sure they just microwave and this blace had the balls to change me extra for the fries. Best tip ever save your money and dont go here unless you want bad service and gross food!!!
I'm sticking to the Albany and Schenectady locations.  Went for lunch this week....my order came out wrong twice (how do you screw up tacos and salad when that's all you do!?), waitress disappeared and left two coworkers to finish my tab.  During my meal, maintenance was fussing with the thermostat and the security cover came flying off the wall and smacked me square in the back.  Ouch! And then I was severely over charged...wrong items, wrong up-charges for substitutions and a charge for a glass of water! I refuse to patronize a restaurant that charges for water! I would have argued over the bill but my "quick" lunch took over an hour and I was losing time on the clock at work, so I paid $17 for a salad and water and left knowing this Bomber's franchise  isn't worth ruining my lunch break over.
Visited Bomber's Burrito today for lunch with friends. The food was barely adequate and, as friends stated, "it took away the hunger".  Menu was appropriate with many selections of foods to choose from.  Friend ordered one of the "plates"....it came in what I thought was a cake pan....a scoop of pulled pork (which she stated tasted like dish detergent"..yellow rice, beans and someother unidentifyable food stuff and a golf ball size corn rellish in the middle.  it looked bare to say the least and lacked in flavor. They certainly do not try with presentation at this place, some chips, tortilla bread, sour cream or guacamole would have dressed up the flavorless pan of food stuff.  Mine was the Buffalo checken quesidella...with a list of ingredients as long as my arm all squashed into one quarter inch round of tortilla.....it was ok, but nothing to notify Steve Barnes about.  Two of these orders were just adequate....the lettuce served with this could have fit into a tablespoon.  Well, we won't be visiting there again to say the least.  Did visit once in Albany years ago and never went back....this must be just a place for college kids after a night of heavy drinking...which would justify eating there.
Went for drinks to catch up but could barely hear each other over the noise of the place. We split an order of boneless whiskey wings which were tasty but the pieces ranged in size from about 4 bites-worth down to 1/2 a bite-worth making the smaller pieces pretty much fried to a crisp and inedible. Margaritas were good. The service was very friendly and professional, otherwise would have been 2 stars because of the noise level.
I love bombers in Albany, so i had to to try out the one in Troy. The service was absolutely terrible. It wasn't that busy, but for some reason our server seemed extremely overwhelmed. It took about 10 minutes for the waitress to greet us, we then ordered a couple frozen margaritas, and we were ready to place our food order. About 30 minutes later we still had no drinks, so I had to go up to the bar and get them myself. The table next to us had already been served their food (after they had sat down after us!).... I could hear that they weren't that happy...I heard the table grab their waitress and say they had the wrong order. The server gave them our food! She then proceeds to take the food off their table and bring it over to us (after they already touched it!). I said something to the server and she huffed and puffed at me...are you kidding me?!?!  and they forgot my rasta fries! Get it together bombers. We haven't been back since.
So I went here for the first time last night. Rocking on the River was happening across the street and the place was hoping. The service was fast and we were seated immediately and the waitress was polite and attentive without being pushy. Atmosphere was also nice. Very fun. However, I will not be going back for a meal there. The food was terrible. I had a Beef burrito and my boyfriend had a chicken burrito. While mine was tolerable, he really disliked his. I know I can make it better in my own kitchen, as well as get better at a chain like Chipotle. The real downside to the night however was the Sangria. I have never before tasted sangria I did not like, so we ordered a pitcher. What a terrible decision. The drink was almost undrinkable, and despite it's price tag, we ended up leaving full glasses on the table as we just couldn't bare to drink anymore. It was flavorless except for the taste of alcohol. It tasted like watered down wine with some sort of liquor in it.
