Great venue, great staff amazing sound system they bring I some great bands! The best thing to happen to Pensacola!!
I really like this venue; it's what I call "intimate".  Some amazing shows come through here, and if you're lucky enough to catch them, you're sure to have a great time.  Situated between Downtown Pensacola and the Seville Historic District, surrounded by awesome bars and fantastic restaurants, Vinyl is one of those places you need to keep bookmarked.  It's not huge.  It's not plush.  It's not a Miracle of Auditory Architecture.  But it does have lots of bar rail space and big screen TVs with the show on it, so you won't miss a single drop of sweat flying from the rocker's pasty forehead onto the sheen of their leather pants while you wait for your fifth Dewar's. Friends coming to town looking for a big night?  See who's headlining at Vinyl.  No plans this weekend?  See who's headlining at Vinyl.  Or maybe it's Tuesday, and you feel like getting out and giving your boss a big ol' "DILLIGAF?!?" the next day as you attempt to draw up plans for a four-lane bridge, perform open heart surgery or fly the space shuttle through the fog of your hangover with your ears still ringing from the glory of last night's rockin'.  See who's headlining at Vinyl.
Its a dive, and my feet stuck to the floor.   Saw the gin blossoms here, for the 37th time.  This was the worst show I'd ever seen them preform.  Lots of feedback, small stage.  Even weirder crowd.  The lighting guy must have been high, he kept flashing bright white light into the audience blinding us.  Not.  Fun. not my scene at all.
Great Location.  Great service.  Great space. Vinyl is a much needed addition to the downtown area.  I like the fact that there are so many random musical acts that perform here.  It attracts so many different crowds and makes the area more vibrant.  The ticket prices are very reasonable and they have free concerts sometimes too (like Gallery Night). Check out the entertainment calendar and make a date to hang out in downtown!
My husband and I saw Yonder Mountain String Band last night. We thought the room was awesome! We were all over the room and the sound was good all over. The room is not very big which provided for an intimate music experience. (and the lights were great). We look forward to seeing more music there... However, we were less than enthused with the bar- beer was expensive and drinks were expensive and poured a bit short...
Very cool venue. It's something Pensacola has needed for a long time. The  place is very clean, and the acoustics don't seem bad for the few shows I have seen here. The only problems I have seen deals with a lot of the street noise coming trough the doors while their is a performance.
Waited on this place, or something like it, for 15 years.  I remember when I first moved here from Chicago the only thing going on in downtown P'cola was the stupid sound of pre recorded sound from loudspeakers on the courthouse to fend off pigeons.  Dead, dead dead... Suddenly, and with a lot of work and money, a chance was taken and now it has life.  Vinyl is, in my opinion, a cornerstone of that newness.  So thanks. My social calendar is overbooked with show I want to see.   Not that anyone will care, but here's what I hear from a lot of people who like the hell out of the place but just have to complain about something.  First the shows never start when they say.  Common practice, I know.  But I agree that it would be better to get closer to the posted start time.  I complement the staff for trying to keep the place clean but does the security staff have to walk around leering at the crowd like a bunch of hungry pit bulls?  What's the need for such a show of force at a Dick Dale concert?  The man is not known for slam dancing crowds.  Take it down a notch, guys, and put away that stupid 4 foot riot flashlight.   So, come late or come ready to enjoy a warm up band which is often really good.  It's the best around!
if you like an intimate setting with your favorite artist, look no further.  I love this place because I can get close to the stage and practically feel like I'm on stage.  The atmosphere is Homie and not the posh or extravagant . lets face it, if you are looking to be impressed by attitude and long lines, this is not the place for you. There are nothing but friendly people having a good time and good conversations .
