One of my favorite malls. It has just the right amount of space to have everything you're looking for, but not feel overwhelming, and the atmosphere and decor is pleasant and welcoming. There are comfy couches and a fireplace in the middle of the walkways, and every time I've been it has been clean, and less crowded than I would have expected.
I'm neither thrilled nor in terrors with this mall.  Yes, it's gone through a few changes over the past few years, but it seems like I'm always here when I visit Albany.  With this mall being a 2-story mall, I do have a bunch of choices, but things always change too soon, and I always end up making some split decisions that I wished I never had to make. No, I never like their food court.  To put it bluntly: it sucks!  Case closed!  They have far too few major name brand food establishments (there's no Subway here, and their competitor Mr. Subb, just didn't work the day I tried them out, as Mr. Subb was rude to me and my family.  I won't get into here, as this will be for another review I'll have! Other than that, they have few choices here; yes, there is, I believe a Wendy's, but when I'm not into burgers, nothing else nearby even works well for me. I do like the idea that there is a LL Bean store in this mall.  I love shopping with LL Bean, and it's nice that I can shop here along with through LL Bean's mailing and web portals. The fact that this place doesn't have a parking structure really doesn't work wonders for me.  I don't like that.  I like to keep my car cool, but no spot in the vicinity of your mall will be able to keep it cool.  You are one of the few malls I've visited in America that is 2-story yet has no parking structure.
Not so shitty but the interior design sucks. It's boring and not for a teenage atmosphere.
1. No trashy kids on skate boards 2. Quieter 3. Family friendly, great for couples! 4. lovely view 5.no annoying mall rent a cops that badger adults to card them regardless, YEA CROSSGATES..IM HINTING YOU! 6. Superb food court located strategically near the cinema I dont shop for clothes,I shop online for clothes. I only come for the food,SEPHORA,MAC cosmetics and to walk around..pssibly purchase some things here and there. But I dont do clothes shopping here,only high end makeup shopping. I recommend this.
I have always been a fan of Colonie Center - It was always less crowded than Crossgates, and had more of the stores I liked to shop at. I love it even more since the beautiful remodel. It might be busier, and everyone might have jumped on the Colonie Center bandwagon and take the great parking spots now - but at least its good for business. Love the movie theater, love Cheesecake factory, love the stores - its wonderful! Only downfall - the front area of the parking - where most people would park for the restaurants and movie theater.....not nearly enough parking for the nighttime. You typically end up fighting for a spot, only to give up because you are running late for your movie and park way at the other end of the mall, where you likely end up walking out alone after you leave your movie at night. Just be smart and you should be ok - never had a problem, but its food for thought.
Holy cow, this mall was in contention with the Latham Circle Mall for a while as a dead mall. Now that it's getting a make over - it freakin rocks! Albany now has a SEPHORA! Woo woo! My only beef is that they took away the Greek food place from the food court. They have a really expensive Soup Guy store, though. Also, free WiFi, roaring fire places, and comfy lounge areas. The parking can be a bit of a hassle around the Cheescake Factory, PF Chang's and LL Bean. Also near the Post Office, Boscov's and Christmas Tree Stores on the other side of the mall. But really, a little walk isn't that bad, and they've got great lights up now.
Crossgates may be the bigger mall in the Albany area, but Colonie Center is definitely better.  For one thing, Colonie Center has been recently renovated, which in my opinion enhances the shopping experience greatly.  Crossgates is just plain old and drab by comparison.  Whenever I come to Colonie, I inevitably end up in the gigantic, 2-story Barnes and Noble.  It goes without saying that that is my favorite part of this mall.  Colonie Center is also home to a Cheesecake Factory, one of the few chain restaurants that I absolutely love. One thing that should have been improved along with the renovations was the amount of parking space.  There is never enough.  I had to circle for about 25 minutes before finally finding a spot, and it was pretty much the furthest one away in the lot.  If it's that packed on the first Saturday of November, I can't imagine the nightmare that parking will be once the holiday shopping season really gets underway!
This is my go-to mall when I need a large shopping center.  I find that the people tend to be less rude, the shops are rarely overrun (I do try to avoid going during the holiday season) and the movie theater is the best mainstream option in the area. My primary complaints about Colonie Center are the food options (I don't expect much, which is exactly what they offer - not much) and the bizarre layout and escalator/stair/elevator placement.  I don't understand why they've laid it out the way they have. They have all the stores I want to shop at and they are convenient to get to, whether by bus or by car.  For anyone who complains about the lack of parking, there is *always* parking available on the Macy's side of the store.  I know that people are vying for the close spaces, but I just don't understand the mentality of not wanting to walk into the mall, when you'll be walking the entire time you're inside the mall. They claim to offer free wifi, but I have never been able to get connected.  I can find the connection, but the login screen doesn't work.  I'm not sure why they need me to log in, since it's mall-wide and free for everyone, but...  meh...  I don't go to the mall to browse the internet. Even though Colonie Center is the mall without a curfew on teenagers, teens are not their primary demographic.  With the exception of the movies, you're unlikely to encounter a gang of teenagers and, if you do, they tend to be respectful and minding their own business.  I don't find this to be the case at the other mall. The lounge areas are cool, but I've found that they're almost always populated by (old?) men, waiting for their wives.  The televisions placed in most of them make it difficult to sit and have a conversation or even just to pull your things together.  I tend to opt for the benches scattered around rather than the "watch sports until wifey is done shopping" areas. All in all, they have a bookstore, my stylist, the clothing store I prefer, the best mainstream theater in the area, a post office that's open on the weekends, a decent coffee shop, two game stores and a Radio Shack AND they're on an easy busline.  What more could a nerdy girl ask for?
Middle aged women in minivans are crazy this time of year (Christmas 2008).  Cut you off in the parking lot, glare at you, hoover around parking spots and pounce like a cat on prey. I'm making dipping and seasoning oils as Christmas Gifts this year and I wanted to see if I could find some bottles at the Christmas Tree Shop. The worst thing about the Christmas Tree Shop is having to go there. Then, the people that shop there, followed by the low quality garbage the sell there followed by the horrifying fake cinnamon the is currently giving my diarrhea. The mall itself is lovely inside. Beautiful tile and fireplaces. They have all the standard stores and shops. I think this is the best mall in the area if you like that kind of thing.
I rarely go to Crossgates anymore, unless I need to go to Best Buy or the Apple store. Otherwise, the Macy's at Colonie Center has more in stock (at least in the women's and home departments, where I shop) and the Barnes and Noble blows away the Borders competition at Crossgates -- open until 11pm: that's my kind of bookstore. The biggest problem with Colonie Center is the parking -- the entrances on Wolf Rd. funnel you to the areas with the least amount of spaces. And, that section of Wolf Rd. is awful during the holidays because Toys R Us plugs up the traffic. I just learned that the Colonie Center post office is open until 8pm on Saturday night. That alone gives the mall another star!
I go here a bunch with the kiddo.  They have a small, and kinda lame play space.  But young kids just love running around with other young kids, so he has a good time. Cleverly, the play space is right outside a toy store.  And we usually have to pass Friendly's at some point while we are there.  However, strategic use of the escalators in Sears can be used to make it to the Taco Bell in the food court and escape the lure of grilled cheese and ice cream. Once the movie theater opens, this place is going to be a madhouse.  And you can just forget about getting into p.f. changs or the cheesecake place.  But feel lucky... Emperor's is across Wolf Road.  And it's better anyhoo.
I'm not a fan of malls.  But they are what they are, and this one fills the gap nicely.  Always compared to it's larger sibling down the road, after the renovation a few years ago it's not a bad place to walk around. Plus, the Macy's here is pretty good.
Why Colonie Center is better than Crossgates: 1. A lot cleaner 2. Spacious, more open 3. Easier to navigate 4. Enormous Barnes & Noble (2 floors) 5. Beautiful movie theater 6. People are less immature
Not familiar with the capital region? If you're the sort of person who needs a shopping mall in your life, utilize this one instead of the arguably better-known Crossgates Mall the next town over. Colonie Center is less walkable and lacks Crossgates anchor stores but is the cleaner and more desirable of the malls.
3.5 I took a recent visit here.  The mall was clean, well labeled and easy to get around and figure out where I was.  It's on the smaller size but there are a few key stores that keep that place bumping:  Barnes and Noble (HUGE), Macys, and LLbean.  I wish there were more stores and some of the space wasn't leased out at all which was a bummer.   There were also decent food options (typical mall places) plus sit down places if you wanted em. I enjoyed it and was able to get in and out.
Colonie Center, not as bad as Crossgates! I've always liked Colonie Center, even before their big remodeling project. Why? They've always deviated away from the typical mall fare while stay maintaining a fair amount of occupancy and traffic. Even now, they have a good mix of chain retailers (L.L. bean, Sephora, etc.) and more unique stores. The offerings are also fairly diversified. It has a good mix of clothing stores for women, men, and children and a smattering of other services (post office, driving school, etc.) I'd also like to give them extra points for having the body shop. This store used to be in every mall, and now is impossible to find.
Some people hate malls...I love them. I hadn't been to Colonie Center in years, but the renovation is astounding. We had a great lunch at Cheesecake Factory (I am not big on chains but I really like Cheesecake Factory) and walked around the new LL Bean store, which is amazing. It is nice to be able to browse merchandise from LL Bean and try some stuff on before buying. Parking is a cinch. The mall lacks a destination feel, but if you are just hitting a few choice stores, you won't be disappointed.
This was my favorite of the two major malls in the Captial Area. The Macy's was more "fancy", the theater was awesome with decent concessions. Love the L.L. Bean store. Go my bed from the Sears there. Sephora is there. Too bad traffic is a nightmare. This mall gets crowded fast.
This is the better of the two "big" malls in the Albany/Colonie area in terms of stores and accessibility. The parking lot area in front of the more recent additions - Cheesecake Factory and Barnes & Noble - is a bit of a nuisance. I like the face lift that the inside got, particularly the food court. As for the stores - separate reviews.
It's you know, a suburban mall.
I love Colonie Center. This is also the only mall that my mom (who really hates malls) will venture into. It is usually far less crowded than Crossgates and has a lighter, airier feel to it, with more natural sunlight and open space. My favorites here include Macys, Express, NY & Co. and Christmas Tree Shops.
This mall is really clean and they have a few sitting areas which is pretty nice. They have an elevator by the movie theater and another one outside of the food court. 2 floors.
There are two major malls in Albany, NY and out of those two Colonie center is much better place. It has a nice selection of stores. My favorites are L. L. Bean, Bose store and Boscov's. There are plenty of other options to choose from. The place is large and does not feel very congested most of the time. There is a nice place for children to play in the middle, a plus for parents who want to keep them busy. Restaurants are okay. Movie theater is nice and the cafeteria now has five guys burgers.
This place is huge and has a vast amount of stores. LLBean, Sears and Macy's, to name a few. There's plenty of room for parking. Stop by and check it out.
They've really done a lot to improve this place.  I used to think it was going to die like CPC or Rotterdam Square, but it's gotten consistently better.  A few years ago, they got a Barnes and Noble, a Sephora, a brand new cinema (a REALLY nice one), an L.L.Bean, and several new restaurants, not to mention several expanded stores.  The upstairs toward Sears is still kinda dead, but then, Christmas Tree Shop doesn't exactly draw in big spenders.  The Macy's here is three stories and has a lot more to offer than the Macy's at Crossgates, not to mention better service.  The food court has some interesting places now, including a branch of Bettie's Cupcakes.  I really can't recommend the theater enough.
I do not know what to make of this mall!!!  I must say, in all honesty, that I am very skeptical about the major makeover they did in the last couple of years.  Yeah, the place looks GREAT!!!  But at what a price!!!  From every thing I've read, they've spent a small fortune!!!  And, regarding the exterior appearance, they didn't even tough the ugliest part of the whole thing... the hunk-a-block SEARS monster...that faces all the traffic!!!  If anything looks dated and ugly, it has to be that huge bomb shelter!  (or, at least, that's what it looks like from the outside).  Talk about 'streetscape'  (from their makeover description).  And the parking in 'front' got totally messed up.  Before finding parking used to be fairly easy.  Now' it's impossible. When I go there, I usually end up by Lens Crafters or next to Macys.   Aside from the theaters the mall is lacking in entertainment.  Both the sorry excuse they had for an arcade and the 'game room' in the back of FYE are gone!   So the only place to go for something to do is the Barnes and Noble.  Admittedly that is a nice store.  I'm very disappointed that Regal didn't put in an IMAX.  I don't know, maybe Regal doesn't have the license or rights.  That would have made it!   I have no idea where the owners are going to get back the millions and millions of dollars they put into doing the makeover.  Aside from clothing and footwear, retailing is going out of the mall and on-line.  It's too convient to click on your computer at the time of your convenience and not have to fight the traffic and parking hassles.  I noticed Glennpeters is building a new free-standing  store a few blocks away on Central Ave, so there goes another tenant.  As for movies,  today we have surround sound Home theater, hidef TV and download pay-per-view.  When you factor in the cost of the limited and overpriced refreshments, even more so.  I've seen articles that the owners of this mall are in bankruptcy and, in all frankness, are not suprised.   Wanna buy a mall for cents on the dollar??
I like to come here to Colonie center. It has all the great stores and its really spacious and beautiful.
Great shopping experience.  Can't wait for Whole Foods!
