This is my 4-5th time having service here and to be honest the only reason I keep coming back is; 1. Its at the mall which is convenient for when I'm there. 2. It's the only place around in Pensacola I know of that does threading. Every time I've been I've only see one person working. It cost $11 for your eyebrows and for $11 I've had much much better service from places all over the country. They do only clean up with a dry Kleenex and nothing to help tooth your skin beforehand.  The lady that does mine is pretty good, she gets the shape right. Overall its not my favorite place but happens to be the only one around.
Eyebrow thread was $11 . Waited about 10 min or so. The older lady was nice but I've had better threading. She acted like there were more customers the way she hurried me along. She didn't clean my eyebrow hairs up just used a Kleenex with no product or witch hazel. I'm giving 3 stars bc my eyebrows look ok but not for the price she charged. Won't be going back
Absolutely fell in love with this place. Dipali did a great job. I'm one to not let anyone touch my eye brows, I gave this place a chance, and  I fell in love with it. Eye brow threading cost $11 Def recommending this place to everyone. Mall hours Mon- Sat 10am - 9 pm Sun 12 pm-6pm
Do NOT let the older lady do your eye brows! Her name is Naseem Virji and she is horrible! Not only did she mess up my eye brows, she made me bleed twice and accused me of lying when I said something. She was hard on the thread, enough to make me tear up and stop her 3 times. I told her I just wanted her to clean them up and she ended up making them super thin, and one is shorter then the other. When she was "done" she didn't even clean me up, left all the torn up eyebrows all over my face, and walked away. I hate to get lotion for myself and clean it up. She was rude and didnt care about what I thought. All the other times I've been it was good, and the younger lady was great and took her time.
I went to the Brow Art 23 in Ft. Walton Beach, Santa Rosa Mall, and the lady made my eye brows so thin! I am a hairy person and I love my thick eye brows. The lady there just destroyed them. I left there looking like a chola. I was so upset. If you want shape and you want your brows to look nice and thick do not go here. If you like your eye brows thin than I highly recommend it. I ALWAYS leave a tip but I was just so upset that she made me look terrible I couldn't even leave her a dollar!
If I could give negative stars I would!! Please do yourself a favor and don't go here! I recently moved to Pensacola and needed to find a new place to get my eyebrows threaded at. Not having many places to choose from I tried my luck here. Biggest mistake of my life. I've been getting my eyebrows threaded in Jacksonville for about a year now and they have been perfect. Really all I needed was a clean up and the shape did not need to be touched too much. Well, I come in and "the older lady", as everyone else in these reviews have referred to her as, was sitting behind the desk. She was completely rude from the beginning! No one else was there so she started on my eyebrows right away. I have very dark eyes brows and I like them pretty thick so I told her exactly what I wanted, just for them to be cleaned up and that I wanted to keep the shape and keep them thick. Well, as she was hacking away at my eyebrows she kept going on and on about how she's the best threader in town AND THEN she tells me my eyebrow shape is horrible!! Um, no, I don't think so!! She finally finishes and shoves a Kleenex in my face and walks away. I stand up, look in the mirror and start to cry! My perfect eyebrow shape was now no thicker than if she were to pick up a pen and draw a single line where my eyebrow hair use to be. They were literally 3 strands of hair thick. And so uneven!! I paid and walked out crying. I felt and for the two girls who walked in as she was finishing me up and looked on wide eyed as I examined my poor eyebrows with tears rolling down my face. I hope they took that as a cue to leave!! Further examination once I reached my car was that certain stray eyebrow strands didn't even get touched and there were strands that weren't pulled out completely and broken at the shaft. I will be working on growing my eyebrows back out forever!!
Be careful of the new threaders. I was there last night and the girl spent 2 minutes max doing my eyebrows. The lines aren't clean, stray hairs were left on the lower brow bone, she didn't touch the top of the brow, blood wasn't blotted off, and the pulled hairs weren't brushed off, just left on my forehead.  I had to ask her to clean up the center area, which she took tweezers and pulled a few hairs from the inner edge of my left eyebrow - so now they're uneven and the center wasn't even touched. I had to go home and clean everything up myself. Had that been my first time there, I would NOT come back. But I know the other girls do amazing work. I'll continue to go back, but if that girl is there, I'll be turning around and leaving.
I use to adore coming to this place when the twins worked here. Now it seems that they hired someone who rather come to work late and take long lunches than meet the needs of their clientele. To explain, on 8/23/2012 at 10am (when the malls opens) two women and I were waiting to get our eyebrows done hoping to beat the rush. At 10:30 there was still no one at the shop (see picture of closed store) so I decided to leave to run errands and come back later. So around 5:15PM give or take, I decided to come back to get my eyebrows done quickly before meeting my neighbor for dinner. Upon arrival I found a half open store with a note attached to the gate (again see picture). When I got there there were three women waiting...a half hour passed and there were literally seven women waiting outside the store with me (one left due to frustration). When Talia (not sure how to spell her name) finally showed up (again see picture) she didn't apologize for our wait she just acted like she had always been there, and proceeded to try to figure out who to take first. Every time I visit Pcola I often go into Brow Arts due to their excellent service and reputation, and I have never dealt with someone with such a bad work ethic, plus to add insult to injury, the girl that went before me ended up with uneven eyebrows (AGAIN see picture). Thankfully she had long bangs! To say the least after seeing the work that was done on her I figured I would just travel to Alabama to get my eyebrows done by someone with more skill, experience and that shows me that she/he wants by business by coming to work on time. All I can say is consumer beware!
I used to go to this place religiously.  There were two twins who would thread my eyebrows beautifully.  However, they left and started their own business in Destin.  After them leaving, the owners had great difficulty finding good people.  I went there two weeks ago and a lady completely cut my face.  I was bleeding everywhere and had scabs for three days afterwards. I do not recommend going to Brow Art 23.
This was my first threading experience and the woman was very nice and quick. Maybe too quick because over my left eye there was a lot of broken skin (photo posted) and a small area over my right as well. I never got this from waxing. Haven't decided if I'll go back and give them a second try.
