It's a huge mall.  Easy to get to, right off Western Avenue as well as the highway.  Pretty much any store you can think of is here.  There's a movie theatre inside as well.   It's your basic mall, just bigger!
I'm a lifelong resident of Albany, and so I've been to this mall countless times. In the past 10 or so years, I've watched it go downhill. Empty store fronts, sketchy kiosks, multiple dollar stores and "newsstands," "cash for gold" places, random gift shops, T-shirt screening shops. You know, the kinds of places that make you think the mall is headed for closure. Not to mention that both the interior and exterior were in serious need of updating. But now, I'm happy to say this mall is really picking itself back up again. I think this has, in large part, been driven by the competition from nearby Colonie Center, which underwent a total facelift and got some great new stores never before seen in the Capital District. Crossgates needed to step up their game to survive, and they have. Many of the chain stores have been renovated; off the top of my head, Gap, Bath & Body Works, H&M, and Victoria's Secret all have completely new looks and, in some cases, new locations within the mall. Some great new businesses have been brought in, or will be brought in in the near future, such as Michael Kors, The Art of Shaving, Texas de Brazil (steakhouse), Lord & Taylor, Latitude 360, Dave & Buster's, Athleta, World of Beer, and Vera Bradley. The common areas and hallways have also undergone some great updates, with new tiles and paint, as well as some nice benches and tables for taking a break from shopping. The inside is looking great; I hope they do the outside next, as it still needs some work. Another benefit to Crossgates is that there is plenty of parking, and it is pretty easy to find a parking spot most of the time. Obviously if you go on a Friday night and try to park near the movies, you might have a harder time, but there are plenty of lots that are almost never full. I'm pleased to see Crossgates making an effort to improve its aesthetics and bring in new businesses. If you haven't been in awhile, it's definitely worth a visit to see the renovations being made and check out some of the new stores.
Pretty good. Good place to spend the day.  Glow mini golf, Dave n busters, movies, shopping and dining. Had a relaxing day. Good array of $$$ to $ shops. Did a little bit of everything. Ate at UNOs, shopped around, and watched guardians of the galaxy IMAX 3D! Fun times.
Even if malls had souls, Crossgates wouldn't. This mall comes across to me as not much more than shiny floors, over-fancy store fronts, too much hype, and a generally bleak atmosphere. I'll typically only come here if it's to visit a store I can't find anywhere else locally (see individual reviews). It starts in the parking lot. I hate angled parking lanes in which you're only supposed to drive in 1 direction. The parking spots are too narrow (maybe they just got greedy for trying to fit as many cars as possible?), and everybody has encountered people who drive the wrong way in these lanes. The layout for this mall is just awkward, with it's long, angled line. And a few years back the owners tried to convince the locals that they needed to make this a 7-story mall? Give me a break.  Has anyone counted the number of empty stores in there right now, or the number of escalators being repaired or out of service? Today it was more than half the escalators. The seating as you walk through the mall is bad too.  The best seating is typically in areas of roughly 8' by 16' of cheap carpeting, usually with 4 padded chairs that are a step down from what I see at Home Goods. Everything else is uncomfortable plastic or metal. It's just as well; with all the security folk walking around, it feels like if you sit for more than 5 minutes you'd be accused of loitering. The kiosks are typically staffed by one of 2 types of people. Most of them are sitting there staring into their tablets oblivious to everything else unless you call to them. And the others - have you ever encountered homeless people in Seattle or Portland, OR? They are very much in your face when asking for handouts. It feels like the mall recruited some of these folk to be the other type of kiosk staff. There was nothing special about the food court either. It's large enough, and if you want to sit in some bright sunlight, you can sit in the back near the large windowed area and get an excellent view of ... the parking lot.  The men's room was too small for the food court, and it reeked of urine. Maybe when Lord and Taylor opens in the fall of 2014, it will be better... maybe.
I've always loved the Crossgates, and really have no complaints, except it just seems smaller. Maybe its because I've been spoiled by super malls, which have screwed up my expectations of how big they should all be. Damn you Carousel Mall you have ruin me! But I digress, Crossgates is still a great mall.
I like Crossgates Mall because it is one of those urban gathering places that exist because of consumerism and portray what is wrong and why people are closing down independent businesses. If you take that out of your mind and you want to comfortable while shopping during one of those upstate NY snow falls, this is the place to be. It is readily accessible by bus from most of the city, where people ride buses and has a wide variety of shops. They have the typical selection for a middle class shopping, you should be able to find all you need in here including a gym and a movie theater with separate entrance. There is a shuttle bus that goes to near by wal-mart also. I have visited this mall so many times and wish to visit many more times.
Must be the biggest mall I've been to. This place made me feel like I was in a city. Not that Albany isn't a city. It was just very deserted the day I visited. It was quite a transformation being in the mall. Plenty of people bustling around at every corner. This mall has all the stores I usually go to. I don't think I've even completed my walk around the entire place. The Forever21 was humungous! It was a department store unto its own. I've never seen anything like it. And I'm a city girl. I started getting a headache, and admittedly a little lost, after looking around for 15 minutes. The food court was small given how big the mall was. Food seemed cheap, but I didn't try. Worth to check out if you're in the area.
We like this place. Perfect in size this mall caters to everyone's shopping interests. From fashionable clothing stores to various entertainment outlets with Best Buy as one of its anchors you can easily lose yourself here on a weekend afternoon. Families - if they so desire - can follow their interest then meet later for a meal at the various dining venues or take in a movie. Plenty  of options here. Easily accessible off a main highway. Parking is plentiful and free (apparently this latest mall thievery hasn't hit Albany yet). With Crossgates Mall's comfortable layout stores can be located quickly.   We wish we had this mall in Westchester County.
I have stopped several times over the years here while driving the road from Montreal to New York City or vice versa. It is extremely easy to get here while driving south bound has you just keep driving to the end of the "Northway" and you end up here! It's practical as you can grab a coffee, hit the restroom and get an accessory from the Apple Store or Best Buy. There is a good choice of other shops if you feel so incline. Not the best place to stop however if you look for fine food.
Crossgates, look. We need a break. It's just not working out any more. I'd try to give you the gentle let down and tell you that it's not you, but... it is you. It's all you. The kiosk people are ridic. I feel like I'm in hawker territory, only far more aggressive. Hair styling products, sea salt bath scrubs, whatever they're selling, I'm not buying. And they really don't take no for an answer. Here's what an average trip to the mall is like from me. Walk a few hundred feet. I don't want to be engaged by the kiosk vendors, so I practically walk along the glass of the storefronts to stay as far away from them while not making eye contact and half of the time I'm on my phone. Then I have someone shove some stupid thing in my face going "Free sample, miss?!".  This used to really bug me, but then I figured, okay, they're selling. It's annoying but I'll just say "No thank you," and be on my way. Half of the time they mutter something under their breath before preying on their next victim. Now this invasion of space has progressed to following me a few steps while I'm walking asking me if they can "Ask just one quick question?". Seriously, stop it. I don't like being followed in the mall. Today I even went to customer service to complain (Oh, and had to pass 3 other pushy kiosks on my way there, joy). I got a "I'll let management know." I mean, I know most customer service reps can't do much, but I just don't feel like anything is going to change as a result of this. So Crossgates, we're done. You used to be my mall. Now I'll take my business elsewhere. When I think "Shopping Spree" I think "fun", "carefree", and "enjoyable". I don't think "stalk", "prey", and "unavoidable hard sell". I don't like being harassed when I'm shopping. P.S. the leaks all over when it rains didn't help much either.
Scene: Yours truly was standing against the wall waiting for my partner to meet me when a salesman from a kiosk approached. Swine: "Can I show you something?" Me: "No, thanks." Swine: "Oh come now, I'll show you this blah blah." Me: "No, thank you." Swine: "But why?" Me: "Look, I'm not going to buy anything." Swine: "Why be cheap?" Me: "Don't insult me. What's wrong with you? I'm telling you I'm not going to buy anything from you and you insult me?" He went to try to sell his product to someone else but I followed him and told him he shouldn't be insulting people. I got a mumbled apology and would have continued to follow him around but my partner showed up and I had better places to be. I don't like how many kiosks are at the Crossgates Mall and the tactics that the people who work there use.
No covered parking?  Are you kidding me?   For a mall this grand?   In a place where it snows in the winter?   And is sunny and hot in the summer?   And rainy in the spring? Really? They want people to track in snow? And wet umbrellas? And come back to sauna like cars? What is even worse, is I am the only one who seems to care. Peh. And bad move to ban the teenagers.   I support the downtrodden. Everyone dumps on teenagers and skateboarders. What gives?
Very decent mall for the area. Management makes sure mall is clean. Tons of good stores with wide range of shops. Very much worth the drive to go to dicks and best buy.
When you see license plates from Vermont, you know this is the mall TO BE AT SON. I used to do stupid stuff here as a junior high and high schooler all the time, browse Victoria's Secret looking to pick up girls, making fun of Abercrombie and Fitch, criticizing Hot Topic, actually buying something from one of the following: Best Buy, DSW, Macy's, that's probably it. I've gotten racist comments here, I've seen 2 instances of actual Nazism here, I've seen whole cheerleading teams here perform a routine before seeing Bring It On (I own that movie it RULES). I've seen people beat dance dance revolution while screaming obscenities at them. I've tried that vendor across the way from the Regal 18 popcorn stand. Its ok. I've seen one space go through 5 different stores. I've been to the Hooters and recognized the waitresses from class. I've been to the Ruby Tuesdays and embarrassed myself thoroughly. I remember the Hoyts 12, which eventually became a great place to catch up on second run movies for cheaper, its still the nicest non-stadium seating theater I've been to. The amount of mullets I've seen accosting their wives or husbands in the parking lot by Best Buy rivals the Super Wal-Mart in Clifton Park. If I'm home for the holidays I don't do my shopping anywhere else, because you'll find anything you are looking for here. Its really big and has a lot of variety to it, better than most malls, and it has a crowd that's ripe for picking at. When Latham Circle caved in when I was really young and became a shithole, this was the mall growing up where we used to go after school and just bum around for a bit and eat at the Taco Bell or Wendy's. They used to have Harry's sandwiches there, but no more. Their arcade was once expansive as well. I remember when it was half its size. I remember when teens could go there whenever and not be stopped by silly rules (why bar the biggest mall demographic that is able to drive from being in there unsupervised after what is it now, 6pm?). I hate malls. I really do; living in New York makes you hate them even more. But its a great meeting place, great place to shop, the 2 levels really helps crowd control, everything is tacky, and well its a good place to go back to and be like wow, I was that kid years ago. Its a temporal mark of how I've grown. Oh and I'm sorry about walking out with wet floor signs from Lord and Taylors. They're in Chris Cabin's garage if you ever need them back.
It's a standard larger size retreaded mall. You will go or not go here no matter what I write here,  so I will write about the Birds of Mall Island. Mall Island is a curious feature, created by the curiously encompassing nature of Crossgatania, surrounded as it is by the River of Concrete and the Northway Ocean. In this curious habitat, munching on a snack in the food court, my son and I observed several families of birds that had taken up residence indoors, under the glass. Obviously the isolation of being on Mall Island had generated natural selection, resulting in the curious species foodcourtus avianensis, or the Common Shopperbill. The birds have cleverly adapted to exploit a new niche, which is the simply enormous amount of spilled food on the floor. We observed them carefully wait for a gap in the foot traffic to swoop and pounce on spilled tidbits ahead of the clean-up guys, and return to what we could hear were chirping chicks, unseen, high above the seating area. Not having Sir David Attenborough on speed dial, we are left to wonder about the lifecycle of these clever creatures. Do they live year round? How do they escape being cleaned out by the maintenance staff? How many generations of Mall Birds have lived here? Where's all the bird poop? On future visits, perhaps some of these mysteries will be resolved. In the meantime, our initial visit to Crossgatania and the curiosities of Mall Island has been accomplished, and thus we are now one with the native environment of the Capital Region.
Biggest Mall in the Whatever. Maybe it's the biggest in New York, maybe the whole northeast. Who knows, but it is huge. It takes 15 minutes to walk from one end to the other, and that doesn't take into account a few short offshoots. Add on the top level, and if you want to just see all the stores here, count on it taking longer than a half hour. Your usual junk is there, the usual crappy food, the Gap / Old Navy / Banana Republic corner. The place is usually pretty clean, no riff-raff as Mom would say. And they've got an Apple store. And two Orange Juliuses. Those are worth the trip alone. The prices might not be the best, but if you want it, it's here. Somewhere.   EDIT: Crossgates has just banned teenagers from their mall if they don't have parents with them. It's too bad I can't give more than five stars! Good job, Crossgates!
This is a great place to browse and it is HUGE. I don't think there's much you could not find in the mall and the stores on Washington Ave Extension. Crossgates also holds a special place in my heart because I was there in 1985 or 1986 on its opening day when I was just a wee child. It's one of my earliest memories. Perhaps that's why I love shopping so much. :) I tend to go here a lot but not buy much. Damn NYS and the evil 8% sales tax. In Massachusetts we have no tax on clothes, so I buy in my home state. GO MA!
Freshman year in college, this place was a hang out when my friends and I couldn't find free alcohol. Oh good times.... Crossgates is the largest mall in the Albany region. Its competitor is the Colonie Center, only a few exits away off of highway 87. The difference between the two is that Colonie Center has Sephora, Cheesecake and PF Changs. Crossgates may have more restaurants built inside the mall, but I prefer the former. I give Crossgates the 5 star because it is the only place I went to for shopping. And you would have found me shopping at H&M and Forever21.
I needed some spirit gum for Halloween and was at the mall, and it occurred to me maybe I could find it here. Score! My iPhone tells me "Capital Costume" shop is located not far from where I am standing. Now the fun begins. It's hard to find a mall directory... the signs only list the big stores, and many of the kiosks that used to have directories have sold the space for ads. Ah, here we go... Capital Costume is at 212 and I'm at a shop the directory says is 119 so seems like a simple matter to go up the stairs and it should be right there.. But up top, Capital Costume is nowhere in sight. And none of the numbers appear on the storefronts so it's not possible to look it up by address. I resort to wandering and finally, Capital Costume is way down by Best Buy at the other end of the mall. Go figure. I enter and, three days before Halloween, their spirit gum supply has not yet come in. Fail. The management needs to give Crossgates Mall some love. The foot traffic is not bad for the times but there are a lot of boarded up shops with very little attempt made to look like anything other than empty eye sockets. And the signage, or lack thereof, is pitiful. A major escalator is shut down in the middle of the mall. Would it kill management to put up a couple of signs pointing to an alternate way to get where you're going? I took a picture of a customer service booth, but it is empty... "coming soon." Says it all.
For a small city like Albany, this mall is humungo! It has something for everyone, from the low-end shops like H&M to the high-end stores like Coach. This is a shopper's haven (especially young women)! There are several restaurants where shoppers can dine at other than the typical food court selections. There's even a movie theatre inside the mall that has a large menu of theatre foods, and video games to play. A good-size gym is in the mall too, and it's hardly ever crowded. One little negative about this mall is that its too huge - you may have to walk all the way to the other end of the mall to get to a store. So you have to kinda plan your shopping visit strategically. Parking is also difficult at times so shoppers beware.
When I used to come here, the only attraction for me was H&M. Now that I don't shop at H&M anymore, there is really no reason for me to come to this mall, even if I'm in the area. The whole parking situation is like World War III. It is extremely chaotic and headache-inducing. They do have a pretty nice movie theater, but I prefer the theater at Colonie Center. The people who come to this mall seem to be very immature and obnoxious. I would avoid it at all costs, unless you come here early in the morning when the mall is practically empty.
When you love to shop as much as I do, growing up near a pitifully small mall with virtually no good clothing stores is about as bad as it gets.  Luckily, Crossgates Mall is only an hour drive away, and is home to my two favorite stores of all time - H&M and Forever 21.  Perfect!  Now if only gas prices weren't so high, I'd be here all the time. The mall itself is clean, which I greatly appreciate considering the mall in my hometown is pretty disgusting.  One negative thing I do have to agree with other reviewers on is the behavior of the kiosk vendors.  The first time I walk by a stand selling hair products or whatever, I smile and say no thank you.  But the vendor inevitably keeps shouting after me.  The next time I walk by another, I shake my head and look the other way.  Vendor still doesn't take a hint and keeps shoving their product in my face.   Third time I go by, it's all I can do to keep from yelling at them.  I don't think they understand that many shoppers just want to be left alone.  I can't imagine how they get any customers when they are so pushy like that.  Parking can be tricky too, especially on a Saturday or during the holiday season. I feel like I am complaining a lot considering this is a 3 star review, but to get to shop in stores that I actually like, it is definitely worth the hassle and potential risk of being chased down by a kiosk employee or two.
Oh Crossgates. Don't get me wrong, I really do enjoy some of your stores. You have an American Eagle, a J.Crew and a H&M. Other than that, you're not really offering that much. It's a large mall.. but all of the stores are national chains, and are a dime a dozen. Also, I get such a sense of dread upon entering Crossgates that I'd rather drive over to the Berkshire mall (or Colonie). I agree with the other reviewers and say that the vendors are awful. If I wanted hair straightening tools or a T-mobile phone, I'd walk up to your kiosk. If I'm walking past you with my head down, I probably don't want to be bothered.
Ahh childhood memories of this place with family... What a great mall... With great memories :-)
This is an amazing mall, with an enormous variety of stores and restaurants ranging from the various cheap food-court Asian cuisine options which all have suspiciously similar food, to a fondue restarant, to Johnny Rocket's (a 50s style diner) and The Standard (a retro themed place, but in a much classier way than Rocket's) There major stores are JC Penney's, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods, Best Buy, and Burlington Coat Factory.  They have all the usual stores, like Coach, Forever21 and JCrew, catering to most income levels (if you're looking for Tiffany's, though, you're out of luck here) and even containing a Dollar Store.  Several spots in the mall seem to cycle through new places rapidly so there's always something new there.. Easily the best thing about Crossgates IMO is that they ban teenagers after a certain time (6pm, I think?) on weekends if they're not accompanied by an adult.  If you're close to the age limit, it sucks because they'll ID you, but otherwise it's really refreshing to not have a bunch of mall rats roaming around... yeah. The worst thing is that, for a mall so large, they don't have very well placed escalators, elevators and staircases.  There are escalators on each end, in Macy's and Penney's, and then one in the middle.  Other than that, there is a crooked staircase somewhere around the middle..  Kind of weird for a mall that takes quite a bit of time to walk across.
Abandon all hope ye who enter here. Huge and overcrowded, inconsistent and constantly renovating or shifting around. This is a hectic place where you go if you want to be overcharged for the same stuff you could buy at the same stores throughout the capital region. Parking is a committed battle. Consider taking the CDTA if you don't mind poor smells. The food court is constantly in violation of health codes. If you're looking for a decent cinema for 10.50 a head, try the new Regal at Colonie Center instead. The mall is very accessible. There are disabled entrances everywhere. Like I said the mall is directly on numerous bus lines which has more recently given the place a decidedly urban flavor. The mall appears to attract or inspire criminality. There is a massive security team and  auxiliary police station directly in the mall, plus loss prevention offices everywhere. The police are suburban and committed, as are the security details, do your thieving elsewhere if you know what's good for you. Open the local blotter if you want examples. I really can't emphasize enough how bad the parking is, especially during peak and holiday hours, and off-school hours.
It gets crowded, and it gets hot in there - but all in all, I love Crossgates.  I'm not used to having a variety of stores to shop at being from Southeastern Ohio/West Virginia and all, so I'm always delighted when I stroll around Crossgates.  Although H&M can get a tad messy and the bathrooms aren't the cleanest (it's always incredibly busy), I still dig the shopping experience. Plenty of food choices, and the Dick's Sporting Goods is awesome. The only thing I can't stand? How the security guys patrol the mall, searching for teens to yell at. C'mon...
Use Colonie Mall if possible. I mostly go to Crossgates for Bestbuy when I can't wait for mail order delivery or Crossgates is playing a movie I can't see elsewhere. It's a big mall with lots of low quality merchandise, food and customers.  The Macy's at Colonie even has a better selection than the Macy's in Crossgates.   I would say Crossgates has superior ass watching to Colonie Mall if that's your sort of thing to do in a mall.
Malls are never entirely pleasant ordeals.  Crossgates at one point was the biggest mall in New York state or some other dubious honor.  There was even the story of the controversial t-shirt, and the breast feeding sit-ins.  What's more they've had problems with "da youth" since when youre living upstate, there is really no place else for kids to go.   I get here on occasion to go to the movies.  The theaters are decent, but I like Colonie ones better.  That said there are also a lot of stores, and the food court usually has some free samples being passed out.  Go for it!
I have been back in the area for 2 years now and yesterday was my first trip to Crossgates. I think it is pretty cool that with the advent of the internet and online shopping, there is not as much of a need to drive to Albany all the time to shop. When I was younger, Crossgates was the yardstick mall...the mall to measure all of the other malls. Pizzeria Uno for beers downstairs before a movie, lots of people hanging around, large movie theater. The mall is essentially an indoor version of outdoor malls in other parts of the country...they have a Best Buy and Dicks Sporting Goods as anchor stores, which is pretty cool. But overall, the mall may actually be too big...if you are interested in wasting a few hours walking around...Crossgates is a good bet, but if you want to hit a few specific stores, wear comfortable shoes.
I don't know why everyone is hating on the Crossgates mall. It is certainly not the biggest nor the most attractive of malls I have been to. I have seen malls both humongous, and pathetic. I used to live within half an hour of the vastness of the Palisades mall and the slowly dying Nanuet mall. In term of the mall demographics, I do see plenty of stupid looking teenagers in stupider outfits. However, no one is yelling, running, just shopping as normal. I used to abhor constantly being stopped on the weekend by security guards asking if I was over 18 when I'm nearly 30. They don't ask anymore, not sure if that's actually a good thing though. The benefit of the Crossgates mall over the Colonie Center is it has much better selection of clothing for young women (Banana Republic, Forever 21, H&M, J Crew, Wet Seal, and Charlotte Russe) .I abhor shopping at departments store as the juniors section is too young and the women's section does not fit me as I would like. Colonie center is more attractive, ans much better for restaurants and the theater, but I come here to shop.
I love this mall.  It's enormous, has terrific stores, and provides a great shopping experience for the residents of the Capital Region. It has a great movie theatre that's clean and not sketchy, and the stores are awesome.  The shopping is wonderful, particularly for the area.   I wish I lived closer to Albany so that I could make this mall my regular shopping destination.  Unlike the Westchester - which I do love -  Crossgates is a nice, normal mall that caters to normal people and not just to those that drive an Audi.  A great shopping experience.
A nice enormous size mall, which means there's a variety of shops to shop in. This means lots of shoppers and mall cops. Got stopped because I looked younger than eighteen and apparently there are hours where kids cannot walk around by themselves. Overall, I wouldn't shop here unless there's something important I need to get. Everything in this mall specifically is about 5% more expensive than everywhere else. For example, the taco bell's $5 box is not $5 dollars, it's actually more than $6. Yes, one of the nicest, big malls in the state, but you'll pay extra for it shopping here.
This mall is overrated when it comes to contents.  Sure it's a massive mall that stretches farther than any mall in the area, but in this case.. quantity does not equal quality. If you are a big "shopper" I guess this mall is for you, you'll find a dozen jewelers, far to many shoe stores, and more kiosk micro-stores than you've probably ever seen before. The saving grace this mall does have is it's anti-youth policy and it's movie theater.  Most stores in Crossgates are also available along Western or Central Ave, so unless you REALLY need to hit up a lot of stores at once, you can easily avoid going to this beast of a building. You'll probably save yourself a bit of money and sanity by doing so.
This mall is absolutely terrible! There are two Sprint stores on top of each other bit ATT is hidden in this mall. There are no directories in this mall. Prepare to wander aimlessly and frustratingly through the mall because of the lack of directions this mall gives you. Terrible infrastructure, the place is under constant construction. This is worse than the Regency Mall in my hometown. This place needs more directories, was only able to find one, no where near any of the main entrances. Avoid this mall and all establishments here. However the Apple store here was very professional and courteous.
I detest shopping at Crossgates Mall.  Why?  Because I have to be on the defense while walking through the halls.  I am constantly harassed by the kiosk workers to the point that I have to get mean and tell them to get the *F* away from me.  They don't take no for an answer if you're not interested in the crap they sell.  Same goes for all the survey takers.  I'm not there to answer 50 questions I'm there to shop.  And the food court is a joke.  You can't walk through without someone shoving samples of sugar coated deep fried chicken down your throat.  My solution is to never step foot in the place again.  Unless the retail establishment has a parking lot entrance that doesn't require walking through the interior halls only to constantly fend off pests, I won't go.
Absolutely no love lost. I am close to loathing this place and only go when there is no other option.  People nearly assault you selling skin cream and other useless goods almost impossible to avoid them all, noisy and a poor selection of stores for the size.
There's not too much to love about this place, it's too big, the parking lots are a nightmare and there's this weird funky  mildewy odor throughout the place.  I can't handle the chaos, the hordes of teenage girls pushing their parents into credit card debt and the incredibly annoying kiosk people. I don't need their cell phone crap, their hand lotion, their cheesy clothing etc. And don't get me started on how this Macy's is a pale imitation of Colonie Center. The only reason I come here usually is for H&M and DSW. If they would move I'd never darken the door here again.
No LV, Balenciaga, Gucci, Prada, Marc Jacobs in this mall. What a great place to go bag shopping with your girlfriend.
This mall is so 1980s, but just before I left the Capital Area I grew to find it oddly comforting. As a poor grad student, I found solace in student discounts, people watching, and the theater. I did get good service at the Best Buy. Good place to go if you don't want to think or forget your problems for a while.
Here's an update about Crossgates since I wrote the last one.  A few years ago the parent companies of Macy's and Filene's merged. The former Filene's at the end of the mall became a Macy's and the former Macy's is still vacant.  Dick's Sporting Goods built a beautiful two-level store where the former Lord and Taylor was.  Among other things they have some nice golf stuff there including an indoor putting green.  A while back a really fabulous store moved in known as For Love Of Wine (FLOW).  They do classes on wine two or three days a week which include tastings.  Sometimes the class gets to try a new wine to help decide if the store will stock it or not.  Unfortunately one of the attractions of this mall was a Borders bookstore and cafe which closed in early September when the company went under.  I think business has suffered from the MB18 rule as the younger set now simply goes to Colonie Center which is in the same general area and also fairly convenient to the bus line between Albany and Schenectady which runs 7 days including holidays.  There used to be a nice gaming arcade next to the food court but the MB18 rule killed it off.
What can I say, It's a mall. Has 2 floors, but the ability to get lost. I still get lost from time to time and I've been here well over 10 times. Some stores don't seem to be placed in the right locations. The stalls in the middle of the hallways are really annoying when they try and talk to you. There is always a lady with a clipboard at the bottom of the escalator by Best Buy wanting to ask you questions. Although, come to think of it, I don't think I saw her the last 2 times I was there.
So many stores and so many sales! And having a movie theater in the mall is nice. This mall has 2 floors and is pretty big, but not difficult to walk through the entire thing. And good food options inside. Easy parking.
This mall is big, 2 stories plenty of shopping options but the mall is 90% for women. There are very little mens clothing stores in the mall with the exception of a few half rate suit stores and macy's of course. Even the Macy's could be better.
Biggest mall I've been to yet! Clean, fun and unlimited stores. Great restaurants, too!
Place is a dirty rathole.
A necessary evil.  I don't like malls, but this one does what it needs to.  The stores are ok, but inside it just feels so depressing.
I've gone into this mall every once and awhile, and every time I head into this mall, it seems way too big to shop it all at once.  With two floors and containing some major names such as Best Buy and Verizon Wireless and even an Apple store, there's no reason not to go into this mall.  If I ever had more time, I'd take a little more time to shop, but because I don't live there and are able to shop for longer times, I don't tend to shop there all that often(but I do, on occasion).
This mall rocks, old school!
It is the best mall within a two hour drive.  However if you are coming from NYC or Long Island to go to school up here you will be a tad disappointed.  It does not have any high end stores but you're in college save your money for some books.. or drinks
I love this mall, it's big and has a lot to offer.  The kiosk people can be a little annoying though, but it's guess that's their job. LOL.  I find myself constantly running away from them. ;-)
I have been there several times, overall is good, but sometimes a little crowded during holiday sales.
Stay away from the chinese food in the food court. They will over-charge you and make you feel like shit.
I'm really not that impressed with Crossgates...in fact it makes me yawn.  I mean it serves its purpose as a mall; typical anchor stores and a variety of others to satisfy the taste of a variety of people. I actually find Crossgates to be rather bland as it lacks personality (yes a mall can have personality).  While you can find some decent wears, I find Crossgates to be very cookie-cutteresque (which is not always a bad thing...just not my thing).
The mall has really good clothing and good merchandises and accessories. I love to going to Kirkland I always find items to decorate my house.
This mall was midocre at best. Two floors of stores.  The anchor stores at Macy's, JC Penney and Best Buy.  The Macy's men's department was small and nothing special.  This mall has many of the typical maintstreem stores you would in any suburban mall anywhere in America.  In fact there is no high end shopping in Albany at all.  I really would not waste my time in shopping for fashion in Albany if I could help it,.
You'd think a mall this big wouldn't suck this badly.  For the longest time they didn't even have a bookstore, and I have a major problem with malls that don't have bookstores.  Even Clifton Park Center had a Waldenbooks before they started tearing the mall down.  And now that Borders is gone, there is once again not a bookstore at Crossgates.  It's unbelievable.  They're changing a lot around in this mall, but it's more moving stuff around than getting new stores.  The place is always wicked crowded on weekends.  They have the rule where you can't be in at night on weekends if you're under 18 unless a parent/guardian is with you, but I don't think they really enforce it, cause there's packs of loud teenagers running all through the place late on Fridays and Saturdays.  Their cinema sucks.  They have an "Imax," but for anyone who has ever been to an actual Imax theater, this is not genuine.  I don't know what exactly makes it an Imax theater, because the screen is nowhere near the size of a real Imax, and the last couple times I saw a movie in this "Imax" theater the sound was poppy and scratchy.  Maybe it's supposed to be a better quality screen or something, I don't know.  Since Colonie Center revamped their cinema, it's been infinitely better, and I never see a movie at Crossgates if I can help it.  There's a Pottery Barn and a Williams Sonoma at one end of the mall, but these are the only stores Crossgates has that I really get excited about.
I only go here for the Apple Store.  Otherwise, forget it.  Nothing out of the ordinary; nothing you cannot obtain on line.  So big I still get lost.  Food court stinks and so do the restaurants. Have actually been trailed by the kiosk salespeople trying to give us (UNWANTED) samples.  Also, the parking lot has no directional signs, so it's a major pain trying to get out of the lot and onto the expressway.  I certainly hope that Apple opens a store somewhere else in Columbia County so I never have to go back to this awful place again.  Totally depressing.
