Kelly was fabulous! It was a Monday filled with graduations, but she made sure to still check in and ensure we were having a good time (we were). M-Th specials definitely save some money, the calamari app is wonderful, but if you're only two people an app and two entrees is WAY too much food. That said, anytime we're in town this is our go to spot for at least two meals.  We especially love the outdoor/indoor seating and the dock that you can walk down once you're done with dinner.
My husband and I are on vacation so we came here tonight because a friend recommended it. I'm completely unimpressed and I wish we would've gotten up before being served to leave. The menu is nothing but fried seafood, I don't think any of it is fresh as somewhat advertised. It's called a chowder house but there's maybe two options for soups? The service was ok, server was pleasant but once we were done it took forever to get our receipt... (Still waiting actually...so I'm Yelping) I ordered the beer battered deep water fish for $21.99. The shrimp were fine, the fries are pretty gross, the coleslaw is flavorless (not creamy as the menu states), my husband ordered the shrimp platter for $23.99. He wasn't impressed & didn't finish his food either. I'm extremely disappointed, I really wish I would've gone somewhere else. Take my advice - avoid this place! (& I'm still sitting at my table waiting for my receipt so I can LEAVE.) *Update after speaking to Katie the manager* We complained about the food & service because the service got worse durning the meal. The manager told us no one ever complains & she wouldn't give us any refund. Now to me if a business believes in their products they'll stand by them & if you're unhappy they'll do something to make it up to you. Not this place. Couldn't care less, & they do not support the local military.
I really liked that it had a play area for kids and had an opening to like a private beach area. Get place to stop if you're on a roadtrip and need a place to stop for the kids to run around. I think I've had better chowders. Chicken Caesar salad was wilted but if not it had potential to be a good salad. The onion tower was HUGE! So were the fish tacos! Friendly staff, I forget our waitresses name but she was cool. 4 stars for having the play area, 3 stars for food taste, 4 for good service...
Food was marginal at best.  My mahi mahi was overcooked. My friends fried shrimp was tasteless. Service was less than ok. Too touristy for us. We made a wrong choice tonight. Better luck tomorrow for our group.
Drove 16 hours from Greendale Wisconsin for the chowder and food. When it's negative 20 it's what we dream about.  The firecracker shrimp is also just as dreamy. Shrimp boat and fish fry were divine. Can't wait to come back!!
Went here because it's an old favorite of the husbands. I didn't think there was a lot of variety to the menu. They have quite a bit of fish and fried items. I got the shrimp dinner, and it was pretty good. My cocktail was pretty weak, but my glass was cool! Overall the food was average, but the atmosphere made up for it.
Or server was Amber and she was great. I had the clam chowder and it was OK.  the potatos were very small and under cooked other than that the taste was good.  for a bowl of clam chowder and house salad was $11.99 which Ithought thought was a bit pricy for lunch.  My wife had fried fish which was cooked perfectly $14.99. with tax to and drinks $42.00.
Leader of the local tourist trappy restaurants featuring your standard fried options. I wish I had read reviews before going and waiting 40 minutes just to get a table in the back of the restaurant seated under a red lamp. Lesson learned - don't ever go back. But if you have to, stay outside and enjoy the scenery. Positive - Diesel fuel drink was great and calamari appetizer was huge!
Went to Flounder's last night for the first time! The calamari is great! They season it well and serve it with pickled banana peppers to give it a unique taste. I highly recommend the piña coladas! The entrees are a little pricey but so very very good! I ordered the blackened mahi mahi with asparagus and smashed potatoes. It was so delicious!!! Afterwards we went and played volleyball with an NBA draft player! I can't remember his name. The waiter wasn't very nice but it didn't detract from our groups experience :) Job well done!
Great meal, great service, great time. Karl with a K was the best waiter I've had in years. We had the baked oysters,  chowder and stuffed flounder. All tasty American seafood done well. Tourist spot? Yes. Good food and fun. You bet.
First of all, Flounders is at the only traffic light in Pensacola Beach NOT in Gulf Breeze as the map indicates. Secondly, the people who give this place 5 stars must be very drunk or really love overpriced touristy places. I went here on recommendation of a coworker (who must have been drunk). The place has great "boaty" decor. Food tastes good, large portions, but pricy. Service would've been better if our person had not had so many large groups to attend. The 2 girls with me ordered stuffed flounder, said it was good. I had Baja fish tacos, good too. We all brought leftovers to eat later! A plus for me is Flounders has Tabasco on the table b/c I like it real and hot!
Got the shrimp boat platter....Yuck.  The shrimp was not good at all....The bread & butter was the best thing about the meal.  Very loud & way too expensive for the quality of the food.  Eat somewhere else. Later that night I got very sick after eating at this place.  My boyfriend got sick as well.
This was our second trip to flounders. The good was just as good as the first time however our service was sub par tonight. The gentlemen waiting on us clearly had too many tables. Great environment with beach side seating with a nice pier and volleyball courts!
Had fish tacos on a date night. Kinda bland for a carribean inspired dish, dont try the key lime pie, its too huge for even two people and not very tasty. All in all, it was less of a n experiance than I remembered my my earlier years.
I do like the ambiance of this place, but the service and menu have gone downhill. Menu prices doubled to amounts you would pay 500 miles inland.
Great food with sizable portions vs. $$ with excellent views and a great atmosphere. We've been here about 7-10 times and the staff ranges from "eager to please" to "I don't give a rats a$$," but luckily our experience has been more of the former and not the latter. You will wait a while for your food but drinks and scenery keep you in good company. One of the places we bring family and friends when they come to visit. Don't pass it up if in Pensacola.
I ordered chowder at a chowder house...after three requests, I still don't have a spoon for my chowder...a spoon...at a chowder house. Now it's cold. However, diesel fuel is the bomb!!
Pretty happy with flounders! Half off double shot martinis all day Tuesday? Yes please. Seafood nachos would feed 4 people. I think the secret to those is ask for an extra plate, divvy off the top layers and eat the middle first (where all the seafood and cheese is). Dude, these rule. Great chowder, rich and potatoey & plenty of crab & shrimp without being too heavy for a hot day. Friendly service, great views, laid back atmosphere. Florida cool vibe. Will def be back!
Live band on a Monday night, playground for the kids, on the beach, volleyball nets, delicious food, great service, bread that is laced with crack!   What more could you ask for?   Best restaurant that we've been to on Pensacola beach!   We came here haphazardly because there was a two hour wait at red fish blue fish....  Thank God for the wait!   :-)  Pleasantly pleased and surprised.  Our server, Hannah, was very attentive and pleasant. Kudos Hannah!
All I can say is Shrimp and  bacon MAC . You must order. Awesome! The atmosphere is awesome and the kids had a great time playing volleyball and on the play ground. The food is outstanding. A must go if you are in the area.
Good experience. Were able to seat party of 12 in 2 tables. Oysters on the half shell were great, flounder chowder was a hit In Our group . Quite a lot or fried fare on the menu , but some grilled items . Servers were knowledgable of menu and offered suggestions. We had been in years past and did not have the quality of food, we were very pleased this visit.
Not many people around since it was winter when I came here.  Service was very friendly and food was good. I've never had calamari served with Jalapeños, but they added a nice kick.  You better be hungry because the one appetizer order is huge!  I also had a bowl of chowder, which was pretty good, not the best I've ever had, but it had large chunks of seafood, which I liked.  If I hadn't filled up on the calamari, I probably would have ordered another bowl.
It's summertime and a Saturday night. We arrived around 8:00 and the place was packed just like everything else on the island , no big deal we ended up waiting for like 20-25 min to be seated so we walked around and checked out some of the cool little shops . LOVE the atmosphere, it's a open air restaurant with a stage , volley ball net and kids playground on the sand where you can eat and enjoy the scenery oh and the beach is right there to duh. We ordered some Piña Coladas , Cornonas and the famous Diesel Fuel ( it's good cause you can't taste all the shots inside ). Appetizers were amazing we had fried pickles and a dozen raw oysters which had to be served to us in record time but they were fresh and not stale. You must stop in and give this place a try . It will be worth it. Oh and waiters are very friendly as well.
Planning on eating here?  NO! -- just ask the locals.  They will tell you not to.  (I learned this after I ate here) Planning on drinking here?  YES!  The Pina Coladas are excellent, as is the Dreamcicle.  And, you get a Flounder's glass to take home with you. I had a Caesar salad that was terrible, and later made me very ill.  :( My husband had the chowder, which was ok, but nothing too great.   We split a "slice" of Key Lime Pie, which is three hunks of pie on top of each other covered in whipped cream.  It did not taste good.  We really expected more from Florida Key Lime Pie.  It had cinnamon in the crust, not good. The atmosphere was nice and tourist-y, which was fun to look at while waiting for our food.  The prices were decent, but the food -- not good at all.
Our favorite family friendly place at the beach! We go here for the outside dining which is great for large groups with children. There is an indoor area also.You get a ton of food so my husband and I usually share, the service is always top notch and we have never had to ask for refills on our drinks. The live music can be a little loud and our most recent visit there were smokers near by but after visiting almost every restaurant at Pensacola Beach this is by far the winner! The gift shop next door is nice also!
I love this place! Great drinks, fantastic atmosphere right by the beach, pretty good food, and a little volleyball area on the sand and easy access to the docks while you wait for a table. Not always the best service but it is worth it. Great place to go!
We've come here, often more than once, on every trip to Pensacola. We've never had a bad meal here. Sure, it is touristy. But we're tourists, so that suits is fine. You can get very pricey meals here, like some of the seafood platters. My favorite, however, are the burgers. The seafood topped burger is delicious and enough food to stuff anyone. There is typically a band playing, often badly. But it sets the ambiance about right. And there's a playground and sandlot for the kids to play in while the grownups are swilling Diesel Fuel. The wait staff seems genuinely happy to serve you and seem to be having a good time. I'm sure we'll be back.
I confess that we have eaten here in the past, but to be honest it has been so long ago that I really can't remember when. We gave this place a try, because my sister in law wanted to give it a try as some of her friends  had recommended it to her. The service was pretty good, the place is certainly a lot more open than I remembered, and the important part, the food was pretty good. I got the seafood nachos, and wound up sharing them with everyone, since it was so big. Everyone was happy with there selections and all thought that it was pretty good. I actually don't remember the food being this good years ago. Maybe we hit it at a good time, or they have gotten better. Either way, I think that I will give them another try in the future.
Surprisingly delicious. I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised by what a great little spot we found just across from our hotel! I had the blackened grouper with new potatoes and my boyfriend had the blackened po' boy.....both were soooo good. Even my daughters chicken tenders with fries were really good and I don't like fried food! The bread and butter was awesome as well. We did have to wait about 30 minutes bf being sat, but it was worth it. So much so that we went back for lunch the next day. However, be warned, there is not a separate lunch menu.
Friendly staff, and great food! They offer inside dining or outside. We ate outside near the bar and sand. So first came out the complimentary bread bisquits which were sooo good, they were warm and buttery. We ordered a dozen raw oysters which were really fresh and delicious. I also ordered a tropical diesel fuel. YOU have to order a diesel fuel when your here, it's what they are known for. If you don't drink liquor then booooo eat the chowder then.
This was by far my favorite restaurant that we ate at while in Pensacola Beach this summer. It is FABULOUS!! The atmosphere is super touristy with all outdoor seating, it is under a patio, so the heat was not an issue at all. Our service was wonderful and the server had great recommendations on what to try on the menu. They have a different drink deal every night, the night we went you could get these HUGE long island iced tea like drinks for $4!! They were super strong, so I wouldn't recommend drinking more than one if you would like to remember the dinner, I got my with tropical juice in it and you couldn't even taste the alcohol. For an appetizer the table shared an order of the seafood nachos. There were six of us at dinner and plenty of nachos to go around, they were huge and very tasty.  My favorite part about dinner was the entrees, my husband and I both got the fresh fish and we shared with each other. He got the trigger fish and I got the grouper, it is over mashed potatoes with grilled asparagus. You get to choose how the fish is prepared and which (if any) sauce you would like on top of it. Both of these dishes were INSANE, probably the best fish I have ever had. My friend tried the yellow fin tuna which was also to die for. My family and I are going to Gulf Shores next summer and I will probably make the trip to Pensacola just to eat this meal again......AMAZING!!
I enjoyed the friendly and casual atmosphere.  Play area for the kids is genius.  My son was able to run off he last of the days energy while we enjoyed appetizers and drinks and waited for the main course to arrive.  The calamari appetizer was incredible, and I ate way too much before my main meal.  For dinner, I had the Parmesan crusted oysters on the half shell.  They were tasty but I ended up scraping off most of the topping.  Partly so I could taste the meal, and partly because I was already getting full.  In full tourist mode I've tried a bushwhacker at every restaurant and I have to say it was my favorite one so far.  As with every other menu item it came in a generous portion.   Overall a great experience, best food and atmosphere that I've experienced on the gulf island strip.
Overrated!!! Flounder's Chowder House offers a fun environment and great views of the water, but the food is below average.  Most of the seafood dishes are bland, breaded, or a greasy fried mess. The burgers and salads are so-so.  I appreciate the large portions, but I wish the food tasted better.  Love the cutesy cocktails served in mason jars and love the atmosphere, but every time I get the bill my only thought is "so not worth it". TIP: Parking is a total pain.  Be prepared to park across the street in the public beach parking lot.
I'm currently on vacation here in Pensacola and after a long day at the beach we needed to debrief so we went to this restaurant. I personally don't like fish so I ordered a chicken sandwich and it was delicious. My aunt & uncle ordered fish tacos and loved them. The fried calamari was excellent. Kids Mac & cheese was good too !! Another thing I tried was the key lime pie, which I'm usually against, but it was really good and a HUGE slice ! Overall, a nice restaurant.
Ewww, ewww and eeewwww, nasty 3rd rate food. I don' t even think my dog would eat this nasty food. Service was just bad and everything took forever.  The  so called manager was rude, as we're leaving she's being very disrespectful to a Young service member and his wife. NEVER AGAIN.
This place is located right in front of Pensacola Beach, which makes it a convenient location to go after a long day of sun tanning for those that wanna enjoy some oysters :)!! -OH, and I know that a lot of people probably know this but just in case you don't, they're opened by the same people that opened the famous McGuire's! Okay, so I came here on a weekday evening with a group totaling 4. There were a lot of open tables at that time, so we got seated right away. Our waiter was very, very funny and kind to our request. I had the oysters for appetizers and I would say you get a fair amount of oysters like.. 12? They seem very fresh and have a huge oyster-sealike scent to it. For my main course I had the alfredo pasta which looked soooo delicious!! It was a huge portion, I couldn't even finish it LOL! & I also tried their filet mignon, a little small.. but very very good! Oh, and their diesel duel here is great, the blue one at least.
Sad excuse for seafood.  Nope, never again.  Typical tourist trap. Good for brew & party time.
They have to have the best customer service I've ever experienced. Jake, our waiter was great! The manager was great. The food was great. The seafood nachos can feed 2-3 people. Atmosphere great. They have a playground for the children. What more can I say? Lol oh and try the key lime pie at least once! It is the biggest piece of pie you will ever have. My daughter loves it! This is how a restaurant experience should be!
Good food and friendly staff! This was the first place we ate on our honeymoon and we loved it so much we invited my in-laws who live here. The key lime pie was huge enough we all shared it and it was delicious! 1 year later: We are back again. I ordered the seafood nachos and my husband ordered the firecracker shrimp. Service was quick and friendly. The seafood nachos were so good!  I would highly recommend eating here!
Food and service was good. Only negatives would be portions were a little bit to big and  the noise level was way to much inside. Would probably enjoyed it more if the side doors were open or if we sat outside.
Over the years, Flounders has been a mainstay of Beach dining on Pensacola Beach. Post-Hurricane Ivan, when most were without water and power, Flounder's remained open and served folks for free, or for a donation. Evenings and weekends are highlighted by live music and during holidays a raucous crowd. There's outdoor fun for kids and even beach volleyball. The mostly fried food is average but the grilled or blackened fish entrees or sandwiches are really great. Their key lime pie feeds a small army as do many of the desserts. We frequent this spot as the folks have always been fun and courteous, even in the roughest of times on the island. Expect to be ultra-casual as this is truly "beach dining" the old way!
I've been to Flounder's a few times but, until today, hadn't had a chance to sit down and review it. The Diesel Fuels are good. The bottomless mimosas for brunch are really bad (really nasty champagne that will definitely give you a headache). I haven't had much of the food, but I did try a house salad, the Firecracker Shrimp, and the Chocolate Confusion cake. I'm really not a fan of the sauce on the Firecracker Shrimp. I think it would be better if they were sauced MUCH more lightly. The Chocolate Confusion cake was pretty good, though. When I return to Pensacola Beach, I'll probably be back to Flounder's for more Diesel Fuels and more of the night life experience. I probably won't be ordering much of the food, though.
Food was good, huge servings may count for lower quality for food. I had the calamari appetizer, and clam chowder. Calamari were small, over seasoned and lots of breadding. The soup was good though. Friend had the key lime pie and it was massive, fun dessert. The seafood nachoes  were great!
Flounder's is fun, if a bit touristy. The food is great. We loved the PB Oysters. I ordered the trigger fish blackened and it was yummy. My daughter ordered the shrimp boat (the entree that has shrimp every way it can be prepared) and loved it.  My husband ordered the stuffed flounder and said it was amazing. I tasted the stuffing and have to say it was pretty great. The atmosphere is good as well. It'd be a good place for larger parties too.
Third time visiting Pensacola and never been to Flounders but had great food and the service was absolutely outstanding. Our server April was our Asian persuasion for the evening and just what we needed to end an amazing vacation! She mad our experience even even though food took a little long. We had expected it to be busy because of the holiday weekend.
Oh WoW... Margaritas and Chowder are Fantastic !!  Shrimp Platter made it to our table and was a plentiful bounty.  Our table on the outside deck by the beach during sunset ... Stunning !! Ask for Keith as your waiter.. Very friendly and helpful.   Chek tis plce oute... ( I could spell before the margaritas... Haha !! )
Love the chowder   Love the freshness of the oysters. Sweet and succulent I enjoyed the bowlers dozen. For dessert don't forget they have an awesome 3 layer key like pie!  When we went they had s full house.  Nice place awesome food !
Flounder's offers a decent view of the water with a sand volleyball court in its backyard. However, the food is only decent. We can during early dinner at non-rush hour and ordered the Gulf Grouper Citrus Buerre Blanc and the Flounder's Stuffed Founder. The portions were good, but both of the fish were a bit on the dry side, especially so with the grouper. The grouper lacked the "zangy" reshness that you would expect from the "citrus" name. If you are looking for touristy spot to eat, Flounder's would do, but it's nothing special.
It was a bit too loud for my taste, but the food was great! Nice that there is a playground for the kids to play in.
Fish of the day was red snapper and it was wonderful! Selected citrus beurre blanc which was good but next time will get it on the side because it almost overwhelmed the fish. Calamari app delicious but look out it's a huuuuge portion. Easily enough to feed four as an app. Hus had the mahi blackened and he enjoyed it as well. Service was excellent and love the venue. It was a beautiful out and a great day to sit beachside. Imagine this place gets crazy during the season but we will definitely be back.
Went for lunch before we went to the beach to try something new. Not a good experience at all. First of all the attendance of the server was horribly lacking as we had to ask several times during our visit for them and it would still take a long time to get them there. We ordered our food and some cocktails which were ok, the food came out and at the servers recommendation I had ordered their shrimp boat platter and to my surprise I bit into the fried shrimp and they had not peeled the shells off before frying them! I was completely disgusted and looked for my server and after a while of waiting asked another if he could find them, about 15 minutes later he showed up and I told him what had happened, to which he only replied, 'I'm sorry that sucks, well are you ready for your check then?'. I was floored. I asked if I could speak to someone else and no one came by. He brought our ticket which had a comment card, so I paid and left completely dissatisfied. I sent in the comment card and surprise still haven't gotten a response. I would give this place a lower score, but the atmosphere was nice, drinks were good and if it hadn't of been for the shell on shrimp the food would have been fine. But the service leaves much to be desired and there are way too many other great restaurants with better food and service in the area.
Great atmosphere , food is awesome also. I had a drink call Diesel fuel and it was light out  The live band was cool too
Great little place on the beach. Awesome outdoor seating great for all ages, overlooking the water with beach volleyball and all. Started with the chowder (yummo) and then moved into the most important part, the diesel fuel. Key lime pie is outrageous both in size and flavor. Total must!
This place was hoppin when we went the day before St Patricks Day! There are SO many tables that on such a busy drinking day during spring break, we only had a 25 minute wait. Of course the diesel fuel drink was fantastic. There are volleyball courts and live bands here. While we were there we had a perfect view of St Patricks Day fireworks and the Ferris wheel. One note on the food. I added a photo of the baja fish tacos which are an appetizer... Thankfully I ordered them as an entree because they were HUGE. These are not an appetizer size, even if you just had one taco (it comes with 3). But still delicious! This place is a nice combo of restaurant and bar. We will return!
Talk about fun in the sun. This place served up some good food combined with a fun atmosphere. I ordered fish and it was delicious. The fries were excellent; nice and crunchy, and the drinks were cool and refreshing. I had one of their drinks in a jar (can't remember the name of it) which is promoted as one of their signature specialties and I killed it. Everyone with me enjoyed their meals, and best of all, we paid and walked right onto the beach to relax and have some more fun.
The food was ok.  I had the Fish n Chips.  The description is "White Fish" so I guess it differs day by day what fish they use?  The breading was to my liking.  I normally light minimal breading but still full coverage.  The special thing is their drinks.  Service was good.  I want to put 3.5 stars because of the mediocre food for the price. Food - mediocre Price - for the food, just a bit more than I would want to pay Atmosphere - fun, volleyball in the back, just don't get hit by a ball Service - average
This is my 2nd time down to PCola for a family trip to visit extended family.  While I've been to Flounder's before, this was the first time to sit back and enjoy the food and it didn't hurt that there is a playground on the beach for the kids.  Mike waited on us and was quick to tell us the drink specials which were too good to pass up.  I ordered the Buffalo wings as an entree (since I don't like seafood) and they didn't disappoint, my wife ordered the fish tacos, and my daughter ordered the fish and chips.  Since I'm trying to expand my taste buds I took a taste of each of their meals and shockingly I liked both. Although Mike did a great job servicing us, we were a bit distracted with the shocking news on the Boston Marathon and spent most of our time making sure our friends and family were safe.     In light of the events, there was a heightened sense to make sure to enjoy the time with friends and family so my wife and I took our girls to QuietWater beach on Wednesday.  Immediately, the girls wanted to have lunch once they saw the sign for Flounder's.  This time I ordered the fish tacos for myself and they were awesome!!!  Jewels was an outstanding waiter (not to take away from Mike, but we were a little disengaged).  the portions were amazing and the family left stuffed. I would easily recommend Flounder's during the day for families.  The food was good, I love the fact they have a playground for kids, volleyball courts, and you are literally steps away from the sand.  I can only imagine what it would be like for adults looking for a fun night when they offer $2.50 Margarita and $2.00 Bushwhackers (frozen mudslides for anyone from the Northeast).  Maybe next time....
Consistently great local seafood and enormous portions. I forget how big their meals are when I come for dinner. My preference is to come for lunch. The calamari was the largest portion I have  ever been served anywhere. Normally my family of four is fighting over the calamari, but there were a few pieces left over at Flounders. The oyster po boy is delicious and it's about half a  loaf of french bread. I eat half of it as a sandwich and just eat the oysters off the  second half because it's more than I can eat. Classic beachy atmosphere and this is the most central iconic restaurant on Pensacola Beach.
So it was our last night in Pensacola Beach, and we decided what better way to celebrate the end of Spring Break and constructing this awesome house, then eating seafood and watching the sun set over the gulf? Enter Flounder's. Since there were 17 of us the waitress seated us on the open air patio right next to the sand volleyball courts at two separate tables. We all just laughed because she chose the two tables that were the furthest away from customers thinking that we would be those 'rowdy college kids' but we totally weren't. Still funny even today. My friend ordered the Flounder Shrimp & Spinach Dip:Fresh Spinach, Gulf Shrimp and Flounder in a Creamy Cajun Cheese Sauce with Chips as an appetizer and shared it with the table. It was good. And filling. I ordered the Coconut Shrimp. Holy food batman. This bad boy came with With Island Piña Colada Sauce and Cole Slaw, Hushpuppies and Flash Fried Potatoes. Another person at the table ordered the Floyd Flounder's Flawless Full Flavored Florida Flash Fried Fish. You try saying that 5 times fast and get back to me. Oh but wait! That is not all! Bring on the dessert! Our table ordered all three of them. The Key Lime Pie, Chocolate Confusion: Chocolate Cake topped with Fudge Frosting,Chocolate Chips and Hot Fudge & Creamy Peanut Butter Pie: Homemade with Skippy Peanut Butter, Oreo Cookie Crust and drizzled with Hershey's Chocolate Syrup. The slices are huge and they are so good! Needless to say, they rolled us out at the end of the night. Great place to hang out with friends, pop back a few cold ones, and listen to the live band. Make sure you bring your appetite because the portions are huge!
Easy to find parking, friendly staff, nice environment, good food. Everything was on point. For sure will go back if I am back in pensacola beach.
My first trip out to Pensacola Beach and some friends took me out to Flounders. This place was great! We started off with their signature drink "Diesel Fuel". I am NOT a fan of sugary drinks but wow, this was good. After a couple of these my wallet was complaining but my brain was perfectly happy. The restaurant is right on the beach, semi open-air and a nice atmosphere. I had the fresh red snapper which was great! Perfectly cooked and not over-seasoned. Had a great time and would go back again without a doubt!
As I've gone to Flounders over the years during my Pensacola Beach visits, one could say I have a relationship to the place not unlike an old friend. A friend and I went for lunch, and got a great table.  Fresh, tasty seafood, beautiful scenery of the water and a mini beach, one of the old Pensacola Fish Signs on the stage (I remember this sign from my childhood, so it's a very fond nostalgia blast for me)....  It's a great place to visit, kick back, have a drink and some fantastic seafood.  The service was good, and the portions big enough to warrant take home, er, take back to hotel.  The seafood appetizer dip is magic.  Magic, I say!  I had a burger topped with seafood, and again, pure culinary sorcery. My only fault with the place is that as one sits out in the more outside area, they allow smoking in this dining area, which is an appetite drainer for me. Bear in mind that I don't live in Florida, so I don't know if that's the "norm" over there.  Where I live, smoking is a big "no" in any dining area, so being used to that, and watching some woman at the table next to me blow a huge cloud of smoke all over her cheeseburger is a bit unappetizing, and kind of killed the mood a little.  But again, different regions, different rules, I guess. Gripe aside, it's not enough to kill my want to go back, and I still need to see what the place is like at night which, from what I understand, is pretty jumpin'.  I've yet to try this "Diesel Fuel" drink.  I would have, if I hadn't wanted to be able to walk for the rest of the day. Next time, however....
Since moving down to Pensacola for the navy , I've been extremely excited about getting to have fresh seafood. Honestly this is the only place down here that has fulfilled my need for  good seafood. Their calamari is fantastic and is almost a meal in its self. The key lime pie about gave me a heart attack, with the fact that it's about a foot tall and delicious. The thing that really sets this place apart from the other places I've been to down here is the prices, yes that's right I said the prices. This is the only place on the beach that won't stick it to you on the bill for sub par food. They are seem to always have live music and a great atmosphere. I do love that you can choose to sit inside with the AC flowing (if you're dying from the heat), or you can sit right out on the beach with the beautiful view adding to the tasty food. I do wish that they had a better beer selection, but for a place on the beach, what're ya gonna do. Overall this place is a great place to grab some lunch or dinner on a long hot day at the beach.
A quick jaunt to Pensacola to meet up with some friends from Illinois came with some great gastronomic surprises.... The first: Flounder's Chowder House. After seeing the plane carried advertisements all day we had to go. It was dinnertime when we arrived but food was far from our minds as we were naturally guided to the outside bar where the famed Diesel Fuel (double long island) drinks are created. My girlfriend and I each had the tropical Diesel Fuel, per the friendly bartender's recommendation as a 'popular girl drink'. Normally I prefer beer, but when in Rome... The patio overlooked beach volleyball games in full force. What started out as a quiet evening slowly began to escalate in activity as fervent spring breakers descended upon the area. The people-watching was first-rate, not to mention entertaining as we enjoyed our mason jars of goodness to the last drop. Eventually we moved to the dining area of the patio. Our server was kind, but seemed a bit skittish. I had blackened mahi-mahi and mashed potatoes; both were superb. I nibbled some of my husband's fish sandwich and fries which were also great. "Too full" was the only complaint I heard all night. The lull of the ocean waves and scent of salty air undeniably enhanced our contentment.   A few hours later we returned to check out the live band & have a few more drinks on el patio. The bartenders were all great, despite wearing Jimmy Buffet shirts and being very busy.  The band was decent and the crowd had grown to include many seer sucker suits, wedding parties and more spring breakers.  In our book, Flounder's provided all that was required for a good night's fun.   **Note: Flounder's is good for kids during the day, but I would keep them away at night (eg. we left right before a wet t-shirt contest was about to begin).
Came here for lunch today. It was odd when we were seated because the only choice we had was to sit outside since there were no servers staffed for inside. Mind you, it hit 101 today so it was very warm despite the fans everywhere. Anyhoo, there were no lunch menus (okaaay...), so I ordered a fried shrimp po-boy that came with fries ($10). The sandwich came on a really good french bread with lettuce, tomato, pickles and onions. It was a large sandwich, too. I also had a hankering for clam chowder and with a purchase you can get about half a cup for $0.18. Yes, $0.18. If you get it by itself, it is $6 and I'm sure it bowl-size. The chowder was pretty good. I also got a pina colada for approx $7. It was good although when I found out that they had 8 oz Bushwackers for $2, I wished I had that! I am a sucker for drink specials. Oops, I mean a "bargain." The service was a little subpar. We rarely saw her and it took forever to get our bill. When she did take our cards, it took a while for her to come back. For people with kids, there is a playground just outside. It was fun for a little bit, but with no canopy overhead, the slides could not be used as they were scalding. Overall, this place was okay. Some parts so-so and some good.
Average. Pensacola beach is definitely a sea and sand destination, but when it comes to good eating there is hardly any place to be found. Flounders is a cool location, a mix of bar, family restaurant and seafood shack. But food is just like most other places around: average.
So after reading the reviews we decided to go here to flounders.  I had the Snapper at $23.00 and my wife had the Grilled Shrimp.  For what you get for $23.00 it really was not worth it as they don't even give you a veggie.   Now in regards to a tourist trap it is but all of Gulf Breeze and Pensacola Beach is.   The food Does have unbelievable flavor and the Diesel Fuel Tropical is yummy also. Noticed they did need new tables though... it was clean but kinda tacky(sticky).
This place is beachy perfection. Good food, stiff drinks, chowder that you'll dream about for days... Plus the cutest little gift shop next door.
My fellow Yelpers in Pensacola apparently are very generous with there stars when it comes to Flounders. It has everything that  makes a great restaurant. 1. Needs a facelift, and soon. 2. Boring menu 3. Other then oysters, serve fresh food Yes, the service was good and everything came out on time, there was no originality. Flounders should utilize fresh farm goods and products indigenous to the area. The owner of Flounders also owns Crabs, the food at Crabs is better only because of the view. There are better places to go, but if someone has a gun to your head and makes you go there, it's just alright. Don't expect great ambiance or eclectic food. I hate to sound bitter but there is so much more this restaurant could be, instead of. Fancy Red Lobster!
This is a bit of a touristy place to go but we had such a great time.  After playing in the waters at Pensacola Beach, we decided to grab dinner nearby. A storm was brewing and we were lucky to be inside. What I love about this place is that even with the storm looming, the atmosphere was fun and lively.   They have live bands, volleyball courts, kids playground with slides, and a bar right on the beach.   I had a drink, the Bushwhacker, and it was so good. Seafood Nacho: loaded with cheese, lettuce, jalapeno, shrimp, and fish was huge and good.  It is massive.  Be prepare to share since you can't finish it. I recommend it. $0.18 clam chowders!!  You normally get it with each entree but our waiter was so nice enough to get one for all 5 of us!  It was good. It had a lot of clam meat. The other dishes were pretty good.  The waiter was so  nice and accommodating.  When the storm finally hit, he brought us inside and closed the gates himself.  Service was excellent!
Great place to have lunch and for the price they charge and the portion size they serve you....oh man!!!!!!  Well worth it but you wont fit into your bikini afterwards if you dont watch it. I ordered a Chicken ceasar salad which was skimpy on the chicken but huge on the greens.  It was a very tasty salad though. My partner had a Bacon Cheese burger with fries.  Portions are huge here and the cups for drinks are pretty huge too. There's a parking lot but it's small, handicap-accessible.  Family friendly in the daytime.  There is a dining area in the back and front with a bar seperating the two.  To the side there's outside dining booths.  I might add that the booths are pretty big and wide for those huge families on holiday in the area to fit in.  It's not far from the beach since the fishing pier and public beach is right across from the restaurant. The service was ok, our waittress seemed a little harried as it looked like she was running from one table to another with huge trays of food balancing on her one shoulder.  Just make sure if you need something --ask nicely.  Just because someone is waiting on you doesnt mean you have the right to treat them like crap.  On the other hand I have had bad servers who came at the customer with an attitude so that really needs attention from management. Case and credit card is welcome.
My first time here was great!  Our server, Tasha, was FANTASTIC!  I love that the oysters come in a bakers dozen - and they are fresh and delicious!  Their clam chowder, which is apparently what they are known for, lives up to its reputation.  It was amazing - New England style.  The only reason it got 4 instead of 5 stars is because I would have liked to see a reasonably price piece of grilled fish for lunch.  I don't each a lot of fried stuff or sandwiches, so I opted for a house salad.  It was fantastic, just would have enjoyed a small piece of grilled gulf fish.  The atmosphere is super fun and we sat on their enormous deck on a beautiful fall day.  Overall, a great experience and we'll be back!
I think this is another 3.5er.  It was pretty good but not fantastic. Came here on a Tuesday night seeking fish tacos.  We started with the rock shrimp appetizer which was very good.  It was served with the typical spicy sauce and over lettuce. The fish tacos here were served in a very odd manor.  The entire plate was covered in vegetation.  Sure I want some crunch with my fish tacos but this looked like a salad.  Only after digging through the mound of lettuce was I able to find the tortillas underneath.  The underlying tacos were tasty and I think the fish was fried.  No discernible sauce to speak of. I had a lager with my meal and then we stayed to play pool after.  The table is very crooked. The redeeming factor is that this place is mostly outdoor and the large covered seating area allows you to eat outside when it's raining.  Other than that, the food was passable but not mind-blowing.
Character and even more Character!   My date had ordered a lot of food... Just kidding Marie.  But we did order a lot to get a good sample of some.  Even the waiter that brought the food out, thought it was a mistake.  We got enough food to take care of Marie plus 3 guys.   I am busting on Marie, she is a cross fit trainer, and very fit and full of force and healthy.   We just wanted to have a sample of things.  I have my glass and the experience of this great place.
Are you from a part of the world that is extremely frugal and/or does not have access to fresh seafood?... 4 Stars... Are you from a part of the world that has disposable income and/or has access to fresh seafood?... 2 Stars... After a day of traipsing through old Spanish forts the deck is a nice place to put your feet up and they offer some not untasty bits of brew... get there during sunset if you want dinner and a show... Try their Bar-B-Que chicken sandwich...
If you're from out of the area and want some decent seafood on the back regardless of price $-$$ then stop by Flounders Chowder House. They have many scheduled nights for I've entertainment and have  a large enough venue for the party animals during the summer. This is a large tourist spot and is owned by the same people that run Crabs and MeGuiars. I took a seat in the extremely vacant back deck with my uncle and was greeted by our high speed low personality waiter ready to take our order and move on to the other patrons (well, it was really just us). He seemed in a hurry for no particular reason but through the night was on-point with drink refills. Check out my pictures for the food drool session. We started with the flash fried calamari ($7.99) that is served with Marinara Sauce and sprinkled lightly with Parmesan Cheese. The lightly breaded squid wasn't outstanding by itself but with a little lemon squeeze and the delicious sauce the appitizer just lights up your tastebuds. After destroying the calamari plate, the large classic Caesar salad ($8.99) was next. The romaine lettuce, seasoned croutons, shredded parmesan cheese and dressing added some kick to a classic but it was missing something. Ah yes, tomatoes. The waiter brought some baby tomatoes our way free of charge to liven up the salad. Once the salad was demolished I moved onto the seafood topped burger ($9.99) that comes with a mixture of shrimp, crab, and white fish covered in a mound of swiss cheese. This burger was loaded with taste but all of the toppings were just clumped under the cheese with takes the appeal away from the menu description which made it sound a gigantic overload of seafood over beef. Love the fries, so tasty and crispy. Flash fried? I left wanting more, but full from the food. I'll be back like Arnold. If anything, perhaps a little more bang for your $$$.
When looking at this place I immediately got the feeling of a chiche resturaunt. I love those! The only thing that made me think twice was my husband had been told that they did not have very good food. Despite what we had heard we decided that this was where we were going to eat for the day. I loved this place! When you walk up there really is not door or inside it pretty much is all open with an area that has a ceiling but again almost all open. There is a boat hull on the left and a little bit further up there is a really cool gift shop. When we got to the hostesses stand we asked to be set in the "outside" section. It was beautiful. You can see out to the water and if you want you can even venture down to it. The waiter showed up pretty quickly and got out drink order and appetizer. We both ordered a beer of of them being the local McGuires brew. This one is a red ale and has a little bit of hop to it. We also ordered the calamari. We were shocked when it came out. This could have been a meal it was so big. The first bite was amazing and everyother one after. There was a perfect seasoning. For our meal we ordered the po'boys. Again they were amazing. They did not come with any sauce on them but I added my lemon and that did the trick. We had been contemplating get the key lime pie for dessert, but one look at the size and we both realized that there was no way that we were going to be able to eat it and it probably wouldn't keep until we got home. It was at least a good 6 inches tall if not bigger. Lets just say that this place was so impressive and good that we made the effort to come back the next day. It was just as good as the first time and best part, the price is comprable to the food. =)
I used to really love this place when I was younger. My parents could eat and I could go play on the playground equipment or in the sand by the water. Recently, I have discovered a few things that have happened EVERY time I have been there in the last year and they are: 1) SLOW service 2) Bland, warm (as in not hot) food 3) Extremely loud bands outside to where you can't hear yourself or your friends. 4) Overpriced food The good things about this place are truly from a night/party perspective. Go there and get yourself some diesel fuels, some appetizers, and party down or play some volleyball. It really isn't a sit down place in my opinion. Definitely unique though.
Amazing Fresh Fish!! I came her during Memorial Weekend starving after running around all day. The place was packed, of course, and I felt like a sardine in a tin can. I do not enjoy waiting for a table and the wait was 45 minutes which is not bad for a Memorial holiday weekend. I asked to sit at the bar. The place was smoke-free, as are most places in Pensacola. The bartender was friendly and recommended the day's special. The bartender informed me they had just caught 200 lbs of red snapper. The special was blackened red snapper over a bed of Yukon Gold smashed potatoes with a side of asparagus. He said the "fish so so fresh it was still in school!". Boy am I glad I followed his advice. The food was unbelievable!! My friend ordered the shrimp plate, which of course, had all sorts of shrimp: shrimp on a skewer, popcorn shrimp, coconut shrimp, etc. The shrimp on the skewer and coconut shrimp were tasty, but really, fried shrimp is fried shrimp. How can anyone mess up fried foods. And, I of course, do not eat fried foods. The atmosphere is beachy, or touristy, if you like that kind of thing. Some people may even call this place a tourist trap. The restaurant has a gift shop. I would try this place if I were you, especially if you don't mind eating extremely fresh fish! I do not ever remember eating fish that was this fresh. The fillets crumpled and melted in my mouth.
Like all visitors you have to try it once. I found out that the owner of McGuires owns Flounders and Crabs as well. They seem to be packed all the time. Coming in on St Patricks weekend at night Im sure didnt help. The key is to tell them you will take the first available seat. We ended up out side on the sand on a picnic table - wasnt bad. The service was pretty good and quick We did cold beer boiled shrimp that was very good. She did the chowder and found it filling and hot and good. She had the blackened Mahi and I went for a ribeye (I was fished out). Everything was served fast, even with the place packed. We got there at 8pm and by 10 the place was packed and they were getting ready to have a band play. If you are taking a family, its best to clear out before the band plays, it starts to get a little risque and crazy. They have a great sand area for volleyball and a play place for kids. So if you want the kids covered like a sugar cookie at dinner and riding back in your car to the hotel like that - go for it. Would we come back: We have done it once. Probably wont.
Service was terrible.  4 adults and 3 children.  2 pizzas for the kids were delivered 20 minutes after adult orders.  I are the signature stuffed flounder with crab.  Spent 1/2 my time picking shell out of crab stuffing.
Friendly service, but the food was poor. Overly salty seafood and flat beer are best left for drunk tourists.
Short breakdown: Depressing atmosphere Sad waitress Very dirty (they have bookshelves filled with old random books. Pulled a book out and it had about 1/2" of dust on it and was covered in bugs) 2 tables left before ordering while we were there Took 10 min for waitress to come to table for the first time Another 15 after that to get our drinks My burger was a frozen party that was way overcooked and tasted like it had been sitting for a while Girlfriends salad had so much dressing on it she couldn't eat it Every local in town will tell you not to go there.
Our family friends brought my parents (who were tourists from Japan) here for an early dinner. Flounders DID NOT DISAPPOINT! We were a party of 12, so there were lots of us, and lots of food I can review, but here are the ones that really stuck out.   The seafood nachos are ENORMOUS and even though they are an appetizer, you could easily have that as a meal on your own. The diesel fuel: It is sweet, and tastes nothing like alcohol, before you know it you're ready to have your second one but you're buzzin! It was yummy and I'd go back just for that! THE KEY LIME PIE WAS DIVINE AND TO DIE FOR.  Its also, huge. 3 layers of key lime heaven! I'm really not one for key lime, its not usually my cup of tea but Flounders has made me a believer! I'm so sad that we only went once, and that I never got to go back...I still crave that pie to this day.
Great place. Love the food and drinks. Plenty of room for the kids to play. Very laid back atmosphere. Much less crowd at lunch.
I've been here a few times and I love it. Great location and ambiance and the mahi mahi was better than what I had in Hawaii. Always great service and so yummy. Boyfriend is super picky but even he loves it here.
This place is definitely part of the tourist trap of Pensacola.  If you are looking for a place to eat later at night, though, this may be one of the few options.   The food is straightforward, you can't go wrong with a shrimp poboy just about anywhere in the south.  The food is just okay, but if you are a scene-y person, this is a great area to go for music, late night volleyball matches, a kid's playground outside, etc. Wait-staff was horrible.  It wasn't that busy, but I had to grab my own pitcher of iced tea from the wait-station and serve myself.
I absolutely love any fried seafood. This was my first time in Pensacola Beach and my first time here. There was so much good stuff on the menu that I didn't know exactly what to try, but then.............Fred Flounder's Flash Fried Favorites. Gotta have that. Tremendous flavor and a pile of food that I could not handle. I must compliment these guys on the fried oysters. Y'know how everyone always put fried oysters on any fried seafood platter? Sometimes they turn out to be pretty tasteless and almost chicken liver-like. GROSS. Not this place. These were obviously in the water that morning. I have never had better fried oysters. Also ordered  was an amazing tuna steak that was perfectly grilled medium and season just right. It actually ate like a steak and began to melt in your mouth. Wow. Great smashed potatoes and such, too. Startin' up our meal was the Flounder Chowder. It has lots of seafood in it and is served clam chowder style. Great way to start the meal. I am nuts over clam chowder and this was a really nice twist. It's a huge place with a lot of seating and we got a table quick for a Friday night. Service was superb by the lovely Jocelyn. Great job, guys. Very highly recommended.
Pretty good seafood house in Pensacola beach.  Sure. It's a little tchotchke and touristy, but the food is actually very good.  Fresh seafood, enormous portions, and a plethora of non seafood items for the non seafood eaters makes sure this is a hit.  Hush puppies are awesome as well as key lime pie.  Service was very good and reasonably quick and attentive.  It's usually very busy so be prepared to wait a little bit.  Also parking can be a little tight as well, but its a good seafood option for the masses in Pensacola.
Came here on our second day out.  This place is booming with wall to wall to ceiling decor.  Very busy place, as in the way it looks that is.  Well, i guess also, since it was a Weds, it was busy as well. Service here was also very attentive to our party of 12. I ate the fresh mahi, in a wine sauce with mashed potaters.  Food was good, wouldnt knock it. Good overall place.
My husband and I were at Flounders for dinner last night. We split the fried favorites platter. Everything was seasoned just right. The platter would have been way too much food for either of us to have handled on our own, but perfect for sharing. They have a nightly drink special Monday - Thursday. We were there on Thursday and the special was Diesel Fuel, which is their specialty served in a 32 oz take home jar, for $5.
My best friend took me here when I visited her in Pensacola where she is based for the Navy.  So I guess it's a tourist trap? No matter!  I had a ton of fun.  The Diesel Fuel was awesome and got me tipsy quick.  I love how every alcoholic drink I've had in Pensacola came in a mason jar.  Is that a thing here?  In Florida?  I don't get it but it's funny, resourceful (if they're re-using them), and quirky. I don't remember everything we ordered, but the order of nachos we got was huge and yummy.  People-watching was definitely entertaining.  I loved that it was next to the beach.  Live music at night!   Who cares if it's kitschy -- I was in the company of my best friend, a few of her fellow seamen (hehehehehe), good drinks, live music, lively crowd, and yummy fried foods. But FYI -- I had a look at all the reviews.  Only 2 out of the 25 reviews (including mine) for this place are from actual Pensacola residents.  Hrmm?
We went when it wasn't crowded so I enjoyed this place.  I thought the food was very tasty and a good value, and we went with the drink special that night ($2.50 martinis) and that was an added value.  Looks like this would be a really fun place when there was more people, but I also don't think I would wait more than 30-45 minutes to eat here.   The chowder was very good, the waitstaff was very nice, all in all enjoyed it.
After hoping from resto to bar looking for non-chain food, we ended up here due to lack of good choices. Turns out the food is great, the service too, even thought they were packed. I wanted a fish with not a lot of sauce, but ended up being so (flounder stuffed with crab), nonetheless, it was pretty good, my BF had the tuna, and it was so good I wish I would had traded my order...ow, let's not  think this is the best seafood or the best tuna, just saying, it was the best for the money and that is all I gotta say!
After reading a couple reviews, I have to agree that parking was scarce here, so just walk and the veggies were not very big here.  The band was cool in the hot hot heat of the sun as we sat under a shaded area table. The servers were moving just as slow as my brain turned in the heat.  If you like onion rings I spotted some very large ones on my cousins plate.  My other cousins ate a pile of nachos as high as they can be with  salad on top. The layout of the place was enormously spacious and just a cool place to catch some music and a drink.  A lot of families were eating around us with babies and other small children which brings a warm atmosphere that caters to fun and parties. The menu is pretty short and sweet to the punch with fish plates, burgers, and drinks.  I still get surprised to see such small portions of food such as french fries and fillets with such large prices.
The Diesel fuel is very delicious and potent at getting you drunk fast! I am a light weight but after only half a glass I was out of it lol.
Great service and great recommendations. I went with a group and staff had no issues separating our tabs :). Staff was attentive and was able to provide recommendations for both drinks and food. I had the Black Jack Steak Sandwhich, which was good for price (should have thought to ask for dipping sauce).  I would definately get it again, and according to friends the seafood was great!  I liked my mixed drink and was not brave enough to try the "diesel"...put friends on their butt-funny to see :).  I was the only one to order dessert- a slice of chocolate cake.  It turned out to be a huge slice and was enough to feed all six of us.  It was awesome! Overall, It was a fun and relaxed environment, was not expensive and food was good.  I would definately come here again.
We ended up here twice over a 4-day weekend.  Once for dinner and again for lunch. The ambience is fantastic.  Very casual and beachy. We started with two Diesel Fuels (appears to be their signature cocktail).  I've forgotten everything that's in it but I can tell you that it was really good!  Well, mine was anyway.  There are two options - regular or punch style.  Regular has more of a Long Island Ice Tea flavor while the punch style one tastes more like....fruit punch.  We ordered one of each and Husband and I agreed my punchy one was definitely the better of the two.   We had the spinach/shrimp dip appertizer both times.  I don't recall wha tmy husband ate either time but I enjoyed the lobster sliders for dinner and the blackened mahi for lunch.  Lunch was the better of the two meals for me.
We went here with 4 kids. It's a super kid friendly place. The food was good. This pic is the Shrimp Boat. I totally recommend this plate. I give this place a 4. Good food & a kid place.
Not bad, but nothing too special. Right on the beach so you can take a swim or take in some sun before or after you eat. The wait staff is super nice and happy pretty much all day long. It's a fun place to be; however the food is just alright. BEWARE: when ordering your steak, it will not come out as you ordered, despite the peg stuck into the top of your steak to indicate the cook. I ordered my steak medium and it came out well done. The baked oysters were nothing special, mostly filled with cheese and not that big of actual oysters. Did not get a chance to try any of their drinks but they sure did look tasty! If your entree comes with a choice of fries or smashed potatoes, PICK THE SMASHED POTATOES! THEY ARE SOOOO YUMMY! Overall, nothing terrible but nothing too special.
My favorite place. Baked oysters amazing,very fresh food and great presentation.  Fish for main course was cooked to perfection.   Finished it off with some diesel fuel.
Fun atmosphere for sure! Outdoor volleyball courts and a playground for kids in the sand. Great drinks and some live music too. Fine for some fun and appetizers, or maybe even desert, but I just don't care for them for dinner.
Food was good and reasonably priced. Bloody mary was perfect :) I ate outside and played sand volleyball with my family while vacationing there. The staff was attentive and the shop attached to the restaurant has cute clothes that are too touristy but still have a FL touch to them :)
I had the classic stuffed flounder, chowder, and calamari. I felt funny getting such a heavy selection with all these beach boss around but hey I'm on vacay! The calamari was very good and not overly oily. It was very crisp and in abundance. The clam chowder was excellent too. The flounder is definitely on the heavy buttery side however I enjoyed it as well. The one thing besides food and the view that I highly enjoyed was the prompt service. Our server was extremely quick, polite, and detailed oriented.  I tried my husband's grouper and it was excellent! The portion sizes are pretty big. I'll be enjoying my to go box later :)
Great food, take a seat inside. Then take the kids outside. Had the shrimp combo plate. Enough for two people for sure. Kids loved the beach and play ground. Make sure to bring quarters for the kids to feed the fish!
The food was not the most spectacular.  The oysters with the bread crumbs were just too much bread... The shrimp boat was not bad though a bit much in food for me.  The drinks well let's just say the Diesel Fuel's were not all that great.  I give the place a 3 for our server, Riki...
Good for families and young adults! The food is delicious, the chowder and fish are best. I've been there multiple times and they always serve a LOT of food. There is a playground and beachfront area for kids to play on while the adults can relax while watching the water. The drinks are good too. The Diesel Fuel drink is delicious but very strong. Once evening hits, they bring out a band and its a great party for adults of all ages.
I guess if you are not from south Louisiana this place is good, but the shrimp were not fresh and the shrimp and oysters were fried in oil that was not hot enough- too soggy.
I should start my review by mentioning that this place holds a very special place in my and my family's hearts. My mom worked here the very first day they opened back in the 70s and I grew up eating here fairly regularly until we moved away with my dad's Navy service. That being said, wow! Our food was absolutely excellent and our drinks were great. I loved sitting outside, even though it was super hot, and enjoying the view. I had the grouper in the bourbon glaze and it was phenomenal. The stuffed flounder my beau ordered was spot on perfect as well. If I had to list one complaint, it would be this: our waiter, for whatever reason, thought it was a wise idea to yell across our large table with music and fans to talk over, rather than walk around the table to take orders from the other side. This lead to some unnecessary repeating on wants and annoyance. Otherwise, great place!
I didn't really like the food. It wasn't the greatest... The waitress was very nice, but super slow because she had way too many tables. I don't think it was worth the price for the food honestly. We were also inside the inclosed "heated" garage which was FREEZING. Partly because it was a windshield of 40 that night. Dont think I will go there again if I'm ever in pcola.
Great portions for the same prices as other island restaurants.  Vacationing and so far this has been the best eatery!!
I am currently in Pensacola Beach for vacation and have  gone there twice this week. Others in my party ordered fish that was listed as the special and said it was incredibly fresh and amazing.  I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak, this was also great.  Our server Jewels was awesome, ask for him if you go. You will not be sorry! He tells you all of his recommendations and when you ask a question he answered honestly.  He was also extremely on top of everything!  Our other server was not where near as good as he was.(however jewels was off that day). Food Overall, jewels gave great services  and excellent food was served! The only reason I did not give them a five star rating is because none of the condiments were refrigerated. This wouldn't have been an issue except I wanted Mayonnaise and I do not know how long it had been sitting out in the heat/sun for.  Did not want to eat something that requires refrigeration and could have spoiled from the heat.
Great food and service. The diesel drink is awesome... turbo is the best..you will have a wait before being seated..this should tell you its a good place to hang and dine..
Don't beat around the bush. Get a drink, order some of the SEAFOOD NACHOS ($15 but built for 3-4 people) and some 10 cent clam chowder and just sit back and chill...Isn't that what you are here for? I order my seafood nachos with everything on the side except for the cheese and seafood, can't go wrong. When they bring the order out "all eyes will be on your table"...Eat um up and see if you even have room to order any more food...You'll be ordering alright, ordering a to-go box!!! Very laid back beach place. Alot of folks have on flip flops, bathing suits, etc as it is on the "island"...Enjoy
Food was ok, service not so good, but I was hungry and it filled the need. place looked a little unkept
Great for families and kids.  Fantastic fried seafood.  Get a diesel fuel!  HUGE sandy play area and volleyball courts for kids.  Two outdoor bars.
Every time we are in Pensacola, Flounders is a must!  Love their 18 cent Chowder, and the Flounder dip is a must have.  Great play area for the kiddos too.
Cool place. We arrived about 5:00 on a Saturday evening and were able to sit at one of the picnic tables out back. Go early as it was a long line when we were leaving. It is a very casual place. We were a family of 4 sitting at the picnic table. These tables were large enough for eight. Some younger patrons sat at he end of our table despite a sign screwed to the table stating that one must see a hostess to sit. That was ok with us . Some others sat at a table behind us who were clearly not seated there but rather just took it over they were a bit rowdy and using some profanities. I don't mind at all but my young daughters were with us. You get the vibe. I tried a diesel fuel and didn't like it. I got the original top shelf. It was $16. I told the waiter that I didn't like it and ordered a marguerita. I wish he would have taken it off the check but i ordered it so I didn't make a big deal. I had flounder chowder, which was good. Not spectacular IMO, but good. I also had blackened grouper, which was fantastic. Nice size piece and coked perfectly. My wife had fish tacos, which she didn't care for and my daughters had selections off the kids menu.
Great touristy place. Looks like it gets real fun late at night! The baked oysters were awesome and the nachos looked incredible.  On Thursday night, Diesel Fuel was half price (one will do ya!). Key Lime pie was unique and nearly a foot tall! Bring your appetite! Big on food low on price.
I visited this place on the way back from Destin when we made a detour through Pensacola Beach. I had heard good things about the Diesel Fuel so wanted to try it myself. The atmosphere is great! I went with my fiance during the day and it was the perfect temperature... though in the summer I can imagine it may be hot as the restaurant is mainly open. I ordered the red/tropical Diesel Fuel and he ordered the classic Long Island Diesel Fuel. His tasted stronger, TBO. We also ordered a mushroom Swiss burger to split with fries. The burger was GREAT and so was the drink. And yes, one will get you tipsy and two you'd probably be bordering on drunk. It doesn't taste like it though (at least the red one), it's very smooth! I would definitely go back next time I'm in Pensacola. The menu had plenty of options and the atmosphere as great.
From two thirty somethings on vacation let it be known this is a family restaurant. Lots of kids playing and laughing and at times crying. The shrimp platter was enough for two but it was mostly fried food. Perfect place to eat to enjoy being outdoors without having to sit outside.
the atmosphere here is amazing. you are right on the beach, the décor is fantastic..... I've been twice, while visiting town, so don't know much about the place.. but the seafood nachos are a MUST and the diesel fuel will make for a cheap date ;)
The chowder is awsome and very tasty and the food here is great and doesnt cost much at all, they have a good thing going here. If you are on the beach and want great food cheap this is the place to go.
food is wonderful, along with the drinks! This is the summer spot on saturday nights, with live music, dacing, and wet t-shirt contest at 1am! Entertainment for everyone!
Wonderful place to eat on the beach, decent prices, fun and vibrant atmosphere, highly recommend, wide variety on the menu, bar, music
Diesel fuel was good size, strong, and delicious! The chowder is awesome and I love their seafood nachos! I will warn you that the seafood nachos are huge and messy! Plan on sharing with at least a couple of friends. This is a really fun, relaxing place by the beach. I would gladly bring any out of town  guest for a fun experience.
We went to Flounder's for a drink, so I cannot comment on the food, but the Diesel Fuel was strong. Very strong. One of those and I was good for the rest of the day. We went during Hurricane Gustav, so this place was relatively uncrowded, but the ambience out on the patio was fantastic.
Well, this place isn't really good on the service side.  The food was great and the volleyball game going on was great too.  Although it shouldn't take 20 minutes to get 2 pitchers of beer.  That's just me.  I had the burger which was great, and my friend's had the burger and steak sandwich.  We weren't really thinking seafood, but we were just hungry.  It might've just been the service at the time, but we just had to wait a while to get beer and food.  It could've been better.
What a great setting. Kids loved the sand and play area close to our table. The food is better than we expect from these types of places down in Pensacola Beach. Had to try the diesel fuel after reading the other reviews. Almost ordered a second one. Not as strong as I thought, or maybe my liver is in hyperdrive. Overall the place we would go to down at the beach.
This place has totally acceptable seafood offerings. It covers all the basics. There is nothing unique about this place but sometimes you don't want that. You just want straight forward seafood. Service was quick and this place has a fun atmosphere, especially if you like to drink outside. It is also kid friendly.  I can't honestly say I would go back on my next trip to Florida but I was not disappointed either.
my favorite bar/restaurant in pensacola. the chowder is rediculously good. on sundays they have $2 bloddies.  seriously?  seriously. the diesel fuel is rediculous.  didn't have it, but was told it was. and the place is huge but spaced out - so you don't feel crowded in.  awesome.
I loved this place. The food was excellent the service good! I had Coconut Shrimp and my husband had the Flounders fried Seafood platter. It was all excellent. My son had the seafood nachos which sounded ify but turned to be a yummy suprise. I had a piña colada which was more like a delicious dessert than a drink but still tasted divine. There is a huge play ground for the kids and many were wearing swimsuits and playing in some sort of water fun as well. Big family fun!
...was craving seafood last weekend and wanted to go to the beach, so we decided to hit up a spot we've never been to so we decided to try out Flounders. Im not a huge seafood person, but I was really wanting fish and chips. The decor inside reminded me of the queue of the Jaws ride at Universal Studios Orlando. It seemed to be a forced nautical theme going on so much in fact that I was waiting for Chief Brody to show us to our table. I get it. Its a seafood place on the beach. Enough of the horrible New England beach decor. You can opt to eat out by the water or indoors. The wait was too long for gulf view so we ate inside. Wood wood wood everywhere...Anyways we started out with our drink order. This place is known for their Diesel fuels so my group had those while I opted for the Strawberry margarita (pay extra $2 and you get to keep your glass) and we got our comp bread. All very good so I thought hey, we're off to a promising start. My boyfriend ordered mozz sticks for the app. Good, nothing spectacular or anything different from what you would find at a chain restaurant. For our main courses I ordered the Floyd Flounder's Flawless Full Flavored Florida Flash Fried Fish, my bf and brother had the cheeseburgers, and my friend Stephanie had the Shrimp Po Boy. Everyone said their food was fine. Im pretty sure my fish was frozen because it tasted that way, but the fries were good and I liked the hushpuppies and cole slaw. For dessert we ordered the chocolate cake. Please make sure you only order one because it literally is as big as your head. It tasted like all the other restaurant cakes. I didnt realize until we left that the owner of this place also owns McGuires(which i LOVE and Crabs on the beach, my other favorite place) so after I found that out I knocked off a star because those 2 other restaurants I really like and this one was just ok. I doubt I will be back just because there are other really good beach restuarants here like Hemingways or Grand Marlin.
Average. Has to be enjoyable in the summer. Outside venue with huge open area dining. Fun place. good large hamburger. Drinks on the lower side of quality. Chowder was good but not from Boston. you can do better in Pensecola and you can do worse.
Had one fish po-boy, which we probably could serve two at lunch, a fried fish platter, and a triggerfish entrée (not a common listing, it is fairly plain).  Split a bowl of chowder which was OK but between that and the bread made us need a take-out box after dinner.
Pretty good food. Decided to order some charbroiled oysters for a little bit of home on vacation. Overall decent although a little on the crazy crowded side.
Oysters on the half shell, calamari and fresh grilled fish; YUM!  I have never had a bad plate of food from Flounders and my roommate felt the calamari was worth fighting over.  Pull up a chair on the deck, grab a Diesel Fuel and relax.  You and your belly will be very happy.
Founder's diesel fuel is one of the only things I can remember from this night. They had a lot of different flavors but didn't realize how strong they were until I had seen the bartender make one. It was at least three quarters alcohol and is kind of made like a longisland from what I remember. It is located right next to the boardwalk and was an extremely well rounded night while I was out. They have a bar room, dining outside with good food, and a band that kept everyone going. Good place and the diesels are def worth trying out, just make sure you have a ride after, they're sneaky.
Flounder's serves large dishes. Awesome Sunday brunches with bottomless Champagne.
They had an amazing dip with shrimp and founder and spinach artichoke.. but the fish did not do much for either of us.. I ordered maui maui and got down a few bites.. the atmosphere is very loud and it is a busy place..probably more fun to drink there and eat the dip than eat a dinner
Just returned to New Orleans from a weekend jaunt to Pensacola Beach and Flounder's Chowder House our fall back, after a failed attempt and almost 2 HOUR wait at Peg Leg Pete's. When we arrived at Flounder's, the parking lot was PACKED and we thought we were going to run into the same problem that we had at Peg Leg Pete's, but we gave it a shot.  25 minute wait and several bars that were NOT 3 deep, so waiting was super painless.  I read some other reviews that claim that it was expensive and touristy, which certainly didn't surprise me.  Though honestly the prices were not ridiculous and touristy is to be expected, I think.   My date and I both had 2 cocktails with dinner, full entrées, shared an appetizer and dessert and our bill was less than $90, which is pretty dang good, if you ask me.  Dinner was yummy.  Not really anything to write home about, but good.  The seafood selection was a bit lacking but this is the gulf coast, after all.  One downfall:  the wait at the bar was kind of a sloppy drunk fest, thanks to, I believe, the "Diesel Fuels" (giant long island iced teas, served in huge mason jars).  Anyways, nothing that would deter me from going back, but a little obnoxious, nonetheless. Good food.  Short wait.  Live Music.  Right on the water.  Good stuff, overall.
The food is definitely great and you get your money's worth. The service, however, could be a little better. Staff didn't look like they were happy they were there. I felt kind of like a burden to the server.
Big servings, good service, and a very casual atmosphere.  Touristy, but still good.  Especially for small groups.
Amazing steakburgers! They are huge and a bargain at $9.99 with a super atmosphere!
Meh. Tourist trap for sure. Food is mediocre and not cheap. The waitstaff was pretty good, and we were seated quickly. The outdoor ambiance is the nicest feature. For families with kids, there is a sandy play park. It also has a gift shop. So if you have kids that can't sit still for a meal and you want huge drinks in collectible glasses that you can take home... This is the place for you.
The oysters are good but the buffalo wings were way way too salty.  Their drinks are terrific.  I loved the strawberry daiquiri, it was like drinking a strawberry cheesecake.  The view is very cool and it wasn't supercrowded.  It was fun to watch the really drunk middle aged guys stumble around too.
Ok, if you come here for a beer, cold drinks all fine... Food was ok but not great. The place change later from restaurant to bar with live band.
Great spot for lunch or dinner.  Very authentic beach town joint.  Lot's of seating outside so don't expect too much in the way of AC.  Very good food.
Ribeye and mashed potatoes were excellent! My husband had trigger fish and loved it. Server was friendly and there was a good amount of seating.
This place is two separate venues depending on if it's before or after 10pm. During the day its a great family dining, with a giant playground to entertain the children while parents enjoy colorful drinks and often live music. The food is good and the portions are very large. The first time I went to flounders I was starving from a day on the beach and was comforted by the sight of two very large gentlemen walking out with leftovers. So that's for the day time, at night this place transforms into a dance club packed with locals, groups of females, and endless drunken sailors and marines. Throw in some of the strongest mix drinks around and this place can easily make you wake up the next morning searching for your sun glasses and head ache medicine.
We visited Flounders on a Saturday evening in late June at 9 pm.  It is a huge restaraunt. Outdoor and indoor seating. Live music.Despite it being peak season and the fact that it is a hugely popular place to eat, there was no wait for a table.  It caters to all ages.  Loads for the kids to do.   There were children in bathing suits playing on the playground and running through the misters.  Food was good - no complaints from any of my party.  Service friendly and fast.  I am no gourmet, but if you want a decent meal, decently priced with a large enough menu to keep everyone in your group happy, then this is the place.
Tourist trap. Terrible food. Great atmosphere...Sit outside and have a drink.
I had the flounder, and I'll stick to the booze next time.  It's a fun place to visit.
I got the coconut shrimp. It was great and the sauce even made it better.
Flounder's has really good food and great entertainment. It's kid friendly until around 10ish and afterwards is a blast.
You can't go to Pensacola without trying the famous Diesels.  The food is OK but the drinks are outstanding and the atmosphere is always fun and upbeat.  Free music during the weekends with large crowds. Great for meeting new people or just having fun dancing with friends.
Food is a bit pricey for a run of the mill Florida tourist spot.  Their Bushwacker is very good though and the bar is pretty cool to drink at. Diesel fuel is just a bunch of shots poured into a mason jar.
I've visited this place a couple times on my trips to Pensacola.  Both times have been nice.  Upscale food and service in a beach location.  Seafood Nachos are huge, we had 5 eating this appetizer and still didn't finish.  Stuffed Flounder entree was a small portion.  The shrimp entree i had was huge!  Lots of different shrimp on the platter from peel and eat to deep fried to coconut shrip, etc.  Ate about half then took rest home for lunch the next day.  Prices are on the moderate to high range.  $20-25 per entree.  Try the Blue Marlin drink,  it's a pina colada with a blueberry taste.  When i want to eat well and spend some money, i will go to this place again. Not very handicap accessible. Lots of uneven floors and steps.
I had a great time at this restaurant.  I would definitely come here again.  They have great tropical fruity drinks and great drink specials.  I like how the restaurant is outside with a view of the beach.  I started off with their 18 cent clam chowder.  Very good.  For my entree, I ordered the shrimp platter.  It was a ton of different shrimp types (cocktail, coconut, popcorn, fried, kebab) for 20 bucks.  The shrimp kebab was my favorite.  Too much food, I was so full.  If you like fruity drinks and souvenir glasses you will love Flounders.  Great for a date and family.
Great atmosphere and food. Right on the water with indoor & outdoor seating with slightly different atmospheres and customers. Outside isles of a dockside bar with dining tables. Inside is more like a restaurant with a really nice bar. The quality of food, service, & atmosphere were all above average for some of the places we have been!
Food was good, service was great, key lime pie was huge!
Yummy food, great seating options both inside & right on the beach. It is always very crowded, but even still, they get you seated quickly. Slightly pricey, I thought, but you're paying for atmosphere as well. Service was great, too.
Hotel recommended this restaurant since we had our three year old daughter. I can't thank them enough. This place was so cool. You should definitely park across the street. We didn't mind the wait (approx 20 minutes) because you could sit in the bar area or at the playground. My daughter loved the play area! Food was great! It's really pricey, but worth it. My husband ordered Flounders favorite and I got the shrimp boat sampler. We really could've shared one of them instead of each getting our own. It was so much food! They also had a rocking live band and a pier you could venture out on. We will make sure to come back again!
Loud gawdy expensive tourist trap.  Food is tasteless, and service is very slow.  Locals do not eat here, it is for tourists only.  An automatic 18% service charge is added to your check, even for just two couples.  That's outrageous!  Fish is not fresh caught, and they use frozen fish.  Only item added to main dishes is two or three greasy cold French fries.  Prices are very high, typical of a tourist trap.  They have a sandy play area for kids, and children are continually running through the restaurant in sandy wet bathing suits.
Had the fresh snapper. Really good. The fish tracker QR code was interesting. It tells you who wand where your fish was caught. The beer and wine were great. Happy hour prices were cheap. The seafood burger is huge.  The chicken salad was too much to eat. Kids menu chicken strips were a small portion but the popcorn shrimp was a lot.
I've been coming to Pensacola for 30 years and manage at least 1 trip to Flounders every time I'm here.  We go with our extended family and they usually manage to find a table for us without much of a wait.  The menu is large enough to accomodate everyone's tastes - even the non-sea-foodies and little kids who also love the playground on the beach.  Service is always  good although the food varies with how busy the place is.  In the summer, it's packed and the food isn't always as good.  The grilled fish - you pick the fish and to preparation i.e. blackened, naked, citrus beurre blanc, etc. - is always a good choice but many of my family swear by the fried entres.  The drink menu and appetizers, especially the tower of onion rings, is fun.
Excellent atmosphere... for kids, teens, adults. Food & drinks are just fine...
A part of our family tradition.  Consistently great food, drink and service.
Took my 2 boys here during a short visit to Pensacola beach.  We went early before it got crowded.  Our waiter, David h was awesome!  Rum runner was delish and food was not bad.  It wasn't gourmet but all of the restaurants in the area looked the same caliber, meaning loud and seafood oriented.  Saying that the place was great for kids and I would go back.
We ordered this to go, so our review won't speak to the ambience. This is pretty much like good pub food. My husband had the shrimp po'boy, I had the shrimp boat fiesta, and we shared the chocolate confusion. I also had a garden salad. Everything was fresh and tasted pretty decent. I'm not a fan of the fried seafood cuisine of Florida but this was not a disappointment. Definitely worth the visit!
this is a Nice place on the bay we went for lunch the food was good and tasted to be fresh the view was Great on the open air seating area a group of guys playing Volley Ball and a couple of Surfer Punks Hanging out Brought the whole place even more together ,Try the Key Lime Pie it's Amazing and almost big enough to share but you won't want to!
Tourist trap.  Marginal food at best.  Better restaurants on the beach for sure.  They do have a decent kids area and volleyball court.
Terrific food, very friendly and great service and reasonable prices compared to other seafood restaurants in the area. We went twice in a one week period after a dissapointing meal at The Fish House and it was great both times.
The worst chicken wings i have had in a while. Rushed service. Great central playground for kids, nice view of the bay. Neat entryway and aesthetic feel to the establishment, although, again, a bit dirty. :(
Very good food and great service, will go back. Great place for families too.
The food and atomosphere here are decent. A great place to get seafood and drinks. During the summer, they usually open for drinks with a live band, but that isn't for everybody. Its usually a bunch of drunk idiots.
Great atmosphere, great food.  Excellent value.  Flounders also caters to kids with a playground on the beach for before and after dinner playtime.
Stopped in on a quiet Saturday afternoon for drinks and to catch some football. Server seemed somewhat bothered, was disinterested when it became clear we weren't going to be a big ticket. Chowder was good, although a little on the hot (spice) side. Had their signature drink- Diesel Fuel. Served in a plastic quart jar, it is their interpretation of a Long Island Iced Tea. It failed. It (gin, vodka, rum, sour mix, coke) was probably the worst drink I've ever had since experimenting with mixology in college.Server offered to have it diluted with more coke... IMO draining out & refilling with coke wasn't the correct solution- he should have asked if I'd like something else. Save your $8 and order 2 of something you like. Didn't have any other entrees, so we'll try again next visit & see. Did observe other tables and it appeared to be typical bar fare- tower of onion rings, ginormous plates of nachos, etc. Loved the decor and the back beach area, can see it being the happening place during the season.
Excellent view and wonderful for kids. Food was just average. Said they had smashed potatos but they were from a box
