Niawanda Park is close to home, a beautiful spot that stretches beyond the park limits. Today my boyfriend and I rode our bikes the length of the bike path to the Grand Island bridge. There were plenty of people having picnics, walking dogs, or just enjoying nature. We also saw a group of people doing yoga next to the river. There were even tons of rollerbladers which totally made us want to break out our old blades. Nothing can beat a quality bike path next to the river! Mississippi Mudds and Old Man River are also right next to the park. Both great places for food and ice cream!
Years ago my fiance (then boyfriend) took me to this park during my first spring in Buffalo. It was really nice, a good bike ride away from my apartment in Amherst and there was ice cream. All good qualities for a park! Since that first trip we have revisited a few times, but the most memorable was July 2011. My man had been planning a picnic for us at the park. He even went shopping to acquire the food, which is very unlike him! It was a positively gorgeous day and this park is a great place for a picnic. We enjoyed our sandwiches and snacks and then got an ice cream cone and started walking along the path, enjoying the views of the river. We settled in at a picnic bench a little ways down the path. Then, before I knew it, he was down on one knee asking me the big question! He could barely finish before I said YES! Of course. I loved this park from my first visit, but now it holds an even more special place in my heart. A solid five stars, all around!
Niawanda Park is a beautiful little park in Tonawanda along the Niagara River. I come here to sit on the rocks, eat ice cream, go for walks and to enjoy romantic sunsets. There's also a boat dock and fishing pier that you can use if you have a permit, but I've never had the occasion. This park is simply a bit of trail along the river (with picnic tables and benches scattered throughout), but the views here are spectacular and worth making the drive from the city for. Wonderful destination to get away from city life and even enjoy some of the great restaurants nearby (Dwyers Pub has wings that rival Duff's / Anchorbar). There's plenty of people-watching you can do here and it's a great place to bring a date!
