great staff. geat tacos. awesome bloodies. great atmosphere.
We went here July 1 2014. Waitresses were arguing. We sat down and waitress didn't seem to acknowledge our presence. By the time she came by we had decided to go elsewhere.
Avoid this place. Castaways is Huge...and empty.  You would think they want  your business!   We waited for 30 minutes on a Saturday night and never were waited upon.  Even asked a waitress for menus. She ignored our request. We left and went to Peg Leg Pete's.  Seated immediately and the seafood was good. Castaways sucks. Not sure that Gordon Ramsey could save that place.  Avoid it!  Only gave it one star because yelp requires me to do so.
Pretty sure our server is stoned.  Didn't write anything down, orders came out wrong. AVOID
Pensacola Beach is struggling enough right now without having marginal, overpriced restaurants.   We should have known when we walked in at 7pm and there was 1 other table seated.  My wife ordered a burger "medium" and it was well done.  When my wife let the server know, the server said " I hate any pink inside of a burger!" I had a soft shell crab po-boy that was mostly bread (un-toasted mind you).  A little bit of lettuce and 1 tomato slice.  They gave me some "remoulade" on the side which was mayo with cyan pepper.   The reason it is not 1 star is because the fries were pretty good. Anyways, lets step it up guys...  If you can't cook a medium burger, I hate to try the catch of the day!
Food was horrible. Very empty and awkward atmosphere. They price you for things you didn't know were extra. Manager is horrible and not helpful at all with the receipt. Never returning here. Waste of $50!
One star minus on Latin night! Total disappointment!  We showed up early because we got the impression that it packed the house, but the dj started an hour late and then only played two sets of salsa!  Poor at best!
Really liked this place. Rob the waiter was great to talk to! Food was good drinks were good. Nice view and relaxing atmosphere. I will be back!
Staff were friendly and helpful.  Hamburger was tasty.  Prices are very reasonable for the area.  Nice view of the water!
Surprisingly tasty food, but below average atmosphere and service. I was craving fried shrimp. Perusing the nearby options on Yelp, nowhere looked especially promising. Pensacola Beach is solidly touristy. The reviews for Castaways, while mixed, made it sound like the best option for what I was looking for. My first impressions were not good, upon walking in, the restaurant just had the wrong feel. Castaway's bills itself as a bar and grill. It's really a bar/club that serves some food as a sideline. And that's the big issue. It's too cavernous, too loud, and too dingy to be a good restaurant. I'm sure it's a fine bar at night when it's dark and everyone is a little drunk, but in the daylight? Yuck. I visited the restroom right after we were seated, it was dirty enough that  I started to tell my wife "let's go somewhere else", but she had already ordered drinks so I decided to tough it out. The place needs a serious deep cleaning, I spotted a few dead bugs on the window sill, the floor was very dirty, and vacated tables remained unbussed the whole time we were there. The service seemed to be having major issues, there were six parties seated when we were there and three servers, and yet every table appeared to have an issue. The servers seemed to be constantly apologizing, making excuses and looked confused and overwhelmed. One table apparently got forgotten about by their server whose shift ended and had left. So none of the other servers took care of them and then when they finally spoke up the remaining servers couldn't figure out their bill and they waited a very long time to pay. Another table had waited a very long time for their food and thier server kept checking on it and apologizing. A third table was overcharged for a drink from the bar and it took two servers, the bartender, and another person (Who may have been a manager?) to figure it out. As I watched the comedy of errors occurring around us I was prepared for the worst, but miraculously our order came out swiftly and mostly correct. A shrimp platter was without coleslaw, but we didn't miss it. The food itself was very decent. The fried shrimp were well seasoned and crunchy. The roll for the poboys was excellent, soft and light, but sturdy. The fries were crispy and nicely seasoned. The portions were decent for the prices, especially for a tourist town. But the food was not enough to overcome the ought shortcomings. I can't recommend eating here.
Live music was great - but the waitress was a bit too much "cast away"... Didn't show up anymore and had to search her to pay my check..
If your hungry don't go here this place seems to be out of everything all the time!!! It seems like they need a new manager to do the food orders because they run out of french fries, onion rings, fish, and much more!!! I have never been to a place that was out of more then 1 item let alone 4 or 5. We were sitting next to a couple and they kept getting told they had to pick something else because the restaurant was out of all the things they tried to pick. They ended up leaving not getting anything, I felt bad for them because they were on vacation.
Wonderful service... enjoyed talking to the bartender... nachos were good
Service was garbage! Don't come here unless you want to be ignored for about 30 minutes before they take your drink order.
