For what it is, Hub Stacey's may be a perfect bar and restaurant. The sandwiches are the best in town. It's nice to see a bar that put a lot of thought into their menu. And their beer selection is well above average. Just think of your favorite small bar at home. Now add delicious sandwiches, an extensive beer list, and a friendly staff. Possibly my favorite hangout in town.
Great food & fantastic staff!   Treating customers right!  Me likes it, me likes it alot!  :)
I had hoped it would be different than I expected. But this place is your typical bar and bar food. No one to greet you at the door so we were at a loss what to do. Finally seated ourselves outside and this was enjoyable. Until the drunks started crying next to us. A little close for my comfort. We ordered fried mushrooms for our appetizer. They came after our cheeseburger and pastrami sandwich.  Jeff never checked back or offered to maybe comp them since we didn't eat them.  Greasy burger. Pastrami was good though. Mediocre from service to food. I did have fun people watching though.
Second visit-Saturday evening-quick snack before the Wahoos game. Plenty of folks, not overcrowded and found seating right away on the patio. Ordered 2 appetizers: Corn Fritters were hot, golden sweet nuggets of tastiness. Perfect all by themselves-skipped the ranch dressing they came with (which seemed odd,)  Will get these every visit. Artichoke/Spinach dip could have been hotter but was fresh tasting; the corn chips were nothing special,..if the whole appetizer was served HOT (chips too) it could be so much better!  Fritters were the winner on this night.
We have eaten here several times over the past several year and have also gotten carry out to attend the concerts in the park next door several times. The service can be a little slow, but that is to be expected, as this is a bar that serves food, not a restaraunt that serves drinks. The food has always been good and plentiful. My favorite sandwich is without question the Main Street. This bad boy will fill you up even if you are really hungry. If you are in the historic district, this place is worth a stop.
Hub Stacey's has the best sandwiches and best karaoke in Pensacola, hands down. Their homemade mayo is out of control and their prices are beyond reasonable. I miss this place so much.
(Said dramatically in the 1940s black and white movie romance style) "I'm delicate. I've been burned before. I just don't think I can go through with it again." I jested playfully and dramatically, but seriously lamenting about my slightly aching, not fully recovered belly from the previous gargantuan, fattening meals we'd eaten at other restaurants that weekend. I really just wanted something light, something cleansing, so we agreed to share thankfully. We shared the vegetarian Baylen sandwich - tons of veggies: sprouts, onions, cucumbers, tomatoes, lettuce, with grilled wheat bread and cheese with hummus. Perfection! A veggie (or two or three) keeps the stomach ache away! It came with potato salad which was not vegetarian (bacon) and since we shared we got two sides, I choose the chips. Cheap date. Even better, on a Sunday late morning (like 1045ish) my gin and tonic ($1.50) cost less than his coke ($2)! I'm a fan! (How apropos for a sports bar lol!)
Met a group of friends here on Sunday night.  All mixed drinks were $3!  I drank Grey Goose and cranberries for dirt cheap!  We sat outside, enjoyed their delicious hummus and had a jolly ol' time.  Everyone couldn't believe how affordable the drinks were.  To make this place even cooler, ladies drink 1/2 price EVERY night!  [insert heavenly amen sounds] I am totally diggin' this place!
The first time that I went to a Hub Stacey's, I was just simply amazed at the simple menu, great food, and great service this place has to offer!  This one is located on the water, off of Innerarity Point Rd, right before the Perdido Key bridge, on the west side of Pensacola.  For some reason not "searchable" or listed?  Not sure why? This place sits right at a boat ramp, is small, quiant, and simply awesome!  I have eaten at both places, and really like the one on the water a lot better.  The people are more friendly and personable.  I did not like the service we got at the one downtown, although the food was nearly the same, the sandwiches were soaked in the juices of the meats, and they had no french fries?  The one downtown had a nice little outside patio, which was nice.  The one on the westside of Pensacola, has a nice wrap around patio, and entertainment (music).  This is a must see kind of "hole in the wall"!  The prices are just right, and the restaurant rocks!  You won't regret it!
Hub Stacey's is a great little bar located in the heart of downtown Pensacola. But to call it "just a bar" would not be doing it justice. Hub also makes a great variety of super yummy sandwiches. My personal favorite is the cuban. Wow. Very good. The "dirty dog" wasn't the greatest hot dog I've ever had. But what really sparkles is their potato salad - it was incredible! I would definitely recommend Hub Stacey's if you are looking for a relaxed place to sit outside & enjoy the cool air, have a brew, and people watch.
My partner and I visited Hub Stacey's after the Great Gulf Coast Arts Festival. We had the shrimp salad pita and the veggie sandwich. Both were bland and unremarkable. The potato salad is saturated in mayonnaise. We ended up eating lunch again at another restaurant. Only plastic silverware available. Disgusting smell indoors. Will not return.
I have to give this place 5 stars. Always there like a good friend. Food is great and drinks are stiff!
Get here early so you can grab a table!   I love this place because it's relaxed, laid back and the food is great - I ordered the club last time and substituted mayo for honey mustard - it was so tasty that I kept eating it after I was full - some things you just want to savor.  The on e down fall is there are no beers on tap BUT they do have cold bottled beer. I like that they also have live music.  I saw the Beatles cover band and had ab last singing along with my friend.
It's not fancy or showy, but it was a decent place to stop in for lunch if your in the area.  They have cheap drinks and a nice place to sit outside or to start of your night out.  It's a little dive-y inside, but service has been quick everytime I've been in.   They have a good amount of sandwiches/salads to choose from and everything is good. I probably wouldn't drive out of my way to go here, but it's a popular lunch spot for the area during the week.
Good food, funny bartenders, and a location that's close but not as busy as the ones on palofax street.
Is Hub Stacey's a Neighborhood Bar that happens to serve food, or a Neighborhood Restaurant that happens to have a bar?...Can't really answer that, but it does not matter because this is one of those neighborhood joints that is just comfortable and fun...very casual place that has indoor seating where the bar is located and has an outdoor patio with a view of downtown Pensacola and Escambia Bay..does not appear to matter what time of day you are here because it seems to have 2 phases, crowded and really crowded...even with the crowds this is one of those places where the waitresses are on top of their game helping each others tables out and making sure no one goes too long without a drink or food..Hub's specializes in sandwiches and we had a couple excellent ones;The Hubba Bubba which was Roast Beef covered in sautéed mushrooms..beef gravy..and melted swiss and served with a side of horseradish and The Alcaniz which is their Chicken Salad on grilled sourdough..started our meals with a couple cups of their homemade Italian Wedding Soup which was quite good as well..no complaints about the food or service at all..only reason I am deducting a star is they have the biggest most boring beer list I have ever seen in my life..50 Bottle Varieties and the best they have is a Sweetwater 420?...only 4 Drafts(Bud Light..Miller Lite..Coors Light..Yuengling)...Hubs is located less than 2 blocks from The Pensacola Bay Brewery and they don't have a single beer from them!!..are the owners mortal enemies?...is this place owned by InBev?...are BMC threatening to stop making deliveries if they carry a Stone..Founders..or Ballast Point Beer?....I mean something strange is going on when a place makes room for 50 different bottles of beer and they are all boring macros and "imports" from BMC..to quote Darth Vader..I find Hub Stacey's lack of faith in Craft Beers "disturbing"..oh well maybe at night when this place turns more into a bar/karaoke joint that's what sells...will definitely stop by for sandwiches again some time, but my drink will be sweet tea unless a beer upgrade has been made
Stopped in here to eat during the Gulf Point Arts Festival, so it may have been more crowded than usual because of that, so it took a little longer to find a table (seat yourself!) than I normally like, but I chalked it up to the extra crowds... The food was great - I had Italian Wedding Soup and the La Rue (half) - the half was more than enough, the full would have been way too much! It was so good, though, their olive salad they put on the sandwich is amazing - to die for!! My dining companions all enjoyed their food as well, the Cajun potato chips that comes with the sandwiches are also awesome. The prices are good, and the serving sizes are generous. I'd definitely come back here, it looks like a fun, laid-back and friendly place!
Finally made it down for a sammich and a brew after a long run with some friends. Hub Stacey's is listed as a "Sports Bar," but that seems to be a bit of a misnomer; it's more of a corner dive with a few TVs than a "Sports Bar." Seemed super-casual - the kind of place where Everybody Knows Your Name. Had the Chase (chicken sammich) sans mayo - I can't stomach the thought of that condiment - and while it was tasty, it was nothing I'd go out of my way to order again. Beer selection was a bit on the disappointing side. The list is impressive, but it's almost purely domestic lagers. (I had the Sweetwater IPA, since I love me some hops!) Prices were consistent with typical pub grub. All in all, a solid spot to get some vittles and a cold one in a beautiful part of Downtown. I'll probably be back.
Been here 3 times, last night being the last.  I didn't get exactly what I ordered.  I wanted the 1/4 pound hamburger, but the 1/2 pound hamburger instead. The potato salad was room temperature, sugary, and very bland otherwise.  Jenny the Waitress and the cook really missed the mark again.  Not returning.
This was perfect for Sunday afternoon.  Super casual, great outdoor seating, massive portions and won't put a dent in your wallet!  The loaded fries were awesome.  The sandwiches were all great, but all really big, so remember that wen ordering.
I've never had anything bad to eat at Hub's, and I've never had a bad experience there.  The staff is wonderful and you never have to wonder when you'll get your next beer or soft drink refill.  The customers are also friendly and make each visit a pleasure.  This is not an impersonal bar/eatery.
With regard to the downtown location in Pensacola, The Baylen sandwich is really good! Its vegetarian and its loaded with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, alfalfa sprouts and cheese on a lightly grilled wheat bread... Sounds simple, though was very yummy!
Actually I went to the one on the Point,  Excellent sandwiches  and quick although  quirky service.   Bring something warm to wear if you sit out on the deck.  That wind off the water in March can be chilly  ;)
Simple and delicious.  I had the Cuban. A little meat, a little cheese, a little spice all grilled into a decent sized sandwich.
Fantastic sandwiches in generous portions.  Good prices. Decent patio for dining outside.
Good sandwiches.  Chips and salsa are terrible (think fair chips and tomato sauce...seriously).  Service was friendly and attentive.  Ladies drink 1/2 off all the time.  Nice place to grab a few drinks on the patio.
I went with several good friends to the location at Innerarity Point while visiting my home town it was a great party fun atmosphere when you do not want to be serenaded with the Karaoke you can sit out side and ave a conversation with friends....good drinks good prices i was a happy girl..good southern fun.....kinda hard to find tucked back a bit from the road.
I usually really like the food here however my last experience was less than perfect.  The service was absolutely horrible! I will think twice before going back here again.  We sat outside and ordered water...which, I am guessing was our fatal mistake.  It seems as if you don't order an alcoholic beverage you get the shotty service.  Our server never spoke to us again after taking our order.  She brought our water with NO ICE; my water cup sat empty for 15 minutes before I finally got up and went to the bar inside for a refill....  Then and only then did my server actually walk up to me while I was standing at the bar and asked if I needed something!  I told her the bartender was taking care of me.  She tended to her other tables all around  us, all of which ordered alcohol, but never once looked our way.  We ordered a club sandwich and chicken salad pita, which was acceptable, however, did NOT make up for the bad experience.  I was absolutely appalled and it will be a cold day in Hell before I return.
Hub Stacey's is great. Their sandwiches are awesome and a good price. One of the best restaurants in Pensacola.
Great sandwiches along with a great atmosphere.  The bar is priced reasonably to boot.  The Hub at Innerarity Point is just as good.
