We went to the Magnolia on a Saturday night and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  The place is small, but comfortable.  My wife and I totally love places with a neighborhood feel, and the Magnolia has that.  We were served by Bill who had great beer recommendations.  I'm a beer snob, and Bill was able to hit my likes right on the head with his recommendations. The food comes in small plates, but everything we had was tasty.  Overall, a great choice for a relaxing evening or afternoon.  We will definitely be back.
A must for anyone local or visiting. Great food, great atmosphere. Small but they do not lack anything. The owner, Bill, is very friendly and knowledgable. Great place to stop for a beer and light dinner. Very large beer and wine selection.
Magnolia is great, its a very cute small (as in 4-5 tables plus the bar) restaurant with fresh creative well prepared food. The 'famous' chicken salad sandwich was really great as was the appetizer special that day. They also have a nice beer selection and wonderfully friendly service. The food is really quite enjoyable and the portions are thankfully normal human sized and not meant for a horse. I highly recommend you try Magnolia out if you get the chance.
Found this little gem on Yelp while traveling alone on business. Loved the great drink selection as well as the sandwich sliders! The owners were very personable and made me feel very welcome. Would definitely go back next time I'm in town!
Arrived about 9:30pm, it was only us(my son, my friend, & myself), the owners, Bill and his wife. It was a good experience. They had an extensive beer list. I had the pulled pork(which is topped with blue cheese coleslaw) and a chicken salad slider. It was delicious. Also, the mac n cheese was to die for. Bill and his wife are very kind and recommended places to visit during our vacation. It is a smaller place and might be overlooked, but do take the time to stop in, have a beer and grab a sandwich. You won't be disappointed.
More than a bar with food that has truly unique flavor combinations and a full page of beer options.  A little on the small side but that lends itself to a very unique and intimate experience.  We will definitely be coming back.
There is a reason this restaurant has 5-stars all around.  What a gem of a place for food in Pensacola.  In a town that specializes in average, touristy food, Magnoila is a foodie-caliber chef-based neighborhood staple.  It is small, homey and you feel special upon being there.  The food is awesome, with a simple menu and not-overdone treats.  The wine and beer selection tops off this special restaurant experience - try the NxNW red, you won't be disappointed.
Magnolia is the neighborhood bar I wish was in my neighborhood and consequently I drive to this one! They have great beer options the food is always delicious and the hospitality is second-to-none. Bill and Kiley, who own this gem, really understand service and hospitality and strive to excel. I went yesterday for their creative Texas Oktoberfest and it was wonderful and hilarious! Bottom line: if you want to relax somewhere and have a great drink and delicious food hit up the Magnolia.
Loving the music and food in this adorable little neighborhood bar! Between the three of us in my group, there wasn't a thing we ordered that we did not enjoy. The Mac is great both ways and the hummus is fresh. I highly recommend the chicken salad. It goes well with the decent wine selection and the eclectic beer selection. Don't be shy about ordering dessert either! Delicious! Very hip and home feel accompanied by appreciated hospitality. Truly a diamond in the rough here in Pensacola, FL.
I stopped into this little place before an appointment one day for a quick bite and was pleasantly surprised!  They have a great beer menu plus some good reasonably priced wines.  I had the "Almost" world famous chicken salad and it definitely was good.  The specials each day sound very intriguing and I'm looking forward to trying out a few more things.  The prices are also extremely reasonable. The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly.  I sat at the bar and chatted with staff and other patrons and it was very nice.  You just have to keep an eye out for the place when you're headed down the road.  It's literally a little blue house and if you're not paying attention, you might miss it. I would definitely recommend this place and look forward to going back and trying more of the menu!
I had the pulled pork sandwich with blue cheese slaw.  The sandwich was good I didn't taste any blue cheese, and $7.50 was high since it wasn't very big.  Lots of beers available.  Very friendly and professional staff.
I've always wanted to find a spot that was quaint and subtle and this is it. The ambiance is great! Great blues music, awesome desserts. I didn't get an opportunity to eat anything else on the menu, as I ate dinner somewhere else, but this was the perfect place for a nightcap. And, I can't wait to eat dinner here as well. Besides the great music and environment, the owners are AMAZING!! They are hospitable and make you feel like your neighbors opened a bar and wanted you to come hang out for awhile. Play a few games of rummy or Yahtzee, which is also an option, as they have cards and games available. The prices are reasonable, nothing ridiculous. They have great daily specials...(especially the 1/2 off bottles of wine on Thursdays) And, they take cards, which is great. Sounds crazy that some places are cash only, but I know the establishment that was there before only took cash. At any rate, I would recommend this place to anyone coming to Pensacola looking for a great place to "chill" for lack of a better word. No big crowds, no rowdy teenagers, no drunk military. And, the attire...casual. Don't have to dress up.
Any Mac n Cheese the Mag puts out is to die for! Awesome staff, Bill & Kiley are the best, and the food is always delicious. Great place to grab a beer and some rocking food. By far my favorite place in Pensacola! If I ever moved, I'd have some serious withdrawals.
Great vibe, good food, good beer list - really a hidden gem in Pensacola.  Magnolia is a very small space, with just a few tables and a long bar.  It's dimly lit, the music is old school jazz and blues, and most of the beer comes in cans from huge reach in coolers.  The space is a perfect blend of casual and elegant, the sort of palce that welcomes you easily and asks you to come back.  I went for a random weeknight dinner after being there a few times before just for drinks.  The menu is small but creative.  I had the feta and swiss chard soup (the soup selection changes frequently) and chicken salad on hawaiian rolls.  The soup was excellent, with light pillows of feta throughout a flavorful broth.  My only complaint was that, for the price, I wanted more!  (And maybe some crusty bread to go with it.)  The chicken salad was excellent in the flavor department: savory, subtle, and a perfect match with the sweet rolls.  However, I like my chicken salad to have a bit more moisture than this one has, but that's really a personal preference issue.  I finished things off with a very small dessert; a flourless chocolate cake with salted peanut butter mouse which was excellent.  It was just a few bites worth, but for someone like me who doesn't have a huge sweet tooth, it was perfect. Overall this is a fantastic spot.  I'll absolutely be back, and I'll bring friends.
Really good food and a great neighborhood bar feel. They make all their food fresh and it is great.
This place is pretty nice.  Small place, good volume of the fun old school music they play, not too loud that you can't talk, good beer, and good food.  I had the apple butter and brie sandwich and I really liked it.  I had a couple beers that were good too.  I just kept looking around thinking about how much I really liked the laid back atomosphere of the place though.
We have been curious to try The Magnolia, as we pass it frequently.  We stopped in for dinner and drinks recently, and enjoyed both the atmosphere and our meal.  The menu options are limited, but were tasty and unique.  We had the chicken salad sliders and the pimento cheese sandwich.  Really enjoyed both.  The service was excellent, and I really enjoyed the atmosphere (urban decor and classic tunes).  Beer selection was good.  We will certainly return for a bite to eat or a few beers.   Very welcoming and laid back.
