I was blown away by how great my pastrami sub was. My friend and I are trying to make it back there in time for a Rueben before they close one of these days. We don't doubt that it would be one of the best options since they run out before most of the other options. The gargantuan slice of cake, tasty and filling in itself if you have room after. We had the moonshine cake with fresh blackberries. It was really good and had to save it for later. The service is great as well, friendly and funny. I will definitely be going back until I leave here.
Absolutely the highlight of the day. Proportions are out of this world and quality is top notch!!! Don't leave without trying the cake...you will be tempted because you'll think you're too full but you're only cheating yourself if you don't at least get a slice to go.
I am not from around here and did a Yelp search. Saw it had 5 stars and said I definitely want to try it. When I drove up, I noticed the CASH ONLY sign. I didn't have any cash on me, so I went to the CVS pharmacy down the street. I bought something just to get cash. I thought, "Man, for all this work, this place better be worth it." So, I ordered the Gyro as it was recommended to me by the owner. It was UH-AMAZING!!!! All the meals come standard with a drink and a side of chips. I ordered a reuben today to go, and I can't wait to see what it tastes like. They had fresh lemondade, so I got that instead of a pepsi drink. Oh, and they have free refills. It is 1036 and I just walked out, but before I left, four different men came into order, and as I headed to my car a husband and wife walked in, and two cars just pulled up as I am writing this. It isn't even lunch time yet, and this place is already getting busy. IT'S THAT GOOD! This place is awesome. I wish I lived here. TIPS: CASH ONLY!; don't forget to look for the daily special. Its behind you when you are ordering (immediately at your left when you come into the restaurant). So, don't forget to look before you walk up to the counter!
To start I would like to say that when it comes to food I am unwilling  to compromise quality for any reason. That being said The Hip Pocket Deli isn't just a place to eat it is home. That may seem weird when you consider I only moved to Pensacola a little over a month ago. From the first time that I walked in and was greeted by Chris, I was first extremely impressed by the level of hospitality but also with every subsequent visit I have been greeted by name as soon as I walk through the door. Now a days that is not very common, honestly I have never been to a restaurant that I could expect that level of service. Next I would like to discuss the food, but the fact that this is a restaurant review and I have already written a paragraph on the hospitality should speak volumes. Every time I visit I order the Gyro Sandwich with a homemade lemonade. Before I make the following statement let me say that I have had gyros from many restaurants before. That being said the gyros that I consistently receive for The Hip Pocket is the best I have ever consumed in my 25 years on this earth. You can tell from the first bite that the meat is fresh along with the lettuce, tomatoes, and  tzatziki sauce. Everything on this gyro screams homemade authentic Greek food. If you are just visiting Pensacola or at a resident, a visit to The Hip Pocket Deli is a must. In a world of fast food, bulk sale, and businesses just trying to make a buck. The family that owns The Hip Pocket take care and pride in crafting your meal but also equally as important they take joy in making you feel right at home.
Had the gyro with lamb..  yummy.  Hubby had the club and said it was real good.  We'll come back here the next time we're in Pensacola.
Cash only!!!! Don't forget. The staff is that of a mom and pop so they're super kind and chatty but also could give you the cold shoulder. The food is wonderful!!!! The gyro is a little different but sooooooooo delicious. The meatball sub is just so excellent as well. I've never gotten there in time for the cakes but I hear they're wonderful!
Fantastic hole in the wall deli. The staff was friendly, gracious and service was great. We had a Reuben (enough for two people) and the veggie pita. Both were exceptional, well priced and the pita bread was delicious and fresh. My only complaint: the sauce on the veggie pita was a little heavy on the garlic so we were chewing minty gum the rest of the day, but it was still delicious.
Went on a Friday for lunch. Was nice and busy but still had places to sit! You order at the counter and seat yourself, which isn't that obvious. Had a club sandwich. Way too much Mayo, had to scrape it off. The turkey had a bologna consistency and that freaked me out. Bacon was perfect! Came with a drink and chips for $8+tax. Probably wouldn't eat there again unless family wants to try the famous meat ball sandwich.
Got a sandwich and a Greek gyro salad to split with my bride and the owner gave us half off the salad since he was out of chips and pickles!! Then I asked about the baklava, which is AMAZING, and he just gave us a piece for free! Gonna miss this place.
Ok, so 2 things I learned today. 1. It's spelled G-Y-R-O but it's pronounced "Yerrroh"(E-U-R-O..) For Real?? Like all these years I've been saying "Jyroh" no wonder people would look at me all cray-cray when I ordered these things say "YERR-ROH"Tiffany ugggh ...... Oh and #2 I've passed by this place 100 times and never knew this was where it was at. Totally blonde moments today. I don't know, I feel bad giving this place 3 stars after hearing such wonderful things about this place, but hey, 3 stars isn't bad right? I had the American pita which consisted of ham, turkey, cheese, lettuce, tomato, some dressing in a pita, it was good. Nothing orgasmically inducing, but not bad. The Mexi had a "Yerrr-oh" and he said it was ok. He wouldn't let me take a pic of his food. Side note. Do you other Yelpers have a Significant other who hates on Yelp.. Ughh, my Bf hates when I take pics, or hates when I want to try a place based on Yelpers reviews, (side-eye to my Boyfriend!) Anyway back to the review, it was good, but I liked the pitas at Jordan Valley on Jefferson St. better, but I will be back here to try their Meatball sub because the pics on here just looks too good not to try. Called in order, food was ready and I will say the owners are very very nice here and they only take cash but that's printed right on the door before you walk in. It was packed so I'm sure the food is really good but I can only base my review on what we tried but I will be back. "Yerrr-oh" so does that make the French Gyropean?
If you're thinking of going here DO IT. I'm so glad I went here for lunch. The gyros are amazing.
Value, service, food, and employees are all amazing. One of the best spots in Pensacola.
If a hearty, fresh, reasonably priced lunch is what you're looking for, then look no further than The Hip Pocket.  It's not flashy or modern.  You can even miss it if you blink while driving by.  But, if you do your taste buds the honor of going inside and ordering, you'll never regret the decision. The massive meatball sub, gyros, grouper fingers basket, and anything else on the menu that tickles your fancy will come out hot, fresh, and plenty. Don't let the decor scare you off.  Though it may look a bit run-down and worn around the edges, this military-themed restaurant pays homage to our fighting forces with pictures and momentos galore. Do not miss the homemade desert display at the counter.  If anything, a slice of the carrot cake is worth it's weight in gold.
The Reuben is outstanding. Best Reuben I've ever had (don't tell my dad!). Saying it is "huge" is an understatement!  I always get the potato salad... it is fresh and definitely homemade. Love that it has eggs in it! My husband and daughter share and love the 3 pound steak and cheese.  They got a huge side of fries with the sub, too, which they could barely finish! The customer service is truly the best. The owner is incredibly friendly and clearly in business to please. Hopefully he'll be able to reopen his business soon... Once he closes shop in March, we'll be so bummed!!!
If you hadn't tried them better hurry...They will be closing due to expansion of the road or something like that...Don't know if they will re open in another location.
A great local sandwich place.  It may look like a hole in the wall location, but they have verty tasty and fresh sandwiches that range from personal size to 5lbs.  Friendly staff and its very clean inside despite what you may think from the outside appearance.
This place is UNBELIEVABLE it's been in the area for 57 something years and is very well known by all members of service at NAS Pensacola. However the state of Florida is forcing them to move due to imminent domain! This restaurant needs to either be moved to a better location near by or even possibly across the street. The food is fantastic, it's cheap, the owner and employees put love in care not only in their food but show it to their customers each and everyday. I hope to come back 50 years from now and Hip Pocket is still serving their fabulous food
Went here when we were visiting our son in P'cola.  He was leery to go here with our large family b/c the place always has a line out the door. Somehow we got lucky & arrived during a lull - which only lasted about 5 minutes. We were able to sit at the one large table - lucky again. We had a great lunch - the best gyro I've ever had, and the owner was a lot of fun. This place definitely lives up to the reviews! If you are worried about the crowds, you might want to hit it a bit early or later than the usual lunch hour. Even if you end up waiting in line, I think you'll be g,ad you did after you taste their food.
Holy cow this place is awesome. They make an better muffuletta than half the people in New Orleans and the 5 lb meatball is HUGE! The owners are super friendly and the prices are unbelievable even if u didn't get such a big portion. One place I will not only visit on trips to Pensacola but can't wait to recommend
Had the Reuben today and was, as always, highly impressed! It was piled high with corned beef and sauerkraut, and the bread was grilled to perfection, with exactly the right amount of crust. The flavor was out of this world! My only regret is that I can't eat here every day, though my future cardiologist is probably happy I can't. I make every effort to stop in when I'm in Pensacola, and I recommend it to all my friends!
Absolutely terrific. Not fancy but cozy. Very tasty, very friendly. Highly recommend to stop by and have a casual quick lunch. You won't regret it. And ask for the home made cookies at the end.
First impressions of this place whenever you look at it from the outside is, it's either a hit or miss. Then you go inside and you discover a rundown shack with military memorabilia everywhere. We were greeted by who we presume is the owner who was extremely nice and helpful and very attentive. As far as the food goes; let me start off by saying that I enjoy well seasoned food. Who doesn't like a little salty savory goodness? But not the whole dang bottle of salt and seasoning.... That's exactly what we got on our Philly cheesesteak sandwich which was large "3 pounds" a very generous portion. I have eaten my fair share of Philly cheesesteak sandwiches throughout my lifetime but this one was particularly unique rather unorthodox not what I expected. Anywhere that I've ever had a Philly it's always been thinly sliced meat. This was more like a Mexican Torta because of the thick meat that looked like beef fajita. At first sight I was rather impressed by this colossal sandwich the first bite didn't let me down either, it was juicy and tender but then I got to the second and third bites and I just couldn't get it all the way down because of the saltiness. I found myself wiping down the meat trying to get rid of the seasoning with a napkin, I just couldn't let that juicy tender meat go to waste, but my effort just didn't cut it, I couldn't do nothing about the saltiness. I looked up a lot of reviews trying to find a good place to have our last lunch on our way out of Florida and I figured this place was just the place to do it, and leave Pensacola with a bang. Seven hours later I'm still burping up the seasoning which left me plenty of bad memories for years to come. I really wanted to like this place but I left rather disappointed. I do however give the staff an "A"for effort they were very welcoming. I cannot account for anything else on the menu because this is all I tried. The other customers seemed to be enjoying their meals they all appeared to be leaving satisfied... I guess I just had a bad experience. Whenever I return to the Pensacola area I would consider giving it another try (not the Philly) just because of all the good reviews it has. God bless you and God bless America!!!
Dare you to, these massive sandwiches are damn good. Gyros are the specialty, but the 5 lbs Calzone is madness.
Sad to hear that they will be closing. I hope they relocate because I love their gyros and cakes. Chris and his staff are great. They're always happy and provide excellent service. Btw, they are a cash only establishment. I'm definitely going to miss them.
Best gyro I've had in Pensacola... I haven't tried the other sandwiches because every time I go I have to have their gyro!!
Vegetarian friendly, very kid friendly!   We ate here on our way from Texas to Destin.  The owner is awesome--and the policies are so great--drinks and sides are free--and if you split one of the large subs each person gets free drinks and sides.  Kids grilled cheeses are free.  The food was very good, service was friendly, and it was just a perfect experience on our road trip!  And they have a very good veggie pita!  We are so glad we stopped here--going to try and hit it again on the way back!  Yum!
I went two or three times in a week to this place after I found it on vacation. They have ginormous sandwiches, and a hamburger special one of the days (though it tastes like there's a lot of bread mixed in which gives it more of a meatloaf sandwich taste.) The guy who owns it has been in the restaurant industry forever, and is very chatty in a good way. This is a great place to go for lunch and just chat up the people who work there who are incredibly friendly and knoweledgable about places to go see on vacation. The decor in the place is a lot of military memorabilia which is fascinating to see. CASH ONLY
The line that stretches out the door and down the block on Tuesdays is a true testament to just how tasty the Hip Pocket Deli's food truly is!!   Tuesday's special is the "Wimpy Burger".....named after the character of Popeye's cartoon fame (I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today....?)  But this burger is anything but "wimpy".  The size of a dinner plate, weighing in at LEAST several pounds....the burger is a beast, a true monstrosity!  Hand-made patties that Chris (the owner) makes up the day before, with his own blend of Greek seasonings.  There isn't much that beats the taste of this hamburger, even if you DO have to bring 3/4ths of it home to share with the family!   On every other day of the week, the stand-out favorite at the Hip Pocket is the gyro.  Fresh, seasnoned meat, REAL Feta cheese (the kind that'll leave you belching Feta for the next 8 hours), flavorful cucumber dressing, lettuce, onions, tomatoes on a soft, warm flatbread.  Used to be my Sunday tradition.  Chris is a very friendly guy- he's usually swamped with customers, but if he's got a moment he will ALWAYS make conversation with you, even if it's your first time in!   The deli is very close to the Navy base and is immensely popular with the military folks!  The interior is decked out in Navy memorabilia....so if you're a former or current service member you'll definitely appreciate Chris's taste in decoration.  Or, if you're a girl like me who REALLY enjoys a good gyro while checking out all the handsome men in their military uniforms....you'll enjoy the ambience just as much, if not more!   Only drawback for us is that the Hip Pocket is definitely NOT truck friendly (small parking lot).....but if you can find a place to drop your trailer, you can likely bobtail somewhere close enough to walk.  It would be well worth the effort, trust me!
I used to go here when I was down in pensacola for school.  Lovely mom and pops places with HUGE portions that doesn't hurt the quality and the taste of the food.  I've tried the burgers, subs, and the mother of all Meatball sandwich.  as you can see from the picture, it's almost whooping 5 lbs!!!!!!!!  I couldn't even finish 1 ball!  I can't wait to get back to pensacola to try them again! It's a small places so better get their early and grab a seat because it gets packed!
Amazing!! This lunch place is a staple in Pensacola. The food is wonderful tasting, made with quality ingredients, huge portions, and at a very fair price. The lamb gyro is my go to! They will be closing this spring due to the road being widened but are planing to reopen nearby! Not to fret, they will be back!
Came here as an officer candidate. As an ensign in API. As a JG in flight school. Now as a LT in ASO course. This place means just as much to me as any command I've ever been a part of, and it's treated me better than any! I'm sure many of my colleagues would agree. The friendly service has never changed. The portions are still... plentiful. (The meatballs still scare me) I'm thankful the fashion police still allow flightsuits here. Lamb gyro... after 5 years out of the area, you had to be my first meal! Make sure you have some gum handy after the gyro. How they make a creamy tangy sauce taste like pure raw garlic? Who knows, who cares? It's wonderful! Sandwiches are also great, you can not, will not, and shall not go wrong with anything you order. If you do, then I'll probably refund you personally. Bring cash and appetite.
Wanted badly to go in, but we simply couldn't find a parking spot. There were business on either side that said no parking or be towed at owner's expense. Because the building was small, the parking area was small. If there were 20 parking spaces, that was being generous. This is getting 2 stars because one couldn't access it without the gamble of getting towed. We ventured to Ruby Tuesday instead.
The Hip Pocket is absolutely fantastic!!! Their gyro is out of this world. All I have to do is think of it and my mouth starts to water! It may not look it from the outside, but this is one of Pensacola's hidden treasures. I will recommend it to anyone! Prices are excellent and most meals are often more than you can eat in one sitting! Chris knows his customers' names and remembers to ask about things in their lives. The customer service here is top notch (and so is the lemonade!!!)
It's a dive in every sense of the word and that's what makes it a Pensacola staple!  The portions are huge, the place is family owned and run (you will without a doubt hear all about his family and their ties to the military)  It is only open during the week, during lunchtime, and it is cash only.  Get the gyro and try to save room for a HUGE slice of moonshine cake for dessert!
Best grouper fingers...EVER!  Too much for one person...split with a friend.
Only have been here once, but this place is AWESOME!  Probably the biggest food you'll find in the area, and it's REALLY GOOD TOO. The owner is so much fun to talk to, and will let you know exactly what you should order.  I definitely need to get there again before I move. My husband had a lot of fun finishing his sandwich.   It's a really small place and is extreemly popular with the military community and students from NAS.  Only open from 10 - 2, cash only, so if you pass by and have a huge appetite, stop in if it's open. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone! I can't wait to try their gyro and desserts.
When I still lived in Pensacola, my mother and I would drive all the way across town to this place almost weekly. All of the food is awesome, both in taste and size. My favorite thing to get there was the philly cheesesteak; it's surprisingly INCREDIBLE!!! Other things of note are really good gyros and the most gigantic meatball subs you'll ever lay eyes on, but everything is great! The owner and his family are all really nice and are more than willing to chat with you if they aren't busy. It's a pretty tiny place and it's easy to miss, which just further supports the theory that the smaller and more out of the way a restaurant is, the better the food! It's truly a hidden gem and definitely worth checking out!
Had lunch there yesterday. It was packed with Sailors, Airmen and civilians who work on base. The owner was taking orders and running the cash register did a great job and the line flowed smoothly and fast. The place is a typical hole in the wall cafe that you find near military installations with military patches, plaques, flags, etc covering the walls ans ceiling. Great atmosphere for me! I felt at home. The place is clean, prices are reasonable and the food is good. Personally, I didn't care much for their tzatziki sauce (my homemade is the real deal)  and the gyros meat frozen commercial stuff. Other than that, it was good.
Get the burger that is the size of a 22' rim... UNREAL...
Very friendly. Great desserts! Sandwiches were large portions. CALL AHEAD to order calzone and meatball sandwich. CASH ONLY! Enter and park on either side of the restaurant. Fast service. Coconut cake was yummy! Found this on yelp visiting from Texas.
THE place in Pensacola to get a Gyro. I have dreams about their tzatziki.  Their deserts are pretty amazing too. You'll frequently see the owner seating tables at the olive garden.
Lunchtime?  Hungry.?  You need to come here. Order whatever you like and take time to enjoy all of the Military stickers and paraphernalia. Be sure to try the carrot cake (my wife still talks about it) and be sure to take a friend because it is about three times as large as you may think.
I still have yet to find a place that makes authentic Greek gyros as good as this place.  I always stop there when I am in Pensacola. Keep in mind that this is a part-time venture and family run.  If you want better parking and have the restaurant to be open for more hours, tell Chris, the owner, and leave big tips.  Maybe someday he might be able to accommodate. Until then, make sure you get there for lunch, and park across the street if you have to.  Eating at this place is worth the wait. Thanks for all the great food and conversation, Chris!
What's not to love about this place? Large portions, tasty food, great price. I have trouble getting past the chicken gyro. Garlic breath! Love it, great seasoning, great flavor. My husband loves the regular gyro, the Ruben, and no guts for the burger or meatball 4/5 pounders! Anyone we bring here falls in love with it too. Highly recommended for a tasty no frills great lunch.
The gyros are great but the deserts are AMAZING. Lots of great
Only been there once but it was worth it. The Giro was amazing and the other food coming out of the kitchen looked great. Owner was very knowledgeable about the food and took the time to educate about the menu.
Best gyros I've ever had. This place is great. Huge desserts for only $5!
They have the best gyro in town!   I'm sure the other offerings are equally as good and they look amazing, but I can't seem to stop ordering the gyro!
I love little dives with the owner at the register and his mom making the food!  I've only had the gyros, but after looking at the reviews i'm gonna try the burger and meatball sandwich.  As far as the gyro goes its the bomb, the only thing is its got too much garlic in the tzatziki sauce.  Otherwise, lots of lamb, fresh tomatoes, lettuce, pita warmed on a griddle and feta...im getting hungry thinking about it.  Check it out!
Found this gem by mistake. Next time it won't be a mistake. We all loved it!!!  We will be back next time in town. Must eat here!!!
Gyros are amazing! Deserts are great! You got so many fries that you can easily split them between 2 people. Everything else is a trap. Sandwiches other than the Gyro seem to not be so great to me but doesnt really matter. No point in ordering anything else.
This place in really small so it's easy to fly by and not even notice it but once you do, you will be glad you stopped in there. Incredible sandwiches and gyro's and a great atmosphere!!
Hip Pocket is a great place to go for the biggest meatball sub you've ever seen in your life! I'm talking LITERALLY 5 pounds of food. It is enough for three people to share! The owner is a fantastic guys that just makes people feel welcome. Check it out!
Have lived in P-Cola for over ten years and went for the first time yesterday. I can't believe I have been missing out for over ten years. As we walked in we ordered at the counter. We ordered a Meatball sub. They were out on meatballs. Some might have been upset about that, but I see it as they make it fresh. I will return another day for the meatball sub. We decided on an All American Club Sub and a Gyro to split both between us. The staff asked if the sub was going to be split between us so they could put it in two separate baskets. They also took our drink order which is included in price and took our name. We sat down inside which isn't big but not cramped either. The decor is Navy/Military which is no surprise being they are very close to Pensacola NAS. After a short wait they called my name and we went and got our food. I was shocked at the size of the sandwich which they did split and put in two separate baskets and one basket with the Gyro. Each basket also included a bag of chips. They amount of meat on the club was amazing and was delicious. The Gyro was hot and amazing. I could only eat 1/4 of the sub and 1/2 Gyro. We returned the bags of chips to them because we were satisfied with just the sandwich and Gyro. The food is amazing and the staff is extremely friendly. We were thanked three times for coming in as we were leaving. I give four stars now. I will give the fifth star if the Meatball sub is as good as the food i had today.
I must be missing something, I ordered the Gyro and Baklava.  The lamb is frozen meat not fresh, everything else on the gyro is extremely fresh.  The Baklava is a "Special Recipe" made with whole cashews, reese kisses, chocolate kisses (miniatures) with a thin layer of Baklava on the bottom and top.  I didn't like it, cashews were soggy.
Amazing gyros!  My mom took me here - she and some co-workers found it one day and they have been back several times!  I love that it's a dive and that there is a line out the door at lunch.  The military memorbilia on the walls gives this place an extra cool vibe too!
Great gyro.  Great service.  Great local flavor.  Just the kind of place I love!  Order was taken by proprietor in a Popeye t-shirt.  Other Popeye memorabilia on display.   Popeye was a sailor, this place is near NAS Pensacola, it all just added to the fun.  We must have had the look of newbies, which we were,  because Popeye asked if we had been there before and then explained the menu to us in a helpful and friendly manner.  Actually explanation was unnecessary because we already knew we wanted gyros based on Yelp reviews.  Yelpers came through again as we were looking for quick place for lunch near the National Naval Aviation Museum.  On the downside:  only Pepsi products available and lemonade was too tart for my buds.  But since I came for the gyro, I didn't let the drink spoil my experience.
Great food. Great service. Great people. You can't find places like this too much anymore.
HMM HMM HMM, and cheap and great environment.  They are moving so get in soon before they close this location!
Great sandwich place, delicious and large portion.  Loaded with navy decor which gives the place a lot of charm!  Anytime again for lunch!
Best Sandwiches in town.  I ate there for the first time last week. I've been there 5 times since then already. My favorite order is the Greek Gyro (lamb meet on pita bread) with a lemonade. But that's maybe because it's the only thing I've ordered. Lol. As soon as you walk into the door you get treated very well and they make you feel very welcomed. Great food and Great Hospitality. You can't beat that! Oh wait... yes you can... Low Prices.
The Hip Pocket is an institution in this part of town and has probably fed over half of the Navy's aviators in the past twenty years.  Parking and seating is limited so it's best to come early or late (but then you run the risk of the specials being sold out) and bring cash.  Credit cards and checks are not accepted and they are only open for week day lunches. The basic sandwich comes with chips and is generously appointed with your choice of condiments.  They have specialty sandwiches (meatball, muffeleta) but they weigh in at 5 pounds and are not designed for an individual.  (I did see a young aviator eat a meatball sub by himself one time!  Hopefully he didn't have to fly for the next few days.)   My standard fare is either the Reuben or the gyro.  Both are as good as you'll find in Pensacola.   The lamb is processed but the tzatziki sauce is home made and compliments the feta nicely.  The Reuben has the classic ingredients with Russian on the side and the bread is a grilled marbled rye.  Little wonder I've been unable to get out of my comfort zone and try anything else!   And yes, the portions are generous and the prices are very reasonable.  If you're tired of getting short changed by the chains with their ever diminishing portions, gather your wolfpack and carpool over to the Hip Pocket.
Great big servings!  Food is great and my hubby LOVES the Gyro. French dip is to die for however only served on Mondays. Been going for years and always full and happy when we leave. I always have doggie bag!  This is a very small place but worth the crowd and wait!
Agree with the other four and five star reviews. This is your quintessential hole in the wall dive, and it is awesome.  Chocolate cake on Thursday's is wonderful and a slice is enough for six people.  Must get.  Deli calzone is great. Lamb gyro, great. Baklava is alway unique and worth it. I live in Baton Rouge and go there anytime I'm in Perdido Key or Pensacola.  It's worth the 30 minute drive.
Great dive.  Great food and service. It is terrible they have to close at the end of the year because of eminent domain.  After 50 something years!  Hopefully they will reopen!  Come here for lunch!
Must visit!  Great owner, great food, great service!  Come support this fine establishment in its final months. The site is being demolished for construction of a road .
Best gyro in town. Basket of fries serves 3 to 4. Great club sandwich. Deserts are unique twists on familiar things and they always change. Chris ( the owner) is very friendly. Hopefully his charming mother will be there to chit chat while you wait for your fresh food. She's a keeper!
Wow! This place is awesome.  From the outside you would never know what kind of gem is inside.  Owners and their help are top notch and boy can they cook.  Had the gyros and they were over the top.  Go for the best food we've had so far.
Great Pensacola dive. Been around for years and offers the best gyros in town. Also know for gigantic desserts. Great place to eat among the flight students too!
WAY over-priced.  Good food. Large portions.  In my group we had the All American, Italian and Rueben.  Went at 1145am, line of about 6 people, couple booths empty.  Prefer Firehouse Subs over this place.
This place is total chaos from parking lot to waiting in line to order. He needs a "take a number" system because the lines to order food is all over the place and he will take people in front of you after you have been waiting several minutes or more. I walked out!!
Employees were rude and rushed us. Place had food and trash all over the floor. Food was mediocre at best. I had a gyro and it was nothing special. The garlic was so overwhelming and bitter. My sister got a reuben and said it was really salty. Disappointed.
I have no plans to be back in Pensacola anytime soon, but if I do find myself back, this will probably be the first place I revisit. This place really nails a perfect compromise between quality vs. quantity, and it had enough variety to make me come back more than a couple times. Their standard subs and sandwiches are great for a filling lunch (with enough left over for a snack), but their 5 lb. monster burger and meatball sub makes sure that you have a lunch for the rest of the week. The quality of both the service and food itself is really all you could ask for in a little hole-in-the-wall place, truly a family run place. Prices are reasonable, all things considered, that behemoth of a sub will set you back about $15 and a normal sandwich is maybe $6-9 (gets you a bag of Ruffles chips too, but let's be honest, you aren't going to need them). If you find yourself near the area while this place is open, it is definitely worth a stop in to see what a real sub-shop should look be.
I thought this place was great, 1st timer and the only reason we went in was due to Yelp reviews so here's mine. - I had French dip and wife had turkey club. I had a bite of hers and was awesome. Loved my French Dip. Tasted different but good. Hers had quite a bit of mayo on it. I normally would never put that much on but it really fit with the club! - This reminds me much of family making you lunch. It's comfortable almost like picnicking with your family just hanging out and them making you home made sandwhiches. That's how I would describe this place. Very fantastic. - We went before it closed 1300 or so. Found parking easily and no line. Very pleased with the service and food was delivered quickly.
I can never visit Pensacola without eating here. Garlic overload - I love garlic. Family-owned, and they are proud...for a good reason. Cash only, so be sure to visit an ATM before eating here!
Don't let the outside scare you off. My husband huffed and puffed the whole way on this little detour on our way to the beach.  He obviously thought this was much too out of the way to make it worth the drive. He ate his words!!! The owner was so nice and welcoming. Food was served quickly and was so yummy!  I had the gyro- best ever!  Feta was so strong. My husband admitted that this will be our new lunch stop on the way to Destin!!!   Beware the meatball sub- it could feed a small village!!
Wow this was our first time here and it was amazing. My wife is from Long Island so we've been to only a handful of great delis, but this is truly a gem in Florida! Cash only so be prepared!
cannot believe this place is getting shut down! the city is rezoning or something. expanding the road I think. owner says he plans on relocating but it could take a year! These guys have absolutely mastered their craft. Amazing food and even better customer service (guy knows my name by heart but I can't think of his to save my life right now! I want to say mike). I've had the burger, the muffalatta, the gyro (more than a few times), the roast beef and the meatball sub. the gyro is the only one I can eat by myself. the roast beef is at least a foot and a half. good to split with a friend. the others though would easily feed 4. I usually split with my wife or a friend and take home a full sized to-go box that is busting at the seams. let him know you're splitting it...he'll serve it on separate plates and throw in the extra drink and chips (always included). very reasonably priced. excellent food. and everyone is always greeted with a warm welcome. get it while you still can! o and they're only open until 2 and cash only. go early though because they do run out of the big sandwiches
This is one of those greasy hole in the wall places with fantastic and huge food. I used to come here regularly for whimpy burgers and meatball subs.the whimpy burger meat is more like a meat loaf gone gyro.i know that soumds nasty but it was actually delicious. If I remember corectly it was a 5 pound burger too. I split it with friends every time I went. The meat ball sub had 3 softball sized meatballs, all perfectly cooked and delicious. The interior was a bit tacky, but it is a military hot spot. What can you expect haha. Definitely a place worth visiting!
CASH ONLY!   Don't let the looks of the place fool you! Quintessential hole in the wall...kinda dark and dingy but we were VERY pleasantly surprised! The owner took our orders...super nice guy! The kids got a free grilled cheese, chips and pickle. My husband and I got a lamb gyro (amazing!!!!!!!!!) and a Blt (double decker,  and very delicious).  Wish we would've had room to try out one of the slices of cake.
Absolutely amazing!! From the time we walked in the owner was extremely friendly and kind...gave the kids a free grilled cheese sandwich, I had the lamb gyro (flavor and taste was out of this world!), my wife had the Blt (which ended up being a double decker with awesome flavor!). Will definitely be going back if time allows.
Hip pocket this is a place where I would go and bring my children and my friends. The food is very authentic Greek.and the owner and his mother are the friendliest people I have ever met. they make me feel like I am a part of the family I have been coming here for many years and I will continue to come to this restaurant . I hope Christoph opens up his new restaurant soon so I can eat his fantastic Greek food . Mr Walter
I just ate here today October 9th, my sandwich was absolutely phenomenal my brother Micah got a Gyro and I got the legendary Muffaletta. 4 pounds.   This place is awesome and the owner and his family have a big heart. This place also has a big love for the military.  Sadly in this day and age our military has been under appreciated, but this place knows how to give honor where honor is due. If you love America and our soldiers and live in Pensacola or in the surrounding areas come here and give it a try, you really do get a bang for your buck.   I heard this place may shut down on the 31st of January after being here for nearly 50 years, just so they could extend the road.   Let me encourage you to contact the governors office and protest that.   This place is a staple of Pensacola that stands for one of the things that makes America great. Give it a shot.
Hip Pocket Deli was a huge part of my Pensacola experience. I spent 3 months there schooling and during the first week the deli's name came up when I ask about a good place to have lunch. After having the Friday grouper deal, my classmates and I hardly missed a Friday until the day we left. We all thought the military memorabilia helped make the deli even better. Each time we ate there we found something new to talk about on the wall. The history that place holds plus the amazing food and excellent customer service make Hip Pocket one of the best overall food experiences I had while in Pensacola. Will definitely go back if I ever find myself in Pensacola again.
