Been going into the Blocks since I was a kid riding a bicycle to the old location. Classic Pensacola place really nothing to compare it to. In the old days Abe's and The Ambassador Club were right down the street. 5 stars all the way get the burger, the Barbecue was better in olden tymes. Just remember no pregnant women allowed on the stools ....
Enjoyable lunch at very affordable price. Chili was good as was the tuna salad sandwich. Great coffee and service. Nice older home with outside seating and shaded parking on the side of the house, off the street. Will be back!
This hole in the wall will surprise you. During college I worked downtown and one of my coworkers was in shock when I didn't know what he had in his little brown bag. "You've never had a blue dot burger?!" I tried one that day and if I'm ever visiting Pensacola during a work week I do a drive by to see if it's open. So, it's only open in certain days and for limited hours. but the days that you find Blue Dot open it will be packed. In all the years that I've known of this place I've only seen 2 workers: a little old man who cooks the burgers and a younger man with an Afro with a hat on...very 70s, 80s. Afro man for some reason knows exactly the order you've walked up to the counter. He comes out and passes everyone who came in before you a brown bag and takes their money. He then takes your order by memory. I haven't seen him mess up! You have to know what you want...I think there are only 3 things on the menu and you can't even get cheese. I'm a cheese lover, but the burgers don't need it! I don't eat pork, but I hear the rib sandwiches are good. I get a burger without mayo. So, my burger comes on what I believe to be a perfectly buttered bun, onion, & tomato. This burger is up there with the best burgers I've ever eaten! I don't know what seasoning they use on the meat, but it's fantastic. I do know that you can see the black pepper. I crave this burger!
As part of my food quest, we had to check out Blue Dot.... After reading all the great reviews, I had very high expectations.  Here are some of my observations: Opening time is more of a "guesstimate":  The sign says they open at 11:30am, but 11:30 is more like 11:41.  It's a reminder to the masses of who is in charge.   There is no order to the madness:  We walked in and even though we were the last in the make-shift line outside, he asked us first what we wanted.  I think there is a secret code or something and he happened to know what everyone else wanted?  A few people ordered ahead via phone which is probably the best option.   Food quality doesn't justify the wait time:   We ordered 2 burgers (with no mayo) and then just waited.  And then we waited, and then we waited some more, and did i mention we waited??.  After nearly 45 minutes of waiting, we go back to the counter and wait some more.  Nearly an hour has passed at this point and i'm all sorts of pissed.  It would defy all logic to think that asking for a burger without mayo would cause such a delay... But i would note we were the only people who asked for even a slight deviation.   When we FINALLY got our food 54 minutes later, we unwrapped the foil like ravenous animals.  We found the burger to be just "okay".  It was smeared with mustard, and had no lettuce.  I've had better burgers at people's houses, at 5 guys, at In-n-Out, at well tons of other places.  There is nothing special about this burger, and certainly would never ever wait for an hour for it.  We could have gone next door to 5 Sisters and been in and out in under an hour.   No frills, No Fries:  You certainly would never want to eat at the actualy restaurant, as it is gloomy, unkept, and just generally unpleasant.  They also dont serve anything yummy to accompany their burgers.   Bottomline:  I understand that their rib sandwiches are amazing, but i'm not sure i'll give this place another shot.
The line started way before they opened, but the line didn't matter much at all, as once you enter Blue Dot, its mayhem. There is no order, reason, only civility. But, civility doesn't mean you'll go from first in line to first to be served. There had to be a reasoning in this very poorly organized structure on this Wednesday that I went, or just something I missed. They unlock the door and disappear behind the kitchen for 30 min. However, there is a method to his madness and equally there is something I missed. As people entered the gentleman asked them what the wanted. Mr. Blue Dot, runs through orders like a knife through butter. Whilst in the kitchen he cranks out burgers and ribs, that's it, then moves down ten or twelve orders in a shot. Kinda effective, then kind not. But the masses come, there's no banter with the staff as he's working his ass off. Now for what I eventually ordered, a hamburger, NO CHEESE-BURGER! where have I heard that before? Also to pig out, a Rib Sandwich. My very first bite in there very simply made hamburger was "My God that's the greatest burger I've ever had" truly it was. maybe part of the reasoning is they cook it off on a very old grill, I heard one fellow say it was 100 years old and another 50 years old, what ever it was the age made this oh so simple burger perfect. Now, it Miami, a Rid Sandwich in the inner city is four or if your lucky five pieces of ribs on white bread. And, if your really luck you can live long enough to eat it. My rib sandwich was actually too big for me to eat especially after my burger. I took my rib sandwich to my friends house and the three of us shared it. Everyone raved about it was huge, it was EXCELLENT! I'm sure the gentleman who owns this place knows he's sitting on a goldmine. if he moved or changed it there would go the BBQ attitude, and things would never be so nice. Pensacolans will never know how organized the mayhem is and how well it works. People were nice with each other and who cares if C got served before A, some strange reason it works. If this place were in Miami, it would last a week before a gun came out. Bottom Line Blue Dot is a Diamond in the Rough!
We went to the Blue Dot after the Mardi Gras parade downtown, since we serendipitously happened to turn onto De Villiers trying to avoid traffic, ended up in front of the building, and were hungry. The menu actually is non-existent and the other reviews are correct about the ambiance and generally description of the place.  The only thing being served on our visit was hamburgers...they either had no ribs that day or had sold out.  We ate sitting at the spartan counter and the hamburgers were incredible. The meat itself isn't pressed into a hard, dry patty like many other places seem to aim for.  It was juicy and tasteful and topped with lettuce and tomato (we opted for no onion).  The barest brush of mayonnaise/mustard/ketchup...actually, there may have been none of those, but I didn't look before I ate it and I really didn't miss the flavor distraction.  The salt and pepper is sprinkled over the lettuce and tomato, which actually brings out individual tastes as you proceed with the noshfest. But really, I think the thing that really completes the awesomeness that is a Blue Dot burger is the buttered and toasted bun.  As I was eating this delightful creation, I could identify each ingredient as I was chewing.  It is a completely different sensation compared to eating the fare from larger national chains, where there seems to be a unified taste...not separate flavors from each ingredient. The place was hopping as we sat through our meal, with one lady coming in and ordering 10 burgers to go.  If you get a chance to try out this place, you should make it a priority.  It is behind Five Sisters Blues Cafe and right next door to the Gumbo Galley, a wonderful little art gallery.
Meh... cool that they don't cater to/for the masses....when the food's gone, it's gone and the menu has only a handful of things on it. The burger was just okay though. Loads of salt. Couldn't really taste much more than that. Maybe it was an off day at the grill.
Revising my earlier review of Blue Dot Bar-B-Q. FIVE STARS! Super delicious burger plus a unique dining experience. Today the owner was a bit late opening, posted hours 11:30-4:00, at 11:45 there were 16 people waiting outside. When the doors opened at 11:50 there were 21 people waiting to get in. The owner was smiling as he took about 15 orders without writing ANYTHING down. Straight up, one of my mostest favoritest places to eat anywhere!!! It is worth a trip to Pensacola just to eat a burger at Blue Dot
The Blue Dot is exactly as described: no sign, no menu, no frills! But what a classic. In this day & age of corporate theme restaurants, it's refreshing to find something "real". The restaurant has been operating continuously in their current location for 16 years, and in business doing their thing for 54 years. Isn't it just amazing that a restaurant serving TWO menus items can be so wildly successful for over 50 years! Amazing. If you are visiting Pensacola on an upcoming business trip, make sure you stop by the Blue Dot!
Blue Dot barbeque truly is one of Pensacola's hidden gems! I came here after so many of friends had such good comments about this place. If you are expecting good ambiance/atmosphere, then you can just go ahead and go straight to Five Guy's. But if you want a 5-star quality hamburger, then you need to come here. Blue Dot closes at 4:00, so come early. They don't have a sign on the outside, and they don't even have a menu. They only have two items to choose from - hamburgers, or rib sandwiches. Even though they are without frills, their hamburgers still run to about $5 per burger, and they do not accept credit cards. So do prepare your cash ahead of time. The owner does not write down anything when he takes your order. He takes everyone's orders and then goes into the kitchen to prepare your food. It's an odd setup, but it works for them. Their hamburgers really are unique. Every part of the burger is moist and delicious. Even the bun was good. I took a few of these to work the other day, and my coworkers went crazy for them.
Get the rib sandwich from here. Guys been doing this since ribs were invented.  The store doesn't have a sign.  The guy wears the same thing everyday and takes everyone's orders around the counter, goes in the back, and then comes back with your food exactly how you ordered it.  Never gets it wrong and never screws up your change (you have to pay in cash). It opens at like 1130 am until 400 pm or he sells out.  Only sells rib sandwiches on Saturday and Wednesday as well I believe.  You can only get a grape soda.  It's legendary with the locals.
First of all this place is a little hidden but not impossible to find. Just look for the brick building that has been painted blue. Its the only one on De Villiers like that. So the place is a little strange. We came about 1:30 on a Saturday and I walked in to find a bunch of people just sitting at the counter with no one actually behind the counter. So I took a seat and sat. A few minutes later a man walked out and handed out what I suppose were previously placed orders. I waited and then was able to put in my order. No menu so I went with the burgers with 'everything', whatever that means. A few minutes later he brought them out in the bag. The building is not the most appetizing place to eat so we went down to the park on the beach to enjoy the ocean. Now onto the food. It's good. I'm not gaga over it but its good and isn't really like anything I've had before. A toasted, buttered bun starts off the taste and reminds me almost of texas toast in a way. The burger is thin cut with a large slice of tomato, onion, and a unique mustard sauce. You can tell some thought has been put into its construction and someone really likes their burger specifically like this. I would recommend it to anyone, but it wasn't a life changing experience. Just much better than most other options in the area. Enjoy!
I've been coming here since I was a kid. I've moved away from Pensacola and every time I come home I go to Blues before I go to my families house lol.
Blue Dot, only the best darn burger in the known universe by Anthony  Watkins Warning: If you are the kinda person who is offended at the idea of eating a dead cow, you probably will not enjoy this note. Many years ago, when I was a rookie salesman at the downtown Ford dealership in Pensacola, Florida, somebody brought back a bunch of Blue Dot hamburgers to work (it was about 10 blks away), I had passed on them when they were taking orders, but when I saw and smelled them, I asked for directions, and went to get my own. At the time, Old Blue had recently died, (in the past few years, not the day before kind of recently, this was the late fall of 1984), anyway, I got there after the noon rush, and even though the owner is famous for not talking to the customers, we talked a bit, as it was only him and me in the restaurant. He told me his father before him, and he, since he took over made about 300 burgers, and 200 racks of ribs every morning, and slow cooked them over an open wood fire, and when they ran out, they closed up. They have been doing this for over thirty years at the time. I calculated that they had served over 2 million burgers. Blue, Jr seemed to be a little amazed. After eating my first (of many), i was not the least surprised that they had sold so many, even though, at the time, the entire restaurant was a little clapboard lean-to on the back of a beauty shop, inside was barren with a bunch of hand written signs like: "no pregnant women allowed on stools," "do not comb hair inside", and so on, and a handful of very basic bar stools, no pictures, no advertisements, no menu board, except for a small orange hand stenciled sign that had the four items that he sold, hamburgers 3.00, rib sandwich 4.00, rack of ribs, 6.00, soda 1.00 over the years, he moved the restaurant into its own place, hired staff, added a large dining room. the prices went up, with inflation, the burgers are not near as good as they were before, but they are still better than any other burger i have ever triedBlue Dot Barbecue 310 North De Villiers Street Pensacola, FL 32501-3862 (850) 432-0644
Long wait, no method to the madness. You get the burger one way and mine was dry. I lived in Southern California for a long time and this place wouldn't make it one month there...but In Pensacola everyone raves about mediocrity.  I have found the service, food and value at Five Guy's and Fries near Cordova Mall to blow this place out of the water.  Boy do I miss the In and Out Burgers and Angelo's from San Diego.
$5 for a hamburger...And terrible service.  No fries. Not including the drink.  $5. The hamburger was pretty good.  But not $5 good. Not even close.   The minimalist service thing would be charming if this place actually delivered the goods.  But it's overpriced.  And where's the ketchup?  If you can't at least offer ketchup, GO AWAY. And I guess it's supposed to somehow be charming that they don't offer cheeseburgers.   Like a woman who thinks she's far more attractive than she actually is, Blue Dot is ultimately a pretentious place with more attitude than it earns.  Won't be back anytime soon.
I love their burgers and that is why I go. They don't have any sides other than chips and they have cans of Coke products. Simple but good but no ambiance or variety.
Burger was good but I guess I'm missing what everyone is raving about. I'm thinking that even In 'N Out and Tommys burgers are better. There was a little hole in the wall called Famous Daves in Fairfield, CA that is better. Next time, I'll try the ribs.
The mystique behind this place alone is worth the visit. The whole process is somewhat intimidating. We arrived a 11:45am to a little brick front building that was painted blue. We were about 10th in line....waiting for a place to open with no sign, no posted hours. We looked like vagrants in front of a blood bank. Well, 12 passed, then 1230pm, then the doors opened to what looks like a classic u shaped Southern Kitchen sit-down counter, along with a few picnic table.We ate at 1:30pm. I am not going to spoil it any more than I already have. No menu's, bring cash, patience, and get there early. It truly was an experience. You can call ahead, but I am not giving you the phone #. You'll have to go get it for yourself, then figure out what to order yourself. It's simple, it's fun,it's good. Enjoy!
Good burger, the essentials of a good burger, lots of flavor without the dressing of condiments to make it better.  My colleges and I give it an overall 8.56 out of 10.  To read more go to nwflburgertour.com
You have to know it is there, no sign, no menu, the inside is nothing fancy... My brother & I came here, there is no set line inside you just stand around & wait then the guy takes your order & he disappears about 10 min later he comes back tells you & everyone else waiting what their totals are gets all the money then comes back with change... A very strange system but hey it works the burgers are GREAT!
This is the world's best place to get a burger.  Totally not fancy, not even fries, but it rocks.
This is my Spring ritual since the 70's: Order my burger "with sauce" (BBQ), take it to a park and roll up my sleeves. Delicious.
My office used to be right across the street from here, and man, this place is good. Best burger in town.
They have the best burgers I have ever tasted.  Blue Dot is just this hole-in-the-wall place.  Not much for atmosphere.  It's hot in there during the summers, and as far as I know, there are only two things on the menu: ribs and burgers.  I've never tasted their ribs, but the burgers alone deserve a 5-star rating.
It was a very tasty burger. The mustard sauce was amazing. I loved the fact that my bun was toasted and still retained it's crunch as I ate my burger. This place obviously is not worried about the decor affecting it's business since there really isn't any, no signs, no menus and nothing really going on, on the walls. They didn't have ribs (the only other thing they serve) since I went on a Monday. If u want ribs make sure u visit them on Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday or Saturday! Four stars for my burger and that's it.
Only one way to get your burger and only one word to describe it. Awesome!
Legit! Great option for lunch...Just do it!
Hands down, one of the most unique and delicious hole in the wall dives. Yes, service can be lousy and slow, yes, no fries, yes no cheese, but one bite of this burger and the mess that follows is an unforgettable experience. The perfect blend of creamy, meaty, tasty, salty and chewy all in one bite. Burger perfection, I wrote to Guy Fieri and hoping he will feature this joint.
Near perfection!  Perhaps isn't the healthiest burger on my list, and I don't eat it often, but this peppery drippy sandwich is one of the most amazing burgers I have ever tried.
Argumentably one of Pensacola's -best- burger joints in the city! The price is more than fair and the burgers are enormous! My personal suggestion is to call anywhere between 11:30 & 11:45am, just a warning if  because if not the line will be busy
you can get either burgers or ribs. they are both badass. call head to see if the dood is making ribs that day.
They make the best burgers in Pensacola. I recommend checking it out. Remember to bring cash and be prepared for a bit of a dive, but the food is great.
very tasty!  don't come here for the ambiance or the customer service.  if you want a good juicy burger, go to the blue dot!
There is no menu. There's no sign indicating that you're at the right place. It's not Burger King so don't expect to get it your way - there's no cheese or ketchup or asking for anything on the side. The owner writes nothing down but remembers every order of everyone around the counter whether there are 5 or 15 people. Burgers and ribs are all you get but it's worth the wait. The mustard sauce makes the burger and for a guy who never puts mustard on his burger that's saying something. During the week you might need to call ahead to make sure there are burgers and ribs left. When he's made what he's got for the day, the store is closed. Don't be SOL!
If you are not from the area, you are not expected to understand how it functions. The bottom line is... it's a great burger and the ribs are just as good. If you can remember Mr. Blue, you know he would be the first to tell you to go and eat somewhere else if you need to compare his burger to a chain. Byron takes MULTIPLE orders, prepares, distributes, collects $ and give back change all WITHOUT a note pad or calculator. Special requests to the burger or ribs (only those knowingly allowed) are delivered without skipping a beat. He is a genius :)
