While dining out upon first moving to the panhandle of Florida, it was whispered that there exists a great restaurant, Global Grill, in Pensacola.  After hearing that I vowed to go there someday but life got in the way of making that happen.  Merely two years later, I bit my lower lip with determination one evening after work and decided to make the hour drive due west to visit this famed and fabled restaurant.   The legends, my friends, do not lie.  In fact, they did not do it justice.  Sure, it was expensive.  But every bite catapulted me to culinary ecstasy as I repeatedly soiled my taste bud panties.  My date was not amused as I chomped away, grease dripping down chin, utensils splayed around the table in a wasteland of futility as I grabbed the giant meat bone with my hands, severing flesh from bone like a hungry hyena with a lion closing in, completely oblivious to anything akin to conversation.  Only days later did his displeasure even register as my memory was monopolized by the dizzying bliss of the food in my mouth.   What do you mean it wasn't as good for you as it was for me?
I love the food here it was wonderful! I'm giving 4 stars just because I guess i was a bit bitter that it was closed on a monday during our vacation. You figure most restaurants would be open but i guess not. Also I didn't realize you needed RSVP because the places was closed sunday and monday and it opens up at 5. So if you are on a schedule or vacation, you really have to do your research. I had chicken legs, the lamb pops, and artichoke. All of it was delicious! Oh also their drinks selection seemed limited? Don't get me wrong on this. They had a a good wine/beer selection but then other that that you could get a martini. I'm not a fan of martini so i was hoping for something else. I did notice other people with another menu of some sort. I should have asked but shouldn't I have been just received one instead? Plus i was at the bar! Other than all that it was a good nice place to go too. it seemed small but there has to be another section I'm unsure of it. Since it was small and closed, have conversation was a bit hard.
Really fantastic food, service, and atmosphere.  Super friendly staff.  Not overly extensive menu but choices for everyone and of the 6 dishes we tried, I can't do anything but complement all of them.   Prices are very reasonable for the product and level of service they put out.  Nice wine list.  More limited, but interesting, beer choices.   If you read my other reviews you'll see that I'm not a big fan of tapas but Global Grill is probably the best tapas I've had and worth your time and money.  I will be back.
I went here for the first time with a friend of mine; she had been here several times before with her husband. I was excited because I had heard so many great things about the global grill. That being said, please take into account with this review that we were rushed and in a hurry to eat; (tickets to a play) which may influenced things a bit. This is not the type of restaurant you should rush. We ordered several tapas, including mushroom salad, sashimi; brussel sprouts and a couple others I can't recall. Being from san diego i am fairly picky about sushi and the like. The waiter was nice but got one order incorrect; began the dinner by giving ALOT   of information about specials and literally was listening to him discuss their specials for at ten minutes straight without a break.  At the end, I felt like it was too much information, and it did not help me make any choices regarding meals. Bottom line:  if you can't figure out what exactly something is after is is described (at length because in essence, there is too much fluff) you have a problem. I found myself wanting to ask, so basically..this is a shrimp dish? this is a meat dish...? and this would be...what? I am all about fusion, interesting creative ways of cooking but my overall impression was if too complicated generality a red flag. How did the food taste? Medium. with the exception of the brussel sprouts which was very good and i enjoyed that dish. three stars.
Love this place. We lived in Pensacola for 9 years, and always came here for anniversaries and other special occasions. The food is amazing as is the service. My only complaint is that they're closed Sunday & Monday. Sucks when visiting while on vacation.
Fun experience!  Waiters are very friendly and accommodating. If you ask for vegetarian options they are very happy to assist. Wine was good!  Overall a fun experience!
Great restaurant.  You won't be disappointed.  Matt was our waiter and we were very pleased.
Best meal I have had in the Emerald Coast area. We had panko oysters and several other plates. Our server recommended many of his favorites and every single one was spot on. Eat here.
The first time I came to Global Grill, I had this waiter who was very enthusiastic and could tell you about every food and every drink on the menu. You could definitely tell that he loves his job. The BEST service I have ever received at a restaurant every single time I have visited the Global Grill. The food is beyond phenomenal and the menu changes sometimes when Chef Taylor creates new dishes. It's slightly pricey, but you get what you pay for. Sometimes, there is a live guitarist that plays "easy listening style music." I wish the Global Grill was open for lunch and on Mondays, and I highly recommend making reservations. This is a place you MUST try at least once. (recommend the lamb lollipops, the filet mignon, and the beef brochettes)
I had heard plenty of great things about this place, so I was excited to try it! When we got inside, the decor wasn't quite what I was expecting. When you hear "Global", I was thinking colorful and vibrant, etc. The decor was kind of muted and a bit dated. The carpet was hotel-room carpet. The food and the service, on the other hand, were great. Our server knew the menu like the back of his hand. He talked us through many of the dishes, and made recommendations. He definitely helped us choose. They change the menu regularly, so what I review might not be around a few months from now, but I am certain it will be equally as good. Instead of ordering meals, my husband and I just split 5 of the tapas dishes. The crab cakes with the sweet potato hay on top were superb! I am from Maryland, so I know a good crab cake when I see it, and this was it! We also had the brie and blueberries, which I would order again in a heartbeat. I was scraping up the last bits of blueberry sauce as the server took the dish away. The lobster wontons were good, not GREAT, but still tasty, as was the sauce they were served with. We also had some sort of peppercorn crusted filet with a delicious homemade worchestire sauce (the chef makes them from scratch), and a mild fish atop a corn/black bean salsa. That was probably the least flavorful dish out of them all, surprisingly. All in all, I would for sure go back, and plan to, soon!
The food was fantastic. The staff were very friendly too and the wine was excellent. A bit more pricey than we'd spend every night but for a special evening out it's perfect. We had the huge crab cake, grilled shrimp, marinated lump crab meat, pesto salmon, and pan seared scallops. Phenomenal.
BEST TAPAS HANDS DOWN!! Our waiter Tony, as well as any other waiter, has always been stellar. We go here for martinis and usually order at least 5 tapas and all share, mix and enjoy! MUST TRY THE TUNA CUBES!!
First time I came here was awesome, second time was decent. Got the duck breast the first time and absolutely loved it, but the second time it took around an hour for it to come out and it tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. It was also too salty. The second time we came, we ordered one main plate (duck breast) and a bunch of tapas (oysters, fried sushi roll, calamari, pot stickers, chicken legs, Cesar salad, tomato salad). None of the tapas were great, a lot of them were really salty. The chicken legs & rice tasted like crappy cheap Chinese food. Everyone agreed that the oysters were way too salty. We ordered the chocolate cake, creme brulee, and ice cream sundae w/fruit for dessert. The ice cream wasn't very good, but everything else was alright. Overall I was pretty disappointed, especially since I talked this place up to my guests.
Dined here for the first time last night and was totally blown away! We've lived in Pensacola for the past 18 months and had heard good things about Global - it did not disappoint! Totally kicking myself for waiting so long to try it. Great variety to the menu, and in addition to the printed menu there were about 6 additional tapas specials.  After much deliberating we went with: Heirloom tomato salad, the cheese board, beef tenderloin brochettes, brussels sprouts, and pork potstickers and calamari (both off the specials menu).  All dishes were fantastic.  Great service and atmosphere (we were fortunate enough to get a table in the front window).   Prices were reasonable given the quality, and we both were so full we skipped dessert.
The food here is amazing. But if you are a big eater I would go somewhere else or you will be paying a lot of money. The jumbo crab cake was amazing along with the salmon with pesto sauce. It is tapas so it is small portions
I have to give a credit to our waiter who told us beforehand that we shouldn't be expecting a regular tapas as they serve it in Spain, because their version of it is different  :) Food was good, but nothing really special. That day, the gallery night was about to start, and there were a lot of people  who were going back and forth through the restaurant, either to use the bathroom or go to the back of the restaurant and make their way to the parking lot behind the building. To me, it's just one of those places that I've heard about it many times, and I finally went to try it. I enjoyed my time there and I would suggest it to other people.
My daughter and Son-in-Law came here last week for their 6th anniversary and were very pleased. Since I came with Brittany to Pensacola - we decided to stay for dinner. Dal highly recommended we eat here for dinner because of the delicious food and great service they experience. Everything from the mushroom salad with Shitake Mushrooms and mixed greens and salted butter pecans and all the tapas - the. Oyster Rockefeller,Crab Lump and Tenderloin Tapas were superb - I have attached descriptions in depth. See pictures posted. Reconnect it - I will come back'
I've been multiple times now and I have to say, this is one of my favorite restaurants in Pensacola. Make sure to make reservations!!! It gets very busy, especially later on in the evening. My husband and I usually go around 6, when it's not super crowded. The food is wonderful. They change their menu seasonally, so there are always new specials. I've never had the same thing twice, and have always been impressed with the quality of the food. Since it's tapas, it makes for a great sharing experience :) The tapas dishes are small, but that's fairly typical. They also have entree dishes if you're not into the sharing thing. I've always been happy with the service. The servers are super friendly and can talk about any aspect of the menu. They are attentive without being too in your face. Maybe it's because we go a little earlier, we get nice attention, and things aren't too crazy yet. The atmosphere is lovely. They often have someone playing guitar, so there's a little music in the background. Love this place!!
Chef Frank Taylor's 10 years old Global Grill is a tough place to get in to. They accept reservations, however, this is not widely known, (prior to this review). We got in around 8PM on a Saturday thinking we'd be able to sit as the local would be sleeping. WRONG! This place was hopping and they said a 45 minute wait. We enjoyed the bar and the restaurant exceeded expectations finding a primo table in about 10 minutes. Global Grill has some of the most creative and best Tapas I've ever seen and enjoyed. I was dying to try the heirloom tomato salad and so was everyone else as our server, Libby, shrugged and said "sorry". We tried a cold spicy starter called Spicy Seared Tuna, with excellent seaweed slaw and a light wasabi aioli.  After the wonderful tuna, came the lamb lollipops, served over Israeli cous cous and sun dried tomato au jus. The lamb is fantastic, and the couscous is some of the best I have indulged in.  Last, we enjoyed bacon-wrapped lobster tail, which is incredible. Last, we split the Gooey Centered Spanish Chocolate Cake with house made ice cream which was decadent. Somewhere during the evening, we also had the duck and andouille sausage gumbo with a dark roux. Food/Presentation/quality 5 star Libby 5 star Ambiance 5 star I really look forward to going back!
it wasn't their night.......service was fine but the food quality was poor. my seared tuna was grainy and had gristle in it. The lobster wonton was cold and didn't have a lobster taste at all. the shrimp bisque was average at best. It is sad that a chain like bonefish does a better job than locally owned.
I recently traveled to Florida on business and had the pleasure of visiting this restaurant in downtown Pensacola.  The restaurant was excellent, the service superb, and the drinks fantastic.  I was there with a group of four and we all shared plates, so we were able to sample the majority of the menu, all of which was delicious.  My favorite thing on the menu would have to be the crab wontons.  They were perfectly cooked and had a very unique taste, I would strongly recommend ordering them.  I also would suggest ordering the cheese plate, which may have been the finest one I have ever had.
This is one of my top three restaurants in Pensacola. It has a reputation for pricey fine dining but I actually find the price incredibly reasonable and the food more true to that label than many who claim it. The menu is seasonal and there are specials and seasonal dishes that diners look forward to all year. I have never had a dish I didn't enjoy. They are known for their seasonal caprese in a mason jar and that is delightful as are their super fresh seafood options. They source their vegetables locally and they are also of very high quality. The service here is some of the best in Pensacola and they often have unobtrusive but nice live jazz. Overall I would suggest this restaurant to anyone- come casualish or dressy and you won't feel out of place. A restaurant where you can't order wrong- I consider that a great bet on a great experience.
This is my very favorite Pensacola area restaurant. The food is fresh, creative and delicious and the staff is amazingly attentive and knowledgable about both the food and wine. From the hostess to the bar staff to the waiters - first class all the way (Tony is my favorite - his suggestions are always spot on.). When I want to treat friends to a great meal I always choose Global Grill and I've never been disappointed.
We went on their 10 years celebration week for our seven year anniversary, and the food was delightful. It took a couple of days to make reservations because we couldn't get a hold of someone (our calls kept going to their answering machine), but it was well worth it. You HAVE to order the Bacon Wrapped Lobster Tail, I read a review before going that said "I haven't lived until I've tasted it", such a big promise right? It was true, that lobster was indeed a life-changer. And you can't go wrong with their Creme Brûlée. I'm drooling just thinking about it.
So, I was ready to throw down some serious cash for my boyfriend's birthday at global grill. I was gonna tip the shit out of our server too... But no one ever came to our table. 2 different servers walked by our small, 3 table area multiple times and completely ignored us. They brought the other tables a few different orders and even brought them more bread while they were waiting for their food to come out. We were there for 20 minutes before we finally walked out. The hostess didn't even remember us as we walked out -even though we JUST walked in and she JUST seated us. Anyway, I hear the food is great but I never got a chance to go here. Don't waste your time or money. You'll get better service anywhere else on Palafox.
Tried this place on an impulse. Went to Laundry's originally for the evening. But after a long wait & HORRIBLE oysters, my mister and I went here instead. Took about 45 min to get a table, which wasn't an issue. You can give your phone number & wander downtown Pensacola while you wait (we went to Play across the street). The Martini's are exceptional! The mister got the "Greek Salad" martini, which was mind blowing. They have feta, olives & baby tomatoes floating in it. I got the jalapeno margarita martini. Came with a salt rim. Yummm. If you like spice, this is your drink. Got the artichoke tapas, which was quite satisfying. We also ordered the bacon wrapped lobster tail... which was sadly over done. We mentioned that after our first bite, and they took it off our bill. They also apologized, saying that it was indeed stupidly dry. That's the only reason they don't get a 5 star. I'd give 4 1/2 stars just for their great customer service. Once I try all the places I want to in Pensacola, I will come back FOR SURE.
Surprisingly good!  I didn't know what to expect when we stumbled in here on a trip to the area and it wound up being some of the best tapas we've had.  We ordered a bottle of wine, 4 small plates, dessert and coffee all for about $100.   We ordered the brussel sprout and pork dish, peppercorn beef brochettes, spicy seared tuna and the sea scallops.  All were delicious!  The beef was tender and hit the spot and we couldn't get enough of the Gouda sauce served with two of our dishes.  On special was a basil ice cream that was amazing!  It was light and refreshing and a wonderful way to end our dinner. The restaurant was large, open and took up two store fronts on the block.  Despite it being a busy night with large parties, including a bachelorette, we still had excellent service and enjoyed a nice date atmosphere.
I couldn't decide on 3 or 4 stars. I went with three because two of our tapas were misrepresented on the menu, the place is ridiculously loud when full (people are literally screaming to hear themselves) and the servers seemed overwhelmed, never knew which table had ordered what... The lamb lollipops were delicious. The molten cake dessert tasted burnt, like in a microwave burnt. There is no such thing as toast points in the restaurant. The olive tapa is a rip-off. The tenderloin and Gouda tastes like the dishes we would eat in Germany/Spain, very tasty. I like tapa bars, this one is standard compared to others I've been to in other cities...
Having been spoiled with the abundance of great restaurants in NYC, its hard for me to get excited about places when I come back home to Florida. Global Grille was surprisingly very good and for the number of dollar signs I saw on this place when I looked it up, the bill wasn't that bad at all. They have an excellent assortment of tapas from cold to hot. We came here with a party of 9 and I found that about 20 or so items from the tapas list was a good amount of food. Out of the ones we tried, here are my recommendations, I can't remember what each thing is called on the menu, so ill just describe. 1. The crispy artichoke hearts were very yummy, and I'm generally a carnivore. 2. The raw tuna dish. 3. The beef tenerloin medallions under the signature tapas section were exellent! 4. The homefries dish was surprisingly amazing and it was huge so it was perfect for a large party. 5. The blue cheese stuffed filet was AWESOME. (This is a main dish) The following were so so, but I would venture to try other items on such a vast menu: 1. The pork tenderloin was ok, but a really small portion. 2. Breaded and fried shrimp with the fried noodles. This was also a tasty dish, but there wasn't anything too spectacular about it. 3. Butcher block of meats. I think I'm biased to not like this because it came out at the end of the meal. I would have definitely enjoyed this at the beginning of the meal. The service was great. Conclusion: Good food, fair price, perfect place for a date since you get to try a bunch of things.
This restaurant rocks.  A tapas place in Pensacola- awesome!  The food was amazing and the service was also very good.  Everything we had was cooked very well.  We ordered some of the things suggested by the waitress and were very pleased.  I have heard the drinks are also great, but we had a bottle of wine.  So I guess we'll have to go back for the drinks! I actually liked the decor and the art on the walls is all for sale and I think they are local artists.  LOVE a restaurant that supports the local art community!   I think we ordered 7 things and we would have been totally happy with 5 (there were 2 of us).  We were stuffed to the gills by the end.  But we got to try a lot of the items.   The fried artichokes are a winner!   We also had the tuna salad special.  YUM.  Raw ahi and albacore mixed in a delicious sauce tossed with cucumber chunks. Robust cheeses were very good.  Five cheeses- a blue, a feta, a goat, a pesto feta and manchengo. Shrimp bisque was awesome.  Not too much cream- it was perfect. Baked brie with wild berries.  Really yummy.   Pork Tenderloin medallions with chorizo gravy.  Hubba hubba.  One of the best items!  The chorizo gravy had a nice, spicy kick and the pork was cooked to perfection. Sesame garlic seared fish with Tempura asparagus.  Also very good.  I would order the asparagus on their own!  YUM.   We will definitely be back!
Second's are always better then firsties! This is the second time I went to Global Grille, and I must say they really improved. Firstly the bartender was spot on, he wasn't the same as last time, who seem confused and disorganized. Global Grille has a great wine list and I settled or rather picked a great Chilean Sauvignon Blanc, excellent choice if I do say so myself. The service at our table was impeccable, our waitress was like a character in a Disney floc, just to cute, and everything she suggested you wanted to get. I recommend getting the tapas plates, hot or cold, as far as getting just a large entree dish. You can order many of these tapas with out breaking your budget. We ordered: Shrimp...Excellent, Beef Brochette....Excellent, Chicken Satay.......Sent it back over cooked, Lamb Chop Lollipops........Outstanding and Raw Tuna...........Excellent The molten chocolate cake was outstanding too. I'm glad Global Grille redeemed itself, with a newer better bartender, a chipper cute as a button waitress and impressive tapas, Yeaaaa for you!
For Pensacola and fine dining - this is just about the only exceptional place.  I had lamb lollipops, fine cheeses, wine, and a variety of other small dishes. You can eat here two ways, one of which is the traditional appetizer/entree/desert manner, or the latter is to just order several small plates of anything that peaks your taste buds interests;  I suggest you do the latter, and experience the amazing variety this restaurant has to offer.
We ate here Saturday night.  They were very busy.  We had made reservations for a quiet table and called to say we were running late.  They saved our table.  The service was excellent.  The food very good.  The Key Lime Martini was wonderful, and the Spanish Gooey Chocolate Cake was one of the best desserts I have ever eaten.   We had all tapas and they were very nicely spaced so that we had food the whole time, but were not overwhelmed.  It was also really great to see a place where some people were dressed up and others dressed down, but everyone seemed to be treated really well.   Global Grille is definitely one of my new favorites.
Amazing food! Best restaurant in town. Great service and the food is outstanding. I would recommend getting the chefs specials! We had a couple of them and all of them were really good.
Great atmosphere, delicious food, and the staff is super friendly.  I've been there on New Year's Eve and even then, we had good, fast service.
On a recent trip back home to Pensacola my friend suggested dining at Global Grille.  I have been in Tampa for the last ten years so I have become a bit of a food snob... Global Grille did not disappoint!!! We started off at the bar with some martinis: great drinks and very friendly bartender!  The menu consists of a selection of entrees and tapas.  We decided to split some tapas amongst the three of us.  We tried the lamb chop lollipops, seared scallops with goat cheese, fried frog legs, raw tuna cubes, baked brie, brussel sprouts and the kettle cooked potato chips.  Everything was delicious, kudos to the chef! The best part of our meal was when we got the check.  All of the tapas and three glasses of wine were only $90.  Amongst the three of us we ate like kings for only $30 a person! I would suggest making reservations.  We went at 6pm on a Thursday night and every table was booked.  We managed to squeeze the three of us at a two top, but almost had to sit at the bar for our dinner.
Great food! We ordered a little bit of everything! It was all good. Our waiter Gerrod was excellent. Looking forward to going back again.
Although I have only been once (and really need to make it there again soon), I really loved everything about this place. I was surprised by the casualness of the place based on what people had told me about it, but it was fine, and we were very comfortable. I can't remember exactly what I got there, next time I go, I'll leave a more detailed review.  My husband and I split about 7 tapas dishes, and our friend got an entree.  We also all split a resonably priced bottle of wine. What I absolutely loved though, is that the waitress blew us away with her knowledge of the menu.  Not only did she recite an enourmous list of specials, but she was able to tell us nearly everything we ever needed to know about all of the food.  She ensured us that if someone wanted an entree and the others wanted tapas, the kitchen would appropriately time everything so we could start and finish all together.  And she was completely correct! The kitchen and server did a superb job timing our dishes, so my husband and I only had one or two to work on at a time, and we all finished our meals around the same time. Also, I was expecting it to cost a lot more than it did, and we were pleasantly surprised by the bill when it came (we were told it was one of the most upscale places in Pensacola). I can't be sure how much we spent, but the meal and experience was well worth it You should definitely make reservations.  It's not a place that you want to be rushed. That's all I have for a review for now, I can't wait to go back again and try out new things!
***3 solid Stars*** Ambiance- Nestled downtown on a super-cute street.  Unfortunately, Global Grille is one of very few places that is actually open and operating.  The restaurant is cozy inside, and i loved all the artwork (which is also for sale).   Food-  3 stars for the food.  Would have given more stars, but, the brie I ordered which was supposed to come with homemade toast points, was served with none other than Carrs crackers.  The manager told me that they make everything in-house, including ketchup.  I wondered, why then would you waste time making ketchup, but use Carrs crackers??  Favorite dish was the swordfish.  We also tried the lamb lollipops and the kobe steak, and enjoyed both.  Ordered the brussel sprouts and those were mediocre at best. Worst dish, aside from the brie was the bacon wrapped lobster.   Will definitely come back for the swordfish, and to try some other small plates.   Price-  Fair.  Most of the dishes were in the $10 range, however, the lobster was close to $20, and therefore, drove our bill up.  Next time we'll get  more of the $10 dishes.   Overall, the menu is quite extensive, and we will definitely be back to try more.  Definitely one of the better places to eat in Pensacola (aside from the Carrs crackers).
My favorite place to dine in Pensacola. Everything is good. My favorites:  baby Brussel sprouts, bacon wrapped lobster tails, stuffed artichoke hearts, And sesame tuna. The filet with Taylor made worchestire sauce is amazing!
Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in pensacola. I'd like to say I've tried everything on the menu, but it changes so often! Everything is so good. I wish I could eat here everyday.
Yum yum yum! I was taken here for my birthday, and was so happy with my boyfriend's choice! This place was busy, so probably would have been better if we had a reservation, but they were so nice in trying to fit us in any way they could! Dress code ranges. Some people were in jeans and shirts, some even wore shorts! I wore a cotton dress, and the mister wore slacks and a button up, but we didn't feel too overdressed, so that was good. They have many different hot and cold tapas to choose from. We ended up picking the lamb lollipops, fried stuffed artichokes, and some sort of crab wonton. It was all so good! There were so many other yummy tapas I wish we tried that night, but we wanted to try out their entrees as well. I ordered the pesto crusted salmon and was asked how I would liked it cooked. I was not sure, so I just ordered medium-well. I know for next time to get it medium. The fish was delicious, but it was borderline almost a bit too dry, but at least I learned something! My boyfriend got the filet mignon and it was delicious as well. You would think after all that food, we probably would pass on dessert huh? Nope! We even ordered TWO desserts. We couldn't choose, so ended up getting both the gooey chocolate cake, and the Bailey's & White Chocolate Crème Brulee. I ate the creme brulee right up! It was so good! I'm not a huge fan of white chocolate, but this really hit the spot.  And yes we did finish both desserts! This place is a bit pricey, but for the food and service that you get, it is worth it!
Excellent! The food is very good and the service is above and beyond! Try the tuna in corn special... It is divine! The lamb lollipops are to die for. Their lobster wrapped in bacon and the beef brochettes were not that good. Be ready to pay big bucks, but it is totally worth it.
My wife and I and many friends return to the Global Grill to dine before most major events in downtown Pensacola, and there are a lot of them. The menu just gets better, offering so much  I doubt we will catch up. Service is passionate and consistent.  Never mind the time  of your dining, it will be a wonderful meal and exceed expectations, even for those of us that make it a recurring event.
Wonderful place! The atmosphere is very elegant and relaxing. The waiters are all friendly and informative, and the manager was keeping an eye on things; the staff definitely care about their jobs. The food was simply delicious, I like everything. The Mary Jane chicken was great and I also tried the Lamb which was delicious. My table shared a cheese platter which had many good cheeses to try. If you want an elegant dinner or are looking for a good place for an important date, this is the restaurant to choose.
We were visiting family in Florida and wanted a nice restaurant to try for a night out. We were really excited about this place, as it had been very talked up by several friends, but in the end it kind of fell flat. All the flavors were good, all our favorite ingredients, but the combinations were just... underwhelming. We had the mozzarella eggrolls (read: mozzarella sticks), which came in marinara sauce, the spicy seared tuna, (which wasn't spicy at all, but was our favorite dish of the evening), the lamb lollipops (good, but more tomatoes there), the seared scallops, which came in marinara sauce, the baby lobster tail (not as good as it could have been, but it was the most talked-up item so we both got it, and didn't finish it...), the créme brulée, and the cheesecake (both good). The service started out slow, but got better as some tables started closing out. The drinks were sufficiently strong, and the atmosphere was nice. Overall, I'd go back, but not for a super adventurous evening. Go here for tapas, but don't expect to be super-wowed. The presentation looked great, and there were definitely more items we wanted to try, but after the baby lobster we kind of lost steam.
This place is a hidden gem in Pensacola. I came here with my boyfriend and we had at least 7 plates, including appetizers and dessert. The ambience was great for a date and the food was so delicious. I literally moaned throughout dinner, it was so good. The total for our 7+ plates was a little over $100, and it was well worth the price considering the very friendly service and the excellent food.   Tips: - Try their specials. You will not be disappointed. I found their specials to be better than the items on their menu. - Make reservations. This place is usually packed. - If you do walk in, do so by 8:30 because their kitchen closes at around 9 ish and believe me, you will be ordering more and more plates throughout your dinner. - 2 tapas plates as your "entree" are just as good and filling as their main course meals. - You will probably end up ordering more than you intended so be prepared to spend a little extra. Oh, and I'm almost positive this place is only open from 5 pm to 10 pm if not earlier.
Amazing food I go here ALL the time with my family! No matter what you get you won't be disappointed. Definitely worth trying everything!
One of my favorite places. The martinis are hit or miss, but the food has always been excellent. I always, always, always order the peppercorn beef brochettes with a smoked gouda cheese sauce. It makes me want to lick the plate. The tuna cubes skewers are another favorite. Those who are raw tuna fans, order these! Those are my "must haves", but anything on the menu would be great. I would go here any day, any time. It may be on the higher end of your budget for Pensacola dining, but it's nice to share the dishes with a date.
I expect a higher standard coming out of Global Grill than what I got last weekend. The beef medallions were so salty they burned my tongue. And the shrimp cheesecake actually came out to us burned! They are letting their quality control slip for sure, which is disappointing, because it WAS the best restaurant in Pensacola. Now, I'm reluctant to go back. I guess 5 years is about the lifespan of a restaurant...
This is my 'go-to' place for a fine dining experience in Pensacola.  It's quite pricey so we save it for special occasions. The lamb lollipops are a must but I must say I've never had anything that I wouldn't order again.  Great fresh ingredients cooked in inventive ways.   Service has always been very attentive and knowledgeable. It didn't get a 5 star rating mostly because of price; I think it could be slightly cheaper considering this IS Pensacola.
This is my favorite restaurant in Pensacola.  I always ask to be taken here on holidays such as a birthday or anniversary.  The atmosphere is very clean, romantically lit and classy.  The food is.. well, I wish there was a better word for amazing.  I always get the filet mignon with Chef's homemade Worcestershire sauce, and it's always been excellent. The tapas are a lot of fun to order a table full of, then sip wine and enjoy your feast of nibbles for hours while enjoying good company (heck, this place would probably make bad company tolerable!). And if you're like me and like Caesar salad, they have one you should try! I highly recommend visiting this place if you're a local or just here for a visit.
Ok, its a great local spot, plenty of friendly people, bartenders, great food ... Live music nite I was there. Ordered seared tuna, lamb lollipops, baby lobster tail in cream sauce ... All would make a french chef blush. Martinis were big and plentiful ... Dirty w just the right amount of olive juice ... All told, a great bar hang out, or a great dinner spot ... Reasonable prices ... Trust me ... U won't go wrong here ...
Good food and service here. If your in Pensacola the is one of the best place you can go to eat.
Yes, it is that good. We went there for New Year's and had a terrific dinner!  The food and experience is right up there with our favorite places here in Scottsdale.  Quite sophisticated a place and palate for Pensacola (I can say that having lived there much of my life).
This is truly the best birthday ever. Everything about this restaurant experience is great. And their Granache  is only $6 a glass! if you go to one restaurant in your life, make it this one.
Had the pleasure of eating here a couple weeks ago and I was completely blown away by the quality of the food as well as the service we received. Having lived and worked in restaurants in Manhattan before moving to Pensacola in January, I tend to be very critical of the places I've dined. I can say confidently that I have not had a meal of this caliber in well over a year. The food is easily on par with that of any Michelin rated restaurant I've been to. In addition to the food, our waiter, Tony, was magnificent. He was very friendly, prompt, and had excellent knowledge of what he was selling. I love it when I sit down to eat and my server tells me what to order... And boy was he right! The Foie Gras was glorious. The Peppercorn Beef was luscious. The Two Way Duck was unique and delicious. And the award winning Lobster Tail was super rich and one of the greatest things I've ever had! All in all, my girlfriend and I had an amazing night here. And to end it, the manager even stopped at our table to talk to us about our experience, which is always nice. By far the best restaurant in Pensacola...
Great atmosphere and friendly staff.  I had the Baby spinach salad and shared the swordfish and beef tenderloin brochettes tapas with my wife. We were still a little hungry after that, so we ordered the yellowfin tuna as well. All of the dishes were delicious, but the beef brochettes were definitely my favorite. They were very tender and perfectly seasoned. It can get a little pricey and I would say most couples will probably order 3 tapas, but it is definitely some of the best dining in Pensacola and certainly worth it.
Inspired by cuisine of Spain, France, Japan, Phillipine Islands, and apparently, Area 51. I'm still trying to evict the alien in my gut who took up residence by hitching a ride on what I suspect was sea scallops. Now let me say here and now, I loved our server/waitress/whatever is PC to call the person bringing your food - and I said right up front, "I *know* some chefs like to leave the scallops slightly underdone in the middle, but I like mine *cooked ALL THE WAY THRU*." I have no doubt that she delivered the message because she was very competent and personable. But when my scallops arrived after 40 minutes, they were distinctly slimey. But I was effin' *hungry*. I waited all afternoon to try this place and I wasn't about to send back the only morsel of nourishment within the last seven hours. My friend, J, tried a scallop, and agreed that I wasn't just being a picky pain in the ass again. With the scallops came a goat sheese souffle. Except...it wasn't. It was just goat cheese cut in a round shape style. If you have ever been to France, undisputed home of souffles...or if you have ever seen a rudimentary drawing of a souffle....or if you are blind and ever had a forkful of souffle....you KNOW that they are airy, light, super fluffy magical creations - even after they deflate. This was a hunk of goat cheese. Which is perfectly good in its own right, but I've come down from the mountain. I know a foreign word or three. My child, da Bunny, had grilled shrimp. It's a good thing "shrimp" is the same whether plural or singular, because from my angle I could only see one. Im' sure there was anothr under the speed bump of fries and Del Monte cup of mandarin ornages (really??) but she didn't complain. Don't worry, she's in training. J had mozzarella eggrolls, which is a fancy way of saying 'TGIFriday's cheesesticks.' Except bigger.  About an hour later a new person trotted out with his bleu cheese/red pepper ketchup potato chips and my tempura zuchinni in gravy. By then I was ravenous after eating only three slimey scallops and the alien inside was bubbling, but I mistook it for hunger pains. The zuchinni thingies? Meh. Greasy. His potato chips? He was spot on with his assessment of the bleu cheese "not really being appropriate for melting over chips." The ketchup was good! Still hungry. Waiting on crab cake with remoulade sauce. And edamame. Alien, be quiet. Waiting, waiting. J's lobster tail arrived, but I cannot comment on that because I do not eat lobster. I do not eat anything labeled "tail," as that end of an animal is generally next to the pooping mechanism. I just can't say much about the crab cake. Coulda come from a Phillips Frozen Crab Cake box. Which is not entirely a bad thing, as Phillips is well known for their crabs. It was decent. Edamame. *shrug* It's chilled soybeans. Coulda come out, say, like in the first five minutes since it didn't have to be cooked or anything, and since I went to a restaurant because I was....*hungry*. Over two painful hours waiting to be tossed morsels, like koi in a pond,  the alien in my gut was beginning to make his presence known. It felt like he was growing horns. *Please, please* I telepathically ordered the server/waitress, *come pick up the cheque.* But she was chatting with another table and I over heard her say..."How's the dog?" ? Yea, I know we are at the Global Grill and culinary influences from around the world are served here...but *dog*? I strained to hear more. I begged the alien in my gut to shut up so I could hear how the dog was. Lean? Tough? Gamey? "Good, very good," the man answered. I felt the alien surge toward my throat. "How's yours?" He asked her. And then they continued on a diatribe of whose dog was rescued, found, abused, neutered, getting old, etc. Exhale. By then, I just needed to use the restroom. That too, had a global sense about it, in a third world country sort of way. Who the hell uses doorknobs on public restrooms anymore? Have these chefs never heard of Typhoid Mary? EWWW! All along the door was grimey and gross with black finger smut. In fact, here and there in the rest room, black finger smut outlined walls and stalls. Definitely the kind of potty that makes you want to hover over instead of a full-on squat. But, hey - we're here for the global experience. Why not add a greenhouse with some malaria ridden mosquitoes? Skip ahead to home. Need bathroom now. Alien not happy. Alien wants to return to home planet. I try to grip to sides of the commode fiercely and wonder if I am at home or NASA  as I try to resist being launched through the ceiling with the alien using my stomach contents as fuel and thrust. The world shakes. The flames of alien scallop fuel burn my butt. He is determind to go back to Zorban, many light years away, using me as his spaceship. My butt is not happy. OUT! OUT! Damn alien!  My guts twist on the potty launching platform. Allllll. Niiiight. Houston, we have a problem.
I believe the best restaurant for the foodie in town. The chef creates amazing dishes with beauty and creativity. It's pricey but I think one of the best deals in town.
All I can say is WOW!  Not only the best restaurant in Pensacola, but one of the best I have ever had the pleasure at which to dine. Exquisite food, lovely presentation, beautiful decor, great service. I never expected anything so upscale in small downtown Pensacola and had to return for a second dinner. Very creative menu prepared with fresh local ingredients. You haven't lived until you've had the applewood smoked bacon wrapped lobster! The owner/chef has won many different competitions and accolades. I've been home for a few weeks and still wish I could go back!
Can't speak to the food.  Called this morning and was told no reservation only walk-ins available after 5.  Arrived to be told only reservations which were booked a long time ago.  No sympathy - just oh well.  So, oh well we went else where - 5 Sisters Blues cafe and had a wonderful time and meal.  So don not need to go back to a place that obviously doesn't value new customers.  Oh well!!
Since I moved from Pensacola I have lived in Chicago and now Orlando.  I must say that I have eaten some pretty fantastic food that I didn't think good old Pensacola could live up to.  I was wrong.  Went here for my birthday and the food was fantastic. Very small portions though even for tapas. the steak with the gouda sauce only had 2 small skewers.  I expected at least 4 or 2 larger ones for the price.  Only real complaint was the womens bathroom door didn't lock.
This is by far the best place to eat  downtown! Everytime we go we are completely satisfied. Food is always consistent,specials are wonderful. I just don't have one negative thing to say about this place. Definately a must have in Pensacola.
Global Grille, the very name conjure travels to far away lands by a chef on sabbatical searching or rather hoping to find him or herself in the worlds diverse delicacies, spices, and food cultures. Not unlike Julia Roberts in Eat, Pray, Love and maybe my imagination runs much too wild picturing the chef as a lost soul sharing their journey in a vagabond menu. In actuality, I read about Global Grille in Food and Wine magazine and that 2011 Best New Chef Kevin Willmann originally trained here. Notable mention in a nationally acclaimed magazine means must try restaurant for me. The dishes hailed from several regions, primarily the South and Spain if besides the plate and portion size you consider tapas to be truly Spanish. We started with two tapas plates: Oven Dried Roma Tomatoes with Feta Cheese and Olives and Peppercorn Beef Brochettes, Smoked Gouda Cheese Sauce. The roasted tomatoes were simple and flavorful minus the olives. The beef kabobs were peppery but a bit chewy and the accompanying smoked gouda sauce didn't match the already smoky, grilled flavor. Smoke on smoke? Not so much. A playful argument followed about who is the more adventurous eater over the frog legs. I argued I am claiming I regularly eat Indian, Middle Eastern, and Asian food and Dan does not. He countered, "'I'll eat it, I just don't crave it. I've eaten every strange thing you've put in front of me." recalling the kombucha, chicken tikka misala, and octopus ceviche said, "eat it!" while dangling it in front of him on a fork. He should win just for dealing with me. In the end, the fried frog legs stayed in the kitchen because apparently they look and taste like chicken wings, so why bother? Migrating to the entrée menu I choose the pesto crusted salmon rapt by my new favorite bulbous vegetable fennel. Dan surprisingly chose the Peppercorn Seared Tuna Steak with Wasabi Mash, an interesting choice for someone that claims they don't crave Asian (well Asian inspired). My salmon, poor fish, was overpowered by its pesto crust, sickeningly so. I scraped basil and parmesan heavy pesto crust off but the fish still suffered from being horribly upstaged by its accompaniment.   The bed of arugula, fennel and orzo was divine! I would have rather that have been my meal instead of feeling guilty about the salmon and having to power through it. Dan's ahi was the much better choice and well executed. Seared rare to perfection with a peppery crust sitting atop a serving of nasal clearing wasabi mashed potatoes. For added flare, fried asparagus spears guarded his meal from my soon to be marauding fork. We saved just enough room for dessert, the Bailey's & White Chocolate Crème Brulee and glass of tawny port which was red! Global Grille earns a very honorable mention in my world book of restaurants. Yes, who am I besides some Yelp-happy, foodier-than-thou untrained eater that frequently puts pen to full bellied paper. Global Grille has the chance to develop a truly global menu so it's as diverse and differently unique than the rest of the world. PS - I recommend making reservations. PSS - I love the acoustic guitar player who was craftily playing contemporary hits like Dave Matthews Band and Radiohead. Most patrons were none the wiser.
Hands down THE best restaurant in Pensacola. Birmingham spoiled me on restaurants, Frank Stitt spoiled me on good, quality cooking and top-notch service, and this is the ONLY restaurant that comes close. Any other "popular" highfalutin restaurant around here doesn't hold a candle - total posers. Global Grille knows good food and make it a point to use the best ingredients. The service is just fine for me - I always feel welcome, they know the menu, aren't shy to tell you their favorite (can't stand "salesmen servers") - basically, when my husband wants to take me to a nice dinner here, THIS is what I always want. This is where I take out of town guests and family as well. I could eat here every day. It's romantic, comfortable, not uppity or fussy, and the food is outstanding.
One of my favorite restaurants in Pensacola. The filet mignon is my absolute favorite. I also love the decor of this place, and it is really memorable. They also have cold/hot tapas -- really, a true gem.
Great staff, great location. We've gone for years and have never been disappointed. Terrific wine list too.  It is very busy on weekends so I highly recommend that you make a reservation, and yes, they still take them.  I love the Tuna Cubes and the Baby Lobster Tail wrapped in Applewood Bacon.  Great place for a first date too.
DELICIOUS!  This is a wonderful nugget of a restaurant downtown Pensacola!  Not my favorite in regards to decor, but their tapas menu is wonderful and the service was excellent!  It's definitely pricey, but worth it!  LOVE it!
I really like this place, I have been twice this summer.  Tapas plates (small servings) are fun to share with a group.  I have had almost everything on the tapas menu I think, as we went a little overboard in trying everything!  People are dressed from casual to a little dressy...not a big deal, white tableclothes but that doesn't mean dressy.  Relaxed atmosphere with beach goers looking for a good place to eat.  Will be going back again this summer.
Appetizers were all very tasty. Definitely recommend making reservations if you go on a weekend. We just tasted 5 of their appetizers and all of them were delicious! We would definitely recommend the lamb lollipops, ahi with a creamed corn and sweet potato strings, scallops with gouda cheese and their award winning bacon wrapped lobster tail. Finally we found a place where the food is cooked properly, seasoned uniquely and plated with harmony. This is definitely one of the few good places to eat in the pensacola area... :)
Atmosphere...,,they tried.  Food......okay, sounds better with the menu descrition than the actual food, service.....,,awful. Way too stuck up for what they have to offer!!!! Way better choices in p~cola!
Global Grill is an amazing hidden jewel in the south. All local and fresh ingredients with a great staff. Tony is an amazing server and Beau behind the bar really knows his stuff. Tapas are always fresh and innovative with a southern twist. I go the every time I am in Pensacola and it deserves 6 stars but I only get 5. The chef is creative and all about the local seasonal suppliers. Go!!
Great tapas, like the location and service is always good
Ate there for the first time last night... The food and atmosphere and service were all fabulous!! We had 3 people, and chose to go the tapas route - each of us ordered 2 or 3 tapa plates and shared all of them. 2 of us also had the shrimp bisque (daily soup special). My favorite was probably the cheese/herb wontons - I could have eaten 3 orders of those by myself!! Our server was great, he was very honest about telling us that the chicken satay was not up to par with the rest of the menu items, and saved us from ordering that. I love an honest waiter!! We ended our meal with the Bailey's and White Chocolate Creme Brulee - it was to die for! Why this review is only giving 4 stars and not 5... The only complaint that I have was our waiter mentioned that the special wine offering that day was a Robert Mondavi wine that was made specially for restaurants that wasn't available anywhere else for sale to the public, and that they got it at a very special price!! This was intriguing to us because we are from California and love Mondavi wines - the chance to try something we can't normally get at a supposed great price?? We had to do it!! We ordered a bottle. Granted, it was our fault for not asking prior to ordering what the cost was... but when the bottle arrived it looked like every other Robert Mondavi Pinot Noir bottle I have ever bought - nothing on it mentioned it being a special "Restaurant Only" varietal. It was a great wine - the same great wine I've had before - so we were fine with it... UNTIL THE BILL CAME. We were charged $36.00 for the bottle of wine... I know that bottles of wine are overpriced in a restaurant, and I am not complaining about that. What I'm complaining about is being lied to about what we were getting, and being charged $36.00 for a bottle of wine that I went to the package (liquor) store on base this morning and found it for LITERALLY $5.99 per bottle. Overcharge much??? The food was priced more fairly and was well worth it, my advice is to ask for prices prior to ordering any of the specials or anything at Market Price to avoid getting surprised like we did!! Knowing that now, I will definitely go back there to eat again.
One of my favorite places in Pensacola. Several visits to this place and never disappointed.
Great tapas, great service, great drinks.  We stopped in without reservations on a busy Friday night and were seated within 10 minutes.  This is one of the best and nicest restaurants in Pensacola.
Ok I took my wife here on our date night before a comedy show in downtown Pensacola. Now, Disclaimer, this place is not for the cheap.. Now I am writing this a good two weeks after we went. Our server was kool and really had great insight on the menu, I thought the whole idea of tapas is great. We tried a little bit of everything and only had to pause when we order the Fried Frog Legs, that just was not for us but the server took that off our bill. Other than that I had a wonderful time with my wife there and look forward to making another special occasion there...
Fantastic! Reservations recommended. Open Tues-Sat for dinner. Steak brochettes and New Orleans BarBQ shrimp were phenomenal! Great service and the wine bottles were not as inflated as other places. I'll definitely be back.
Absolutely amazing food!
Excellent!  Mmmmm the bacon-wrapped lobster and lamb "lollipops" were fabulous!   Service -- kudos Tommy -- was on spot. Can't wait for gooey chocolate cake and creme brûlée!
The fish was fantastic!! That was all i really ate. Amberjack, seared tuna, Yellow fin Tuna was to die for!  Seared sea scallops with goat cheese souffle and Merlot tomato sauce.  Great wine selection.  Our waiter was knowledgeable with the specials and we tried them all. Wonderful dinner date place. I love Tapas and the portions the dishes come in.
The tuna tapa special was very good. Great live music. Mellow atmosphere. Good place for a nice date.
Great food and service.  Lots of choices in the Tapas section and some really good desserts as well.  Not badly priced either when you consider the quality of food.
I love tapas, so that was why i picked this place for my last night in Pensacola.  Very nice ambiance, service was just okay.  Food is served with great presentation, and I liked the variety and creativity of options.  Started with a pineapple martini, which was tasty.  Dinner consisted of a variety of tapas, including seared tuna over a bed of creamed corn, veggies, and sweet potato hay.  Pretty good.  Also shared blue crab chili relleno, which packed a good amount of heat and was full of crabmeat.  The tuna skewers were tasty, and served in a sesame vinegarette.  My disappointment was the scallops. They were on the small side, and were just okay tasting to me.  Overall though, the portions were very nice.  I also like that you can totally get dressed up for the place if you like, but won't get turned away if you're not.  Just as we were leaving, the live music was about to start.  Will have to catch that the next time I'm in town.
Always am amazing experience. Accommodated special seating request. This time we had:  Heirloom tomato salad, bacon wrapped lobster tail, Boursin cheese stuffed fried artichokes, tempura asparagus, baby brussels, lamb lollipops with Israeli couscous cake, gooey chocolate cake, and fantastic martinis and a nice bottle of wine. We've always been thrilled with the food and service. Be sure to make rez's on weekends. We like to park behind the building and enter through the back.
This was one of the places I had been wanting to visit in Pensacola. It did not disappoint. It has great ambiance and is comfortable. There is always a crowd and the waitstaff is friendly and knowledgeable. I was there twice in 5 days and tried several of their menu items. The bacon wrapped lobster tail and macaroni and cheese with shrimp are to die for. The chicken satay, lamb lollipops and crab cakes aren't bad either. The baby spinach leaves salad with pine nuts and blue cheese is light, refreshing and appropriately dressed. I haven't had their steak, chicken cordon bleu or dessert yet...but I'll be back!
Absolutely amazing. A culinary student myself I can only wish, hope, and dream to have such a delicious successful restaurant! Originally from Philly, I lived in Pensacola for 3 years. If I could have ate here every single night I would have. My girlfriend has a difficult food allergy and they catered to her every single time which is more than appreciated. Our waiter, Tony, was educated and passionate about the food and the wine without being snobby in any way. PLEASE go to this restaurant you won't be let down.
I have been to many a tapa restaurants in NYC and California, so I have quite a bit of other restaurants to compare them to. We made a reservation, even though the day we went wasn't busy at all. Our waiter was super attentive, which we were glad to see, after experiencing a quite unpleasant waiter at Jackson's. The tapas were superb and were on par with tapa restaurants in larger cities. The Lamb Lollipops were so delicious and succulent, and the panko crusted kind of reminded us of Japanese Katsu. For our entrees, we decided on the Peppercorn Tuna Steak and the Roasted Duck Breast. I was expecting my Tuna Steak to be cooked fully, but when it came seared, I decided to try it. I usually don't like sashimi, so I was kind of scared about slightly raw fish. It was a good thing I ordered it, because it was still delicious being half raw! After finishing our entrees, our waiter suggested the Spanish chocolate cake, which even managed to lure my wife into eating, and she usually doesn't even like sweets. If you ever get to visit, make sure to bring your big boy AMEX. It's definitely not cheap, but totally worth it.
The food was average as far as tapas go, the best being the lamb lollipops followed closely by the fried asparagus.  Some friends recommended Global Grill I can only assume because they believe over priced small portions equal a fine dining experience.  I beg to differ, especially in this case.  Many reasonably priced restaurants grace the Pensacola area and offer far superior fare.  I recommend Hemingway's.  You'll leave satisfied vice wanting a burger as soon as you step out the door.  The miniscule amount of food on the plates was indirectly proportional to the high volumes of money that left my wallet.  This however was not the most offensive part of my first and last trip to Global Grill.  My party of ten that had shrunk to four throughout the course of the evening was told, by the hostess, that another party was waiting on the table so we needed to leave.  I asked to see the manager as this had never happened to me before.  I was unfortunate however because instead of a manager the owner Jane Taylor came to the table and essentially reiterated what the hostess had said.  I was hoping for more from an owner as they generally try and encourage return business.  I looked around wondering, "how big is this party?"  There were several empty tables and it was 8:30 p.m.  Jane never offered to move us to the bar or another smaller table to free up the larger table, but instead stated that the member in our party that had made the reservation was given an end time to our reservation.  She (the girl who made the reservation) stated that was not the case.  I tried on our way out to see if I could de-escalate the situation with Jane.  She insulted the girl who made the reservation again by saying she should tell the truth when she is sober.  Additionally, Jane said she would call Monday to discuss the matter further.  The call never came.  Obviously Global Grill is surviving on past performance.  Currently, they are in dire need of a better chef and customer service.  The one bright spot in the customer service arena was our server Jarrod.  Bottom line, your palate will thank you if you avoid Global Grill in Pensacola Florida and so will your wallet.
Always different and delicious!
I agree with Chris, I live in New York and am thus quite spoiled in an abundance of great places - I come to Pensacola to visit family and always seek this place out.  Good selection of Tapas and a great atmosphere with friendly service.
This is by far the best restaurant in this area. By "this area" I mean from Gulf Shores, Al. to Pensacola Beach. I came here for  my birthday with about ten people. We ended up just ordering as much as possible and passing it around so everyone could try everything because ALL of it was so delicious. I have dreams about this place. Highly, highly recommend.
Went tonight for the first time, on a friend's recommendation. Both service and food were outstanding. The place was slammed, as it was Gallery Night, but our waiter, Tony, never missed a beat. We ordered his recommendations and were not disappointed. The special triggerfish tapas was the best ever and their tiramisu was the perfect ending to a great meal. We will definitely be going back.
We eat there regularly baby lobsters in cream sauce and fried asparagus  both are great favourite waiter is Sam !'!!!! Great drinks also ! Great place to impress a date
We ate there last Saturday night.  Very busy but great food!  We primarily had tapas.  The lamb lollypop is to die for!  Dress ranged from very up scale to casual.  The only negative comment I could make it is very noisy.  Don't got there for an intimate conversation.
