We went there twice during our stay. The family was super happy with the food, even the meat eaters, as just one of us is completely vegan. The Sunday brunch was delicious, and the coffee and tea to die for!
We went on Sunday afternoon around 1 and they apparently only serve a set menu brunch until 2. Well, they ran out of food! I understand they are a small business, but at least turn your signage off and post that you are out of food. I felt like Pretty Woman when they turned her away at the expensive clothing store. "Big mistake, huge!"
My wife and I really liked this place. She is allergic to dairy and could enjoy several creative dishes with fake cheese. She absolutely loved the "cream" of celery soup. I ordered the special of tempeh bacon quesadilla and they were also excellent. I did have a cupcake that was kind of dry and unspectacular, but I feel that the food here is creative and not everything will work all the time. Highly recommended. Oh, and don't be put off by the dark street surrounding this place; it seems unwelcoming but once you are inside everything is quite hospitable.
I'm not Vegan, but who doesn't love good grilled veggies? :)   Nice vibe in here.  Def would return. Atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but food was flavorful & tasty!
I am not vegan or a vegetarian. I ordered the special of the day, which was the tempeh tacos and got the side dish of quinoa. The flavor was amazing! There were three small corn tortillas, but it was extremely filling. I also ordered the organic pumpkin lager beer (very delicious) and the Thai coconut tea... I agree with the others... You have to try it! I'll def be back for the Sunday brunch and any other time I can make it over. Total price: ~$16
There is nothing like it in Pensacola. It is one of a kind and can hold it's own to any vegan restaurants I have been to in California. Healthy, reasonably priced and surprisingly really good food. However, don't expect great service. The owner is a fixture there, she is not very friendly and you do clean your own table. It is dog friendly in the back and they do music some nights.
Amazing vegan brunch, and I am a rare steak, chicken wing loving gal! Though I was skeptical, I tried their vegan brunch  (served only on Sundays). I was enchanted with the tasty and varied offerings on the set menu, which changes every brunch: baked potato soup with bacon bits, portobello steaks and tofu fried eggs over cornbread biscuits with hollandaise, blueberry French toast minis, cheddar grits, pepper vinegar greens with caramelized peaches and onions, spring salad with balsamic, and lemon poppyseed cake with blueberry sauce.  U get all of that for less than $15! Also, there is endless mimosa for $5.... Basically this place is my new obsession!!!!
The food is great even though I'm not a vegan. I love Mediterranean  style food and this place has a good selection. The veggie panini filled me. The atmosphere and the staff is friendly. Free wifi too
I have eaten here severally times and the food is awesome. Only wish they had a veagan burger. The Reuben is my favorite. Had the pumpernickel club today and it was so good. Also had the olive bread and was as always awesome.
No one does Sunday Brunch and Thursday dinners better! You leave full and not hating yourself because you ate something delicious and healthy.
Love it.  Great food, great service.  We enjoyed the "Bluegrass Night" music. Very friendly staff.  We hope to visit regularly when we are in the area.
One of my favorite places to eat. It's Vegan!!!! Yeah!!!! I don't have to ask stupid questions before I order. The menu speaks my language, the vegan language of love. No hidden eggs, no sneaky meat, no cow cheese sprinkled on top of my food. Everything is pure vegan heaven. WARNING: BRING CASH!!!! and It can be slow if they are busy. Sit tight, sip your tea near the giant windows and stare at all the carnivores driving by and be bathed in the warm light of clean eating.
This place is so good!! I'm a vegetarian, my partner is not.  We had the tempeh tacos and the meditation wrap.  Great spices in the tacos and they make some yummy cheese. The wrap was amazing, I totally want another one right now!! Nice staff and cute decor, lots of natural light.  I am visiting Pensacola and hope to eat another meal here before we go!
End of the Line Cafe serves up tasty coffee drinks. I'm a fan of supporting any local business that doesn't have Star or Bucks in the name that serves coffee. So if for no other reason than that, make this your new favorite stop for coffee downtown. I had the chai tea served cold, which was outstanding. They also serve a full menu, so there are all sorts of tasty options to choose from. Based on other Yelp reviews, I surmise that they are a vegan restaurant. I'm looking forward to going back for lunch!
I am not a vegan. Or a vegetarian. However, this one of my favorite meals on the gulf coast. We make group trips out to Pensacola from Mobile, Alabama JUST for the brunch. and the beach. But the brunch is equally impressive. The flavors are right on and you really don't miss the meat. Complete with a cup of soup, entree, and dessert, ($15) it's the perfect way to start your Sunday beach day. Also, bottomless mimosas ($6 ?)  Coconut milk Thai Iced Tea = the bomb. Seriously, I love this place. so much. The owner/chef is a very talented lady. Open one in Mobile! Please!
This is a nice Vegan restaurant with a lot of character and charm. The whole charm of this place is from the mix of alternative clientele, recycled furniture, and up-cycled decorations. The bathroom stalls are hand painted with a retro geisha style design and right before you enter the bathrooms (which are located in the back of the building) you'll notice a small music stand where a man sits with a pair of head phones on...waiting to sell vinyl records. This is located only a few blocks from downtown Pensacola and is directly across the street from the Crown Plaza hotel. If you work in the downtown area, this is the perfect spot for a quick lunch! Every meal I've ordered has been delicious but I suggest the "Mock-Egg salad" or tofu "BLT" sandwich! They offer free wifi, sometimes have live music and poetry nights (check their website for updates).
Went to Pensscola on vacation and ended up eating every meal here!!! We wanted to try everything on the menu, it was heaven... The Reuben was to die for
Absolutely loved all the food they had here.  My eife and I had the Cuban and I had the portabelo wrap.   They even made a special salad for my 4 yr old.  Friendly service and great food is a formula for success.  We will be back!
Very very casual almost live in casual.  Not a vegan but enjoyed the fare. Great selection of beer
Stopped in here with my boyfriend while visiting him from Texas. We ordered both of the day's specials, a portobello mushroom wrap and black bean tacos with pink potato salad, a beet slaw, quinoa tabouli, and pasta salad. We expected to be taking some of this food to go, but wound up devouring it. The portobello wrap had a delicious garlic aioli and I've already tried imitating the wrap at home. The tacos were tasty and the beet slaw was addicting. The only thing we really didn't like was the pasta salad. It was painfully plain. I felt bad for the poor little pasta salad as it was the only thing left almost untouched. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Even the restroom was quirky and fun!
I'm not vegan, but this place was great.  The decor sort of made me feel like I was in Goodwill, but some people like that.  I had a lunch special which included a salad (really good) and a frittata.  The waitress screwed up the order, but her sincere apology made up for the mistake.  Not going to lie, I got REALLY sick once I got home, I'm pretty sure it was the frittata- I'm just not used to things cooked in so much oil (but that's my fault for ordering it).  I'll go back again some day... when I'm feeling really artsy and just want a salad.   This town needs more places like this!
What a wonderful find on my vacation here!  So glad to find refuge for my vegan self and leave a place feeling full and satisfied!  Great quality food, the service was friendly and I liked the laid back atmosphere.  Their cheeze is amazing, had the quesadillas and a dinner salad!  I would definitely recommend going here to all, regardless of whether you are vegan.
over priced and I had to clean my own table but the food was really good. I would eat there again.
Too bad there are not six stars cause this one deserves it! From the hand me down furniture to the tatted alternative kids working here EOL is absolutely right on the mark for what it is. I love taking my friends wih have never had Vegan Food here as the tiptoe in not really knowing what to expect. After the eat it is always the same blown away look. Sometimes it takes a moment to. Get your order but remember this ain't Macedees.
I read so many great reviews about this place so I finally decided to get up and go. At first glance this place looks adorable. Very hip with good indie music.  Reminded my husband and I of our favorite Gainesville hangouts. I ordered the knuckle sandwich with the side of potato salad. My husband got the burrito with thai tea. His tea came first and we were NOT impressed. It tasted very.... off. We couldn't pinpoint it. The tea itself tasted pretty odd and weak, the coconut milk tasted sour, and all together it was not sweet at all. On to the main course: the knuckle sandwich. It looked divine!  I was very impressed with the presentation. At first bite it was quite nice. The textures all melded together perfectly. Until I ate some more. The tofu itself was extremely salty. It honestly just tasted like plain soy sauce. On the menu it said the sandwich came with bacon. BACON? There was no bacon. Only a salty slab of brown cardboard. It was terrible whatever it was.  And very chewy.  Though I will say the tomato and bread were tasty. Now about the potato salad,  good thing I like beets because this salad was mainly beets and nowhere did it say on the side menu that there were beets in it.   My husband's burrito was terrible!!! There was absolutely no flavor and it was just plain black beans inside.. That's all. No seasoning. Nothing. Nothing but a slightly off taste. When we went to leave the waitress disappeared and didn't even say goodbye or anything. Crappy service honestly. What a disappointment. The decor and food presentation offered such promise but the food was a massive letdown.
Always fresh and delicious food on the menu. You don't have to be vegan to enjoy it; just be adventurous. You won't be disappointed!
Fantastic find, I had the special-portobello wrap and it was delicious. Coffees are great too, I love this place!!
Vegan food in a nice, quaint location. The food is delicious and the staff is all super friendly. In addition to a great menu with the perfect portions, the owner also does special requests and vegan desserts if you order in advance. She makes fantastic food and desserts! Moreover, it's made fresh to order. Just an overall fantastic place whether you're vegan or not!!!
A friend of mine referred me to End of the Line Cafe' as a place to go and check out.  I went not knowing what I was walking into..... I ordered the Mezze platter.  It had dulmas, warm pita bread, hummus and tabbouleh.  I chose this platter over anything else that was on the menu because I am not familiar with Vegan food, 'fake bacon', I get confused at that point.  I need to know what my food contains.  I'm glad i made that choice because the hummus was the best hummus I've ever eaten, and I have a Lebanese and Iranian best friend while living in Houston they had me eating middle eastern food  two days a week.  The dolmas were the best dolmas.  The tabbouleh was really good, I enjoyed all of it.  The hummus just blew me away.  The platter was on the large size because I got full quickly and still managed to finish everything after 2.5 hours of studying.  I also ordered the Thai tea.  It was delicious.  It was made fresh.  You can add coconut milk, dairy or soy.  I honestly haven't stopped thinking about the Thai tea and can't wait to go back. I like that I can order my brunch and study for how ever I like without feeling like I'm intruding, it still has that coffee shop vibe. The decor hasn't changed much since last time I visited when it was Van Gogh's.  Still unique and very colorful.
I just had the Thursday dinner tonight. It was chicken fried tofu, mashed potatoes with gravy, corn, fresh cole slaw, salad, and a gluten free strawberry shortcake for dessert. It was amazing! I am completely stuffed and happy. The food here rivals any vegan restaurant in the Pacific Northwest (aka veganopolis). You can tell everything is made with love. The atmosphere is really relaxed and welcoming. I hope that the End of the Line is around for a very long time.
A week in the panhandle and I need to get away.  Where can I find a decent cup of coffee in a place that is low key and chill...This is the place.  Great coffee, kitchy atmosphere, good music, nice folks and good vibe.  A little piece of the Bay right here on a different coastline.  Plus they serve vegan cuisine and will deliver it by bicycle.  What more can you want when you are fighting the jellies in the water?
Tried the summer wrap, very tasty! Always love another vegan restaurant that does a good job mixing it up. Eclectic mix of traditional vegan and a few surprising additions such as their muffaleta. I hear the brunch is awesome, with bottomless mimosas to sweeten the deal! I'll be coming back on a Sunday to check it out!
I was blown away! I've been to tons of vegan places and this is the best by far. Great coffee, chai, and falafel. I got the surfer burrito which was good but not great. Lots of parking and the prices are very reasonable. Will definitely become a regular place for me. My favorite part: they didn't over season.
This is as good as it gets for Vegan food.  We are very fortunate to have this quality restaurant in Pensacola.  I go for the Thursday dinner and for Sunday Brunch.  I have not been disappointed yet.  The food is delicious, locally sourced when possible, and is very creative.  Meals are well balanced and always include a soup, salad, bread (biscuit, muffin or roll) and dessert to accompany the main dish.  Coffee or tea is typically included with brunch or dinner.  Prices are very reasonable.  The atmosphere is what one might expect of a Vegan eatery, simple and unpretentious.  I have eaten at a number of Vegan restaurants around the country (and a few in other countries).  The End of the Line Cafe compares very favorably to those.
The owner has a permanent smile on her face. The food is real vegan and REAL good! The prices are unbelievable (So low I had to ask "are you sure?"). They do not accept cards, but I think that's what keeps the prices so low. Everyone who works there is awesome!
Hooray, vegan food on our vacation! The food was good (vegan ruben sandwich) but portions are skimpy. But it is cheap. Good coffee, nice relaxing boho atmosphere. It was a nice break from the beach front thing.
I'm not a vegan, nor do I particularly care for vegan food (though I wouldn't avoid it either).  That said, this place was really tasty!  The food was a little slow in coming (they're pretty chillaxed there) but overall, if I lived out in Pensacola, I would definitely be coming back.
I have been here twice in my life, both on days off while on tour as we're stopping through Pensacola. This is truly as good as it gets for this small beach town. While I've never eaten here, their food looks and sounds delicious! The coffee and espresso is terrific and the folks here are very friendly. It's the one saving grace of Florida... yes, the entire state. Definitely swing by. They also do specials like raw dinner, Sunday brunch, and cooking classes. BACKED.
A cute Vegan cafe!! I was here for dinner with friends and it is such a cozy and warm place. We had the vegan dinner which was a fixed menu but it was yummy!!! Their soup was awesome and loved the dessert!! There was lot of food and this place is pretty inexpensive. It is cash only though. Overall, It was fresh,healthy and tasty.
This is a fantastic vegan place.
Great little hole-in-the wall that has wonderful vegetarian meals. They usually have a great daily special
thank God for vegan joints in random places on our road trip.  we ate the special breaded tofu with olive salad atop fresh greens and mega good dressing. big and filling. we also had cuban sandwich with pink potato salad. yuuuuuuuuuuum. good combo of flavors. bravo!
Awesome brunch. Everything I had was excellent. The first time I came here I was turned away because they were about to close but my friend took me back and the food was really good. The staff could work on their customer service but other than that I would recommend it.
Delicious!  Excellent quality vegan food prepared with love in this coffee shop atmosphere.  Non-vegans would enjoy this place too, because the dishes are tasty.  I enjoy going there for the Sunday brunch.  This place is better than Sluggo's, and rivals with top vegan restaurants in major cities.
EOTL is a fantastic place to grab a tasty, healthy meal, and at a reasonable price. The serving sizes are reasonable, and they're certainly enough to fill, though, if you're accustomed to Denny's you might be disappointed in quantity. The atmosphere is relaxed, and everyone that works there is friendly, helpful and accommodating. The Sunday brunch is fantastic. Their coffee and teas are great. Almost everything they serve is certified organic, so their prices are inherently a bit higher, but again, definitely reasonable.
