I have only eaten their fried chicken, and I don't plan on ordering anything else there again. The only fried chicken better than this is homemade by someone who knows what they're doing. I'm pretty sure there is no restaurant as classy and tasteful that serves A+ fried chicken like this.
My fiance and I were excited to try Five Sisters for the first time today, unfortunately the decor was the only thing to be excited about. After we were sat our waitress showed up promptly to take our order, she was nice enough, didn't seem very enthused about being there, but I wont hold it against her. I ordered the pot roast with mash potatoes and green beans, my fiance got the fried chicken with corn bread stuffing and cheese grits. He said his chicken was moist, but that was about the only good thing about his meal. He also mentioned that he felt like everything had been sitting under a hot lamp all day and was just microwaved, his stuffing was pasty yet dry as well. Poor guy has been in the restroom for the past hour, something he had eaten made him very sick. As for my pot roast...  I love pot roast, I try it every time a restaurant has it. I felt boarder line offended by what the waitress put in front of me. 2 perfect squares of meat with a tiny drizzle of gravy on top. Not only was the meat not fall apart and melt in your mouth, but half of one of the pieces was pure fat, therefore inedible. Where was the flaky tender meat? Where was the gravy? And where were the veggis? My green beans were canned and had a weird flavor, the mash potatoes were dry. Long story short, Denny's has better pot roast and KFC has better fried chicken. Hope my fiance can get out of the restroom in time for our date tonight.
Chicken and waffles are awesome. Staff is good. But hostess asked us to move inside even though we wanted to sit outside.
Turkey with cornbread dressing and lots of sides to choose from. I chose mashed potatoes and a salad. Salad was colorful and well presented, potatoes were really good too. Service was excellent - The bussers were awesome, quick to pick up empty bowls, plates etc. great value and good food!
This place is hit or miss.  Sometimes the food is delicious and sometimes it might as well have been a TV dinner.  I've had chicken before that tasted like it was breaded in sage and I'm not a huge fan of sage.
Was more than i expected. The hospitality and patience of our server Alden G. was exceptional. Will definitely be back. The rolls, and anything seafood or cheese grits is amazing.
Fried chicken! Da bomb. Wifey couldn't finish it but I wasn't scared, took care of it. Had the cheese grits for the first time and it was better than it sounds. Prices are good. The only downfall was it was too small inside for a band to be playing.  Couldn't have a conversation while the band played but at least the music was good. A definite try if you're in town.
We had the seafood platter and it was a let down. The oysters tasted very fishy and the hush puppies were hard as a rock. The service was great, but the food left a lot to be desired. The blackened catfish was decent.
Me and my husband is visiting from phoenix, AZ and decided to try this place after viewing the reviews. Is was very yummy and exactly what we were expecting. I had the fried chicken, Mac & cheese & green fried tomatoes. My husband had the catfish basket with red beans & rice and black eyed peas. Everything was delish.  :)
We got here just after opening in the morning for brunch and it was already a full house! The weather wasn't too bad so we got a patio table. It was very casual, the music was great & our server was really friendly and attentive:)) I had the 1/4 lb. burger & my husband got the Reuben. Both delicious! My 3 yr old enjoyed his chicken tenders, fries & fruit:) We are still trying to find our favorite local spots & I think this might be one of them!:)
I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Everything is just so delicious. Do yourself a favor and visit this restaurant and eat some ridiculously good food. The chicken is awesome. The sides are all awesome. The deserts are amazing. The mint tea is delicious!!! The staff is great. Service is great.
Service is really poor. My husband and I eat here a lot. But service is always bad. Very rude manager told us that our coupon (the one from the book that kids sell for fundraisers) they wouldn't accept on Sundays. Even though it doesn't say that on there anywhere.  They didn't mention this at the start of the meal and our waiter said he gets this all the time. Manager didn't even sound real as if she was reading a script. Said the 'computers' wouldn't let them adjust it. Anyone in service or retail knows that registers will let you do whatever you want. No smile or anything then walked off. We sat there stunned. Even watched her tell the story to other employees at the front desk while we waited for the check. Booooo her. If it wasn't or the music, booze, and food we wouldn't go back. I do love their blueberry bread pudding. Best I've ever had. I will certainly go back but will always avoid her.
This place was good when they opened, but it is scarcely better than cafeteria-quality food at this point.   No self-respecting Southerner would dare serve what they call "cornbread dressing".  It is simply a very dry abomination of salt and sage, with "just-add-water" brown gravy that does more harm than good.  It is disgusting, and NO ONE in the south serves brown gravy on cornbread dressing.  Or on a country fried steak.  And they pour this crap on both of those items. Last time I was there, the macaroni and cheese was traffic-cone orange and clearly a powdered cheese product from a box.  The collards are good, and I believe they cook them in-house. The candied yams were positively inedible. The chicken is okay, but honestly not the "award-winning" delight they market it as. I've had MUCH better fried chicken in town. (I'm looking at you, Four Season's Cafe.) The atmosphere is nice, but the sound level is deafening, particularly with a full house.  And I mean, like, you can't even speak to the person sitting beside you at your table.  It's a cacophony of reverberation that could probably be fixed with some acoustical tile, but they never have. In short, you will get a meal that fills you up, and some parts of it will be kind of good, but the majority of it is tired, like they just gave up. This is NOT "soul food" and this is NOT "southern food". (If you really think it is, then you have clearly not eaten good southern food.) It was in the beginning, but it's basically Morrison's Cafeteria at this point. And honestly, that's an insult to Morrison's.   I would go elsewhere.
Best fried chicken, cheese grits, and green beans in Pensacola!! Perfect ambiance. Excellent service. We were too early for the jazz band but we best the rush! Cobbler is to die for. This is now one of our all-time favorite restaurants!
Love the food and it took years before I finally tried the burger.  What can you do with a burger I thought- wow, I was wrong.   Jalepenos, bacon, ham, eggs on top of a thick well cooked burger -what more can I say.  U have to try it. Beware of the large burger.  The waitress offered good advice by telling me she doesn't know what to do with it.  The smaller size was just right.
I went to Five Sisters for the first time this past Friday. It was a great experience! The food was amazing! The food was just as delicious as it was gorgeous. Trying to eat a little healthier, I had the blackened fish with green beans and sweet potato fries. Unfortunately, unless you count fried okra, green beans are the only veggie they have so I went with the sweet potato fries. Everything was delicious! I even stole a piece of a friend's fried chicken (to die for.) This is a really great place for some southern food, live music, and fantastic service too. I will definitely be back and hope to see you there!
Great food. Enjoyable live music. Laid back environment. Next time we are in Pensacola, this place will be a stop for us. Get the blueberry bread pudding. Tastes like the King Cake bread pudding you can get in New Orleans around Mardi Gras.
Fried chicken is amazing according to my husband! Cheese Grits were SO smooth, not gritty. You can tell they had good cheese in them, not processed velveeta. Great beans definitely taste southern, delicious! Pineapple Cole Slaw was surprisingly great with just a hint of pineapple. Their signature Mint Sweet Tea was SO refreshing! I couldn't get enough! We'll be going back!
My husband and I have them another shot and we walked away very disappointed. We of course ordered the fried green tomatoes and they were good but very greasy. My husband gave the chicken another shit and it was no better than grocery store takeout but with twice the grease.  It was just very underwhelming. We won't be going back again.
While visiting our son at the NAS, we tried this place that he heard about from another sailor.  We stopped for lunch on Sunday - the blues band was great!  There was a small wait for a table but available seating outside (too hot!).    Between the 3 of us, we ordered the pot roast platter, the 3 piece fried chicken dinner and the red beans and rice.  Sides were collard greens, fried okra and mac & cheese - all were tasty - especially the greens.  Fried okra was nothing special & mac and cheese was really creamy.  Corn bread was good, too.  We would definately go back next time we visit our son.
Yes the chicken was good but everything else was awful!!  Too much salt, smoke flavoring and the service was bad too- I don't need anyone explaining sauces- bringing dishes out 20 min apart- and rude- first and last time
This is serious southern comfort food. I had the fried chicken (white meat upgrade), which took a little while to come out. The waitress said it was because it was fresh, so I'm guessing they were chasing the chicken around trying to capture it.  It was definitely worth the wait though.  It was crispy and seasoned just right on the outside, and so moist and juicy on the inside. It could have been the pcola lighthouse porter I was drinking, but I swear that chicken was some of the best chicken I've ever had. The portions are very generous in the South.  Entrees come with 2 sides,  which I got sweet potato fries, and country green beans.  Not exactly sure what makes the green beans country; it might have something to do with the bacon added.  It was delicious nonetheless.  The South is definitely where you want to be if you love to eat.  They're not stingy with their portions, especially when it comes to bacon, butter, and sugar. The live music doesn't really draw in fans, but it made for an entertaining dinner.  The food is definitely on point here.  I wonder if any of the people working there was one of the five sisters....
Blackened Redfish was fresh, well seasoned and delicious. Pineapple coleslaw was good, but did not have much pineapple flavor. Yams were sweet and had good texture. Frozen strawberry Margarita was delicious. Server was enthusiastic and upbeat and knew her stuff when asked about the menu items. Food was served promptly, full bar, some Pensacola Bay Brewery selections on tap in addition to a good selection of other offerings. Live music with varied artists. Tasteful and comfortable decor. Outdoor seating available. A favorite and worth coming back to.
We had the pot roast and fried chicken. Both were unbelievably amazing! Atmosphere is wonderful- casual or dressed up (church type of attire). Great artwork - and most of all wonderful customer service! Definitely recommended!
While I actually expected to like Five Sisters better than I actually do, it is still a decent place to snag some southern/soul food.  I also enjoy the ambiance and have always been lucky enough to catch live entertainment when I've visited.
The soul food was fantastic, how ever the service was so poor that it deterred from our whole experience. If it wasn't for the service I would most definitely recommend this cafe! The fried chicken and pork were superb, and I really enjoyed the new Orleans Napoleon.
Love this place! I was concerned with the neighborhood and leaving my car across the street. But the atmosphere was fun. The service was slow due to them only having three people waiting tables. But the good made up for the long wait. I would recommend this place again. I will be back.
Our first experience was great but our second was ouch! Fried chicken and turkey gumbo was our first visit. Def had better but the chicken was juicy with good seasoning. Regardless, both were good. Our server was awesome! Second visit was not so hot. I had the smothered pork chops which were so dry I couldn't even get my fork in it. Sent it back for the baked chicken which was even a bigger mistake. Fried green tomatoes were very good. Red beans n rice mediocre. Mac and cheese....dry. Candied yams a bit too sweet but ok. Maybe it's just a fluke experience bc my family members love this place. Willing to give it another shot. To be continued....
Had an awesome dining experience at 5 Sisters. Pleasant ambiance w live music. Service was great. Food was incredible. Started off w a bowl of gumbo. Lots of okra and sausage. Great flavor!  Enjoyed the tastiest fried chicken I've ever had. Side dishes of fried okra and black eyed peas were great. The pecan cobbler was much better than pecan pie. Two thumbs up!  Can't say enough good things about this place.
This restaurant is southern culture at its finest. You get to enjoy live blues music by local bands while you indulge in some delicious soul food. I had the traditional smoke turkey dinner. My only complaint is that the corn bread was not as moist as I would like, but overall the meal was excellent. The price of food is between $9-$15. This restaurant appears to be family friendly however I believe this atmosphere is more suited for adults. They have a nice little bar in the back of the restaurant. I would highly recommend this place to any of my friends. It's a perfect spot to go on a first date!
Awful!!!! The only thing good about this place is the artwork on the wall!!! This was by far the worse soul food experience that I have ever had! Where do I begin......my husband and I ordered a bowl of gumbo to enjoy before ordering our meal, despite this restaurants claim to have creole influence, the gumbo was extremely bland and was definitely not authentic! I ordered the seafood platter with shrimp, catfish and whitefish (instead of oysters), with mash potatoes, and black eyes peas. The food was delivered promptly, unfortunately the bowl that my peas were in turned over into my mashed potatoes, and my order was incomplete. I had to flag down the waitress to ask for my gravy (which was disgusting), cornbread and fish. The waitress was apologetic and stated that the fish was being fried and would be out soon. After about 5 minutes the catfish was delivered to my table HALF COOKED!! In addition to this poor service my peas lacked flavor and tasted as if they were poured out of a can and nuked in the microwave. My husbands red beans were definitely not home-cooked and tasted terrible. Lastly, the ribs are DISGUSTING!!!! They actually look as if they were boiled in a pot of water. If you are looking for an authentic soul food restaurant THIS IS NOT THE SPOT! My husband and I were in shock after visiting this place. We didn't realize soul food could taste so bad!
Was visiting from DC and loved the food & service! Don't believe the naysayers.  See for yourself!  4.5 stars!
Decent southern style food.  Most of the options are for fried food but the do offer the same dishes baked or steamed.  The waiter was real slow and we waited over 20 minutes for the food to be ready.
This place is just great. The atmosphere and interior design is top notch, the staff is friendly and the food is excellent. I had the fried chicken with okra and grits and it did not disappoint in the least. Don't hesitate to give it a try if you haven't been! Oh yea and the gumbo is pretty good but I'm not a gumbo expert yet so I'm not sure how qualified I am to rate it.
Hands down the best southern Creole food in Pensacola. ..The menu is filled with excellent dishes that will make your water.
My experience was three stars, but I suspect Five Sisters is a four or five-star establishment. We showed up at 5 pm on a weekday to find the place completely empty. We snagged a table in the center of the hip, bluesy adorned dining room, and our server came over immediately to grab our drink orders. Everyone ordered Aunt Sara's Southern Fried Chicken, and after chowing on some piping hot dinner rolls, we were surprised to see our food come out in under five minutes. Now, if you're from the south, you KNOW it takes longer than that to fry chicken! I figured that, due to our odd arrival time, we were served the last of the lunch fare. This suspicion rang true from the lukewarm Mac & Cheese to the mediocre Sugar & Spice Baked Yams. The chicken was good, but it definitely didn't have that smoking-hot, freshly fried feel. The look of the food was fabulous, and I was positive that on a different night I'd be singing the praises of Five Sisters. Overall I left full and happy but not blown away. Next time I'm in town I'd love to give this place another go. With great atmosphere and wonderful service, it's one of the cooler places I've visited while in Pcola. Next time!
I found this place by accident while driving through downtown and what a find it was. The décor and theme made you forget about the beach and the music relaxed you yet made you move and enjoy the sounds. The food was by far some of the best I've had if food with a southern flair is your craving. Our server was very personable and made sure we enjoyed our time here. The place was packed, standing room only but everyone was friendly and talkative. A very pleasant social atmosphere. I will definitely visit this establishment again and again. Please try it, you will not be disappointed.
Love the live music. The fried chicken is cooked to perfection. Definitely going back again
I LOVE THIS PLACE, after 4yrs I finally got here and the Gumbo de Jour was excellent I took my cousin who from new Orleans and she love the place. I also had the baked chicken with collard green and the pineapple coleslaw, people were friendly. my cousins had the soup of the day and the southern seafood platter. we didn't have space for dessert so we went back again and you guess it food was so good but we got there early this time  but no dessert. I love Gumbo so I try it out where I go my mom from New Orleans but I was brought up in New York City.
The BEST fried chicken I have ever had. I'll never know how they could get the outside so crispy and seasoned just right, while still keeping the inside super moist and juicy. TIP: Make reservations in advance!! Since this was sort of a destination stop for my family and I, we had booked almost two weeks in advance. We were road tripping from Houston to Orlando, and this was our "stop-over" for the evening. We parked across the street, walked in to find a large group of people standing at the doorway, waiting to be seated -- we zoomed right through them and were immediately seated. :) (Now, two weeks is probably two early of a time frame to reserve a table for this place, but you get the picture!) The atmosphere/ambiance here made for an awesome dining experience. Something that I wish my Lumia 920 could accurately capture for memory's sake, but never really could. Thus, if you're ever in the area, I urge you to drop by! If not for the food, do it for the ambiance. (The food will win you over anyway). *The bread pudding here is SUPERB!*
I stopped by this place during a day trip to Pensacola Beach because of the high praise it received on yelp.  I was reluctant to have my first meal of the day from a "soul food" joint, but my friend navigated me towards it, so I figured, "why not?" The thing that sticks with me from my experience is the friendliness of our server, Lisa.  She was very friendly.  She recommended the chicken and waffles, which my friend got.  I decided to order the eggs benedict with crab cakes.   The chicken and waffles looked amazing.  My eggs however were passable but nothing spectacular.  The hash browns that came with them were a bit dry.  The eggs yolks were solid, and with eggs benedict I prefer the yolks a little runny.  Also, the hollandaise sauce was not liquefied enough for me - it kind of dried up and clumped on the egg and the plate.  The crab cakes were also a little odd to me.   I'm reluctant to say that the food was bad because I think it would be good to someone with a different palate than me, I just think I ordered the wrong thing.   My overall experience was positive however, despite not caring much for the food.
The BEST fried chicken I have ever had. I'll never know how they could get the outside so crispy and seasoned just right, while still keeping the inside super moist and juicy. TIP: Make reservations in advance!! Since this was sort of a destination stop for my family and I, we had booked almost two weeks in advance. We were road tripping from Houston to Orlando, and this was our "stop-over" for the evening. We parked across the street, walked in to find a large group of people standing at the doorway, waiting to be seated -- we zoomed right through them and were immediately seated. :) (Now, two weeks is probably two early of a time frame to reserve a table for this place, but you get the picture!) The atmosphere/ambiance here made for an awesome dining experience. Something that I wish my Lumia 920 could accurately capture for memory's sake, but never really could. Thus, if you're ever in the area, I urge you to drop by! If not for the food, do it for the ambiance. (The food will win you over anyway). *The bread pudding here is SUPERB!*
I LOVE THIS PLACE, after 4yrs I finally got here and the Gumbo de Jour was excellent I took my cousin who from new Orleans and she love the place. I also had the baked chicken with collard green and the pineapple coleslaw, people were friendly. my cousins had the soup of the day and the southern seafood platter. we didn't have space for dessert so we went back again and you guess it food was so good but we got there early this time  but no dessert. I love Gumbo so I try it out where I go my mom from New Orleans but I was brought up in New York City.
I'm with the dissenters on this one.  I've been three or four times and neither me nor the people that I was with were impressed.  Cold chicken, dried-out chicken, OUT of chicken, that nasty brown gravy that came in a can, box, or envelope.  Nothing special, nothing impressive, and certainly nothing exemplary about the place. Service is spotty, sometimes attentive, sometimes adequate, then sometimes non-existent.  And, as several other people noted, you'd better choke down the grub and get the hell out of Dodge before the band starts, because conversation at your table will be impossible.  I didn't appreciate that on my last visit, because it was a large birthday get-together and you could scarcely have a conversation with your neighbor.
I met my cousin and her family here for brunch, and because the company and conversation was so great, I wasn't able to analyze (yes, analyze) my food until we were on the road back home. I ordered the chicken and waffles, a side of yams, and a mimosa. I was very pleased with my mimosa because it was only $3.95. I'm all about a good drink special. My waffle was not as soft, well actually it wasn't soft at all, as I like it. So, this is definitely not Roscoe's Chicken and Waffle's equivalent. My chicken was rather on the salty side as well, but I did appreciate the fact it was not over fried. My yams came out looking like I don't know what and they had a citrus taste to them, which I think was orange juice. I've never been a fan of orange juice cooked with my yams. So, that was a no for me. My husband ordered the gumbo and a side of red beans and rice. I later asked him how he liked his food, and he said "It was all right." In his language, that means he wasn't very impressed and it could have been better. I would give this place three stars, because I love black owned establishments (especially ones that pereserve and push the African American culture). There was wonderful artwork everywhere and the was a fantastic Jazz/RnB band playing. However, being someone who knows good soul food my heart just won't let me do it. Last thing, the service is very friendly. I don't think I met one staff that didn't speak and have a smile on their face. So, while Five Sisters garners 4 stars for the setting, ambiance, and staff. I definitely would say I've experienced much better soul food. I recommend this place based on the atmosphere, but I would definitely suggest they up the caliber of the cooking.
Five Sisters is located in downtown Pensacola and has a very cool bluesy/jazzy vibe.  We went for Sunday Brunch and enjoyed the free, live music and friendly service. Our food was AMAZING!!!  My huband ordered the Chicken and Waffles, I ordered the New Orleans Napoleon and my sister ordered the Creole Shrimp over Grits.  We left stuffed and happy! Prices are very affordable and the dinner menu looks amazing.  Will be back to check out happy hour and dinner menu!!!
I found myself looking for a piece of the South, even if it's a bit commercial. I found an infusion of food, artwork and music at Five Sisters Blues Cafe. The live music and atmosphere made a great experience but the service/speed could be improved. ==EXPECTATIONS== After reading several reviews I was sure that my Sunday brunch would be an experience to remember and wasn't let down. The parking situation is a bit messy since this is one spot that is full fast. Within 10 minutes of the restaurant opening every table was full. Who knew Pensacola had restaurants that get packed? After waiting 20 minutes to be seated and another 5 for our complimentary bread to arrive my wife and I decided on what to order. After placing our order we went through the fresh made bread and was never refilled :/ I love their bread, but would have loved more of it too. I know I sound like a pig, but there is something about the bread in this city that tastes so damn good. == FOOD== My wife ordered the best french toast ($ 6.99) we have ever had. She was looking forward to the four piece New Orleans french bread and has added it to her favorite foods list. I don't know what gives it the amazing flavor but the Gambino's New Orleans French Bread and sprinkled powdered sugar are a mouth-watering combo. The side of sausage patties were just a bonus with their crispy outside and sweet inside. I wanted to go with a Five Sisters specialty and ordered the The New Orleans Napoleon ($11.50). This was something new for me and I enjoyed it. It comes with a puffed pastry layered with scrambled eggs, andouille sausage and green onions topped with Hollandaise sauce. It's served with hash browns topped with their three cheese blend. The Hollandaise sauce added a lot of flavor but the puffed pastry made it hard to eat. I would still recommend it due to flavor overload and being unique. My one gripe was that the servers were very slow, often forgetful didn't seem as personable as you'd expect in such an atmosphere. The restaurant presents an open, fun, inspirational feeling but the staff didn't fit as you'd think. I can't put my finger on it but give them the benefit of the doubt anyway. I'd go back for sure, but on a weekday.
Great chicken and waffles. Went for lunch and it was packed, good sign. I would have given it a 5 except it took over 40 minutes to get our food, at lunch this made us late. If we had been told, we would have ordered something else. Our waiter also did not tell us that the all white meat chicken costs 2.00 more.
Wow!!  Yummy chicken, amazing vegetables!  Great atmosphere too!  Loved it!  So glad we found this neat place.  Service was excellent as well.
We were seated promptly, attended to by sharp wait staff and served good food.  Jazz music playing in the background was mesmerizing with an almost lulling effect.  We sat outside and the weather was great.  Not very busy at this time but there were noticeably a lot of other patrons filtering in.  It was good to see a diversity of patrons.  The specials were given to us by our waitress without prompting.  The food that we had was good.  Can't give an honest assessment of the fare on our first visit.  I would highly recommend the fried green tomatoes (light, not oily and fried to perfection).  Each bite was crunchy and delectable as the first and the sauces complimented well. First impression of the surrounding area was not good until we got closer to the restaurant. Personal Rating:  3.4 Overall:  Good experience based on the first visit.  Will definitely return to sample the rest of the menu and enjoy the ambiance again.
Blue sisters café is an awesome soul  food joint with authentic food, that really takes you back to the roots of the south. Its a wonderful little spot downtown.you will be lost in time at this great little dive of the restaurant !
We stopped in here with a group of seven for Sunday brunch.  There was a good sized crowd lined up outside waiting for the place to open already, this included at least one group even larger than our own.  Considering that they filled their entire restaurant right from the opening of the door the staff did a great job of getting people drinks and getting their orders into the kitchen.  So super high marks on service and professionalism. And yes the jazz band is a tad loud in the small space but honestly, we were sitting right next to the band and still managed to hold a conversation at our table.  Maybe we're just all loud talkers. I had the fried chicken and waffles.  The fried chicken was pretty good and the waffle was adequate.  It was just what my hangover needed but to be honest so of my companions got even better dishes.  I don't think anyone was disappointed. Definitely worth checking out for brunch but get there early and be prepared to talk over the band (probably not a good choice if anyone in your group is hard of hearing). But the food is good, the prices reasonable and the staff is excellent.
Service: Went here on a Sunday morning, showed up about 15 minutes early and other people were already arriving as well. Walked up and down the street, appears this is an area of gentrification that has stalled due to the economy here. This is essentially the only business open consistently. There is a little BBQ joint and a music hall of some sort within the same block or two. We watched workers fill themselves of cigarettes before opening while we waited in the parking lot. We were seated promptly upon the opening and immediately a band started playing. Prices aren't bad for the portion size however, our service was horrible! It appeared that there was about 4 servers working for the entire restaurant that filled up pretty quickly after opening. Our server (Mia) was working the counter along the bar as well as a handful of other tables. She spent the majority of her time tending to the patrons eating at the bar. She only came to our table 3 times the entire time we were there: 1) took our order, 2) checked on us, 3) brought our check. We were there for over an hour, as the food was slow to come out. The most we heard from her was when she brought our check and thanked us for coming, please come back, blah, blah, blah ~ translated, please leave me a good tip ~ We were beginning to think this is the standard for Pensacola's service industry until we visited a few restaurants with outstanding service (Fisherman's Corner for one). This would be an excellent SMALL restaurant where the patrons could be doted on with the down-home food. The staff clearing tables were professional and doing a good job. The "hostesses" up front were standing around (4 of them) the entire time since the restaurant filled and they were left with nothing to do. Rather than helping the waitstaff and checking on tables, etc. they all just stood there talking. Food: Fried green tomatoes - Great! Waffle (pecan) rubbery/chewy. Wafflehouse is better than this! Shrimp & grits were good, not the best (Atlas and Fishermans Corner beat this place hands down). Coffee was horrible - sent it back, couldn't even drink it. I've decided there are very few people here that can make coffee! We WONT be returning.
So I often enough some music with my meal.  I even like that music live.  I did not however want to hear saxiphone being blasted at me while I try and eat.  Damn man turn it down aleady. Really no one came her to hear you in he parking lot play. Our waitress was an angel with pink hair.  She was swamped with tables but I still felt she did a good job of paying attention to us while we dined.   Now the food....I had a great burger with fried okra.  Burger was cooked just right, the toppings complimented the burger and bun.  I would give the burger a thumbs up.  But the breakfast items came up a little short.  The french toast was blah and made from actually french bread cut at an angel which was just odd, the waffle was very plain, but the chicken and waffles worked well together because the chicken was pretty good.  So the food was hit or miss.
Okay, let me start with the good. Location is right across from the Belmont Arts Studio, which is a huge bonus, b/c I throw pottery and now have a place to eat lunch! They have a full bar.  They didn't have any glasses when we were there 2 days ago (drank out of little plastic cups- okay- not a huge deal really). The crabcakes were very good.  My friends both ordered them for lunch and liked them very much.  Lots of crabmeat and not a lot of filler. The key lime pie was okay.  We were not expecting it to be cheesecake texture/ flavor, but it was good and we ate it all... I, unfortunately, must have ordered the WORST thing on the menu... the egg salad.  I love egg salad!  Nice, big chucks of hard-boiled eggs with mayonnaise and seasoning.  But this was a nightmare.  Way too much mayonnaise (uh,... it was runny... I've never seen runny egg salad), hardly any egg (I think I spotted some very tiny slivers), and WAY too much onion.  It was absolutely disgusting.  I ate the crackers.  I should have sent it back and ordered something else.  It was a teeny scoop (of watery mess) on a single piece of lettuce.  Kind of stupid, really. Oh, and the entrance is very weird.  TONS of doors.  None worked except the one in the courtyard.  It was not obvious that the entrance was there. The noise was pretty bad at lunchtime.  They definitely need acoustic tiles on the ceiling.  I can only imagine how bad it would get at dinnertime.  Yikes. I will go back simply b/c it's across from Belmont Arts and try again, but I wasn't impressed.  At all.  Hopefully I can write a better review in the future.
****Four Solid Stars**** My only recommendation would be to stay away from 5 Sisters on Sundays.  It was soooo packed this past Sunday!   Our food was good, menu was very interesting.  Had the gumbo which was fabulous, but a little on the salty side.  Fried chicken was very tasty, but also a bit salty.   Bloody Mary's were amazing, probably one of the better Bloody Mary's i've ever had.  However, due to the overwhelming crowd, i never saw the second drink i ordered.  Bummer.   I'm excited to come back for another round of Bloody Mary's and to try some of their other dishes.
Good, southern cooking! There isn't really a bad meal on the menu. Try some of your old favorites or be brave and try something you've never had before. It's bound to be good! Perhaps the only negative is when one of your waiters/waitresses is a 17 year old kid. They generally are detached, not engaging and really don't give a damn, unlike some of the more experienced staff. Hopefully, you get one of those people waiting on your table instead of one of the kids Other than that, it's a great place to go!
Went here with coworkers and i was pretty excited. however the food wasn't as exciting as it sounded. i had to ask for more hushpuppies which they serve 1 at a time. loved: Gin and Tonic and friend chicken. In fact i made everyone at my table try a bite it was that good. overall the assortment of fried foods was a 3/5stars.
First off, this might be the best restaurant in Pensacola. Five Sisters always delivers delicious food. The fried chicken is SO good that it is hard for me to get anything else- except maybe the Southern Cobb which has both fried chicken AND fried green tomatoes on it and is big enough for two meals. Mint iced tea is my favorite. Their collard greens are phenomenal. I can't say enough about how delicious everything is. If you come with a group everyone will leave happy- unless they are a vegetarian. The one drawback here is there are only a few veg options although they will work with you to substitute (say boiled eggs instead of fried chicken on southern cobb). Also, Lisa is a fantastic server. She is on the ball! I go less than once a month and when I am lucky enough to get her she brings tea refills promptly, to-go boxes without being asked, and shows up with a to-go cup with more tea! Five sisters is always a treat.
Five Sisters Blues Cafe has great southern soul food and flavored ice teas (I had the mint sweet tea) Love the patio seating. The service was great!  This is a wonderful place for lunch with your friends.
My wife and I found our new soul food place in pensacola. We are from Memphis and this place brought us right back home. The fried green tomatoes were the best I have ever had. My wife had the fried chicken and it was amazing. I had the red beans and rices with pork and greens it was good, but that fried chicken is something else. The atmosphere is great they had a live band and staff was nice. Would recommend to anyone looking for some good ole southern food.
Every time we come home to Pensacola, we have to stop by 5 Sisters for fried chicken, okra & greens! Our favorite!
We were in Pensacola for vacation for about 4 days and we stopped by here twice.  I randomly found this place on yelp.  The first night the bartender rocked and the pina coladas were really good and the caribbean salad was amazing!  All for great prices.  I guess my only complaint would be the jazz band playing.  While it fit the theme of the business, it was way to loud for such an enclosed space and this is coming for a guy who live in Austin where music is everywhere. The drinks were really good and very fairly priced.  The last night we were there we stopped by again for a couple more pina coladas which we renamed rum-a-coladas because they were so strong.  Holy smokes.  One of those puppies and we were toasted and we had two!  Needless to say it made for a fun last night.
I was extremely impressed with my meal!! I was in search for some good ol' southern food and found a great place. I ordered the fried catfish with sides of mac & cheese and fried okra. The warm bread with syrup dipping sauce was a nice treat before my meal. The service was average. Not too bad for a early dinner seating. The catfish tasted fresh. And although the catfish was good, the fried chicken was better!! Fresh juicy chicken battered and seasoned nicely. I definitely enjoyed that most. Wish i wasnt just passing threw. I would love to make this a regular spot! After my meal, i was ready for a nap. Caught the itis!!
This place is a favorite local spot.  Great food, low prices, super service, and rocking blues.  A must go to place!
Sooo good! Has a nice Nola feel to it. The chicken and waffles are to die for
This food is legit.  The fried chicken was amazing, the collard greens were fresh and the black eyed peas were creamy.  Love the light jazz band playing in the background.  The service was a bit slow but it was Sunday brunch and the place was packed, so I forgive. I'll be back and back and back again.
Love this spot. Found it on Yelp in the first place. Chicken n waffles is great! Lisa was our server and she is so cool! The drinks are on point. Had the bloody Mary and it was perfectly spiced. Pecan cobbler.... It works with ice cream like you wouldn't believe!!
In baseball it's three strikes your out as it is for me with chances at a restaurant.  The commit the cardinal sin of the business, pre-cooking their food....my wife's fried chicken came out in five minute's...cold and soggy..as did the sweet potato fries and regular fries. Their chairs are so bad that people are seen stacking two of them together just to be brought high enough to the table to eat. In three attempts, we're yet to see an even remotely happy employee..another truth teller...
Starters: Fried Green Tomatoes (probably my favorite part of the meal) Entrees: Award winning Fried Chicken, CJ's smother pork chops, Miss Judy's Fried Pork Chops Sides: Mac n cheese, collared greens, red beans and rice (really any of the sides) Drinks: Mint Iced tea (which goes better then anything else i've ever had with soul food) These are all the things you have to try in a truly authentic soul food joint.  Nice atmosphere with an actual feel of culture which can be hard to find at times in a town  like Pensacola.  All the dishes are pulled off with a certain level of skill, which is unique for a class of food that traditionally doesn't place an emphasis on it.  This means that the food is not greasy or cooked improperly.  If you're in Pensacola you really can't beat this place, especially at its price point.
Fabulous dinner. We all had the fried chicken, which was super moist, not greasy and very reasonably priced. Be sure to try the cobbler! We had blueberry and pecan which was simply wonderful!
Excellent southern cooking.  Mia was an awesome server!
Pretty good food and ambiance. Definitely makes you think that you are down in the French Quarter. I would recommend to anyone that visits the area. The food is very well seasoned. Speedy service.  I didn't give it 5 stars because the corn bread is not good...they need to get a new recipe for that. Otherwise...I am a satisfied customer!
Oh my!!!Another bad decision by me. Wife and I were in town for the weekend looking for something to eat. Yelped as usual. 5 sisters got my attention. Good reviews(4/5 stars). Pictures looked enticing. Had to check it out. Staff was very nice and friendly. Wife ordered Southern seafood platter, I couldn't make up my mind so I got fish and grits and ordered ribs to go( I love BBQ, but man was I stupid and greedy). The fish was good but the grits weren't. All the sides are very bland; gumbo, macaroni and cheese, red beans and rice, coleslaw is typical, black eyed peas were horribly bland, gravy on mashed potatoes was bland also. It's like they made none of the sides  from scratch; everything tasted like it came from a can or a pack and I'm pretty sure it did. And the ribs!?!?!? Looked like they were steamed or boiled to a certain degree. They say they smoke on an electric smoker on the inside. Definitely not authentic BBQ. Wasn't tender and didn't fast good. Please stay away!
Good
So, I'm a tough sell because I am a southern cook. Expectations are high. Here's the good news, the fried chicken really good, the greens are decent, the sweet tea is likely too sweet for most, but I enjoyed it and the music is on point. The bad news, the fried pork chopped so greasy, inedible. The rolls, hard, the candied yams are in syrup with too much cinnamon, Mac n cheese tasted like it was made very early that morning. The really bad news, the staff seem to be confused as to how, where, to seat a party of 1. No, I didn't want to sit at the bar! I had to actually say " I'm not sure what the discussion is about, but I'd like a table " did I mention it was slow and there where many to choose from? I had tried to call and do take out, but you could only leave a voice mail on the phone (how I got into this situation in the first place). Now, once seated the waiter was overly friendly and flirted waay too much. Ladies... U know how annoying that is, while I'm trying to enjoy my wings....
Good Southern comfort food, friendly service and cool atmosphere centered around the blues culture (bonus for me).  The food is reasonably priced and very tasty.  My only complaint is that the acoustics are a bit loud so you may have to speak louder than normal if you are there to visit with friends.  I've not been for the live band nights but friends have told me it is great.
My visit to the Five Sisters Blues Cafe was definitely one of the highlights of my trip to Pensacola.  When I walked in they were playing a Commodores song and sat us next to a painting of Tina Turner.  I was tickled pink before I even took a bite of anything.  Our server explained that their fried chicken had won many awards.  She (jokingly) gave me a hard time for ordering baked chicken, which was funny.  I did get to taste a piece of the fried chicken because their Cobb salad comes with a very generous amount of it.  I very rarely eat fried food anymore but it will be hard for me resist getting the fried chicken next time I come here.  My side dishes were mac n cheese, coleslaw, and cornbread.  I thought that the coleslaw was just "ok", but I really enjoyed everything else.  I want to try chicken and waffles next time!  My only complaint about my visit here was that I did it too late into my Pensacola trip to eat here a second time.  I won't make that mistake next trip!
Great food!!  Very southern style and look forward to coming back again!  Left too early to hear music but it sounded very promising!
The place is very clean and decorated well. The food was a huge disappointment.  We went on a Sunday afternoon they had a decent crowd in  the house but no wait. I ordered the seafood platter and the waitress insisted i try their award winning fried chicken.  So assuming that there fried chicken was really something  special...It is NOT! Its fried chicken it is ok, but over priced and defiantly no reason for a return visit.
Had daughter and family visiting from CT and took them to 5 Sisters for dinner last night. My husband and I have eaten there several times and have always been satisfied. We made reservations for 6 but our table was for 4 and they added 2 chairs. I don't know if they have changed chefs but the quality of the meal was sub-standard.  My husband took 2 bites of his Big Country Fried Steak and stopped. It was not edible. I had the Red Beans over Rice and it was just average. The food chain Popeye's makes a better red beans and rice dish. Our daughter and son-in-law had burgers which were good but we didn't know the onion rings were frozen and not made fresh. One good thing were the Fried Green Tomatoes. We spoke to the restaurant manager to get my husband's order removed from the bill since he did not eat it but the said they would only give us a 10% discount. A restaurant of quality should have removed my husband's order from the bill. We will not ever go back.
Great atmosphere and great service provided by Lisa. Recommended the award winning fried chicken and it was awesome. Sides all very tasty and home made. Had a cup of the many bean and ham soup - asked for cornbread and it was provided and delicious. Peach cobbler served hot and a la mode- lots of tasty peaches and just the right spice. If there was one tiny flaw the sweet tea was really really sweet- I love it but even too sweet for me. I'd be there several times a week if I lived nearby!!!
My last visit wasn't particularly thrilling. I came with high hopes and left disapointed. My wife ordered the smothered pork chops and it came with burnt gravy. My side of mashed potatoes also came with burnt gravy, and they also managed to get my order wrong. Service was also terrible; the waitress only came to take our order, bring our food, and bring our check. Our cups were never refilled. The only plus about this restaurant is ambiance, and they sure did a nice job decorating the place, but so far, that's the only good thing I can say about my visit. I don't think I will be returning here anytime soon.
Always looking for a new place to eat when I'm in Pensacola and after looking over reviews we decided to try this place. Yes, the waitstaff was extremely friendly and we were not dissappointed with the food! The fried green tomatoes were really crunchy with great flavor of spice on the bread crumbs.  We ordered a few different things but most memorable, although everything was delicious, were the black eyed peas, collard greens, Mac and cheese and pineapple coleslaw. I had fried mullet and it was tasty but the filets were pretty thin and too much of the dark meat was left on them which made them a little too fishy tasting. Ok, i know i'm eating fish, but I like it not to taste fishy! The others in our group had solid dishes without complaints.  Two things which dissappointed us were NO blues music til 8pm (live) really ????? In a place called a Blues cafe??!! The other thing was that they didn't have gumbo even though it was on the menu!  Gumbo is a staple In this area so this was pretty puzzling. Prices were very reasonable and bottom line, I'd go back there again for the food!
Excellent lunch. Went with teenage daughters and wife and we all really enjoyed it. We don't eat beef or chicken, but did great with the seafood appetizer sampler, shrimp basket, and crab cake dinners. Our waitress was real nice and let us sub caesar salads for one of our sides. The peach cobbler and banana bread pudding were to die for. Cool music to boot.
Oh yeah  Fried chicken on a waffle!!!  I just died and went to heaven.  Also the fried fish is the best I have ever had.  Normally I wont eat fried anything but this was worth it.
Great atmosphere, live Jazz bands on the weekends and a special brunch menu early on Sunday. Gotta love the 1lb. Farmhouse burger topped with all sorts of great stuff including a fried egg, ham, and bacon. One of the few places I've found in town that had good southern food and a great atmosphere that actually makes me want to go out to eat. They also have outdoor seating.
We visited "Five Sisters" while on vacation in Pensacola. This place is very nice. It's obviously new and is meticulously maintained. The food here is good "southern", but isn't heavy on the seasoning and all the other unhealthy attributes found at similar places. I enjoyed the fried chicken, it was seasoned well and fried lightly. It was some of the best I've had anywhere. The prices are well below what I would expect from this type of establishment; our total came up to only about $20 for 2 dinners. I definitely recommend this place and it will be my first stop on my next trip to Pensacola!!!
Awesome food. Didn't seem to be too busy but the restaurant was packed, meaning- not a long wait for food! Yum!
Great fried chicken. Good music but it was toooo loud. You cannot hear the person next too you.
Had a real nice dinner there tonight.  Awesome chicken fried steak and the cole slaw was awesome with the pineapple chunks.  The service was real good and the prices reasonable.
If not for a couple minor negatives, I might have given this place 5 stars. First, the positives.  Nice decor, great menu, reasonable prices, friendly staff, very good food (mostly).  I was born and raised in the South and have had lots of fried chicken; this fried chicken was very good!  Maybe not the best I've ever had, but close.  (By contrast, I've eaten fried chicken at a few of the supposedly "best" places in my present location of Austin, TX, and nothing there comes close to this fried chicken).  We had the appetizer sampler and it was outstanding, especially the crab cakes; lots of real blue crab and very tasty.  The fried green tomatoes and andouille-crusted shrimp were both great.  Also, another positive: they have a very nice outdoor seating area. Now the minor negatives.  My wife's Southern Cobb salad had too much lettuce and the presentation was a bit lacking (but her chicken tenders on the salad were terrific).  Also, we had to wait a little too long for the appetizers to arrive, like 20 minutes or more.  The place wasn't that crowded so maybe there was a shift change in the kitchen, I dunno... We ate before the live music started so I can't attest to that one way or another.  Having been originally from this area (Pensacola), I recognized some of the "talent" line-up and don't really care for their music much.  They are very popular locally though.  Seems like they could get more authentic blues musicians than the folks I saw scheduled. Overall, definitely worth checking out!!
Stopped in here for lunch on a Friday. We arrived at the end of the lunch rush, opted to sit inside for the air conditioning, and while the decor and atmosphere are great, it was really loud. Service was really slow, as our server appeared to be really busy, but she was really sweet and made sure she acknowledged us. We both ordered the pulled pork entree, and with two sides each we ended up with sweet potato fries, yams, and two pineapple coleslaws. The pork itself was great, and the honey chipotle sauce they served on the side was amazing. The sweet potato fries were good, not too salty, and the yams and coleslaw were tasty also. It ended up being a lot of sweet stuff (our fault for choosing sweet sides), but it was all a delicious meal that left me completely stuffed. We don't get up to Pensacola very often, but we'll definitely be back here the next time we go.
Had a great lunch! Super service, good food, and Five Sisters is "out of the box"!  Doing a great job!  I really give them a 4.5 out of 5!
A very good example of southern home style cooking.  With a great Jazz atmosphere the staff is excellent and makes you feel right at home.  Please try the fried chicken it is one of the best dishes I have ever had.  Do not forget to have dessert as it is well worth, having to unbutton your pants.  Go and enjoy
Chicken was good, catfish was good but every side that we had was terrible. When you claim to have southern style food you can't have bad sides that taste like they came out of a can. Cornbread dressing...no, yams....no, collard greens...no. Those that can cook know the difference and I have skills. Bob B.
I hate that I found this place my last week in Pensacola, and I hated it so much that I went there twice in three days. It's great. The sides are great, the chicken and waffles are great, and of course brunch is great. Great atmosphere, great music, great food, great service. Just great.
Excellent meal! Visiting Pensacola and saw their menu on Yelp. Originally from New Orleans and they met my expectations. Pulled Pork on Red Beans, Fried Green BLT.
We had a wait that was 45 minutes long but I will say that it is worth it. Friday night is blues night and the music was good. The liquor was flowing and by the end of the night we had a good time. The wife and I are fans of their fried chicken, but their side dishes are just okay.  I could go on but I think this is one restaurant that I can adjust a quote from Reading Rainbow, "Don't take my word on it, you should try it for yourself." Overall, it is good for Pensacola...and since it is only our third week in the area, we do plan on being a return customer to this restaurant.
Had lunch at Five Sisters while visiting Pensacola. Had a really good and reasonably sized (i.e. not huge!) burger with sweet potato fries, and a local beer. Ingredients were fresh and tasty. Nice place, good lighting and ambiance. Our server exuded southern charm. Located in a historic district that's slowly being rediscovered. I hear they have live music and do a good brunch but didn't have the chance to try either. I would definitely return if I visited Pensacola again.
Above average in each respect I sampled. Okra and red beans weren't necessarily special, but prepared with care clearly. Pulled pork was great (without BBQ sauce), and the pork chops were quite good (my portion was smaller than expected though). Everything on the menu looked like something pleasing - if southern, soul food is your thing of course.
If you are ever in the Pensacola area make sure you come here! True southern food and the waiters are hot and friendly! We had a group of 6 and it was super crowded inside but no wait for seating outside. We ordered a round of mimosas and 3 bloody marys. And boy were the BM's strong! The chicken and waffles were delicious. And customer service was excellent. I will be returning the next time I visit FL.
Lovely decor, awesome wait staff and great food. The portions are pretty hefty as well.
What a pleasant surprise. This is one place you want to seek out. I have only been once and will be going back. Have to try the sunday brunch. Had the sampler of crabcakes, shrimp and green fried tomatoes. All were good but the encrusted shrimp was excellent. The gumbo good. The fried green tomatoes were in a tempura batter and good but I have had better. Service was freindly and fast.
Very, very loud.  But they have sweet potato fries.
Great food- loved their spicy bbq sauce, and their collard greens were awesome. Great cole slaw. Wait was super short and food was served really quickly. I only give 4 stars because I expected cornbread to be a part of the menu, but it wasn't! :(
I flew into Pensacola on Thursday afternoon in August  for a one-day trip. I'm always excited about trying restaurants in different cities. My biggest challenge was deciding between eating downtown or at the beach. Well, since it was pouring down raining by the time I was ready for dinner, downtown won due to its closer proximity to my location. My GPS gave me perfect directions to this place. The parking lot was full (always a good sign), but there was plenty of parking directly across the street. Upon entering the restaurant, I was greeted warmly by the hostess who seated me immediately. As I mulled over the menu, my waitress greeted me with the biggest and friendliest smile to take my drink order. I had questions about the food offerings and she was more than happy to answer my questions. I narrowed down my choices between the seafood platter and the fried chicken. She highly recommended the seafood, but I went with the chicken. I'm not too fond of catfish and that was part of the seafood platter. I also ordered a drink from the bar. My food was out in record time. At first glance, I thought the chicken looked perfect, the sides (garlic mashed potatoes, greens, and cornbread) looked a little lean. The mashed potatoes looked like the mashed potatoes you get at KFC or a cafeteria. I hated that I got a corner piece of cornbread, I do not like corner pieces. Oh well, they don't know that. The chicken was good, had a nice crunch to it. Was it the best fried chicken I've ever eaten? No, but it was good. The collard greens were good, especially after I doused it with hot sauce. The potatoes were alright. The cornbread was not good. It tasted a little stale, not moist at all, and a bland flavor. More than halfway through my meal, my waitress finally brings my drink (she forgot all about it). I should have given it back since the whole point was to enjoy it with my meal. I do need to mention that while I waited for my meal and while I was eating, a couple members of the staff chatted with me and they were genuinely very friendly, charming people. I really enjoyed talking to them. I ordered a piece of peach cobbler to go, although my waitress and the busboy recommended the pecan cobbler. Once I got back to my room I ate my still warm cobbler. It was okay, I've had much better and I can make much better. Definitely not on my list to order again. I would definitely come back to the restaurant and try some different entrees like the seafood platter or even one of their hot sandwiches. Overall the food was good for the most part, and the service was great. Food gets 3.5 stars, Service gets 4.5!
Great Southern Spot...got there and was greeted by a friendly hostess. I imminently noticed the live jazz that was being played, really set the tone. Not to mention the whole establishment was very classy and the the feel was very inviting. Art on the walls very fast friendly service was also very nice. My group all ordered appetizers and soups and was served extremely fast. Our meals came out about 10 min after perfect timing. I order the Clean Plate Club with sweet and spiced yams and the sweet potato fries. The entire plate was cleared the food was extremely delicious. And the prices were very fair as well. Our waitress was very friendly and she kept my glasses filled the entire meal. Overall I loved this place my stomach is still full and I would recommend anybody in the area to come and try this place. They also have a full bar for all my party people.
Very good food and great service! I had the pot roast with white rice and sweet potatoes with a sweet tea. All were very delicious and it's somewhere I would frequent again. Despite having a party of 15, the service was still good and very professional.
I came here on a Friday night around 9pm with a couple of friends. Walked in and was seated right away. The joint was about 90% full. Music was good but not too loud. We ordered 2 orders of fried green tomatoes.  The smothered pork chops were delicious. Country Fried steak was good but have had better.  The fried chicken was definitely the best of the three.  If we had a better server it would have been a much better experience.  He did not make an effort to even write down our order or our drinks. And as would it expect it turned out wrong but the supervisor came by and made it right. We will try it again but will be sure to get a female server.
I went to Sunday brunch today. I highly recommend the chicken and waffles. Great restaurant and environment. The server seemed overwhelmed on the patio, but the food was quick. Awesome place!
The fried chicken! And the pecan cobbler. Awesome.
Holy cow! This is my favorite restaurant we've tried since we moved here!  The food is amazing and the mint tea is perfect!  There's live jazz some nights too.  Try this place out.
I held my mothers 50th anniversary celebration here. The staff was very pleasant and easy to work with. Judy, one of the managers of the restaurant was very accommodating and helpful throughout the planning process. The andouille shrimp are awesome, the crab cakes are also awesome, the fired green tomatoes were definitely not what you are used to in G'ma's kitchen as they lacked flavor in the breading and were rather bland. The pot roast is probably the most tender pot roast I've ever had. It could use some vegetable as a part of the roast preparation. The smothered pork chops are not truly smothered as I know them. There were two fried pork chops with gravy thrown on top. Not the slow cooked, melt in your mouth smothered pork chops I was hoping for. The blacked shrimp were hands down the best dish we had of the night. HANDS DOWN. Fried chicken was excellent, as the other reviews can expand upon. Fried catfish looked amazing but I didn't have it. Greens were good, Mac n chs was nothing to brag about, Black Eyed Peas were BOMB, fried Okra was good, the Cornbread was awesome. Drinks are VERY reasonably priced (but then again I'm used to NY $6 Coors light bottles). Overall, I would go back, and would recommend this place to others.
Chicken and waffles!
The best green beans on the planet! I am not kidding. The fried chicken was perfection and the mac & cheese above average.  The atmosphere is lively and the place was hoppin when we went.  We sat at the bar for dinner, and the bartender was very efficient and friendly.  I would highly recommend this place if you want good old fashioned comfort food.  Have fun!
Chicken, waffles, Mac n cheese, black eyed peas, PBR,..... Check check check check check. More please.
LOVE Five Sisters!  Awesome southern home cookin! Try their gumbo as an appetizer, it changes all the time and its always good! The pulled pork is is my go to meal there but if you only go once (which you should go often!) get the fried chicken.. its AMAZING! Also like that they are part of the healthy Choices Program which allows you to automatically pack up half your meal to take home for later :)
Excellent Fried Chicken
In short: fried chicken is good but not "the best", waffle is not great (go to Waffle House), Mac and cheese was not at all creamy and tasted like it had been sitting out for awhile (complete rip off for the price) red beans and rice was ok. Not to mention the menu specifically said "all entrees are served with 2 sides unless otherwise stated". Mine did not say "no sides included" but our waiter said it didn't.
I did not have a chance to taste the food. We were seated by the Hostess and did not receive a waitress at all during our stay. We let the hostess know that we were still waiting on our waitress after about 15 minutes and she even made eye contact with us. She was dealing with a big party in her area so we gave her a little slack for that. After another five minutes, we noticed our waitress fixing tables and chairs near us and not coming over to at least ask about our drinks. It was at this time we walked out. I would say the service is horrible.
I spent the week in Pensacola, FL on summer vacation and was encouraged to eat here for lunch one day by some locals.  I was so impressed that I returned 2 more times that week.  Great soul food with special attention to authenticity, premium ingredients, and great prices.  I couldn't get enough of the cheese grits, fried green tomatoes, mac and cheese, pulled pork and pot roast.  The staff were incredibly friendly with true southern hospitatlity.  The atmosphere was comfortably, air-conditioned with beautiful art work on the walls.  I was made to feel at home on each visit.   I cannot wait until my next visit to Pensacola so I can get my fix at Five Sisters.
Went here for lunch. Just awesome! Service & Food couldn't be better. I will be back.
Food was great.
We found the artistic atmosphere to be very nice and comforting.  The smooth jazz playing in the background was at a comfort level.  The seafood tasted fresh with adequate portioning.  The crab cakes had too much sage or thyme which overpowered the crab flavors.  Maybe because there was not much crab in them.  I would try them again.
What a great place! We found 5 Sisters thru reviews on Yelp. And we were not disappointed. We planned and held a birthday luncheon for my fathers-in-law there. The staff worked with us over phone/email to plan the party. Everyone was so impressed by the food, the atmosphere and the staff. They went out of their way to make sure that evrything was perfect! None of us had been there before, but all the locals have gone back again since the luncheon. Everything we ate - gumbo, fried chicken, pulled pork, red  beans and rice were all delicious. The overall favorites were the fried chicken and mac and cheese. On top of that, the prices are very reasonable and the portions are generous. The restaurant is lovely old brick with dark wood and cement floors, but still warm and inviting. We will certainly go back again when we return to Pensacola.
I've only been to Five Sisters once, but I cannot wait to go back! The fried chicken was outstanding, and was the fried okra and the mac & cheese. It was also decently priced to make it even better! I love the atmosphere and the live music. It's a great place to head out for dinner with your friends. The staff was great (with the exception of the host, he acted as if looking up and taking away time from his phone to greet us and seat us was too much to do), so I will definitely head back here!
Food is excellent!!  Went there on a Sunday and I ordered the smothered pork chop and my husband had the fried chicken.  My husband was craving fried chicken and this is some of THE BEST fried chicken we've ever had. My smothered pork chop was excellent!  All the items on the menu looked fabulous, I think this is probably the best southern food around in the Pensacola area.  Prices were totally reasonable.  My husband and I ate for $30 including a tip!  We will be returning here soon!!
Menu has so many tasty items. Food is amazing. Nice sized portion at a reasonable price. Service was excellent. Will be back again.
...I finally made it to Five Sisters after wanting to go for so long...First impressions: The neighborhood may look a little sketchy but its going thru a somewhat re-vitalization so out of towners dont be afraid, just clutch your purses and walk briskly to the door if its at night and you had to park across the street... LOL ok,  It's not THAT bad. The restuarant is cute, small, very small for the amount of clientle they had on the night we went. We waited a good 30-40 mins for a table that sat 2(they were holding larger EMPTY tables for bigger groups but after a while they decided to sit us at a bigger table). The waitress was really cool, told us exactly what we needed to order so I figure I might as well listen to her, she told me to get Aunt Saras Fried Chicken and my BF got the Chicken and Waffles. Now as I said earlier, IT IS SMALL, and Good Golly Miss Molly we were seated right next to the "blues band" ( Good music, but not exactly what I would call The Blues, maybe more like top 40 pop/rock with a little nutra sweet soul thrown in) They were really loud so having a convo was a non factor so me and my baby just sat and stared in each others eyes as our stomachs grumbled while waiting for our food. My sides along with the Chicken was mac and cheese and candied yams. The chicken was good. Pretty darn good. Juicy on the inside and good on the outside... my sides were a different story. The yams tasted like they came from the can of Yams I bought at Walmart for Thanksgiving this past year,  and the mac and cheese was mostly just mac and little cheese. Sad to say I actually like the Velveeta shells that take 5 mins to make better than the 5 Sisters. (maybe only 3 sisters made the Mac and Cheese this time) My BF said his meal was good... but he also said the Waffles at Waffle House tasted the same. For dessert we ordered peach cobbler. ( must say I was a little sad that they only had like 3 desserts to choose from (and Ice Cream was one and I dont consider Ice Cream as a dessert in a restaurant-sorry).. The cobbler wasnt  impressive... I guess I was hoping for too much, like what I grew up on as a child considering my Grandma made peach cobbler out of this world... soooo to sum things up, I think if you are not used to down home southern cooking and maybe come from Canada or Idaho, you really will love this place.. and thats ok if you do...but if you're used to soul food your grandma handed down to the family generation after generation, you know, the kind of food that'll make ya slap yo momma, I dont think you'll be raving about Five Sisters...but I love the attempt that was made.
I absolutely LOVE this place.  It is probably one of my most favorite restaurant in town.  Their fried chicken is the BEST I've ever had in my life (no, I'm not exaggerating).  I highly recommend their Sunday Brunch.
We drove to the area to visit a well known seafood store, and decided to order a quick take out meal. We stopped by five sisters, due to the yelp reviews.  I hate that we did. Yes the decor is nice, the wait staff is wonderful, but the food is nasty. I am sorry, I try to support local businesses but I just can't lie. The prices are great, don't get me wrong but the food needs more "soul" added. We ordered the pork chop dinner with two sides. We also bought a side of peach cobbler.  The pork chops were OK, but fried hard. The greens were so bitter, and not tender at all. I almost vomited trying to choke them down. My husband stated that they were the worst that he has ever had. My daughter ( who happens to eat anything) wouldn't even eat hers.  The black eyed peas were either previously frozen or out of a can and tasted "green" . Being an avid sweet eater... I prayed that the peach cobbler would be better... oh no it was not. The peaches were great and the seasonings were good, but the crust was gummy and dumpling like. It was not good. No I will NEVER go back!
Food was 5 star!  Service was a little slow, but we would definitely return!
First lunch in Pensacola and husband is already planning to come back again during our weeklong stay in Pensacola Beach. Fried chicken was divine.  We shared 4 sides: cheese grits, fried okra, pineapple coleslaw, and red beans and rice. First three were top notch and the rb&r was fine, but not amazing. Husband had fried oyster po boy. Nice amount of oysters and good bun (usually a weak point in my opinion.) Mint tea was perfect. Did I mention the fried chicken?  Do not miss!
This place is pretty good, the music was fun, a little loud, but of course that's live music.  The food was alright too, I don't really have complaints other than they were out of the happy hour beer special before happy hour was over.  I had the crab cakes with mashed potatoes and some sweet potatoe fries and it was all alright.
get the fried chicken
I always recommend Five Sisters to people looking for quality food in a comfortable environment. The ambiance of this place is great and all of the yummy comfort food never disappoints.
The food here is pretty good, and there is a really cool atmosphere. They also sometimes have a live band on the weekends.
Great food. Experienced some slow service, but that does not keep me from going back!
Five sisters is a fantastic place to have a good southern meal. From fried chicken, pulled pork to collard greens and black-eyed peas anything that you would consider a southern staple is available. My wife and I went on a Saturday around noon and it wasn't very crowded, although it is off-season. My wife had the smothered pork chops and it was one of the most tender Pork-chops she had ever had.  It was wonderful, I tasted it as well. I had the pulled pork plate which I ordered with fried okra and macaroni and cheese. All three were excellent. It was served with two barbecue sauces. Both sauces were excellent and I look forward to eating there again. The cost of the meal is not bad at all, my pulled pork pork plate was 9.95 and my wife's smothered pork chop was 10.95. We definitely will be going back again.
Nice greeting as we entered.  It was an early lunch Saturday so ahead of the crowds.  We sat where we wanted to and started with the soup special - Corn/Chicken chowder.  This would have been an excellent choice had they used less sage or none at all as it over powered the roasted corn/chicken flavor.  Main course were Ribs (fell of the bones but very Smokey) and Fried Chicken (out standing and the hit of our meal).  Sides were black-eye peas (good), collards (great), dressing (not so good unless you really like sage - over powered the dish), yams (OK - undercooked but good flavor), mac & cheese (good per my wife - fair at best for me).  Overall nice place to dine but can get noisy if crowded.  Good experience and will return in the near future.
I selected this restaurant for my birthday because I had had a good experience at a brunch the week before . loved the atmosphere.  Before I ordered my son warned me he had read reviews on line that someone had had a bad experience ordering chicken and waffles at about 5pm, the time we were coming in. It was 5:30 and I did not pay much attention to what he said and ordered it anyway. i had had the waffle for brunch and everyone says the chicken is the best. Big mistake. i ordered a thigh and a breast. The thigh was 1/3 the size of any normal  thigh I had ever seen, like wing size and the breast was very very small and dry looking. I tried the thigh first and it was so dried out. i did not even try the breast it was hard to stick a fork in. I asked the waitress if it was left over from lunch and to please take it away. She offered to bring something else or redo it. I told her I did not want it at all any more. She was very nice and cooked up 2 more pieces anyway to go for my son. They were nice size and fresh looking. could tell they were freshly fried and not left overs. My waffle was also cold and soft. I asked her to please heat it so butter would melt on it. She had them cook another. She said it was fresh out of the waffle iron. Everyone else  was finished eating by now. The second waffle tasted like it was a microwave one . It was not crisp like the breakfast one i have a week earlier had been. I had never sent back food before. This was a first for me.  Maybe it is the time of day, but i have to now say do not order the chicken and waffles at 5:30.  My husbands red beans and rice were very good and my son ordered the red fish special and he enjoyed his as well. I probably will return but will never order waffles late in the day and will stay away from fried chicken.  If you order it ask them to cook it fresh. Spoke with one of the owners a few days later and she was very apologetic.  She said they were having difficulty with some of the staff and with chicken distributor and were taking care of the problem. Invited me to come try it again. i had already planned to come back. I did really like the atmosphere and everyone else was happy with their dinners.  Maybe just bad luck on my part.
