This review is really for So Gourmet, the attached kitchen store. I went to see a tv segment filmed in the test kitchen upstairs and the space is beautiful, I can easily imagine it being great for cooking classes. While I was there I saw the shop but didn't need anything. However then my sister and I decided to cure and smoke some salmon for Father's Day--but realized we were running out of time for curing the fish and needed to get started right away. I went to bodacious olive before it had really opened, explained I had a specialty appliance emergency and they graciously took me up to the store and helped me buy a stove top smoker. Excellent customer service and great selection of products!
An amazing store! A destination in itself. We found it by accident last year and came back to find it again. You'll never view oil and vinegar the same again. They'll change the way you cook and make the kitchen fun!
This is my second time eating here. Once again I am not disappointed. I got the Julia Child last time and ordered it again this time. It is delicious. And their croissants are authentic. I'm never too full but I don't leave hungry either. The servers are so nice and patient. There is free two hour parking nearby and you can buy specialty food gifts at the adjacent store, The Bodacious Olive. If you are looking for a nice brunch on a great morning, you have to come here.
With all this hullabaloo going on about how you can't trust the olive oil in supermarkets (it's often pasteurized and you don't get any if the benefits of olive oil), you have to buy olive oil from places you can trust--the Bodacious Olive is one of them. You'll be lost in this store for at least an hour trying all the olive oils and decadent balsamics. Do yourself a favor and don't go hungry or you'll make a meal out of olive oil and bread--okay wait, that doesn't sound so bad! Another cool thing this place does is host chef cooking parties several times a month. I haven't done one yet but plan to.
The Bodacious Olive is just that "BODACIOUS". This awesome little shop, not only contains all things olive oil, but all the things balsamic. Although the vinegars are secondary product, the kind of steal the show. You never really tried olive oil to you try the cilantro and roasted onion olive oil, it's mind blowing. With a little feta cheese and you are in the heavens. my friend that makes a super salad and that is what makes the Bodacious Olive, Bodacious! Just the flavored oils are the draw, But, Bodacious Olive has more, they have a small,gourmet counter, that sell's bread and pasta, and for those who can't wait, they have a professional grade kitchen, where I imagine the'll be doing cooking classes. I think that staff will be able to pull it off. Some of my favorites there are: Cilantro and Roasted Onion Olive Oil Chipolte Olive Oil Lime Infused Olive Oil White Truffle Olive Oil Honey Ginger White Balsamic Maple Balsamic Blake Berry Balsamic The Oils and Vinegar's are reasonable priced, and will turn anyone into a food snob. Pensacola is growing up, I can't wait to see whats the next thing around the corner. So, why the four star and not the five. Well two things, firstly when they get busy, there kind of in the weeds, so you have to be patent, but remember patents pays! Secondly, I would like other exotics, and in gourmet items, that Winn Dixie, Publix or Joe Patti's doesn't have. They have all this great oil and vinegar, but they do need a more amazing side show!
Wonderful shop that features not only olive oils, but a huge selection of infused balsamic vinegars. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. I've been to shops similar in other cities and this one stands out because there are 3 sizes to choose from and all priced reasonably. I didn't check out the wine or cheese options too much, but would on return visit. My recommendations: Dark chocolate balsamic vinegar Jalapeno white balsamic vinegar Apricot white balsamic vinegar Black Truffle olive oil
I love this place. Friendly staff, the tasting us fun. We have shopped here a few times (the organic garlic olive oil- O M Geeee!), and attended a wine and chocolate tasting as well. The set up is really nice. I'm happy that they are making downtown more of a shopping area. The vinegars are all really unique, we have purchased for ourselves and as gifts. The oils are wonderful. Their Facebook page is informative, which I like (how we found out about the tastings). Save your bottles for a small amount off your next purchase.
What a wonderful olive oil/balsamic bar!  Love it!
