I just had the best experience here. The grits were perfect. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. The service was awesome! I was a solo diner and my server made sure to keep me company. He even had my order placed in front of a huge group that ordered before me. I will go there again and I will be asking for Joseph.
Beautiful outdoor seating on the bay. Great relaxed ambiance. I had the Grits a Ya Ya and it was one of the best shrimp and grits dishes I have ever had. The service was great. Our waitress was friendly and very on top of things. I will definitely be visiting more often.
Friendly service, great view of the water and amazing and unique kids menu "California rolls, popcorn shrimp etc.". A great choice for downtown Pensacola.
The Fish House is an incredible Pensacola location. It sits on the water with friendly staff and rustic surroundings. The vibe is laid back yet can be dressed up as needed. The food was amazing. We tried the fried claws and they were terrific with a nice crunchy coating and fresh seafood taste. Moving on we enjoyed the corn fritters which were some of the best I have had. A light, tender batter encasing the sweet corn and goodness. Next, I had the sampler plate and upgraded to the grouper. The fried oysters were not my favorite but that is more of a preference than a reflection on quality. All the dipping sauces and sides were great. I can recommend this spot for great local flare, friendly and competent staff and good food. You wont regret a stop here. My wife enjoyed the famed ya-ya grits and shrimp - it was rich and tasty. We finished it off with key lime pie. The menu is something I'd like to eat through.
Best $22 salad I have ever had (this did include tip). From the menu: Strawberry Salad Fresh spring greens tossed in a homemade strawberry vinaigrette with fresh strawberries, blueberries, cucumbers, shaved onion, and grape tomatoes; finished with crumbled feta and toasted almonds.   So I said 'I'll have one of those, can you forget the onions and add grilled mahi mahi?" why yes we can...the didn't forget the onions unfortunately but they did add some perfectly fresh grilled fish.  Was very delish!
No complaints here my husband and I had sautéed crab claws was expecting just a simple butter garlic sauce however it is a remoulade type sauce but tasty. We ordered a seafood platter and shrimp ya ya. Everything was good the server Chris was excellent. We will put this on our list of places to eat in Pensacola.
PERFECT DATE NIGHT! Low lighting, romantic ambience, top notch service, incredible food.  Could not ask for a better experience. William was our server and was very attentive and understanding. Took asparagus off my bill because they were too bland. And also made sure I was content with my drink. I ordered the famous GRITS A YA YA even though I've never had a good experience with grits. They honestly tasted more like mashed potatoes and the sauce was one of a kind. DELICIOUS! I also had the fish house chowder and I DEVOURED it- I almost forgot to breathe. It was so chunky and soooo tasty! :) They don't take reservations, but there wasn't any wait time for me. Parking was a breeze which Was unusual for me. This is definitely my new favorite restaurant in pensacola.
I haven't eaten here in several years, and probably would have given it 4 stars based on memories (I even bought the chef's cookbook). This visit was a slightly different story. At our table, we had grilled Mahi Mahi, blackened grouper and shrimp, plus fried oysters and crab cakes. The fish and shrimp were perfectly cooked, crab cakes were pretty good, and the fried oysters were OK (I thought the batter was a bit heavy, that's a personal preference though). But the sides and extras were lacking that little something that makes you feel like you got a good value for your $25 entree. For example, Mahi tacos are served on ordinary flour tortillas with the same sides you can do at home (avocado slices, lettuce, tomato, 2 salsas, cream). I was hoping for something even slightly adventurous. The crab cakes had that spirit, with an Asian-inspired sauce, crunchy noodles and seaweed. The food was good, but not great. Very good service, very good atmosphere. I will probably go back someday, but will remember to avoid the basics, and stick with the bold dishes.
Romantic atmosphere, right on the water.  Food was ok, friendly service, fresh food, but nothing to write home about.  Like previous poster noted, great place to sit in the evening outside and sip on some wine.
This place looked old and from the outside but it was nice.  We were sat immediately and the waiter was ok but friendly.  The sangria seemed to be more fruit juice than wine but it was down smooth on the June night.  I had the special Mahi-Mahi and it was wonderful loved the spicy slaw.  I could have passed on the pasta.  My husband had snapper and he enjoyed it.  We were pleasantly surprised that they served mac and cheese for our son and it was quite good.
Two words-- LADIES NIGHT. Don't go for the food-- pricey & not all that great. But drinks with you're girls on a Wednesday night, So. Much. Fun. The ambiance is perfect, right on the marina. And ladies, you can actually get dolled up and wear heels! (Which I found is a rarity in this town.) The restaurant itself is beautiful & the bathrooms are super clean. You're going to want to clear your Wednesday (& Thursday) nights!;)
We finally decided to give it a try. I got the famous grits and shrimp. They were the best. Grits were not to cheesy and the shrimp were cooked to perfection. The wife also got shrimp, which was ok to her standards. The kid got popcorn shrimp, it was the best popcorn shrimp I had for a very long time. We went when they were having a craft beer festival. Not the best time to go.  Staff was extra busy, and going back and forth a lot. Our sitting arrangements was not the best, our view was blocked by a line for the beer.  I believe will return again to give it another go, overall good.  The food was good enough to bring us back to give the customer experience a second try.
I have been a huge fan of the Fish House since I moved to Pensacola a decade ago.  The food and service has always been top notch.  However, something has happened in the last few months, and the food is nowhere near as good as it used to be.  The service is still wonderful and the atmosphere is nice, but this is not the same food I've been eating for the past 10 years. I spent $75 for a very mediocre lunch for 2 people. I wish I had stuck to my plans of getting the Grits-a-Ya-Ya, but I opted for the special, which sounded divine. "Parmesan crusted snapper on a bed of fresh papardelle noodles in a lobster fennel cream sauce with spinach and mushrooms."   Sounds AMAZING doesn't it??   Nope. Was one of the toughest, most overcooked pieces of fish I've probably ever had, and could barely cut it with a fork. FISH! The sauce on the pasta was essentially flavorless.  Not necessarily offensive, but basically a flavorless milk sauce that salt didn't really help.  Was very disappointed. I left half of it on the plate, and politely informed the waitress why when she came to take away my plate.  She did not offer to take it off the bill, but did offer me a free dessert. :-/ I'll certainly try you again, dear Fish House.  I used to love you so much.  But there's a low rumble among the foodie community here in Pensacola that "something" has happened over there.  I don't know what it is, but PLEASE fix it and and bring back your excellent attention to detail and properly prepared seafood. You were not your usual self today.
This is a famous one, but during this time of the year, when lots of tourists, they didn't pay much attentions. We ordered a salad, but the tomato and strawberry are really not fresh.
We both had the signature Grit's-A-YA YA.   We agreed it was pretty tasty and I'm glad we got the smaller Brunch size because it was plenty! Our server was excellent he was on point at every turn.  We waited at the bar for our table and had a couple of beers.  (Both beers from PBB were great)  The young lady tending bar was a bit unfriendly.  Maybe she was having a bad day? Overall, we will return.  Nice view too. :)
This restaurant was recommended to us by our hotel staff and we went on our first night here. We sat right on the water. The seafood was delicious and the portions generous. My husband got the grits as recommended and even I liked them and am not normally a huge fan of grits. The waitstaff was very friendly and welcoming also. Was a great place for the whole fam!
Overall a very good place to eat! Husband & I came for lunch. Server did a decent job, kept things full & checked on us pretty often. The food was really good! Nice atmosphere, music was good, they have a bar, too. I ordered mahi mahi fried with lemon pepper sauce, collard greens & house mashed potatoes. Very good! I would definitely come back.
This should be a 3$ restaurant. I'm from New Orleans so my food bias may be high. For $23-28 an entree, I expected more subtlety and depth in the seasoning and sauce. The tiamasu was outstanding.
Excellent food, atmosphere, and service! Sitting on the patio overlooking the water, under a full moon tonight...doesn't get better than that!!
I have to say, I'm confused with all the great reviews this place is getting. Other than a great view, there wasn't much that was impressive. The crab cakes tasted gooey, bland and were lukewarm. Bad combination.  My snapper was modestly okay but on the small side and a bit over salted. The thing that bothered me the most was the "must try" Gouda cheese grits. No way this was freshly made to order as it basically looked and tasted like stuck plastic on my plate. Pass on this place.
The atmosphere was nice and the food was very reasonably priced. The waitress was very attentive and made some great food/wine suggestions. The only thing I didn't enjoy was the way the mahi came blackened. Still had a strong fishy taste and not really any seasoning.
Usually my favorite place on the gulf coast. Grouper over cooked at a "Fish House" is unacceptable. I will say the service was impeccable and I was delivered another piece of fish....too bad it was over cooked as well. As for my oysters....outstanding. Grouper does not need to taste like my shoe sole......
Went for lunch. Get the ya-ya sauce for your grits.  Phillip was a great waiter.  Honey beer was great
This used to be one of our favorites. We were really disappointed on this visit. Fish over cooked, everyone's. Way over priced for the quality.  The service was down right horrible. Waitress was missing in action and never saw a manager.
We came here for a private event and had a private room. The room and service were great. Beautiful vintage posters on the wall and bottles of wine as decorations. We had a private server and she did an excellent job serving all 16 of us. The menu for our event was a smaller menu but it had a good selection. Unfortunately the food was just OK. I had a shrimp po boy and the shrimp were cooked well but the sandwich was hard to close and there was almost no corn salsa on it, despite it being advertised on the menu. The tartar sauce was really good though. So, some really nice things and others that needed some work. Overall I had a great time, but would order something else next time.
My family dined here in May and we were pleased to have one of the best dinners we have EVER had. The Ahi with lobster fennel sauce is to die for and the Gouda grits  were amazing!  We will be returning to Pensacola in August and are looking  forward to coming back to the Fish House.
The bacon appetizer with sweet potato an apricot was to die for. The sushi was extremely good we got the eel roll. The drinks were good as well no disappointment there. I ordered the strawberry salad fresh spring greens tossed in a homemade strawberry vinaigrette with fresh strawberries blueberries cucumbers shaved onion grape tomatoes finished with crumbled feta and toasted almonds. It was to be topped with a piece of mahi mahi fish blackened. The fish came extremely overcooked and tasteless I sent it back and the next fish came about half the size of the first one an extremely thin very hot and overcooked still with absolutely no flavor. I did not want the onion and it came anyways. I have to say that the waiter was absolutely charming and extremely attentive he tried very hard too bad the fish was so much a showstopper.
Loved it!!! Great atmosphere, great service, great food! I had the crab stuffed mahi mahi its was good but i did not like the sauce that came with it so i asked for the yaya sauce instead and it was perfect. The calamari was amazing also! The waiter was great and very cooperative.
Minimum wait with 1-2 sections not open on the patio. However, live music playing in bar area, which was nice to enjoy. The service was excellent. Dustin was his name and he created an enjoyable environment. The food was excellent. The best I have had in Pensacola. I had the pecan crusted grouper which Dustin recommended. The desserts were excellent as well. A place I would definitely visit each time I'm in town.
Very mediocre pub type food. The World Famous Grits are smothered in something that tasted vaguely like Campbell's mushroom soup. The "spicy" fish tacos were spicy if you consider salt a spicy spice. I could not even taste the Mahi Mahi. Bland bland bla bla bla. This is yet another Pensacola eating establishment that doesn't have the faintest idea what constitutes good food. I've been fasting lately and having a small-bowl lunch meal of fresh mixed greens, shrimp and veggies. The best thing about my lunch? I can TASTE the different foods on my plate. What a concept. The Fish House should try it sometime.
If you ant a great meal in a bay setting with lots of young and beautiful folks hanging around while you eat, go here.  The place is very nice without being stuffy.  The wait staff is knowledgable but not pushy sand if you ask for a wine recommendation - you get a real one and not a sales job for the highest price bottle in stock.  All-around it is a great night out.  Try to make it for sunset.
The food here sucks. Don't go. Not a single item served was good. The shrimp in my New Orleans Style Barbecue Shrimp gave up their little lives in vain. Wow. Whomever came up with the recipe should not be allowed in kitchens where cooking for humans is conducted. I don't know what they were going for, but New Orlean's style barbecue shrimp, it was not.  Oh, 12 tiny shrimp for like $25. Just saying. My father-in-law's steak was brought to the table cold and gray. He begrudgingly ate the thing and I felt bad for him. I didn't try the famous, featured, super-special shrimp and grits. To me they looked like a gloppy mess. One of my dining companions said they were "OK". I considered giving this restaurant two stars because giving it only one isn't fair to the waitstaff, who were courteous, knowledgeable and prompt -- but I just can't. This was the single worst meal I have had in a while and people should be warned. Dear waitstaff of the Fish House -- Your talents are wasted here! Go find a decent restaurant at which to work. Private to the Fish House hostesses -- We can totally see the hostess stand from inside the restaurant. When one of you scratched your ass while your buddy was picking her nose? Yeah, we saw that. Stay Classy, Fish House!
Food alone would have been 2 stars, but the atmosphere with live music and a beautiful scenery brought it up to 3 stars. Service was ok, nothing over the top. I had the ribeye and split it with my buddy who had the blackened mahi mahi. Ribeye was not very flavorful but cooked to the correct temp. Mahi was over cooked. The mashed potatoes was the highlight of the meal, very fluffy and creamy, definitely not healthy but delish! Don't have high expectations for food (pricey for the quality you get) but it is a fun and romantic setting. Would recommend going for drinks and small finger food not a meal.
This place is better than some places I have been to on the Florida gulf coast but not the best service. I came here just for oysters with my family so I figured the bar was the best choice since we were not dining  full service dinner. Very nice, large bar with lots of space but the bartenders where TERRIBLE! One looked like she was going to give birth any moment, of course pregnant woman need to pay the bills but maternity leave is okay specially if you serve alcohol. Some like to drink with their bartenders but that was not happening regardless of pregnancy. Neither of the female bartenders offered refills on water, they did not encourage us to even have more than one drink not to mention were unfriendly, lacked any kind of warmth or interest in the patrons who fill their pockets. Some advice I would give them if I was their manager is to smile and you'll make more money if you show you care about your customer after all you do work in customer service. The oysters were not bad, the calamari was battered in a very heavy batter and over cooked. The specialty drinks tasted a little premixed and lacked love, the view for outside seating was splendid. Will I return probably NOT and if for some reason I do... I will not sit at the bar.
So far, I am convinced that The Fish House has the best food in Pensacola.  My husband and I have been to The Deck several times for happy hour and always have a great time.  They have good live music and a fun atmosphere right on the water.  We also took my in laws for dinner to the main restaurant.  There is often a wait but we just headed over to The Deck and had a drink while we waited.  I can definitely see why there was still at wait at 9pm when we left...the food is incredible!  Ordering the smoked gouda cheese grits as a side is a MUST-they are amazing.  I had the fish tacos which came with a ridiculous amount of fixing and FIVE huge delicious tacos!  My husband had the crab stuffed mahi mahi and still raves about it.  My in laws both loved their meals as well as the whole atmosphere of The Fish House. (We sat outside on the water) The food is definitely a little pricy (dinner entrees ~$20-30) but for the quality and portion size, I'm not sure how anyone could say The Fish House food isn't great.
The Fish House is a superb dining restaurant in downtown Pensacola, FL that sits on the water with a nice ambience with a casual laid back setting. The quality of food, the waiters, and manager were all very attentive which made the overall experience quite pleasant! The World-Famous Grits a Ya Ya will not leave your taste buds disappointed, but the Gumbo, and Triggerfish Pasta were all mouth watering as well.  If you're in the area and looking for a place to relax and enjoy some good food, then I highly recommend The Fish House.
Sat on the patio for an absolutely delightful final meal in Pensacola. Right on the water, sipping on wine, eating Grits a Ya Ya - life doesn't get much better. We arrived around 7pm so we could be there for sunset and waited about 20 minutes (after being told 45min-1hr). I like short waits. We would have waited longer. The food is plentiful -- I had the Grits a Ya Ya because I love some good Southern grits and this place is certainly known for it. Best I've had in a while. My boyfriend had the daily special - a stuffed grouper (if I remember correctly) and it was just fantastic. So fresh, meaty, but not over the top with richness. The table across from us had some really tasty looking sushi -- I wish we would have got some as an appetizer. The live music on the patio was just getting started up when we were getting ready to leave - I bet the place is even more entertaining with a little local live jam session.
This place was great. My husband had the famous dish and I had the seafood sampler and they were both yummy. We brought our two kids along with us and our toddler really enjoyed his popcorn shrimp. I recommend eating here!
Great place to eat, food is delicious, the shrimp and Gouda grits are wonderful, overlooks the water and easy to park. Dress is casual and there is outside eating.
Perfect Birthday day gift. Best shrimp grits I've ever had. Came here just once a few years back and I've never forgotten the shrimp and grits ya ya, words can't even describe how this amazing dish. Fish House was a terrific birthday experience, love the atmosphere, loved the service, loved the food, especially the shrimp and grits, Ok I'll stop, fine dining at its best. Wanted to wait till I visited again to post since it had been some time since my visit, but hopefully they haven't changed their ways. Can't wait to go back.
This should be a 2.5 star rating. The calamari was terrible and ruined my feelings towards the rest of the meal. The calamari had a fried mozzarella stick breading and was chewy. Some of the resembled fish sticks. The ginger sauce was the highlight of the dish. We had a dragon roll which was standard. The shrimp and grits were ok - the grits and sauce were great. The shrimp didn't taste the freshest. Upside is a decent beer list.
Our wait for seating at Sunday lunch was 25 minutes.  If they took reservations, I'd give them a five.  As it is, I give 'em a three and a half.
I had Sunday brunch at the fish house and enjoyed one of the most delicious bloody Mary's I've had for only 2$. I had the sesame tuna which was unbelievable. The service was also incredible and I can't think of a better way to eat lunch than on the deck in the sun.
Went here while I was working in the area.  Food was excellent, fish was fresh, very Gluten Free Friendly for my fellow glutards.  I was by myself so I sat at the bar and watched sports the whole time.  Place was pretty packed for a week day.   Service was on point for food and drinks.  I'd come back again.
5 stars cause it was the best shrimp and grits ever!!! The grits were very creamy and cheesy. The crispy sweet potatoes strings on top were delish n the shrimp was cooked to perfection. The greens melted in your mouth and exceed my expectations! But - the fried green tomatoes were sliced a little thick for me and the crab claws were good but messy and not better than the ones at Copelands (my foodies know the Copelands in ATL). The waiter (initials SS) was impatient and couldn't been a lot more personable. I'll be back for the food but definitely not the service...
Ate here Saturday night. 30min wait. Not bad had a couple of beers on the deck bar. Once I got inside, things were winding down so my server was not that busy, but the service was very slow. Seldom came back to check on me. Food. Had the sampler with snapper, fried oysters and BBQ shrimp. The pecan crust on the snapper was good and the shrimp were great. The oysters were lost in the batter. Key lime pie for dessert. Fair. The meringue was very good. The pie had no flavor and this green sweet sauce had been "drizzled" on the plate which I could've done without. On a do over I would have gotten just the shrimp.
Andrew Zimmern said it's a not-to-miss spot!!  Well shoot, if it's good enough for Bizzare Foods, it's definitely good enough for me.  Bro said Happy Hour is lively.  Place is right on the water with tons of heat lamps for dancing the night away.   Very nice inside and could tell by the clientele, this is one of the more upscale places in Pensacola.  Their sister restaurant, Jackson's is supposed to be awesome, but they were closed that night.  Our server was the most darling man, very southern, very sweet, and loves food as much as me!!   FOOD -Crab Cake Meunière were made with jumbo lump crab cake with bourbon Creole mustard, pecan meunière sauce and potato hay. -Dragon Roll consisted of soft-shell crab topped with rim and eel sauce -Rim Tuna was spiced and seared rare, sliced thin and served with a wasabi-crème fraîche and rim sauce -Gulf Sampler came with blacked tilapia, plump fried oysters and fried jumbo shrimp.  Side of smoked gouda cheese grits and asparagus.  Grits were a bit too stiff and dry, but very tasty. -Scallop Ponchartrain was AMAZING.  Blackened scallops served over linguini pasta with sautéed shrimp, crawfish, and andouille.  Superstar dish of the night!! -Platter of Fried Plump Oysters rolled in seasoned cracker meal and fried golden brown.  Side of green chile onion rice and corn fritters, which were a bit dry. -If you order the salad, try the miso vinaigrette--mmhh delish! Food-wise, it's very good in contrast to other local restaurants.  If I wanted to be critical, I could say the shrimp should have been butterflied, lighter on the fried breading, but this the south and that's how they do it, so it's all good!
Where to begin?  Short and sweet, you're better off going to McDonald's and getting the fillet of fish and saving an good hundred.     Long story, How is your fresh catch of the day Tilapia and Salmon?   WTF, I didn't know that those were in the Gulf, silly  me.  We ordered the dynamite roll that was drowned in sriracha.   You couldn't tell if the tuna was fresh or a week old.  Then we tried to order the soul roll but they were out.  How does one run out of an appetizer at 5:00 pm?  So we were told how wonderful the crab claws were, so we ordered them.  There were very few for the $13 and again drowned in some buttery sauce probably cause they don't know how to cook.   On to dinner, my salad with grilled salmon.  The salmon was under-cooked, the canned pears were not caramelized fresh pears and the miso vinaigrette, which was more cream-based rather than vinegar-based, sucked. I also ordered a side of their famous gouda grits.  They were mushy and cold and I didn't taste gouda. My brother order the Sunday Supper of chicken fried steak, asparagus, and black eyes peas.  The whole meal was bland and the asparagus were covered in a lemon butter sauce.   My husband ordered the catch of the day with collards, and corn fritters.  He upgraded to red fish, instead of the "local" tilapia and salmon, which probably should have been the catch of the day.  However, if that was the case they wouldn't be able to charge you the extra $5.00 for the upgrade.  The fish was totally over cooked and again a cream sauce that wasn't mentioned was poured on top.  I believe they were trying to add some moisture back into the fish flesh: it didn't work.  The corn fritters were super sweet, so sweet in fact that when we threw them into the water of the bay, the ducks spit them back out.  The collards were sweet too and looked to have mold on the leaves.   The only thing that was worth eating was the hot sauce and beer.  So if you don't like food and like throwing away money, then this is the place for you.
Uncle Sam sent me on a drinking trip to Pensacola, and I ended up on the back porch of a place aptly named, "Fish House".  It was 70 and sunny and the Eastern facing deck was shaded from the setting sun.  It opened onto the bay, well stocked with yachts. I had the 1800 Tequila Wings, and Crab Cakes with green tomato chutney, and four beers  -- all local brands from the tap in 16 ounce plastic cups.  It was easy to tell when one beer stopped and the other started, because a cool breeze was just strong enough to set the cup to sail. Kelly at the bar asked before she drizzled the 1800 onto my wings, an addition that created a tremendous flavor.  The crab cakes sent me back into the menu to see just what the sauce was made from, on the off chance that I could recreate it and save myself the trouble of leaving the house ever again. A great one-man-act, complete with faux hawk, button-down shirt, and highway patrol shades took the stage, and accompanied the dark blue bay as it turned to steel gray, and then disappeared altogether.
We keep giving them another chance after another chance... and leave disappointed every time. Had dinner there last night (Wed 4/11). Our waiter was excellent - great timing, answered every question, not intrusive and we tipped him accordingly, after all, it's not his fault the food is below average. We ordered some oysters on half shelf --- very disappointing, they were too small (compared to what we had for lunch at the Grand Marlin ( Pensacola Beach) earlier that day). They also were less expensive at Grand Marlin. The baked oysters we ordered had some grit in them, The wine we ordered was fairly priced, drinks were strong - no complaints there. The menu was very limited, especially for someone trying to eat healthy - I found only one item (besides raw oysters) that didnt include smth fried, heavy cream, butter, cheese/sodium -- and that was the srawberry salad (tasty but nothing to write home about). Anyhow... besides the view and the drinks, this place doesnt have much to offer.
Shrimp & grits...! Fabulous, tasty, creamy, rich, flavorful, delicious! I can't imagine ever going anywhere else in Pensacola for shrimp & grits. They've got it right at The Fish House. Succulent shrimp and creamy grits. You can't go wrong by ordering this dish. Trust me! The restaurant is in a cool location, is nicely decorated and has a huge, beautiful tropical fish tank. The staff is quite nice and the service is speedy. I'll definitely eat here when I visit Pensacola next time!
Went here a while ago whilst visiting Pensacola. Pretty much every local suggested Fish House so we checked it out. The food was decent. Wasn't knock your socks off amazing, but good enough. I got the grits A' Ya Ya. Was decent, not as great as the ingredients would suggest. Date got grilled fish. We had a couple drinks, but to be honest they sucked hard. The highlight was the view, as we were seated outside over the water. Nice view, but the restaurant isn't much more than a tourist trap we got sucked into.
Ate here twice while I was visiting Pensacola; once for dinner, once for brunch. Everyone liked their dinner; my wife thought that the grits were especially amazing.  Our waiter really went above and beyond to take care of us.   In general, brunch is not my favorite meal.  But I actually preferred it to the dinner here, for one reason: BEIGNETS!  ohmygosh they were so delicious... I wish I could have just kept on eating them nonstop, but I had to share with everyone else at my table.  grrrr!  The bottomless mimosas made everything better still. The indoor seating is nice for dinner; the outdoor seating is great for Sunday brunch.
Three friends and I recently dined at Fish House while in Pensacola for a wedding. While the entire trip was sheer pleasure, my trip would have been totally worth it if just to dine at Fish House. Our entire experience was magnificent. From the service to the food to the atmosphere, Fish House receives the highest marks. The only flaw of the entire experience was upon checking in at the host stand. The hostess asked us if we wanted to dine at Fish House or Atlas Oyster House without any explanation of the difference between the two. We were a little confused as we weren't aware that there are two restaurants in one. Very minor snafu that didn't deter anything about the evening. The hostess sat us on the Fish House deck right up against the small cove of the gulf. The sun was just setting and the scene was truly picturesque. It was beautiful. Our server greeted us in a timely manner and offered drinks. She was great. I really like it when servers bring their personality with their great service. This server did and, of course, I can't remember her name. If it helps management (assuming they read these reviews based on some review updates), we dined on Monday, October 11 and our server was a female probably around 24-25. I do remember she said she was attending college. The drinks were also great. While you might think that a fresh seafood restaurant would focus so diligently on their seafood offerings that other areas, like the bar, would suffer. Not the case at Fish House. I ordered the Pear Ginger Cobbler, a cocktail of Three Olives vodka, ginger liqueur, pear nectar, sour mix, and sparkling wine. It was the perfect blend of spirits that made for one hell of a drink! Now onto the food! For appetizers, we ordered Cracker Crusted Crab Claws, Italian Calamari and Rim Tuna. The claws were perfectly breaded and the sauce that accompanied them was delicious. There wasn't anything spectacular about the calamari. Don't get me wrong, it was great, but I've found better calamari in Kansas City. The Rim Tuna was awesome! Perfectly seasoned and seared, it was so fresh and the Rim Sauce served with it was a delicious and unique and really "made" the dish. I also started with a house salad, which was, again, nothing spectacular, but tasty. The Miso dressing, on the other hand, was beyond spectacular. It was one of the best dressing I've had. I put it to the side and used it to dip bread. I easily could have licked the ramekin, but I resisted the temptation. For the main course, I had to get the World-Famous Grits A Ya Ya. And I'm glad I did! The shrimp was seasoned nicely, but the true star of this dish was the grits! I've had grits before, but each time I've had them they seem to be of a creamy texture somewhat similar to Cream of Wheat. I guess I've never had REAL grits before...until now! These grits were firm and thick and loaded with Gouda! The cream sauce over the top put this dish over the top. I'm drooling as I write this thinking of how much I enjoyed it. Finally, for dessert, the four of us shared a (huge) slice of key lime pie. This key lime pie came topped with meringue, which I've not had before. It was so delicious and the perfect ending to a very memorable dining experience.
Apparently the bar staff frowns on the patrons enjoying a few drinks ( by a few , I mean six or eight. Not sure, I lost count) before dinner...no worries, I still managed to  enjoy a excellent meal of fresh Amberjack and sushi...they could lay off putting the mayo infused sauce on every piece of sushi though, just a thought Fish House. Still love you but on my next visit, I will come near the drunk point and avoid spending my cash at the bar. Yes, I have a designated driver, I just don't trust them to drive!
Fish House has always been a solid "go to" on visits to Pensacola, but I fear they've stumbled.  The menu is somewhat limited and hasn't evolved much.  How can a fish restaurant not offer fish and chips?  The "Catch of the day" is Talapia  EVERY day with a vague up charge for anything else.  The chef was very accommodating in substituting the stuffing from the mahi mahi to the grouper.  Sadly, while the stuffing and orzo were delicious, the grouper was utterly tasteless.  NO bread for the table even though two of us had salad entrees.  $7 for a bowl of soup is just "crazy talk"! Our server was efficient, but I felt a bit of an attitude when 3 of 4 only ordered water to drink. I'm afraid I left feeling like we were the "Catch of the Day".
A bit pricey, but the atmosphere makes it well worth it if you're looking for a romantic evening.  The food is good and on par with other seafood places.  I think you're paying more for the location, which is fine.  This was our last dinner during our vacation, and the food, table by the water and live music made for a perfect evening.
One of my favorite restaurants in Pensacola. This waterside seafood restaurant is a great place to eat and becomes quite the lively night drink spot in the evenings on the back patio.   I have eaten here probably 30-40 times, and when living in the area would go almost every week for their Sunday Brunch (intermittently going to Atlas next door instead).  The prices are moderate for a good seafood place.  For brunch the fish of the day with sides is $11, for dinner it goes up a few dollars.  The specialty dish 'Grits a YaYa' go for 14.5 for brunch and I believe 16.5 for dinner.   We have rarely gone wrong with anything from the menu, I'm partial to the Blackened Tilapia (try the Asian dressing for your salad) and my wife will order various dishes.  The MoMa Salad is a favorite. Overall your bill for 2 will probably be around 50 for dinner, which for a nice place is well within reason.  If it's nice out sit on the outdoor patio.  Dress is nice-casual during the day, but you could go nicer and not be out of place.  You will also see jeans and shirts. Overall a great place for seafood in Pensacola.
I went to Fish House last week for the first time in years and it has really changed - the menu and the atmosphere.   Everything on the menu (including the chicken dishes) is very expensive.  That's not to say that it's not worth it - all the dishes I've ever had have been amazing - but it's definitely worth noting.  I had the Applewood Bacon Encrusted Salmon and it was YUM!!  My only complaint is that our waiter was odd.  It's hard to explain, but he just rubbed me the wrong way.   I've also been to the outdoor bar for drinks with a friend on a nice fall-in-Pensacola night and it was great.  There is a small stage where they had some live music, attentive bar staff, reasonably priced drinks.  I was not impressed with the clientle (LA-type girls, self-advertised Sammy's strippers, guys who thought they had died and gone to heaven because of the presence of the aforementioned Sammy's girls, you get the idea), but I guess you can't have it all.
Due to the swift response I received form the Fish House I am going to write a little more on it; Walking up the The Fish House, and Atlatas is beautiful to start out with, both hold a seaside atmosphere to them (considering they are next to the ocean that's probably for the best, but some places don't pull off the pleasantness). My wife and I were greeted by multiple hostesses who swiftly got us to a table. Upon reaching the table our server came and offered us drinks, and recommended a  wine to my wife, who decided to try and enjoy it. I ordered a ShockTop on tap which was delicious to say the least. We had the Mahgerita Pizza for an appetizer due to my wife being a vegetarian, and were blown away by the quality of the dish. I don't eat cooked vegetables very often, but that was defiantly a great exception! Stephanie, my wife, had the Scallops Botticelli and absolutely loved it. The composition and flavor of the dish made her night, and filled her up, she had to save room for desert so got to take some home for later! I on the other hand had a 8oz Filet Mignon, which absolutely blew my mind. I don't eat steak very often but this changed my mind completely. The chef's at the Fish House showed me that a properly cooked steak is something that should be eaten as often as possible. For desert we had a slice of the triple chocolate cheesecake, and my wife had some delicious teramissu. Both were the perfect balance between a rich chocolate and something that can be enjoyed in more than a dab at a time. The cleanliness of the restaurant was pristine. Although the light up candles do bring away from the feel of the authenticity of the establishment I do understand with safety issues and some people don't like candles. Thank you to the Fish House, and thank you for your swift response! My wife and I had a marvelous time, and as for the server. It could have just been his personality. I've been told I'm a bit energetic and a character sometimes. So it could have been I just wanted a little more of a character for a server. Which, hey, you can't have everything. Thank you again.
Came for lunch place was packed good sign had to wait 15 min. Waited at bar good draft beer selection. Ordered fish of the day grilled with collards and grits. $11.00 great deal. My daughter got the tilapia which was the fish of the day tasted metal YUCK Very slow service hoped it would be better.
Excellent blackened tilapia with a glass of Xplorander Cabernet (Chilean), the grilled veggies and jambalay as sides were good choices as well.  I thought the gumbo was good but not a standout - glad I got it as the house salad substitute instead of a full bowl.  The service was excellent (thanks, Kelly!) and accommodated our party well. The guitarist was excellent even though we sat pretty far away. Would definitely return for another meal!
Very rarely do I give 5 stars.  I really do think Fish House deserves it though.  I don't live in Pensacola anymore but grew up there, and Fish House probably opened while I was in college (I'm dating myself, but maybe late '90's?).  Back then, it was the go-to place to meet up, eat and, most importantly, drink when we were all home for holiday breaks and summer vacation.  Still is the main place we'll meet up, but now we like to sit back and have a nice dinner. Since then, it has definitely morphed into a more upscale restaurant than just a bar.  The food has always been top-notch, but now it's better than ever in my opinion.  Then again I do live in land-locked Nashville, so any fresh seafood tastes extraordinary these days!   My favorites are still Grits a ya ya, the garlic crab claws, seafood pizza, the gumbo, any of the fresh fish of the day--especially grouper.  The "new" (not sure when it opened, past few years maybe) deck bar is great.  They have bands, a full-service bar, cocktail tables, as well as larger tables where you can dine alfresco--and on the water.  Fabulous.   I will always make a point to go to Fish House when I'm home visiting.
The Fish House is welcome sight after a week on the water, or after a long drive down to Pensacola. It's located in an old Florida style clapboard building right on a marina, near downtown Pensacola.  It is clean, beautiful, and has excellent food and service.  It also has elaborate salt water fish tanks and magnificent views.  It has a terrific balcony/deck area that looks over the water and has ramps down to the docks.  You can go inside and have a formal dinner, enjoy a fun bar atmosphere, or sit outside and enjoy a refreshing beverage or four. There are actually two restaurants, one on the north side and one on the south side of the building.  They are the same business and share a kitchen, but they offer different atmospheres.  One is fine dining with white tablecloths, and one is more of a casual, woody bar.  Both are very good.  The whole thing is connected by the aforementioned huge deck. The food is on the fancy and expensive side.  Some can be a bit rich for me, but it is possible to order light, healthy fare.  Portions are large.  The drinks are good, which is one reason I have a hard time remembering how much dinners cost. I listed the attire as dressy in the tips section.  What does dressy mean?  To me, it means a suit would always be appropriate, as would kaki pants, as would shorts and a t-shirt.  I have dragged my bedraggled, wet, cold, rumpled self up from the docks in stained foul weather sailing clothes and received every courtesy.  So, ummm, dressy.  Yeah. I have eaten here numerous times and have never been disappointed.  Everything is almost always great.  The staff are very helpful and friendly.  I cannot think of a more pleasant atmosphere for a restaurant.  In fact, it's my primary landmark in Pensacola.  If you are in the area, you should give this place a try.
I can't believe I have yet to review Fish House after the infinite number of times I've been here...Well, better late than never. You can never go wrong with Fish House. NEVER. I've always had pretty good experiences here and the quality usually stays pretty consistent. Although, I feel like the service has gone downhill. We usually order different items everytime we visit, but someone in our family always has to order the Grits a Ya Ya. It's truly devine. It's hard to find a restaurant who cooks the grits just right, because some places are too liquidy and some are just dry lumps of grain. But they do it the right way. Perfect consistency. We always order the crab claws appetizer, but it's dissaponting how the price of it is going up, but the portions are getting smaller. Other than those few items, we usually alternate between our choices. The atmosphere is pretty interesting. We usually like to come for brunch to watch the birds and ducks below as well as the boats/yachts gleaming in the sunlight. The perfect way to make a relaxing Sunday afternoon. You are directly facing towards the bridge going to Gulf Breeze, so you get a very scenic view of the bay. Overall, Fish House usually does a great job with food and atmosphere, but I feel like it's a tad expensive for the portions. But then again, you are paying for the view, I guess.
Fantastic, creative seafood! Bathe Oysters are always great and sitting on the patio and listening to music is always great!
The food is okay here, I didn't jump out of my seat and scream "Glory to god."  I will though, recommend this place over Landry's.  Why would you go to a chain seafood restaurant when there is a good local joint here.  The menu is nice and concise. By the way talk about difference in look outside and in.  It looks like a cheap restaurant at any pier from the outside, but step inside and it is well dressed. Thumbs up.  Grits a Ya Ya just okay lah, sorry the Asian in me came out.
We visit Pensacola two or three times each year from our home in Monterey, CA.  We've eaten at the Fish House a few times and each time we say Its OK but nothing special.  The best thing is perhaps the outdoor tables overlooking the bay especially on a nice evening like tonight. The service is fine; no real complaints. The food is satisfactory but somewhat overpriced.  $23 for three small scallops over way too much pasta in cream sauce.  The iceberg wedge with blue cheese was quite small.  The calamari was not bad.  The fresh grilled grouper and vegetables was a C+. Bottom line is there are a few places like this in Pensacola including the Oar House that have pretty good ambiance and so-so food. Next time we'll probably pick a place downtown on Palafox where a few places like the Global Grill and the Wine Bar seem to be better choices.
My husband and I ran into this place on accident because were sort of lost, so we needed a break from driving and went in. From the outside it doesn't look like much but in my experience those have always been the gems of a town. Well, we were pleasantly surprised once we walked up the tall set of stairs and saw the marina view then walked inside to a classy restaurant full of huge tanks and an appealing bar. We sat at the bar and ordered a drink while reviewing the menu. Lots of mouthwatering options so it took us a while to decide. We ended up ordering the collard greens and chicken spring rolls(AWESOME), a thai salad and club sandwich on a croissant. The beef on the salad was not that great but overall all the food was worth another visit to try some other options. The bartender was kind and knowledgeable; service was quick and attentive.   Next time we are in Pensacola, we will be back.
While on business in Pensacola I got a chance to visit this wonderful restaurant. The location is absolutely beautiful and the service is amazing. First, you need to get a glass of Yuengling. It's the oldest beer in America, manufactured in PA. A smooth beer you can have along with your meal. For appetizers, the claws in garlic is the way to go. It was extremely flavorful and filling so if you are looking forward to devouring your entree, think twice about ordering this appetizer. For entrees: the Grits a Ya Ya, Shrimp and drunken chicken were to die for! If you are ever in town, stop by and enjoy a belly full of deliciousness!
Miserable outdoor dining experience. We were "attacked" by swarms of flies! We received a small discount on our food bill, but upon leaving we took a peek under the deck and found what looked like people living there!  A lot of dishes, silverware, a TV, open trash cans, bottles, clothes, open food-grade buckets, etc.  The business is not even aware of what is under their outdoor deck!   Or are they?  We tried contacting the owner, a Mr. Collier, but without success.  Food was good, but dining experience ruined by the "atmosphere." Followed up visit with call to Health Dept.; asked them to check on the conditions under the deck.
OH MY GOD, the oysters here to die for. Seriously I enjoyed them immensely and prior to having them here I wasn't even that fond of them. They totally had everything you could ever want on your oyster too. tobasco, horseraddish, lemon, house hot sauce etc. I also had the scallop and bacon appetizer, which was really good, and the sushi, which I wasn't expecting to be that great because it's such a small southern type town. I was actually surprised. The only downside was the server, who was.. well not that friendly to say the least, he seemed disinterested in his job really, but he wasn't totally rude--but close. I'd go here again if ever in Pensacola, most definitely.
I have been converted. I read the reviews of the Fish House on Yelp and I thought to myself after looking at their website, "Please they can't be all that!" Well, I could throat chop myself because the Fish House is really all that. I'm a grit connoisseur and typically I turn my nose up at most establishment's grits. You know they are either too runny, undercooked, bland, yada yada. However, Fish House's Girts Ya-Ya are just right. The presentation is wonderfully done and although it may be pricier than most shrimp and grits plates, at $19.99, it is worth every bite. The shrimp is plump, the flavoring and seasoning of the dish is not too over powering, and it's more than enough to satisfy any hearty appetite. As far as the other offerings, this place does a remarkable thing with collards and chicken. They serve an appetizer called 'Soul Rolls' which are essentially spring rolls with collard greens and chicken. I'm not going to lie as a foodie I even thought that was a weird pairing. Asian food with Soul food?! Yeah, uhm. However, it was surprisingly well done. You can taste the flavor of the collards but the egg roll is light enough with out being heavy. Some other notable dishes are the blackened tilapia, the hush puppies, fried okra, fried oysters, and calamari. This place makes for a great night as well. The decor is very nice with two large aquariums, semi privater booths, and the staff is very knowledgeable and cordial. My verdict: Even if you don't like grits, get yourself down to the Fish House. You will not regret it. Oh, and P.S. ask for the cocktail menu because they have an amazing array of martinis.
I've dined up and down the Gulf Coast for years and years.  I absolutely love this spot.  We went for lunch, but I wish I was returning for dinner and/or drinks, as the dinner menu looks amazing and they have a cute little outdoor bar and concert venue.  Cute! We dined outside at lunch and really enjoyed our food as well as the harbor view.  I had a blackened cobia sandwich with the most amazing tartar sauce EVER.  I actually hate tartar sauce - it makes me gag.  This tartar sauce was absolutely incredible and I'd pay them $10 for the recipe.  Serious awesome eats.  I would recommend avoiding the hushpuppies as they were quite bland. Service was attentive, but a bit flighty.   Brace yourself for an odd comment - the bathrooms here are beautiful!  I love the copper waterfall sinks.  Nice! We will definitely return.  I had serious order envy on the shrimp and grits - I just love cobia so much that I had to get it, but next time, its definitely the grits.  wow.
The food is okay.  I think the environment really sets the mood.  It is located right on the dock and with little humidity in the air, a glass of wine, and a good seafood dish, these are components of a good night.   Great place to take a date to.  I opt to sit outside when the bugs are not flying everywhere.  I even witnessed a wedding ceremony near the water.
Food was great. I have eaten here more times than I would like to mention. Had the soul rolls and they were outstanding again, my only complaint with them is they were a bit overstuffed causing the roll to be a little less crunchy than normal and I like the crunch in the rolls. I had the grilled shrimp and mashed potatoes and my son had a bowl of gumbo. Let me just say seafood is my favorite food and mashed potatoes comes in a close 2nd. Both were excellent. The shrimp were perfectly seasoned and grilled to perfection. The mashed potatoes were creamy yet they had texture and were seasoned perfectly. The gumbo was awesome! My son said it was the best restaurant gumbo he has ever had and he loves gumbo so he tastes it almost any place that serves it.  The staff was very pleasant. The wait time was pretty long but everywhere on a Friday night everywhere in the world there will be a wait, lol, so we expected one.
Ate here AGAIN on an early Tuesday night.  We had a GREAT server.  I don't remember her name, but she was brunette, young and spot on! The food is always good, so I don't need to go there.  It was really refreshing to try this place again and have it redeem itself.  Yay for our wonderful waitress!  You made our very special meal even better!
Came here for a business lunch on a beautiful, sunny day.  It was a great place to be and I didn't want to leave to go back to a dark office.   I had the grilled Gulf Sampler, which also included fried oysters.  It was well-prepared and tasty.  I would order it again. Service was excellent.
3.5 stars....if possible. Wonderful place! We had our wedding reception here and it was everything we could have asked for and much more! Our server was fabulous and went above and beyond to make sure our experience here was nothing less of perfect. The food was pretty good as well. The only reason I'm giving it less than 5 stars is because I felt that the food was a tad over-priced..but I also think you pay for the experience. The place is gorgeous & had a great atmosphere. I have nothing but good things to say about it aside from the pricing. PS-you HAVE to have the brie & onion soup...delicioso!!!!
The Fish House has an old/vintage look from the outside but once you get on the inside, the place looks pretty classy. Window seats has a really nice view of Pensacola Bay also. As far as food, I would say that it wasn't bad but I've had better for cheaper. My GF got the pecan crusted shrimp that she thought was Ok, the "crust" was falling off the shrimp that she said it'll probably be better to get it fried or grilled. I had my eye on the "fish of the day" for 12 dollars. I figured 12 bucks for lunch is a little pricy but what the heck, We are seaside/bayside so thre should be some good fish for the special. Come to find out, the special consist of tilapia for the 12 dollar price. Other fish of the day is Grouper, Mahi Mahi, or white fish for an extra 4 dollars. So I'm thinking "come on, we are seaside and the actual fish of the day is tilapia that is most likely farm raised?" I definitely don't want to get that. so I just went cheap and got the burger which was pretty good. Overall, I'll give this place 3 out of 5 stars because the burger was good but I cannot get over the disappointment of a higher end resturant that is seaside to list tilapia as "catch of the day".
My judgment may be skewed because by the time I made it to Fish House, I was already drunk off of one of the jars of Diesel Fuel served at Flounder's. However, I do remember that my pecan crusted tilapia was good as was the corn fritters. If you are getting a side, you really should get the corn fritter. It is like a hush puppy but with delicious cornmeal and corn inside. It is sweet and fried and oh so delicious. Our server was a little rude and looked like one of those East German nannies with no sense of humor, but I can't really complain about anything she did.
Went here last year and it was fantastic.  Don't know what they did in the past year but it is NOT the same place.  IT seemed very much like a corporate franchise place.  Last year Great this year Fair at best!
Enjoyed the food and the outdoor deck.  I had the steak special and it was great.  Had the calamari and ahi tuna app.  Both were good as well.  They had live music outside which was nice.
Seriously, some of the best food around. The cracker-crumb crusted shrimp are out of this world and the gouda grits should be tried by every person at least once. The corn fritters snuck up on me this trip and ended up being the star of the show. Great restaurant with a wonderful view. It is always a treat to come eat here!
Saw this place on Bizzare Foods and I knew I had to try it. Seafood gumbo: yum! I'm very critical about seafood gumbos but this one past the test. It's wasn't bitter, it wasn't runny, it wasn't gritty, it was just right (after a few drops of tabasco). Grits a Ya Ya: interesting and definitely not for calory watching people. The grits are done well and the combination with blackened shrimp makes the dish interesting. After a few bites, I did find the dish to be heavy, I couldn't really finish my meal. And because of that, I didn't have room for dessert, even though the table next to me ordered a key lime pie and it looked really good (salivating!).
There isn't anything really different between this place and its neighbor Oyster House.  It tends to get really crowded and has a bit of a tourist trap feel to it to include the prices compared to other seafood restaurants in the area.  That being said the food was a little better than oyster place next door which is weird since they seem to be owned by the same people, service slow and the pour is less than generous.
After a long week in the Pensacola sun I wanted to rest my bum near the beach and enjoy some tasty treats. I have always had a difficult time deciding during brunch time, never knowing if I want eggs or something else. Fish House had some great outdoor seating with a breeze making my "deal or no deal" decision making more tolerable. - Amazing brunch! - Plenty of parking - Bottomless mimosas - Inexpensive pricing - Limited menu choices - Spotty above average service Eating with friends, I eventually decided on a lunch appetizer and breakfast entree. Win-win, right? My server was very patient and my only complaint was they were slow to fill up the "bottomless" mimosa. But then again, most places are. Imagine my surprise when a small plate of beignets show up on my table. "Hey you, I didn't order this!" but alas it was complimentary. Powdered sugar, pastry goodness while we waited. Nom, nom, nom. I almost forgot there was more food on the way. We started with the Asian Calamari ($9.95) which was lightly fried tossed in Asian spice and served with a sweet/spicy garlic sauce. The chunks of calamari were larger than expected but lacked flavor without the garlic sauce. Maybe it was me, but I couldn't taste the Asian spice. I ate the Monte Cristo ($9.75) which was a delicious breakfast sandwich. It had smoked turkey, ham, and Swiss cheese that was encased in French toast, battered and fried golden brown. It was supposed to be served with raspberry preserves and fresh fruit but it was forgotten until I reminded the waiter. I was brought a small cup with the gooey goodness but it was supposed to be served atop the sandwich. My wife ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast ($12.50) which was cinnamon raisin bread dipped in a cinnamon, brown sugar and nutmeg batter then cooked golden brown. It was finished with caramel banana sauce topped with candied pecans and served with a side of fresh fruit. It melted in your mouth and the pecans were softened and sweet due to the sugar/batter mix. Fish House had a delicious brunch and is accommodating for groups. The service was on-point most of the time and the view is unbeatable for the downtown Pensacola area.
Our food was good...nothing to brag about. I've had better. Probably wouldn't visit again.
My one regret from brunching here - I should have ordered the Grits A Ya Ya.  Fortunately, my friend did and she let me help her finish it.  I ordered the Emerald Coast Benedict (crab cakes, green tomatoes, english muffin and hollandaise) and it was pretty good but paled be comparison. Everything on the menu looked good and I'll definitely go back.  Especially with $4 bottomless champagne.
Interesting location! I came here attempting to find a good breakfast. A friend of mine was attempting to avoid chain restaurants while on vacation. I would have been happy with an omellete from Ihop, but alas, I just waved goodbye [in my mind] to every Ihop we drove by. By the time I found this place, the time was closer to lunch time. The menu was brunch. This place has to restaurants side-by-side with slightly different menus. I do not remember the name of the other restaurant. Anyhow, I had oysters, which were not really fresh but doable. I ordered a seafood omellette, which was average. Actually, I had never I had never had a seafood omellette, so I was excited. I ended up getting an omellete with a seafood inside: shrimp, clams, etc. It was as though the omellette was made and the seafood was thrown in there. I dont recall any real flavor to the food. The waitress was courteous and I ate outside. The deck type location faced the open water with a small pier/marina below the restaurant. I was able to see a large fish jump out of the water. I remember thinking "I want to order that!" The location is interesting and the wait staff is friendly. But, the food is not impressive. Maybe the dinner menu is better, but I dislike being out of town, trying something new, and being disappointed int he food.
Large selection of fish that failed to impress and seemed to take a backseat to the mashed potatoes. Not a great sign for a restaurant called the Fish House.
We eat here every chance we get. One of my favorite restaurants. Never had a bad meal. A bit pricey, but worth every penny in our opinion.
I am writing this review having been to Fish House numerous times throughout my life.  I found the recipe for the Grits a Ya Ya and despite my fairly adept culinary skills, I cannot match the utter masterpiece of this dish. In addition to the grits, the calamari is a must have and I have never had a bad dish at the restaurant.  Whether you get your fish grilled, fried or ya-ya'ed this is the place to be! If you are visiting Pensacola, this is a must stop!
NOTHING on this menu is bad... NOTHING!!! We ate here back in 2007 and when we came back this year, I could not wait for the Grits Ya-Ya... I can't say enough good things about this resturant!! If you are EVER in Pensacola, Florida, please do yourself a favor and go to the Fish House!!! and then mail me back a plate of Grits!! :-)
A Pensacola landmark, great food and views. It's pricey though, be prepared. Be sure to order some grits!
I honestly didn't believe this place would live up to all the hype but HOLY GRITS BATMAN!  I had the Emerald Coast Benedict (the one with the green tomatoes and lump crab) and a side of grits it was heavenly. Bottomless mimosas were great, they kept me refilled!   The only reason tI didnt give them 5 stars is because its a little pricey in my opinion but a great splurge!
I came here about four months ago from my post review date.  Every time I go somewhere to get oysters I remember how we'll they prepared them for me and how I haven't found a good place yet.  I also had the shrimp po-boy which was very tasty I might add.  Also had a few drinks that were well done as well.  The waitress was very patient with me which helped considering I came in an hour to close.  So two salutes to you fish house!
After a long day of diving some locals we came to visit recommended that we all go here. Not being a meat eater I figured I would just drink my dinner at this place. I was pleasantly surprised to see the salad and maki roll options. I was too late for the bottomless mimosa, but still had one any way. My food was good, the service was good and the location was great.
I must be the only person around who doesn't like Grits a Ya Ya!  I thought they were really bland.   I've been here other times and it's a great place to eat and chill.  Sitting outside on the deck is awesome when the weather is nice and it gets pretty busy on Wednesdays with ladies night.  If you're single this is a good place to come meet people.   Inside is a little more formal, I suppose, because I was the only one in there without a collared shirt.  It seems a lot of local businessmen and women come here after work to tie one on.   Overall the atmosphere is great and the food is good, too!  There's plenty of alcohol to go around and plenty of places to drink it!
I love Fish house, They are great for brunch with amazing menu specials along with unlimited mimosa's or champagne. The dinner is AMAZING I like to get the grilled mahi mahi, the drinks are great as well, and on Wednesdays its ladies night where drinks are only $2 for ladies! So I say, get a nice dinner on a Wednesday night, and then just stay for some drinks and live music after wards :)
My husband Michael and I had dinner with our Daughter Marie and her husband Stephen last night. The food was wonderful always. We had the pecan crusted Tilapia which is amazing. The service from Paul our waiter was great I would highly recommend The Fish House to anyone looking for a great meal in a terrific setting overlooking Pensacola Bay.
Grits were INCREDIBLE! Don't get the "signature" froof punch drink, it's all juice. View is incredible!
I had boring blackened mahi mahi tacos. My boyfriend had the seafood platter with decent fried oysters, bland grilled? shrimp and outstanding blackened mahi mahi. Great P'cola beer. Be adventurous, skip this place and try Five Sisters Blues Cafe or a small joint in your neighborhood.
My favorite restaurant in Pensacola.  The view is really great outside if the weather is good.  In the winter, they have heaters outside.  Wednesday is ladies night if you want to feel like you're in high school again. I recently had a wonderful special there of yellowfin tuna and sundried tomato risotto.  It was incredible.  Their signature dish is Grits a-ya-ya.  Their brunch is also delicious.  Several different types of eggs benedict, which is my favorite.
The first time I went to the Fish House was about a couple months back with my husband. The ambience was wonderful as we sat next to a large aquarium and the server was very attentive and nice. However, the food was merely so-so. We ordered 2 rolls of sushi which came out tiny- the rice was overcooked so when you roll the sushi, it came out flat. Plus, something about the vinegar in the rice was off- overall, bad rice. The flavors were interesting but didn't exactly mesh well(personally) to me, especially in the Bulgarian roll. I personally thought the seafood gumbo was really good but the rice they served it over was very dry and was probably cooked that morning so it wasn't fresh. The hush puppies that night were hard to chew. Their seafood was great though- the fried oysters and blackened shrimp and fish. Thank goodness because up until the entree's point, we were underwhelmed. Overall, pricey for mediocre food but their actual seafood, service, and ambience was good
I came here for prom dinner with a group of friends. I heard a lot of good things about Fish House so I was excited. I ordered the New York strip with mashed potatoes and corn fritters. My bf ordered the gumbo and ya ya grits. I enjoyed my steak, and it was actually cooked to my liking. I loved the corn fritters. My enjoyed his gumbo and ya ya grits. We also ordered creme brulee for dessert. It was the best creme brulee I've had. Sadly, the part I didn't like about the Fish House was the service. The manager was nice, but our server was definitely lacking in hospitality. After she cleared our table, we were sitting there for 30 minutes waiting for the check. When we tried to ask for the check, she rudely replied, "Do you really need to leave now? Why are you in such a hurry?" I have never met such a rude server. But I guess we went there for the food, not the service.
Fantastic food.  Shared Grits Ya Ya, fried green tomatoes, soul rolls and barbecued shrimp.  I really enjoyed the waiter, environment, and the food was fantastic.
The Fish House has been my absolute favorite restaurant since I moved to P'Cola 10 years ago.  The food is great but I really love the location on the water, the atmosphere inside and outside and the staff is amazing!
The Fish House Pensacola, FL Barracks Street Burger (with slight modification): $9.00 Final Score: 8.94 Welcome to the Fish House.  The view is amazing, the wait staff is charming, and the seafood is top notch.  As for the burger, well, let's just say the view is the 2nd best thing The Fish House has to offer.     Quite honestly, this is the burger that we've spent the last six months searching for.   It's the burger that every home Chef sets out to make- simple, cooked perfectly, juicy and flavorful.  Quite frankly; if you don't enjoy eating this Burger- you just don't like hamburgers. The half pound Black Angus patty isn't greasy- but it's far from being dry and has excellent flavor.  It was topped with American cheese and the best tomatoes we've had yet on the Tour.  We're told that "Tomato Joe" from Navy Point furnished the tomatoes- and to him, we're extremely grateful. The burgers arrived at our table, and within minutes- some Panel Members were whispering to each other "Best Burger yet."  One judge even proclaimed "This is the Best Burger I've ever eaten, period." When you're finished eating this Burger- you're not left with an "I can't believe I ate that entire burger" feeling.  Instead- you're met with an "I want to eat another one of those" sensation. This was the first Burger on our Tour to receive a perfect score of 10 from one of our panel members.  An outstanding patty, rich with flavor, amazing produce and a perfect bun- it's hard to improve on this Burger. Toward the end of the meal- some speculated whether or not the outstanding young Chef (Chris Chattman) had gone above and beyond to prepare these burgers for our Judges.  When asked- Chris "Chatty" replied that if any customer should ask for that burger by name (The Burger Tour Burger) he will gladly prepare it for them. Chatty explained that is wasn't really much different than the Burgers he prepares every Tuesday and Thursday- the only exception was that instead of Swiss cheese- we requested ours topped with American- and he did sautéed the onions rather than serving them raw. At the end of the meal- our Panel decided that we should meet for lunch at the Fish House every Tuesday and Thursday- I don't believe anyone would grow tired of eating this Burger, ever.  And when you visit this place- be sure to order the "Grits a Ya Ya" and save room for their homemade Tiramisu.....amazing. This is where I generally recommend joining us next week as we continue our search for the area's best Burger- but I'm beginning to think- I may have just eaten the area's best burger.  Of course, that won't keep us from trying again next week- who knows- there may be a perfect 10 out there waiting for us. So, join us next week Burger fans, as the Tour....rolls on. visit us on the web at nwflburgertour.com
Fish House has great ambiance and attentive staff.  As a general rule, the food rates a three or four.  But I'm here to talk about vegan dining, the great stumbling block of the GSRG to this point.  Despite my consistent protests to not be forced into another GSRG dining experience, for some reason, this is still the place to go for most corporate events.  I had the luxury this time of having an assigned event planner who was told in advance that several diners in the group were vegan.  This didn't help before, see my Jackson's review, but it did help tonight, kind of. My server suggested the bacon salad with no bacon or cheese (it would still have apples and candied pecans).  I agreed but the salad arrived with a dressing that had a pork fat base, but no bacon!  She told me that the Chef was preparing a pepper stuffed with spinach, rice "and some other stuff" but that none of the desserts would be appropriate for me. The red pepper arrived stuffed with rice, chopped mushrooms, and creamed (?) spinach.  The pepper was surrounded with wilted spinach.  The pepper's stuffing was flavorful and tasty and everything was perfectly cooked.  I try to not be so much of a stuck up ass as to question the subtleties of every ingredient that comes out when I'm told it's vegan (pork fat is not subtle), so I went with it.  It would have been nice to have a suitable app and dessert, even if they had to detour from the pre-fixe (vegan food is generally less expensive as a rule), but I don't know the logistics of planning that out with the kitchen.  All in all, it wasn't a total bomb, and there was something I could eat.
Service is pitiful, but the food kind of makes up for it. I got the fish of the day, and was puzzled to learn it was tilapia. Isn't that a fresh water fish? My group ordered different southern sides and they were all tasty and well-cooked. Fish wasn't bad either. If you want grits and crispy-fried southern sides, this is the place to go. Seafood? Meh. Management, if you are reading this, you should say a Hail Mary to your cooking staff because they are propping up the listless, unhelpful, and tired looking serving staff.  Ugh...
Grrrrr... had Paul as a waiter- like the other reviewer.  We should have requested someone else.  If you go, you NEED to ask if you are going to be in his section.  WORST service I've ever had at Fish House. It was just me and my husband, and we are young, but not spring chickens.  Things started out fine- hubby ordered a beer and I had a glass of wine.  Ordered an app.  When hubby's beer went dry, besides the fact that Paul had disappeared, it was a long time before he was able to order a refill.  Paul was definitely paying more attention to the 60+ couple behind us.   Our salads took forever to arrive as well as the entrees.  Paul could have easily sold my hubby 2 more beers, but because he moved so slowly, we decided to get the hell outta there when we could.   Our food was amazing!  Always is.   I don't know if Paul didn't expect a good tip from us, so he gave us shitty service, but we certainly rewarded him for his effort with an almost embarrassingly small tip.   I am always pretty generous when it comes to tipping and hubby and I make enough money to tip well, but when you insult us with crappy service and a slightly condescending attitude, we'll save our money for others. We will go back, but I will ensure we don't get him as a waiter.  AWFUL.
....debated on giving this place 2 or 3 stars...It finally came down to me asking my boyfriend what he thought..Location is decent, restaurant is right off of the bay, many seats overlooking the water which was nice, and we had good service. We started out with drinks, we had the Fish House punch which was good, its a mixture of bacardi rum, triple sec, and pineapple, orange juices, very fruity and they were generous with the alky, plus you get to keep the tall pilsner glasses that say Fish House as souvenirs which was cool.  We skipped appetizers and went in for the main course, I had the grits a yaya which is supposed to be the signature dish, my bf had the salmon, and we shared their tuna rolls and their cowboy rolls...as we waited for our food, an infestation of great magnitude came our way..flies! It had just rained and as soon as it stopped, they bombarded us. I know the restaurant has no control over this but it certainly killed the mood. Fish House INVEST IN SOME SODIUM VAPOR LIGHTS. IT WILL DISCOURAGE THE FLIES. My dish came out and it consisted of huge jumbo shrimp cajun seasoned over a bed of grits made with gouda cheese. It was good, not great and certainly NOT worth the  $20. Its kinda hard to mess up grits when you add cheese to it..the Gouda , ehhhhh, it couldve been Velveeta  to me, cheese in grits, is cheese in grits,  it doesnt matter what kind you add....My bf had the salmon, he said it was ok,  nothing  to write home about either, He said the frozen bag of salmon at Target tasted the same. The sushi rolls were sub-par and Ive had better at Ichiban. I dont know, I guess I was disappointed about how overated this place is. Ive travel the world, and I know of better places to eat here in Pensacola that are way better than this place, and for $90, I felt we couldve spent our money better elsewhere....Nice place for just having drinks and looking out over the bay, other than that, I'll pass on The Fish House next time. Sorry.
We stopped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised with the view. The food was good and there was plenty to choose from on the menu. We both had Po-Boys, one was requested to have no onions. First time out the onions were setting on the lettuce. We ask the waiter to try again, second time around the same thing. We ask for fresh lettuce without the onion. The water said that the garnishes were already made up, so the best he could do was to remove the onion from the lettuce. Thanks for nothing. Service was lacking at best.
Uninspiring place with prices that don't jive with the quality.  I had the Cobia and it was meh.  The grits are OK, but I think what you pay for with this place is location.
Do not order from the Southern Sunday Supper menu.  The food was stale and did not taste fresh.  I think they use the unused ingredients from the previous week and serve it on Sunday.  The grits were dry and the corn bread came out cold.  When I asked the waiter, he said that they normally come out at room temperature.  I guess room temperature was 37 degrees.   I was not impressed.  I will not be returning.
Talapa was good, grit ok, corn fritters need some help maybe fried more, very soft inside almost like not cooked. One thing for sure you won't go hungry  good size portions. Chocolate cheese cake very rich and good. Creme brule was alright not great. Overall would go back again  to try some other items . Bring a little money and Enjoy.
Though I have been to Pensacola a few times, this is the first time I got around to eating at The Fish House. There was a very short wait for a table on a Wednesday at 1pm, which is usually a sign that the food is great. I had the Gulf Sampler, with grilled fish, shrimp and fried oysters. Everything was perfectly cooked and fresh. I chose cole slaw and grits as my sides. Everything was great!! The grits were simply amazing, and the cole slaw portion was so big I couldn't finish it all. I also loved the hush puppies, which had a sweet kick. The desserts looked great, but I was too full to try them this time.
Been here twice on different vacations.  Both times good food.  Ask for Matt, Bartender!  Great customer service & kind to tourists!
Food is unremarkable. Salad dressings were good as were the hush puppies and fried shrimp. Everything else was just overpriced and not impressive. With so many other exceptional Pensacola restaurants, my advice is to go somewhere else.
Can be a little hit and miss on certain dishes. If you're only going to eat there once get the Ya-Ya Grits. That's their signature dish and it is very good. Fun atmosphere.
Just wasn't a fan of this place. The quality of the food for the price was not even close to worth it. The best part of my meal was the tea.
Went here for my wife's birthday. It was a really nice place to eat. Good food. Good view. It was just a little pricey for what you get. Fresh, though!
Weird experience at The Fish House. We have dined here many times, and at Atlas. We have eaten outside, inside, by the beautiful fish tank, at the sushi bar, the back room at Atlas, the bar cubbies at Atlas, next to the fire pits on the Deck, you name it. We have enjoyed the Sunday brunch, too. But last night was just the weirdest. We brought our son for a celebration, and I ordered a margarita. When it came, it had the strangest taste: I sincerely tried, but couldn't drink it (took in maybe four ounces of it). My husband tasted it and he couldn't, either (and I love margs!). OK, so the waiter took it back and I got a different drink, and dinner proceeded.  Salmon was perfectly grilled, zucchini were smoky and had grill marks (yum), two hush puppies included for interest were delightful, crispy on the outside with kernels of nearly-caramelized corn in the batter, anda slight kick of pepper. My son's filet was tender and perfect, his potatoes wonderful and steeped in beef juices. My husband's Mediterranean tuna was "excellent!" Our server was attentive and considerate. Atmosphere warning: the railed-off elevated section. We have been in this particular spot twice and both times were terribly uncomfortable: avoid the elevated stage-like two tables to the right before you get to the fishtank! They are directly in front of the vents for the air conditioning for that end of the restaurant, so what is comfortable for the people at the tables in the main room will freeze you!  If you like it cold, ask for those tables, otherwise: avoid! So, what was so weird? We had no more drinks and no dessert, We went home and in the middle of the night I awoke with an upset stomach. I made it as far as the bath when I got very dizzy. Mind, I'm not the dizzy type; once years ago when I had flu, but not since. No vapors, no sudden sit-downs. This was different; aside from feeling queasy, there were no other symptoms, but I was so dizzy I leaned over the sink, and awoke a minute later with my husband calling my name, and blood dripping from my nose onto my wrist where I had fallen unconscious. I have no peripheral numbness or tingling, no chest pains, no signs of stroke, just a cut across my nose and a scrape on my forehead from collapsing. No vomiting or other signs of bacterial food poisoning. So my question to you is: what the #$%^ was in that undrinkable margarita???
FINtastic!!!!!!! All I can say is.......hook the Rim Tuna........it's to die for
Our experience at the Fish House was awesome.  Sarah R was our waitress, and she did everything she could to make our experience great.  The food was good (we ordered gumbo, Fish of the Day and the Scallop pasta dish) and the drinks were strong.  The fish of the day was advertised as "crusted" but came out looking more like deep-fried.  We mentioned it to the waitress and she went right back to the kitchen to get another piece of fish prepared correctly.  And to end it all - the triple chocolate cheesecake was to die for!  We'll be back.
I wasn't starving when I went to the Fish House so I ordered the Caesar Salad with salmon. The salmon was delish, the lettuce not so much. I had saved room for their Key Lime Pie, it did not disappoint!  My little guy had the Mac and cheese with grilled veggies. It came out very quickly which was awesome!! I will definitely come back when visiting the area!
I had the parmesan crusted grouper.  The fish portion was small.  The cheese stuffed raviolis were good....the crispy leeks on top were good but, could have been in smaller sizes before fried. My husband had the grilled shrimp, mashed potatoes, and cole slaw....the largest portion on the plate was the coleslaw....it was good.  The mashed potatoes were horrible...they looked awful too.....There were 10/12 shrimp.....nothing really special about their grilled shrimp. My son had the Jerk Chicken.  It looked very good.  He said it was good. But, he left hungry.  The portion was 1/2 chicken but, it was a small chicken. All in all it was ok.....Prob. would not go back or recommend.
I've only been here a couple of times.  The food and atmosphere are great.
Their famous YaYa Grits & shrimp are definitely worth ordering, however, the rest of what we ordered was just ok.
Delicious fresh seafood. We ordered Grits a Ya Ya and Parmesan Crusted Grouper. Kids had chicken nuggets (breast meat) and california rolls with french fries. French fries are real potatoes too. One of the best restaurants in Pensacola.
Although the food was good, nothing outstanding ... I believe the crowd comes for the drinks & music out on the deck, it was raining the night we were there. The hostess wasn't very friendly, the waitress informative & helpful upon asked. The blackened shrimp were excellent. And the Ya Ya grits not my favorite but serving was huge! I'm told the Atlas Oyster House next store is much better, the menu is about the same. I Weill try that next time.
If this review was just for grits I would give Fish House a 5 for sure.   We ate here twice in one week and the first time was excellent the second time left little to be desired.  This place is inconsistent.   I am from the south and make it my mission to taste grits anywhere I can and these are second to best.  River House in Savannah has the best I have found....If you are a collard green fan don't get them here.  They are awful!   Some of the best homemade blue cheese dressing you could ever find though. I had the miso tuna ordered medium rare and it came out well done.  Nothing was done to correct the situation and I choked down some overcooked fish.   Best tip is if you even think you like shrimp and grits get the shrimp a ya ya that is the best thing this place has going for it.   Also sit on the patio.  There is usually live music and  a great view.  Inside is stuffy with white table clothes so if you want a quiet dining experience go inside.
We really wanted to have a good lunch, we had excellent service. The calamari was not crunchy tasted like frozen calamari that was not cook well. The sides are delicious but the main dish is grouper over cooked and pricey the restaurant should cook the fish perfect and the fried shrimp where frozen for a while had that hard taste of old freezer hush puppy over cooked so very disappointed
Always great service.  I always get the catch of the day and Gouda grits but one time got fish tacos and didn't love it.  I love eating outside.  It is pricey but always a nice outing.
Smoked Gouda cheese grits, Gulf shrimp and seafood, pecan crusted everything, annual Southern superstitions of collard greens and black eyed peas; this is really all you need to know.  However, if you need to know more, know this; the Fish House serves up proper Southern cuisine with a nice view of Escambia Bay.  I suggest paying lunch prices, sitting outside, and eating some Gouda grits...and, keep in mind that the seafood food sampler could be split between two people.
This restaurant misses the mark. They come off as wanting to be fine dining, but the food completely misses the mark and it's more like mediocre dining. I feel the place is more pretentious than others in the area. My husband and I ate there and compared it to many other places we've eaten at for the price and we were disappointed. We're "foodies" and felt totally disappointed in the fish house's selection of food and finished product. We went there expecting more. I wouldn't elect to return unless someone insisted...even then I would only get the salad. We felt that Landry's had a much better selection of food with a better product.
Great place for beers & right on the water.
Just want to recognize that the management promptly contacted me after posting this review and expressed their concern, saying that they would immediately be sharing my experience with the restaurant staff.  I would like to give them a nod of approval for their attention.  The manager apologized and extended an offer in an attempt at redemption that I appreciate, although I did not get a chance to utilize it during my recent trip this month, I thought it was a valiant recovery effort and wanted to mention it...
My sister took us here when we were in town.  Grits a ya ya? YUM! It can be too much for just one person.  The texture is so rich and creamy that its better to be shared amongst 2-3 people. The seafood pizza was awesome. The seafood was so fresh and you can actually taste everything! Their gumbo?? OMG it's the best I've had. We also ordered the fried seafood platter and some ravioli thing with grouper. Everything was good. I'd definitely come back again when I'm in town.
Great venue. Wed night ladies night. Great outside bar on the marina. Take off on Charleston Shrimp and Grits a far distant try but ok. Overall place is over rated
Grits a ya ya, live music, outdoor dining, decent beer selection, near the bay. Yep, all the makings of a good dining experience. I'll return here anytime and would have to in order to give it the four I think it deserves.
My boyfriend took me to Fish House for sunday brunch today. We sat outside and it was great. We had calamari for an appetizer that tasted fresh and had awesome flavor. I had fried scallops with mashed potatoes and grits and everything tasted great. My boyfriend had eggs benedict and enjoyed it. We had some of their French donuts and they were tasty too. The atmosphere, service, and food  here were excellent. I would definitely choose to have dinner parties, etc here.
I am really hard on these guys about their sushi.  It is the worst just based on the tiny pieces of fish.  One look at the rainbow roll and you will see what I mean.   It is still tied as my overall favorite place to have dinner with clients, friends or a date in downtown Pensacola along with global grill.  Do not miss the MOMA salad, enjoy the ambiance, and socialize at the deck bar listening to music after dinner.  Score one for Pensacola dining.  Good job.
I still remember the tilapia burger I had 4 years ago....like i just had it yesterday. Everyone should try this place....360 degree freshness, service, flavor. Fantastic. Wonderful after a day at the beach. You can sit and look into the ocean at the fishes swimming around because the tables sit right over the shore line.
The Fish House has a great atmosphere, eating outside is always a treat, and the staff are always very attentive. We got stopped by the manager and he was very friendly and kind. It was cool to see the ship that was traded on American Pickers. I love to get some sushi from the Atlas, it is always top quality. Make sure to pick up some Grits Ya-Ya; I don't even like grits that much (Yes, shame on me) but the Fish House grits are really great. One of the best, most consistent places to take out-of-town guests visiting Pensacola.
Food is 4 starts but price is 3 stars. I love the grits a ya ya. Great view and always a great meal but $100 for our family compared to $60 for red lobster or olive garden makes this out of my league.
Not a fan of the "fortune cookie" house mashed potatoes.  Seriously found parts of a hand written note on lined paper mixed into my mashed potatoes.  They brought out more potatoes, but lost my appetite.  Did get a free dessert and a comp meal.
My wife and I returned to the Fish House about a year after originally checking the place out. We were greeted and immediately seated inside.  I'll keep this update short, but they still uphold a high bar with their waitstaff.  My glass never went empty, and we were check in on often.  The food was delicious and the portion size was perfect.  The rest of Pensacola should take note of this, this is by far the best service I have received in Pensacola in the past 2 years, bar none.  The food could have been garbage, but the service was good enough that I wouldn't have noticed.  Fortunately, the food was very good. I went with the drunken chicken.  The meat was so succulent and tender that it literally fell right off the bone.  The Andouille jambalaya with sautéed green beans,caramelized onions, all perfectly compliment the chicken.  An excellent presentation and delicious meal coupled by generous portions and excellent service...you can't go wrong with the Fish House.
Had another chance to visit the Fish House, and sit out on the deck. Amazing as always!
I've only been here on Sundays for brunch and I haven't been disappointed by the food.  They are known for their grits and I'm not a grits kind of girl but I really liked them.  The last visit, I had the Sardou Eggs Benedict; tasty but the eggs were slightly overcooked so it was lacking that ooey gooey goodness, but still delicious.  It also came with shrimp so if you have a shrimp allergy, I would reccomend passing on this dish.  Also, the menu said it came with "fresh cut fruit" which turned out to be some sad looking pieces of old dried cut too thin fruit that looked like it should have been garnish rather than a side dish...I just pushed it aside.  To be honest, the eggs benedict portion is really filling and well worth the $13 or something that it was. I especially love the bottomless mimosas.  The servers are always making sure my glass is filled with champagne :) You can also ask for a glass of cranberry juice instead of orange juice for poinsettias, same price and bottomless as well.  YUM.
I was traveling in Pensacola for work this week and ate at the Fish House.   The food was good.  I started with a MoMA salad that was very good.  Lots of flavor, good serving size for those of us who like our vegetables. I had the gulf shrimp dinner after that.  Good food, but some of the shrimp weren't as hot as the rest.   Service was good, and they kept my water filled all evening.
Very good, great service (except sometimes at brunch), oysters very good - sometimes to small, always hard trying to make you feel comfortable.  Absolutely a place I like to go in Pensacola.
This place had good reviews so we choose to go here for our last dinner in Pensacola. It was great! Had the grits as a side item to my pecan crusted tilapia. The corn fritters were really sweet corn, I didn't care for them too much. And the salad was described better then it tasted, although it was still pretty good. I would go back here. My friend had the grouper special with a black bean puff and instead of the hash they nicely subbed the grits for her. We sat on the back patio next to heaters, and it was perfect.
Food was over cooked. Drinks were awful.   Dessert was horrible and the waiter was rude!
Great place with excellent service and very good food. I had the shrimp and grits.  Excellent!  Our waiter was very attentive and professional.  All the dishes ordered that night were above average, except for maybe the calamari appetizer.  Sit outside and enjoy the view.
Good food.  Good atmosphere, laid back and on the water.
I came on weekday for lunch. Weather was *fine*. Nice warm breeze off the gulf. Great views. Service was adequate. Food was very good. They have a modern east-west fusion menu and I was quite satisfied with my meal.
I have dined at the fish House about ten times over the past several years.  The food quality and service is always 4 1/2 stars.  The only problem I encounter is the sometimes long wait times to get in!  This establishment is a favorite with locals too!
We were a big group of 14 that was cramped in a table built for 10. The manager saw us, and put us in the nicest private room. We had our own waiter, bathroom, music, and privacy on a Saturday night. The food was excellent, and we all had the best time. Kudos to the manager!
I ordered the blackened shrimp and received six medium sized shrimp.  That was such a small portion! Plus I received extra-large portions of the side dishes. Not exactly what I was expecting. I prefer larger portion of main dish and small portions of sides.
The sword fish was great, the red fish was a bit over grilled. The hush puppies was uneatable. Several long waits for drink refills. Did not give me a desire for a return meal before we move to our next location. I would not recommend to family and friends.
This place is awesome! Service rocks every time I go, and the food if out of this world! A great place for family and friends or just a night out on the town.
Great food. Better than what my wife and I were expecting. More "Southern Fusion" than a pure seafood place. We'll go again when we're back in town.
Amazing view and atmosphere if you sit outside.  Service and food were ok, nothing spectacular but still good food.
Food is excellent, service is great, outdoor dining is always nice here. We go here every year and I recommend the shrimp and grits or "Grits a Ya Ya". Absolutely to die for!! I will say that it's not my favorite place for kids though.
The location is great, on the waterfront, but the food was too rich for me, and I always ended up with a stomachache later on. It's really delicious, however, if you love all of your food expensive and deep fried.
Great food, great service.....worth the stop
In P'cola for the day we decided to try the Fish House for lunch. The dining area is very nice. Wife had the World famous Grits Ya' Ya' and I had the Roast Beef sandwich on pretzel bun. Both served within 5 minutes and presented well. Food was great. Smoked Gouda cheese grits are fabulous. Very easy on the wallet too. Must try if you visit Pensacola.
Went to their Sunday brunch. It isn't a buffet, by the way. However the food was very good. Great bloody Marys and Mimosas at a very reasonable price. I had the Seafood platter with blackened Mai-Mai. It was very tasty. Ends ups up being a great meal at a very reasonable price. I'm no grits expert, but their gouda grits were very tasty. Have not tried any other time.
First time there tonight with my family.  We were very disappointed.   I know The Fish House is known for having crowds of people going there for seafood, so I expected it to be something to enjoy.  Also, it 's located on the water, so that was a nice feature.  However, I wish we had not dined there as the food  was terrible.   We ordered some sushi, the Shrimp and Grits Ya Ya and Fried Gulf Shrimp, the baby had chicken fingers.   The Shrimp/Grits YaYa:  Shrimp was rubbery and tasted like they'd been made the day before, the grits were a big ball of mush with absolutely no flavor.  The sauce was nothing special, bland.  I couldn't believe it since this is one of their famous dishes.  I've had 100 times better shrimp and grits at 2 other local restaurants.  The Fried Gulf Shrimp were bland and coated with so much heavy, stale tasting crust, you'd think they were not freshly prepared at the restaurant.  No flavor, Not crispy and fresh.   This town has hundreds of great seafood restaurants that fry up great shrimp.  I certainly expected The Fish House to have been one of them, but it certainly was NOT.   The baby's chicken tenders were fine, but the french fries that came with them were so dry and stale, they appeared to have been prepared hours before and just sitting around.   The only decent part of our meal was the iced tea.   Our waiter was fine, but the seating hostess was not pleasant, never smiled to anyone and acted like she'd rather be somewhere else.   A surprisingly awful way to spend nearly $75.  I'd sure like to have that money back and go to a really good place in town.
My favorite Pensacola spot for seafood, the sushi on Tuesdays is great; and you have to try the Gouda grits, just awesome!
This is our 2nd trip to the Fish House during our yearly family vacations to Pensacola.  We really enjoy the atmosphere.  Live music, seats right at the water, good service-but not fast.  Plan on a wait to be seated and a long wait for food.  Our family of 11 has a lot of picky eaters and we could all find something wonderful to eat here.  You wont be disappointed!!
pretty fun time if you're looking to get drunk and dance
Good sushi. Must try the grits a ya ya. They are delicious! Took a while on the food, but it was worth it.
Good food.  Good service.  The Grits a ya ya were good.  Original Crab Cake Recipe... nice.  The Blackened Salmon was AWESOME as was the Miso Tuna.  We'd heard great things about the steaks... not true when we went... my husband ordered a fillet medium... it came very well done... so they took it back (returning the sides to the table for some reason to get cold)... then the steak was returned very rare... third time's a charm right?  nope.  this time it was medium well, but he ate it... but by that time the rest of us were done and he had to eat the steak on its own as they didn't care to remake the sides to serve him a complete meal.  The manager visited the table to apologize... at least the item was removed from the bill.  Everything else we've ever tried has been good, perhaps they were just having a bad night???  Maybe we'll give the steak another try... maybe.
nothing but great things to say about this place,  GRITS A YA-YA is delicious
Excellent restaurant. We had a great table outside with a view of the docks and bay, with live music close by. Our grandsons loved it. Our server was the greatest, attending promptly, with extreme flexibility to our every request. A little bit pricey but, overall, well worth it.
Really very tasty, especially considering how touristy it looks. I got the lunch special for $11...fish (tilapia that day) and two sides. The grits may be the best I've ever had..very cheesy and buttery, what is not to like. Good value and a decent beer list. Altogether better than it had to be!
Went there last night with Pops only because it was one of the few places open after 9pm that served Gumbo. The place is good in terms of location and all that but its the food that matters. I had the bowl of Gumbo and man it did not taste like a gumbo at all. It was more like a stew. These guys really need to go have some real gumbo before offering it on their menu. In search for a good gumbo place in Pensacola and this place goes on the blacklist. Please keep in mind that my review is based on just one item I had there. I did not eat anything else while I was there. As a matter of fact, the crackers tasted better than the gumbo.
Went here on a tip from a local. She told me that I had to try their shrimp and grits. I am normally not a huge fan of this dish but after reading the menu decided I would try it. This is what shrimp and grits should taste like. The drunken chicken was also very good. The only complaint that I had is that our waiter was too busy with the table next to us who were drinking a lot of wine and very little time paying attention to our needs.
Oh the Fish House...probably the coolest and best restaurant in Pensacola in my opinion.  I travel all over and have found some great places but when I'm home, I hit the Fish House as much as possible.  Besides the professional staff and impressive menu, the view and atmosphere are both very complimentary to your overall dining experience.  All kinds of folks can appreciate the Fish House.  Looking to mingle with the singles?  A romantic dinner date?  An impressive business lunch?  Then the Fish House is your place.  Live music and large outdoor seating and bar area are a few other highlights about this place.  If it's too busy or there's a long wait, then walk a few steps over to Atlas and get a drink until your table is ready.  Everytime someone has visited me in Pensacola, they get a trip to the Fish House and no one has EVER been let down!  Parking can be a pain in the rear but when you see a busy lot and a wait for tables, then that's a good sign!  This place is so much fun in the summer.  Without a doubt...Grits A Ya Ya is something everyone should try at least once in their lifetime!
this is my second time going to the fish house. service was okay. could of been better. but overrall experiences was good. will be back.
Great food! Great service!
This is not my first time coming to Fish House, but it is far and away my worst experience at any restaurant in years. Things started off really well, because we came on Sunday evening of Memorial Day weekend with no reservation, and the hostess said the wait would be 45 minutes, which was shorter than I expected. My wife and I sat at the bar and ordered a drink, and within 15 minutes, we were notified that the table was ready, so we went and sat down. We started off ordering the calamari, and it came out quickly, and was cooked well, and tasted good. Then I ordered the crab stuffed mahi-mahi and a side Caesar salad. The salad came out warm and bitter like it had been sitting out for quite a while, but my wife's salad came out good. Then our entrees came out, and the crab in my fish tasted like it had gone bad some time before it was ever served to me. My wife got the Parmesan crusted grouper and it tasted OK except for the overly fishy aftertaste. After turning back the salad and the entree, the manager came over and apologized, and asked if I would like anything else. I refused, and he took the entree and salad off my bill.  So, all in all, the staff was nice, but the food was horrible.
It's a great little restaurant with very good food and a nice atmosphere. The Grits a Ya Ya is delicious. They also have a great brunch. It's a frequent for "girls night" with my friends and I.
I wouldn't recommend eating here, I have had better food and service at a local Diner . Food was average and about $30 more for our party of four, than comparable restaurants we ate at in the area. Service was fair.
The food is good, atmosphere is superb.  The gouda grits are the best around.  I do not care for their sushi at all.  I prefer the Fish House for lunch.
Nice view and decent food.   The food here was much better years ago.  It seems to have become more focused on being a hang out than restaurant.   Food quality is down but "happy hour" type crowd is up if that's what your looking for.
LOVED this place. The food was excellent and the waitstaff were superb! We ate out on the patio for lunch with two restless kids. We were caught in the middle of a rainstorm at the end of the meal. We grabbed the kids and ran for cover while out waitress happily braved the rain to box up our leftovers. Like others said, the grits are delicious. The fish on my husband's salad was a generous portion and prepared perfectly - not over cooked. I had the volcano roll and am still raving about it. We will definitely stop here again!
We stopped by the Fish House as we drove into Pensacola.  It was Wednesday night and packed because ladies' drinks were $2.00.  The YaYa Grits were good but felt they were over-rated.  The pecan crusted fried shrimp and filet were exceptional.  The key lime pie and vanilla Creme brûlée were good but unremarkable.  We are glad we went there because we heard how great it was but we will not go back again anytime soon.
Underwhelming. My wife's 6 grilled shrimp were meager and average; her grits (not hard to prepare) were bland, and the asparagus tough. Her order was $12 while a pound of LARGE fresh shrimp, steamed and seasoned from Joe Pattis' is only $9. My children's menus and selections were straight from a Sysco box. Service was adequate, and the atmosphere fine. Will not be wasting my money again.
The service was great, and the seafood was fresh and delicious.
The food was excellent. This place has great chefs. I would rate the food an A-OK. I would rate the atmosphere a bit lower, personally. My friends who were accustomed to the "southern mentality" did not notice the difference, so if you are from the south and have lived in the south for a long time, you will absolutely love this place. I would just like to talk about the atmosphere. I went during the Late Night hour on a Friday or Saturday. I went on a rainy day and the dance club area was covered by a clear plastic tarp. I was taken aback by the "southern" atmosphere. Visiting here for the holidays helped me remember the drastic difference between the west coast(San Francisco) and the south. It was almost like a culture shock. I wouldn't blame it on the restaurant in specific...I would just account for the location of the restaurant. I would rate the food with...3-4 stars. I ordered a fish sandwich and an apple martini. At first I wanted to order the fillet mignon, but I changed my mind because I my appetite was suppressed due to the culture shock. I will definitely recommend this restaurant to many of my friends who are from Pensacola or the surrounding areas!
After a return visit to validate our excellent prior experience, we were not disappointed.  From the outstanding service, through the delicious food, to the wonderful setting, this is our first among firsts of  restaurants  in the gulf area.  The drinks were cold; the fish house house punch a bit sweet, but you get to keep the glass.  We split the soul roll which is a taste treat in itself and shares quite well,  The food is simply terrific - fresh, delicious and well presented.  Prawnee, our server is an experience - professional and friendly.  She knows the menu and knows how to be helpful to make sure you get what you want.  Thanks to her special skill of taking charge of the table all three of us got precisely what we wanted and to our satisfaction.  She knows how to make things happen. The fish and shrimp, as expected, are fresh and exceptional, but also try the grits, greens, and sweet potato hash.  Try the special Fish House sauce and the key lime pie.  Nice little extras.  As a quality dining experience with good value, this is what should be expected and more.  If there is a better overall place to go, we have yet to find it.  Dr. Joe
Fabulous restaurant, fabulous meal and fabulous server Greta! My hubby and I are in Pensacola for the seafood festival and tried the shrimp and grits ya-ya at the fish house booth. They were so yummy we decided to eat at the restaurant the next day. Of course we ordered the shrimp and grits ya-ya and we had poached eggs with hollandaise sauce. Both were perfect! The hollandaise sauce may have been the best I have had. The seasoning on the shrimp is yummy too. We will absolutely go there again before we leave town to try another one of their beautiful looking dishes.
Mildly Inconsistent.   If I had written this review three weeks ago, I would be singing the praises regarding The Fish House, but the quality of the acclaimed Ya-Ya Grits this time around leaves me writing just an "ok" review.  I substituted blackened chicken (for shrimp) and the chicken was much saltier and skimpier than my previous visit. Also the ya-ya sauce was a bit off. Service on the other hand, is constantly good. It is also hard to beat the small harbor view. Atmosphere is also really nice, with string lights setting the nighttime mood and several large tables adjacent to the water.   So would recommend coming here if you want a nice place to drink, listen to a live band, and (with the chilly weather coming in) huddling around some fire pits.  If making dinner plans.....you rolls your dice and you takes your chances.
From the surface, The Fish House is the premier fish restaurant in the Pensacola area. They have wonderful reviews on their website from people with stature. Their site is glamorous. The pictures on it look fantastic as do the views. This is marketing at its finest. When you arrive, the scene holds true. Long waits are expected. The deck is packed. Views are wonderful. However, after visiting many of the Gulf Coast local (semi-upscale) seafood spots like this one, The Fish House doesn't belong with the elite, at least the food served here. Drop the prices by 25 percent and you'd have an excellent value. At the current prices, it's extremely overpriced for the dishes served. I took three adults and two children here and spent $180 (with tip) and we only had one appetizer and two glasses of wine. Our meal at Sam's earlier in the day was less than half and all of us had wonderful meals and appetizers. The Fish House has a few issues that keep it from being a five. By the way, if you want to visit a five in this category, go to The Grand Marlin in Pensacola Beach or Stinky's Fish Camp in Destin. In fact, even Felix's in Spanish Fork is much better. We waited at the Fish House for 45-minutes (patiently). Unfortunately, they'll seat one person at an outside table (that can seat six) and if that person takes their time (which they do with this wonderful view) wait times for others can be lengthy. The service was average, at best. Our server had a wonderful smile and was helpful, but forgot two of our drinks, didn't remember our dinner salad and our food took 45 minutes to come out. This was after the crowd had died down. Too slow. Don't get me wrong, the main courses are good, but inconsistent. I travel for a living and have been to hundreds of locations like this one and found that my blackened fish (snapper in this case) was better at chains like Papadeaux and Copelands. I expected more here. The blackened sauce was flavorless and my snapper was overcooked and dry as a plain Big Mac. My sister's seared tuna was pretty good and the crab stuff mahi was very good, however, all our sides tasted canned (the black eyed peas, veggies, etc), not what you'd expect from a place of this stature. Meanwhile, in downtown Pensacola, this is the place to be seen. Young people (20s and 30s) flock to the deck for live music and dress to impress. And, the number of beautiful women will turn heads. In fact, every local we spoke with mentioned this was a place to go for drinks (and some sushi) but not food. It's a great place for a date, special engagement or anytime you're willing to pay a premium for scenery, to be seen or to say you went to The Fish House in Pensacola.
