Decent crust... ruined by over-cheesing!!  It's a wood-fired pizza!  Not NY style!  WTF!
I was just excited to see a wood fired oven...I almost didn't care how the food tasted (JUST KIDDING!!). It was dinner and a show!! The teamwork among the staff here was better than synchronized swimmers (no offense :P). They make the pizzas right in front of your faces...cook it in front of you...and if you're super lucky like us, have one of the frickin owners even serve it to you!! We watched this guy bust azz right alongside his crew making a gazillion pizzas and other Italian dishes. He helped me take pictures of the wood fired oven and then he shook our hands and joked with us. It wasn't until my bff point-blank asked him if he was one of the owners, that Ted joked with us that it was really his wife who owned the establishment! Such a great guy and fantastic quality food at The Tuscan Oven ^_^
The best Italian in Pensacola! It's a mom and pop kind of place! Everything is made either in house or local. There is a brick oven right when you walk in but it doesn't heat up the room; so that's good. I can't say enough about how good my pizza was! Artichokes, bacon, tomatoes, feta, red onion and mozzarella! Incredible! Also, don't forget to order a cannoli! I almost kissed our waitress! It was phenomenal!!!
Best pizza in Pensacola by far. Have been going there for years and the quality has been consistently great. Very good prices as well. Have not had anything other than pizza here but the other dishes I've seen look good. I always get fontina and spicy Italian sausage. Never disappointed.
We have been eaten here several times and have never been disappointed! Great food and drinks. We have eaten all over Italy and Tuscan Oven is the best Italian pizza in the state! Great staff, food and atmosphere!
We were visiting here from Atlanta today and came by for a late lunch. I tried their eggplant Parmesan and it was very good. Their salads looked great as well. If we lived nearby, I would definitely return.
Just had dinner with the family and really enjoyed the pizza. Started off with the Tuscan meatballs which were dynamite. Stop by this place if in Pensacola!
Very very delicious wood fired pizza! We sat at  the bar and watch them make it and then put it in the oven while our mouths watered the whole time. It was spectacular! Great little pizza joint in Pensacola. Overall, the price was great too! We got a 13" pizza with a ton of toppings and one glass of wine and it was only $25 which is great for such amazing pizza! Will be returning.
The best fried mozzarella that you will ever have. No joke. I'm not a foodie, just a hard core food addict. The pizza is the best as well. Great service and great food.
It's pretty hard to find something that everyone can enjoy eating....no wait...that's pizza. Let me try this again. If you have a mixed group and have decided on pizza, I highly recommend The Tuscan Oven. It has a fantastic rustic ambiance featuring a beautiful pizza oven that is a work of art, friendly staff, happy customers, and amazing food selections that go beyond pizza. The menus are beautiful, uncomplicated, and have nice selection without being overwhelming. My husband and I arrived around 9:00pm (Saturday evening / late December) to find available, if somewhat cramped parking. To be honest, we drove right past it at first and had to u-ee. This location could use a little more lighting on the sign, but that's the only real complaint I have about this restaurant. We started with fried calamari and the dipping bread with a bottle of the crisp and delicious moscato wine (offered by the bottle only @ a very reasonable $16. I generally pay $20 for a vintage of similar quality at the store). It was unanimously agreed that the moscato, bread, and hentai food were greatly acceptable to all at the table. The guys ordered the very spicy Ricardo. From my angle of the table it looked meaty and respectably studded with some rockin' ju-lap-en-ohs. I'm a vegetarian, but the guys grunted around their mouthfuls that it was up to their demanding standards. The girls' half of the table featured the Sal Fiorentina. My mouth is actually watering as I'm thinking of what to say about our pizza. Yes. It. Was. That. Good. This Devine creation looked like it belonged in a museum. The spinach and ricotta looked to have been pureed together and then swirled onto the top of a heavenly layer of fresh mozzarella. The cheese is a rich chewy mess that blends beautifully with the delicate flavor of the fresh spinach and ricotta purée. It is as elegantly understated as the description in menu. Throughout our meal the restaurant was busy with customers, but not obnoxiously packed into every little nook and cranny. We had a lovely conversation using our indoor voices. Moreover, the staff was attentive without being obtrusive or pushy. I had a quick glance at the check on the way out and it looked like we spent about $75 with the gratuity included, or roughly $19 a person. Thank you meowy much for reading my review! =^.^=
Out of the way, a hidden treasure. Tuscan salad very good, and the pasta Algorno is excellent (pasta, sauce, Italian sausage). Be ready, portions are quite large and hearty. Excellent wait staff.
I was disappointed. The service was slow and the food was not so good. Possibly, partially my fault for ordering a pizza with bacon and pickles on it. I will not be trying pickles on my pizza ever again. And, I will not be returning to this restaurant.
I decided to check this place out because the reviews made it sound so good! I walked in and a server greeted me and sat me right away. She took my order and was very polite and attentive. I ordered the 10" Margherita pizza when I got the pizza it looked great and from the first to the last bite it was delicious! The mozzarella and the sauce were a perfect combination and the basil just put all the flavors together for a perfectly delicious pizza! The place was small but really cool and the oven is right there on the dining room and its really cool to watch! Everything else on the menu sounded really good so I will have to come back and check out the rest.
For me, the thing that really sets this place apart from other Italian restaurants is the sauce. This became immediately evident when we ordered the giant meatball appetizer. I found myself spooning more sauce than meat onto my plate. I guess their sauce resembles the sort of sauce I like to make at home. They use that fire-roasted taste to their benefit. I loved it so much I ordered a separate cup of marinara to dip my pizza crusts in. Not because the crust was sub-par, though! The pizza was fully cooked and the toppings were delectably cohesive. I had to force myself not to overeat, because when I put my mind to it I can put a dent in some pizza. But the fare at Tuscan Oven makes you want to have leftovers to enjoy the next day.
It was pretty crowed when we showed up but the service was still fast. The pizza is good and the staff is very friendly.
This place is a diamond in the dirt.  The food here was amazing.  The sauce that they put on the meatballs appetizer is the same sauce they put on the pizza, which was bangin!  The garden salad with the artichoke was one of the best salads I've ever had, and I've eatten plenty of salads before.  They had craft beers which pairs perfectly with pizza. I'm usually looking for NY style pizza, but this place really hit the spot.  It's defintely not NY style, but delicous in its own way.  I would definitely recommend sharing a medium sized pizza with a friend.  I only ate 2 pieces before I had to box it up. The outdoor patio is basically an extension into the parking lot.  A car almost backed into our table.  Not the best place to sit, but a good place to people-watch.  The place draws a good crowd on Friday night,  so get yourself a pizza, some craft beers, and a seat on the patio.  This is a cool place to unwind after a long week.
Great place to eat before leaving the Pensacola airport. Pizza was good. Sat outside on the patio. A little noisy but a fun option to being indoors.
This is a decent italian pizza place, I don't have a whole lot to say about it, there wasn't' anything particular memorable good or bad.  The food is pretty good but the atmosphere and boring and tired.
Our family recently moved from Omaha Nebraska to beautiful Gulf Breeze and we couldn't be more excited that we found this amazing pizza restaruant.  We have a family tradition on every Friday to go out and have pizza and we loved this place!  The server even brought out raw dough and flour for each of our three girls for them to play with to help them keep the wiggles down...so listen up family goers...this place is amazing!   For appetizers we had the bruschetta, it was fresh, tasty and not overly salted...just perfect!My wife and I did 1/2 vegetarian and 1/2 meat-lovers and loved every bite!  The kids did a 1/2 bacon and 1/2 hawaiin and ate every last slice!  Our smallest who really doesn't eat too much pizza was brought out a salad specially made for her by our amazing server.  For dessert our girls had these amazing donut balls that were lightly covered with powder sugar and then glazed with a light caramel sauce...Loved, loved, loved this place!  We will def be back!
Update: They cleaned the ceiling tiles two weeks after the review below.  Much better. /////////////////////// My family of five enjoyed a nice lunch here recently...and we tried numerous menu choices.  We had appetizers, pizza, calzones, soup, and a few other selections as well.  It was our first time at the Tuscan Oven, and after the reviews I'd previously read, I wanted to "experience" this place. I'm giving the Tuscan Oven a "two star" rating because, the food and service was very good. But something else forces me to say that I won't be going back. You'll have to read to the end to understand why. Bruschetta: Excellent taste, but the tomatoes were a bit "green" compared to what I'm used to.  I realize that some people actually prefer their tomatoes "crunchier."  But I'm not sure that's common to people who are looking for good food.  The bread they serve with the bruschetta is a very thick,  home-made bread. Unusual, but excellent.  If customers like thinner bread, I recommend turning it sideways and slicing it in half...the dish is loaded, so there are plenty of tomatoes to go around should you double the bread surface. Artichoke Soup: Excellent taste, but runny enough so it was difficult to eat without splattering your shirt.   I recommend a thickening agent to give it a better texture.  And while I realize that a rue is not traditional for this style of cooking, I think a blonde rue thickener would actually complement the soup. Pizza: Outstanding  No complaints here.  We had two pizzas, and they were great Calzones: Very good.  Again, no complaints. Service was very good.  No complaints. At this point, based on food and service only, I would rate the Tuscan Oven somewhere between four and five stars.   Now, to the other stuff.  And let me "qualify" my comments by telling you that I grew up in a family of restaurateurs.  So I tend to look a restaurant over in ways that other customers might not. A previous reviewer mentioned the safety problem of seating diners at the edge of the parking lot, without any substantial barrier to protect patrons from being struck by errant drivers maneuvering around a tight parking area. I agree.  Its an issue. And some smart lawyer should speak to the owner and inform him/her about he liability issue of putting dining tables in a spot that could pose such a risk to customers. The Tuscan Oven looks relatively clean when you walk in the door. In my case, it wasn't until we were seated and had the menus in our hands that I began to notice "issues."  First, the menus, themselves...  They're home-made, with sheets of "parchment-like" paper with a couple punch holes at the time, ring-tied to a hard-board in back. So you flip you pages as you would a steno-pad.  But the pages of the menus were old and warn, and undoubtedly had been in many, many hands.  To protect customer heath the restaurant should regularly print off new menu pages and replace them.   After we ordered our appetizers I had a chance to sit back in my seat and look around me.  And it was then that the "alarm lights" started to flash in my mind.  As I gazed across the table at my adult children, my eyes were drawn upward at stained ceiling tiles.  And once I focused my attention on the ceiling, there it was...filth and dust unlike any restaurant I've seen in many years.  There is a black stripe of lint and dust that has formed "dust-bunnies," some the size of butterflies, hanging from the metalwork of the dropped ceiling.  The tiles were aged, and many of them badly stained from something that had apparently leaked down from above. All the ceiling tiles were bowed down in their frames, apparently from a combination of age and moisture damage.  Now remember...this is over the heads of the dining room tables.   While I really enjoyed the taste of the food at the Tuscan Oven. But I had uncomfortable feeling eating there.  When I see the kind of filth that was hanging over the tables, in plain sight of the customers, I know that an owner/manager who can walk under that roof, day after day, year after year, had to notice it. And the half-dozen employees that walk under the filthy ceiling every day must have seen it as well. If they'll allow the customer to see that kind of filth, and such strong evidence of an uncaring owner/manager, I can't imagine what I might find hiding from customers' eyes, were I allowed a few minutes to inspect in the kitchen.   It's easy to fix a poor menu item. And its relatively easy to fix the problem of a bad employee or two.  But it's almost impossible to "fix" an owner who doesn't care about the cleanliness of his/her restaurant.  This is what I consider to be the biggest "sin" a restaurant owner can commit.  If I have a bad experience with a waiter, or I order a meal I'm not happy with, I'll almost always give the restaurant one or two more chances.  But when I discover a restaurant that's filthy...that's something completely differen
This place is awesome!  You can see the wood oven from the dining room.  Even with a bit of a wait for a table for two, the staff was all very friendly and the service was prompt. Well worth the wait!
Well I'd like to start off by saying at this point I have yet to even get my pizza and this place is amazing! First thing for me is costumer service. The service here is attentive, polite, warming ( like your eating in your best friends kitchen) enough said on that. Second the pizza has finally arrived! All there is to say is WOW awesome best pizza I have had in a while This place is a must go when in p'cola
The rating should really be 2.5. The decor was pleasant, clean and inviting enough. I've really learned to lower my standards in Pensacola, so this place wasn't bad. I ordered the chicken pesto linguine, which was pretty good, could've had more flavor, but it was decent enough. The mussels were quite tasty though, I highly recommend them. The pizzas looked good, the crust seemed more of an artisan type crust, not too doughy, though one of my friends' was pretty charred.   The service was not all that great. The waitress was a little angry or disgruntled and had considerable attitude when we ordered, but she  mellowed out a bit. I'm not surprised, as I mentioned, after being in Pensacola and dining out a few times, the service here is pretty uninspiring and amateur.  But, we have to eat! All in all, the food was pretty good so I'd go back, and just ignore the crabby waitress.
Several visits- this was disappointing. Meatball appetizer is a good value, but food was warm-not hot. Ceiling tiles still have discoloration and some water damage but appears some work appears to have been done. Past visits were better, maybe just an off evening.
This isn't a place for pizza novices.  If you're expecting something salty and greasy like Pizza Hut, made with artificial mozzarella, frozen dough, and corn syrup sweetened sauce, you're going to be horribly disappointed.   If you want a house-made crust with properly rested and risen dough, with fresh mozzarella, and a tomato sauce that actually tastes like tomatoes, then Tuscan Oven is the place to go.  If you know what good pizza should taste like, with fresh ingredients and careful preparation, the Tuscan Oven will be a godsend to you in Pensacola. Tuscan Oven has a wood-burning oven, imported from Italy, and they know how to use it properly.  Their pizzas are slightly black on the bottom, like an authentic pizza should be.  Their crust is simple, just flour, yeast, salt, and water, without any added, distracting ingredients.  Their sauce is made with fresh tomatoes, and that's all you really need. They offer a number of different pizzas, though their best is probably the simple Margherita, made with just tomatoes, basil, and mozzarella. If you order their Abbondanza (meat) pizza, I'd recommend it without the sausage.  It falls apart on the pizza, and has an odd, gritty mouthfeel, and not much flavor.  Their other meats are pretty good.  The Pietro is their pepperoni pizza, and it's a good, solid choice.  They use a spicy, tasty pepperoni that's worlds above what you get at most pizza joints.  For a large pizza big enough for three to four, expect to pay between $14-19, although their Seafood pizza is a bit more.  If you can stomach the though of shrimp and clams with mozzarella and marinara, though, you're a stranger man than I. The appetizers are standard, Italian-restaurant fare.  During tomato season in the summer, try their Caprese salad, made with tomato slices, mozzarella, basil leaves, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar.  I wouldn't order it outside of tomato season though.  The Mozzarella in Corrozza is their take on fried cheesesticks; two mozzarella blocks fried in a herb and bread crust.  It's very indulgent, but pretty good if you don't mind eating a half pound of fried cheese. Their wine selection is pretty bare bones, and reduces down to a couple simple reds and whites.  I usually stick with beer, but then, I'm cheap. They're not open Sundays or Mondays.  On the days they are open, arrive before 6 PM, because the place gets crowded quickly!
I have heard so many people just rave about The Tuscan Oven so I knew it would only be a matter of time before I gave it a try.  I have to say I was severely disappointed, as was my friend I ate with.  The pizza is dull and the sauce is nothing more than chunks of tomatoes - it is a bit of a stretch to even call it a sauce.  The worst part is, the pizza is pretty expensive - definitely not worth it at all.  The only redeeming quality is a nice atmosphere.   Beware the hype!
If you sit at the pizza bar TIP THE GUYS MAKING YOUR FOOD. This place is dead in the water without them. The pizza is pretty damn good. Maybe too much garlic but worth what you pay. A large will easily fill three average body weight people. So eat up!
Very very good pizza, nice atmosphere, all around, lovely place The Tuscan Oven. It's turned into one of our favorites.
Me and my family ate here while on vacation and the food was amazing. Almost makes me want to move there! The sauce was not too sweet and there weren't any chunky tomatoes. Just right!
This restaurant is by far my favorite place in all of Pensacola. Now give me a second to explain before you go judging me for being impressed by just pizza. This wonderful little establishment not only has great food, but a comforting feel to it. It's such a homey feel...almost like you are gathered with some friends in your backyard having great food on a relaxing sunday afternoon. In addition, the service was fantastic both times I have gone in every way. Now that I've highlighted the key points allow me to go into detail. The pizza is what you would expect out of pizza made from scratch. Very natural taste! So as others have mentioned, DO NOT go here expecting to get Pizza Hut pizza lol. If you choose to go I would recommend sitting outside as long as weather permits, trying the calamari or the tuscan triple for an appetizer. Then try the Pietro for an entree and the dough bites for dessert. You won't be disappointed!! Enjoy =)
The Tuscan Oven is a great little pizza shop on 9th Avenue just down from the mall. If you're going to go, make sure you don't try it on a Sunday or Monday - they are closed both days! Yikes! We finally got to go with a bit of planning ahead, and boy was it worth the wait! The pizza is absolutely terrific! We ordered the Bianca - a white pizza with an olive oil base. It was fantastic! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is a tired of the chains, and wants a fresh, oven baked pizza!
Normally when you eat somewhere really good and then leave for a long time your mind will build up the meal beyond how good it actually was.  The BBQ in Pensacola was a great example of that during my trip back to Pensacola recently.  I first came here almost 5 years ago and I'm pleased to report that nothing has changed and it's just as incredible as it was back then.  If you can, sit at the bar and watch them perform the magic that is wood oven fired pizza right in front of you in that awesome italian oven.  My favorite is the bianca pizza with chicken, prosciutto, and sun dried tomatoes added to it. This is an absolute must stop for anyone coming through the area.  Best pie I've ever had.  Ted and Deanna are awesome down to earth owners.
Just realized I had not reviewed one of favourite places. My recommendation for an appetizer is surprising. Fried shrimp. You get like 8 large non greasy shrimp with a spicy side sauce. Also I get the parmesan chicken salad that comes with fresh stawberries, grapes and garlic pizza bread. For pizza my husband and I always order the spicy ham. spicy sausage and pepperoni pizza. Only place I know of with spicy meat on the pizzas. We generally sit at the bar so we can watch the pizza making going on and chat with the owner Ted who is usually behind the bar placing the pizzas in the brick oven right behind him. Favorite servers are Kim, George, Marissa and Manali (spelling). I have never gotten to dessert here. Always too full. They will also bake the pizza so that you can take it home and bake it a few more minutes.
All I can say is YUM! My husband and I went here for the first time on 12/27 for lunch. It was a Tuesday and they were packed, but we didn't have a wait. The service was great. Our drink glasses were always full. To start, my husband had the Caprese Salad and I had the House salad with the house dressing. The Caprese Salad was very good and came very well seasoned. My salad was a standard  house salad with iceberg lettuce but did have fresh mushrooms and black olives in it too. The house dressing was a flavorful vinaigrette. My husband and I shared the Margherita pizza. It came with fresh basil leaves on top. They were whole and I would have preferred they were shredded (easier to eat). It had a hint of garlic in the crust that made it yummy. Overall, a great experience.
While Tuscan Oven is not the trendy Neapolitan style pizza, NY style or deep dish.. its still tasty in its own right.  We went on a Saturday night and the place was packed.  There's seating inside, outside, or at the pizza bar.   The crust is nice and thin & there's tons of cheese.  The tomato sauce isnt' your standard marinara, but more like spaghetti sauce.  Make the pizza how you like - just choose how big of a pizza you're looking for and then the toppings you want. easy shmeasy. I thought it was really yummy.
One word: DELICIOUS! First off, everyone is really friendly. The owners even came up to the table to ask how we were doing a couple times! My boyfriend and I have been meaning to go and I was so glad we finally did. We got calamari and it was really good. I ordered pasta, and with pasta you get a side salad. This salad was so good! I think it was the parmesan dressing that really did it for me. I can't wait to go back.
We've driven to this place several times and they've been closed.  Finally, we go and they're open! Really cute inside.  Hostess sat us at a strange corner, cramped table that we were both too tall for.  Our legs had no where to go and it was awkward.  Our waitress was "nice" but I wouldn't want her to wait on me again.  She skipped all the formalities and just wanted to know what we wanted.  Not very friendly at all, BUT she was fast! They have this appetizer that's amazing.  You get a bunch of slices of their garlic-y bread stuff and then you have the choice of dipping it in their hummus, pesto or marinara sauce.  YUM!  All three were great! I ordered a sausage pasta dish that lasted for a total of 4 meals (great leftovers) and my guest ordered a pizza turned into calzone.  It was a LOT of food and delicious!   Note: At the restaurant, my meal was pretty blah, BUT each time I reheated it, it got better and better!  Go figure! We'll go back some day, but it isn't a must for us.
Very Good Pizza, the taste is all there. However, I enjoy a nice crispy bottom on my pizza but the pizza here gets soggy right when it gets to the table. There's so much potential here and maybe it was just the pizza the hubby and I ordered (Margherita). The triple sauces with the garlic bread is a nice touch, variety is always a plus but the bread was just crispy pizza dough without sauce and not enough garlic flavoring. I probably will give this place another shot.
I don't have to describe the pizza served here for everyone to know how good this place is. For the best-of-the-best in pizza-eatery, the Tuscan Oven is the place to go. While it isn't you mom-and-pop pizza shop for $7 pizza, the pizza is made in a brick oven, and the quality is noticeable--in every way. The service here is fantastic--there is never a water glass-gone-dry. If you are in the area and are looking for some hearty delicious pizza, definitely check this place out. I doubt you will be disappointed.
Once I tried their pizza, I was hooked!  I haven't had a better pizza before, or since.  Everything is always fresh and prepared right in front of you.  The staff is very close has been there for a long time, and they have always been super friendly.  The restaurant is very clean.  The bathrooms are clean but small, kind of a one man show, but no locks so it makes it an uncomfortable greeting if someone else walks in.  Paper towels are used so if you're somewhat germ concious you can dry, turn off the water, flush and open the door without contracting the funk Recently, I've tried their fried shrimp appetizer.  Beyond Words!  The best fried shrimp I have ever had!  Their parmesan and horse radish dipping sauce puts it over the top.
Great experience! We were headed to the airport and wanted to grab some pizza beforehand. Luckily we passed this place! Our server was super friendly and very attentive. They brought my son a pizza pan with some dough and he loved playing with it. We ordered a Margherita pizza and it was so delicious! The sauce was incredible. We will definitely be back.
Wait staff great, food is the best.
A very pleasant restaurant employing friendly and punctual staff members.  Everyone we spoke with was very friendly, professional and helpful. The restaurant interior was clean and inviting.  Service was prompt and the order was correct. There was one downside to our dining experience: the food was bland and dry. I've eaten Italian food all over the USA and Europe and the food offered at The Tuscan Oven left much to be desired.  Too bad; because if this restaurant could improve the food a bit .... they'd have a real winner on their hands.
I've been coming here since this place opened, and it's probably is the best pizza place in Pensacola. The crowds can be too much sometimes. I haven't found a place that does calamari better in this area either.
My favorite pizza place in Pensacola.  It's real brick oven cooked pizza.  Ingredients are fresh.  My favorite appetizers are the Tuscan Triple (which consists of garlic bread, pesto, chunky marinara and hummus) and the calamari (also served with the chunky marinara).  Their artichoke soup is nothing like I've ever had and it varies.  Sometimes it's really chunky and creamy and other times it's thin but always delicious.  I've tried most of the pizzas and sometimes create my own (which runs a bit more expensive), but my default pizza is the margarita which is just a simple cheese pizza with basil.  You can add toppings, my family and I like chopped asparagus on it.  This is the kind of place that's great for a group (although you might have to wait to get a table).  We're usually a party of 4-8 and get 2-3 pizzas plus an appetizer.  When you divided it out the price really isn't bad.  The gelato is heavenly and the riccota cheesecake is some of the best cheesecake I've ever had.  I can't recommend the pasta or the salad.  Go here for the pizza. Sometimes the seating is a little tight and if you sit outside beware of the dumpster smell wafting your way.  They are closed Sunday and Monday.  Disappointingly they were closed for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend too.  Small parking lot so sometimes you have to park across the side street.
This is one of the best pizza places I have been to. Everything is made fresh and no matter what type of pizza I've ordered, it's always tasted excellent.
This is THE BEST PIZZA IN TOWN. They really know how to make pizza right. The crust is always perfect. The taste & amount of sauce is always perfect. The ingredients are blissful. The service never fails to be Excellent. Nowhere else in Pensacola compares! I know what I am talking about because I'm from San Francisco.  :-)
The last night in Pen and we decided to go here, what a great night! Service was amazing, pizza linguini and clams fabulous! they were a little busy but still had fabulous service! Only downfall is the parking, thank god for the not so busy restaurant next door, ample parking!
Not sure why anyone could not love this place. Our favorite pizza by far. The other food is also very good. The calamari, the fried shrimp, and fried veggie apps are great. Love the abondonza and the Ricardo pizza's. Good to see them doing so well in a bad economy. We've left several times because their waiting room was packed full and didn't want to wait. We now try to make it there before 6pm.
We dined at Tuscan Oven tonight, and as in previous visits, had a delicious dinner.  We skipped appetizers to save room for desert, and went straight for a large Spinach Pizza.  The crust was doughy, but fairly thin.  It was both crispy and chewy without being tough and over cooked.  Ricotta cheese is utilized in addition to more traditional firmer cheeses.  This lends a nice, rich quality to the topping.  There is a nice selection of wines, many available by the glass.  The beer list is more modest, but decent.  For desert, we shared a chocolate torte.  It was scrumptious without being excessively sweet.  Service was friendly and efficient.  The ambiance is above average.  Y'all enjoy it now!
I think this is the best pizza place in Pensacola. They have a great amount of choices for pizza. I like to eat outside. Their chicken pizza is really good.
I was very impressed by the pizza, but not so much the appetizers. The mussels were very bland and tasteless. But, the pizza was superb. We ordered the margherita and the Bianca. Both were delicious. Service was very mediocre. Yes, I am very likely to return.
Really fantastic pizza if you ask me.  I'm a lover of  garlic and apparently these folks are too.  I usually build my own pizza, but they do have some traditional and eclectic dishes to choose from if you want it all laid out for you.  You must get the Tuscan Triple appetizer!  House-made marinara, pesto, and hummus are the perfect trio for pizza dough garlic bread.
last night was spent at pensacola little theater for stage fright. after waiting in line two hours for the final show, the theater caught fire before we could see it. or else someone pulled the fire alarm to be moronic. either way, after standing in line for that long and the arrival of the fire truck it was decidedly time to leave and go eat. destination: the tuscan oven. we got there just in time to still be seated to get a pizza but since it was 10 pm when we got there they were already shutting the kitchen down for regular entrees. totally ok tho! we got an artichoke, black olive and pepperoni pizza which was so delicious i was floored! pensacola is not a town where i feel there are many restaurants to brag about, but this place deserves high marks. to go along with our pizza we ordered a bottle of Santa Christina vintage 2004. this was a delicious wine and was presented well by our waitress. this type of service is particularly classy and upscale for this area and the price is expensive but not outrageous.
I would go five stars if they'd up their wine list just a tad.  Great pizza and incredible management. The owner's are alway's there and quite hands on. In the rare occassion that something may not be perfect, they'll fix it without an excuse.  Honestly a great pie. Great for sitting outside except in the summer.
Order the pizza with EVERYTHING on it if you are adventurous it was spectacular
Very nice place, good service, and great food. I had the eggplant parm and my colleague had a pizza. We were both very satisfied with the food. The decor and atmosphere were nice and the prices are great! Dinner with salad and 2 glasses of wine for under $20.
Authenitc pizza.  Great prices.  Bianca Royale is my favorite pizza.  My friends loved their pasta as well.
Had the spinach salad and seafood pizza. Excellent. Ate at the bar and watched the owner (Ted) cook in the brick oven.
Staff is friendly, and that's pretty much it. We ordered the some pasta with chicken in it, pasta was extremely greasy and chicken was extremely dry, like changed color dry. They say their marguerita pizza has fresh basil and clearly is NOT, it should not be chopped up pre packaged condiment, go to macaroni grill and ask for a fresh one. Also ordered calzone it was sooo much cheese in it that it was not edible, it felt like two pounds of cheese.These people need to take a course upstate NY by true Italians before they go claiming is fresh and authentic. Went once and that was enough not to go back! I'll stick with macaroni grill or bagels del sol pizzeria...
The wife and I have heard and read all the great reviews about this little pizza place for a couple of years now. We finally had the opportunity to give it a try. Service was slow. They seemed to not have enough help to manage the number of guest that were here for lunch. There were plenty of open tables, but still had a 30 minute wait. The pizza are cooked in a brick oven which is located in the middle of the restaurant. Naturally, being cooked this way does make the pizza taste a little better, but both my wife and I were a little disappointed that it did not taste better than it did. The crust is a thin crust with a large area around the pizza of a thicker crust without any toppings. The toppings left a little to be desired. They did not taste fresh, more like frozen and thawed. Overall, it was OK, but we probably won't be back. There are better places to get a good pizza.
We were looking for an Italian restaurant in Pensacola and found this one through yelp. The food is GREAT, the portions are large and the service was steady. We will definitely eat here again!
Food was ok....We had to wait forever to get food and drinks. Not the best.
Truly authentic Sicilian pizza cooked in a clay oven imported from Tuscany.  Once you've dined at The Tuscan Oven, you'll agree that all other Pensacola pizza is average.  The owners, Ted and Deanna LaMarche are gracious hosts.  In addition, Ted serves as the Head Chef. Try The Tuscan Oven.....you will NOT be disappointed.
My wife and I visited and I have to say this is one of the best pizza's I have had in the last few years.  Pizza in Pensacola = the Tuscan Oven.
This place didn't blow me away, and I'm not picky. The service was bad, the food was bland and mediocre. When I asked for bread (which they originally forgot) was clearly microwaved then got hard when it cooled down. Half of their online menu is not correct (which they know about) but haven't bothered to correct. Many of the items I had came in to try, have not been on their menu for over a year. I'm giving two stars only because the food was somewhat edible and their chef was walking around shaking hands which I thought was nice. Unfortunately this will be my only trip here. If I want slightly better Italian with killer bread, I'll just go to the Olive Garden down the street.
The worst pizza I've had in awhile...the crust was like cardboard & the pizza was piled up with thick cheese.   Try Mellow Mushroom--much better crust and tastier pizza.  I have to agree with Ashley S's review wholeheartedly.  Not sure what the hype is.
Ok I'll chime in on TTO. First of all people need to understand the pizza served at TTO is NOT the slop you're used to getting at the typical American pizza joint. You will not be getting a four inch thick slab of dough with 13 kinds of meat piled on top of 6 cheeses. For the unknowing American dullards this pizza is very, very close to what you will get in Italy. (Yes I've been there... a few times.) They went to the trouble of bringing an authentic pizza oven over here so it kind of makes sense they'd cook the pizzas the same way they do in Italy. Order the classic pizza in Italy and you'll get a dough very similar to TTO's and it'll have some tomatoes, chunk Mozzerella and whole leaf basil on top with a little EVOO....that's it!! If you think the $10 neighborhood for a small is "pretty expensive" then maybe head over to the chain store for some of the aforementioned bargain basement, overly processed garbage. If you want a pizza done in the classic tradition in a pleasant setting then give TTO a shot. Bad service? I've never, ever been treated in less than a top shelf manner in my 8-10 trips here so I don't have a clue what people complain about in that regard. I always give the server the benefit of the doubt, they have bad days just like everyone else but unlike most of us they have to be in people's faces on those days. Most of us can hide behind a desk when we're down. Fried calamari is very nice and I especially enjoy the artichoke soup, always reminds me of the "Artie chokes three for a dollar" joke.
The Tuscan Oven is a very efficient restaurant! Only 15 minutes after departing, while in a movie theater, my dining companion had to exit the screening to evacuate her dinner -- twice! The only way the restaurant could be more efficient is if they deposited the food directly into the sewer system, routing around their diners' digestive tracts altogether. So great! This is the first time I've ever been to a restaurant designed principally with the pleasure of sewer dwelling bacteria in mind, but I think it's a really novel concept that's sure to take off. Best of luck to the owners, I really hope their restaurant blows up quicker than warm brown lighting. Sarcasm aside, this is on record as the worst meal I've ever had, barring not all the disgusting meals at Duke University's union-run slop-houses (operated by the abysmal Bon Appetit, food services for a sustainable future®), hot dogs from gas stations, and airline dinners I've had the misfortune to have ingested. I am deeply saddened by the excellent Yelp! review, and am convinced that either; previous reviewers rated it favorably as an ironic gesture, or; its rating is a concerted effort by locals to mislead tourists into such a dreadful dining experience that they could rationally conclude visiting Pensacola is heresy. Hoping it's a result of the former, I've decided to get in on the game and have awarded The Tuscan Oven FIVE STARS for its commitment to dining excellence for the all too often overlooked, silent-but-deadly, sewer dwellers. Please, for the sake of public health, if not your own sanity, avoid eating at The Tuscan Oven. At all costs!
This was a great place we all had our own pizza which they cook in a wood fire oven. It takes a little time to get them because of this but it was worth the wait. I had the caprese and the calamari both of which were really good the other dishes that I saw come to other patrons also looked really good.
I really enjoyed eating here.  I had the Bianca Pizza Royale and it was delicious.  The ingredients were fresh and the cheese was abundant.  I have finally found a pizza place I enjoy in Pensacola.  I will continue to go again and again!  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.  Plus, my 15 month old liked playing with the dough they gave him!  I just wish they offered more pasta choices for children.
I think it is very had to find good pizza in Pensacola.  You cannot compare take out pizza to Tuscan Oven.  Delivery pizza is a joke.  I have found that this place serves high quality food and the owner plays a hands on role here.  I have never been there when she didn't come by to check on us.  One time she came over to tell us that she didn't like the way our pizza looked when it came out so, she had them prepare another.  She wanted to let us know what the extra time would be.  This has never ever happened to me.  This to me shows that she honestly cares.  I happen to love the sauce and have to say it certainly is not "dull".
My wife & I, eat here about every week. We love it ,we start with the tuscan triple for our app. then we aways have our pizza with spicy ham, spicy sausage, lean prosciutto & white onions. This is the best pizza place in Pensacola.
This place is almost always packed on the weekends with a wait of 25-45 minutes both times we went. The beer selection is pretty good with some good Italian brands, the pizza is amazing (try the Bianca - it is to die for), apps are yummy and the overall atmosphere is great. The only reason I can't give it the fifth star is both times that we went (within 3 weeks of each other) the wait staff seemed less than thrilled to be working and immediately brought checks once we began to slow down before asking if we wanted dessert - which one night we actually did and sent the check away to trade for a dessert menu). I would say this place is a must if you're looking for higher-end pizza in Pcola!
Great pizzas!  Cooked the real way in a brick oven.  The sauce is tasty with chunks of tomatoes and the cheese is out of this world.  It's not much more expensive than chain pizza places and you can tell a huge difference in quality.  Dog friendly establishment and they will bring your dog a water bowl. (You have to sit outside of course) Fresh made fried mozzarella is delicious. (Save the marinara to dunk your crust in) It's very easy to engulf a large pizza here in one sitting... I know from experience.  If only they delivered!
We were expecting a good meal based on the high Yelp reviews, but we were surprised by just how amazing our meals were, as well as the large portions. My veggie Tuscan sandwich (onions, tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms, provolone and mozzarella) was served on a delicious, chewy flatbread that I believe was baked in the restaurant's brick oven. The other dish we ordered, meatball and pasta, was also exceptional. It's always nice to discover a restaurant that becomes a favorite like this one has for us. The food, the service, the atmosphere were lovely. Can't wait to return.
Decided to try something other than the pizza this visit.  Settled on the Meatball & Pasta.  Maybe it's me?  but I didn't care for the taste of the over-sized meatball and the marinara was watery with a few chunks of tomato in it.   Disappointing.  Methinks I'll stick with the Pizza from now on. And please... do something with that ceiling!  A lil paint would do wonders! Make a stronger effort to clean the place up.
