It would be impossible to write a proper review of hands-down my favorite restaurant on the gulf coast. There are far too many things I love about this place. Seriously, if you like food at all, do yourself a favor and make the trek out to Marcus Pointe. Their menu is constantly evolving (as is their herb garden) and you just won't find a better value for your money. The food is very rich at times... If you have a sensitive palate this may not be the place for you. But if you are an adventurous foodie that doesn't cringe at the words "head cheese," you will be in heaven.
After trying to find a good restaurant in Pensacola over and over again, we finally found one! My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner, and it was wonderful. The only downside is the restaurant is about 10 miles outside of Pensacola on a golf course. The menu is very short and changes all the time (as the chef gets inspired/the seasons change). I had the red snapper seared with Woodford Reserve over some sort of sweetly sautéed carrots and my boyfriend had chicken and dumplings (by far the best chicken I've ever tried). We also ordered Old Fashions to start -- they were okay (can't say they tasted like an Old Fashioned). The restaurant was quite pricey -- between $27-35 a plate but definitely worth it for a special occasion!
I wish there were more restaurants in the Pensacola area like the Iron. As competition is a good thing, and in this case, I think it would be a great thing. The Iron offers outstanding service, eclectic sustainable food, on an artful plate. There were foods that I liked and didn't however, over all, I would go back again and again.  The Iron is a place you have to go just during sunset, it is then that it is reminiscent of the old "Tavern on the Green" restaurant, that was located in New York's Central Park. Iron sits on the Marcus Pointe golf course, and during these hours or moments the color is beautiful. The staff is unparalleled, batted group go professionals, where you feel very catered too. There was an initial starter of compressed watermelon and raspberry caviar, this was used as a paler cleanser, and it was a start of good things to come. Then the order of fried oysters, escargot for appetizers. The fried oysters were excellent; however, I felt that these oysters in a restaurant of this calibre under rated The Iron. excellently done, but very simple. Still I liked them. The escargot, well, I like the classic, as I view escargot as a little rubber plug, that absorbs flavor. The classic, well thats garlic butter and parsley with french bread. The Iron's version is one of brie cheese in a creme sauce. It was very good, but I miss the classic. Next came the Cesar Salad, which I also found a little busy, again I like the classics. I was good, but busy. I must be a simplistic man. As an entree I ordered the lamb chops, with Juniper yogurt and lentil salad, my friend ordered the Scallops. The Lamb Chops were out of this world, seasoned perfectly and plated like a Van Gogh. It was scrumptious. My friends scallops were also a beautiful work of art, and cooked to perfection. Dessert of fried nutella ravioli, OMG, they were fantastic I wanted to order more of them to go! The price point, well it's high, but I feel well worth it. Iron gives Pensacolaians a temple to pray for more restaurants and talented chefs like this one. I know I was harsh on some items, that would make Iron not deserving of five stars. But, it's not that these items didn't taste well, they did, and there was a lot of effort to prepare them; however, I just know that I like theses same dishes prepared in a more simplistic original manner.
Fabulous food. The chefs really care about what they are serving. It is a gastronomic nirvana compared to other restaurants in Pensacola. We had the heirloom tomatoes and the pork belly which were both superb. my wife had diver scallops and I had salmon, both worth ordering again. Don't pass on this gem.
Hands down the best restaurant in Pensacola. I've never been disappointed and have always been wowed by fantastic presentation, local ingredients, and amazing flavors! The menu is ever changing to accommodate what's fresh in their garden, local in-season items, as well as to add creative new culinary concepts. It's a little pricy but you're paying for top quality ingredients, and don't worry the portions are generous so you'll never leave hungry. Make a reservation if you plan to go on the weekend, seats are a hot commodity!
We've been here for dinner a few times with friends and the dishes are always as flavorful as they are beautiful.  Chef Alex McPhail makes sure everything is prefect before the plates arrive at the table. The chicken and waffles is nothing short of amazing and the lamb 5 ways is a lesson is richness and depth. This is my new "go to" when I want to wow my company or treat my lady special.  Thanks for creating a great new spot for intimate dining and/or catching up with friends in a casual atmosphere.  Can't wait to make my next reservation!
The restaurant is small, but quaint. The chef is the most imaginative chef on the Gulf Coast. We have had dinner here 3 or 4 times. Each time the menu is completely different and amazing! The dishes are a work if art, and taste as fantastic as they look. Great wine list, and knowledgable and professional service. I am looking forward to our next visit!
This is clearly the best restaurant in the central Gulf Coast area.  It rivals anyplace we have experienced in New Orleans.  We were here for our son's birthday, which gave us an opportunity to explore different plates across the menu.  For apps we shared the cheese board and a charcuterie plate.  The chef demonstrates a refined palate in his cheese selections, and range of talents in the charcuterie.  For entrées, his catch is very solid and pleasing. He showed great creativity, developing depth of flavor in the lamb neck roulade. The duck breast was as perfectly executed as can be imagined. One of our party had 2 small plates, both of which were near flawless.  The green tomato salad bowl was extraordinarily creative, and a beautiful presentation, but the salad needed more dimension IMO. Maybe a crumble of artisanal bacon, or a lift of acidity.  The star of the meal was spaghetti and meatballs. I'm not going to spoil it, trust me, try it. Bravo!
Took my best friend out here for her late birthday, it was our first time and I must say its not bad at all, I enjoyed the fried oysters and the creme brulee the most! Must try!
This is by far the most consistent and innovative food that I have ever had in Pensacola.  The effort that goes into doing so much work from scratch, and beautiful presentation is astounding.  The burger has even surpassed McGuire's as my all time favorite.  Can't wait to try dinner.
What a treat!  There is nothing like this in the area.  Do not pass up the oyster app.  Perfectly fried, lightly breaded, clean fresh flavors.  I had the lamb,grilled perfectly.  My companions had the blackened trigger and the lobster.  Both where outstanding.  Save room for desert.  If you like New Orleans you will love Iron.
