Many different kinds of bagels and coffee. Location has a great view of the bay.
Good bagels and bagel sandwiches, espresso drinks aren't bad either.  The staff are all fun hippie types.
This place rocks but I am only commenting on the location on Gregory St.  The bagels are great.  The iced tea is delicious.  The coleslaw compliments the sandwiches.  The staff is super.  I love this place.
Always great service, food and coffee, what else do you need.. currently in Washington state  (where you'd think you'd find great coffee houses) and still haven't found a place to match bagelheads
I must of gone at the wrong time.  My experience was totally different.  The bagel I ordered was good. Eggs had little to be desired for.. They delivered my coffee to another table. When I approached the staff about my coffee, they admitted  they delivered it to the wrong table, went to that table handed me with what was supposed to be my coffee and "stated well he didn't drink out of it" so here you go.  I'm a little squeamish about drinking coffee from a random persons table. They didn't apologize offered to reheat the coffee from the other table.  I left my coffee on my table. I didn't drink it, but maybe someone else will as I guess it's community coffee.  I question the sanitation of this particular place if they expected me to drink coffee from some random strangers table.. Who knows what goes on behind the scenes. Don't go there are far better places in town for coffee and a bagel.
Everything you want from a bagel shop: awesome everything bagel sandwich and bagels, delicious coffee, and they're really fast and really friendly.
Great place!!! I love fresh specialty bagel stores, which are popular up north. Thanks to this place I can indulge in carb overload :) Also, the staff was extremely friendly! Asked the right questions. Such as, offering a freezer bag for my half dozen order. Now I won't have rock hard bagels tomorrow. Cinnamon hazelnut arabica coffee was amazing.
Great food and amazing coffee drinks! We stopped there twice on our vacation. A little pricey for breakfast, but on vacation, we live it up.
Good bagels, nice selection of bagels and spreads, great coffee, slightly overprice. Gets extremely crowed on weekends.
Bagelheads is a must for my family when we are in the area. We all say we wish my uncle still loved there just so we could have an excuse to get bagelheads more often! My husband and I always split a b'fast sandwich and a sweet bagel for breakfast so we can have a little of both. We've tried their smoothies, frappes, and coffee drinks, and all are great! I know it sounds like overkill, but we always get the bacon egg and cheese on a cheddar bacon bagel. Trust us, it's fantastic. Man, I wish I was there right now!
How anyone could be disappointed at Bagelheads baffles me. This non-chain is what America used to be known for: great service, upbeat employees, fresh, homemade baked goods and a laid back atmosphere. If you're a local or tourists on the way to Pensacola Beach for the day there's no better breakfast stop than Bagelheads. We came here four days in a row and received the same wonderful service and ate the same fresh bagels daily. This is the perfect spot for coffee, bagels, muffins and cinnamon rolls. And, if you're heading out on the fishing charter or to the beach for the day, keep in mind they make sandwiches here, too, and they taste much better than Subway (eww). Give this place a try once and you'll find yourself returning often.
Cute little place with cheerful service.  They have everything bagels which are my favorite and aren't always easy to find.  Also nice small outside area with pretty view of the bay.  It is crowded in the mornings and parking is tight so I wouldn't come here for my coffee on a work day.  But for a lazy Saturday morning it was really fun.
Its the ONLY option for a bagel in the area, and if this is all you know, I can understand where the great reviews come from.   Place was clean, service friendly, but that's not what we came for.   Bagels were doughy, and not that good.  Sandwiches were lacking everything.  $10 for a "Specialty Sandwich" that had two slices of meat, some sad lettuce and one slice of tomato.  Just was not impressed with anything, especially for what we paid.  I wanted to give them two starts, but my fellow fat kid said three.
I've been here a dozen times. Usually the staff is nice, but they think they know too much...it's bagel people! I always ask for toasted bagel. I never get a warm bagel. I even ask for it toasted hard and nothing. The bagel itself is very good. And the toppings and sides are pretty good and fresh. If half the staff wasn't so "hip" maybe this place would be better.
Everything bagel with herb cream cheese- nuff said. They are one of the earliest breakfast openers downtown and this place brings a mixed crowd from businessman to early morning runners and cyclists to families to retired folks who want to read the local paper they set out on the counter. They start making and baking their bagels in the VERY wee hours of the morning and they are DELICIOUS. I love their bagels but recommend not getting the egg ones because they taste a little "off" and when I asked I found out they cook the eggs in the microwave. That may or may not bother you. They have an espresso bar but I never get coffee there- it is always too bitter. If you are someone who likes flavored syrups and lots of sugar in your coffee you probably won't notice but if you like a medium or mild roast you will not find it here. They do brew quality iced teas in big urns and I opt for those. If you call ahead you can pick up through drive through!
Good service. Like that they serve Boar's Head meat. Chill atmosphere and view of the water from inside. I ordered an asiago bagel with ham, egg and cheese. The bagels are huge! The asiago was great. My only complaint is there was waaaay more egg than anything. I would've liked more meat. Overall, it was a good place to eat and would recommend it.
Unfortunately have been disappointed... I once ordered bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches for me and my friends and when I got home realized it was only egg on a bagel. When I called they offered me a store credit to come back another time, which was nice. The next time we ordered the same thing, but quite frankly they were not very good. The bacon egg and cheese part was like an omlet. Bits of bacon mixed in with the egg that was very overcooked, basically hardened. Overall the food quality is not very good when it comes to the breakfast sandwiches. Their coffee is very good however, they often have different flavors.
Great view and the best bagels in town! I've been both early and late morning, and when I went late morning (9:00ish), they had run out of many food items. But that was only one bad experience out of MANY good ones!
We have looked for a good place to eat when we head to the beach And now we've found it! After crossing the bridge it is hard to find anything that isn't fried. We found Bagelheads with the help of Yelp and it was just what we were looking for! Fresh, not greasy. Satisfying! If you are looking for cons, the service was a little slow and prices are a little high, but it is great food and the place seemed clean. :)
Over priced!!!!  They charged me with extra coffee that I did not ordered!!!  They didn't tell me how much each order was.
We love the sandwiches here, but the restaurant floor was covered with litter the last two times we visitted. That includes the floor behind the counter in the kitchen area where the sandwiches are made. Worse, I notice another Yelp review complains of this very problem over two years ago. Why would someone not insist this gross problem be fixed by now?
Mr. G and I stopped by here on our way back home for breakfast. We split an onion bagel with chive cream cheese and I had an iced chai latte (made from scratch) and he had the iced breve. The bagel was nice and soft and I loved my chai. I could really tell it was freshly made. His breve was kinda yucky though. Actually pretty yucky. While we were waiting I noticed there were plenty of empty seats available, but there was trash everywhere. Had the counters been kept clean and free of empty dishes and his coffee didn't taste like dirt, probably would be 4 stars.
Based on the 11 previous reviews that gave 4-5 stars its obvious that Bagelheads is the best place in town to get a bagel (well, its also the only place in town, but lets not get caught up in semantics). That being said, im still surprised that no one wrote anything criticizing Bagelheads for the areas that they fall short. Allow me: The Service - The service is definitely lacking here. On numerous occasions i've waited far too long for a glorified turkey sandwich with no real explanation. Granted, they were busy, but thats no excuse for making me wait 45 min. The toasting - I noticed right off the bat that when ordering a toasted bagel, it is definitely not toasted. I know that the degree to which a bagel should be toasted varies from person to person, but no one can deny that they don't even come close to the definition. First off, they only seem to toast the half of the bagel that has been cut. Second, there is no trace of crispiness, thus it is not truly toasted. Now, this wouldn't be a big deal, but when i specifically asked for mine extra toasted, they seemed confused and i ended up with yet another squishy bagel. The price - This is perhaps my biggest problem with Bagelheads. They are WAY overpriced. Eight to Nine dollars for a sandwich? It's good, but not that good. I shouldn't be spending fifteen bucks on a bagel sandwich and a drink, not in a place like this. Also, i recall getting a bagel w/cc and a muffin one day and being told my total was ~$9. I was surprised and when i asked how much the muffin was she rudely told me it was $3.50. Although i was taken aback, i was in a rush so i paid and went on my way. I later looked at the website where muffins are posted for $1.75. I realize she probably made a mistake when ringing it up, but one would think she'd catch her obvious mistake when she was questioned and make the necessary adjustment. Apparently not. All in all, it's worth checking out. Though overpriced, the food is good. I t doesn't quite deserve the endless and uncritical praise it seems to get from others on this site (probably because there is no competitors) but certainly shouldn't be dismissed.
For the Gregory St. location, btw.... I started coming here in the mornings back in 1998, shortly after they opened. More often than not I was the only customer in the place, but it didn't take long for word to spread and within months I had lots of elbows to rub. The owner was cool enough to play my band's CD over the PA as well (Blue Sky Salesman, remember us?). One morning I bought a bagelzone to go because I was running a bit late for work (a dayshift psych homecare assignment, boy was that interesting) and discovered to my dismay that I had received one with bacon inside. I'm a vegetarian so this was not good at all. The next day I took it back and they were insisting on comp'ing me for a new breakfast, which I didn't want them to do, just wanted a way to know, visually, which bagelzones were which - so you possibly have me to thank for that, haha. I did accept a free coffee that day, actually. Anyway: Bagelzones are awesome filled calzone-looking things but with very thinly rolled bagel dough surrounding lovely breakfast stuff inside. Their coffee is really quite good and always very hot - one of the first places I'd ever gone that had those heavy-duty rectangular coffee server thingies, so if you like to get a cup with your meal then a refill before you leave, you might be waiting a while for that first cup to cool off. It's been a while since I've gone to Bagelheads, since I now live in Northern California, but I will surely visit again as soon as I'm in town. No doubt it's jam-packed in there for breakfast and lunch and prices have gone up, and all that - it's been twelve years since I first stepped in the place - but every time I go, I sit and enjoy my coffee and the beautiful views of the bay and remember those awesome good times I was having back then. The owners might not remember my name any more but that's okay too - I'll always remember Bagelheads and I hope they stay open forever - great food and coffee, great location, great vibe with the hustle & bustle. Seems like I always see someone I know when I go there.
Although I have been to several bagel shops in my day, Bagelheads stands out as being the best in my mind. Although my heart is not in Pensacola as a city, I would make it a point to go to Bagelheads if I was ever in the vicinity. The beach-esque scene of Bagelheads gives way to people wanting bagels at any time for whatever reason. The bagels are very good boiled-dough-then-baked as you should expect in the bread variety. The coffee is good and has a quality that is somewhat distant from the Pensacola coffee scene. The cream cheese menu offers most flavors that anyone would crave, and the staff is always willing to offer a complete smile. Bagelheads should be in the forefront of everyone's mind that is in Pensacola for a fast food bite to eat. Bagelheads is the quality you would or should expect in a bagel shop.
Bagelheads was a place I would call ahead and pick up before high school started, almost 10 years later I still love eating there. Freshly made bagels and Boars head meat... What's not to like? For a meal I always order the Super Bacon Club with pomegranate blueberry infused tea. So good. Another bagel that has a fresh taste without being really starchy is the sun-dried tomato bagel with veggie cream cheese and cucumbers. A sweet option is the Fruit wave cobbler bagel, toasted, with butter. All ways you order it... Bagelheads is a good choice. Feed your head!
I didn't realize how hard it was to find a bagel place in Pensacola until I woke up craving one and had to find the nearest bagel shop.  Bagelheads is totally worth the drive for us!  They have a ridiculous amount of bagel types and cream cheese flavors...anything from jalapeno cheddar bacon to snickerdoodle.  People rave about the stuffed bagels but I say stick to the regular bagels, they are much more delicious!
Awesome bagels!  They're large, have just the right amount of chew, and a slightly crisp outside.  They're a little lighter than some New York City bagels I've had, but far and away, Bagelheads has the best bagels you'll find in Pensacola.   Unfortunately, I can't recommend their coffee anymore.  They used to serve Bridgetown Coffee, but they switched to Seattle's Best, and that was a step down.  Like its parent corporation, Starbucks, Seattle's Best coffee is overroasted, and makes for a strong, uncomplicated cup of coffee.  I really miss their Kilimanjaro Blend of coffee: my Saturday mornings are incomplete without it. So, the bagels are awesome, the sandwiches are great, and the coffee is pretty bad.  For coffee, stick with their House Mocha, a cinnamon and white-chocolate drink, which is pretty darn good.
Back about 10 years ago while attending college in this area, this was THE place to grab coffee and a morning carb-load, access free wi-fi, and capture views of the bay.  Wide variety of fresh bagels and cream cheese. My recent return trip wasn't all honeymoon. Tried a bagel sandwich and I honestly thought my chain bagel store back home does a better job. My husband asked for an Americano and was told "the iced latte is much better." sooooo he changed his mind and got the latte and bleh! Big mistake. Did it even have espresso in it?! Tasted like sheer half n half.  Maybe nostalgia is better left untouched.   I would conclude that Bagelheads is a place to order the simple bagel and cream cheese, cash in on some free wi-fi, and soak up the fact you are next to the bay.
Awesome 8 grain with strawberry cream cheese!  Great way to start the day and convenient location to Gulf Breeze and Pensacola Beach!
Stopped in again and had a quick breakfast sandwich. It was pretty good. I had a sausage egg & cheese sandwich. The bagels at this place are made on site and are soft and large. They have alot of coffee options as well. Very cute local place. I'll return if I'm in Pensacola.
GO HERE!!! I was only in Pensacola for 12 days and went there about 4 times..any and every bagel/cream cheese combo you get will not let you down. Peanut butter bagels..need I say more?!
Discovered this using Yelp. Soon after trying it out we became weekly regulars. The food is amazing, and creatively unique. Their house Mocha is delicious. Atmosphere is top notch. Only downfall, their service is always lacking. In all the times I've been there I have only had one good barista/waitress. Most everyone is young and impersonal, but the business itself keeps you coming back week after week. Great spot for weekend morning de-tox! This location is only open until 2pm, so make sure to get out of bed in time to check it out!
I absolutely love this place! Me & my friends come here every half day after school to eat lunch. The staff is very friendly, the atmosphere is amazing, & the food is completely delicious! It's one of my fav places in town to eat! Love, love, LOVE IT.
Bagelheads is fantastic--there is a massive selection of bagels that can be eaten with several different choices of cream cheese or as a sandwich. The types range from plain, to sweet and sugary like the blueberry cobbler, to tangy and salty like the asiago cheese bagel. All fantastic. Bagelheads also offers a ton of coffee and latte selections, which, of the ones that I have had, have been great. The only complaint I have with the beverages is that they are way too hot to drink rihgt away, but a few ice cubes alleviates that. The only reason this doesn't get a 5 star rating from me is because the seating isn't always the most accessible. It seems a little tight, but then again, it could just be that they are so busy there is no where else for people to go. Bagelheads is great--I absolutely recommend it.
Delicious! Freshly made bagels stuffed (stuffed!!) with carefully prepared ingredients. The line out the door is all you need to see. This place is legit. The view of the beach is an unexpected plus. We're definitely making another stop at Bagelheads next time we're in Pensacola to visit family.
Best bagels in the area. It doesn't hurt that this is one if the only bagel places in the area. Being from Jersey, I'm pretty picky about my bagels (bread in general), and while these aren't the same, they fulfill my cravings. I don't believe a good bagel needs to be toasted, and I am usually skeptical when people ask me if that's how I would like it.  I still never get it toasted, and was pleasantly surprised. The size of these bagels make me happy, and the selections of flavors they offer should satisfy everyone. They also offer a variety of cream cheese which is pretty good. They are overpriced but get away with it because of their popularity.  And I can't help but desire Jersey bagels, which these do not compare to.  I rate it 3 stars, but I think based on quality alone, most people from the area will enjoy them.
Bagelheads is one of my favorite weekend morning stops.  I love the atmosphere, coffee and bagels.  It's a great start the day while you pour through the local paper to decide what you want to get into for the weekend. I always get the sundried tomato bagel with regular cream cheese and then swear I will try something different but it's so good that it's hard to break this cycle. My only "complaint" is that they are very liberal with the cream cheese but I always wipe off what I don't want.
Great, great bagels. Good location. It's just a little overpriced. Their coffee is Seattle's Best. It is always hot and fresh. They keep a little jar to pay if you don't want to stand in line. Their bagel sandwiches are tremendous.
The nice south-facing room is a pretty good place to eat bagels and bagel sandwiches.  There's also a street-level patio that overlooks the bay.  You won't find heavy food here, but you can get a nice light lunch.  They also make decent espresso-based drinks.  Closes at 2pm weekdays, 3pm weekends. Odd question they always ask: "Do you want the cole slaw that comes with that?"  (It's free, so why do they ask?)
This place is fantastic. Huge portions, very inexpensive, and the coffee is amazing-- the coconut cream flavored coffee i just had this morning was incredible, probably the best I've ever had. Great little spot.
Best bagel shop I have seen. Such a variety I had a hard time choosing. Ended up getting a dozen and that lasted the whole week I was here. You will spend more time deciding than waiting for them to get your order ready!!!!
I love Bagelheads, especially on my way to or from the beach.  This is my favorite location because of the water view/beachy feel.  I used to go alot during college, and I always go whenever I'm back in Pensacola, partly for the fond memories it conjures up :) The Super Asiago bagel toasted with sundried tomato basil cream cheese is my favorite - although I'm also partial to the Fruitwave toasted with butter. Yumm... now I'm really hungry...
Cool young staff. Little wait when there. Great selection. Got egg samich on what bagel with pastrami. Fantastic!
Yeeeeeee!!!
Wife and I eat lunch here all the time. Great place for a meet-up and you never know who'll see there.
I have been getting bagels here for a few years.  Has been mostly a good quality. The last few times the bagels are more like rolls and less like a chewy bagel. The last dozen we got on Sunday went to the trash,  It was a product while fresh it was not a bagel but a round hole less roll, Way to much redi sponge guys!
Bottom line:  If you're looking for a real bagel, you won't find it here.  But then again, you won't find one in Pensacola either.  It's an okay place for a Sunday brunch, but it's overpriced.  The "bagels" (yes, those are ironic quotation marks) are dry, mealy rolls with holes in them.  They lack the fundamental chewiness and glossy exterior that, you know, make a bagel a bagel.  Still, the sandwiches would be okay if they'd learn how to use the toaster.  Every time I've been there, I've escalated my toasting request (toasted, well-toasted, really toasted).  They still give me a slightly warm, nowhere near toasted bun.  It's baffling.
The original Bagelheads on Gregory Street, not to be confused with the other locations. This has become a Pensacola locally owned favorite spot for many. I've been enjoying Bagelheads for the last 14 years (on Gregory St.) and I plan on coming back many more times. The bagels are fresh but my favorite is the Bagelzone filled with egg, cheese and hashbrowns. On the weekends the place stays full and the lines stay long but the tables usually turn pretty quickly. The coffee has consistently been good and always a variety of options. I have brought my 2 and 6 year old here for breakfast many times and they love the food, brightly lite dinning area and seeing the cars on Gregory or the boats on the water. A few tips: order your food before you sit down and please don't hold a table. Arrive early on weekends if you want to read the paper after you eat. Throw your trash away when you are finished eating. And if your order is not exactly how you ordered it, ask them politely to fix it and they do it quickly.
Even though I come to bagelheads up to 4 or 5 times a month, it's mostly because its simple and on my way in the morning plus my sis is a fan. I usually get a plain toasted bagel with sausage or a heated chocolate muffin. The muffin is always yummy. However, I find the "toasted" bagel to be slightly chewy at times, and, like another review said, not toasted at all. The sausage patty is also nothing more than a microwaveable patty that is WAY smaller than the bagel. You always end up with these awkward bagel crusts. The first time I went I was happy because my first half of bagel had sausage all the way down to the edge of the bagel but the sausage had just been sloppily laid on and there was barely any sausage on the other half. I also have an issue with their everything bagel. They clearly do not know the difference between this and a sesame seed bagel. Because although you see poppy seeds on there as well, the sesame seeds are all you taste. I enjoy everything bagels for 2 things. The crunch of the seeds and the flavor of onion. Unfortunately with bagel heads, I only got the first. Tomorrow morning my sister has requested it so I will try the onion bagel and see how that goes. I'm not much of a coffee drinker so I can't comment on that, although I do see quite a few people order the coconut coffee. The service leaves much to be desired. The drive thru window is cool, but unless you're in the know, it's kind of frustrating that it's call ahead only. Like really? When I call ahead they say 10-15 and sometimes even 20 min. To throw a muffin in the microwave or a bagel in a toaster. Really? However, the staff are fun to people watch. They're unique and chill. I have had only one super negative experience. My sister begged me for bagels so I called ahead and ordered 2 plain toasted with sausage. Not too complicated. Anyways. I go there and there's 2 cars in line for drive thru so I think why not go inside? It seems pretty empty. Big mistake. It was about 10 min after and the larger young African American girl in the bandana gave me a bunch of attitude and right when I asked and told her my order, she then began making my order. Now I could understand if it was busy, but she was literally just sitting there until I raised hell. She then rudely shoved the bagels in a bag and slammed it on the counter, successfully squishing the "toasted"' bagels. The last gripe I have is with the price. 2 plain toasted bagels and 2 (free) cups of water is around $8.60-$8.70. Seems a little steep. For the same price, I could get a bag of bagels from publix and some jimmy dean sausage and have the exact same thing like 8 times. But whatever. The sis enjoys it so I deal. There's almost like a whole bagelheads mindset in this town. So in conclusion, yummy chocolate muffin, mediocre squishy bagels with not very good high quality ingredients and some poor quality control. Kind of disappointing. Maybe I should try a sandwich next, since I've only been in for breakfast on the go. But if you're going to put something on the menu, it should be good and high quality. So in other words NOT the sausage.
The bagels here were wonderful; the best that I have found this side (that would be the southside) of the Mason-Dixon! They had the usual varieties: wheat, everything, onion. But would that make Bagelheads unique? No! So of course they have: super cheddar, cheddar with bacon, chocolate chip, and several others. They offer call ahead carry out, and if you are in a rush you can grab a cup of coffee and place your money in a jar.  I found that this place has a lot of character and offers a great meal. It certainly seems to be a place that locals frequent quite a lot; I wish they had one in New Orleans.
I had their lunch for the first time since I usually just do the bagel/ breakfast here, and I must say they have really tasty sandwiches. I had the MacDaddy ham and swiss on asiago disc bread and it was yummy! I DONT like the coleslaw that is served with the sandwich.. its like they had extra cabbage and just decided to serve it with the sandwiches(chips or fruit cup would be better), and its like an asian type coleslaw.. (hate it!) Another thing is the prices. Too high and they need to update their online prices because its more than what's posted. But, other than that, the food is very good. Friendly atmosphere inside, good wait staff, they also have a drive thru pick up window, but make sure you call ahead for that option cause its only for call aheads.
Great bagels and service!  Man I wish you guys were still on Pensacola Beach!  Rob and his crew are always busy and greet everyone with a postive attitude and great product.  My favorite is the asiago bagel breakfast sandwich...very clutch when you want something other than the usual greasy diner and "waffle house" type quickie sit down breakfast.  There's lots of room inside and they are a great stop if you are on the way out or back from Pensacola's beautiful (hopefully stay that way without BP's mess!) beaches!
If you are from the Midwest or the Northeast you'll be disappointed in the taste and freshness. If you've never had a real bagel then you may find it acceptable.
I grew up in Missouri so I'm not a savvy East Coast Bagel Connoisseur but I think their bagels are pretty good. They are chewy and fresh and thats all I'm asking for my bagel to be. I always order the Garden Burger on an 8 grain bagel with a side of slaw. Ohhhh that slaw...... it 's wonderful. It's better than my mothers slaw and that says a lot. Its tangy and crunchy and not a drop of mayo in sight (not a fan of mayo). I like the quirky staff, the order routine with the "number on a stick thing" you take to your table and the atmosphere. You will see all kinds of people in here from all walks of Pensacola life AND enjoy a beautiful view. if you arrive at peak times during the day be prepared to wait in line and jockey for a private table. If your feeling kinda frisky sit at the big table in the middle and strike up a conversation with the complete stranger, smeared in cream cheese, next to you.
Awesome bagels, and coffee. Cool hangout!
Bagelheads is definitely a unique & quirky Pensacola establishment that adds to the local culture & flavor of our city. If you're in town on business & you're looking for a great way to start your morning, check out Bagelheads. Not only do they make amazing bagl
Great bagels and coffee--everything is very fresh.
Love love love this place! Great for breakfast or lunch. Staff is always helpful and food is ALWAYS delicious! If you are looking for a good bagel sandwich, this is your spot!
I moved away from Pcola last summer and my husband and I still dream about this place.  Their bagels are phenomenal!! The house made cream cheeses are delicious as are the bagels. Love the bagel sandwiches. We used to eat here every morning after our runs and it literally never got old.
This place was SO good. SO good. thanks to yelp, I saw that this place had good reviews and I'm so happy we went. I got a bacon, egg and cheese on a (huge) sesame bagel, the bf got some sort of extra meat sandwich on a bagel. Both were huge and delicious. Told him it was probably the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had and he was in complete shock hearing that statement come out of a "nothing beats a New York bagels" mouth. Their stuffed bagels apparently go quickly and they only make a limited amt of them per day so we missed the boat on that one but boy do they sound amazing. I also got a coconut cream flavored coffee based on another reviewer saying it was delicious. Definitely was the best coffee ive ever had. Granted they gave me a cup with the extra flavoring in it and then I was able to make my own coffee at the bar but it was still perfect. In the menu they have a story about how they use top notch ingredients and you can definitely tell. I will  for sure be back again before my time in Pensacola comes to an end and thats only 2 days from now... YUM.
We stopped here for breakfast because we couldn't find a diner. OMG why are there no diners in Pensacola? I ordered scrambled egg, sausage and cheese on a cinnamon raisin bagel. The hippie freak, in a tie-dye shirt and skull cap behind the counter said "we only do our eggs one way" So, not being a fan of a fried egg I changed my order to a buttered bagel and was very disappointed. My girlfriend ordered her egg on a bagel. Service here is a little odd. You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. I don't think it would require a whole lot more effort to take your order at the table as well. I mean after all its eggs and bagels. So we get our order and low and behold my girlfriends egg is a beautiful fluffy yellow scrambled egg. Now she is the disappointed one. Was it too much for the hippie counter guy to say "all our eggs are scrambled"? My bagel was good, nice and chewy. The coffee was fresh also. The dining area was pleasant with a nice view of the water.
