This is an awesome place to go to for breakfast   Staff are all so friendly and southern hospitality is definitely there ! The owners Homer and Linda are so nice and friendly as well Definitely their gluten friendly pancakes are awesome!  I also had the Brie cheese appetizer and their beignets are the best !!! I am totally coming back !!!!! Oh by the way make sure you get the souvenir coffee Mugs :)
If you want breakfast at a mortuary, this is the place to go. Nice, clean, modern, great food, but the service was non existent.  The server's was not warm or inviting. In short she present in body only, and no personality to speak of. My meal was perfectly cooked, and the bacon was awesome. Maybe a different server next time is in order.  Check please.
The food here is average, but I don't recommend adding avocado to anything, I didn't listen to the review I had read about bad avocados at this place but it was right! They serve hard unripe avocado, and the blackberries we added to the waffle were mushy and gross. So both extra charges we paid for were awful! The service is timid and slow. And the music is anything but pleasant lol I felt like I was in the worst elevator ever, or a massage room... Not my cup of tea for breakfast! If you have another option for breakfast in Pensacola go ahead and hit that up.
This place is a must go. It's amazing. The service was great. The food was excellent. I got this lake house skillet and it was so filling and good. It's definitely a spot to go for breakfast. I also tried the Belgian waffles and French toast which was great. The owner also comes out to greet his customers. He is very kind. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.
Went here because of the Yelp reviews, and I was not disappointed! Cute decor, fast and great service, and they the food was amazing.
After burning through most of the breakfast spots in Pensacola on my last work trip we decided to hit this place which was fairly close by the hotel. They have a diverse tasty menu which should certainly offer you something that you will enjoy, the food is well cooked and satisfying. Something else worth pointing out is the service is top notch and friendly.
This was my first time eating here, I ordered the Rueben Supreme sandwich and it was the best I've ever had. The service was excellent, I highly recommend eating here.
One of my favorite places for breakfast.  Love the popeyes favorite.  Can be a serious wait on a weekend!  Great hashbrowns and reasonable prices!
Very good place. I'm so glad we found it. The place was overflowing when we came here today (Saturday). I've been to a lot of good brunch/breakfast places coming from San Diego and we are used to waiting for a table. However I've never encountered such good service. While we were outside waiting the owner comes to everybody outside with a platter full of mini muffins. Which by the way were delicious. The food was awesome. I had French toast eggs and turkey sausage. My boyfriend had the Floridian. We both loved the food and more than anything the great service. Will definitely be going back!
Fantastic food and fantastic service!! I personally had the the cinnamon roll french toast and an omlet. Both were absolutley delicious. They also had great coffee, for hazelnut lovers I would reccomend the Creol Au Liat! The service at this resturant was superb! The owner went to every table and was friendly and well mannered. I would reccomend this beakfast spot to all yelpers!
Wife had the "Bacquezo" she love it, I had the Lobster Omelet cocked to perfection. Must try in Pensacola
It's average. Noting amazing, CJ's is better. Cool coffee mugs, I suppose. They took an hour to seat our table, no reservations or call ahead seating makes for a poor guest experience when we had to wait outside in the heat for an hour with an infant.
Sunday morning we arrived just before the rush so we were seated right away.  The staff was friendly but our waiter was not very attentive.  At the end of our meal a man (either a greater, local, or the owner without a name tag) came to chat us up but we had no idea who he was or why he paused to talk to use.   The breakfast was good.  the mega cinnamon roll tasted old or frozen but it was loaded with icing. The breakfast adult beverages were ok but my bloody mary came with a whole raw carrot, odd.
Fantastic omelette!!! I had the veggie omelette that has spinach, mushrooms, tomato and goat cheese and it was amazing. Coffee is OK and they serve it in a very cute mug. The restaurant itself is very nice, friendly Staff and pretty crowded.
So we tried this place in Vinings Georgia and had to try it when we came to the beach in Pensacola. It was yet again exceptional! The food was amazing there is nothing negative to be said. They were kind and courteous, we were promptly seated and our orders taken and within a few minutes our food was out. Now I will say we got here at 8am under the advice of a friend and I am so glad we did. By the time we left the line to get into the place was outside of the building with cars still coming into the parking lot. Well done pensacola. This place is outstanding.
What a treat! I ordered the skinny omelette. So good and healthy. Service is great, people were nice. Real fresh fruit! Great overall experience. When biting into the omelette I found fresh veggie. The asparagus had a snap when you bit into it and I think I tasted fresh green chile. Being from NM, that was an amazing discovery. Highly recommend this place.
Been to ABE in Destin and in Birmingham, and was pleasantly surprised to see them in Pensacola as well. We were not disappointed. Here as we have experienced in the other locations we got very consistent service, excellent food and a great atmosphere. Excellent service and wonderful traditional and unique breakfast dishes!
Recently visited this place for brunch with the family and we was impressed. Breakfast is my favourite meal of the day and eggs benedict is a mood pleaser so for sure i was pleased to see a whole eggs benedict section on the menu. I had the crab cakes egg benedict...they were delicious it came with potatoes and they were well seasoned and two giant crab cakes with really well cooked poachies on top! My husband ordered the french toast with additional pecans and was happy..our mom ordered the steal cut oats they come with berries and they were tasty and filling. we ordered the fruit platter to share also and this in my opinion was fresh good tasting seasonal fruit at a great value of 6 dollars something! Service was great, atmosphere was great and whenever there is a broken egg on my travels i will sure be back, especially to buy a new coffee cup to add to my new started collection   :)
We went here for my birthday breakfast on a Tuesday morning. The waitress was awesome; I wish I could remember her name now to give her some credit. The portions were satisfying, and typical breakfast food (nicer than a diner).  I was pretty disappointed in the prices for the items as compared to quality. That's the reason for three stars. We have had better food at comparable places like First Watch or Egg &I for much less money. Also, there was a very ugly (personality/behavior) customer there that morning that tried to get out of paying her bill. It made me feel uncomfortable since I could hear everything the customer was saying, but I think she was just trying to be loud to get what she wanted. I only mention this because the staff handled it very well (and quietly). That was not an easy situation.
The food is great, the staff is overly helpful and nice and the restaurant is spotless but the wait is a little ridiculous and the prices are high.  The trick is to get there early before the population of pensacola gets up and heads there for breakfast.
The food was A1, even with a full building the food came quick!!! 15 out of 10!! *********
I recently took my girlfriend here for brunch. When we walked in, we were greeted promptly, and the atmosphere was nice and quaint. It was like walking through a spacious house. Our waitress was kind and efficient. As for the food, this is what we got: -My girlfriend got a sweet tea, which was average, and I got water. -She ordered the Smoked Salmon Benny, which was rich, creamy, and delicious. It was one of the best bites I had eaten in a long time. She, however, said she would not order it again. It had more capers than necessary. -I had the Cajun Potato Skillet. Awesome. No complaints, other than I wish it had more than four tiny crawfish tails in it. There was an upcharge for me when I substitutes the English muffin for a bagel, but that's fine. The whole meal was pleasant and affordable, and I plan on going back.
I love a great breakfast and this place really makes it the right way. Went there the other day I ate the best omelet in my life. Kind of pricy but I would rather pay for quality. Definitely I will come back!
Great breakfast...but very slow, very inattentive service. Love this place, but doesn't ordering an $11 omelet provide me real cream with my coffee?
Very good breakfast.  Fast, friendly & CLEAN!   Some might think it's a lil pricy, but only by a buck or so.  The CLEAN is worth that to me. No worries here.
15 min wait was not that bad.  I had the "Floridian Omelet" It was OK, the potatoes i am going to put it bluntly they sucked they were just salty deep fried dry potatoes. This place really needs to start getting more staff so they can turn tables faster.  And cook the food even faster. Over all it was clean but SOOO expensive for breakfast it cost us $27 for a waffle and an omelet.  NOT worth the money! For this Waffle House is a better choice.
I generally do not eat in chain restaurants, but there are exceptions. Another Broken Egg is one of those exceptions. Wait time estimated at 30 minutes, but got in in about 20 minutes. There was plenty of coffee at the entrance for those waiting to be seated. After a few minutes, samples appeared for those waiting. The menu was diverse and appealing. Omelets were well prepared and tasty. Son had the Floridian and loved it. My "crabstacks" order was delicious and there was more there than I needed to eat. By the way, we did sample each others' dishes. The wait staff was very pleasant and helpful. We each had tasty screwdrivers (fresh orange juice) with breakfast. After all, it was after 9:00am and we were on vacation! Overall, the restaurant was inviting and the food was quite good. Yes, when I am back in Pensacola, or another city with "Another Broken Egg", I'll have breakfast there.
Nice place for breakfast, brunch, lunch. A bit upscale in the building itself (classy casual decor), the service (very attentive & professional) and menu options. Cost a bit more than standard breakfast fare cafes but well worth it.
Great impression when I walked in, good atmosphere and friendly staff. The breakfast food was very good. I got a scramble and it was perfectly cooked. The coffee is average, but they refill it often. They also serve breakfast drinks like mimosas. The menu has variety but not enough to be overwhelming. I will definitely go back.
We love this place. Way better than ihop and dennys! The omelettes are amazing, the customer service is always pretty good.  If you ever have the chance to try their red velvet pancakes, they are the best pancakes I've ever had.
Great breakfast, selection fun to ponder over, loved the Blackstone Benedict, fresh ingredients all around, service got a little lackadaisical towards the end of the meal when more patrons starting coming in & couldn't get our servers attention a couple different times, but no real biggie, will def return or check out other Gulf locations in future.  Close to Marriott next door!  Will try lunch next time too.
Having been to a lot of great breakfast places, I am usually very hard to get a 5 star rating out off on breakfast, but this place was great. The service was great, quick and efficient with little waiting even with it being fairly busy. The food - depends on what you order! I could see how this place would get a lot of 4 star and even lower reviews as some of the things on the menu don't look like they would be that great. I think the key to this place is sticking to the signature dishes. The Lucy Omelette that my wife ordered was pretty delicious and the Steak and Crab Benedict I had was amazing. I was hesitant to order it at first but am so glad that I did. Definitely some great items on the menu but just need to be given a try. Be brave and try something new at this place, I think it will surprise you.
Stopped by this place to get a quick breakfast. Very nice polished place. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros. Oh Boy!! It was excellent served with chorizo sausage, eggs and  a salsa. Good serving size too. I couldn't eat it all. My only regret is that I was in a hurry and couldn't take my leftovers to go!
I really wanted to like this place...but the omelettes I make at home are much better.  Very overpriced, but creative menu ideas that I plan on recreating at home myself.
Sooo delicious! My recommendation is the Floridian or the cinnamon roll French toast. Can't go wrong with either one :)
I'm confused by the other reviews as this is easily the BEST breakfast food in Pensacola.  The only negative thing about Another Broken Egg is trying to decide which delicious item to order.  The cinnamon roll french toast is absolutely divine if you are in a sweet mood and if you are looking for savory the Bacqueso (omelet with cream cheese, green onions, and chorizo) is amazing.  We went on a Saturday morning so there was ~15 minute wait but it was totally worth it!
Could have been better.   I tried the cinnamon roll French toast breakfast with a side order of eggs and "andouille sausage". (Read a slightly spicy, Cajun style sausage, according to my waitress.) They have good ideas here but the results for the price leave me wanting better.   The results: Eggs ordered over medium: received brown hard edge eggs. Sausage: bland, tasted like regular jimmy dean.   Cinnamon roll French toast: rolls dry, possibly store bought and/or day old.  Served with a bananas foster sauce, yet no bananas?!  WT*?! Coffee: one word: EXCELLENT! Staff prompt and curtious. Total cost of breakfast with coffee: $17.07 for one person.
Great B-Fast!  Really unusual omelets. Very friendly service. Can be crowded Sunday AM.  We waited 25 minutes to be seated but twice we were given free mini muffins and coffee as we waited.
Great place and food.  The gravy is actually GRAVY and not canned crap.  the eggs were great and cooked perfect.  EAT HERE!
Had breakfast here this morning and it was great overall.  However, was told by server that they had no coffee as the machine was broken.       Had a Southern Scrambler which came with potatoes and English Muffin.  It was awesome.  The service was pretty good too.       We noticed others around us getting coffee and our server finally came over and offered us some too as their machine was back up.  We were done eating already.  I just think they should have a backup plan should their only machine goes down.  Cowboy or chuckwagon coffee or something.       It was still a pretty good experience today.
Yummy breakfast and great service. This place really fills up so come early! I had the brie and lobster omelette, very rich but really tasty! I was stuffed! There are so many options on the menu it was nearly impossible to choose, eggs benedict, french toast or pancakes, scrambles and skillets. They also serve lunch all day as well, so it's never too early for a burger either! I'll definitely be back!
Great beast place. 5sec Walk from courtyard Marriott dtown. Sat at bfast bar. Bc ppl were waiting and i was by myself  great jt.  John was cool. Coffee great. Food was a ill costly but worth it!  Pancakes are huge. Just need one. Everything else was great as well.
Food was served warm, not hot, asked for extra butter never got it.  Waiter came by only once during meal. Won't go back
This was my first time eating here and the overall experience was okay. It was nothing amazing. We ordered some biscuit beignets as an appetizer, but they didn't come out until after our food came. They were tasty and covered in powdered sugar. I ordered the waffle with eggs and bacon. The bacon wasn't too greasy and was perfectly crunchy. The waffles were good and light. Our waitress was friendly.  Friends had the cinnamon French toast and the eggs Benedict and said they were great. The French toast wasn't too sweet. The restaurant is new and maybe hasn't found its groove yet. I would give the place another try in a few months.
I love this place! Amazing food and really friendly service, they even have gluten free items. Happy diner :-)
Good food that is not pricey. They are relatively quick when it comes to service. I ordered the biscuit beignets and the Cajun Skillet. Decent amount of food with the skillet. You will not be overly full. I ordered the beignets to try something new. They were a pleasant surprise. They will be good later on tonight. (I couldn't finish them all.) they are filing, however. But I could gave done without them. They have great parking and I was seated quickly.
The waitress recommended the worst meal, felt sick for the rest of the day. I had better experience in other Broken Egg restaurants. They need to hire more staff and improve the quality of the meals. Go to McGuire instead
OMG this place is AWESOME!!!!! It truly is.  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  What I ordered was so damn delicious.  I am a seafood lover and to see 5 items on the menu devoted to seafood, I was excited.  The bad thing about it is that I am very indecisive, and if I had it my way I would have ordered on of each.  Instead, I asked our server for her recommendation, and I got the Crabcake Cavallo. Let me tell you, it was the best thing ever.  I also had their House Mary to drink.  It is bloody mary made with vodka that they infused with peppers them selves.  I drank every last drop. :-) If you want breakfast definitely go here!  I posted pics of what I had here today. Check it out.
ok breakfast, nothing special. black beans too salty. Bellini was good. felt like a dennys and smelled weird
My favorite new place.. Had the Floridian Omelet.. very good...the Bananas Foster was AMAZING!!! yes the food is pricey, but worth it if you want to treat yourself to something a little more upscale than Waffle House or IHOP.
Best breakfast in Pensacola FL. Worth the 15 min wait.
Wow, what's with all the fuss over this place?! The first 2 times I attempted to eat here, there was over a 1 hour wait to be seated. I finally get to eat here today and I paid $10.50 for an okay Bananas Foster waffle. Not a waffle combo, just a waffle! I was still hungry when I left, the food was average, and our waiter was absent
The food was good, the service was alright. You'll have to wait. The menu is diverse and will get your saliva pumping. Not sure if I would go back, or not. Kind of spendy for breakfast. Our bill was over $60 for 4 people, and no adult bevs? Had to request more coffee a couple of times.
Best place to get breakfast!  Nice and friendly service!
Food was pretty good, but a bit heavy. Omelets are a lot larger than i expected. I got something with a person's name in it. Thing was covered in cheese. Entire plate of cheese. Wasn't what I was expecting based on the description. Tasted okay, but heavy. Service was great though. Very friendly and fast considering the place was packed. And for those waiting, they got champagne. Nice touch, imo. Definately recommend it. Beignets are pretty delicious and bit sized.
Amazing quality of coffee for a restaurant. Food came out too cold. Prices way too high.
First time eating there.  Found the food to be good and the atmosphere was pleasurable.  Most likely return and recommend to others.  I did find the souvenirs to be over priced.
Finally Pensacola has a good place for a full breakfast. The food was excellent, the staff was very friendly and the restaurant was clean and comfortable. I had one of the many signature omelets available called "Stans #1", my wife had Eggs Benedict and my 4yr old son had pancakes. The restaurant was very busy but all our meals were cooked to perfection.
Finally we decided to eat here  The parking was always full and we don't like waiting for a table. So early this morning (SUNDAY) we decided to head over before the church crowds. The place is nice, clean, open and very inviting. Our waitress was prompt, pleasant and very nice. The food was out quickly, hot and delicious!  I would surely go back again. The menu was eclectic but not over bearing with too many choices. 2 thumbs up
The service waa phenomenal nd the food was great!  We were told he had to wait 25-30 mins before we could be seated, and the manager brought out free muffins while we waited and apologized for the wait. I will definitely be back.
Ate breakfast recently.  Food was good, service was great, and decor was very nice.  My wife has also had lunch there and was very satisfied. Recommend highly
Had the banana foster pancakes, it was sweet. If you have a sweet tooth this dish is for you. Grits was wonderful, and old southern goodness. Overall experience was great. Bloody Mary was on the spicy side. Nicely presented.
Went there for breakfast on a Sunday morning around 9am. Waited about 15min. They offered complimentary coffee while waiting, which was nice. We got bananas foster pancakes and my friend got the Salmon Benny... both were good, but nothing to write home about. This place has good ideas, but over-promises and is a little costly for what you get.
Tried the lobster et fromage omellete at this small, but very crowded restaurant during lunch hours. Fast service and it didn't take very long to get a seat since I opted to sit in the bar. The omellete itself was excellent! I really can't complain much about egg, lobster, and cheese all in 1 dish.
Service is decent, the place is packed (get there early, you will get a table right away). The beignets were pretty good, the house Bloody Mary was superb! The portions are large- none of us could finish ours, took my 1/2 omelet etc..home to the teenager who wanted to sleep in :). The menu is overwhelmingly extensive. We tried the Hey Ricky, Cinnamon Bun French Toast, Biscuits and Gravy, the Floridian and the Bacaso (bacon cheese omelet). All were good but not great. Noted as I walked out a huge line, but there was a nice lady handing out fresh mini muffins and they had coffee available-that is customer service. We will go back, I feel we will find that great breakfast entree there!
Wonderful breakfast.. pleasant service and clean atmosphere. If you don't have a large appetite, share a plate. Don't miss this place for a great breakfast!
This place has a nice atmosphere and location, but I wasn't impressed with the food. My mom and I split the Southern scrambler, which was ok but not very flavorful. The potatoes we got on the side were kind of cold and tasted like frozen potatoes from a bag. My boyfriend ordered the jumbo pancake which was huge and hot. The syrup they have is citrus infused, which our waitress didn't mention, and when he asked for regular she said that's all they had. The coffee was good and the service was decent. It's a little pricey seeing as the food isn't all it's cracked up to be, but I'll give it another try.
This place is ok, but I find it to be a little pricey for breakfast especially since breakfast isn't that complicated to make.  I really liked the southern beignets.  Overall, it was okay, but I can't justify spending that much on breakfast when I can go to the Waffle House and spend much less.
Thursday for lunch seems a good time to avoid a line.    Service was prompt and food came out quickly.  I had the bacon cheddar burger.   It was good, but not spectacular.    My wife seemed to love the cinnamon roll French toast.   A little pricy,  it overall worth the hype.
"Service great, clean, however overpriced. I ordered the eggs Benedict and and it was about 12 or $13?? Value did not equal to price. Huevos rancheros tasted a little funny??"
Just had lunch here. I had the Crabcake cavallo.  Delicious!  Waitress was very nice.
My wife and I were expecting more after seeing the lines outside for weeks after opening. We liked the decor and comfortable seating and the extensive menu. The wait staff was friendly. We didn't like the lengthy wait for our cooling food or the bland taste. The bill for two of us was over $35. We will not be returning. Better food and better value at the Coffee Cup or Village Inn.
I wanted to update my review of this place for people headed to Pensacola on vacation with the vacation season at hand. My first review came shortly after the restaurant had opened, so now that it has been open awhile, I was hoping that the service times had gotten better. The food is still excellent, as it is at all of the Broken Egg restaurants, but it seems that this particular one has a problem in the kitchen. The wait time on a Saturday morning was long but acceptable ( 25 minutes ), but once seated the problem began. There were many empty tables scattered throughout the restaurant, but apparently they do not have enough waiters or cooks to accommodate the large number of diners. From the time we were seated until we finally received out food was 50 minutes. this added to the 25 minute wait time, plus the time to actually eat the meal, turns out to be over two hours. I still think the food is the best breakfast in Pensacola, but it is not worth the time required. The other Broken Eggs that we have eaten at, get you in and out quickly. They all seem to have a fair wait time, which is OK for food that is good, but this particular one needs to get its' act together on speeding up both the service and the cooking times. I don't plan to go back on a weekend, maybe during the week when there are less people eating out.
Our new favorite brunch spot; the mimosas and chocolate chip muffins are excellent!
