We ordered Baja Tacos and fish and chips with cheese grits. We sat in the corner right on the edge of the water. I would pass on the cheesy grits. I had 2 Bloody Mary's which were great. Price for everything on a Sunday at 3pm= 32$, great price and nice venue, in my younger days I'm sure the night life would be phenomenal! Overall experience... I have been there 2 times and will go again, it's a little better then alright. I'm always a sucker for dining on the water. Especially a place where I feel comfortable showing up in shorts and flip flops as I'm from California.
Delish, and great service! Portions were great for sharing and food arrived quickly! Pickle chips, fire shrimp, and crab cake platter All rock star, but the lemon butter could have stayed in the kitchen....
Nice atmosphere on the harbor, friendly service, and generally good food.  The tuna and Mahi Mahi sandwiches were good though both were a bit under-seasoned on delivery to the table so it was key to add salt.  Fries and hush puppies were top notch, and cocktails were quite good plus fairly reasonable on the price overall.  A couple things that were disappointing were a number of people smoking outside which for some can ruin the dining experience and the fact that the generically labeled "fish" which was served on many dishes throughout the menu wasn't even local.  No grouper or snapper on the menu anywhere, just a couple mahi mahi dishes and some generic fish in many of the dishes that was described by our waitress as being similar to tilapia (which I know is a fish that you find everywhere and everyone recognizes these days but most tilapia is muddy, unremarkable, and the last thing I want to eat at a decent seafood restaurant). Overall, the food was pretty good and it was a fun place that would potentially be worth a return visit.  It would just be nice to find more local fish options on the menu of a place that's right on the harbor in Pensacola - I know it may erode what is probably a hefty profit margin from using cheap fish but it just seems to be the right thing to do on many levels.
Prompt, friendly service & waterside dining.  Shrimp tacos were delish, served with nice slaw & black-eyed peas.  The grilled fish atop the salad was hot, generous, a perfectly cooked.  All this, plus sunset & pelicans -- delightful!
Seated fast! Our fishing guide brought us here from a morning in the Gulf. Eight of us demanding of the wait staff and they performed! Food exceeded expectations! Chemical plant a short distance inland, so those odors, ug. Not enough TVs, ug. One urinal and one crapper in rest room, so tiny, ug. Wanted to sit at the outside bar to watch tv college ball but bar tender said no, not until 4?????
We came for lunch and had an incredible experience. We got calamari as an appetizer, the fish tacos and the Jezibel salad. All were very good. The mahi-mahi was a tad bit chewy but the other components were amazing. The calamari was also a bit chewy but the breading was done perfectly. The Jezibel salad was the star of the day with an amazing combo of flavors. This is definitely one of the better places that we have been to in the pcola area. We'll be back!
If it were possible to rate zero stars I definitely would! Yelp as well as their website list them as open until 11:30pm,yet before 10pm we were turned away saying they were "closed". We come from Texas to eat here on our way to and from Orlando. They definitely lost customers! Not a good way to run a business!
I am a huge fan of anywhere that allows dogs, and the Oar House allows dogs on the deck outside.  When we sat down with our two labs they immediately brought two bowls of water for them.  This is a huge plus in my book.  I've been here a few times before, but this was the first time with the dogs.   I always start with the fried pickle chips.  They are always crispy and never soggy and greasy.  They come with a side of ranch, and if you run out of ranch, they will bring more.  I highly recommend these. I used to always get the blackened grouper sandwich, which was awesome, but on the last trip it had turned into the blackened fish sandwich.  The fish went from a beautiful big grouper fillet to a little fish fillet that was definitely not as robust as the grouper.  I think I would try something else next time as this sandwich definitely went downhill.   I really like this place.  The view, the setting, the whole vibe of the place is awesome.  The fact they allow dogs is great as well.  The sandwich is all that stands between the Oar House and its fifth star.
I try to make a point to grab lunch here on each trip down to Pensacola because they have a great outdoor setup in a marina and a great fish sandwich.  The menu has much to offer whether you prefer grilled, blackened, or fried and they also have some Cajun style dishes as well.   If your looking for some great seafood on a pretty day in Pensacola stop on by :).
Yum yum yum. Everything I tried was delicious. This is a bar and grill type restaurant and they do that really well. The deep frier skills of the cooks here are great. I had hush puppies, fries, and fried pickles. All three were very good. The hush puppies even have whole pieces of corn in them. I love that. I had a blackened fish sandwich and was very impressed. The fish was cooked really well, a good crust on the outside and really moist on the inside. The blackened seasoning was also really good. Everyone else also seemed to really like their choices.
Went to this place once for lunch and it was decent food, ok service. The wife and I decided to try it and we sat there waiting for someone to take our drink order for about 15 minutes. She finally got up and asked if someone could help us and they said they would, then we waited ANOTHER 10 minutes. Finally after almost 30 minutes in the place with no drink order or a waitress even acknowledging our existence, we left. Life is to short for non-existent service and mediocre seafood, especially when you live somewhere where you can get good seafood at every other place!
Great seafood on the Bayou. Typical southern fried fish but great atmosphere and food is always good. I love the fried pickles.
I had a surprise business trip to Pensacola and immediately though that if I was on the gulf I needed to take advantage of all the fresh seafood in the area.  I ordered the crab cake special and was not disappointed.  The menu is pretty expansive so there is something for everyone, and the entire restaurant is essentially a giant deck sitting on the water.
The shrimp poboy left a lot to be desired. It's very hard to find poboys done right in Pensacola. My sister had the Mahi sandwich and said it was good. The fries were the best part of my meal. The staff was nice and accommodating. I will return but not for the poboy.
For a seafood joint they sure didn't have a very inspired menu. The ambiance is nice especially sitting on the deck out back over looking the water. The food and the service are okay. I just can't get over the lack of good seafood options on their menu. Most of which are not fish caught off the shores of Pensacola. I did like that they offered draft beers from a local brewery.
I was debating for several months on if I wanted to write this review or not, but hey, let's do it for the good of Yelp! If you are ever in Pensacola on a Friday night and are looking for some fun and drinks, the Oar House should be one of the first places to scope out.  Why?  Well, in case you haven't noticed, there's a huge Navy presence in P-cola, and every other Friday, a new group of Naval Aviators graduate from flight school, followed by drinking and partying at a local bar.  More often than not, I hear, the Oar House is the place to be (also, check out the Fish House for "winging parties"). Sailors are known for their proficiency at drinking.  Pilots are also quite famous for drinking.  and Naval Aviators??  Well, check out this place on a Friday night and find out! No cover charge, plus I ended up with several free drinks, thanks to the good men and women serving in our Armed Forces!  I honestly felt like I should be buying *them* drinks!! The Oar House has a very chill atmosphere; everything is quite open ... they do have an outdoor bar!  Beach volleyball, too!
It's a late Sunday morning and my mind is on lunch. I'm four months new to the area and am all for exploring new places. The day's particular desires?  Seafood, near the ocean, outdoor seating, a spot in the sun. Yay Florida:) The Oar House delivered on every single point. I looked at my bf when we arrived and sat down and nearly at the same time we said, 'this is perfect'. It's exactly what I'd wanted. Food and service breakdown: We got there right before the lunch crowd which was great for seating options, but the wait for what we ordered: calamari (yum) and baha fish tacos (some of the best I've had), was a bit longer that I would have anticipated. Not a major complaint...just an observation. Besides, sunbathing while waiting for food isn't the worst case scenario anyway. Service was decent. Waitress was nice enough. When we realized at the end of our meal that a side dish had been left out, but didn't care to wait around for it, the waitress comped one of our drinks without us even asking. Thought that was a really nice touch on her behalf. All in all, this place was great and is probably equally so at different times of the day or night. Looking forward to our next visit.
This property is reminiscent to Monty"s in the Grove. Ocean view, outdoor dining and a great view. A very relaxing place to eat and drink. They have a great sounding menu, from crab cakes to fish tacos. Now the problem is the only fish they use is SWAY, in the Thai sway means "Beautiful" in North Florida sway is Vietnamese cat fish. A really cheap garbage fish. I'll have the burger please, and my buddy got the Cuban sandwich. The burger was good, wasn't great, it reminded me of a bubba burger, prefrozen not fresh. And the Cuban Sandwich was actually good. Shame get real fish and you have a real restaurant. Atmosphere there is great, food was ok!
Ehhh. Went for lunch, so I can only review the food and view. I'd imagine the nightlife is pretty fun with a nice breeze coming off the water, bands, and a few volleyball nets in the sand. I forgot exactly what I got, I think it was called the forklift or something.  Now, when I see something called The Forklift, I would expect it to be a monster of a sandwich. But no. It was actually quite small, even for a normal named sandwich.  It wasn't bad, just not something I would want again or ever crave.  The only thing that was really good was their fried pickles, which...how can you really go wrong there? It was a huge portion though and I could have eaten just those!  The prices seemed pretty average. The view was good. While it is on the water, its in the middle of a marina, so it isn't open water. Either way, its a good veiw of nice boats. I would imagine if you went here with a big group of people and were out for drinking and festivities of the like, this would be fun and the food would be appropriate. As far as going for a good meal? I might skip it.
..When other people take care of everything for you, everything is good. I didn't have to pay for the gas to get there cause we took my boss's car(Mercedes ;-) I didn't have to use up my a/c cause she had hers on full blast. I didn't have to sit myself cause Tracy the waitress showed me where to sit.  I didn't have to pay for my sweet tea that really wasn't sweet. I didn't have to pay for the good hushpuppies that came with the chicken sandwich which I got for free, cause my boss paid for it. My free hushpuppies and free chicken sandwich also came with free French fries. The napkins were abundant and free. My free sweet tea that was semi sweet came with another round of free refills. It was free. My boss paid. Are you still reading this review or did you stop at the word free?
Good for dining casually on the water. Self-consciously quirky and amusing, but whatever, it's also a very nice casual marina location with an excellent view of the comings and goings on Bayou Chico. We have eaten here several times because it's close. Their fried foods are reliable and generally yummy, their service runs the gamut from excellent and perky to weirdly spotty, the Baja tacos really are as small as that other reviewer said, although they are served with a nice black-eyed peas side. The drinks - hm, yesterday was Margarita Saturday and ours (rocks, with salt) were very tasty! However, at least once in the past we received drinks with no alcohol in them and had to send them back -- which tells you that sometimes the bartender gets a little busy? They are a deck restaurant with a solid roof, wooden chairs and tables, not air-conditioned but there is usually a nice breeze from the open walls, and there are swamp coolers and fans for those "a little hotter" days. In winter they have plexi windows they lower and heaters mounted under the roof -- you can even see what happens when someone turns on the heaters without turning on the fans, as one of the fans has blades melted along one side :-) I actually tried to eat light yesterday and ordered a seared ahi salad (Big Oar with seared ahi). The greens were varied, the ahi was quite nice, but the raspberry vinaigrette was creepy -- I think it had been dosed exuberantly with cornstarch: it was bright red, translucent and very thick. Afer tasting that sweet gloopy stuff I sincerely regretted having put it on my salad! If you're going for drinks, for something fried, or for a burger or sandwich, this place is good fare in a great location at a reasonable price. They have food and drink specials for each day of the week,  live music on weekend evenings and they don't mind large groups, boaters, or kids.
Went here last night with a group of friends.  Very impressed. Table split the hushpuppies appetizer.  Very good, probably some of the best I've had in Pensacola (Flounder's might be a bit better).  Friday they had $2 domestic bottles, which was a decent deal for Pensacola. I had the burger, which was very good.  No charge for the bacon, cheese, fried onions, and jalepenos, which was a nice change of pace.  Fries were good as well.  Friends had the chili nachos and the shrimp basket.  Both were well sized and good. Service was very good, no complaints there.  It was Friday and I was told they normally have live music on the weekends.  We would have stayed if they did, but without the band things were winding down.  I'll be back.
Great place to go listen to a live band and have some great food. Prices were decent, atmosphere was fun but the customer service needs to speed up. I don't know if they were short on staff or what but definitely needs to get the food out faster. Otherwise everything else was fantastic and I'd highly recommend. Good times located here.
Great deck bar. Sandlot volleyball court. The best of what used to set gulf coast honkey tonks apart.  The last three hurricanes pretty much wiped out all the other old-school deck bars (Rusty's Fish Camp, Ryan's Catch Marina etc). The Oar House does its best to carry on the panhandle tradition.  Decent food and cold beer watching the boats go by.
Good food, good views, nice staff. We'll bring the mutt, er, puppy for drinks next time.
This place is great! On the water has outside bar with seating in front with sand area filled with tons of games. Corn hole, ping pong, volleyball, live music.  Food is good -tuna dip is good and always luv fried pickles. Husband loves the blackened chicken sandwich, i like grilled shrimp. Bucket of drinks o ya!! Always had good service been here about 4-5x since December 2012.
I've been to the Oar House several times ove the past few years while visiting Pensacola.  I've always hada good time there but my last experience left me wondering.  I had remembered that they had good crab cakes and without thinking ordered them for dinner. I like everything about the Oar House.  It's big, open, beach deck thing they have going on is very casual and comfortable.  Affordable food and good service everyone at my table had good food.  My crab cakes came and they were small, thin, and underwhelming.  Especially at 20 bucks!  They came with a mixed vegetable that was straight out of a can, and this lump of tasteless rice.  I couldn't finish it.  Stick to the regular stuff, fish sandwich, burgers, quesadillas.  I dont recommend the entree's.
I come for the beautiful, 3 star, view of the water and cold beer. There is not a single thing I can, or want to, eat off the menu but a garden salad even my husband who will eat almost anything does not care for the food. This is strictly a place to go and hang out on the water.
Just not good.  Hadn't been in over a year because of the terrible service (waited over an hour for food), fryers were down and we weren't told until after we ordered (a fried dish).  Tried again last night with some friends, it still sucks.  Seared tuna was the saltiest thing ever.  Rice had a weird taste to it.  Fried pickles and calamari were good, this was the only redeeming feature of the experience.  The kicker was that the gratuity was added to the check for our party of 7, and we were not informed.  Will not be back.
The worst meal we had in Florida; it wasn't bad, but just edible, not something I would come back for.  It was a cute place, and they were awesome because they allow doggies and brought my little guy a bowl of water.  The crawfish etouffee was good.  I had the crab cakes, they were ok, and I didn't like their hush puppies, which I usually love. Their coleslaw was unremarkable.  My mom had a fish sandwich, which she said was just ok, hubby said he liked the food, but was disappointed when the cook wouldn't allow him to get a combo of shrimp and oysters on his poboy, which is redic.  He ended up getting fried crawfish on his poboy, which I tried because I love fried crawfish, but I was disappointed again.  Oh well.
Went to this awesome ocean front joint for dinner today and absolutely enjoyed it. The parking was good and we got seated right away. The seating layout is very open and airy with a patio and every table has an ocean view. They had at least 2 very big TVs and a large protector screen playing tonight college football game. I ordered the Forklift which was a blackened fish sandwich and the gumbo and loved every bite! The key lime pie was also very tasty. They had 2 bars and a cool beach volleyball and ping pong set up. Very nice place to hang out at on a Friday night. Highly recommend and would go back again.
I went here on 4/23 for my 22nd birthday. The owner went out of his way to make it a special event for myself and friends. I ordered the shrimp and fish. Both were simply amazing. I love shrimp and have had in at numerous different restaurants. This is the best shrimp that I have ever tasted. The atmosphere was great and I will definitely be going back the next time I'm in Florida!!
Very relaxed atmosphere, servers are a little slow. Food was just okay nothing special. Ordered the Shrimp Po-boy, good sandwich with a lot of shrimp but a little bland. Added their remoulade but it didn't really give it much flavor. Fish and Chips platter was just okay.  Hushpuppies were good but at little greasy for my taste. I would go back but only if i was in the area.
Really great location, right on the water dockside. Went on a Monday night around 7 and it was dead as a doornail.  I had the wings, which rocked, and also the fried shrimp and oysters w/fries.  food was really good and served quickly.  I'd like to come back on a weekend...
Boubon sour too sour, French fries too cold, hushpuppies delivered mid meal, gumbo did not come before dinner, tiny portions of cocktail and tarter sauce, plus we did not get noticed by wait staff for too long.  However shrimp great, fish great, crab cakes not as good as those served at Jesse's in magnolia springs, al.  Our bartender did come by and add more bourbon to our drink when we thought our whiskey sour did not have much whiskey.  So directions from google are WRONG, WRONG!!! Overall... Not a place I'm likely to want to eat again.  Disappointing Saturday afternoon.
Good eats.
I love this place. It's right on the bayou and has such a nice feel to it- open air tiki complete with sandpit volleyball courts. Mostly seafood on the menu, but it's available grilled, fried, blackened, etc. Hush puppies are usually good, and the fried dill pickle chips are super tasty.
Good food,  Plenty of seats with a water view,   Parking is kind of shaky  on a busy Friday. but still worth the effort.
My Recent visit to Pensacola my home town I went to the "Oar House" . This is not a good seafood restaurant. it may be a good party place with happy hour drinks with live music ....and they have good fried green beans and pickles BUT Dinner NO go somewhere else...I Tried the Grouper and it wasn't Grouper. In fact I could NOT even swallow the bite without feeling sick...i will not expound on that it was JUST gross.... Sent it back and traded it for grilled shrimp. It tasted like it had come right from the frozen food section at Winn Dixie. It was chewy, somewhat like Hubba Bubba chewing gum the rice was Minute Rice from a box and extremely bland and the veggies were just like microwave steamer ones...VERY disappointing to say the least i wish i was not hungry....and had the time to go to Waffle House instead. I will NEVER go back for FOOD...unless Gordon Ramsay comes in and does a makeover.
You have to come here. Had lunch with my daughters future in-laws here. Everyone was so friendly. Great service, great food and the decor and view just adds to the whole experience. You have to try this place!
