I love coming to this mall!!not only do they have my favorite store, Sephora, but they have my Life Uniforms store for my scrubs!  This is a clean mall, is sectioned off like pods.  Ross is located inside the mall too!!   It's clean and does not have an odor like you would expect from a mall built a while ago!
I remember the day it opened in 1971 -- was very young, but I knew shopping would be a lifelong friend of mine. Currently, the only department stores they have are Dillard's and Belk, but they have a little bit of everything with 140 stores ranging from Hallmark to Hot Topic. Mall is well maintained and has been renovated several times. Food Court is not what I remember and looks like a lot of the restaurants have closed down. (Sbarro, Chick-fil-a, Sarku Japanese, etc).  They have major chains like Red Robin, Panera, Romano's Macaroni Grill, but I miss the mom and pop type places in the food court. Still love coming to this mall after all these years.
Pretty good Mall that fulfills most shopping needs under one roof. Food court is ok and while it lasts they still have Sbarro!!  It is interesting to note that they do have several local stores her ie. beach/ water living stores.
What happened Pensacola?!?!?! What have you done to my beloved Cordova Mall??? I guess the first signs this mall was going down hill was when Parisians moved out over a decade ago.  The only department stores that are left today are Belk and Dillards.  A Best Buy and Dick Sporting Goods took over the two other spots that used to hold department stores.   I noted some positive changes over the years.  A lot of great restaurants have moved into the mall.  High end stores such as Coach and boutiques such as Loft entered the plaza, but so many of the clothing stores have been replaced by electronic stores and other randomness.  I love Sephora and Aldo, but it has gotten to the point that there are no more clothing options in this mall besides Loft and Express.  And what happened to the Gap?!?!?!  I have noticed an abundance of new stores targeted to teens, but Cordova mall is desperately lacking clothes for the 20-40 age group. I used to love shopping with my mom when I visited home, but I can no longer shop at Cordova mall.  I'll stick to shopping in Tampa.
Cordova Mall perfectly blends two absolutely terrible attributes of malls: terrible personnel and a bunch of riff raff. Walking into the mall, a security guard confronted us regarding our loud speaking in the parking lot. He told us not to bring that hyperactivity into the mall. He then proceeded to tell my friend to remove his hood from his head. What if my friend was a woman who would be embarrassed to do so? The mall itself lends itself to a confusing layout, what with its odd circular design. Plus, individuals in the public setting were certainly causing more chaos than us, who simply wanted to grab a bite to eat in the food court. Perhaps the terrible atmosphere in the shopping center comes about from the uneasiness from tourists and ruckus-causing idiots in Florida, but I would not recommend anyone to do their shopping here.
This mall is actually better than the Mary Esther Mall. I used to drive all the way from Mary Esther to Pensacola on the weekends just to go to this mall simply because: -there's more stores to shop at -a bigger food court -MAC makeup -the pet store (the kids like going to see the animals) -some stores offer military discounts
I really liked this mall. Bigger than what I am used to. The parking can get a little jammed during the weekends but that is expected. You can find pretty much whatever you are looking for in this mall. The facilities are really nice and it looks like it is well kept. No complaints here.
I've lived in Pensacola since 1986 so I can confirm that Cordova has come a long way! Dillard's still has some updating to do on the top two floors, but Simon only allows one anchor store to be under construction at a time and Belks and Dick's Sporting were next in line. After seeing the improvements to the men's floor I am reall looking forward to the upgrades. Incidentally, The property manager, Simon, owns the other shopping mall (university) as well. All the usual mall finds here. Good parking, you can even find shady spots sometimes. I also love that they have lots of chairs and lounging areas spread out throughout the mall for sipping Starbucks and people watching.
If you're from any other place, this mall is the worst! Nothing here. Don't bother.
There are better malls in a country, but for where you're at this is a really good mall. Is clean, well lit, and has a really good atmosphere. You can pretty much find anything you need here although it isn't as cheap as the outlet malls in Foley or Destin. All in all it is a really nice mall especially since all the renovations they have been doing. I would recommend this mall to anybody and if you're from out of town it's definitely worth a stop in to check it out.
I've lived in Pensacola for 11 years and I still love this mall. The people are always nice...most of the time. Good prices if you look for them. The food court is new and nice. I do say that the security guys are really annoying. Some people can be quite rude, if you happen to encounter those. I do wish they put in an Abercrombie & Fitch, though. Then it would be perfect.
This mall has everything you'd look for. It's simple as long as you're not looking for a bunch of designer stores, its a whole step better than Santa Rosa Mall and 45 minutes away from Fort Walton Beach but around the corner from Pensacola State College. Its not the best but its not bad. I'm just thankful there's a shopping stop around here.
I'm not a local, so I cannot compare this mall to others in the area. it has a fair number of stores and you can find things you need, but it by far is not the best mall I've ever been to. I found it strange that the Mens and Womens Dillards was split into two separate locations.
I should probably rate the place individually (has anyone else been in Dillard's and noticed how dirty and the smell of mold? Gross!), but I feel as if management of the mall/corporate/the powers that be, should have that under control. Updates seem to be on their way (food court and Belk's being the most recent). I prefer particular shopping (Williams and Sonoma, Nordstroms, Macy's) and wish those places were here. I find it to be a little low end with Dillard's being so funky and Belk's being the only other option. It is convenient that it has a world market and others outside. The set up is weird though. I am wondering if University will force updates, if they ever get rebuilt.
Cordova Mall is the *only* mall left in Pensacola after University Mall just completely fell apart. It's defininitely not even close to Lenox Mall or Perimeter Mall in Atlanta, but it fits the bill for a small town. The selection of stores is very limited, which is also very typical of small city malls. My wife says that she would come here more if they had J. Crew, Banana Republic, Pottery Barn, Macy's, or a Neiman Marcus. Cordova Mall is located in a very central location in Pensacola, which is definitely convenient.
It's the only mall in Pensacola and everything is hit or miss. It's almost always too crowded, parking is ridiculous, and it closes too early like everything else in this town. It's sad when the most exciting part about the mall is holiday season merely because the mall is open later. That being said there are some great stores inside the mall. If possible go during the week when school is in session for an optimal experience.
The interior of the mall is so crowded that it feels like Christmas shopping season every day.  Since it's the only mall for miles and miles people flock to it.  I've been in there but I never find what I need and I always leave feeling wrung out.  It could use a few more of the usual mall staple stores like Gap and Pottery Barn.  There are some great stores but they're not a part of the mall interior.  In general I avoid this mall interior and find what need in the exterior shops like Ann Taylor Loft and World Market.
Cordova Mall is pretty much the *ONLY* mall in Pensacola. After University died a slow, painful death, this was the place to be. The parking is always crowded, but the location is perfect! Very central!
Not a bad mall for Pensacola... ok its the ONLY mall around here. It's fairly new and clean. It does have a vast selection of food in the food court. It has alot of restaurants that surround to outside the mall. They have a variety of name/non name shops.
Great food court
Great, family friendly, clean shopping mall. Love to come here to play on the quarter machines and browse the selections when you simply don't want to spend the day in the house!
My review is not about Cordova Mall, but of the LOFT store within the Mall. Yesterday, was Christmas Eve with the crazy shopping one would expect, but also with great deals. In the Loft stores there were signs saying 40% off everything in the store and the same 40% off signs were online. After scavenging through the stores, I finally found it.. the perfect present for my picky family member. I asked the sales representative to put the item on hold. I hurriedly rushed back to the store, and was checking out...the price remained the same. I asked why they were not taking 40% off the price, and they said because it was a new item it did not count towards the discount. It is a simple concept to understand, but if a store has signs online and in the store explicitly saying everything in the store is 40% off, do not put items on the racks which are not covered by said sign. I love LOFT items, but I hate false advertising, especially on Christmas Eve.
