The best experience, I've ever had a Guns&Ammo shop, hands down.  I'll never shop anywhere else. In the three trips I had to make, which included pricing the pistol, ordering the pistol, and picking up the pistol, the customer service at B&J's couldn't have been better.  All of the guys were helpful, but I dealt mostly with Brian, who not only answered all of my questions, but also understood that I knew exactly what I was looking for.  He didn't try to push anything on me I didn't want.  He was courteous and professional, and made me feel like I was the only customer in the store, even though there were several.  It was a pleasure dealing with him. The prices were the best around.  I priced out the pistol I bought at a few different gun shops around my area before going to B&J's.  I found out pretty quickly that I wasted my time.  They beat the next cheapest shop by $100, and I didn't even have to negotiate.  It was the first price he gave me.  Their ammo prices beat anyone else's, too. I've been to too many gun shops who either ignore your existence, or try to push things on you that you don't need and never expressed interest in.  B&J's, through their professionalism and awesome customer service, has a lifetime customer in me. Thanks, Brian!
Shameful service to certain "Types" of people. I was cleared by NICS on the spot and asked for one more night to think about before making the purchase. And they guy told me to "Get the !@# out and never come back" (for wasting an hour of his time which was more like making a phone call. The following day I called them at store open time to apologize for my indecisiveness and to let them know that I have agreed to purchase the rifle. He told me that he has too much pride in his business and will not sell it to me for wasting his time. And he asked me to "piss off". I called one more time to apologize one more time to see if they had softened but this time he was absolutely livid, obnoxious and threatened to call the police and told me that he had reported to NICS  about me. It is always the customers prerogative to think over a large purchase over night.. no store has the right to treat people in this manner. Do not recommend shopping here.
Held my pistol for MONTHS while Saratoga County dragged their feet with their paperwork. No extra charge for holding it as long as they did. Great, friendly service. Will definitely shop here again.
