I agree with the other reviewer to buy your wedding dress here!  It's by appointment only so you have the whole place to yourself and whoever you bring with you to help pick out a dress.  When I went I told her what I was looking for, she thought a minute and then came back with a dress.  I took one look at it and said no way!  That won't look good on me!  I tried several dresses on and you know what?  I ended up buying that first one I said no way to!  She was spot on when she picked that one out for me!  It was perfect and it looked beautiful on! They also have a full selection of shoes and purses to go with your gown.   Service is impeccable, which is hard to find these days.  I can't say enough about this place!
After visiting 4 other lovely bridal shops in Albany and Saratoga, DeAanna's was my last appointment one Saturday last March.  The owner is the only one who handles bridal appointments (bride, mothers, bridesmaids) and there is only one appointment scheduled at a time -- incredible personal service.  Diane took one look at me after I told her what I was looking for, pulled a dress, and after I saw myself in the mirror I was done shopping!  Literally the first (and only) dressed she pulled hit the nail on the head.  All of the other dresses I tried on at other places were missing something, but this one had it all.  None of the dresses are more than $2,000. I had a total of two fittings and my dress was altered and bustled perfectly.  The cost of alterations was very reasonable.  I lost about 5 pounds between the final fitting and my wedding.  Diane quickly put me on the schedule to try it on (no additional modifications needed because it was a corset back).  I also purchased my veil and hair pins here (both very fairly priced).   Can't say enough good things about my bridal experience at DeAnna's.  She books up in advance so if you want to look for a dress on a Satuurday, expect to schedule it about 2 months in advance.
Long story short, I got out of being a bridesmaid, but my sister is still in the wedding party.  It is 3 weeks before the wedding and my sister tells me that none of the bridesmaid dresses are in.  Ya wanna know why? Because Deanna's forgot to order them back in...APRIL.  Brilliant! Maybe they are better with brides, but at least one of these bridesmaids is pissed off. _____________ As of 2 weeks before the wedding...the dresses came in.  They appear to be taffeta, which is not what we tried on.
This place has more than I thought...chocolate, coffee, gifts, women's clothing...it's quality stuff, too. However, it is pricey. It's a nice place to shop for gifts.
You get what you pay for! Buy your wedding gown here! The best experience in the Capital District. Bridal shop is by appointment only. Personal service is their specialty. You have the entire place to yourself and your friends or your mom. Beautiful, affordable gowns...nothing priced over $2000.....find a gown for WAY less than $1000. They don't cut the tags out of their dresses...you know who you're buying. By far the best price for the gown I wanted. The lower level is a specialty gift shop. Vintage jewelry at a great price. Some of the gifty items are priced at boutique levels. But the service in the bridal shop is AMAZING! I will purchase any and all formalwear in the future from here. DeAnna's is the most attentive business I've ever worked with. When you're shopping for your wedding gown, it should be! No pressure, easy to work with, friendly, I was welcomed with a smile on every visit. I was undecided after my first visit and she said to go home, think about it and come back! She keept track of what I liked and didn't like in my own file! After my first alteration, the dress fit like a glove and looked awesome, but I was a little uncomfortable. She fixed it with no problem whatsoever.
Overpriced and unprofessional to work with. Terrible customer service. Steer clear!
