I swear, this place has regenerated more times than Dr. Who. Even its name has changed (formerly the Clifton Country Mall) as it has grown. The original building, with its unique shape, was interesting to walk through, with a parking lot a bit more challenging through which to navigate. But it's been changed, tweaked, expanded - now its even got a Hilton Hotel attached.  It's always managed to have a few stores which continue to lure me to shop. I keep my sanity about this place by trying to avoid any serious shopping here during peak times, such as the holidays. But with some patience and careful navigation, it can be a good shopping experience.
Wow. This was pretty grody looking on the inside. I walked in and saw tons of plastic sheets, construction noise, and dirty (maybe cement?) covered floors. They have signs saying "please excuse our mess" and such, but it's hard to ignore when it's half of the mall. The other half of the mall seemed to be overcompensating and tried to be very clean. The floors were so waxy I was slipping on them in my sneakers. Also, this mall is very confusing. It's nestled in between a bunch of free standing malls in a strip-mall fashion. Kind of hard to tell what stores lead in, and what stores are just solo stores. The major chains are okay, but have poorer selection than Albany/Latham stores (Claire's, Boscov's, Marshall's). Still, some shopping fun and bargains can be had, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Worth a look-see if you're nearby, though.
Wow what a massive improvement especially inside. CPC inside is all the sudden clean and beautiful (post renovations Fall 2011). Stunning tile flooring looks awesome through out. Major store front updates as well. Yes, it's still missing any serious stores other than the Marshalls, Boscov's, a Radioshack, and a The Body Shop. However there are serious signs of life- new theater, a new boutique where Tilt used to be. On it's way up.
A nice shopping center.  This place is a combo of an indoor mall and an open air town center.  Plenty of premium retail joints to choose from and a good selection of eats.
First thing to note: Clifton Park Center is technically both the strip mall on the outside and the rather dead mall on the inside.  There's such a wild mix of stores in this place it's hard to get a good feel of what kind of experience you'll have here.  There are some real gems, like Bella Rouge Cosmetics, Sloppy Kisses, and Cinnamon Spice Bakery.  There are some standard retailers like Radio Shack, Claire's, Game Stop, Lane Bryant, American Eagle, and Bath and Body Works.  The cinema here is brand spanking new and higher quality than even Colonie Center's relatively new theater.  But there are also some really odd stores in here.  There's a pet adoption place--only cats--that is only open certain times on certain days.  There's a bookstore (new and used) that is tiny, haphazardly set up, and seems more like a temporary or seasonal store than an actual long-term business--in fact, it may already have closed.  There are new stores opening up, like Apricot Lane, that try to have the whole boutique approach but fail miserably due to really poor customer service.  The J.C.Penney here is miniscule and I always seem to forget about both it and the Boscov's at the other end of the mall.  The food court leaves much to be desired.  There is a Marshall's here, which seems to be a gateway of sorts, as it's the main way to get from the strip mall outside to the dying mall inside. As for stores that were added after half this place was bulldozed into the strip mall, there's been a LOT of turnover.  There was a privately owned chocolate and candy store--that's gone.  There was a Nothing But Noodles, aka Pasta Factory--that's gone.  There was a vintage/Halloween store, and a Zumiez, and a Time Warner Cable location--all gone.  They are, however, continuing to add new stores and restaurants.  The previously mentioned Apricot Lane is one of them.  Buffalo Wild Wings is brand new, as is Angelo's Prime Bar and Grill, located in the lobby of the oddly placed Hilton Garden Inn.  They are currently in the process of building an Olive Garden where the Dunkin' Donuts used to be. Generally speaking, you'll find that the best stores are to be found in the strip mall outside.  Venturing inside leads you to a depressing assortment of dead and dying stores and empty storefronts.  I think they keep trying to revive this place in the image of, say, Colonie Center, but it's just not going to happen.
