Fort Pickens is a wonderful state park built by the United States Army to defend Pensacola Bay on Santa Rosa island. The entrance fee to enter this enormous and beautiful state park is $8.00 per vehicle. That's a bargain considering it's good for seven days and not only here, but at two other state parks in the area. It's pretty much paradise here. You won't find any high rise condos, gaudy neon signs or hotels. Do you know what you will find here? Pristine and uncrowded beaches, baby turtles, rare birds and dolphins. Driving in we saw two dolphins swimming in perfect synchronization. That was so awesome. The sand here looks like sugar and the water is clear and a perfect shade of turquoise. The fort was very cool as were the canons. There aren't any cabins at Fort Pickens but if RV or tent camping is your thing then you're in luck because there are plenty of spots for that. Definitely don't miss this historic park. It's a great way to spend a day. Oh, and here's a fun fact. Apache war chief Geronimo was imprisoned at Fort Pickens from 1886 to 1887.
We loved touring the battle area. It's worth the walk to the beaches around this area. Private. Sea life to see. Perfect all the way around.
Very cool fort! A lot of history. Wear good shoes because there is quite a bit of stairs and walking. There are also trails surrounding the fort and beautiful white sand beaches.
I dropped by while visiting Pensacola beach.   It was a nice scenic drive to the fort.  It was very interesting self guided tour.  Some parts of the building/rooms was a bit creepy and dark.  I am glad I brought my led flashlight with me to explore some of the old rooms in the fort.  The stairs was very steep so I def recommend nice comfy walking/running shoes.  It was super hot out so definitely pick a nice cool day. It was $8 per car to get inside the park.  A lot of historical war stuff if your into stuff like that.  The entire tour took about 1 hour on the main fort.  There was a few other outer batteries for you to youto explore.  I def recommend it if you wanna get away from the beach and do some walking and sight seeing!
Fort Pickens is the largest of the 4 forts built to defend Pensacola.  Cross the bridge to Pensacola Beach and into the State Park and it is right on the tip.  Famous in 1886  for housing Geronimo and Naiche the youngest son of Cochise, you can wander the dark dank buildings.  The fort was completed in 1884 and in use until 1947. There are ten concrete gun batteries.   Self guided Tours or guided - though we were off season so it was a do it yourself job.  We spent about an hour climbing the walls, roaming about and cooing over the guns. Admission is $8 per car at the entry to the Park.  There is a nice gift shop with some good books.
We were reluctant to pay $8 to get in to Fort Pickens until we started asking the locals what they thought.  Each and every person we spoke with recommended Fort Pickens, and said they still go back as often as possible just to walk around and enjoy the atmosphere. $8 per car (cash or credit) gets you in for a week, which is nice.  Just don't lose that receipt. Once you drive in and see the first battery, it brings on a creepy "DHARMA Initiative" feeling that is hard to shake if you are a  Lost fan.  It was still lingering a bit when we were checking out the actual Fort. We stopped at the general store and talked with the owners, making sure we knew everything that was worth seeing.  You can check out a few batteries, but the main attraction is the Fort.  Be sure to visit the visitors center and get a self guided tour so you can identify what you are looking at. You can easily spend and entire day here and not see all the Fort Pickens has to offer.  Before you leave, be sure to stop at the beach and enjoy the perfect white sand and plentiful wildlife.
most beautiful beaches here! took our now 20 month old daughter here and she loved the white sand, there are hardly any shells which is good for her to not put them in her mouth as much lol but whitest sand in all off florida
We decided to hit up Ft. Pickens on our way to the beach since my bf has been wanting to go since he's moved down here. I like history, just not a huge history buff. I didn't really do any research on this place but it's apart of Pensacola's long history and it wouldn't be right if I never came to visit this place so we thought we'd give it a visit on the way to my beach booze fest. The fort was built in 1834 to protect Pensacola from the Confederates and it's known to have been a prison for Native Americans, and in particular none other than Geronimo himself. Somewhat creepy as you walk thru the buildings(more like caves) and there are informative plaques as you venture into different areas on the property. The views from the top of the forts are pretty cool as you can look out over the Gulf, towards the Naval base, but it's not a place I would visit again nor do I think I would bring any out of town family or friends to unless they really wanted to go. It's $8 per car which is a good deal and that lasts up to a week and you can use it over and over until the week is up. Great deal if you want to find a spot on Pensacola beach that's more secluded than the usual areas down Ft. Pickens road. There's a gift shop, restrooms, cannons, and *spooky music*the ghosts of those men who built or were enslaved at these forts. If you're visiting the area and never been to a fort before, I'd say check it out but if you just wanna hit the beach and get the festivities flowing I'd say you're really not missing THAT much.
Looking to enjoy Pensacola's world-famous beaches, but still want to "get away from it all"? Head on down to Fort Pickens. While it is just a few miles west of Casino beach, you'll feel like you are on your own private island. While the NPS offers several days of free admission, the standard $8/car is money well spent.
Fort Pickens is Pensacola's shangri-la.  The national park boasts beaches, camping, historic sites, surfing, fishing, hiking/ running trails, bike lanes, wildlife, natural vegetation, and minimal crowds.   The beaches are brilliant. Loop A is nice for camping; the bathrooms were clean. The trails between the various forts are what raw Florida landscape is. After spending time at the end of the barrier island in this national park, it always feels strange to drive back into civilization. Park entrance fees: $8 per car, $20 annual car pass good for two people (meaning you can share the pass), and campsites vary from $20-45 depending on tent or RV. Enjoy.
Want to get away from it all while getting away from it all?  If you're tired of dodging all of the other vacationing families on Pensacola Beach, you might think about packing up some food and driving out to the end of Santa Rosa Island to Fort Pickens. At any number of the beach pavilions or boardwalk accesses you'll find some of the most pristine beaches of anywhere in the world.  There are no hotels, not condo complexes, no bars and no giant parking lots that draw most of the typical yahoos that can make your beach trips more stressful.  Keep driving and you'll arrive at the Fort. There's something very cool about exploring a Civil War-Era fort.  Kids and adults should both like it.  Put down your iPhones and learn a little history.  Take lots of pictures.  You can use your iPhone for that, I guess.  There's also a fishing pier, a museum and a long seawall that's good for walking around the beachhead.  You can easily spend the whole day here and STILL get in some good beach time.
A great place to take pictures.  Even the drive there is great. Different species of birds nesting on the side of the road and the trees.  You can see the water from both sides of the road.  You have to pay $8 to get into the National Seashore, but you can visit for up to a week.  They have camping,bath houses, small store and a museum.   The fort is pretty cool, but the best part is the beach right down from the fort.   I had visited another beach early that week and it was full of seaweed and dark water.  This beach was crystal clear water. With all sorts of marine life.  I saw birds, dolphin, fish, and a stingray all within a hour.  You can also fish from the pier without a license there.  This was definitely one of the highlights of my Pensacola trip.
Plenty of camp sites, each equipped with water/hose and electric hookups. 20$ a night for car/tent camping. Lots of rv's here. Showers were decent enough with warm water. It's about 4miles into Pensacola Beach, so the conveninence store located in the park near the camping site is nice.  Short walk to the beach. Also a short nature walking trail...saw lots of Osprey nests.  The fort itself is in decent condition and they provide you literature for a self guided tour. Would be nice if they included more Interactive stuff. Beaches were clean and pristine. Campground can get really crowded, especially if there is a special event. If you havent registered and checked in already, don't try to arrive after dark as the park is closed.  If you do, you will have to manually lift the gate (not legal) and register first thing in the morning.
Growing up in P'cola, then moving across the country makes me forget how unique and significant this place really is. Full of history with some beautiful views and spectacular wildlife, you can learn and relax while walking around the fort and the beaches. Bring or rent a bike, take a stroll on the William Bartram Trail, climb the forts and associated batteries, and relax on the beach or play in the surf. Every time I come back to visit, this is a must-do!
Beautiful beautiful beaches and tons of history. Spent 3 days here and still didn't get to see everything.
Candlelight tour was great! i wish that they could have made it scarier and let us walk all over the place, but maybe it's best that we couldn't.
A great place to visit all the way at the end of the island.  Admission to the National Seashore side of the island is $8 but going in the fort costs no extra.  It is a neat place to explore with an old Civil War fortress and WWII gun batteries built on top of each other.  The civil war part has many tunnels built around the brick building and a self guided brochure tour explains what everything is.  There are also very uncrowded beaches surrounding it which are much more relaxing than the ones by the hotels.  It well forth checking out to both learn something and get a great view of the end of the barrier island.
I really love this place. If you're a history buff or like anything military related, this place is for you. For $8 you have access to unlimited run of the fort, but also access to many beaches for a week. If you have school age children, I'd definitely make this a stop on your vacation.
