OMG...THE BEST...I can't say enough about this trip! We found Condor Sailing Adventures while browsing for things to do when on vacation at Pensacola Beach. As soon as we found this website, we were hooked! We wanted to sail, but were not happy about the thought of getting sea sick...and it's true, gliding across the beautiful bay, the wind in our face (the heat index was 105....it felt great!), feet dangling in the water and NO SEA SICKNESS! The fact we were on such a unique vessel, Captain Kirk is just a phenomenal person, definitely takes pride in his boat and his work! He was so easy to talk to, took great care of us (providing beverages, snacks, etc), took pictures of my husband and I, even let my husband drive (which thrilled him to NO end!),  is a great source of information on the history of Pensacola as well as places to visit, and just generally fun to hang with! Captain Kirk's beautiful wife Whitney was a source of instant excitement when we booked the trip, (we booked online, she called maybe five minutes later.....great customer service!) she got us so pumped to go not only on the Dare II, but just to the Pensacola area in general! We had the pleasure of meeting her after the trip, she is so nice, and TALENTED to boot! I apologize for the on-running sentences..this is just such a cool experience..HIGHLY recommend you move this to the VERY top of your to do list if you are visiting the Pensacola area! Thank you Captain Kirk and Whitney, we had a wonderful time~
My husband and I went out on a whim after finding on Yelp and couldn't have been happier. We went on the sunset cruise and there was only 2 other people. It is basically a private boating experience. We love boating, but have never sailed and it was exhilarating!   I get very motion sick usually so I was happy to not feel any waves and have a smooth ride. We've done other boating excursions and sunset cruises. I liked this better because you could move freely, hear great stories from the captain, dip your toes in the water and no annoying drunks! Plus, he brought us cupcakes from a local bakery! A night to remember!!!
We love this cruise! We have been repeatedly, each time with someone new. It is so neat to watch our friends & family enjoy this as much as we do. Captain Kirk is so knowledgable and passionate about his unique vessel as well as the city we all love to call home. The custom ordered cupcakes are such a nice touch! Super nice people to do business with. Proud to brag on them. This is a perfect idea to show people not lucky enough to live here how beautiful it really is, or to spend some time appreciating our water and sights. This would even be a great idea for a birthday, anniversary or even proposal moment. You won't be disappointed as we are always a ill sad when it ends.
I've taken sailing lessons and I much prefer to be a passenger! The Dare is a beautiful trimaran sailboat (Condor 40) and Capt Kirk is a talkative, knowledgeable, helpful  captain. He loves his boat and to share his passion with his guests. He'll also take the pictures you want in between tacks and steering! He really did think of everything: wine glasses, cork screw(s), blankets, comfy moveable lounge chairs for the trampoline deck/surface to just sit back and enjoy the ride in luxuriously. Seriously an enjoyable experience that I'd recommend for lovers, great friends, and families or just about anyone that likes a good relaxing view and enjoys being on the water. Tips: -Bring a jacket, the sailboat can go like the wind and it can get chilly when you are underway. -You may get wet slightly so plan for that as a possibility. -There is a bathroom on board, it's a small and uncomfortable marine toilette so remember that when you are downing the wine!
Captain Kirk, has a fun laid-back nature about himself that truly makes this sailing experience a memorable one for you, your family, or your special someone. To spend time surrounded by the sea is time spent revisiting what and whom we are as people enveloped by our living ended past, magnificent in its presence. Sailing forges a connection, tactile, elegant in its simplicity with a rolling past forever each moment. Being on the sea reminds us of an uncaring, mystical, and unforgiving presence which diminishes land lived contrivances of our own vanity. The Condor 40 is roomy and has plenty of room to leisurely recline, stretch out, move around.
Capt. Kirk is a true professional.  An amazing experience for all ages.  His boat is one of a very few in the world.  I live in Pensacola and take advantage of Kirks charters for my staff and family.  His charters make for a great gift as well.  I encourage all to take of advantage of this amazing experience.
So much fun! Excellent 2hr sailing adventure. Smooth ride with good friends and reasonably priced. Captain Kirk is knowledgeable and entertaining. Recommended for children of all ages! (I'm 62) Loved it!
The sailboat is fabulous and the tour is relaxing. Captain Kirk is so nice.
