The time has come for me to publicly declare my love for this chef and his restaurant. In case you don't know, dear reviewer, I am broken. I have food sensitivities galore, biggest ones being gluten, dairy, soy, and canola. This man can not only cook for me, HE COOKS FOR ME. I'm a foodie. I'm from Miami, and I've eaten at amazing places all over the U.S. and Europe. I love food! It just doesn't love me back. So when I show up (usually with a reservation so he's prepared) they already know how to tweak what I'm ordering. I just realized most of the pictures I'd taken of the dishes were on a phone that died so I feel bad I can't visually share these creations with you. Enough about me, the food. THE FOOD. THE FOOD IS BRILLIANT! My companion and I spiritually ascend when we eat there (wine may help with this). From something as simple as onion jam (which we put on EVERYTHING with that one meal it was so good), to house cured salami and rabbit sausage. The dish above was rabbit three-ways. He introduced me to vanilla poached baby fennel. I saved it and munched on it for daaaaays. I loved the pickled green strawberries. Who else would put sweet corn in a dessert and make it work? He did!!! Everything is simple in preparation (even if it takes weeks) yet complex in flavour. Each item is cooked to display it's own character, with everything else being an interaction between flavours. That's the adventure. You get to mix everything on your plate to figure which combinations you love. This is foodie heaven. If you're not prepared to savour every bite for an hour, you don't know how to appreciate good food. I'll say it again, I love this man, and his kitchen, I hope Pensacola knows what a treat it has in Type, because we are truly privileged to have this caliber of food here.
Not really sure how to feel about this place. So I'll start with a few things... Ambiance: This place has great ambiance. It comes across as very high-end on the outside, but when you walk in, you see that it's more casual than expected. Environment: Ambiance aside, the physical environment is nice, but the most disturbing part is that there is a microwave in plain view. This may not be an issue for some people, but when you're paying $30-$40 per entree, it feels really out-of-place and makes you question the quality of the food being served. Wait Staff: The wait staff seemed knowledgeable on the dishes, however, I felt that our waiter went into too much detail explaining everything on our plates. This may not have been the wait staff's fault, but the most disappointing thing during our visit was that the waiter informed us that they are experiencing brown water issues and could not offer us tap water. Instead, bottled spring and sparkling water were available for a fee. Upon hearing this, we began to analyze everything at our table: the ice, the food, everything. I feel this was particularly a missed opportunity to provide exceptional service here. Instead of forcing customers to pay for bottled water, they should have offered complimentary water. Food: I ordered the duck, which was not that impressive. The consistency was reminiscent of mashed potatoes and the sauce, underwhelming. Presentation: Overall, good, but not impressive. All of the dishes we ordered came out plain, no decorative garnishes, no colorful bouquet of sauces or vegetables. Very simple. Price: I didn't pay for this meal, but at $30-40 an entree, I kind of expect more from a restaurant in regards to the brown water issue, the visible microwave and the dish rags as table napkins. Overall, not an impressive experience for the price. I expected more and got much less.
Very good stop on my visit to Pensacola. We  stopped in for some small plates which included fois gras and risotto fritters, a strawberry pocket pie with cardamom gelato, and a panna cotta. Rose to drink. Attractive calm atmosphere, welcoming service, imaginative and savory dishes. Thanks Chef!
I've been to Type on several occasions and really enjoyed what they had going on. I am a bit of a freak for lamb and was delighted at the sous-vide version they were serving at the time. The only reason I don't go more often is the pricing, and that's my fault for being too poor. The value was there, the sommelier was deadly accurate with his suggestions and the dessert was exceptional. Real southern food with a ultra-modern twist.
It's like someone's great aunt was the last person to lose hope in her only grandson, so she gave him her last dime so he could make one of his ADD spurred dreams come true. So he bought a high-end retail space, turned it into a restaurant, and figured he wouldn't put up a sign so it would come across as really high-end. But he didn't forget to put his name on everything so as to appear well established and highly sought after. A little bit of research tells me this chef has an impressive resume, albeit short, having enrolled at Le Cordon Bleu in only 2003, but I tell you Gordon Ramsay would have sh*t his pants if he had been served the unmistakably raw rabbit that was being turned out of the kitchen on the night I dined. When the chef came over to inquire how everything was, I asked if rabbit was supposed to be served raw, and he said "kind of, oh, that's kinda rare..." He also didn't know what Hoppin' Johns were when my friend asked him...since it was on the menu. He didn't even try to answer the question intelligently, and that's when it struck me just how young he seems. All in all, the atmosphere is conflictingly pretentious and casual. There was no salt or pepper on the table, and asking for it in the midst of other guests just seemed insulting, but we did anyways because our food was under-seasoned and plain. It's not overly expensive, so we didn't feel ripped off or anything, but this place over-promised and under-delivered. I might try it again, once they get a liquor license, because the menu does change frequently, and their dishes sound inspired, and they have a nice downtown location. A similar restaurant in town that delivers inspired, thoughtful dishes without the hype is Pot Roast & Pinot.
Where should we begin... let's start with overall impressions: Positive Impressions- 1. The building and its surroundings are beautiful. 2. Décor is nice. 3. It feels like you're having dinner in a really nice dining room in a fancy house - with other people at different tables of course. 4. The exchange of silverware during the course of the meal was nice and appropriate. 5. The menu is different for Pensacola without a doubt... and different is exciting for foodies. 6. There is a fair amount of molecular gastronomy going on here. Negative Impressions- 1. We were told immediately that there was a problem with the public water system and that the water was brown... and oh by the way "we have spring or sparkling water for $1.50 a bottle". I guess that meant you could buy the $1.50 water or not have any water at all. All throughout the meal we had flashes of panic (like when someone at the table ordered a drink with ice). We questioned, was the ice made with brown water? What water was the kitchen using? Was it also brown? Why would you ever tell a guest at your restaurant that your water is brown? And oh, by the way, no coffee and no tea because of brown water. 2. Semi-bit*hy waiter. On more than one occasion, more than one guest at our table said, "I really don't care for him." 3. Server did not go over wine list. Sommelier not present. 4. Can someone please explain why there is a microwave oven in plain sight on the counter behind the bar? Can someone further explain why staff was using the microwave all night? Was it our food? Was it their food? Bizarre! Remove the microwave! We did not enjoy hearing the beeping! 5. It seems like someone might be trying way too hard. It's good to be unique, different, unexpected. Those are all things we appreciate while dining. But there is sometimes a fine line. Everyone at my table felt there were dishes that crossed that fine line - not all dishes, but some - mostly the main courses. Food- 1. Appetizers- a. The bacon was amazing - crispy outside, melt in your mouth inside, perfect amount of salt. It was served with bacon power, watermelon, picked watermelon rind and pickled okra. It was great... we ordered a second round. b. The risotto fritters were also amazing... but sadly, the truffle oil was not. Truffle oil can be wildly overpowering. Granted, it was on the serving dish and not on the fritters, but it was entirely too much - like someone spilt the bottle. I didn't mind the truffle oil... but some at the table did not eat another because of it. c. The "chips and dip" were also amazing. Simple dish. Roasted and split fingerling potatoes, salt, olive oil and warm brie. How could you go wrong with that? Yes, it is $17, but the portion is huge. Oh and btw, we were wondering, does warm brie = microwave?! 2. Mains- a. Poached grouper with gnocchi, green beans, zucchini, shrimp bisque "sauce" and topped with eggplant "relish". Only one word to describe this dish - bizarre! We could argue all day about sophistication of palate... and perhaps my palate isn't sophisticated enough. There was way too much happening in this dish. It was like a bad marriage - I wanted out of it very badly. I did not eat more than a few bites of it. b. Roasted pork loin with succotash and mac and cheese. Pork loin was cooked perfectly. Red peppers overwhelmed the succotash. The succotash was also practically raw. Not that raw vegetables are bad, but they weren't good either. It was a bit bland - perhaps not enough seasoning. The mac and cheese was amazing. I think everyone at the table wanted a second taste - and got one. c. The texture of the braised rabbit dish was off-putting at best. One diner described it as "like grainy mashed potato" that "melted in his mouth". How rabbit takes on the texture of grainy mashed potato, I will never know. It was not pleasant. The accompaniments were yet again - bizarre! d. Almost everyone at the table left significant portions of their entrée on the plate... not usually a good sign. 3. Desserts- a. The lemonade cake was "just okay" as one member of the table put it. Another member of the table raved about the pink lemonade meringue icing... she then stopped eating the dessert because the cake was "extremely dry... almost like shortbread". The sour sop sorbet was very good... everyone liked it. b. The blackberry cobbler was good enough. The mascarpone honey gelato was not. I make better cobbler at home. c. We were all sharing these desserts and none was more than half eaten... perhaps even less than half. Overall 1. Some at the table weren't sure if they would come back or not. I said I might come back and stick with appetizers mostly - skip the entrée and dessert. 2. The food could have been better - some dishes much, much better. 3. Wait staff does not seem as trained as you would expect for a fine(r) dining establishment. 4. We were told the menu - mostly the entrée and dessert items - changes frequently.  That's probably for the best.
Was taken here as a surprise for my birthday. It was absolutely one of the best dining experiences we have ever had. Perfect low key atmosphere, a staff that is very knowledgeable and attentive that acts like a tour guide taking you through a taste adventure. The food will absolutely delight your senses with tastes, textures, smells and a presentation that is top notch. We were even trying food we normally do not like to eat and could not get over how good it was. The value was incredible as well as I have paid much more for meals but not gotten nearly as good of food or an experience for what I paid. The menu changes every two weeks, we definitely plan on becoming regulars now and look forward to the new items that are to come!
The setting was beautiful.  The service was adequate.   The food was disappointing.   They ran out of two of the wines we ordered, finally we settled for our third choice.  The snapper was a small, tasteless portion with a green pea puree (which was waaaay too salty).  They seemed to be pushing mussels.   We had an appetizer with mussels that was chewy and really fishy tasting.  One of our table mates had a pasta dish with mussels. ...same fishy taste.  One of us had the pork... actually very good.   Overall. .. over priced meal thay was long on presentation and short on taste.
we had a very enjoyable dinner at Type last night.  the food was excellent.  I had the lamb neck with vegetables and my dear friend had the pork shoulder.  both were extremely good.  we just ate the leftovers and enjoyed both meals again.  The service was excellent as well.   The atmosphere is nice. The wine we had was also good.   the list was limited, but they were kind enough to let us try several wines until we found what we liked.  We would return without hesitation.
Hands down the most romantic and gourmet meal we've had in Pensacola. Nothing else around town has the level of thought put into food pairings and how tastes compliment one another.  The setting is beautiful and softly lit. We loved it
