Love, Love, Love this unique boutique for a special something to wear for any occasion or a special gift for a dear friend. There is truly something there for everyone. The staff suggestions are great. Love the shoe department and don't forget to check out the Rhe-peat section - gently pre-worn and vintage items at a great deal.
I'll agree with other reviewers as well, there is quite a bit here geared towards older women. Having said that- shop through all the racks- like any boutique, there are hidden gems all throughout the store if you look for them. Also, Rhe is incredibly nice, as is all the staff. It's such an eclectic, unique feel inside the boutique, and so many finds if you look for the - half the fun is looking! There are also many sales running, at least there have been every time ive gone in. A great find in Troy- check it out!
Blanche and I stumbled across this place this today after lunch at the Illium (stay tuned for a future review). It is a place that upon entering smells like your grandmother, if your grandmother was a glamour-girl-hipster that lived in Newport Beach, CA for her whole life and took on lovers like Telly Savalas, like mine, but this is a story better best told over a drink.  Onward with the review... Rhe's tagline is "A Unique Boutique" and I will agree, largely because it is not your same old boutique cr*p.  It is beautifully done with a large variety of especially nice/hip clothing at very reasonable prices for women.  I would say that most of it, 95%, is new and there is also a good vintage selection in the back.  I can't pick a subcategory for this place because they have such a wide variety of upscale items and accessories. There is a lot of new/eclectic and vintage jewelry, all of which is very, very nice and I found several pairs of truly antique earrings, some for as low as $5. I also found a selection of very hip luggage/bags that you would like to be seen in the airport with or slinking back to your car parked somewhere off of Lark St. with the morning after... I digress. You get the idea, a great place to stop by and spend your dough on yourself or for your girl. It is lacking that elusive 5th star because from what I can see, you have to be a size 6 or below to fit into most anything there, less the accessory clothing.  I am willing to be corrected on this if applicable.   Or perhaps I should bump up those 3 miles a day to 6 and decline the free candy and brownies they have at this cool place.  ;)
When my daughter and I were in Troy for RPI Accepted Student Day on April 14th, my Sister's-In-Law sister recommended that we visit Truly Rhe.  What a wonderful store.  I am so glad we did.  I ended up purchasing a couple of things and have been getting many compliments when I wear what I bought there.  I could have bought a lot more, but with 4 years of college tuition ahead of me I managed to limit my purchases.  This will definitely be a place I will enjoy stopping by every time I visit my daughter.   The owner Rhe was a pleasure to deal with.  It is great finding a gem like this store is.
I thought Truly Rhe was a very nice store. I recently stopped in expecting a pricey boutique and was pleasantly surprised with their prices. I'd liken it to a more affordable Bebe and Cache with better quality clothing. They have a wide range of clothes that run from lounge wear to professional. Prices varied, but  I found some cute dresses that were around $62, and cardigans around $30. Adrienne mentioned a sizing issue here, it seems like it has changed in the past 2 years. I noticed a pretty decent amount of size/style selection when I was browsing, but didn't try anything on. They had some sale items in the back, and lots of accessories along the side. Overall, I'd go back here if I needed a dress (professional or casual - they had a bunch to choose from) or professional wear. The staff were also spot-on and very helpful.
Love this store!  Wish I could transport it to the midwest.  I discovered it by accident when visiting Troy for a family wedding.  5 of us had such fun trying on clothes and jewelry --and we all found unique things that we have gotten alot of wear out of.  I returned once since then--went out of my way on a trip to Albany --and made additional purchases which I love..Really wish Rhe would consider online store--I would be there!
This store gets some serious brownie points from me for its recent "shopping spree" in which it donated 10% of its sale proceeds to the Rensselaer County Sexual Assault & Crime Assistance Program.  I am 30 years old and I have to agree with another reviewer, that the clothing are a bit on the mature side (more geared towards 50-60 year olds), but the accessories are fantastic.   I have purchased several pairs of earrings, scarves, hats, and other little gift items here and have been happy with the unique selection, friendly service, and reasonable prices.
I love this store!  It really seems like they have something for everyone - as a student, a lot of the clothes they carry are too "mature" for my tastes, but they carry trendier attire too.  They also have a section in the back with cheaper thrift finds, which is great if you want some unique pieces but you're on a budget.  Prices are all very reasonable.  It's really nice having a boutique like this in Troy.
My favorite place to shop! Amazing selection and staff. Run, don't walk, to Rhe's!
