The main lobby has very nice hosts and hostesses. The parking garage has a SUPER low roof but ample parking elsewhere for taller trucks and such. The grounds are a little confusing to navigate. There aren't any signs and even with a map it is confusing. The best way to navigate is to look from your room down and get your bearings. The condo is amazing! We have condo 1007 in Tower 1. When you walk in the master is to the right and a bedroom with 2 twin beds is to the left. The kitchen is stocked with pots and pans and plate ware. There is a grill on the balcony. And there is a 3rd bedroom off of the dining/living room. It is beautiful!!!! The light switches can be really hard to figure out at first. The fan in the bedroom with the twin beds didn't work. Well it worked when we first got here but cut out shortly afterwards. The bathrooms don't have wash cloths and what towels we do have, feel stale and crappy. I've been to Holiday Inns with better, bigger, and more plush towels. The beds feel like the comforter display beds at department stores (boxy with very little give) and we each had 2 pillows on our twin beds luckily I brought pillows from home and I recommend you do the same. We went down to the gulf side beach where there are tons of beach chairs. We rented a surf board for half a day for $34 which wasn't bad at all for all the fun we had. We had a late lunch at The restaurant on the back side of the spa. We arrived late around 12:30 to meet our group and didn't receive our food till a little past 2. We had a group of 10 but there were only a few groups of people. There was no excuse for our food taking so long. Especially when half of our group ordered fish tacos. My friend didn't receive her tacos with the rest of our group and when we called down the staff, it only took them about 7 minutes to bring it out. The food was mediocre. It wasn't worth what we paid for it. The "guacamole" appetizer tasted and had the consistency of salsa verde. I couldn't even find chunks of avocado in it. My parents ordered some kind of nacho appetizer and that was probably the best tasting thing they had on the menu. I'm gonna keep adding to me review as the weekend goes on. We are leaving Monday. Today was much better! I woke up late. My group went to the pool early and I wasn't feeling well because of my sunburn. About noon time we all went back down to the pool. The one man live band was fantastic! He played a lot of Beatles classics and stuff that we all could sing a long with. The "kids" in our group wanted to ride jet skis. If your birthday is after Janurary 1st 1988 then you have to take a boating license test. Nothing crazy just read a little 6 page brochure as then take a 25 question test. And it's free to take. The water was choppy so it wasn't a lot of fun. I went back to the pool to lay out under an umbrella and fell asleep while my group went back to the other beach to surf. I made several bar runs. The staff is happy to make virgin drinks for anyone under age! I also ordered the yellow tail tuna nagiri as a snack between lunch and dinner. It was delicious!!! I wish it had been 8 pieces instead of 2 but it was a nice snack for $9. I went to the spa to see if they could give me a facial to help with my sunburn. The staff gave me small samples of their lotions and hydrating creams and even though they don't open till 9am, they happily accommodated my early departure time tomorrow and scheduled my facial for 8am! I went upstairs to the Starbucks and got an earl grey iced tea with skim milk. It took a little while for her to make the person in front of me's order but she was quick with mine. When I got back up to the room, we realized that the hair dryers provided (mounted to the wall) wouldn't work. We also figured out that the "1" on the fan thing is the highest setting which is still a fraction of the speed of the one in the living room. This morning I woke up at 7 and went to my facial appointment. They worked wonders on my sun burn! I got the seaweed pearl facial. The total after gratuity came out to $144 so I tipped an extra $6 to make $150. Check out was so quick! We were in and out of the in 10 minutes! All in all our stay was amazing! Definitely want to come back again! Some of the amenities weren't that great like the bed and towel quality. But the staff is awesome and the location is fabulous!
My third time here...we are in a different tower---1, I def like 3 better. Even tho we are still facing the water, the rooms are a mirror image of Tower 3. I have the front room with sliding door opening into the balcony.  The bed is hard, but I put 3 quilts on top of the mattress to make it softer. Being able to have the door to the wonderful ocean breeze and surf sounds is the trade off. It's not as easy to access the beach as from Tower 3 which is right there.  If you are looking for a place with all the amenities (pools, spas, dining, activities) this is it!...but with a price, which has steadily increased over the years, just like everything else. All the staff I have encountered are very courteous, so it must be a good place to work.
3 BR ocean front cant be beat.  Go to sleep and wake up to the sounds of the ocean and beautiful emerald coast view.  A bit pricey but well worth the cost of admission....pricesless memories.
Poor customer service.  Really poor.  After a botched reservation process through expedia and 20 calls to their accounting department (almost never a call back) we are still out $1200 for a booking that they cancelled.  Now we get to waste more time with small claims court.  Stay away.  Very far away.
Portofino is a wonderful place to visit. (Owning a Portofino condo, as a vacation rental or resident, is a completely separate experience and I should write a reality show on this subject. Let's skip this piece.) The property features 5 buildings of condos, a spa/restaurant complex and an office/front desk plus a ton of amenities. Each condo building is 21 floors with the first 4 dedicated to covered parking. (At the 5th floor, Federal Flood Insurance isn't mandated, so this was a great use of space.) The grounds feature an outdoor pool per building, 5 total, 2 large outdoor pools and a beautiful indoor pool. The spa in 2 floors with treatments on the first floor and a world class workout facility and juice bar upstairs. Downstairs is a restaurant and bar with very average cuisine. There's also an outdoor pool bar, outdoor covered dining, a stage for live music and a great set of under-utilized tennis courts. For fun, there's a water taxi to downtown, fishing charters, moped, bike, sailing, paddle board, kayak rentals as well as a golf course shared access across the bay. Portofino is not on the Gulf--it's across the street with beachfront on the sound. The original plan was to have a walkover bridge which was nixed by the locals. Service is average and the 3 bedrooms are much roomier than the 2 BR's. (All units are 2/3 BR's with one exception--a converted 5 BR unit.) Renting here will be different experience depending on the rental company, the owners, whether it's VRBO.com or how passionate the owner are about keeping their condo up to date.  I'd suggest serious research and references. Tower 1 is the oldest and Tower 5 is newest. The layout is 1/3/5 are closest to the Gulf while 2/4 are closest to the spa and pool. Depending on whether view or access are important should dictate your choice.
What a great place--amazing condos, amazing pools, a fantastic staff, etc., etc., etc.... the awesomeness just goes on and on.... I recently stayed here at a friend's condo for about a week, and I had wonderful time. Staying there even made me wanna buy a unit at the resort!!! *fingers crossed* I win the lottery some time soon b/c I would definitely make that wish a reality :) If you ever plan a beach trip to Pensacola, check this place out for rentals (a lot of the owners rent out during weeks they're not there). The place is really beautiful, and it's situated a short distance away from the more heavily populated, hustle & bustle areas of Pensacola Beach (in other words, it's a little quieter there--well, unless you go during Gay Pride weekend.. then it's a madhouse-- but a FUN madhouse). Also, the five luxury towers are surrounded by beautiful, white sandy beaches on both sides (one side situated on the gulf and the other on the inter-coastal waterway side)... and, if you're not necessarily a beach-goer, all of the towers have their own pool. Another cool feature of the property is the giant clubhouse, which features several restaurants, a gift shop, and a larger pool for the entire resort. The place is well-staffed with friendly permanent and summer employees ready to pull out all of the stops during your stay. Definitely check this place out! You won't be sorry!
I enjoy my time here every time...get the Extreme package ( 4 minimum people) unlimited  use of wave runners , mopeds, bikes, canoes, etc...the adventure package seems like a waste of money. I don't really like wearing the stupid wrist bands all week though for the packages. The spa area is nice...great indoor pool for laps! The gym could use a little more room...the main pool is nice, but the service is slow when ordering a overpriced 18% gratuity included drink! For 18% you need to move your ass please! The kids seem to enjoy the food served poolside or beachside. The units are well stocked with great views... I'm sure you can always find something cheaper, but why bother, this place has it all! Friendly staff is a plus!
The Portofino Island Resort is absolutely gorgeous! The resort is located past the public beach and main strip so the resort feels very secluded.  The resort supplies every amenity you could imagine: luxurious pools, great restaurants, a fitness center and tennis courts, watersport and bike rentals, golfcourse access, beach access, and beautiful ocean and intercoastal views. We absolutely loved our stay.  It was all the "little extras" that made our stay so special.  The high end toiletries and the complimentary plush beach towels that were ours to take home were nice touches.  We enjoyed cooking in the suite's kitchen and dining out on the balcony overlooking the water each night. Minus one star because these rates are a little high for Pensacola Beach.  The rental fee wasn't that bad until you added the hefty cleaning fee on top of the rental price.
this review is for their BeachClub Resort/Residence Save your money and stay elsewhere. When booking a 4 bedroom unit one would have every right to expect beds in bedrooms, curtains on windows, and tv's to watch. Pools should have an adequate number of loungers in proportion to the number of units. Codes and card access is overkill and so ridiculous it's laughable! Stay at the Holiday Inn next door and be treated much better and enjoy and much nicer property!!!
This place is OVER RATED. If you have a lot of money you want to throw away this is the right choice. Condo was filthy, 19" tv worked well once I bought a magnifying glass. The remote for every tv was broken, or batteries were missing. I did like the electric BBQ pit on the balcony,and the view was stellar. But................... I could have stayed in panama city beach for a month for what it cost for 4 days in this over priced dump. They suck you in for some adventure package that promises all access to all the condo amenities, but for $600+ all you get is a stupid canoe and a "yolo" board. They should have kissed me first before they raped my wallet. I'm surprised that there are not more poor reviews about this place, considering most people I spoke with over the weekend were saying exactly what I was thinking. Do yourself a favor.... Save your money and go to panama city beach. I rate this dump one star only because of the view and BBQ pit on the balcony. I know it's sad, but so is this place.
This review is for the Terrazzo Grill at the resort. We stayed in house next to Portofino and though we'd head over for a family dinner one evening. The resort itself seems very nice, but the grill was a disaster. Started off w/ an extra appetizer we didn't order. Service was painfully slow. Took about 20 min for our entrees to show up and most of them were sandwiches. Wouldn't have bothered us so much if waiter had at least checked to see if we needed anything during this time, but he was hanging out in kitchen. Then to top it all off the food just wasn't very good. Would definitely pass on this place and make the drive down to better options near the main beach.
Stunning location and amazing ambiance. A winner.  We spent New Years Eve here and had a ball!
this place displaced wildlife to be created, but lauds its connection to a wildlife preserve. however, a strange man associated with the resort has now been complaining about wildlife near it. evidently they plan to displace more wildlife to create more buildings. if you're staying at these kinds of places for the beauty of nature and its inhabitants, i'd suggest you stay far away. disappointing, to say the least. a lot of controversy right now as well over their desire to kill a colony of spayed/neutered ferals that has been on the property for some time being monitored by a specialty group. the management is not willing to work with the group or try any of its suggestions, and has called these cats wildlife and complained that they would attract more wildlife to the area. again, not in keeping with a supposed love of wildlife. florida has much nicer, prettier,  less controversial places to stay. i'd suggest one of those alternatives.
Impeccable service, huge suites, bedrooms and baths for all three couples with living room. Great views (Sound or Gulf) from all rooms, although some rooms had their views blocked by one or another of the towers (five altogether). Choices of pools, kiddie "adventure" stuff (not for us). The best thing is that the resort is right on the edge of the National Seashore, so in one direction you can find rowdy clubs, but in the other, you can kayak or hike out of sight of civilization. Really, something for everybody!
Smokers beware if you are renting 1506 tower 5. The owners do not allow smoking on the balcony saying the smoke gets through the hurricane proof air and water tight sliding doors. They don't mention this anywhere on the property profile but let you know when you are ready for vacation. Rediculous.
