Thanks Oh Snap bakery, for providing my family with with a birthday cake that everyone will talk about for quite some time!  For dear old mom's 65th b-day, I wanted to come up with a custom cake idea, one that would capture her personality, look divine, and taste even better.  Only problem is, I haven't lived in Pensacola for years, so I had no idea who the best bakeries for the area were.  So, using others' reviews as my virtual guide dog, I scoured several websites to locate the perfect business who could make my confectionary fantasy come true.  Cupcakes have always captured my imagination, so when I saw that Oh Snap could make both, I knew they were the one.  Four-layer marble cake with strawberry filling and white chocolate frosting?  No problem.  Chocolate-covered strawberries on top?  Absolutely!  Oh, and a dozen matching cupcakes, but with the colors/chocolate scheme reversed?  Of course!!  I did flinch a little bit when the lady on the phone totaled up how much everything would cost, but it was for a good cause.  And it was all worth it in the end.  Everything was ready to go when I showed up 30 minutes early.  My only complaint was that the cake looked a little plain, but that's my fault.  I should have specified the # of berries on top or asked for writing on it if room.  Anyway, cupcakes tasted good and did match, but they were nothing spectacular.  The cake, however was amazing!  I wish I had taken a picture of the inside, you could tell just by looking how moist and flavorful it was.  We cut the pieces kinda big, and some people protested.  However, every single plate was cleaned and we had no trouble giving away the leftovers.  I would not hesitate to recommend ordering a custom cake from this little cupcake place if you are looking for something truly special :-)
We got the apple spice, butterfinger, rocky road, and banana split cupcakes. Apple spice: not nearly as apple-spice as I had hoped.  Next time I'm wanting this flavor combo I guess I'll get a donut or make a pie.  It was pretty dry and the icing was a little... weird. Butterfinger: Cake was moist, a little bland, but the icing was too much.  Definitely didn't remind me of a butterfinger though. Rocky road: The cake itself was good and moist.  The icing and topping, though... no thanks. Banana split:  This was bit strange.  It was moist, so that was the saving grace. We've lived in some great cities over the years with awesome restaurants.  Maybe that's a reason my standards are so high.  They weren't terrible but they certainly weren't close to being what I had hoped. But if my daughter is wanting a cupcake in the future, we'll give this place another shot.
Ok, I'm not sure if I've been spoiled by great cupcake shops here in Houston or what, but Oh Snap! you fell way short for me. I came home July 4th week and made a point to stop by Oh Snap! for some treats for the family. First, the selection was pitiful and nothing had changed in the two years I've been gone, I ended up with my old favorite Red Velvet and Dalmatian as my two choices. As a food blogger, my first thought was take a picture before driving out of the parking lot. In Houston traffic I've managed to obliterate many a cupcake just trying to make it home. To my dismay I had flat cupcakes with less than appealing frosting. Took my selection home and went straight for the Red Velvet.... boy was I disappointed. The cake was gummy, dense, chewy, and dry like too much oil or eggs were used and no soft fluffy moist texture. There was little to no icing that had no flavor and looked almost deflated. I honestly could not finish it... I ended up throwing away the remainder of my cupcakes after my teens even looked at them and said no way! Needless to say I was very surprised that I've had better cupcakes from food trucks then a place with a lead in the market area. Oh Snap! was a big Oh No!
These cupcakes are really, really good. The Dalmatian and red velvet are a must try. But at the Cordova Mall location, there is a blond lady who is so rude that it makes me not want to buy anything from Oh Snap. She doesn't smile, acts bothered, and when I asked her what she preferred, Dalmatian or wedding almond, she replied "One is buttercream and one is cream cheese. I don't know your taste buds." Really lady? If she's the owner, that's a damn shame.  So next time she's there, I'll skip the cupcakes and grab Dip n Dots.
We went early-ish on a Saturday (around 9:30) and got 3 cupcakes. I LOVED the Key Lime cupcake. My husband got a Raspberry Lemonade one and said it was good. My son had a vanilla one with sprinkles that was just OK. Maybe going early in the day assures freshness? There was also a kid's birthday party going on (a cupcake decorating party). It seems like a cool idea for a party, but as non-party guests it was annoying to have lots of kids running around or blocking the counter.
My bff has that damn gluten allergy, like for real, and lives in the area. She also loves Hello Kitty. I find the perfect cake (see pics of Hello Kitty cake I've uploaded) on pinterest. I contact Publix to try and see if they will do a custom cake, gluten free and they tell me no and no. I'm then scrambling because it's a week until I'm due to fly in from DC. I end up talking to Chasity who assures me she can do a custom cake that's gluten free and asks me to email her the picture of what I want. I do better; I email her a link to the blog post that the picture comes from. She asks some questions about what flavors I want the layers to be, the flavor of the filling and quotes me $50.00 while assuring me it will be ready for pickup at 1 pm when I arrive. Of course I'm worried. I've given them the credit card information over the phone, they know I'm in a pinch and I'm assuming I'm going to arrive to an issue or disappointment that I'm not going to have time to deal with. I land at 10 am and confirm the 1 pm pick up time. I get to the store expecting the old "it was harder than expected so it's going to cost more" and the cake is not only there, but EXACTLY like the picture and Chasity comes out to personally tell me how much she enjoyed making the cake because she enjoys doing something different. She hand cut the cake free form from a sheet cake and it was PERFECT!!!! Everyone who saw it thought it was the best thing. Also I don't know if I'm just used to DC prices or what but $50.00 was a steal.
My husband and I went in to try some of their cupcakes on 12/27. The place was very busy. The staff was very friendly. We were very excited to try some of their delicious looking cupcakes. We ordered 5 cupcakes: 1) The Dalmation: chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting and a few chocolate chips on top 2) Red Velvet: Classic red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting 3) Blueberry Lemon Drop: Lemon cake with fresh blueberries and a lemon cream cheese frosting with a few fresh blueberries on top 4) The Jerry: Brown sugar cake with salted caramel frosting and a few pieces of popcorn on top 5) Oreo: chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream frosting mixed with Oreos and an oreo on top I was really excited to try these cupcakes. Both my husband and I were very disappointed. Of the 5, the Blueberry Lemon was the best. But Oh Snap must not dust their blueberries in flour before adding it to the batter because all of the blueberries were at the very bottom of the cupcake and stuck to the wrapper. I would prefer the blueberries to have been equally dispersed in the lemon cake. I love chocolate cake so I really wanted to like the chocolate cupcakes. They were dry and crumbly. The red velvet tasted unremarkably like anything. All I tasted was the texture of cake. The cream cheese frosting on the Dalmation and Red Velvet was very good. The Jerry was really odd. The cake itself tasted like a cinnamon muffin. Not at all cupcake like. The frosting did not taste like caramel. It tasted very buttery and I suspect it was just buttercream. Although it was good buttercream. My favorite part about this cupcake was the popcorn on top. I think popcorn dunked in buttercream frosting could be the next best delicacy to hit the pastry world. Overall, the cupcakes weren't dreadful but they definitely weren't very good either.
18 $$ Dollars  for 5 cupcakes that  were dry. Post your prices and bake throughout the day; otherwise, you won't be in business long. You got us. Once!
I must admit, I found Oh Snap Cupcakes on Yelp about a week before a trip to Pensacola, and I just wanted to check them out because I thought the name was cute.  However, as fate would have it, our hotel was very close to their location.  My husband, sister and I decided to indulge, and I must say, it was just about the most delicious cupcake I have ever eaten.   My sister and I tried the Dalmatian, which was chocolate cake, cream cheese frosting & a few chocolate chips sprinkled on top.  The cake part was very soft, and the frosting was very flavorful and creamy.  Hubby had an Oreo cupcake, and thought it was delicious as well. The cupcake was definitely filling & much larger than a standard size cupcake you might make from a mix at home.  You will not be hungry afterwards!  That being said, this is definitely a once in a while, rare treat type place.   The place itself is on the small side, a little cluttered, but it was neat to see the various treats they had at the front counter.  We got our cupcakes to go, and the cashier (who was very nice) put them in a box with a divider so they wouldn't shift or muddle together while in transit.   I would recommend them if you are in the mood to indulge!
Good, but not awesome. Cookies were very good but not something I couldn't make at home. Cupcakes were moist but dense and frosting was average (not bad, but nothing special either). They do have gluten free and vegan options, which would bring me back when family is in town. Prices were reasonable and staff friendly.
I got a raspberry lemon- yum, but I've had several others (chocolate chocolate, red velvet) that were on the drier side. The owner is super nice. I shipped a king cake to my friends in DC and they said it was really good. Free cupcake on your birthday!
My partner and I had a beautiful sunrise wedding ceremony on the beach in Perdido Key FL.  Oh Snap! made our wedding cake, which was the most delicious vegan red velvet cake we've ever tasted.  Beautifully decorated with Tiffany blue vegan buttercream we couldn't have been happier.  Our guest agreed it was the best they'd ever tasted.  Erin Stevens the manager handled all the details with me over the phone long distance from Santa Fe NM with professionalism and confidence. Lovely staff, impeccable service you can't go wrong with Oh Snap!
The cupcakes are tremendously overpriced, and I've never really enjoyed them. Our last trip set us back $22 for six cupcakes, and between three people, there was only one cupcake we didn't all think was terrible. The frosting tastes like it's nothing but butter and sugar, the cake part always tastes old and dry. We even had problems getting a nine year old to eat a plain white cupcake. I've had their cupcakes on a few occasions at different functions as well, and I've had the same result every time. This place definitely isn't worth your time.
Wow - I love the cupcakes!  It seems hard to find good cupcakes anymore.  I usually make my own since the ones you get from the grocery can be too sweet or not fresh, etc. I had the peanut butter cupcake and it was yummy.  Not too sweet or too bland - just the right texture and taste.  Reminded me of the quality of desserts in europe. I will return and try more!
Update: I visited this place again because they had a "buy two get one free" deal and I wanted to give them another try.  The cupcakes were a lot tastier than the last time I visited.  I got the same flavors and the cake portions were much better prepared (they were less dense). I don't know if they changed the recipe or if they had a different baker, but the cupcakes were substantially better and I hope they keep it up. @Ness:  It is very fair to compare Pensacola restaurants to that of bigger cities for we do have nationally recognized, award-winning restaurants in town.  I believe that any restaurant or bakery in Pensacola has the potential to be just as renowned as that of other cities, and if we don't try to hold them to similar standards, we are doing their business a disservice by underestimating their abilities.
The next time I come through Pensacola, I'm going to make sure I come here at an earlier time when everything's fresher. The selection was quite good, and I thought my vegan red velvet cupcake was pret-ty good! And that's saying a lot because I could care less about that sort of dieting crap...!
Went to this place to order 5-6 dozen of ( Who cares type of cup cakes ) my daughter was with me and asked how much a single cup cake was..she told her and when I asked how much was the defence between two types she got rude with me and said (did you not listen to what I told her) ...so without a word or a thank you I turned around and walked out took my business down the road to Krispy Kream Doughnuts.  I was willing to spend up to $100.00 for a get together. I don't think she liked her job. Sorry you have to deal with the public. I am sure the owner would have had a fit about this if I had called.
The cupcakes are good&it's nice that they attempt to make vegan and gluten free cupcakes. That being said they use the same plain buttercream on all their vegan cupcakes. How hard is it to throw a little cacao, pink champagne, etc into the frosting?!? They could at least try to do something with the icing or don't make new flavors in vegan if they can't. Otherwise only one frosting takes away from the cupcake and turns what should be a nice accommodation into a huge disappointment. Epic fail!
I love the cupcakes at Oh Snap.  They take pride in their creations and offer a group of standards as well as rotating specials.  Also of note are the daily Vegan and gluten free options.  For Mardi Gras they have created an authentic King Cake!
I'm not sure why people are giving them bad reviews, but if you are trying to compare them to a gourmet bakery in Vegas or NYC, or course they can't live up.  This is Pensacola and we don't have restaurants or bakery's like big cities, but this is a very good cupcake shop.  Yes the cupcakes are a bit pricy, probably around $2-$3 per cupcake, but who eats cupcakes everyday!  It's a decadent dessert that you treat yourself to occasionally.  Their red velvet cupcakes are the best and I'm not a red velvet fan.  Give them a try, they have lots of choices and even vegan and gluten free cupcakes!
I think these cupcakes were delicious. My friend and I tried the red velvet and the coconut. The cake was not light or anything, but more medium-density, not stale, soft, great frosting. Not the best cupcakes I've ever had (Kara's Cupcakes in the San Francisco Bay Area are) but better than I was expecting. Unless you are a total cupcake snob, you won't be disappointed.
I vacationed in Pensacola about three weeks ago. I wanted something sweet so I went to Oh Snap! Cupcakes. Wow.... it was NOT a good cupcake!!! It was craving for moisture and the flavor was non existent. Paid $3 for it and I really want my money back. Oh Snap I was gipped.....
When I want a really great, sweet treat, there is no where else to turn but Oh Snap! Cupcakes.  Their customer service is thoughtful and cheerful and their cupcakes divine, both in taste and presentation.  That they offer gluten free and vegan (those only in the afternoon only) is so fabulous for those of us with food allergies.  A couple of these are better than a dozen red roses!
My daughter in-law had them make a cake and cupcakes for my grandson's 1st birthday. It was one of the worst cakes that I have ever tried to eat. It was like a bad pound cake with bad icing. Save yourself some money and get better cakes and cupcakes at any of the other good bakeries in town. Heck, even the grocery store bakeries are better.
...sorry, but these cupcakes were the best I ever tasted. Yeah they are ridiculously expensive, but hey, my boss paid for 'em.  We got an assortment of different  types, and I must say my faves were the Oreo and the Red Velvet (yeah I ate 2 of them)They were worth every piece of fat that went straight to my hips.
Good gluten free things.
Their cupcakes are yummy, but a smidge expensive. BUT - they make the perfect holiday gift!!! Thanks for taking great care of us!
The vegan cupcakes are a nice addition to the menu, however they are not nearly as moist as the vegan cupcakes I make at home. The flavor options are good but the cake is dry and a little disappointing. But it is nice having a local vegan desert option.
