I can get lost in here for hours. Anyone looking for some unique decorating touches, or for inspiration for their own art can definitely find it here. Everytime I go I leave with a million project ideas in my head. I've only bought one thing==a handful of small antique knobs for a dresser that came to a total of about $25. (some were glass, some wooden, some ceramic) FUN FUNKY OLD AND FRESH all at the same time. They used to have salsa lessons in one of the rooms off to the side, but I haven't heard about them in months. Maybe that studio closed or moved?  The lessons were "ok" I took two with friends and then stopped in search of different lessons.
This is not only architectural salvage, but on the weekends it is a market with over 20 local vendors and live music...tea, books, candles, locally made honey, wine, cheese, woodwork, fine art, jewelry, painted glass...it's really a neat place to see. A good spot to find unique holiday gifts or materials for artistic projects. The market is open Saturdays from 9 am until 3 pm and Sundays from 10 am until 3 pm. The salvage business has additional hours.
It's not you, it's me. This is a place that I would love to love more.  But I'm just not a handy person.  If you have tools and know-how and time to spruce things up, I am sure this place is a gold mine. But if you are like me, and never sat down to watch a show on HGTV, you will likely wish there was more stuff for sale that was user ready.   Maybe the problem was that on my visit, I came with something specific in mind: chairs for the dining room table.  Ours had woven cane seats, that the children had broken.   We walked away empty handed, but young master Daniel B. did find a drawer of clock parts that kept him entertained for almost an hour.  Two different people suggested he was going to grow up to be a mechanical engineer.   Perhaps in that hypothetical future, he could help us restore some cool furniture as well.
FUNKY. Architectural salvage, to say the least! You can find this place tucked behind a chain fence that surrounds what resembles a junk yard, one scattered with furniture, sculptures, paintings, etc. When you get inside, you literally feel like you've stumbled upon a crazy old lady's attic...and I mean the kind that rocks. There is so much amazing antique furniture here. You could literally get lost in this place. There is stuff everywhere, hanging from everything, and people are just standing in front of the stuff, selling it. As you get closer, you realize, each nook is a little world in its own right. There's a woman selling hand-made jewelery. There's some kick-ass pottery. There's someone else selling herbs, spices, and dried flowers. There's this AMAZING spice shop with fabulous dried fruit. There's antique AND costume jewelery (jumping for joy!). The list goes on...and there's even live music! Go here. Grab a cup of joe and nibble on a homeade croissant. Walk around. Be inspired. Treat youself to something crazy (and most likely, beautiful). There is so much to see and explore. Trust me. Oh, and it's right behind Miss Albany Diner! CRAZY. I had no idea this place existed until last week. Thank you, Yelp! P.S. It's open until 6 PM on the weekdays and 10-3 on weekends. Word em up. P.P.S. I almost forgot!! They offer yoga and dance classes!! I have yet to get details, but that just bumped me up to 5 stars. Sigh of joy.
This place has come a long way! There are locally-made honey products, cheeses, crafts, tea and of course, architectural salvage. There's also a used book vendor, an Internet cafe and a place that sells homemade aprons, among other things. It's really a pleasant place, and there's typically live acoustic music on weekends. I think they also have $5 yoga classes on Saturdays. It's kind of like a real, local market place - not quite the caliber of the ones they have in New York City or Europe, but it's definitely unlike anything in the area. I spent a long time talking to the cheese man today. Not only is his goat cheese delicious, but he's a really nice guy. I also walked away with some homemade dog biscuits and a vintage poultry magazine. I was pretty pumped. (Also, they have an ATM on site.)
(I wondered why "Silver Fox Antiques" had not been reviewed before discovering they are actually the genial proprietors in the center of the "at the warehouse" building. So this review applies to both.) This is a bazaar housed in an old warehouse and well worth a visit if you are dining at the nearby Miss Albany Diner (the vibe is complementary) or looking for that odd whatever. At first glance it looks like a lifetime's accumulation from a schizophrenic packrat but at closer glance you'll find distinct "stores" in different areas of the space selling architectural salvage, ceramics, old comic books, seashells, woodworkers' curiosities... you get the idea.  Some of the proprietors are burrowed in among their stuff, either working on restorations or chatting with one another; if the stuff doesn't appear to have an owner you negotiate for it with the nice folks at the checkout in the center. One room is a hardwood floor dance/yoga studio (rents by the hour for special events) with fireplace mantels lining the walls. If you go on the weekend you'll also find a café serving sandwiches and soup and a tarot reader and, well, who knows what else. Closed Monday and Tuesday.
Amazingly wide selection and extremely friendly and helpful staff! I'm still really new to the whole DIY scene but they were more than happy to give me advice on how to create the projects I want! To top it off they really do have some amazing things to choose from and will even create custom pieces for you if you find some parts you'd like to go together.
when i first heard of At the Warehouse, i was a bit (more than) skeptical. if you are on your way to the Miss Albany Diner, you will notice a sign just before you get there that points the way. and the sign seems a bit silly. 'this way to At the Warehouse', it seems as though they are trying to be like Huck Finn's and that isn't something I personally would want if i were a business. but, despite the silly sign and somewhat unsure of what we would find, we still decided to give it a shot. and were quite surprised! it really is a big open warehouse, the exposed beams above are charred - an old way of preserving them instead of stains and polys.  there are interesting odds and ends on the way in and then when you get inside, it is a fantastic mish-mosh of delights for the eyes.   my cousin jen Loves to restore old furniture and quirky pieces for her Fabulous Pad in the city. she found an incredible old low-backed corner chair that she got for only $25! yes it needed work but what a find! not only is there a Ton of architectural salvage of all kinds - antique paneling, mirrors, doors, frame wood, tin ceiling sheets etc. and some other great furniture finds, there are also several other 'booths' set up around the space. my friend Laura recently opend up Blue Bird Books there and I cannot wait to go see her and how she is doing. in summary - this is a great little place to while away some sunday afternoon time and come back with some great finds.
This place is quite amazing. We can't afford most of the big items that they have refurbished and all, but the little trinkets and clothes that we have found have been absolutely wonderful and keeps my wife and me coming back every couple of months to see what's new.
This is a great place to get salvage stuff!  I bought a theater chair from the old Palace Theater for my art room and its great!  I frequently go there to get gears and stuff to make jewelry with.
I was not sure what to expect when I arrived, but this place was great.  There seems to be a little bit of everything there.  Along with tons of salvage materials there were little areas where people had set up their own shops.   There was so much to look at and explore, you could spend hours there.  Any one working there is more than helpful and eager to talk.
This is a neat place, and worth going back to to do some treasure hunting.
Architectural salvage is all over the place, it's really quite a treasure hunt!  Along with local vendors, it can be an interesting stop on a weekend afternoon.  It's a very friendly place, it feels like a  little community.  I picked up some local honey, made in the Center Square neighborhood.  There was also cheese, ceramics, chocolate sauces and flowers.  Not bad for a slow weekend.
