This is one of the only places with a full bar near my parents house and I like the pizza so I've met up with friends here quite a few times and had he pizza quite a few times too. Pros: good food,  good service, good drinks Cons: a bit pricy for food, way loud for the number of people it holds, and not a lot of parking. Pro or con depending in who you are: nowhere to smoke, which I like because my smoking friends are always forcing me into sitting outside when it is hot as balls, but probably the reason I'm the only one who pushes ozone. While nothing to really write home about, I think it fits a great niche and for a casual night out with friends in the area, I prefer it to wisteria or New Yorker deli which are what my friends also like.
The staff did not have their act together whatsoever. They made our party of seven wait an hour before telling us tables were not available (although there were). Also refused to push two tables together to accommodate us by giving the excuse,"we can't do that on Mondays". God-awful!
Pizza was awful. Poorly executed cooking, flavorless minimal sauce, greasy. The dough was quite sub par tasting much like Pensacola tap water. They could def use a good cleaning in the side room seating since it smelled like urine. After relocating to the bar area I was greeted by a very friendly bartender(Joey) who was very helpful in suggesting a beer to go with my pizza. The beer was tasty, the chips and salsa app was good, and service attitude excellent. Only two stars since the main point of my visit was pizza and it was a sincere disappointment. I was hoping to find that hidden gem. Sorry ozone, but you have some major pizza improvements to make.
There was a mix up on the order and people who came n 20 minutes after us got our pizza.  We can have there pizza for free.  Ozone you suck
Great food and amazing service. I can't believe we left there with as small a bill as we did. I've been here a few times and every time I'm reminded how great this place is. I would definitely go with their nachos and a carnivore, mix it with a pitcher and it's a good night for everyone under 30 dollars. Make sure you stop in on mondays, it's half off their large pies.
The WORST! Slow service. I got served a cold undercooked pizza. The cheese was barely melted and the dough was RAW. We went on a slow sunday afternoon. Ordered a basic italian supreme style pie. It took 45 minutes to bring it out. Slow service. Bad pizza. After waiting for nearly an hour, watching people sit down and getting their food before us, getting a cold raw pizza, we decided to walk out and not wait for another cooked pizza. We got on the Dominoes app, ordered from O'zones while we waited for our drink tab, and by the time we got home, the pizza delivery girl was there shortly after. Dominoes for the win!
I only give Ozone two stars, not because of the food, but for the wholly inadequate service.   Our cheese bread appetizer was burned on one end of the bread.  (Why did the waitress even serve this?)  My thin crust pizza was also pretty crispy/burned all around the edge up to 1/2 inch inward.  The flavor combination was good.  Others in my party said their food was flavorful also.  All food was served very hot, so it had not been sitting waiting to be served. Our party of five arrived for lunch approximately 11:45. There were some diners, but not crowded in the least.  The entrees were not served until 12:30. The waitress was slow with everything she did from bringing drinks to the check.   I will probably try Ozone again, when I have two hours for a meal.
Ozone's is a cornerstone in East hill. The staff is awesome. They stay in a good mood even when the place is packet and waits are long. On a slow day they take the time to talk to customers and give the place a real neighborhood pizza pub feel. I like Ozones for its versatility. It's a great place to meet a revolving group of friends and per game. They have a great selection of beers and some really good top end cocktails. Pay attention to the specials. Half of larges on Mondays can get packed out in a hurry. It used to be better back in the heyday when the owners were running three unique venues next door to each other but it is still a solid standby.
I ordered a slice and coke for lunch. It was supposed to be a slice with pepperoni,spinach,and ROMA tomatoes. First of all...they used regular tomatoes...then....they didn't even use cheese on top of the ingredients...so when i got it...the toppings looked like they just threw them on top and put it in a box. Most good pizza joints put cheese on top and put in oven to get all heated through and melted! Apparently the cooks were annoyed with cooking/selling a slice and just had a cold cheese slice lying around to serve. Would i eat here again..? Only thing i suggest is the beer and the zoner bread!
The pizza here is really good, especially the thin crust. They have a huge variety of toppings and great appetizers and I love their specials during the week! Warning: service can be slooooooow so don't go if you are absolutely starving.
Great atmosphere, decent food. Been there a handful of times, and the pizza has been pretty good everytime. Not great, just good. The service is pretty slow, but the wait staff are attentive, and the atmosphere is great. Plus, the drinks are good. I'm a bit more partial to Mellow Mushrooms food, but O'zones atmosphere is better. Definitely a place to try and experience, but don't expect to be blown away.
The pizza is hit-or-miss.  Sometimes it's great, other times the dough is hard, as if the dough was old and the yeast died and didn't provide any rise to the crust while the pie was cooking.  I quit the crap shoot long ago and now just hang out and drink. Ozone is a very pleasant place to hang out during the afternoon, before the din of the evening crowd gets going.  Sitting at the bar, watching TV, BSing with the bartenders and other patrons makes for a laid-back good time.  The service is much quicker during the day, too. I never knew that they offered soup, but a couple came in, sat at the bar, and ordered some bowls on my last visit.  I can't remember what kind it was, but it smelled delicious and looked great.  I'll have to try some next time. The front men's room (in the hallway next to the bar...not the one near the back room) is retarded.  There are two urinals about a foot apart, with a mirror that extends down to the top of the flush valve.  Seriously?  I don't need to examine my junk while I whiz, and if another dude actually attempted to use the other pisser while I was standing in front of the other one, I'd suspect nefarious motives afoot.  I took a picture of this absurdity, which I'll post when I find it among the myriad pictures of other absurdities that I encounter every day.  Take that foolishness away, Ozone!
If you truly would like a unique experience in dinning or just hanging out having a few cocktail's O'Zone Pizza is a uber cool place - I've pretty much had everything  on the menu and its ALL good.. Plus you have Andrea behind the bar and she rules!!  So if you want to have some fun with your family or just to chill out by yourself hit up O'zone pizza.. oh yeah.. it used to be the old Baptist hospital morgue how's that for unique..   and the flaming Sambuca's are the bomb..
Ozone used to be better but it might be that moving to SoCal has left my palette a bit more mature and refined. I still love the Nutty Idea but when I got it the pie was a bit undercooked - guess I should have asked for well done. Service is good and beer prices are great. As far as I know, it's still the best pizza pub in Pcola and I'll still go there. Hopefully next time I get a fully cooked pizza.
When you come to O'zones Pizza, you're coming more for the drinks and atmosphere than the food.  When people say that O'zone is the best pizza in Pensacola, I think, "Really?  Have you ever been to Santino's?  Tuscan Oven? Even Chuck E. Cheese is pretty darn comparable!"  I mean, it's not *bad* pizza, but there's nothing great about it either.  It's solid, a bit expensive, has mediocre toppings. The atmosphere is what makes this place so popular.  Built in the morgue of the abandoned, ivy-covered Sacred Heart Hospital, this place is definitely unique.  It's small, in a basement, and crowded.  And since it's so popular, it's very loud for that matter too: conversations are near impossible.  If you want a terrifying experience, try visiting the bathrooms alone.   Service is slow.  Glacial.  I think it's to encourage you to order more beer. The beer selection and beer prices are pretty good, which I suspect is what makes this place so popular.  It's also pretty trendy, and I suppose it makes you look cool to know about this place, since it's pretty well hidden.  My advice?  Get your pizza somewhere else, skip O'zone, and visit Et Cafe for some awesome coffee next door instead.
The only thing that keeps me from giving this place a full five stars is sometimes it's pretty busy and rather hectic...you might have a wait a while sometimes but it's worth it. I've never had anything there I didn't like...who ever they have working in the back cranking out pies is a genius. You know what the secret ingredient is? Love. If you're a vegetarian, no worries. They have several sans meat pizzas that even this carnivore would devour. Not to mention you can always make your own. (I suggest feta, garlic cloves, and spinach with pesto sauce FIERCE!) Prices are no problem and drinks are cheap. Not to mention it's a fun place to be, really cool art // vintage posters hang everywhere. Friendly staff that is extremely accommodating, and a back dining room FULL of old school arcade machines. Perfect for parties. I even like the history of the building. The restaurant is actually one of several that all exist in a renovated psychiatric hospital. The entire place looks like a stone castle, and if you happen to make it to the bathroom (very back, take a left, walk down the kinda scary hallway) you might find some other pathways to explore...but I didn't tell you that. All in all, an awesome place, go there!
Whenever we're about to move away, we inevitably stumble across some amazing restaurant  -some place so good we can't believe our rotten luck not finding it until the last minute.  Ozone was that place for us in July 2009. So it was a wonderful surprise to find ourselves living in the area again almost 2 years later*, suddenly able to gorge ourselves regularly on something so delicious, so well done.  It's good not just as Pensacola options go, but the one pizza place I'd pick if I had everywhere we'd ever been stationed to choose from.  Get it while you can. *The "found it too late" that time was the neighborhood just behind Ozone, with its 100 year old houses, old trees, abundant sidewalks, views of the water, a real Montessori school, and fantastic playgrounds every few blocks.
I really wanted to like this place. I had heard of it through numerous websites/people.  Walking into it, it seemed like the perfect location for a pizza bar.  It is really cool to hang out in, the basement of an old hospital.  The atmosphere is definitely one I want to eat pizza and drink a beer in. They are family friendly, but what I liked about it was they shoved all the families with kids in the back room.  That's fine with me!   Unfortunately we came here to have some pizza.  Like other reviewers not from this area, we are learning to lower our expectations of food in this area.  I was expecting better, but as our pizza arrived, we realized we would have been better just ordering from a chain place.  It's comparable to Mellow Mushroom and Pizza Hut - neither is what I consider good pizza.   It's probably the Jersey girl in me, but I just can't bend when it comes to good pizza.  I guess I'll continue making pizza at home. Although the pizza didn't hit the mark, we REALLY enjoyed the pesto sampler appetizer.  We had to order extra flat bread, which didn't arrive until we completely finished our pizza.  Bummer, but we did end up bringing it home. I didn't see any official beer menu, the waitress just showed me the back of her notepad, but they seemed to have a decent selection of craft beers. A 16" pizza shouldn't cost $20.95 either.  Between 1 pizza, pesto sampler, and 1 beer - our bill was $38.00. Ridiculous, especially when it wasn't good. Would I come here again? Probably with some friends for some beer and pest, but I won't be the one suggesting it.
I go there for the atmosphere and the beer. This time, the pizza was the best thing there. Sitting at the bar, there was something wrong with our bartender. It seemed like he was on something. He hadn't gotten us our drinks yet, as we'd just arrived and had been sitting there for two minutes, but he asked us if we were the ones who ordered the Neptune pizza. I asked him three separate times for water, but to no avail. At least he had a smile on his face while he was working though, because the woman who came in after that, the blonde manager, was the most miserable person you've ever seen. And negligent. And argumentative. She hated being there and that was quite clear, which was unfortunate because we came for warm, friendly atmosphere, and she kinda squashed that. I left feeling disrespected.
I'm a big fan of this place.  I went last Saturday with friends. Excellent selection of beers, the regulars (Miller Lite, Yuengling, etc), and some good micro brews I hadn't seen down here. We had the Pesto sampler for an appetizer.  Excellent!  Make sure to order extra flatbread up front though, there's too much pesto for just one order of bread and it takes a few minutes to get more bread.  It's baked to order, so super fresh.  The basil pesto was absolutely awesome, and the red pepper and kalmata olive ones were also good.  I saw a few tables get the artichoke dip that looked really good.  I'll probably order that next time I come. We ordered two pizzas for our table and both were very good.  Crust is chewy and delicious, good sauce, quality cheese and toppings. Our service was fantastic.  Prompt, but not obtrusive, the staff knew their stuff. This place is for sure in my top places in Pensacola now.
This place is really cool. Great service, great atmosphere but I really don't like their pizza. I think it's the dough I don't like.
Order the nachos as an appetizer. It was okay. My husband ordered the hot chick and I order the la blanco. Both very yummy. I ordered two drink. One beer and one  special. The French 75. Very good. Fun building with interesting history.
Updating O'zone Pizza Pub: I am back. Don't ever let it be said that I am unwavering; that I won't give a joint another shot to impress. Last night, I found myself at a 'business' meeting over a Ozone Pie and $2 Margaritas (yes work actually did get done!). My colleague is a long time resident and denizen of O'zone and when we decided to order he mentioned that you can request thin crust and promised that it would be a treat. They will stretch the normal medium dough to accommodate a large pan. I am a big fan of thin crust pizza (oh NYC!) and it has been quite a while since I had one of any merit. The suggestion was spot on. We ordered a modest pie with basil and pepperoni which was deliver unto us with haste. It was perfection, light and crisp and the trilaminar structure was piled with flavor magnificence that belied the minimalist approach. Verdict: Thin crust For The Win. Get yours today! ;)
I'm not from Pensacola and have only spent maybe 36 hours here on a previous trip, so I'm not familiar with the restaurant scene here. I think O'zone is pretty good. I was with 3 other people, and they ended up sharing a crazy large pizza which they seemed to have really enjoyed. I ordered the veggie grinder which was very good. The cream cheese/melted cheese filling was addictive, but it could have had a bit more veggies in it. I'm only giving O'zone 3 stars because the service here is really atrocious. We requested an appetizer (some sort of bruschetta thing was awesome) that took 40 minutes to get to us. In fact, our main entrees were already to us before the appetizer. We also ordered a bottle of wine that took about 20 minutes to get to us. But, I'm guessing that's because most people don't come to O'zone's and order wine. But, yeah, we drink a lot.
Now that I have been to O'zone for both drinks and food, I can safely say that this is my favorite place for both in Pensacola.  Yummy appetizers and pizza (probably the best around here), laid-back pub environment, friendly (not to mention attractive) staff, mid/late -20s crowd, reasonably priced drinks, great music. O'zone is exactly what I look for when I feel like going out for a few drinks, but just want a no-fuss place.  Which is pretty much always so you can imagine how much time I spend here.   I know that Thursday is Ladies night, although I'm not quite sure what the deal is with that ye so I probably have yet another update coming soon...
Ozone is soooo good!  Pizza is the best thing on the menu, but they have other selections as well.  Chewy dough, great choices for toppings, and gooood sauce.  Wait staff is rad and they have an excellent beer selection, both draft and bottled.  You will have to wait a tad for your food... everything is made to order of course, so don't be in a hurry. Also, this is a "no fumar bar", so smokers might not want to hit up Ozone just for the bar, unless of course you don't mind standing in the parking lot to puff. Best deal is ladies night on Thursdays: $3.50 for a personal pizza and half off booze (I think).  Get there early, because it does pack out!
I had the veggie pizza last night for dinner and still enjoyed it for breakfast and for lunch.  There was lots of cheese and the toppings were plentiful.  I highly recommend getting the roasted garlic added in.   Drawbacks - they were out of most kinds of beer (but offered very large $2 margaritas - does someone here know me?)  It was also noisy and our waitress was a little absent-minded.
O'zone is a fantastic pizza joint built in the old Sacred Heart hospital here in Pensacola. The beer and wine list is fantastic! The pizzas are delicious as are the cal zones. They also have a wide and somewhat unique assortment of toppings to choose from. I have never been anywhere that offered cashews as a pizza topping. I haven't tried them on a pizza yet but i wouldn't be opposed to it. The only negative thing I have to say is the service has been so crummy lately. We keep getting the same waitress and the food and drinks take FOREVER to get out. So the beer ends up coming to the table pretty warm. Fortunately, you don't have to worry about your pizza or cal zone getting cold. They stay piping hot for a while.
Had their cheese bread and an Italian Flag pizza today.   Absolutely fabulous!  I loved the seasoning on their cheese bread and the pizza was PERFECT!   It was FREEZING inside though.  Brrrr frickin' brrrr!
Went on a very crowded Monday night. The wait was an hour so we asked to be seated outside. Although, we were basically sitting in the parking lot , it was a nice night. We ordered the Hot chick and the North shore, both were very good. TIP-Monday night is half price large pizza night!!! Our server Katie was fantastic and we plan on going back for more. Just a side bar, the old hospital the restaurant is located in reminds me of The Shinning.
Really good and inventive pizzas. Good beer selection. Cool building. I hesitate to go there if its still run by the lady who drove Madison's into the ground though...
This place is awesome! Not only is the location cool but the service and food is also great. Located in the basement of an old hospital this joint has all the personality in the world :) The pizza we ordered was a vegetarian pizza and it had their house made pesto on it, holy eff was it delightful. I couldn't stop eating it! Had a perfect amount of cheese and veggies on top of the amazing pesto and soft fluffy crust. Our server was really cool, gave us some good beer recommendations(their choices are always changing) and gave great service. I will definitely visit this joint again on our next trip.
Great pizza, try one of the specialties or create your own!
I went in to ask directions and  kill time, it smelled AMAZING! All the food i saw served looked delicious and the female servers were genuine. They have a great beer selection, same with the alcohol. They have soups, salads, hot sandwiches, pizzas, pasta And- gluten free pizza crust as a choice. I cant wait to actually eat there
Even though I really like the atmosphere here, I can't believe Pensacolians think that this is "good" pizza.  It's not even good comfort food. Granted I am a fanatic NY style person, I can still appreciate some cheesy mom and pop recipe, but these hard crusted bland sparsely topped pies just don't deliver.  Go for drinks only, and it's great.
I can't believe I have lived in this town for this long and I've never been to Ozone's. It was a Friday night, and my wife did not feel like cooking, so in the car we go. We actually didn't make a decision on where to go until we got on the road. We could not figure out where to go until my daughter mentions that we have never been to Ozone's Pizza before. FINALLY, everyone agreed so we head in their direction. When we get to the building, my wife gives me a look and says "This looks like a hipster restaurant". While I do agree with that statement, the food was quite delicious. The restaurant's décor is the opposite of what you expect at Tuscan Oven. They are definitely not going for the stereotypical pizza parlor look. My biggest complaint was the restroom. They were kind of unclean. That is my biggest fear about restaurants. If their restroom is not clean, I just don't feel comfortable in the same building. Now onto the food - the pizza was good, but we didn't feel like it was quite up to our expectations. We feel like the Tuscan Oven does a better job with the crust. The service was OK, but not great. Our waitress service was very sporadic, and we had to call her to our table several times for drink refills.
It's like the Cheers of Pensacola. Friendly, hip wait staff, GREAT PIZZA. Very interesting and unique combos - try the Ponderosa Stomp (bbq chicken but better). Mondays are half off larges!
Good beer taps, decent atmosphere, TERRIBLE pizza.  When I moved to PCola, several people I know told me I had to go to Ozone - "it's amazing!"  they said.  I've been to Ozone several times now both to eat and drink, hoping to figure out what they were talking about.  On the positive side, Ozone does have a great list of unique beer taps that changes often, and they serve their beers in European size (18 oz) pints.  If you just want to drink, it's a good spot.  The atmosphere is ok - the location in the basement of the old hospital is cozy, if a bit loud when it gets busy.  Unfortunately, for a dedicated pizza joint... the pizza is awful.  I wish I could be kinder, but it's probably some of the worst pizza I've ever had.  I think the specific problem is the crust.  It seems quite obvious they don't make it in-house, and word on the street is that they buy their crust in bulk... from Costco.  (eek!)  Honestly, whether that's true or not doesn't matter, because the crust is terrible no matter how they get it.  Add to the boring frozen crust some weak sauces and uninspired toppings that are inconsistently applied, and you have terrible pizza.  I dislike the pizza so much that just the other night when group discussion at a house party turned to ordering pizza and Ozone came up, I said that I would pay for the pizza all myself rather than order Ozone.  We ordered Papa John's instead. Bottom line, don't bother with Ozone.  I simply can't understand why it's so popular and busy with such terrible pizza.  If you want excellent food AND great beer and wine, I strongly recommend you park in Ozone's parking lot and go right next door to "The Yard," a new spot that serves some of the best damn tamales (and other Mexican and South American fare) that I've ever had.
Oh yeah!!! This is the best pizza I've had in Pensacola. They also have a huge beer selection and a great atmosphere.
Best pizza in Pensacola. Tons of tasty micro-brew beer on tap.
Great beer, good pie. Would love to see some cold subs/hoagies added to the menu as the hot sandwiches are too heavily breaded. Cool place, please go and check it out, you'll like it.
The pizza was just ok...it was between Papa Johns and Mellow Mushroom. I'm no pizza snob, but the crust left much to be desired. Ambience was good, dimly lit with 3 adjacent dining areas. They have a 3 table room in the back for families with kids. The restroom facilities were disgusting. For a local spot and Ok pizza, I give it two stars.
Top Pizza option in Pensacola!  Great atmosphere in basement of old Sacred Heart Hospital.    Good prices and beers on tap.
Best pizza in town, Hands down!! doesn't need a special crust or any gimmicks. Try the nutty idea!! U will be amazed.
The Female bartender was a bit rude.
Ozone has a really good atmosphere. But their pizza has a little to be worked. The cheese dough were nice. The tomato sauce needed some work. The sauce itself was too sweet. If you want some good pizza in the area, try Santinos. They also have some great sandwiches!!!
This is my favorite pizza place, by far. You sometimes have a little bit of a wait, but it's so worth it. The crust is amazing. It's just the right thickness, chewy in the middle, with a lovely crispy layer on the outside. If you opt for the "pick your own toppings" option, try out cream cheese, cashews, spinach, and roasted garlic. I sounds weird, but it's amazing. They also have awesome drink prices. $3 beers? Sign me up.
Love the atmosphere, the pizza is solid. Employees are real nice.
The food at my entire table was raved about, though I have heard that they sometimes have off nights.  The service was pretty good even if the food was a little slow, but our waiter was good humored and consistently checked back to refill our drinks.  The atmosphere is great, and the thing that makes O'zone really worth the trip rather than ordering delivery.  If you're looking for fast, professional service go somewhere else.  If you're looking to have a good time with friends and a little adventure, start with O'zone.
Great food. I love that they offer vegan options. They use Daiya vegan "cheese," which is the best I've tasted thus far. Their pizzas are great especially when they have special deals!! This place blows mellow mushroom out of the park. The atmosphere is low key and fun.
Being from Europe and very picky about Mediterranean pizza (Italian/French mostly), this is by far the best pizza I've had in the US, and we've tried pizza in New York and California at a lot of places, but this one is truly equal to the Mediterranean style. I guess a lot of reviewers that are on here are used to crappy American style take-out pizza (K.S.'s review, Papa Johns hah) and are not even familiar with what true pizza should taste like. Great pizza/beer/atmosphere, what more could you want.
Best Pizza Intown. Half off Larges on Mondays. Very Cool Atmosphere
O'Zone is a great pizza place with a Cheers meets creepy old building feel out of the hustle and bustle of the main downtown areas. With TONS of beers to choose from, amazing pizzas (recommend the Pub Pie or Hawaiian) and great wait staff this is in the top two of places to go for pizza in Pcola. It's great from groups of all sizes and they seem to always be able to seat you almost immediately. It's also great for take-out if you're looking to take it home to watch the game.
Monday and Thursday they have great deals, and it's super busy.  So, you might not get the best service experience on these nights.  Lots of quality beer choices, not cheap, though they do offer lesser quality beers on special consistently. However, the pizza is yummilicious.  I don't come here often, but when I do, I'm reminded of why. Pies are priced reasonable even on non-special nights given the ingredients and quality involved.  A recent pizza special featured oyster mushrooms, shaka marinated steak, cream reduction, sauteed onions, tomato, spinach and mozz/parm cheeses.  Tremendously amazing. And you can never go wrong with the Ponderosa, with bbq chx, must add the cream cheese and jalapenos.  I could write a novel about several of the other offerings, but just go check it out.  They have some appys and sandwiches too. Also, appreciate the salad-as-a-meal offerings, including the shaka steak salad, which was a favorite menu item at Madison's, the now closed restaurant that used to exist next door to Ozone in "the Castle."  Speaking of which, the location is the old Sacred Heart Hospital building on 12th avenue, which is a unique venue  that houses some other neat businesses, from archeology to advertising to beauty salon.  A great place if you're looking for "outside of the box" pizza.
