My new husband and I had a couple's massage here during our honeymoon. Just scheduling the appointment was relaxing the lady who answered the phone had such a soothing voice.  The place is small but worth every penny.  The entire ambience is soothing and relaxing.  As you fill out paperwork the staff offers mimosas, water, or tea.  You change into very plush robes and wait in the relaxing room until the therapist comes to get you.  The massage was absolutely wonderful! I always have tension in my neck and shoulders!  Not today!  Gone!
This place was small but nice. They were able to fit my friend and I in for massages at the last minute. My masseuse--I forget her name--listened to my needs and really worked hard on the knots in my back. Prices were reasonable, plus they offered a glass of champagne after the massage! My only (minor) complaint was the music kept going in and out during my massage.
I went to Still waters for a birthday present and was given the package. From the beginning it was very pleasant and relaxing. The initial massage was decent, but I've had better, but I wasn't expecting deep tissue therapeutic quality. The facial was wonderful, and refreshing, and my face felt like a million bucks after. The manicure and pedicure was lovely, a nice end to the day - punctuated by a lovely, light lunch. Overall, the experience was pleasant, relaxing and enjoyable. I particularly enjoyed the cucumber water, hot tea and dried fruit snacks between each service.
I got the full body massage, the gentleman who massaged me asked if I had headaches a lot, I do.. So he focused more on my upper body. I told him with my job and all, my lower back is what hurts the most, he said he'll get to it.. He did.. Eventually.. and it was amazing for about 4minutes haha then the session was over. I would have enjoyed my time there more if he had broken up the time more to actually massage my WHOLE body. I will be back but next time I will be expecting what I'm paying for and I will not hesitate to be more assertive. Service was wonderful, it really was. Pleasant people.
best deep tissue massage ive ever had. only minus is the train coming through. not very relaxing.
This Spa was absolutely fantastic! It's a small little place but it seems they have thought of every detail. Me and My Partner Scheduled a couples massage a week in advance before we came down for our vacation. The Lady I spoke to on the phone was extremely nice and was not rushed to answer any of my questions that I had. Upon entering the Spa the day of our appointment we were greeted with friendly faces. We had to fill out a quick medical information form then we were taken back to the changing area where we were handed two mimosa, a very nice robe and slippers to change into. We then went into the waiting area where they had nice tranquil music playing and a huge water wall. The chairs were very comfortable, lights were low. It was nice to relax and unwind before we got a massage. We were then greeted by both of the people who were giving us our massages. The guy who massaged me asked a lot of questions about my needs and what areas he should focus on. As this was my first massage ever he seemed thrilled that he got to be the person to do it. Throughout the entire massage I was asked if the pressure was OK. He was very lightly spoken which was great because it was very relaxing. They had again the nice music playing, the oils/lotions they used were really awesome and not greasy. He did a full body massage. He could tell that I was very ticklish on my feet and legs so he went to focus on other areas. He didn't make a big deal about it. He seemed to be open to anything I had to say and made me feel very comfortable and relaxed as this again was my first time. after the massage we went back to the waiting area where they asked us questions and if everything was OK. They handed us some cucumber water and told us to drink lots of fluids to flush the toxins. They allowed us to take our time and relax back in the waiting area for as long as we liked. When we were back at the front to check out the young lady was VERY friendly. We asked her about places to eat/coffee shops and she wrote a nice list down for us! HUGE PLUS! I highly recommend this Spa. We will defiantly be back next year on our vacation. It was the perfect thing de-stress at the beginning of a 7 day vacation.
A great spa getaway! Very relaxing, friendly and knowledgeable staff. Maryanne does amazing age management services!
Wonderful people and services.
My husband was kind enough to surprise me with a body massage here to try and get me to relax after our stressful trip to see my family. My massage lady was incredibly sweet and friendly but I wasn't really impressed with the massage over all- except for the foot and leg massage. That part was awesome. I'd probably look elsewhere for something more my style for spa treatments though.
How nice this place is inside, they offer tea, cucumber water, nuts, seeds and dried fruit in a comfy waiting room. I had a Classic Aroma Therapy Massage for 55min and it was lovely.  I had mentioned to my lady that I get frequent headaches (think 5-7 times a week) something I had mentioned to all 10 of my massage therapists prior to her, while giving my massage she had asked if I had ever tried aromatherapy.  I have not which is a surprise because I usually know/try everything about anything there is too try.  But I didn't, I really didn't know what aromatherapy was used for but now it makes sense as she started on my head neck and shoulders with some eucalyptus smell I felt relaxed and my 5 day chronic headache started to melt away.   Don't worry she wasn't trying to sell a bunch of aromatherapy products and I wouldn't mention it if I thought it was a hoax.  I purchased a vial of their get well potion for $25 bought a oil warmer from Wal-Mart for $3 and a gel eye pack for $4.  I am  now sitting here while it burns feeling so relaxed...............  I need to find a wave, beach Soundtrack App on my iPhone so I can really drift far far away ;) Also she ( I say she because I cant remember her name! oh heavens, she has a star tattoo on her hand ) recommended i take a pillow fold it in half and place it in between my legs while sleeping on my side to relieve tension.   Dont for get to use your 15% off coupon that Yelp offers, also check out their website for more offers!
Booked a couples massage and this place was very nice.  Updated facilites with very nice bath products in their changing rooms.  Therapists were friendly and casual, massage was relaxing.  It wasn't the best massage I've ever had (I like a little more pressure and knot working), but it was relaxing and a nice vacation activity.   Price was in line with what I expected, and the facilties were fancier than expected.
The spa is beautiful and the waiting room is relaxing and great. I love the slippers and robes they give you to wear, and I had my first glass of cucumber water which was surprisingly tasty. I had a not so enjoyable experience when I went and I did not know how to deal with it because my husband(Boyfriend at the time) paid for my appointment ahead of time. My deep tissue massage felt like by 3yr old niece gave it to me. At the time (years ago) I had never had a deep tissue before, so silly me thought O well maybe that is how a deep tissue works, they use light pressure but massage in a certain way so that the muscles are being reached??? It made no since to me and recently I had a REAL deep tissue and I was blown away by how terrible the one I got at Still Waters truly was. The Therapist smelt like cigarettes and she grunted the entire time, but my husband already paid the tip when he set the appointment up so she got 30+ dollars for the worst massage ever and I felt awkward about saying they should put that money back on his card this stunk (literally) lol. (.I also kinda felt like it would be an unintentional slap in his face..so :( ...)... I have heard that since my massage experience the lady who performed my massage was relieved of duty so no chance any of you will have her work on you, however I was baffled to learn that the massage was really as terrible as I thought it was and now I know better!   Other than the Massage Therapist the venue was great and the rest of the staff was friendly, my massage was just below standard.
The Massage was really quite good. The setup is very nice - the use of scents while your face down must be a FL thing because I've only seen it here - keeps the nose clear. The masseuse knew what she was doing but still needs a little while longer to truly perfect the art. The do try to push products after I was done which I find annoying. The spa area is really nice too the offer tea and snacks at the lounge.    The pedicure. It was my first ever and I'm a guy. Well it was interesting. Not with $60 and was supposed to last 60 min but we were done in 45.
I've only been here once but loved my spa visit! I went with the Microdermabrasion treatment. The staff was friendly and everything was very clean. Although I suggest the alacart treatments if you're just wanting to try it out. If they still offer it, get on their email list if you want updates on specials they're running that week!
I'm starting to become a regular client here I enjoy it so much. Very relaxing experience each time, the waiting room is so soothing and a perfect start before your service. I've had a facial, a few massages, and a full mani/pedi and can't complain about any of them. It's a little pricier than I would like, and the parking lot can get rather full at times especially later in the day (the only reason I rated it down).
I went in today for a mani and pedi. I was really happy with the quality of service they offer beverages and snacks. I wish I lived near here so I could come back for more of their other services.
