Not from Pensacola, currently stationed here and needed to get my hair fixed after boot camp. Was really happy with the atmosphere loved the music and everyone was really nice. My haircut turned out great. Hailey did exactly what I had asked for which was just to get my hair evenly cut and styled. Loved all the davines products too. Had never used them before and left with a curly hair serum that I absolutely loved. And they give military discount! Will definitely be back before I leave here.
The girl I had was very unfriendly (B). Maybe she was having a bad day, but it looked liked she rolled out if bed and acted like she hasn't had her morning coffee yet. I liked my hair when she finished. After I washed it and let it dry at home, I noticed that the layers were very obvious! She didn't even try to blend them and they were cut in huge chunks! It looks terrible. I will not return. I have to find a salon now who can my problem and have it cut really short.
Worth every penny. My hair was in terrible shape and I really wanted an edgy new do- London W1 was perfect. Georgie and the owner, Billie, had conferred when I sent pictures and were ready for me. Georgie not only listened to what I wanted but discussed as she worked and the result is perfect. It was a little pricey but my hair is awesome, and I have never left a salon being told to wear it for a week and call if there is anything I find I don't like. The customer service alone (although the head massage, hand massage, hot coffee and cold wine were lovely touches!) is priceless.
So get this. My girlfriend needed a haircut. She needed to chop off like, eight inches. But people don't review hair salons very often, and if they do review them, the reviews usually suck, so we came to Yelp and came up with this London W1 place. I figure I'd review it and try to help out my review karma. The atmosphere was very pleasant. A few of the girls seemed typical and snooty, but we got a really nice one named Grace. She was awesome. She kept the casual conversation going all throughout the hour-long haircut, unlike the terrible job the stylist next to us was doing. If you're going to go here, make sure you get Grace. The only reason I've given this place three stars is because at the end of the day, my girlfriend said one side of her hair was longer than the other, and she didn't like that, but heck, I couldn't tell any difference.
This place is the best for haircuts! Super professional and friendly. They fixed my disaster of a haircut and it looks so much better now!
I just had my HAIR DONE t London W1, downtown Pensacola FL, and ..all I can say:HANDS DOWN!!! VERY VERY HAPPY WITH THE RESULTS. John is attentive and with the experience and professionalism, got me to where I wanted to be. The salon looks really new, nice and clean, decorated with style and taste. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!! I will be going back!!!
Great service. A little pricey but worth it, and they give a military discount.
London W1 is by far my favorite salon that I have ever been to (and I've lived in Washington D.C., Denver, and Paris, France). Despite the fact that I am obsessed with Aveda and their deliciously-scented products, the level of professionalism and skill at London W1 is unrivaled in the Pensacola area. I have long, straight hair and always have a hard time styling it, and Christa was very attentive in listening to my haircare and styling needs. By the end of my haircut I left very satisfied and now find myself making excuses for reasons to go back in again (they also offer manicures and facials)! I have recommended London W1 to all of my friends and am so happy that they are here!
