This Macy's is three levels of awesomeness. I went to their rug department and the man there was super sweet and informational. This macys is wayyyyy better than the one at destiny usa
While trying to do an even exchange of three shirts with a receipt I was told it would be an additional charge of $8.35.  It was only a couple of days ago.  The signs on the table had not changed.  The salesman said that maybe my wife used a coupon or that there was another sale that day.  This is where it gets interesting.   After a long delay, I asked for a manager.  He said "If you would just be patient I was going to give you a price adjustment."   I said, "You just told me it was additional $8.35 and that the register changes every day.  I apologize for be impatient." Still with a terrible attitude he asked if he should get a manager. "No, not if you can fix it." Still with a attitude, "Do you want to get a manager? Now I want to see a manager for his terrible disposition."Call him!" Salesman gets on the phone, dials...waiting ...waiting...nothing!!! I said "If you can fix this just get me out.
Macy's is what Macy's is - you can call it overpriced, you can call it tacky - any of those can apply. But, Macy's also has some pretty great things too. When Macy's has a sale - you can get some things for quite the steal. My main point here is - if you are going to go to a Macy's in this area, there is no comparison between Colonie Center and Crossgates....you must go to the Colonie Center location. This location is far more organized, better set-up, and I have found staff to be far more helpful in this location than in the other mall.
Abraham is a freakin' rock star.  I don't know what else to say.  He took what could have been an incredibly horrible experience and made it only reasonably awful.  All I wanted was my mixer.  My beautiful, wonderful, perfect Kitchen-Aid mixer. When I initially established my Macy*s wedding registry, I told the representative (not Abraham) to like the Star Rewards to my husband's card, not mine (which was closed for non-use).  She said she did.  I called the next day to verify that (a) they linked his card, not mine and (b) they had the right address.  Fast-forward to the six weeks after the wedding:  The star rewards card never arrived.  I had to call to request a new one, because they mailed it to the wrong address. Then, when I finally got my card, I was so excited, I drove straight to Colonie Center.  I went upstairs, found the display - and couldn't find my mixer.  No worries.  Abraham found it for me.  It was 20% off.  He also let me know that Kitchen-Aid was doing a $50 rebate with the mixers and gave me the forms.  Then, he tried to run my gift card.  The gift card I wanted 7 weeks for, that was sent to the wrong address.  That gift card that didn't actually work when I tried to use it. Yes, that gift card. Anyway, Abraham waited with me.  For 45 minutes.  Yes, really.  He was patient.  He stood there, chatting and entertaining me while the gift card people kept putting me on hold.  And when their solution to my problem was to keep transferring me back into the queue in hopes that I would get sick of waiting and hang up, he called his manager, Peter.  Peter is also awesome.  He called the gift card people for me, found out what was wrong and figured out how to process the transaction for me.  All while I was still on hold.  And now, finally, I have a mixer.  And it was good.   Oh, and on my way out, the woman at the perfume counter ran over to open the doors for me and help me out. That was a nice touch.  I appreciated it. Yes, some stuff at Macy*s is expensive.  But they have really good sales, and excellent salespeople and that is why I go back. Excuse me, I have to go make ice cream.
Full of tacky and overpriced garbage. The buyer for this Macy's ought to be fired. It's insane that Macy's is still in business with their god-awful sales: their patrons think 20%-off the Ralph Lauren stuff is a treat (it's often excluded from sales), but you can get it all (and better RL stuff) on their website for 50%-off or more. And besides a few staples like the sweaters and some polos, the RL Polo selection is pretty mediocre here, too. The men's shoe selection is full of cheap plasticky monstrosities, and I don't want to talk about it anymore.
I love you.   I love your coupons. I love your shoe department.   I love your ladies suit department.   I love your cocktail dress collection.   I love you.   I hate your parking lot.  No one needs that many handicapped spots.  Please.
Last year I was going to a wedding in Madison, WI, and needed a garment bag to carry my suit in.  I went to Macy's, and was helped by a very nice gentleman in the luggage dept.  I don't remember his name, but he explained all my options, and I picked the garment bag that suited my needs. I used the bag, and it worked fine.  Last week I was flying and needed my suit, and used it again.  Unfortunately, this time the bag ripped on the seam.  Knowing it was past my 6 mo., I was questioning if I would be allowed to return it.  We brought it back, and the same gentleman was working.  He said it was no problem at all to return it, and we were able to get a different product.  He was very knowledgeable and helpful. Besides this experience, I have always had good experiences at this Macy's.  There are always sales, and I tend to find the quality of the merchandise better than at Crossgates.
Hurry! Last 2-day sale this week plus special preview day! This is, IMO, the best Macy's in the Mid-to-Upper Hudson Valley in terms of inventory, especially clothes. Once in a while I've gotten some good deals on men's clothing, especially their own Club Room brand.  But Macy's in general disappoints me in many ways. I got tired of, in the past, their tiered credit card/rewards system. I've been "burned" by sales in which a clerk has said something like "Oh, this isn't on sale because the price ends in an 8 instead of a 9 so it's an everyday value instead of a sale item, so that discount doesn't apply." I'm not interested in "cologne ladies" at the cosmetics counter trying desperately to hand you cologne scent cards, only to tell you, "I'm sorry I don't work here" when you ask a question - though the actual employees here really do work hard to give you customer satisfaction. But what boils down to is that for the type of items I usually buy, I can very often get competitive/better prices elsewhere. My most recent best deal on a suit was at Boscov's, specifically because they carried fitted suits. For many of the other clothes and housewares items I might typically buy, I tend to get competitive/better deals at places like Kohl's or Bed, Bath & Beyond, especially with their "No exceptions" coupons. It doesn't mean I won't shop here; it means I'll be very particular about what I buy here.
I completely agree with Lai-Yee: this is the "good Macy's" in comparison to the one in Crossgates. My review is for the Macy's women's shoe department and in particular, Ed, the most amazing shoe salesman ever.  While living in Albany, I exclusively bought my shoes from Ed.  He epitomizes what every salesperson should aspire to be: courteous, friendly, polite, helpful, and accommodating.   When you work with Ed, he takes care of you.  He makes sure that you're happy and won't let you buy anything that you're not completely satisfied with.  Also, he also does whatever he can to get you the best price on the shoes, sometimes he even supplies the coupons for you!  He's saved me hundreds of dollars and made me a loyal customer.  He repaid my loyalty by learning my style and my shoe size.  Since I used to go in frequently (when I lived in the area), he would put shoes aside in my size if he thought I would like them so I could be sure to have them if I wanted them.  AWESOME! Although I left Albany 3 years ago, whenever I'm back in the area, I cruise through to see what Ed has in stock and he still remembers me (and my shoe size!) and treats me like gold.  He's Macy's best asset!
Macy's is a class act Dept. Store with the best quality of everything. The workers are what make MACY'S  have MAGIC.
I have had amazing luck at this Macy's in Colonie Center, particularly in the shoe department. On my first visit here, I fell in love with an adorable pair of brown boots. The friendly gentleman who helped me out convinced me to sign up for a Macy's card, so that I could receive a discount on the boots. Upon signing up for the card, I received an additional discount because I had to purchase the pair that were being used as the floor model, as they didn't have any more size 6 boots in stock. What should've cost $45 ended up being around $25....I was more than satisfied with this purchase (especially because three years later, I still wear those boots!). I visited the shoe department again a few months later, as I had received a 25% off coupon in the mail. A pair of black oxford heels caught my attention, and once again, I had purchased the very last pair in size 6, which was also the floor model. So, I got an additional discount yet again, bringing the cost of the heels down from around $50 to approximately $32. Lucky for me, the shoes that stores display on their shelves are almost always size 6, and fits me perfectly. It pays to have small feet!
Oh my. This is the "good Macy's" in comparison to Crossgates Mall Macy's. It is well stocked with designer, junior, men, kitchen and other sections. There is a lot of choice, and on a good week they're running a sale with 30%+ off items. The staff are a tad on the snooty side (look, I love dressing up too, but I don't go around with my nose in the air because I'm wearing heels or a fancy tie), but overall fairly helpful if they are free. If they are busy, they can get overwhelmed and just plain rude. I overheard a woman asking an employee when she would be able to help her (since all employees were busy) because she wanted to buy something. The employee said "MA'AM. I'm WITH a CUSTOMER right now." like it was a huge inconvenience this woman wanted to buy something and give the woman a comission (it was at the jewelry dept). I never get why an employee would be so rude to someone trying to buy something from the store, instead of saying "I'm sorry, I'm helping another customer right now. If you will give me just a few minutes I will be able to help you".  PS - the woman was upset. She was asking when she could be helped and had no problem waiting, not demanding to buy something right that moment and certainly not expecting to be told off for asking a question. Expect a good sale at Macy's. Don't expect to find too many bargains on their clearance racks. They are teensy, picked over and often times falling apart.
OneStarAlert!!!  Special shout-out to the lady-like I believe salesman @the Chanel counter... YOU put the icing on the cake when asked one simple question you managed to be everything but professional, accommodating, and customer service friendly :-)  Instead, YOU chose to do a Great job at being a terrible representation for Chanel (a supposedly very classy brand and company).  I thought I'd buy a few lip and eye colors, but it's like why bother???!!!???  You made me realize that Chanel has really taken a step back!  Also, you are making your boss look bad (very nice and professional young lady).  After speaking with her, I know she taught you better than that and secret shoppers are on the rise, so be careful.  Don't get caught slipping up with being rude and unprofessional because at the end of the day, the value of the Macy's stock inventory is based on the $$$ spent not anything else.  As for the rest of the store, everyone else was amazing, no complaints ;-)
I'm, primarily, an online shopper but when I'm in the Albany area, I always stop into the Macy*s at Colonie Center.  It is the only Macy*s I can find a good selection of Petite business wear.  And they usually have a good selection of costume jewelry on the ground floor.  If you go during the week, there is an older woman who's been manning the counter for years.  She is the epitome of customer service and always makes my shopping experience wonderful!
Best one in the area, wife comes here from New Hampshire regularly.
