Ok I am in Pensacola for work and needed to kill some time. I found this place because it was one of two places open on a Sunday. When you walk in, the atmosphere makes it look like a bar instead of a nail salon. The woman at the front desk was very nice and directed me to my manicurist. I walk back and Fu was my guy. Let me tell you...this man is nothing short of phenomenal! He takes his time and he's the epitome of a perfectionist. (He said he doesn't like polish on skin so we have an understanding that it goes just on the nail) i got the gel for the very first time and it is flawless. Only downside-I wish he was in Texas :-/
I gave them a three out of five because the good did outweigh the bad, but not by much. I went in because I was wasting time before my flight. I had peeled off the gel from my manicure on one nail so I figured I'd go and get all the gel removed and just get them painted again. A pedicure didn't hurt either. It was time. When you walk in, it is a breath-taking experience. You are immediately greeted and seated with your technician. Prices are not found in the establishment though. I only saw the price of my pedicure bc I was asked to choose which level of pedicure I desired. The price is on the list. The massage chair worked well and my technician worked quickly and skillfully. It wasn't until the gel removal was I disappointed. First, he was attempting to remove the polish too quickly and he used so much acetone that it was spewing out of the foil. He wouldn't let the acetone soak so he had to scrap and reapply over and over to get the gel completely removed but I can still see it on my nail...  I told him that I bleed easily and he barely cut my cuticles...  When he painted everything seemed ok. But as I was checking my nails after paying (and tipping), I noticed the defects and wished I hadn't tipped so much... This place is an awesome nail shop but the technician I used could have done better. I would also ask for a menu. The technician is not going to break down the prices on your receipt. Lesson learned for me. I probably won't go back.
My Sister and i are visiting from out of town. This place is wonderful, very professional. The atmosphere is so relaxing. FU and Jenny took great care of our mani pedi. Hai the manager is super cool. With his management skills i see why this business is so profitable. Keep up the great work!
Found this place via Yelp and it was my first stop after getting off the plane in Pensacola. Really convenient if you are flying into Pensacola, it is less than ten minutes away from the airport. This kicked off my "Day of Relaxation" with a mani/pedi and it did not disappoint. I can't stand nail places that have bright florescent lights and bootleg movies or day time talk shows blaring from the TV. None of those things put me in a state of relaxation..lol. "The Nail Lounge had none of those things. What they did have was nice soft lighting, complimentary champagne, wine, bottled water and soda, friendly staff,a clean facility and competent nail techs. The prices were average. I definitely recommend "The Nail Lounge" and if I am ever in Pensacola again this will be one of my first stops!
My partner and I both got a mani/pedi today here. First - this is really a great place. Nice staff. Great atmosphere. Professional and attentive. Second - I had Nina and I highly recommend her. There's a certain candor she brings, polite.. Soft spoken.. Always smiling and has an innate ability to gently and efficiently do her job, very very well. There's something to be said about someone that can be kind in touch and attentive and determined in detail. I really had a 5 star day today- if I came back I would request her again and again. Her experience speaks for itself. Third - my partner was cared for by Jenny. I got to watch her perform the pedi.. And when I went to say hi during the mani my partner was all smiles. This is the person you want to take care of you if you want a positive boost while someone performs with the skill of a perfectionist. It's hard to describe how someone can make you feel good and look great at the same time, she's the professional that keeps you coming back with great customer service and excellent technique. So this place is busy, and for good reason. Get an appointment and enjoy.
Linda rocks. Great ambience.
The main thing I need out of a nail place is for my polish to last as long as possible. Typically I can go about 3-4 days and then it chips. My manicure courtesy of the Nail Lounge is on its 7th day now and now a chip to be found! The idea of the Nail Lounge is that you come for the complete experience. The moment you walk in you are offered a glass of wine or champagne to wait at the bar. The chairs are quality. The stations are super clean. I would have totally given 5 stars, but the front desk girl tried to give me a drink with lipstick all over the glass. When I told her the glass was dirty, she tried to wipe it off with her finger. Uh...no. New glass please! Overall, I was super impressed with all of the work being done and if I lived in town I would definitely be back on a regular basis.
I went and read all of the reviews including the ones that are filtered for this place.  I have to agree with the rude receptionist, door greeter, what ever you want to call her.  I usual don't pay mind to rudeness I actually think its funny, but this girl, 24 hours later I still,  want to deck her. Aside from that I really liked it inside looks fancy, new everything just how I like it.  In the middle of the pedicure chair area they have a round table with different flavors and colors of leg scrub.  I got a pedicure two days ago at another salon and I want to go to the nail lounge and redo it just so I can pick a flavor and get my feet paraffin waxed!
Very nice atmosphere, promptly greeted and given a free pop. Hai did a great job on my toes, but meh on my hands. Convinced me to get the gel-schlack-thing. Cost WAY more than I had anticipated for the mani/pedi/gel nails. Pretty unhappy about that. The receptionist made Hai an appointment only 45 minutes from when I showed up (mind you, this is a mani/pedi we're talking about), so I got handed off to someone else. Hai profusely apologized and said if I had any problems with them to come back in and he'll fix them. Still too expensive, though.
Awesome nail place... Mikki is the best!  I am a devout shellac mani person, and I used to have to go every 2 weeks like clockwork.  However, Mikki does such a good job I can usually go every 3 weeks without any chips!   They also serve red and white wine, soda, and water which is a huge bonus!
Leila was amazing. My nails are beautiful. She took her time and kept a smile on her face, it was relaxing and a comfortable atmosphere with good tunes. I will be going back next time to enjoy a cold moscato and Leila again!
I must say I really loved this place! Been away from Pensacola for two months and cannot find any place that compares to this salon. This place always did a great job on my pedicures. They have different kinds of scents to add with your pedicure that help with physically ailments too. Decor is very upscale and the people in there are super nice. Hands down the best place for nails in the city. Not to mention you can drink wine while you wait. I always got the pedi that included the wine. Very relaxing experience! Had an eyebrow wax right before I left and they did a great job on that too!
This place was great! Nice decor, comfortable massage chairs, friendly staff (especially Amanda at the front desk). I paid for the deluxe pedicure and at times it seemed like she was rubbing random creams on my legs just to take up time but overall it was nice. $47 seemed a tad on the steep side for a pedicure (the basic pedicure is only $27) but they gave me a complementary glass of champagne and the warm paraffin bags they put on your feet are fantastic. Would return, would recommend.
This place is great. Came here with a wedding party over the weekend. Love that they have a bar!! Everyone was so nice, and my tech did a great job. My nails and toes still look great! Will definitely return if I'm in the Pensacola area again.
Friendly staff, great pricing and service, awesome polish selection . The beverage selection doesn't hurt either!
The Nail Lounge has been my nail salon for years now. I have seen many great nail artist there and have always been in good care. I always stick to someone amazing once i have found them. I have seen Jenny the owner who I love, also Nancy at the Pensacola location. Recently I saw a girl named Cho in a rush to have them done. To my surprise she was THE BEST! She gave me a full consult and made sure what I wanted and was best for my nails. They have held up amazing, look so great. I love everyone there...but i have found my new girl : ) I do recommend the Nail Lounge to all.
Davis is awesome! My nails and toes look great, the best pedi and mani I've had in a while!
Lots of shellac color choices, nice atmosphere.
First time here, but not overly impressed. There are quite a few nice places in Pensacola to get pampered so I can cross this one off my list. It was clean but a little cramped. It had a fun-ish trendy feel and they offer wine to their guests. That is nice. The girl who performed my pedicure was a little rough, mostly how she thrust my feet in and out of the water, to and fro for filing, buffing, etc. It was like I was an annoyance but she didn't seem irritated, so that was just her manner. The massage was perfunctory and the hot wax barley covered the bottoms of my feet. I opted for the Napa Pedicure, seemed like the most luxuriant and I love getting those leg and feet massages. The scrub was a bit irritating to my skin on m legs, I had shaved my legs yesterday so next time I'll wait before getting a pedicure - the stinging of the salt scrub really detracts from the massage. Also, I chose a pretty color and the girl noted that it would go on very sheer, so she recommended using a base color so it would show up. I agreed, but she just switched the colors and put something else on me. I thought it was the base coat and after I dried I noticed she never put on the pretty sheer color I asked for. Meh, no biggy but just chalk it up to a perfectly adequate experience. Also, no military discount, not a huge deal, but there are many places in this military town that do offer one, so I'll go elsewhere next time.
Quite nice! Way classier than the competition. My technician was a little rough with my cuticles, but I'll forgive him. I'll definitely be a repeat customer.
Just had my nails done here after having read about it on Yelp and I will not only be going back but recommending it to everyone! Sarah at the front desk is so sweet and cordial along with the rest of the staff.
For a native californian- who has gone to the same STELLAR nail lady for the past 10 years... I can say that this was a close second! My nails and toes look great...  all of the nail technicians that worked with me were personable and eager to make my experience the best it could be.  This place offers a variety of services and have ample selections within each department.  Meaning they offer a number of different pedicures, manicures, waxing services, and more.   This is also the only nail spa that I've even been to that has an in house "bar" where they serve refreshments, beer, and wine, making the experience all the better! They have great pedicure chairs and even have private pedicure rooms, which would be great for couples or small parties! My overall experience was just what I needed in the relaxation department. The only suggestion I have is that they switch to using hard wax- because their wax left me with some scabbing, which I have not experienced using the hard wax- it's also less painful and more effective for certain sensitive areas :) Otherwise, this experience and nail spa, so far, has been one of the few redeeming aspects of Pensacola!   Great job ladies and gentlemen!
Hands down, the best nail place i know!
Being a  military spouse I move around and I'm always so happy to find a clean nail salon!  They did a wonderful job on my shellac!  My sister and I both went and received great customer service.  I appreciate that they made an effort to create conversation.  The shellac lasted the full 14 days.
The Nail Lounge is Awesome! It's friendly, relaxing atmosphere is just what I need.  All of the staff are smiling and make sure you are getting the attention that you need.  We have been going for 2 years now and have never been unhappy with the results.  I have even taken my husband and they immediately put him at ease and he was pleasantly surprised.  Everyone has done a great job, but my favorite is Mikki and Raven, my daughter-in-law's favorite is Cindy.  My pedi/mani lasts 2-3 weeks with no chips thanks to Mikki's beautiful job!
Went today to gt soak off and get ped  and when I go my same tech and only tech tht always do my nails y did  she screwed up my nails today.....  OMG.....THEY LOOK LIKE SOME BRAND NEW TECH JUST DID THEM THEY OR SQUARE AND NOT CUTIE AT ALL.....paid to much money but I am going bck to get fixed but when I do guess wht I know tht she will get smart with me as ususally but. Who cares I will be getting with her torromorrow.....
The nail lounge is so great.  Always friendly, clean and fun.  My polish always lasts over two weeks.  They great private rooms and makes a really awesome experience for a girls party.  They are fast too.  They stay on top of the trends.  'The place' to go for an awesome mani-pedi experience!
This place is ok.. They do a great job but  what they do not warn you about is how much you are going to pay when you get to the register. I was very surprised because i  just had gotten a full set and pedicure and walked out spending 76 dollars! i think this is just  little steep. Plus the gentleman i got was very rude when i was making a color selection i was stuck between a couple of colors because i was trying to renumber the color of my valentines dress and he told me i need to hurry up:(  i will probably never go back her because of that and i get my nails done all the time. this trip just ruined my enjoyment of getting my nails done here.
