We just stayed at this resort last week in the Cars Suite and it was great!  Our 4 year old who loves Disney and all the Disney / Pixar movies with Cars being his favorite or second behind Toy Story.   The Outside decor is amazing, a great rendition of the movies.  Great to see the cars out there and many folks taking their pictures.  The Cozy Cone pool was also great though it was a little cold for us outside to want to get in it, though other kids were having a good time. The rooms were good, we had a one bedroom suite that slept 6, we did indeed have 6 in it as well.  4 Adults, 1 9 month old and a 4 year old.  The inside decor was also really cute and well done.  The room was not noisy and we didnt hear our neighbors at all, and we knew there were folks next to us as we saw them a few times. Carrying luggage from the room to the car was a bit of a trek, but get the bell service, and tip a few bucks, much more worth it if you have the time.  They also have luggage carts at the end of the hallways but its self service and I walked our whole building during our checkout day and didn't see any.  The walk from the bus to the rooms were not bad for us, we were in building 3, rooms in building 1 might have been a few mins more but overall it was no more than 5-7 mins to get from the bus to our room. The bus trip from the hotel to the park is really convenient, much better than driving, parking, getting on a tram then walking to the entrances.  The busses get you much closer and a better way to get around Disney.  Busses arrive at least every 20 mins, I dont think we waited longer than 5 mins for most of the busses and if one was full, there was usually a bus right behind it for the busy parts (morning, evenings). Close to downtown Disney, we visited here 4-5 times and its a really short trip and lots of cool things for the kids to see at a free cost, except what you buy from shopping. Overall the hotel was really nice, we enjoyed our 5 nights there.  The biggest complaint is the food in food court of the hotel.  I really hate the Disney Dining Food Plans, most people cant figure them out and it always stops the lines, the Disney folks working most of the time cant figure it out either and I wish there was a cash only line.  The wait here a few nights was crazy.  The food in the court was also way over priced, even compared to the parks, not a good value, poor service in the food court. Also we called ahead to request a pack n play in the room, we checked in online, went to the counter when we arrived and got into our room quickly.  No pack n play, called the front desk, one would be brought to us, 1 hour later, getting late ready to put the 9 month old down, still nothing, call again.  One was delivered in about another 45 minutes.  There are a lot of Disney workers that are not as quick as they use to be or take their job all that seriously. Even with those few hiccups we really enjoyed our time, the artwork at this location is great, there is a lot of character all around and we wish we would have spent more time here and visited the other parts of the resort, but we will be back again to visit, but will probably choose the Beach & Yacht Club Resort again next trip.
Stayed here during my recent trip to Disney World with my group. We were able to get the Finding Nemo Suite which we really wanted. It was super cute and totally not what I expected. The resort itself was AMAZING! everywhere you go there is something to see. Each section was a different theme and everything looked so real. The Finding Nemo Pool area is beautiful! It is open 24 hours and when you swim underwater you can her music! Yes I said it MUSIC! They have speakers underwater playing music. There is also a bar next to the swimming area for those that are of age. My friend's sister got engaged at the 7 seas lagoon one of the nights that we were there and the next day when we came back from one of the parks we find when we first walk into our room that the hotel had left a surprise gift for the newlyweds. The only thing that I did not like was one of the cast members working a register at the dinning area on the resort. I believe her name was Jessica. She was not appropriate for Disney's customs. She was very rude.
The only thing I liked about this resort is that it is the newest resort in WDW. Nothing is too old or run down. The Animation Hall which is their lobby/dining area is beautiful. It is a rainbow of beautiful tiles. I stayed in the Little Mermaid room. I knew it wasnt going to be a big room since it was pretty affordable (about $100/night) but I didnt care too much because I wanted a character themed room and I wasn't going to dish out about $250+ for the larger Nemo or Lion King suites. SADLY I wish I did cause the Little Mermaid rooms are the furthest from the Animation Hall...which SUCKS when you are thirsty or tired (the buses to pick u up only drop u off at the Hall!) The walk to the hall is about 10 minutes...but seriously after a whole day of theme parks, is TORTURE. its long & winded... The Food at the hall called the landscape of flavors...terrible. Most of the food at WDW is overpriced but at least make the food decent?
Amazing, Amazing, Amazing!! This hotel is gorgeous, the kids loved it, adults too.. I can't say enough good things about this perfectly situated hotel.  It has beautiful themes: Cars, Lion King, Finding Nemo and The Little Mermaid. We were fortunate to stay in the Cars area, which was close enough to the Animation Hall, and the Nemo pool.  It was incredible how nicely decorated everything was.  We also enjoyed having a pretty, well round food court and arcade area for the kids to unwind in after a long day at the parks. I also loved the gift shop, had everything in it, just condensed.  I will definitely come to this location again, as it was quite a hit w/our family.
Fantastic suite!  We had a group a 4 adults a teen and an infant and yes it was crowded at times but we kept it uncluttered. Housekeeping did a great job keeping the room clean everyday! Front desk was super helpful, a couple times we didn't even make it to the cue before our questions were answered there was one specific cast member that was great at the front desk "Nicole from Nichols college" she is great! The food was good although it would have been good to have to switch the choices, daily or ever couple days. The pools were clean and very well life guarded! The rooms were immaculate better than moderate resorts I have stayed in. This is a review of a cars family suite
Great place to stay on a family vacation. We had 6 of us share a finding nemo suite and it was very clean, quaint and decorated adorably. It's really the best bet at disney for a family in need of two rooms and bathrooms, but is on a budget. We were right by the biggest pool, which plays disney music under water, which i thought was cool ! There is also a little mermaid, cars and lion king themed areas--all are decorated according to their theme, I was most impressed with the cars area, they make it look just like you're in radiator springs ! You definitely have to be a disney fan for this hotel to really appreciate all the details. Good food choices at the hotel's quick service restaurant. I suggest getting the drink mug, around $15, that you have unlimited refills of whatever drink you choose, very convenient, especially if you're spending some time at the pool, which is right next to the main lobby where the shop and restaurant are located. Really nice environment, disney never disappoints ! There is even a bridge connecting it to the pop century resort !
I am a cast member with Disney and was one of the opening team members as well so this place already holds a special place in my heart. Other than that simple fact i just find that this place is a gorgeous concept for a value resort at Disney world, all though my husband will tell you that I am biased for the simple fact that they have a set of rooms dedicated to The Little Mermaid hands down that this has automatically become one of my favorite places to stay. The four main themes here are Finding Nemo, Cars, Little Mermaid, and Lion King, and if you have kids i would recommend this place because this resort actually places you into the animation and the movies like no other place, and even as an adult it amazes me of the detail and thought that imagineers have put into the decor and theme of the resort to tie you into the movie. The decorations from the lobby to the room are amazing. We have stayed here twice now, we got to stay as a soft opening in the Little Mermaid section which made me swoon at the detail of it and I just love Ariel! The next time we stayed was a week or so later when we had friends visiting from Tx for the MNSSHP and there were 6 of us so we ended up getting one of the suites at the Lion King which of course is a favorite of my husband so he loved the decor in this particular area! The food court here is also amazing and has so many different varieties than the normal QSR food courts at other resorts on property.
We recently stayed here with 2 kids 3 and 5 in October. The property of this hotel is amazing. They have several "themed" sections and we stayed in the "cars" one. My son was ecstatic about all the cars characters parked on the way to our room. They also have a beautiful "Nemo" pool and waterpark. However, make no mistake about it, this is exactly what you are paying for. It's not for the food, which was expensive and horrible. Nor is it for the service, since I couldn't even get an appropriate bed for my 3 year old daughter who had to sleep in a pack and play which was too small for her. Oh, and they don't even give out towels by the pool. Really? I had to bring it from my room. They rooms are poorly constructed, our suite didn't even have a closet really. Maybe the other sections of the hotel have better rooms but I would seriously consider whether or not to come back to this hotel.
This is Disney's newest hotel and I LOVE THIS HOTEL! From the time we checked in till the time we checked out it was wonderful. The lobby is nice and big with an arcade, take out place, and store. We came from Animal Kingdom Lodge. When we checked out we told the bellman that we were checking into Art of Animation. After going to the park our luggage was already in our room! How efficient is that?! The best part about this place is the pool. It is open 24 hours a day and my kids LOVED swimming in there. It has a gradual slope so they can slowly wade in. When you swim under water you can hear music being played under water. Granted it's only Disney music but hey- that's pretty cool. There's also a water play area for kids that is in operation during the day. Next to the pool is a big playground. I would only let my kids go on the playground at night. It is crazy hot during the day and the slide is super hot. There's coin operated laundry in the pool area. I got to do laundry and keep an eye on the kids in the pool. Parking is free here (bonus). I would ding a half star because one afternoon it was storming so crazy heavy with lightening and thunder and because there is no indoor connection to the hotels from the lobby we all got super soaked. I would most definitely come back to this hotel again.
This is a great family resort. We stayed in the Nemo themed building. Our suite had a separate bedroom with a queen bed and adjoining full bathroom with a shower, no tub. It had a dining area which doubled as a Murphy bed and a living area with sofa bed, kitchenette (sink and small fridge) and another full bathroom with a tub/shower combo. Of course you can see all this for yourself on Disney's website. My opinion is that we had plenty of room for 6 people. The pool was huge, lots of seating area. There's a laundry building which you can purchase soap and dryer sheets with cash or credit card. Go super early before the resort gets up and all machines are full. The food court was chaotic at times but by the second day, I learned that the pizza line is the quickest to get in and out of. Worked out great for my picky cheese pizza loving daughter. There's even a bar near the pool which I regret not having time ....or energy to take advantage of. The whole resort is clean and spacious. I highly recommend this for the simple fact that everyone has lots of room to move around. The decor is up to Disney's standards and we actually spent an evening just walking around and taking pictures.
Very pleased with this resort. Clean, colorful, awesome pool. Loved our Nemo suite room overlooking the pool with the pullout sofa and murphy bed for the kids. Staff was nice, decent food selections in the "Landscape of Flavors." Resembles a college dining hall with the grab and go and different stations. We loved coming back from a long day at the parks and enjoying some gelato. Only downside to the place was when it was time to leave, we called for them to come get our luggage, we thought it was going straight to the airport just like it had magically arrived in our room when we got there. No, for a whopping $200 you can have that service, but otherwise, you're on your own kids! I also didn't like the placement of the arcade. My kids would dash in there after we got off the bus and never leave. Genius marketing Disney!!! Great resort. Super kid friendly. Bring your tennis shoes or scooter because there is a LOT of walking- even around the hotel!
So as a Disney Cast Member, we get marvelous discounts for this time of year. As part of my day job, I had the opportunity to tour this beautiful resort! And what a difference it makes actually staying as a guest! The decor of the resort, is absolutely to die for! With its wonderful themes: The Lion King, Finding Nemo, Cars, and The Little Mermaid, this resort will definitely have something for everyone! So both my sister and I, as well as a friend stayed in the Finding Nemo suite! It was very spacious, welcoming... and the best part? The cool dining table that turns into a bed!!! A lot of my friends tell me that the pool is really cool, as it is equipped with underwater speakers, however I was not able to experience that, this time! I cannot rave enough about this resort! The only flaw for me would be that my cast member who checked me in was not the nicest person... Maybe cause I am a fellow CM.... Other then that, great choice for anyone!
I recently stayed here with some family. We were a large group of about 20 so we were spread amongst several rooms & suites for a 3 day stay. Where do I start? In order to give this resort a proper review I'm going to break it down into pros & cons. This should help with those that skim rather than spend the 3-5 minutes to read what took 30 minutes or more to write ;) (The numerical order has no significance, I just added numbers so it's easier to read.) I would also like to say although I listed almost as many cons as pros, the pros were much more important details while the cons were mostly minor inconveniences.) Pros: 1) Check-in is fast, smooth, & the very friendly staff are all over saying funny stuff like "Sketch ya later" & "Flip your fins that way" to give directions. Nice touch! 2)Very clean resort & well kept which would be expected being that it's still brand new. 3)They really went all out with the themes when compared to Pop Century. Every area is decked out in either Nemo, Lion King, Little Mermaid, or Cars from the buildings, rooms, walkways, swimming pools. 4) Suites are VERY nicely done & use their square footage wisely. You get a master room with private bath, a dining area which doubles as a pulldown bed, a kitchenette, pullout couch area with a tv, & a second bathroom. 5) The pools are open 24/7, are somewhat heated, & free life jackets are poolside for kids. From what I saw, a staff member was poolside at just about any hour day or night. I didn't swim because the water was still a little too cold for my Miami taste, but I did read from another reviewer that you can hear music under water. 6) Nice poolside bar & laundry mat 7) Large foodcourt & store attached to main lobby. 8) Free WiFi offered (Not great signal though) 9) Room keys use a proximity sensor so you just hold the keycard up to the lock & it opens the door. 10) Free shuttles to all Disney Parks 11) Large Arcade in Lobby 12) All rooms have mini fridges Cons: 1) VERY poor cell phone reception if you have ATT. This was verified by all of us staying there with ATT phones. The resort needs to add some cell signal boosters. Once in your room or in some areas of the resort it will literally drop to "No Service" so good luck coordinating with other guests or family unless you catch them in their room. 2)The AC in our room didn't seem to really work all that well. I like it in the low 70's & I can't say it ever got near that. 3) If you don't get a suite, be prepared to walk a long distance to the lobby, foot court, arcade, shuttles, or the main Nemo pool. 4) The suites are quite expensive compared to a regular room. 5) The regular rooms, although decorated nicely, follow the same boring floorplan you've all seen a million times in every other hotel you've ever stayed at. 6) Food court food was just sort of average in taste/flavor. Prices are "Di$ney" 7) The floorplan of the lobby, store, food court, arcade etc seemed almost identical to the Pop Century resort next door. I expected something a little different floorplan wise with this being a whole new resort but oh well not a huge deal. 8) I'm not sure if this is a con but the toilets flush with crazy instant pressure & make a very loud noise so it takes a bit of getting used to. I would almost recommend flushing with the top lid down. 9) Front gate security seemed pointless. They ask for ID but just glance at it & let you right in. No reservation info, no other details. Seemed like a wasted expense of the resort to us. Now, with all that being said, I still give this resort 4 out of 5 stars. Compared to some other places I have stayed I will gladly deal with those minor cons. The 5th star will gladly be added when they fix the cell reception issue with some signal boosters. I uploaded tons of pics of almost everything & everywhere so go take a look if you haven't already. Thanks for reading & if I helped you please let me know with a   "Useful" , "Funny" , "Cool" or all three :)
Room is exactly what I imagined. Prior research helps and early bookings. We stayed in the Finding Nemo Suites. Requested top floor vs ground (less noise of everyone walking by your window) and great view of the pool and lake. Again didn't want to stay to close to the pool due to noise. Booked 9 months in advance, so pretty much got my requested suite. Close to everything and very practical. Easy for our family with children and Grandma. Cafeteria food is good, not horrible at all. You just have to learn to switch it up a little. Even though Disney provides shuttle service, our family always reserves a Alamo Van/Car Rental (on property and they pick u up) that way you can go off property to eat and pick up groceries and cases of water. If you plan accordingly, in advance, have an open mind...all goes well and smoothly. It's a value resort, so don't expect a Grand Floridian or Contemporary experience....truthfully the value resorts are fun and festive...the others feel like regular hotels n resorts. I visit three times a year and been to every hotel. Value is the way to go. Your hardly in your room, you save money for the fun stuff and your put in another world within Disney World.
Great for kids, lots of things to do...huge pool, out door movies, playgrounds, ect. We got the Lion King Suite and it was great. Only real complaint is  the house keeping crew woke us up before 9am on Sunday.
Cell phone coverage for AT&T was non existent in the rooms/buildings themselves. Go outside and it was perfectly fine. Wonder if the rooms were lead lined?!?
I agree with most reviews on this page saying that this is a great family resort. Pros: The hotel is a lot of fun and great for little children. The pools are spectacular and the busing to the other resorts are quite efficient. The people who work at the resort are extremely pleasant and helpful. They help make your stay much easier. It's close to the other parks, so the bus rides aren't long at all. There is free Wi-Fi in the rooms. Cons: The hotel lacks things to do. Besides the pools, there is really nothing to do. There is a very large cafeteria which everyone is forced to eat/drink at. The other issue is that the hotel annexes are far away from the main hotel. Some of the walks are quite lengthy, even just to get a drink to refill your soda. The hotel rooms are rather small, which isn't a big deal because most people shouldn't be spending too much time in the room. Overall, i'd give it a B+.
Stayed here in December 2013 for one night before a Disney Cruise. This is a value resort which was just fine with us, especially with 2 kids. We were here for the testing of MagicBands so things were a bit slow with check in. The lobby is really nice. The grounds are the exact same layout as Pop Century and it's easy to find your way around. We stayed in a Little Mermaid room and my girls and I LOVED it! I think this is how Disney resort rooms should be decorated, my husband on the other hand thought it was tacky. An Ariel shower curtain? Awesome! This place is not for high maintenance folks, go to the Grand Floridian for that. If you're laid back and love Disney this is the place for you. We will stay here again.
This was our first trip to Disney with our kids.  The Art of Animation resort is the newest of Disney World's Resorts and suited our purposes perfectly.  Now it isn't a 5 star luxury spa resort but a moderate priced family resort with colorful buildings in Disney themes including the Lion king, Little Mermaid, Finding Nemo and Cars.  This is one of the few resorts that has suites that will accomodate up to 7 in one room.   That is the main reason we stayed here.   The resort is closest to the animal kingdom, ESPN wide world of sports and Epcot.  However all Disney resorts have shuttles almost direct to each park.   Our accomodations were wonderful.  There was a room with a private bath and queen bed.  In the living space there are 2 separate sleeping areas.  A fold out couch and a table/bed.  Both of which are queen sized.  In total 2 full bath rooms, and 3 queen sized beds with room for a pull out if needed.   We did opt for the disney dining plan which essentially made the stay "all inclusive".   All disney resorts have free transportation from and to the airport.  Once you land in Orlando you walk straight to the bus and your luggage meets you in the room at your resort!  In addition at departure there is an on site airline luggage check in where you can also obtain your boarding passes.  Just hop on the bus and head straight to your gate as you head home.  Disney has thought about everything. In summary: Pros: 1) Free shuttles to parks and aiport 2) Suites for families 3) Disney themes that appeals to the kids Cons: 1) Little pricey 2) Rooms weren't the quietest but not bad We will definitely be back!
We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Art of Animation Resort.  We stayed in a Lion King suite.  It was fantastic. We were on the first floor of building 6, facing the lake and it was really quiet.  We couldn't hear the movies playing at night by pride rock.  We also had a short walk to Animation Hall and to the buses. I would say that our location was closer to the action than many of the Nemo rooms.  All suites seem to be within a 5 minute walk of the bus stop.  The standard Little Mermaid rooms did seem kind of far, so if you stay there, check and see which Little Mermaid building is closest to Lion King and request that they put you there. I was worried that the suite would be over the top cutesy for adults, but the decor in the room was actually really pleasant.  It was earth toned, but enough characters to wow my 2 year old Lion King fan.   I have stayed at Disney's moderate resorts (Port Orleans French Quarter and Coronado Springs) and I thought that the suites actually had a more luxe feel than the moderate resorts.  The bathrooms in particular were more upscale and spacious. Also,  unlike the moderate resorts, AoA has indoor corridors which just feels "nicer."  Personally, while Disney classes this as a value resort, I think the suites are definitely more like moderate-pluses than values - i.e., more deluxe than the moderates but less deluxe than the deluxes. Beds were comfortable.  I slept in the sofa pullout for a few of the nights and it was actually very comfortable.  I was surprised.  The pulldown bed was also comfortable and it was easy to pull it down and push it back up to use the table at breakfast time.   I wish the kitchenette had a toaster oven.  It did have a microwave, coffee maker, and a refrigerator.  The resort leaves paper plates and bowls and plastic cutlery.  We had breakfast in the room every morning, which definitely saved a lot of money - even with the high cost of the Garden Grocer delivery fee.   The resort itself is so well done.  The theming is wonderful.  I'd say that the Cars section is the most beautifully themed but all are very nice.  The feature pool is huge and fun and has music playing under water.  Only downside is that there are no towels at the pool.  So bring from your room or bring beach towels from home (even better because the resort towels are kind of flimsy).   The food court Landscapes of Flavor is pretty busy, but they are pretty fast.  I enjoyed the Create Your Own pasta in particular.  It is HUGE.  It costs just under $11 but it is well worth it and can be shared. This resort has the typical great Disney bus service.  It's like public transportation so you may have to wait a bit and you have to ride with other people, but it's a wonderful perk for Disney resort guests.  You get to the parks fairly quickly and easily and don't have to rent a car.  Bus Rides to Magic Kingdom are longest (15-20 minutes), Epcot is about 10 minutes, Hollywood Studios under 10 minutes, and Animal Kingdom is 15-20 minutes.   Unlike the bus stops at other value resorts, the stops at Art of Animation are covered.  Bus service is also great, though I noticed that the bus stops at the parks tended to be kind of far from the entrance.  Not a HUGE deal but something you notice when you're pushing your stroller to the bus stop after a long day in the parks!    Also, as a tip, if you just miss the AoA bus, you can easily take a Pop Century bus.  It's a 5 minute walk from the Pop Century bus stop to the Lion King and Nemo buildings at Art of Animation. Overall we all loved the Art of Animation and would DEFINITELY stay again.
we stayed there over labor day. Finding Nemo suite   room was terrific  , well appointed.  Loved it   BUT two problems 1) the noise level is very loud and you hear people walking down the hall or flushing the toilet in the next room  2) our view was of supply carts the use for towels , supplies etc    Probably will go back to pop Century or Beach club or off property
I've stayed at maybe 10 different Disneyworld resorts of all price ranges and I did not care for this. The price was high for the time I went. They put us in a king room when I paid for a double. Our keys didn't work twice at the end of very long days. They gave us horribly wrong information about upgrading tickets, which ended up ruining a whole day for us. And lastly, you need a key to get into the pool but on our last day, they turned off our keys way prior to our check out time and weren't allowed into the pool. They said it was impossible to print us a new key for the pool, even tho our reservation was still valid. Oh and no towels at the pool. Oooooh and they didn't tell us we needed to take out room key to the park to use magic hours so we went early but couldn't get in. Not cool, not nice, totally disappointed in disney Customer service for the amount of money I spent.
I know this location is tempting because it's new, but do not stay here. I really wish we had stayed elsewhere.  I had the chance to chat with many other guests with far more Disney experience than me (ample chance to chat when waiting 40 mins for a bus) and they all agreed that AofA was not a good experience. Too bad.  I should also add that we were there during a very busy time.  Some of my issues may not exist during lower volume times, but some (like the tissue paper thin walls and poorly trained, surly staff) will always be a problem.   Pros: the theming is incredible. It's the best I saw in all of Disney.  The good news is, this theming is mainly outside.  Therefore any of you can enjoy it.  Take a bus here, walk around, let your kids pose for pictures by Mater and Lightning and leave.   *the suites (we stayed in a Cars suite) are large and the layout makes the space very useful.  The bathrooms are large and the water pressure was great. *large, convienent laundry facilities.   *the pools and the playground are adorable. Plenty of lifeguards. Cons:  *we had a bad check-in which included a clueless CM who completed 75% of our check in before realizing we were not the same people on the reservation (I have the most common last name in America - maybe he should have confirmed my first name!). When I asked about our AAA info he told me that I was wrong and AAA didn't offer such a pkg.  He was so rude.  His supervisor heard him and came over and while confirming I was right, still managed to be more rude than the CM.  We finally get to "our" room. Keys don't work.  Thank God for using a bell hop!  Long story, but it was two more rooms and lots of walking before they gave us a room. *air conditioners are spotty at best. Even in February, the suite was stuffy and required getting up every two hours during the night to turn on the fan function to get the air moving. *the walls are paper thin.  I could hear my neighbor gentleman peeing during the night.  The toilets are high efficiency and flush very loudly. It's like a toilet symphony all day and all night. I swear you can hear the toilets from every direction around you. Miserable!   *the comforter on the beds feels like a X-ray apron!  It's so heavy and scratchy.  Almost makes me appreciate the fact that the room was too stuffy to need it. *the food court is a nightmare!!  I cannot emphasize this enough. Some of the food seems very bad, some is actually ok.  The problem is their ordering and cashier process is sooooo slow.  Forget about eating warm food.  Even if you are the only person at in your checkout lane, you will not go through quickly enough to eat your food hot.  The dining area is large, but crowded and not very clean simply due to the volume.   *bus service can be very slow from MK.  Twice we waited 40 minutes at the park to get back.  We saw as many as three buses come and go for other resorts.  I will say this was only a prob at MK. *to me the staff felt like staff at any other hotel or restaurant. There was no magic, no above and beyond friendliness.  Just getting by.  I was not impressed with their hospitality at all.
This resorts has it good and bad let me start by saying the nemo family suite is great for larger family's its close to the pool but the Little mermaid is a very far walk from everything this hotel is what you pay for This is the lowest you can pay for It's worth to give a little bit more money to stay at more exclusive of hotel next to the parks This is a off site hotel and If you want any cell phone service It will never happen No matter what type of cell phone provider you with This place is really cheap and I would recommend animal kingdom much better
Disney exploded all over the place here. We stayed in the Lion King Suite. Wifi was horrible, and everyone in my party had little or no cell phone service.  The price of the food is what you expect at Disney, EXPENSIVE. Way around the food prices? Order Pizza and have it delivered to the lobby. Ask for a room that has the best wifi service. it defintely wasn't the Lion King Area. I talked to some of my friend who stayed in the Nemo area and they said they had better reception.
I want to give this resort five stars, I really, really do!  The grounds are beautiful, the theming is immersive, the pool is out of this (big blue) world, and the Cast Members are very friendly - so why three stars?  Worst.  Night.  Of.  Sleep.  .  .Ever.  We stayed in the Lion King rooms, and noticed a few things: a.) the toilets were extremely loud, and we could hear flushes from the rooms all around ours. . .all night long.  b.) The beds were very uncomfortable.  The sheets were very stiff, and the mattress was very firm.  We knew a few other people staying at the resort the same night, and they all seemed to have the same feedback.
You seriously get what you pay for at this hotel, we stayed in a single room ( just 2 of us) and we were at a far building, which is fine because we had a pool close by and the walk wasnt horrible. The food selection at  this hotel wasnt the best either and there was always choas, people would cut in front because know one knew where to stand at some stations. Staff memebers at this resort were not as friendly as they should be! The room itself was OK, the bed was hard, and comforter was dirty, you could hear everydoor open and toilet flush and person walk by so that was annoying. The transportation to the parks was fine. I will say the hotel theme is cool! But I wouldnt stay here again! I read that alot of people had cell phone problems, I have Verizon and it worked fine my husband has ATT and his wasnt the best.
I stayed in the new little mermaid standard rooms. The rooms were cute, but a far walk to be the main part of hotel, especially when its pouring rain! The bus system is amazing. The rooms are small. I wish we would have upgraded to a suite.
Such a fun, bright & vibrant resort.  My family & I stayed in a Finding Nemo suite and it was pretty spacious.  The staff was very friendly and quick to resolve an issue I had about the meal plan I had added to our stay.
Very beautiful lobby the walls are lined with animation panels. The attention to detail is amazing. The Nemo pool is very beautiful and the other areas are opening later. Visit if you have the time.
When I  made my reservations for Disney the standard rooms were sold out at Art of Animation so we stayed right next door at Pop Century.  One of the first things we did after check in was to walk across the bridge to Art of Animation to check out the Radiator Springs and Cars stuff.  It was really kewl and its a shame we didn't stay here.  I can't speak much for the rooms since we didn't stay here but the "stuff" here was neat.  My son kept asking to go back to Radiator Springs so I will definitely consider Art of Animation as the resort for our next trip.
It was nice. The Murphy bed was actually quite nice for the kids. No cell service and some of the staff here isn't up to par with the rest of Disney. But still very nice. The kids loved the cars room. Plenty of space for a young family of 5. Oh and the buses run on a good schedule. So wait times aren't bad either.
My wife, brother and his fiance all stayed here together during a trip in September, 2012. This resort just opened in the summer so we got to experience everything pretty much brand-new. The resort is awesome, totally lives up to its name. It's one of the resorts on property that I'd suggest visiting just to see everything (especially if you have kids!) I've stayed at the All Stars and Pop Century and do enjoy those, they're great values, but I feel that this resort really screams Disney. The rooms are well-designed, the property is a pleasure to walk around, they really did a good job with this resort. We stayed in a normal (non-suite) room. I know that most of the rooms at this resort are family suites but the regular room is really nice. I can't speak to the quality of the family suite as we didn't see one. The gift shop is really nice, the distance of any wing to the bus stop is manageable. The only things that detracted from my experience here would be the insane amount of bugs due to either our buildings proximity to hourglass lake or because they were uprooting a bunch of plants and trees near the water which drove out the bugs to our hallway. The other thing that detracted was the poor food quality. I can't remember being impressed with any of the food I had while there, and out of convenience, we like to be able to eat at the hotel. I did not incorporate this fact into the review as I will review that location separately, but if you're looking at this as a place to stay - I feel you should know that. I felt that the food at Pop was MUCH better than the food here, they're trying to be too fancy and the demographic at this hotel, I feel, probably wants something a bit more delicious and a bit less sophisticated.
Hotel is really nice specially for the price we paid. It's like a value hotel but does not feel like it! Lobby is relly nice. The staff is amazingly friendly and available. At the same time its Disney !! Will definitely go back!
Hated hated hated this hotel. It took 2 hours to get our bags from the baggage cart, so we couldn't change and go swimming. There was no wi - fi in our room because it was too far away. We called about it two times and they kept saying they would reset it. However the next day a girl said she could move us because wi fi did not extend that far out. So they offered to move us hotels!!! So we moved to their other property at 11am, and did not get our bags till 7pm!! Every time you called the front desk, bell men, a manager, they all would pass the buck. No one would apologize.
One of Disney's Newest Value Hotels.  The resort is beautifully themed including the rooms. It is my favorite Disney Value resort. The Pool is the nicest you will find at any of the Values. The Food Court also has a lot more selections and I overall think the food is a lot better here then at any of the All Stars. My one complain is Cell reception is horrible!!  I recommend this Disney Hotel to any family on a budget or those who spend their time at the parks and only come to the hotel to sleep and shower.
When my husband and I stayed here (we don't have kids) we both knew that this was going to be a VERY kid-oriented resort hotel. I have no complaints about that. I've stayed in other Disney resort hotels that had very little for little ones to do so this place seems like a big plus for families. The lobby was AWESOME. They decorated with concept art from the movies that were featured on the property. It was very cool. Checking in was a breeze since I checked us in online. Since we took the bus from the airport, out bags were brought to our room and the staff was magnificent the entire time! Since we had no kiddos, we stayed in the "single" rooms which were in the Little Mermaid part of the resort. BAD IDEA! They were ALL THE WAY in the back of the resort. That was kind of a bummer. Also, the "free wifi" didn't reach all the way back there and if it did, it was VERY WEAK. The rooms were super cute, though. The shower was Ariel's grotto and there was a GIANT picture of Prince Eric on the wall. I LOVED it but my husband didn't appreciate it as much. The most important thing for me was that it was CLEAN! One of the bad things about this part of the hotel was when we would have housekeeping clean our rooms during the day they would leave us a nice bag of extra sheets and towels on our door knob. We were there for almost two weeks and only got that bag one time. The people in the rooms next to us were stealing it. It seemed like security focused more on the Lion King, Cars and Finding Nemo parts of the hotel and left the people in the Little Mermaid building to fend for themselves. That was not cool. Then about half way through out trip, a family of AT LEAST 20 people checked into the two rooms next to us. Now, these rooms are NOT like the rooms in the rest of the hotel. They are normal sized rooms with two double or king sized beds so you can only imagine how they dealt with that. These people were loud and their kids were out of control. Once again, security didn't really do anything about. The price was...okay. I think it's more of a bargain if you have kids and you stayed in one of the "suit" rooms but if it's just two people, I would recommend staying somewhere else. I know that I will probably never stay there again, unless I have kids. But for now, I think I would go to the Animal Kingdom lodge.
Stayed there last month. It's a great resort a little high on the price side but worth it. You get so many benefits by staying on property. This hotel is NEW it still has it's new hotel smell ;-)
We stayed at AOA in The little Mermaid rooms. Had a pool view & it was soooo cute. The room was a little small but we didn't spend too much time in it. it was comfortable enough. The biggest problems were not many drawers and quite a walk to food court, lobby, arcade and gift shop. I guess that bothers some but I love walking so I quite enjoyed it.   The room was the cutest. I read complaints about uncomfortable comforters and air not working but we never experienced any of that. This resort is so perfect for little children. so much to see. They do need more of a playground but we were a party of 3 woman, so for us, no biggie. There is a playground at the POP CENTURY resort that you can take a short walk across a bridge, over the lake, to get to. The kids will love being able to go across the bridge and Disney makes it interesting with markers that tell you cool little facts along the way.  The food court has some different choices. We were fine with it. We enjoyed the different choices. It isn't a grand gourmet food court people, so stop complaining! It is as expensive as we expected it to be.  Go eat down there, if you don't, food is cold by time you get to room. The pools are great. We had a great time at this resort. The bus transportation ran smoothly & we did not have long waits. That could be different in summer. This place was clean as a whistle & we had no cell phone problems at all with Verizon. I loved that there is a nice sidewalk going around the whole place and behind is a beautiful little lake and in the mornings there are joggers to bid  good morning to and walkers and people just strolling along enjoying the views and atmosphere. We had a great time at this resort on our vacation. I would stay here again especially if I bring kids next time!
So far not impressed. They tell you one thing and then something different when you go call guest services back.  It was very frustrating!
I stayed here last year for our wedding. It was great!!! The service, food, room was great! The art of animation manager was super went through great lengths for me. Before we stayed there, I called Disney World hotel service to ask if they have a steaming service place on the resort where we were staying at, and if I could bring in my dress the day before to have it ready the next day. Lady on the phone told me they do have one at every disney resort and they do last minute steaming as well. THAT WAS A LIE! They didn't have their own steaming service at the hotel for me to steam my wedding dress, the manager called other hotels to see if he can borrow one. The lady on the phone told me false information. The manager had no luck in asking the other hotels, so he had one of his runners buy one from walmart and bring it to my room. I don't mind steaming it myself, I was just happy they bought me one. I of course had to return it after using it, but it was nice I didn't have to stress out about my dress on my wedding day. I was just pissed the fact that the lady on the phone told me false info. Crisis would have been adverted had she told me the truth. Overall, great time..so sad we had to leave. We went back to the hotel this past weekend, just to eat dinner there...the food was still great. And the upbeat service was perfect. Warning: it is a bit pricey. But this hotel food I find taste better than the Disney theme park food. And cellphone reception is dead in the hotel rooms, I had to walk down stairs and outside our building to make a call and receive calls. But then again...I have AT&T. :( Staying close to the window kind of helped get better reception...not much though.
After a long anticipation finally Disney opened their doors to their new Resort Art of Animation. I must say after booking seven months ahead it was worth the wait. The resort is full of memorable Disney movie characters like Finding Nemo, Cars, Lion King, and Little Mermaid. As we entered the lobby they are remarkable sketches of the themed characters.  I do recommended online check-in which made it very easy for us to get our keys to the world. The front desk employees were very polite and helpful. We booked the Little Mermaid room which was a long distance from the lobby but definitely worth the walk. (Unless its pooouring rain) There was a slight misunderstanding with our room and we had to switch rooms, but of course Disney always takes care of you, we got 2 fast passes and a $50 dollar credit. Our room was adorable from wall to wall everything was Little Mermaid, how I wish this resort would have been open when my daughter was younger. If you have a little princess this is a MUST! But if you have a little pirate or prince the Cars area is the BOMB! However Finding Nemo is perfect for the whole family and is right in the middle of all, also is were  the main pools are at which happens to have a underground sound system is also very colorful and of course full of Finding Nemo characters. The Landscape of Flavors is the food court where you find all the yummy food and goodies. I did find the restaurant to be a bit crowded especially in the mornings. Overall I'm glad we had the opportunity to stay in this well anticipated resort.  I must say there was only one downfall to this resort, we had no Internet access in our room an dwho could be now days without Internet. but it was still an amazing stay.  Please see pictures
My boyfriend and his family took me here for my first disneyworld visit.  I've been to Disneyland many many times since I live in Cali so when I finally got to Disneyworld I was extremely happy!  I went with Disney pros, seriously, his family goes to Disneyworld once or even twice a year so I had high hopes for this hotel but also the park.  I stayed at Disney Art of Animation a couple of weeks before we open and I honestly wasn't too impressed. I really liked all the themes, we stayed at Cars (ehh not my favorite movie) but it was still really cool the cars land at DL looks dead on like it.  For me, I didn't really care for the resort because the food in the cafertia was so nasty (only the house chips they are amazing!!) The emplyoees were nice (my boyfriends family said they needed extra training but I didn't really notice this).  Overall, I am rating it so low because the food, and its not as great as I expected plus its really far from Magic Kingdom (I know I can't mark them down for the location but I am).  Overall I'm glad I got to stay at AOA espeically because they were newly open however I wouldn't stay there again.
Stayed here for 5 days while at disney in the cars family suite.  Really neatly designed for the kids, had life size cars vehicles around the property, surrounded by poured rubber if the little ones fall.  The room is great, designed to be a little cheesy but done well.  Could have slept up to 6, so was plenty of room for us three.  Had a microwave and kitchen sink, but no water in the fridge.   Bed was a little hard, but slept fine all night.  Pool was open till 11 I think, but we were so busy all week we didn't try any of the pools.   The only restaurant is more like a mall food court, we only tried breakfast which was good and plenty of expensive options. The only bad part here is the parking is horrible, there were no spots available close to the room, unless you tried to squeeze between two idiots who were over the line. Staff was all very friendly, they are always cleaning around the resort. Would definitely stay here again, but would leave some time to hang out here and check the place out.
A BEAUTIFUL resort on Disney property - the theming is gorgeous.  The food court is really good, especially the "create your own pasta" station.  Great pool too. My only complaint is the looooong walk from the Little Mermaid rooms to the main building and busses.  But even that wasn't terrible...just a little exhausting after a long day in the parks.
This is a long overdue review for Disney's Art of Animation Resort. I am happy that I chose to stay here. Me and my family stay here mid-Aug when we visited Disney for a week. We stayed at the Cars suite. Check in is a breeze as I use the online check-in the day before. Our suite were ready when we went in the morning. This gives us time to bring all the luggages to the room before going out to visit the park. Parking is near enough to all their suites. The suite is spacious enough to accomodate  the 5 of us.The kids love the pull out bed double as a table and they "made" their bed everyday.The two bathroom suite is very conveniet to everyone when u have to get ready to go out and when we came back sweaty after a long day at the theme parks. The one bedroom suite allows for some privacy and not disturb the kids they need to sleep early.   I personally love the small kitchenette stock with paper plates, bowls, cups and also utensils. Impressive! They even supply you with a can and wine opener.... What else can you asked for. Housekeeping is efficient enough. We have our bed made and towel change everyday and toiletries are refilled each day too. Our Cars area have their own swimming pool, the Cozy Cone pool. Its large for the kids to play and splash around and not so many people compare to the Nemo/Mermaid pool right in front of the main building. The lifeguards did a good job looking out for the kids. No diving and running...  Laundry are near enough if you want to do yours as we did ours there. Its clean and the dryer works well.The surrounding area are made to look like Radiator Spring with the movie characters station all around the area from Lighting McQueen to Mater to Doc Hudson, even to the Sheriff... Good for photo taking and the kids just love it. It is the place to stay in when you have kids around the ages of 4 to 10, or even older...The animation in the lobby is impressive enough and they have a drawing session almost everyday, if you could find the time to do it. And their shuttle to various theme park in Disney World is efficient and time saving. They have shuttle coming in every 15 minutes or so and you don't have to wait long. We will surely stay here again if we visit Disney World, maybe this time we will stay in the Lion King suite or the Nemo suite. Heard they are fabulous too!
Loved this Disney World resort! We checked in early because we were headed to Animal Kingdom for the day. We were prepared to stow our luggage with the bellman, but to our surprise, there was a suite available. We originally booked for the Little Mermaid rooms, but the cast member checking us in asked us if we wanted a complimentary upgrade to a Lion King Suite. Heck yes!!! We used our magic bands as room keys, pool keys, and also to purchase some items from the gift store and Landscape of flavors. This resort also includes a "cafeteria" called Landscape of Favors that is open from 6am to 12am daily. The late hours really helped us when we returned from the parks at 11pm. I loved that I didn't need to drive to each park. There are bus stops fronting the hotels for each park, waterpark, and downtown Disney. Buses come every 20 minutes. Housekeeping was wonderful. On one day, we kept our privacy sign on while we went to the parks. When we returned, there was a large bag of towels and toiletries on our door knob. I would definitely stay here again.
My husband and I took the kids here the 1st year it opened.  We stayed in the Lion King Suite.  The hotel itself is nice.  I loved all the pictures throughout the hallways.  The gift shop is very nice.  There is a lot to pick from. The hotel cafeteria has great food, however, there are a couple problems.  1st off, you are staying there for an extended period of time, the menu doesn't change, so you kind of get sick eating the same thing (I know there are lots of restaurants at Disney, but if you forget to make a reservation or don't want to spend a lot of money the cafeteria is the place to do).  Secondly, the lines are atrocious.  We usually had to wait around 20-30 minutes to get through the breakfast line then we had to wait in line again when we got to the registers. I will say, every chef & employee I encountered was very nice and happy to oblige me in whatever I needed and make the food however we wanted it & the food was good. Next up are the rooms.  Now, my husband and I do travel a lot and tend to stay in some expensive suites so maybe I am rating this a little harshly but the room, compared to what I am used to, was ok but not great.  The kids slept on the pull out couch (not comfortable--I tried it) & the pull down table thing (this was slightly more comfortable than the pull out couch). The bedroom had a nice bed in it.  Super soft.  No complaints there.  We even had our own dressers.  I love the fact that there are 2 full baths in these suites as well.  When you have 3 kids, you need all the bathrooms you can get. The rooms are good, just not great or luxurious. I would stay here again if the luxury suites were all booked up and these were the only other suites available.
Have stayed at both the Cars Suite and the Little Mermaid rooms.  The hike from the Little Mermaid rooms to the food court/pools could be hard on someone with walking issues, but at least the theming makes it a pleasant hike.  I liked the resort, the food court was OK, the pool, though big was just OK.   If they have a great deal might consider returning, but would not pay rack rate. I enjoyed the resort, but for me there are better places to stay on property.
The Hotel itself is great but some of the front desk employees where a big dissapointment. They seemed annoyed by any requests and the whole experience for checking in was a nightmare. They have unexperienced employees on front desk which heavily lack on customer service. I have stayed at this hotel multiple times and recommend previously to many others but after this experience I will not return nor recommend. I suggest staying at another Disney Hotel because when you arrive your tired want to rest before you hit the parks. The last thing you want is to deal with horrible front desk service.Im surprised a Disney Hotel won't have more experienced front desk employees.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! I drove up to the resort and stood in line immediately I had someone with an iPad approach me and ask me for my name. I had done the online check in so they pulled me aside and had me sit while they did all the work for me. They had even upgraded me from a standard room to a Cars Family Suite. The hotel and room were impeccable and smelled great! There is on site laundry available, gift shop, food court, room service, 3 pools, transportation solely to and from the resort. My nephew was so happy and excited the whole time. The staff here is great and I cannot wait to come back!
Great Hotel!  The Art of Animation is the newest value resort.  If you are on a budget and plan on staying at the parks the whole day why pay a lot of money for an expensive resort?   When we checked in we were upgraded to a family Lion King Suite.  HOW COOL!!!  After we got the upgrade we were given 6 fast passes also! "Steal of a Deal" as Jenn (my fruit fly) would say!
For physical features, the Art of Animation resort is a three star:  ok rooms, ok food.  If customer service were superb, it could reach a solid four.  However, that has not been my experience on my family's week long vacation.  In fact, customer service was so bad, I have to drop it down to two stars. Basic premise:  Disney is a family destination.  One would therefore think that Cast Members are trained to use their judgment consistent with the guests' needs.  But that has not been my experience during this trip.  It really is disappointing that I have stayed at business hotels with my family where my children were treated better than at a Disney hotel.
By far the best Disney Value category resort. We stayed here for a long weekend with our 8 yo daughter.  We stayed in the Little Mermaid wing and it was a great value for a Disney Property.  The room was as expected with the standard two bed setup.  The the bathroom was great and the shower was really nice as it was bigger then expected and the shower head high up which was nice as an adult.  There are 3 pools at the resort and each was great.  The Big Blue pool was the best but was the most crowded.  We also walked over the bridge to the Pop Century pool which was also open to us.  The cafeteria was good , plenty of options and good quality.  There is a nice bar for the adults and plenty of activities .  We will be back again.
Me and my family liked it a lot, they had fun rooms that were big, there was a fun pool and splash pad, they kept doing the same music over and over but still I liked it a lot.
Great Disney Hotel. Stayed at Coronado Springs for our last trip and this place was much better. Stayed in a Cars themed family suite. Perfect for a family of 4. Kids could go to bed and adults can chill out in tv room. Pool at this place is great. Underwater speakers play music. DJ and helper playing games with kids all day. Two other smaller pools also very nice and not as loud. I recommend looking on map and picking a building closer to main building. The resort is very spread out and there is enough walking in the parks. The food in the hotel is average. The place gets busy but never had s hard time finding a table. And there is a large enough selection that you can always find something. All the staff we interacted with were friendly and helpful. The grounds are immaculate and housekeeping is on point.   My only complaint is the Wi-Fi.  It sucked. Everywhere on the resort it sucked. Would definitely stay here again for our next visit.
We stayed here last April. The resort was updated, though required a lot of walking / strolling. The main pool was shut down when we stayed. The main lobby was well organized and the staff was friendly and efficient. We would stay here again (depending on the rate). My daughters loved the "Under the Sea" room.
I know there are plenty of Disney Resorts in Florida (and I've only stayed in 2 of them), but this was an amazing place to stay during my Disney vacay with my family. The room was amazing, the food was good (but pricey), and the actual resort was beautiful! The hotel is separated into 4 different sections, Finding Nemo, The Little Mermaid, The Lion King, and Cars. My family and I stayed in the Cars area and it was so cool. They had Lighting McQueen right in front of the entrance of the hotel (which my 5 y.o. niece and 4 y.o. nephew loved).The room was pretty amazing, too! Don't ask my why, but the bathroom/tub was probably the best part. The creative ways they incorporate the Cars theme was ingenious. The bathtub had bubbles along the wall, resembling a car wash. The bed I chose to sleep in (bc I would have died if I didn't get it) was a pull down bed, where the dining table folded into a full sized bed. Whenever we got towel animals after housekeeping came, it was either Mickey or a car. It was amazing. The food was good, too! Definitely ordered the surf and surf burger and pesto/alfredo pasta more than once on my trip. The Little Mermaid Pool was the most impressive thing in regards to the whole resort. Probably one of the only pools out of all the Disney resorts that requires a key for entrance (and I understand why). At night (not sure about during the day), but they have a huge screen which will play a Disney movie. The have beach chairs around the screen, just in case you don't wan't to swim and you'd rather watch the movie. They had a small wade pool for the little swimmers that don't know how to swim and bigger pool for those who do. If you hold your head underwater, guess what? They play music and you can actually hear it! I guess around the pool, they have underwater speakers, so you're also entertained when you swim. Bottom line: I would definitely return and re-book this resort. LOVED IT!
The resort itself is pretty amazing. Disney always pays attention to detail. The dining area and gift shop are great. The rooms are spacious, clean and so much fun for the kiddos (and adults too ;) ) That being said I would recommend not staying on a first floor or near elevators. The noise level in the first floor area of each building is ridiculous and can make it hard to sleep. The family suites are perfectly equipped and can sleep up to 6 people comfortably.
I like it here.  The Little Mermaid Rooms are great but they are really, really far from the transportation and the refillable mug station.  Otherwise,  it's super cute and clean and fun!
Well, this is our 3rd time here this year at Disney World, but our first time staying at the Art of Animation Resort. My son loveeees the room we picked for him (the Lion King). We stayed before at the Animal Kingdom Resort and it was awesome as well.
As I see it, people fall into one of two categories when it comes to things Disney; You loveloveLOVE everything Disney, can't get enough of it, wear mouse ears when you are home and would buy a pass if you could.  If you are one of them, I can't help you...you will also lovelovelove this resort. And for the rest of you... Previous reviewers refer to this place as a "value" hotel if you have budgetary concerns.  My husband won't tell me exactly what rate we paid (perhaps he is secretly aligned with those of you in the first category).  But it was almost $500 a night and for that much there are some basic amenities I expect. - soft fluffy towels - pool service - pool TOWELS ( you have to bring your own scratchy room towels to the pool) - a mattress that would be soft to any land mammal other than an elephant - walls that are made of some substance other than permeable membrane so you can't hear all the people in the first category getting home from Disney at all hours of the night - more than shampoo and bar soap.  How about some conditioner?  Moisturizer?  Standard toiletries please? - If you are going to put Mickey Mouse ears on the one and only product you bottle, your shampoo, it should not BURN my kids eyes! - A RESTAURANT!!!!  Cafeteria and NO sit-down are you FREAKING KIDDING ME?!  Shame on you Disney people! Terrible, I couldn't wait to leave. The first night at 1am after traveling all day, my daughter had an ear infection and was wailing at the top of her lungs and crying in agony. I called the front desk to ask if they had a Doctor on call explaining our circumstance.  "No Maam we don't, I'd be happy to refer you to an agency that might be available.  And have a truly magical day." Magical Day?!  And it wasn't even day time it was night!  Much more magical now that I am anywhere not there, thank you very much.
Great building designs! We stayed at the nemo family suites, where it had 2 bathrooms, living room with sofa bed, dining table that turns into bed and bedroom. Nice pool with one side is a sprayground.  I like how they had life vests for the kids. The, what I call, cafeteria wasn't great.  The food was meh. It's good because it stays open til 12 am, but the food wasn't great. The hotel has a Disney store and an aracade. I love the bus services to the parks. Staff was friendly. Although housekeeping needs to be quiet when cleaning and stop yelling and gossiping so freakin loud across the hall.
Art of Animation is Disney's newest resort.  It is considered a Value + resort, so it is still affordable for most families. I had the opportunity to tour the resort and its grounds on my last visit in October.   The Little Mermaid rooms are decorated quite festively.  One building has King Triton guarding it.  The other has Ursula in front.  In between buildings is a statue of Prince Eric. The Cars Suites have to be some of my favorite rooms on property at Walt Disney World.  There are comfortable sleeping arrangements for 6 people, including special beds developed by Disney that make even the pull out sofa extremely comfortable with no center bar.   The other two suites are the Finding Nemo suites and the Lion King suites.  These are both fabulous for families and fans of these movies. I happen to love the food court here at the resort.  It has so many choices and is great for finding a Quick Service meal outside the parks.   This is a very good choice for those on a budget who are wanting to spend some time at The World.
Stayed here in January 2013 and loved it! This resort is brand new and considering that it is still a value resort, makes it great for families! We stayed in the Lion King section and our family suite was great. There were 4 adults and 2 kids and we all fit comfortably. The room had a master bedroom with an ensuite bathroom, a table that converted into a bed, a couch that converted into a bed, a little kitchenette and a main bathroom. The best part of this resort is the theme. Other value resorts at Disney have the larger-than-life icons, but AoA takes a new approach. Each section is designed to make you feel like you are literally in the movie itself! Plus, I personally love the focus on animation and the process. As loyal Pop Century stayers, the layout of the resort itself was very similar and we liked that (close proximity to the food court, single bus stop, etc.) Definitely recommend this place for families and groups looking to save some money, but enjoy the benefits of staying at a Disney resort!
Can I say freakin' awesome! It was freakin' awesome! We were upgraded from the Little mermaid rooms to a Cars Suite. The little mermaid rooms were just like Pop Century rooms, which was fine with us. The Cars Suite rocked! Two bathrooms and three beds! It was awesome! The Cars Alley is so awesome. Disney did better than awesome! I think my only little negatives I found: the beds are always rock hard in Disney resorts and the pools have way too much chlorine. So much chlorine, I can't drive after being in the pool. Otherwise, with a splash pad, 3 pools and tons to look at, it is worth the stay.
This is a value hotel so don't expect anything fancy.  The hotel is split into sections: Lion King, Little Mermaid, Cars, etc.. When I came for a weekend, we stayed in the Lion King suite, which has 1 bedroom and 2 bathrooms.  There are also two fold out beds in the living room area - one by the door and one in front of the television.  It's definitely a hotel meant for kids.  The seats are tree stumps, the wallpaper has giraffes, Simba on them - basically Lion King themed artwork everywhere in bright colors.  It was a bit overwhelming for me.  I can't quite relax when there are 3 giraffes over my bed, a sunset in the shower, and the first thing I see when I wake up is Simba in a jungle.  It can be annoying if it rains because you have to walk outside to get from the hotel lobby to the room.   The hotel lobby is pretty cool.  There are sketches of the disney characters on the wall and on the chandelier.  There is a cafeteria that opens pretty late and a souvenir shop for all your favorite disney gadgets.  As with all other disney hotels, they offer shuttle service to all the disney parks and downtown disney.  We've been fortunate enough where we never had to wait long for a shuttle.  There is also a pool, which we didn't use, with events/activities at night.  Seemed really popular with the kids when we were there.   Overall, it's an OK hotel - good for those with kids on a budget.
Love this hotel! I want to go back! We stayed there last Oct. for five days in the Little Mermaid Room. Although it was a walk to the buses and food court, there was so much to see! The resort is themed after different movies like Finding Nemo, the Lion King, and Cars. The food court was a real gem. There were so many choices that you just don't find anywhere else on property. I particularly loved the buckwheat character waffles and turkey bacon for breakfast. The transportation was excellent and we only had to wait once. We will be back. Count on it.
I stayed at art of animation when I was in Orlando doing the Disney princess half marathon.  It was amazing.  Our room was finding nemo themed and adorable.  It fit five girls comfortably.  The pool was huge and also themed.  The cafeteria in the hotel was reasonably priced and the good was excellent.  Staying at a Disney hotel definitely had its perks.  It was so convenient.  They brought our luggage to and from the airport for us and shuttle buses were always available to take you to the parks.  Great place to stay!
Every year I take my kids on a "family vacation" for at least a week.  Sometimes, it's just the 3 of us, sometimes my mom comes and sometimes it's my entire family.  My kids usually tell me where they want to go and I try to make it happen.  Last year my oldest asked for New York, the year before a cruise, etc.  This year they both begged for Disney World.  They obviously do not remember our 2007 "adventure" to Mickey's Hell on Earth.  Alas this year we added my girlfriend and her 2 daughters to the mix snd so we have 6 people.   So now we need 2 rooms or a suite.  It just so happens Mickey's minion slaves have added a new resort with suites in their "value" category, The Art of Animation Resort.  Woooohooooo! The 1st choice you make is whether you want The Lion King, Finding Nemo, or Cars themed suite. (The Little Mermaid is also here but it's just a motel......take that pretty little princess, you are not big enough for us!).  Each resort is decked out with huge picturific( my own new word) statues of the characters from their film.  The Cars resort is the best for picture taking as the side walk is a road through Radiator Springs complete with a little pool at the Cozy Cone Motel(The Cozy Cone Motel is not a motel...just a building to look like the movie. You cannot sleep here).  The Lion King suite has a bunch characters as well including a "Bone Yard" complete with Eddie the Hyena.  The Finding Nemo suite is the most convienent as it is centered and closest to the check in area, food court and the resorts biggest pool.   The pool is freaking awesome!  It's huge with tons of chairs to relax on.  There's a small sprinkler area for the little ones and Nemo characters actually spit water at you.  There is music underwater as you swim and the pool is open from 7am til 11pm.  There is a laundry mat on grounds, ping pong tables, a small playground, a lake behind the resort that I actually saw a guy decked out in camo fishing in.  That didn't seem very Magical to me.   The rooms are nice yet smallish.  There is a bedroom complete with queen sized bed, flat screen tv, and a full bathroom(no tub just a shower).  The main room has a dining table that folds down into a double bed, a sofa that also folds out into a bed, flat screen tv, a full bathroom(with tub), a kitchenette with sink, microwave and mini fridge.   Really a good deal for larger families.  I was with 5 women and was very happy to have two full bathrooms.  Although I do wish it was slightly bigger so I can hide from all the tampon conversations that took place.
They nailed it with this theme. The suites were amazing and they are nail on with the theme. It's a lot of room in the suites. We loved it. I love all the things that are there including the cars outside and the pools are awesome themed out especially the big blue pool where the lifeguards come to find nemo right before they get on shift. My son loved the splash pad the most. However, I try to ask the lifeguard a question and he wouldn't answer anything because he was walking and ignored my question completely which I get you have to keep your eye on but at least answer me. There was another lifeguard on duty. I think the food, people, and especially the building was amazing. I would only ever want to stay there
We spent one night here before moving on to the Old Key West resort, and I'm probably a bit spoiled by previously staying in Moderate and DVC resorts. This place costs less per night (hence us choosing it for our Saturday night) and the rooms are a bit smaller and the whole place more basic. But. It's still Disney, it's still clean and comfortable and well-decorated. It was just the two of us, so we were in a Little Mermaid room. Which is also the most basic room, so there's no kitchenette or coffeemaker either. (I need my coffee. It's really in everyone's best interest.) There was a mini fridge tucked into the dresser. Having seen other Disney resort rooms, I wouldn't want to stay here for an entire week. It's just not quite as homey or comfortable and I'd miss the small perks after a night or two. But as a basic hotel room, on property, it's a pretty good value.
Me and my kids loved this resort! I asked my daughter if she wanted to stay at a different resort or this one next trip and she quickly said "this one"! Easy to get to and almost right near a major entrance into Disney world and close to wide world of sports. Access to resort is gated so you need to check in with guard at gate. The check in area is huge and has a few places the kids can keep busy while the parents check in. Since it is the Animation resort there are places for kids to draw all around the main building. They even have an "artist sketch of the day" for the kids. They can draw on a paper provided by a cast member, turn it in and be voted to be posted for all to see! Very cool! The Ink & Paint store was large and had lots of goodies. The cafeteria had 3 areas where they featured different items depending on your taste buds. Everything I ordered was delicious! It was always busy but lines moved fast and tables were always cleaned, wiped down & available. The main pool was awesome! It was Nemo themed and had zero depth entry and a splash pad for the little kids. Lots of chairs and a pool bar called "the drop off" just off to the side. The themed room sections were so neat! They had cars, Nemo, lion king and little mermaid. The giant statues are cool. We stayed in the little mermaid section. It was the farthest from the main pool & building but it was also the cheapest. We did have a smaller pool by us but not as cool as the main pool. Our themed little mermaid room was just awesome! The carpet, wall art, bathroom, sink area all just decorated perfectly for this theme. The bathroom had a power flush toilet. The shower was lit up well considering it's decorated like Ariel's groto so it's dark blues. There was a sensor that would trigger a fan/heater every time you walked by or in the bathroom even if you didn't turn on the lights. The beds were comfy and there was an extra pillow available if needed. We could see Pop Century from our resort and it looked like there was a path you could walk to go over and explore but we didn't have time to do that-next time! I can't wait to take the kids back!!
Okay, so my fiancé and I are DISNEY VETS. We got engaged here a year ago, we really do love Disney World. And the colors of this resort as you pull in are going to hook you. It looks absolutely incredible. The cast members at the front desk were really helpful and sweet, but when we went to the luggage help desk to ask if they would hold our bags - the men there were SO RUDE. They wouldn't even speak to us. I don't understand how these people get hired. But anyway, we spent the whole day in the park before we got back and saw our room. I really liked it when I first walked in, but the more I thought about it - the more I realized this was a motel room. A really small, really uncomfortable hotel room. We were woken up multiple times by some weird vibrating sound that sounded like a phone on a hollow table. We could hear people next to us coughing and sneezing. I haven't have a cough in over ten years, but I had the WORST cough of my life while staying here. The lighting in these rooms are so uncomfortable and not-homey. I would rather rent a spot for a tent at Fort Wilderness than ever stay at this hotel again. I didn't look forward to ever coming back, even when I was so tired. It's so uncomfortable.
What a fun place to stay! Pretty pricey, but we just stayed for a night so it wasn't too bad (and I didn't even pay for it). We strayed in the Finding Nemo suite, which was lots of fun! Room for 6 people, and the decorations were so cute. They really go all out with their themes! The pool in the middle of the buildings was also in a Finding Nemo theme, and again, they went all out. Lots of fun for the kids! And the cafeteria at the resort was actually pretty decent. Good selection and pretty yummy! They also have wifi everywhere. Awesome.
I spent my 22nd birthday here in 2012 and loved it! The resort is BEAUTIFUL and the imagineers blew it out of the park with this one. Everything is so colorful and detailed. The rooms are spacious and spread out nicely. I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to stay on the property (For me and my family it's a MUST because it's extremely convenient and Disney is very accommodating to their guests.). Kids and adults alike will love it!
I just got back from a 5 day stay at Art of animation with my 2 year old son and wifey.  We stayed in one of the Nemo suites, and loved it.  If you have young kids this is the spot.  The themes are out of control, and the rooms are pretty big by disney standards.  Having the extra space and kitchen for the little dude made the days so much easier.   The pools and kid areas are also a lot of fun..and so colorful Be warned, the resort is big, so try and stay in Nemo as it is closest to the Animation Hall.  We never waited more than 5-10 minutes for a bus, and the rides were no longer than 15 minutes to any place at WDW.   The suites are sweet for small families, and I would easily stay there again over the moderate resorts.
I chose the Art of Animation because this hotel complex is one of the more newer hotel complexes at WDW. But the AoA is designed for families. There's nothing but suites here so you can have 3-4 people in a suite with either a Finding Nemo, Cars, Little Mermaid or Lion King theme. The complex has several buildings of each theme and you can walk around and take random pictures of your favorite Disney character. There's a big pool as you enter the complex from the main building with an appropriate Little Mermaid and Finding Nemo theme and a smaller pool in the Cars area with a Cars theme. And I like how they have a bar by the main pool area. The main building is where you check in at the hotel. It also has a big gift shop, the cafeteria and an arcade room. The bus transportation for all the theme parks and Downtown Disney are located here, so the convenience factor is pretty easy. Since AoA only has suites, the prices here are slightly more expensive than the value resorts, but you get a lot of amenities. If you're doing a WDW vacation, then stay at any of the Disney resorts since you don't have to worry about driving, etc. Transportation to/from the parks are easy and the Magic Kingdom Express to/from Orlando airport is included in your stay at any WDW resort.
Amazing cast members, clean, great food, huge Disney gift shop, the fastest check-in ever. I have children 11 yo/ 6 yo girls and they are in love with the Nemo family suite. We will definitely stay here next time.
We stayed here for the Disney Princess Half Marathon and really enjoyed it.  We usually stay at the Contemporary but decided to give this new and budget-friendly resort a try!  The lobby/Animation Hall is beautiful and houses an arcade, food court-style dining with several great choices (I never had anything I didn't like) and a big store.  This is also where the buses pick guests up. My friends & I stayed in the Little Mermaid section, which as others have said are the furthest away from Animation Hall (there's lots to see and great photo spots along the way, though, as you pass The Lion King building).  It's not convenient when you want to go refill your Disney travel mug (free refills!) but there is a mini fridge if you want to stock up a little.  The rooms were standard sized rooms in the Ursula building, and maybe a little on the small side, but we basically just went there to sleep so we didn't mind.  The decor was really cute and the rooms were kept clean.    My parents upgraded to a suite in the Cars building because it was a closer walk to bus drop-off and their room was awesome!  Disney never misses a detail! There's a large Big Blue Pool and a bar by the Nemo building (behind Animation Hall) and smaller pools by Cars and Little Mermaid. We would happily stay here again while keeping in mind the proximity of all the buildings (if you don't mind sharing rooms, we're just planning on splitting the costs of a few suites next time)!  My dad's only complaint was that he missed the convenience of having Monorail access at the hotel - we just took the bus to the Transportation Center to get our Monorail fix.
Stayed at this resort NYE week in the Finding Nemo suite with my family of 6. (2 adults, 4 kids)  The suite has a master bedroom and restroom, a murphy bed that converts to a table, a sofa bed and a separate restroom.  We were comfortable.  The room itself did not look old or dingy.  We took advantage of the shuttle bus to and from the parks/Downtown Disney.  The resort is decorated in Cars theme, Little Mermaid, and Lion King.  On our last day, we walked around the resort and took advantage of the great photo ops.  Our suite overlooked the Nemo pool where they showed a movie every night.  The staff were all friendly and helpful.  We visited the café twice, once for a late night dinner, and the pizza was not bad at all in price or taste.
Great family hotel staff was super friendly and accommodating I want to stress this is a family hotel which means only one small smoking area and kids everywhere.  The pool was the highlight of the whole trip for my daughter and the lion king room was a hit with my little guy.
My mother and friends stayed with me in a Lion King family Suite back in September. The resort overall is gorgeous and the family suite we had was spacious, plenty of room to actually sleep 6 if it was not all adults but still enough room for 5 adults. The walk from the room to the main building was pretty short where the shop, arcade, main pool, food court, and busses to the parks were located. The walk can be longer from the little mermaid wing but it is scenic and they do have their own pool unlike lion king which has only sculptures and photo ops. The various pools were not experienced but viewed and looked enjoyable to everyone involved. Inside the rooms you have a kitchenette with a microwave, mini fridge, small sink, and plenty of plates and utensils for any food you happen to bring back to share. The master bedroom's bed was very firm with comfortable pillows. The bed located in the sleeper sofa was big enough to hold two adults and was also pretty comfortable for a fold-our couch. The surprise was the pull down bed which was very firm and comfortable, even more so than the one experienced at the cabins in fort wilderness. I am recommending this resort's family suites to any small family who might otherwise get two value resort rooms.
Disney just opened the brand new Art of Annimation family style resort. This is the first property to feature all suites which sleep 6. The resort will have 4 themed sections. The first to open is the Finding Memo section. The additional 3 sections, Cars, Lion King, and The Little Mermaid, will open one per month July through September. The lobby area is covered in large animation panels from the four featured movies. There is a foodcourt style restaurant similar to the Allstar Resorts, offering fast-food counter service for standard fast food options. The different sections of the resort are pretty over the top immersion in the themes. The Finding Nemo area has huge statutes of brightly colored movie characters everywhere. The center of this area boasts Disney's largest swimming pool and water play area ever. The Cars section is built around the desert town from the movie...yes will full scale models of all the cars!!! This new resort is Disney's answer to families wanting to stay on property with more family members accompanied per room in their budget friendly resorts. It is brand new, well staffed with friendly cast members, and designed to cater to families with kids who love these movies.
Completely amazed and thrilled by the "new" resort at Disney. Well, take my review with a grain of salt -- this was my first experience with Disney and I brought along a three year old.  It's hard to see any bad parts when you add those two together. But I liked the resort, I really did.   Price: It seemed to fit the perfect price and feature point between the massively overpriced luxury resorts and the extreme value resorts.  The inclusion of a one bedroom suite for the price we got it at was exactly what we wanted.   Room: Perfect.  My toddler is used to sleeping in his own room and we've never shared one with him before so I was wary of grabbing a normal hotel room at Disney - and all the other suites were WAY too expensive.  This new resort with a majority of one suite bedrooms is exactly what we were looking for.  Having TWO bathrooms was also a huge plus - it allowed my wife and I to retire to our bedroom without disturbing the kid's sleep. Amenities: Loved it.  From the huge pool in the nemo wing to the awesome arcade and the tourist shop - everything was great.  We'd stop by the tourist shop every afternoon coming back from the parks and pick up a little trinket.  The pool was great to swim in after a long day at the parks. Food: This would be the only possible con I found at the resort.  Your only option is the massive food court that had limited healthy selections.  Outside of the Indian food - which is an acquired taste given the different spices - the only vegetables that I could find for my child were packages of pre wrapped raw carrots.  Pizza, subs, hamburgers were the norm.  I would have liked some "normal" types of dinner options for a hot line. All in all, we'll be back here next year.
I got to stay here on the 2nd day of opening, it's a really nice place if you are looking to stay on Disney property and need a little extra space as it sleeps up to 6 people comfortably. My sisters, their kids, and I all stayed in the Finding Nemo suites. The room itself offers 3 beds: a Queen size bed with it's own separate room and bath, a Murphy bed that doubles as the dining area that folds down, and a convertible couch bed. The 2nd bathroom isn't as big as the one in the bedroom but the shower/toilet are separate from the vanity area. One cool feature that I haven't seen in a hotel is that all the locks on the doors and entrance ways use proximity cards, something to keep in mind when you come up to locked entrance and don't see a regular card reader to insert your room key. The dining area is similar to Pop century's but smaller and offers different type of food including Indian inspired dishes! Prices are decent and they are generous with the portions. The grounds and pool area are very nice as well, the artwork and statues were very well done, even the shrubs fit the Nemo theme as they looked like underwater plants! A night's stay can be pretty pricey, so if you're on a budget and don't mind squeezing into a room, stay at Pop Century and cross the "Generation Gap Bridge" to check this place out. Regular rooms should be available near the end of the year, so this is the alternative for now.
Our room was so far from the 'lobby' that you would think they would at least give you a coffee pot or microwave so you don't have to get up first thing and drag yourself so far to their huge cafeteria with screaming children just to get your first cup of caffeine for the day. We were in the newest wing, the Little Mermaid and not only was it so far away it was extremely loud. Every time somebody shut their door, opened their door, rolled a suitcase by your room it woke you up. It was horrible. Last the cell phone service at this resort and most of the parks was crap. I have Verizon and my phone was roaming or could not pick up a signal. Friends we were with who had other carriers had the same problem. My phone was dead by noon from seeking a signal. It makes it hard to coordinate with your traveling party when you can't use your phone.
Awesome! Great artistry work! The customer service here was excellent. We stayed in the Cars Suite. It felt like we had been thrown into a cartoon program. There was plenty of room for 3 adults and a 4 year old to roam around in the suite. The food was very expensive. $10.00 for a hot dog? Yikes! Next time we will invest in the dining plan. All in all we love this place. We will definitely stay here again.
Beautiful resort. It's fairly new, so people haven't really seen many downsides here, but I've been to other Disney resorts and they were just as nice and clean, just older. Awesome themes - Lion King suites, Cars, Nemo and Little Mermaid coming soon. We stayed at the Finding Nemo suites and they were very well done and set up. The pool was right out the door of our building and was pretty huge. The staff was friendly, the place was clean and it wasn't super crowded. They also have an arcade if the weather sucks. The rooms are spacious with two bathrooms, a small kitchen area and fit about 6 adults comfortably. The main building is decked out in very awesome Disney themed art and their check in desks are fully staffed so you're never standing around waiting to be serviced. Food area was decent as well, but a bit pricey and the portions were small. Definitely too small for those prices. You're better off driving to the International Drive vicinity to grab a meal from myriad locations such as Denny's, IHOP, etc. I'd recommend the Nemo suite over the others, despite not having been to the others, only because it seems to be the only one directly near the pool and main building, so it's convenient, but they all looked nice from the outside. There's another pool, but this one is the biggest and nicest. My only gripe would be that the free wifi and phone reception is pretty awful. I could barely ever use my iPad or laptop from the room and could never make a call without having to walk to the main building or that immediate area near it. Otherwise, this place is amazing. I'll try to upload photos when I get a minute.
I didn't stay here but it was close to Disney's Pop Century resort where I stayed and I was able to roam freely at this hotel. Now if you want to feel like you're staying at Disney, this is one of the better budget hotels you could stay at Disney. Each location is dedicated to a different movie like Cars, the Little Mermaid or Finding Nemo and is themed in that manner.  It was a very colorful hotel and the employees looked like they were colorful as well. Next time I come to Walt Disney World resort I would probably try to stay at this resort first before any of the others.
