We have been here twice in a month and are planning to come again this weekend. We love the ambiance and the variety of food options. The location is far from where we live, but there is not another restaurant like this one in Orlando! The prices are decent for the quality of food that you receive and I would say two people could split 3 plates easily unless you're both really hungry. Out of 6 plates we have tested, we weren't crazy about one...so that's pretty good odds! The pizzas are a great deal for the price and quality. We can't wait to come eat here again! The beautiful art on the walls (which all can be purchased), in-house artist and tarot card reader, and the sporadic live music are added perks.
Absolutely amazing food, the jalapeño Mac n Cheese is a revelation! The duck and chicken con fit is awesome another must try. Also give the dynamite shrimp a go. I will be back next time I'm in Orlando.
I have gone to this tapa restaurant numerous times and I always bring out-of-town guests here. Everyone always raves about this place and requests we go back when they return to town. Excellent variety of tapas, very flavorful and/or spicy (the mac-n-cheese is great!), The martinis are also very good.  Our servers have always been friendly and fun. This is a great place to share food with friends to "try something out" and re-order again if its a hit! You can continuously order while sitting at the table and that is one of the benefits of the tapa style. If this becomes one of your favorite places and you want to bring friends and guests here, ask for a "$50 for 50" card. Once you get 50 stars (one star for every guest, including yourself), management gives you a $50 bill. I've filled my card up twice in the last year and a half! Great benefit for a great restaurant. The art work on the walls and the tarot card reader and dancers (depending on the night) also add a festive touch to the place, which will have your guests thanking you for a memorable night!
Warning, not tapas... or topless for that matter. OK... not bad. Food seinlection is good, drinks were watery and frumpy, and salt is the missing ingredient in each dish we tried. Still good for a change of pace, if you've been living on hotel/resort food. I think the noodles were precooked/bagged, which was sad. But, what what, the girl with the 30 or so light-up hula hoops is definitely what makes the 4th star possible.
unexpected surprise.  our team randomly headed here from a few good comments on Yelp.  the food was good and priced reasonably well.  lively music, salsa and a great find. Three people, two bottles of Sangria, multiple plates of food and for a price less then $90.
What a great place. Sandwiched in between all the chain joints on I drive is this cool cafe with great food, walls covered in art, artists creating live and entertainment. Its casual, fun and the food is outstanding. The roasted pears on pecan crisps were crazy good.
One of the most amazing place. Superb service, great ambience and top of the line food. I ordered gator bites, dynamite shrimp, salmon burger, falafel - all were extremely good. For drinks - mojito was made very creatively. I shared the table with 2 other strangers (it was my choice) and they loved the food as well.
Great place to stop and go! Try the Salmon bites and the jalapeño shrimps!!!
This is such a cool place. It has great food, nice live music, folks dancing and local artists selling their goods. You cannot ask for anything more. My date and I went here with a plan to eat a little. But, everything looked good. We started out with the recommended 3 plates but decided we would get what we wanted. We ordered the dynamite shrimp, which puts you in the mind of Bonefish's bang bang shrimp and maybe even PF Changs appetizer. I like Bonefish's so I likened it to that one. We also ordered salmon sliders and meatballs stuffed with cheese. You only received three meatballs and three sliders. But both were a nice size. I had my eye on a special dessert so I politely chose to eat one of each. This was the only way to ensure there was room for the banana treat to come. We ordered the banana cinnamon flatbread dessert. It had caramel drizzled on it   AND ice cream. Man ol' man, we loved it. It was a favorite. They offer free valet parking and live music is offered each night. The restaurant is decorated with various types of art and some of the work is that of local artists. Of some note, the restaurant does have various featured chefs. The current chef changed the menu. I believe the only item that remains from the older menu is the dynamite shrimp. I would highly recommend this place if you are in the area.
Have nothing bad to say about this place. My only negative comment is that it is too loud. My favorite dish was the chicken egg rolls with salmon sliders being second. The banana pizza for dessert is very unique and definitely a try if you love bananas.
After braving the Chain-tastic International drive for a day or so, we hit up Yelp and found what appeared to be rave reviews for this place! We utilized the free valet services, and were seated right away. Our server was friendly and helpful with the meal, and guiding us toward vegetarian options. The food good, not great. The dishes came out in a nice order, and with appropriate timing. We had spinach dip, mac & cheese, and one of the flat breads. None of them were remarkable, but they were all decent. My main disappointment came with the dessert. It thrilled my socks off to see chocolate budino listed as the special dessert of the evening! I am a budino enthusiast, and it's not as common to find it on a menu! Sadly, it was a flop for us. It was nothing like the pudding texture I've had in budino before, and instead was a super heavy mousse/cake frosting texture made up of very dark chocolate with sour rhubarb mixed in. It was just plain sad. As with any experience, maybe we ordered wrong or the chef was having an off night, but for $40+ I just wasn't that excited about the food...
Located off I drive, Tu Tu Tango is a tapas restaurant for the masses.  Years ago, when I first discovered Tu Tu's it was a really great restaurant.  The food was creatively and thoughtfully prepaid.  The menu was interesting and the space was fun and exciting.  Like many places, things have gone a bit down hill.   During my most recent visits, the music was too loud, the tables were a little sticky.  Plate and drink sizes seem to be shrinking, but prices are going up.  The menu has not really changed since 2004.  The colorful art on the walls (for sale and overpriced) has gotten increasingly poorer in quality and taste.  I guess I am just a little disappointed.  For a chain restaurant, I thought this place kinda had it going on.   One saving grace for this restaurant is the Roasted Pear on Pecan Crisps.  It just might be the best thing on the menu!  With a partially saddened heart, I suppose I will leave Tu Tu Tango to the I -drive tourists who don't know any better.
Freaking amazing!  Thanks to trusty Yelp, I discovered this place online and convinced my traveling partners to go check it out for dinner before a night of dancing. I don't even know where to start.  This is a very lively and colorful place.  The walls are covered from top to bottom in a vast amount of artwork that is for sale.  There is even an artist there painting in the middle of the restaurant, although the work on the walls was definitely done by a variety of people.  We also had a gentleman (Alex) who is a "card manipulator."  He gave us the impression that he doesn't like to be called a magician, etc.  ;)  He was so good at what he did that even the people at our table that wanted to be annoyed by him became captivated.  Really unique!  And THEN...there is a couple who does flamenco dancing and they are GREAT!  They performed a few times over the course of our meal and during the last show they grabbed some people from our table to partake.  Such a fun time! Now to the food...it is just as colorful and exciting as the decorum.  We had a lot of plates, as it is a fusion tapas joint and we had 5 people to please...along with some pitchers of white sangria and mojitos.  Our absolute favorite food was the roasted pears on pecan crisps.  They were so good, in fact, that we ordered another round of them after we finished off the rest of the food.  The Beef Napoleon was my second favorite.  Everything we ate was full of flavor and was of high quality. This was definitely a perfect place to start off a night of dancing.  We definitely got our second wind after visiting!
Love this place. We come here every time we r in Orlando. The tapas are awesome & its a hip trendy loud place with great drinks.
I got off work at 11 on New Year's Eve and wanted to grab a bite to eat. We chose TuTu Tango because it was close and had eaten here years ago. It was such a nice surprise. They had live music going on the patio and it was so festive inside. They gave us hats and noise makers. Very nice and unexpected ! The food and drinks were  tasty. I had a fun tropical drink special. We had hummus and pita, nice and garlicky. We had a yummy goat cheese timbale. My favorite was the pork belly sliders with potato salad . They were moist and delicious . We finished with a crispy little basket of empanadas . The restaurant was fun and eclectic. We would go back with friends.
I wish this place were downtown. There's always something going on here. The walls are covered in art, someone will probably be painting on canvas, and eventually a Flamenco belly dancer will shimmy her way through the narrow aisles. As a vegetarian, I have no trouble finding meals to eat while dining with carnivores. Service is so-so, but I mainly come here for the food & vibrant atmosphere. My only complaint is that I always end up spending too much and I never have enough room for desert, which is a shame. Because have you seen their desert?
Imagine, if you will, that a funky rockabilly art house, a Mexican restaurant, a south western yard sale and a craft fair exploded in the confines of one space. The result would undoubtedly be Tu Tu Tango, a fairly large tapas joint taking up residence in the touristy part of town. Though they probably make out like bandits from the theme park crowds, that's no reason for locals or food lovers to avoid trying the menu here. Small plates and reasonably priced, Tu Tu offers South West/Cajun/Mexican influenced dishes with a few random plates in the mix (Oxtail Risotto and Sichuan Eggplants?!) to keep things interesting. As another reviewer mentioned, it's an accessible, affordable way for people to try dishes they would previously pass up. For lunch, you can easily have two dishes per person and split a pizza, and be completely satisfied and full. It's plenty of food and a good amount of variety. We ordered the shrimp and chicken pot stickers (mushy and lacking flavor, the least of the bunch), bacon-wrapped stuffed shrimp (it's wrapped in bacon, of course it's delicious), carne asada (tender and juicy, you can wrap up the steak in a tortilla, and add the guacamole and salsa as you please)  roasted pears on pecan crisps (like perfect little dessert, a sweet/savory combo that really stood out) and south-western pizza (beans, cheese, tomatoes and jalapenos), which we washed down with a tart sangria. For dessert, which polished off some cheesecake lollipops and strawberries, both covered in chocolate. Tu Tu Tango does what it does well--delicious, family-friendly food at good prices, with something for everyone on the menu. Nothing fancy to see here, but with the variety of dishes, It's really hard to be disappointed, except those pot stickers! A bonus for TuTu is their support of local artists and their events programs. Tuesdays feature live music and they often have arts drawing or painting right there in the restaurant, while the walls are adorned with other local creations.
This place F'in rocks.  they have local artists showing off there works, nice atmosphere, belly dancers and great unique foods.  there feta spinach walnut dip served cold is great. seriously all the food i ate there was off the hook.  they have a great selection of beers on tap and the drinks are great as well.  the menu items are all appetizers so its not inconceivable to order 3 things, although most people only order 2.   if your in Orlando check it out!
It took me a lot of time thinking about my experiences here before writing a review. I have been here for lunch on and off for the last 3 years and once for dinner. Cafe Tu Tu Tango is tapas style restaurant. The creators where inspired and created this concept while visiting Barcelona, Spain. So you will see some of the ideas presented in the menu, as well as using some local items like aligator. Over the past 3 years I have had some really excellent dishes, and along the way some disappointments. One of the problems when reviewing this restaurant is that the menu* changes often. It's great to get to try new things, epsecially if you are a regular but can be kind of upsetting when one of your favorite items disappears. Sush as their Stuffed Breaded Mushrooms, the plate was 4 stuffed mushrooms, in a delicious spicy horseradish sauce. It was perfect to share among fellow mushroom lovers. Now it is replaced with a stuffed portabello $8 dollars which in my opinion is not as good and hard to share with friends. Other times other menu items pop up and become new favorites, like the Chipotle Chicken Ropa Vieja with cheddar cheese, tostones, pico de gallo and avacado-cilatro cream for $8. It comes piled high on a plate but is delicious and can be split up for sharing. A quick comment about wether or not you share. If you are not planing on sharing your plates, start of with 3 to 4 selections you can always order more if you are hungry.  Plates range in prices and portions and this place is not an inexpensive tapas place. I usually spend around 30 dollars or more depending on what I am drinking. I also start off with the Tango Hummus $4. It's a good plate for sharing. The saganaki at $8 which is flaming cheese, flambeed in brandy was delicious and came with bread was easily shared among friends, One of which has been to Greece and said this was pretty spot on. Every so often a menu item will disappoint me. I was not a fan of their duck mango quesadilla, which is no longer on their menu. For me it has been very few times, I can only remember twice. Not everything is for everyone so there is bound to be a plate which you will not agree with if you go here often but  that is the beauty of tapas when sharing there is always someone bound to like it if you don't. Their salads are pretty large portions for tapas and are easily shared. The seasame seared tuna sashimi is delicious at $10 dollars its a bit pricey for the size but everyone who has ever ordered it seemed happy. Skewers are also easily shared my favorite is the flame grilled baby lamb chops for $12 and the cuban grilled steak skewers for $8 I love their pizzas they had a few that I don't see on the menu that were delicious, a crab pizza which is no longer on the menu was my favorite but the 5 cheese pizza currently on their menu at $9 is delicious and a good size, easy for sharing. They turn out a great pizza crust. The calamari for $9 is what you would expect calamari to be, it doesn't disappoint it is delicious, if you are a little more adventurous go for the tango alligator bites $8 it's also very good and if you are visiting from out of state, let's be honest, you aren't going to get a chance to eat gator very often. I had a shrimp dish there, I can't remember much about it except that it was good. Perhaps it was the bang bang shrimp it did come with a dipping sauce as was quite good. Plenty to drink here, with quite a few beers, mixed drinks, and wine. The sangria is good, If you are with a group you may want to get the pitcher instead of paying per glass. The service for lunch is awesome, on the weekdays it isnt very busy, it's a great lunch date sort of place, lots of art on the walls to discuss. It's also a great place for a special lunch for coworkers or if you boss is planning on taking everyone to a special lunch, nominate tu tu tangos. :) Dinner is exciting, a lot louder with entertainment at times. Service is still great but it will be a lot busier. Great time to celebrate with friends. If you are on a budget but you still want to go,  try 3 items - one in the 3-5 dollar range like the cup of soup or the hummus, one in the middle 5-8 and one on the more expensive side 8-12. The Chef Selections - these are always changing. I have had some excellent things off of here. Sometimes they run out though, and if you are planning to order off the chef selections I'd pick one as they are more pricier items and it is hard to judge how they will turn out since they are not regular menu items. All in All I love this place. There is something for everyone here. *review of menu and prices are taken from their menu here cafetututango.com/menu/C… as of 2/15/02010
Delicious tapa bar!! I had the Duck Confit quesadillas and the alligator bites, they were amazing! Also, I definitely recomend the argentinian beef skewer with chimichirri, my mouth waters!!!
Came here with a bunch of friends on Tie night! Love the interesting and colorful decor, and the freelance artists and artwork on the walls and in the restaurant itself. The staff was really friendly and even came over to help us tie ties, which gave us a 10-20% discount of some sort, which was awesome! The food was pretty good too. The drinks were a little watered down and not worth the penny, but some of the tapas were delicious. The seared salmon mini burgers were amazing, bbq glazed pork ribs had a decent portion size and were really tasty too, jalapeno mac and cheese was perhaps my favorite actually, and the chocolate dipped cheesecake lollipops are a nice way to end the evening. A little pricey, but granted it's tapas, and the ties discount helped. Didn't mind the bellydancing act that showed up halfway through dinner, which was great. Definitely would come back with a group another time.
Rating: 2.5 I  wanted to really really like this place, but it just doesn't lend itself to it. I've been there about six times, so believe me I have tried! The bohemian ambiance is great and interesting. One can buy any painting on the wall, if one was so inclined to do so. It is a tapas kind of place, not so much related to the Spanish tapas though. It has an infusion of food items from American to Mexican and beyond. My main issue with Cafe Tu Tu Tango is the food. It's not bad, it's just ehh okay. I expected the food to be of a greater quality. It's just not  tasty, it's bland. I would compare it to frozen TV food. The service is hectic in the weekends.  When I've been in the weekends, it always takes a long time for my group's food to come out. The waiter  literally comes once for the drinks, once for the food, and once to pick up the check after tracking him down. However, my disappointment with the place is the food, not the service. The service I can stand. Hey I've been to the restaurant numerous times for a person who dislikes this place. What I've ordered there? - Picadillo and cheese empanadas - Prosciutto and mango flatbread - Steak skewers - Duck - Calamari Main Idea: Great atmosphere to go out with friends that are artsy or like that sort of thing. The service is average. The food is a major flaw!
I really can't rave enough about my experience here.  Yes, I use the word "experience" because it's so much more than just a meal.  I was consumed with art as soon as I walked through the door and immediately fell in love with the ambiance and decor.   There are so many brilliant pieces of art displayed from local artists which are available for purchase.  I fell in love with quite few pieces and will definitely return for art purchases in the future!   Throughout the evening I watched a local artist paint, was entertained by dancers, and enjoyed the music of a live band. The servers were absolutely amazing and their smiles were contagious!  They went above and beyond!  The manager also came by and I had a very nice chat with him. Now on to the food!  My two favorites were the Five Cheese Pizza and the Tango Dynamite Shrimp.  I am not normally a fan of anything spicy, but the shrimp had just  a slight "kick" which was not overwhelming.  I think I could have eaten my weight in the shrimp alone!!   I also really enjoyed the Steak Skewers; although, they were a tad bit salty for my taste.  My husband loved the steak skewers and didn't find them to be salty.  The Cayo Hueso Wings were good, but after two bites I had to stop because they were way too hot for my sensitive taste buds.  However, the wings were one of my husband's favorites (he loves spicy). My husband had the Seared Tuna which was another favorite for him.  He also really enjoyed the Chicken Flautas.  The only item we didn't care for were the Shrimp and Chicken Potstickers; however, to be fair, I think it was more of a texture issue for us rather than a taste issue.   For dessert we had the Almond Flan, Rocky Road Cookie Pizza, and the Chocolate Dipped Strawberries.  The strawberries were huge and delicious.  The Rocky Road Cookie Pizza was something like I've never tasted before and very difficult to describe, but it was amazing and a dessert a highly recommend.  My favorite was the Flan; each bite was like a little piece of Heaven!   They have very good specialty drinks.  We shared a Picasso Punch which was very good, but for the rest of the evening my husband stuck to the Gentleman Jackson Pollock and I had a few too many of the Michelangelo Mojitos! :)  I can honestly say it's the best Mojito I've ever had and if you are of drinking age you absolutely must try one!  Once you try one though, I can't promise you'll be able to stop. Haha We stayed for a couple of hours after finishing our food enjoying the live music, the ambiance, and the amazing drinks.  This is a spot we'll be frequenting as often as we get the chance!
The atmosphere was fun, and our waiter was really good considering how busy he was, but I was underwhelmed by the food. Most of it tasted like something I could make at home. There were a few really good plates. If you want to avoid things you could cook yourself, stay away from the olive and cheese plate, meatballs, alligator bites, and flatbread pizza. The pear appetizer on the pecan cracker was something new and different I would highly recommend. The cheesecake pops were very rich and tasty, but I think they gave me a cavity. Try to not to order safely, branch out! I would come back for a happy hour as prices are high when you order 4 plates, but I will be more adventurous with my choices next time. Also, I didn't see what all the rave was over the sangria, but maybe I ordered the wrong type.
I'm so disappointed! This used to be an awesome place years ago, but my past two experiences have not been good. Service has been fine, but the food is now sub-par. The executive chef Tiffany Sawyer's dishes did not have good flavor mixes at all. Every single one she put together that we ate (goat cheese timbale, crispy falafel, Thai shrimp lollipops, and fish tacos) were not good. They tended to be either too bland or the flavors did not work together and all the textures were odd, most being too soft and mushy. The guava pork ribs, roasted pears, and hummus were still good. The dish I miss the most was the tuna tartare and smoked salmon spread. They should go back to four servings per plate, knock the prices down a few dollars a dish since the quality of the food has been so bad for the past few years, and go back to delicious sauces and less ingredients per dish instead of adding more items that sound interesting but are tasteless and badly thought out.
Here's my order: Calamari, Roasted Pears, Cuba Libre, Empanadas, and Almond Flan or Creme Brulee. Almost everything here is amazing! I love the mojitos and the atmosphere. It you are the artsy type, you will love Cafe tu tu tango. The menu is eclectic and has something for everyone. I usually spend $50 easily but well worth it. Great for crowds, dates, and families. I love the belly dancing and tarot card readers. My kind of place!
This was a great place to stop in while traveling in Orlando. Before we even talk about the food, the ambiance is just cool. Local artists were represented all over every available surface. Even cooler, there were some artists creating right there. This Spanish scene just had an earthy, eclectic and very creative vibe that carried into the food. In terms of tapas, these are very solid. We had quite a few plates and they ranged from good to awesome. Some surprising ingredients as well if you're into food adventure. We tried the fried alligator and thought with a little less breading it could have been great. The service was spot on. And of course, I loved the dog friendly outdoor patio. This is a place I will go out of my way to try again.
It was a nice break from the chains. The food was pretty tasty. Nothing too special. There was also a lady painting vaginas in a surreal style. Not joking.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a loud, vibrant restaurant that is perfect for a group because everything is appetizer sized and great for sharing. I love the concept and the atmosphere. Be warned that the restaurant is very LOUD so it's not the place for intimate conversation. Besides the loud music and local artists setting up shop you'll likely find some type of performer- the night we visited it was in the form of a Flamenco dancer. Food and service were just OK. In fact, I'd give service 2 stars and food 3 stars. When our server spoke it was very quiet and mumbly. Did I say this place was loud?!? We found ourselves having to constantly have him repeat himself- you would have thought he would have gotten the hint. He was also less than attentive and did a poor job of helping us navigate the menu. He would recommend things on the menu but I got the feeling he didn't think too highly of any of the food. They recommend two items per customer. We chose a variety: Calamari($9), Cajun Egg Rolls ($10), Carne Asada ($9), Crab Rangoon and Artichoke Dip ($9), Macadamia Crusted Mahi Skewers ($10), Bacon Wrapped Shrimp ($9), and Pot Stickers ($8) followed by dessert of chocolate brownie sundae and chocolate dipped cheesecake on a stick, both $7. What to get again: Calamari- the table favorite, it was cooked nicely with a good crunch and two slightly spicy dipping sauces. The Carne Asada had a nice flavor but it was small. What not to get again: The Crab Rangoon dip- just plain ick. No one at the table wanted to finish it. It was an oily mess. Both the shrimp and Mahi were overcooked and dry. The cheesecake dessert blew away the brownie sundae. No comparison. The cheesecake was coated in a hard chocolate shell that was rich and creamy. The brownie for the sundae was dry. DRINKS ARE WEAK. Not only is there little alcohol in the drinks but the glasses are filled to the top with ice. Stick with a carafe of red sangria or beer. So as you can see go for the fun and novelty but don't expect much from the food. If you get there before 7pm they have a sculptor who works specifically with kids. For a donation you can have you child create a cool piece of art in minutes. My three year old helped make a hammerhead shark- it was the highlight of his day!
When in Orlando we got lost driving to our hotel and passed Cafe Tu Tu Tango and remembered it from a previous visit. We don't get out here too often. One night this is where we went to dinner and, since we left a hat here, we came back for lunch the next day. We *really* like this place, the food is interesting and tasty and the atmosphere is funky and cool. There are a lot of bad, boring places to eat in Orlando--this is a GREAT ALTERNATIVE. Enjoyed by food loving adults and their tween each time we've gone!
This place is awesome! Once you walk in, whatever you see on the walls is up for sale. Expect for the giant leopard ass that is above one of the emergency exits -- that's definitely not for sale. We asked our server if we could buy it and we were told that we couldn't. Suck! But as far as everything else, the place is cute. There's tons of local artists in the restaurant trying to sell their creations/artwork. As far as the food goes, the tappas were delicious. Just order a few plates between your friends and keep ordering if you are still hungry. I was disappointed with their sangria -- it was watered down so minus 1 for that. Otherwise, definitely check this place out!
love it. I stumbled in here one time and couldn't wait to get back! It's quite an experience. Amazing artwork everywhere, artists working right in the restaurant, and tons of unique foods to try!
I've been coming to this place for about 20 years now, and it still never fails to disappoint. The food is delicious (and always delivered hot, because everything you order isn't going to come out at the same time), and the sangria is sublime. Some of the best I've had, and always served in a fresh glass with even more fresh fruit, even when you order by the carafe. I lived in Orlando for years, and it never made sense how this awesome place that supported local artists, had great dancing and musical performances, and just wonderful food was located in the middle of America's biggest tourist trap. But for some reason it works, and it's usually filled with locals that truly appreciate the art on the walls as well as the tapas on their plates. The bigger a group you go with, the better, as you'll be able to try more and more things. I'd give recommendations, but everything I've ever had is so good. The goat cheese flatbread is awesome, and so is anything involving steak and a skewer. And don't sleep on the bananas foster dessert served on an artists palate. Don't let all the 3 star hotels and crappy tourists stuff around you be a distraction, this place is the real deal, and an Orlando institution. Be sure to check it out!!
This is by far the best Tapas restaurant I've been to in Orlando! I love love love this place. Did I mention I love this place...ha! Well, not only is their food amazing, but the art work, artist there painting, the entertainment are the best and it creates the whole experience when dining there. You can go there for a nice chill lunch and admire the art work or go there on a Friday night and party it up with the local artsy fartsie's in the area!
Lots of hype. Much more bark than bite. It must only survive because of the tourists because, if I lived here, I would definitely not return. No prose this time, just my notes. Empanadas tasty Weak booze and soda. They charged me 75 cents extra to make a $9 margarita decent LOUD Salty calamari Spicy flautas and sweet mango relish were good Tomatillo sliders overpowered by goat cheese Thick pepperoni flatbread very basic but good Langostino mac and cheese nothing special Fish tacos needs some spice The meatballs were cold and bland and -barely- saved by the caraway creme fraiche
On a business trip to Orlando and decided to give Tu Tu Tango a shot. Started with the Hearts of Romaine Cesar salad which was ok. Move on to the Tango Wrapped and Stuffed Shrimp which was delicious and not overcooked. Next was the Grilled Guava BBQ ribs. The meat fell off the bone and the flavor was just right. Next up was the Cuban Grilled Steak Skewers. Mild seasoning and very tasty. The Famous Cajun Egg Rolls and Sicilian Quesadilla were also excellent. The roasted Pears on Pecan crisps were light and the Bleau Cheese worked perfectly with the sweetness of the pears! The Macadamia crusted Mahi Mahi Skewers were good but the sauce was a little too sweet for my taste. To summarize: the food was great. The live entertainment was great. Would I go back? Absolutely!
I've been here on other occasions but yesterday I was here to participate in the filming of "Unwrapped."  It happened during the afternoon so the restaurant was not loud or crowded, just a few lunch patrons, cameras and lights, Marc Summers, crew and extras. What a cool thing to happen at this restaurant! I was able to eat a few dishes but not sure of what they are listed as on the menu since they were just brought over for the shoot. -Potstickers, nothing too special about it but they were tasty -Largest stuffed pepper I've ever seen, breaded and stuffed with cheese or something creamy. There was a sauce dribbled over the top and marinara on the plate. Yummy! There was a very slight kick to it though so don't try to eat it with an empty glass..you'll want something to wash it down. -Hummus with pita bread and sesame chips...so good that you could eat the whole thing without sharing! =) I was only there for a few hours and a few dishes but I can't wait to try something else!
Overpriced art on display, mass produced food, TOTAL tourist spot. If you want cuban food, go to Yayas.
Leading up to a very fun night, we made a reservation to meet for dinner at Café Tutu Tango.  Before we arrived we checked out the menu and eyed a couple items to try. When we arrived, our party of six decided to order one dish each to share which makes for fun food tasting. To start, I ordered the Jalapeno Margarita to drink. I love spicy cocktails which often can slow you down with the heat it packs, but this was mellow and tasty. Jalapeno Margarita: goo.gl/ijmFe  My guy went for a sampler of some of his favorite types of beer on tap. Beer Sampler: goo.gl/02Ets We ordered the following small plates: *Goat Cheese Timbale:  Buttermilk softened goat cheese, green apples, almonds, dried seasonal fruit, balsamic glaze, toasted baguettes goo.gl/CRzEM *Dynamite shrimp: Spiced crispy shrimp, sweet chili aioli goo.gl/l13ZQ *Cajun chicken egg rolls: Roasted corn, cheddar, goat cheese, creole mustard. goo.gl/tP63f * Duck & Chicken confit quesadilla: duck & chicken confit, caramelized onions, fennel, oaxaca queso fresco, ranchero sauce. goo.gl/98eqe *Spiced alligator bites:  Local, central florida wild gator meat,  key lime mustard goo.gl/5Jgfk *Fruit Braised Short Rib Meat in Lettuce Cup goo.gl/XUveS *Crispy Pork Belly Sliders: goo.gl/TGhVs *Mussels and Pomme Frites: goo.gl/m85JU Everything was good. There was not one thing that I did not like, yet the Short Rib Meat in the Lettuce Cup, Goat Cheese Timbale and the Mussels stood out. I really enjoyed the Alligator bites too, sort of like a chicken or calamari fried popper. Now I can say I've tried gator. ;) For my final drink and dessert of the night, I had the Michelangelo Mojito:  Bacardi dragonberry, fresh mint, lime & strawberries; splash of sprite and club soda goo.gl/HBueY  Very refreshing. I liked Café Tutu Tango a lot, there is a lot to look at. Art lines the walls and the furniture and lighting are artsy as well. It's a fun place to get drinks and order up a bunch of small plates for sampling. More is better!
Interesting - menu looked a bit weird on line but loved everything we ordered. Great atmosphere and service, will certainly be back
A home run experience! A friendly and efficient service staff easily took care of us. We thought we'd have to wait quite a while, judging from the crowd in the foyer. However, but the time we sidled up to the bar, picked out a sangria, our buzzer was calling us to grab our table. The big wins were the pumpkin pizza - different but lovely, the roasted beet salad - a sweet dressing rife with cranberries, and the fried mushroom ravioli - truffle oil makes it. We were having such a good time, and our waitress was so great, she came over and asked if we were still hungry. I said, "Yeah, I can eat." So, she said, "Well, here is a free duck salad." Wow! And to top it all off, we got a free floor show of a local belly dancer. So, you get beet, booze, and bellies. Voila!
I was in town for a conference in June and not too happy to be in Orlando I must confess - this restaurant was the best and most memorable moment of the trip!  Knowing it's a chain makes it even more noteworthy because this was a very unique and cool place - not like most chain restaurants.  The variety of food was awesome and there were several items on the menu that my group ordered several portions of - one of which was the pear/pecan/bleu cheese option - yum!  The decor is very very cool and completely transports you from the scary rollercoaster weirdness of Orlando - a good thing!
Snap Judgement:  I love the vibrant and upbeat atmosphere at Café Tu Tu Tango.  Above all, I'm mad about eclectic and tapas-style food! Everything that we ordered were exceptionally prepared and packed with flavors.   Do try:   + Dynamite Shrimp, Crispy shrimp tossed in sweet chili-garlic aioli.  OMFG, it was delicious!  Creamy and spicy, what a combination!   + Cayo Hues Wings, Mango-habanero cilantro sauce and celery slaw.  Chicken was fried and crispy.  The mango-habanero cilantro sauce had a good amount of kick.  The kind of kick that would make a sissy man cry. + Cuban Grilled Steak Skewers, Poblano mashed potatoes and lime steak sauce.  Holy Moly, I didn't see that coming.  The steak was more than just a piece of meat.  It was seasoned with black pepper, which gave it a pungent flavor.  The Poblano mashed potatoes, this egg-size of deliciousness had been deep fried.  It was crispy on the outside, soft and velvety on the inside.  Move over Hush Puppies, I have found your replacement! Honorable mentions: + Macadamia Crusted Mahi Mahi Skewers.  Cooked a la plancha; with pineapple-jasmine rice and soy-coconut sauce.  Man, that was good too! Avoid: Empanadas, it was just okay. Our waiter was very knowledgable and familiar with the extensive and diverse menu items.  His recommendations were right on!  Café Tu Tu Tango is the perfect place to share a meal with your friends and family.  It's a jolly place that will make you dance your way out heavier, but happier.
The music was so loud, my ears were ringing after I left. Ok food. Bad location.
I felt like Alice in Wonderland @ this restaurant...there was something for everyone...Tarot Card readers! Chicken Egg Artists! Pregnant Flamenco Dancers! Artwork on the wall for sale! Oh, and "fusion tapas" too! Summary: Our group of 33 descended on this place and it was actually one of the few places that is good for groups. Our tapas were paced quite well; they came out every 15 mins or so, 2 at a time - Seared Ahi & Seaweed Salad: Probably my fave dish of the nite. it was good, but not mind-blowing or even great. - Duck Confit Salad: Flavorful duck. Can't really speak for the salad (i don't eat raw veges) - Bang Bang Shrimp: Good. Again, flavorful but a little doughy? Maybe too much batter - Pizzas: Average - Potstickers: Average - Chicken Eggrolls: Average - Assorted Dessert Platter: Rocky Road + Brownies were quite good I went for a tarot card reading...the 1st ever! It was...interesting...to say the least! Not sure how accurate it is, but she had my personality Down! Fun, upbeat, eclectic, artsy restaurant. Really good service; they really took care of us and split our checks the way we discussed. Would recommend for a big group, but not necessarily for the food
Fantastic tapas and entrees. Great atmosphere with live music and local artwork. I remember wanting to purchase one of the pieces because it was so awesome. Definitely try this place out it has a great vibe to it, not to mention a catchy name!
I've heard so much about this restaurant and had to investigate the fun factor potential. I've visited this resto twice to make sure I was not mistaken on my opinion. 1.I know that art is subjective, but these are not as good as what I would expect being taunted as an art experience. On the night I visited there were 2 artist painting a 4x6 of colour wash for $200.00 sheesh I understand they have to pay the resto 200? upon investigation the artist was using Lumiere paint that sells for $4.95 at Micheals and using a 40% coupon  the price is less than $3.00 she used 3 different colour paint and the canvas goes for 1.99 again using another 40% coupon. I will be ok with paying $35-40. I asked her how long it takes to create the masterpiece she told me less than 6 mtes. Moving on to the food. I understand the meaning of tapas, but I'm not sure they understand 2 dumplings and 3 leaves of spinach doesn't amount to $9.00 The food was bland and cold not what I expected at all. The Jambalya, I have no idea why it's called jambalaya it's more like rice with ground beef and tomatoes sauce. The atmosphere is so loud I couldn't hear my friend sitting next tome talking without shouting definitely not a date place. The calamari was good and hot when we got it... Did I mention the waiter we had we only saw him twice, once to take the order, the second time for the check, no one came to our table to ask if we need more water, or napkins. I found the food quality is very mediocre and very high for what you get.. In all I will suggest you take the $ go to a placed like Gargi, lago, terrace 390 where the appetizer are bigger portion and has flavor minus all the gimmicks.
It's a party.   And you order tapas.   I love the art work, the dancers, and the atmosphere.  Great place for meeting with friends.  However, you need a megaphone to hear each other talk.  I'm all screamed out about now.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! If you want to have a romantic yet fun time bring the lady, or maybe a nice time with family and friends, or you're  starving and all you want is a nice bite to eat then stroll your fine self into CAFE TU TU Tango and get your socks blown off!! This is the place for YOU! and by the way...did someone say TAPAS?! is this the best food on International Drive you ask? from their Grilled Guava Bbq Glazed Pork Ribs to their nice and simple yet sophisticated Mediterranean Spinach Dip and their ever so satisfying Sopa De Leon I mean c'mon YUMMMM. Please don't get me started on the bar...ok fine just a whisper...*sangria* ;) The atmosphere is so artistically unique that you are in awe every other time you walk into the same establishment, just an amazing sight to see very time with the consistency of a 5 STAR ***** restaurant. Talk about service...TOP NOTCH!! nothing more to say, and one last thing to mention: HAVE FUN AND ENJOY!! God Bless. This is Jared...OUT!
This is a place you MUST experience!  My first time here I walked in and there was an artist painting in the middle of the restaurant with dancers performing 10 feet away...and this is NOT a large building.  Everything is kind of crammed together, but it works here!  It is fun, the food is tasty and the service is good.  The menu is all Tapas, so share everything with your party.  Probably two entrees per person.  Try the humus!
What a nice restaurant. The ambiance of the restaurant is enough to make the trip worthwhile. Dancing, painting, music, it's a creative haven. They top it off with excellent food and service. Their BBQ Guava Ribs were delicious and cooked to perfection, I imagined Guava would be a great taste to have with BBQ ribs and I am glad to report that I was right. They give you some pickles and what looked like cabbage on the side as well which is a nice compliment while you are enjoying your ribs. The Carne Asada was seasoned well and cooked just right to where it was tender and had just the right taste, an easy thing to mess up with steak, especially because I like my steak cooked at least at medium. The guacamole it came with was a nice spread to put on the tortilla and it made a great taco. Their tapas do no not look too big (which is completely normal because they are tapas) but don't be fooled, they are filling! The waiter was quick to bring drinks when we ran low and he was friendly and gave some of us the crash course on their restaurant since we were first timers. I will be back in the future and will bring some more friends next time so they can experience the Cafe Tu Tu Tango experience.
I have been going here for 10 + years and I have yet to be disappointed. The service is always awesome, the service is great, & the food is tasty. No complaints about this venue. They also have one in Coconut Grove, but the one in Orlando is much better from what I remember.
When I first viewed the menu of Tu Tu Tango, I was not overly thrilled.  I am completely enamored with the cuisine of Spain, in particular, tapas.  You can imagine my dismay when I discovered only one one dish on the menu that is Spanish - the empanada.  The rest of the dishes are inspired by the cuisines of other countries, or of the Fusion variety.  When Fusion is done right it can be sublime, but I have experienced enough bad Fusion cuisine (often done at restaurants trying to be the new "It" place), to cause me to approach any place that does it with a fair amount of suspicion.   Initially, I gave serious consideration to finding somewhere else to eat.  But, something - I'm still not sure what, drew me into CTTT like a mosquito to the bug zapper.  Fortunately for me, I simply left satisfied with my meal and not crispified like said mosquito. I selected 4 items from the menu, which, according to my server, changes periodically. 1.  Gator Bites - deep fried gator chunks 2.  Spicy Crab Chopsticks - essentially thin crab spring rolls 3.  Mushrooms Rockefeller - mushrooms in cream sauce, covered with cheese, bacon, and spinach 4.  Baby Lamb chops - served with orzo I also had a glass of the traditional red sangria (they also have white and flavored sangria). I have eaten alligator on numerous trips to Florida and while I do like it I have always come away with the feeling that I could order some McChunks (nuggets) and experience basically the same thing for much cheaper, because yes Virginia, alligator tastes like chicken (though texturally it's slightly fish like).  CTTT's Gator Bites are better than most.  They had an almost Kentucky-fried spice quality to them. The Crab Chopsticks (which I imagine take the place of the ubiquitous crab cake you would find at many other places) were tasty albeit not earth-shattering.  You know what a spring roll is?  Replace the rice noodles and pork with crab meat and roll them up thin like a taquito and that's what the Chopsticks are. The Mushrooms Rockefeller was an intriguing departure from the traditional oyster dish.   The button mushrooms lent an added layer of flavor, due to their meaty quality, that stood up well to the assertive flavor of the bacon.  I think I prefer the Mushrooms Rockefeller to the Oysters Rockefeller because of this balance of flavors. The sangria was loaded with citrus and green apple and quite refreshing. The highlight of the meal was the Baby Lamb Chops.  The chops were perfectly grilled... no knife needed as they were tender to the extreme.  The balsamic glaze had an agro-dolce quality to it that complemented, not overpowered, the chops. Is this traditional tapas?  Definitely not, but I don't think that's what CTTT is all about.  I think its about introducing a little bit of the tapas lifestyle to their customers.  I like the food at CTTT.  I like that they are trying to merge tapas cuisine with a more eclectic world of flavors in a way that doesn't feel contrived.  I like that they provide a forum for local artists.  I like Cafe Tu Tu Tango.
Had a great time here with business associates relaxing and trying the selections from the menu. The atmosphere was nice and inviting. Thought it was very interesting that they had artists painting in the center of the place. Very cool place to visit!
This was not what I was expecting. And honestly, I am so glad. I thought that Tu Tu Tango was going to be a few things. 1. Really touristy 2. Really expensive 3. Really unsatisfying (satisfying my hunger, that is) Boy, was I wrong. I think my visit to Cafe Tu Tu Tango was one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had. Our waitress was phenomenal: energetic, attentive, humorous, and gave great advice on what dishes to try. The food was incredible, and, decidedly different from my original expectations, I left swearing I would never eat again. There are so many different things to try, and all of the options are relatively inexpensive as well. When you go with a large group of people (we were a party of 14) and everybody orders different things, it's fun and filling to sample a little bit of everyone's plate! We also ordered some of the bigger appetizers for the table (hummus and spinach dip, ya know?) And the best part about this place? Even though it's literally in the heart of tourist central, I never felt like it was overly kitschy. It felt like everyone there was everyone else's friends, and we were just casually enjoying delicious food in our weird, artsy friends loft apartment. And it was awesome.
I have mixed feelings about this place, but overall I liked it. We were on vacation and needed to escape the Disney prison for a minute, so we came here to grab lunch on our way to the outlet centers. The place is really cute and the service was very friendly and genuine (all the fake Disney smiles and "Welcome Home!"s, etc, really do get to you after a while). We ordered four tapas: the guava BBQ pork ribs, the fried green tomato sliders, the fish skewers, and the tuna and scallop carpaccio. We were surprised that the fried green tomato sliders were our favorite. They were a daily special, but if they have them again, definitely seize the opportunity and get them! The ribs were good but nothing to write home about. We didn't care much for the carpaccio or the fish skewers. The carpaccio had too much of a sweet mango flavor and the fish skewers were dressed with a bland cream sauce. Thankfully, our least favorite plates were followed with an amazing dessert--almond flan, yum! While I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, I was satisfied enough with the food that I'd definitely come again and try some other dishes if I was around the I-Drive area again. If you're a chain restaurant hater like myself on vacation and don't want to drive too far from all the touristy stuff, Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a great option!
Ive been going to Tu Tu Tango for years. The prices are a lot higher than they used to be. I also know there used to be like 5 locations around the country. Now this is the only one again. Its great for groups and its always entertaining. Not so great for a date though as it can be very loud. The menu is well organized and varied. The food is always good. Service depends on how busy it is. Count on it being very busy Friday and Saturday. There will be entertainers, painters and other various artist from time to time. The menu changes pretty often.
We loved the Artist Loft as a restaurant concept - uniquely funky and perfect. The food was solid - a B, I personally didn't love the sangria (if the fruit isn't soaked, it's lacking for me). The banana pizza lived up to the hype. The music was just WRONG for the place (80s +club) but the live music was HEAVENLY - clarinet and accordion - jazzy perfect.
Have been here many times...am surprised at myself for not writing a review before.  Never been disappointed here.  If you're in this part of town, it's a great choice for a meal.       Our most recent experience was a Saturday lunch.  Surprisingly they were pretty empty inside, which was our preference (to sit inside...you can certainly sit outside here if you prefer!)  Loved the slightly mango-flavored unsweetened tea!  Two of us chose to share the jalapeno mac n cheese, the meatball flatbread and a lovely salad.  Do know that you never know what will come out first when you dine here.  It's no big deal to us, but if you expect a certain order you better let them know.  For instance, our salad came out last.  Flatbread came first.  It was very good.  We both especially liked the slightly spicy sausage that was on it.  The mac n cheese was also yummy...very rich...but surprisingly there was no jalapeno flavor at all.  I do believe that dish is not named properly.    The salad was awesome!  I can't remember the exact description, which leads me to one suggestion for this restaurant, and that is to do something with your website that enables us to look at your menu without having to download some program in order to do so...in other words, I can't even go to your website to look up what I had in order to properly describe/review it!    As for the actual experience...we had yet another really good one.  Food good, prices reasonable, service good.   And we love the artsy atmosphere!  This place is a true Orlando one-of-a-kind treasure!
a bit of a disappointment. Dressing in spinach salad very tart. Thai wings very small portion .a bit pricey. Hummus served with sesame crackers and a few pieces of naan, menu stated toasted naan
Beet salad was amazing. Original sangria was thirst quenching. Lamb chops were awesome. Various Asian fusion dishes look suspicious. 5 cheese pizza was cheeeesy~ Excellent for group dining!!!
After reading a few reviews, last weekend I tried the roasted pears on pecan strips and it's absolutely divine!!!
I want to be a STARVING artist too ..... just to work here. This place is so fun. It was recommended to me by a friend and I am glad I took the recommendation. The atmosphere is BRIGHT, LOUD and .... ARTISTIC!! The layout is a bit chaotic .... but what do you expect from artists? The food. FANTASTIC!! The Sangria. Fantastic (with a side of aspirin for the morning, because I drank too much ....)!! The Belly Dancer. Yes, they even have BELLY DANCERS. I mean seriously. Can you go wrong with a restaurant with a belly dancer? It's pretty cool. There really is NOTHING like it. Check it out. You will be inspired!!
Went here for lunch. Had alligator bites which were a bit chewy, guava glazed ribs which were great, a goat cheese spread and a pepperoni pizza that were also great. The food was all good. Each item was $9 which is a bit high but you're in a major tourist area. Wasn't impressed with the sangria even though the menu said it was a specialty. Tasted like a watered down wine. The service was good but it was lunch and it wasn't crowded so not sure how it would be at dinner. The only off putting thing was that the place had a funny smell and didn't seem particularly clean. Overall it was good and I'd go there again.
When I first heard ''Tu Tu Tango'' I was thinking of a colorful lively dance that comes to life in ones mouth through food. And long behold...a festive adornments of various flavors indeed popped out at Tu Tu Tango. Walking into this place was like walking into a museum in new york. The music was very subtle and relaxing. Lighting was dim and low, highlighting the wonderful mass arrangements of art decor/work! And when I say MASS, I'm talking about this place could be a shopping store itself! Everything here at Tu Tu Tango seems to be on sale with a ticketed price, from beautiful glass eggs to childhood dream antiques. It's all there! I was even tempted to ask the waiter if the dining plates were on sale (: ! Service here is wonderful. The waiter was very polite and kind. He kept on asking us whether or not we've dine here before and stressed to us the knowledge that all of Tu Tu Tango's orders are appetizers.It was like he was scared of something... Dishes: Chopstick Crabsticks, Dynamic Shrimp, Tango Salad & Calamari. Chopstick Crabsticks: Just pass this. Even though the name might spark some curiosity to the brain, this dish was just NOT WORTH IT. For 9 dollars, you get three eight inches thin eggroll looking sticks. And a 5 leaves what seems to be salad on the side. The accompanying sauce was thick and creamy, and didn't really compliment the mini crabrolls.  sticks themselves were overly greasy and lacking in flavor, no hints of crab whatsoever in here! Totally disappointment. Dynomite Shrimp: When you think dynomite, what comes in mind?KA-BOOOM! Explosions going off , a marshmallow in a microwave! We think robust and powerful BOLD.  I'm not a fan of dishes that depend solely on the sauce, and Dynamic shrimp is one of them. The thick pale yellow sauce engulfed and drenched the poor sea critters . I'm not saying the sauce was BAD, it was just all you could taste. Bleh. Tango Salad: I wish this salad would have had tangoed itself back in the kitchen. Think, drench salad. Drenched with a zesty peculiar dressing. The greens were limpy and not fresh. Cucumber sticks were drying out and the salmon had an interesting texture to it...(slimy and hard at the same time) What a bummer.. -.- Calamari: Squid deep fried with sauce. Nothing fancy, kinda like what you would find in a chinese buffet only for a fraction of the cost. When the dish first arrived at the table, I thought it was onion rings. Tasted like chewy onion rings still when I ate them. I guess all deep fried things taste the same to me. As said before, totally not worth 10 dollars. All and all, Tu Tu Tango is a GREAT hang out place for friends. Just having fun, chillaxing.. dipping nookies here and there....sharing is caring method. (: The vibe is lively and festive.
the food was a little on the greasy side for me (though to be fair, someone in our large party pre-ordered our menu), but overall the quality was very good. also liked the atmosphere and the local paintings for sale. biggest props go to our waiter Rob, who was one of the best servers i've had in a long time. ask for him! i wasn't the one paying for the check--i felt bad at the end when we left and the payees only left him the built-in gratuity--he deserved more for such excellent service!!! i would not recommend this place for anyone who wants a mellow/intimate dinner... it was LOUD and with the belly dancers clip-clopping and chiming around constantly, it wasn't exactly relaxing. overall, very cool though. i'd go back again to order on my own--i definitely saw dishes being sent to other tables that looked lighter and tasty!
A breath of fresh air in an area of Orlando plagued with super chains and tourist traps.  This place is "unique" to say the least.  The food is excellent, fresh, and is highly recommended for all tastes. First, Tu Tu Tango tries to set itself up like a "commune" - where all types of people "live in harmony" and artists can "live their work"   which makes for an environment out-of-the-ordinary.  There are people painting as you eat (and as far as I can tell their paintings are for sale). We were seated close to the speakers and experienced a ten minute period during the "flamenco dance session" when we weren't able to hear each other talk because of the volume of the speakers. The menu is extensive and covers a few continents.  Be aware though - it's a "tapas" approach where all the portions are small and meant to share.  It's easy to say "wow, only $8 for so and so..." - but you're getting a small portion. Service is good.  They definitely push the menu and are at your table every few minutes asking what else you would like.  Depending on your conversation, this may be a bit intrusive. We had about a dozen of the menu items and all were excellent.  Fresh, obviously cooked to order using high quality ingredients.  The menu items also have a certain level of flair that make them just exotic enough to feel like you're stepping a bit our of your comfort zone.   I recommend this spot for business travelers and families in town to play.
Went here on a birthday trip to Orlando- I was so excited because the one in Miami closed a while ago. The food as usual, was excellent. If you've never been, the portions are tapas-sized so it's fun to get a few different items and share. The menu updates fairly frequently, which is good, although I was disappointed to see some of my favorites gone. Finally, I had the BEST lemon drop of my entire life.
My friends took me here as I'm visiting and I LOVE this place!! I had a Picasso Punch cocktail which was yummy!!! My friends also said the Melbeck red was great!! We had lots of different plates: Gator bits, steak skewers, Miso tuna, pork Cuba libre, and I had the Sopa de Leon which was soooooo delicious!!! For desert we had creme brulees and strawberrys!!! All in all one of the best meals I've had in a long time and will be going back there for sure before i leave town!!! P.s service was fantastic and even when my friend forgot to use his discount voucher and had paid, he went nvm and redid his bill so he got the discount!!
I live in Orlando and any time someone comes to visit, we take them to Tu Tu Tango. Everything on the menu is wonderful and full of flavor. There are several kitchens constantly bringing the Tapas to the table to share with your party.  Any negative reviews on this restaurant must be written by competing restaurant owners in the area.  I have never taken anyone there that doesn't love this restaurant.  Perhaps if you are looking for a QUIET dining experience I wouldn't recommend Tu Tu, but if you're looking for tons of flavorful food and a fun atmosphere (and maybe even a painting to purchase), this is the place to eat.   It's a lively environment with local art and artists doing their thing right there in the lobby, and from time to time a belly dancer will make her way around the restaurant.
The atmosphere at this restaurant is fantastic. The whole feel of the place is awesome. It's dark and quaint. There was even a girl reading tarot. Fun times. We ordered a few pitchers of mohitos which were great. A bit too much ice however so you didn't quite get the bang for you buck. The tapas were amazing. We had a group of eight and we ordered at least one item. Some ordered more than one and literally everything was fantastic.  I definitely recommend this place.
I will always remember the experience. Etemime beans were the only item that had good taste. Got my weeks allocation of fiber.
I don't have enough fingers to count the number of times I've been to Cafe Tu Tu Tango.  When I lived in Orlando, I used to take out-of-town guests there to impress them.  My friends and I used the unique restaurant as a place for special outings.  I've never had a bad experience. During my recent visit to Orlando, I went to Cafe Tu Tu Tango with a longtime friend of mine.  We ordered four different tapas items to share and plenty of martinis.  The calamari was out of this world.  It's definitely at the top of my list of Best Calamari I've ever had the pleasure of sampling.  We also ordered the Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls -- another source of pleasure for my tastebuds.  If you like a little kick to your food, and like BIG, hearty, flavorful egg rolls, you can't go wrong with this one.  I usually love to also order their delicious Gator Bites (a Florida treat!), but since I had already had some earlier in the week elsewhere, we passed.   If you love trying new foods in a fun, artsy atmosphere, Cafe Tu Tu Tango is the place to go.  It's affordable and an oasis in the desert of restaurant chains surrounding it.
I've been here two times with the second being with my honey bun....who's a picky eater...very picky. We shared 3 appetizers bc they really dont have entrees and we we're stuffed when we left. He enjoyed every piece of each dish and two weeks later he still talks about this. Our waiter was nice and knowledgable of the menu and she actually recommended good things on the menu. The atmosphere was perfect for a date night with music and random performances. The food was some of the tastiest food I've ever had with a creative menu. I would recommend this place for get togethers and date nights!
This was a bittersweet visit. Sweet because it was fab. Bitter because they no longer have the Coconut Grove location. Come back please! I had forgotten how much fun this place was. We had the sangria and shared about 6 different dishes. They are all small and meant to be shared. We had the guava ribs, couple of flatbreads, fish tacos, Picadillo and cheese empanadas. They also have a GLUTEN FREE MENU! My kids eat gluten free and they shared a black bean soup and skirt steak. Everything was delicious. They also had a Flamenco dancer at some point prancing around. The location is freestanding and has valet parking. We went on a Saturday for an early dinner. By the time we left the place was starting to get very very full with people oozing out unto the sidewalk waiting for a table. Had a great time and will return next time I am in the area.
Vibrant, high energy, alive, entertaining, great art work, a stalwart on International Drive for a long time. Up until recently, this was the only tapas restaurant in Orlando. Café Tu Tu Tango has held the reins and uphold the standards of dining and entertainment in Orlando for  a long distinguished time. With its unique Spanish artist's loft concept of working artists and flamenco dancers, this restaurant has captured many on a quest to take a breather from the theme parks. There was even a time when it was a must see and dinning destination for all of my out of area friends. Not so much anymore... The great décor and amazing artwork still adorn the walls. The fancy flamenco dancer is still performing, but it seems like they stop short at half way into the restaurant. Maybe she did not want to come all the way to the cheap seats. What happened to the cool sofas in between the bar and the open kitchen? It has been replaced by high top tables. What a shame. None of that anymore....So what is left, the food. SOPA de LEON   CUP Roasted chicken, Spanish chorizo, garbanzo beans and manchego cheese was cold, tasteless, and flavorless. SURF and EARTH Pan seared salmon with avocado-black bean salsa and plantain chips; topped with aji sauce and parmesan-manchego frico was nicely cooked salmon pieces, though served cold, salsa was wholesome, but the plantain chips were cold and rock hard, could have chipped a tooth or broken a wisdom teeth. Left all of the chips on the plate and I love plantain chips. Got the surf part but where was the earth? Am I missing something here again? FLAME GRILLED BABY LAMB CHOPS  With Greek orzo pasta salad and balsamic glaze was nice medium rare but cold. Good flavors. Balsamic reduction was molten salt. Pasta was mushy. TANGO HUMMUS  Traditional blend of chickpeas, tahini, olive olive and lemon. I rather the old presentation, on artist painting boards. That was complimentary. But I understand. This is a larger portion and tasted very well, very flavorful and fresh. ECUADORIAN CEVICHE California corvina and pickled honeydew in soy citrus sauce garnished with popcorn. Nice flavors and textures, stale popcorn, horrible presentation, looks like the dishwasher put this dish together. Disappointed. GRILLED GAUVA BBQ GLAZED RIBS Malta-guava BBQ sauce and pickled vegetables. Ribs were tender with bold BBQ sauce flavor, but no guava. Where is the guava? Vegetables were nice and crisp. MACADAMIA CRUSTED MAHI MAHI SKEWERS Cooked a la plancha; with pineapple-jasmine rice and soy-coconut sauce. Little slivers of tasteless mahi mahi dredged  in breading. Where were the macadamia nuts? Rice was hard and uncooked. Did not get Jasmine neither pineapple neither coconut. Ugh. UGNI BLANC, Tariquet, France. Dry and fruit forward wine compliments seafood well. Could always find a unique wine here. GARNACHA, Las Rocas, Spain. Full bodied and spicey, with a full fruit finish. What happened here? One disappointment after another. It was always bring on the next plate and the next. This was, do we have to withstand another wave. Or maybe we ordered wrong? But so many items not on point? Definitely some issues, okay, a lot of issues with the food. Service was always playful and joyous. This is to be understood, it is a high energy place with a lot going on. Loud music, loud conversation, loud dancing. But the elements of service should still be adhered to. Whether in an extremely casual restaurant or the finest of finest dining. Not so much here. Water was not refilled. Empty plates were not cleared. Dirty silverware were never removed. Check back on ordered items were too long, the items were already gone. Even though this is a tapas restaurant food auctioning at the table should never be implied or practiced. A smile may go a long way from support team members. Food runners had no clue which table the food was going to much less who ordered it. This was not just our section this was the whole restaurant. It seemed very chaotic and team members seemed very frustrated at each other. There is hope at the end of the flamenco line. I was told that the menu will change during the summer. Will they also change the chefs? They can't execute this menu. Will they change their service methods or service team? Lots of frustration there. Tourist and locals who frequent International Drive deserves better. At least there is art and flamenco.
Really awesome atmosphere, the theme is starving artists...so everything is artsy fartsy. Art work allover the walls that you can purchase...belly dancer show...a psychic reading cards and palms. Everything is appetizer portions and you order a bunch and share. Personal favorites ... Dynamite shrimp (fried shrimp tossed in a garlic aoli) and the pears (roasted pears lying on a sweet pecan cookie and topped with arugula and balsamic sauce)!   Great place for a birthday!
A great tapas place. every dish was amazing, reseasonably priced, and great friendly service.  When we left there was a great reggee band starting!
I had the best new year's here in Orlando! Instead of going to fancy restaurant, my boyfriend and I decided to try out this spot. The food and the service were excellent.No doubt. The decoration makes this restaurant  colorful and vital. Around 12:00am, they started giving out hats,wreaths,champagne...to let everybody celebrate this moment together. We started our new year with new people. 2014 must be a great year!
Say what you want about prices or service- I Effing LOVE this place. Live music, great tapas, live painters, tarot readers. It's like being on bourbon street in Louisiana without the voodoo. The live blues & jazz music really sets the tone. Not to mention the beer/wine selection really compliments the entree choices. A photographer was strolling around and made keychains of your picture on the spot for a $donation. What a great way to remember my anniversary. Our server had a spunky personality and didn't bother us, but checked in when needed. My favorite aspect to dining here is that each selection is small enough that you can try it all! Get the dynamite shrimp. I would like to check out TuTu Tango in California now that I've dined in Orlando. Can you open one in Arizona, please?!
I went here with a group of girls for dinner before a bachelorette night out.  It was completely packed.  We had called ahead but there was still a bit of a wait.  After a bit of confusion in regards to wanting to sit in the bar area or not, we got a nice big table.   Since it was so packed, it was a bit loud but that would be my only complaint.  Otherwise, the ambiance was fun and eclectic.  There was a flamenco dancer showing off her moves around the restaurant.  They had areas set up where artists could make their pieces and sell them.   The food was excellent!  The small portions were great since everyone ordered two plates each and we passed everything around.  I specifically ordered the five cheese pizza and the shrimp and chicken potstickers.  So good!  I also got to taste the tango shrimp and the picadillo and cheese empanadas.  There was probably more but I can't quite remember.  It was all so savory and in the end, quite filling.   There was a photographer that came around and she took a group photo of all of us.  She came later and gave us all free key-chains containing the photo.  She said she only worked on tips and we definitely tipped her well considering the surprise souvenir she gave us to commemorate the beginning of a great night for the bride to be. I would definitely come back here again, it's a fun place and we had a great time.
Stumbled upon this place amongst the hoards of chain restaurants.  Definitely a rose among the thorns.  The style here says american but that is not accurate as I find it to be rather eclectic.  I like the idea of tapas and how Tu Tu Tango executes it is delectable.  Enjoyed the Bang Bang Shrimp and the Mango BBQ Ribs.  The Mojitos were the real deal.  Staff was super friendly and helpful.  The locally made artwork was great to look upon while hanging out.  In fact, some Spanish dancers made a showing.  Don't miss this rare find!  Also, we received a $15 off coupon for our next visit, which we used the following night.
Yelp, how can you do me so wrong?!? 4.5 stars for THIS PLACE?!? The food was at most 2 stars overall but I will give an extra star for the spirit of this place to promote local artists and even having painters and performers on premise so you can watch them do their magic. Bang bang chicken (3 stars) - basically small battered shrimp deep fried and then lathered with a mayonnaise like spicy sauce. Reasonably tasty but my stomach felt like a grease pit afterwards. Cuban grilled steak skewers with lime steak sauce (2 stars) - looked like 3 sticks of dried up beef. Luckily inside was a bit more moist but there was no lime flavor (nor much of any flavor) except for the piece of lime on the side. Barcelona stir fry (1.5 stars) - imagine tasteless shrimp, calamari, chicken, sausage, mushrooms on top of flavorless uncle ben's rice. Margarita pizza (3 stars) - average One key note: Their menu is very misleading says "pick 3 or 4 dishes for yourself" - there's no way 1 person can eat 3-4 dishes. Dishes are fairly big and 2 dishes are more than enough.  Luckily our server was cool and warned us. Bottom line: Cool atmosphere and I'm all for supporting local artists but SUCH DISAPPOINTING FOOD. OVERRATED and NOT WORTH 4.5 STARS!!!! Definitely looks better than it tastes.
Great find in the middle of tourist central!  This place is covered in local art, including artists painting while you eat.  Friendly staff with great service.  There tapas menu has something for everyone.  I highly recommend their strawberry mojito, the roasted pears on pecan crisps and the oriental marinated steak skewers.  The chocolate calzone was out of this world!
I'm at a conference in Orlando... and went out with some friends to Cafe Tu Tu Tango last night - I spent 45 minutes prior reading reviews...on what to order on what not to order... overall this place had amazing reviews... So off we go... we walk in...there's a portrait artist sitting in the main entrance hallway - which made me feel like I was in another world by walking thru this breezeway/entrance... loved the feel immediately!  Giving the artist a wink  - we walked in. Everyone was wicked cool...the staff...amazing... we get escorted to our fresh big table...in a corner by the windows...able to see a lot of the art work that was hanging... Tina was our server... oh so cute tattoo girl! We began with carafes of their in-house sangria... the reviews previously were right on about the sangria - WAY sweet - but yummy.   It was by far the best sangria I ever had in my life time but it was perfect for that moment.  I would order it again... maybe just drink a little less lol. Then the food... ROASTED PEARS ON PECAN CRISPS - 7 Pecan crisps, crumbled bleu cheese and arugula.  -- This was my FAVORITE Tapas Plate... It was so good I ordered two of them! SESAME SEARED TUNA SASHIMI - 10 Wonton basket, wakame, wasabi cream and soy vinaigrette. - It was tasty - however true to a prior review that the tuna was tough, strange edges (underneath the seasame seeds)...couldn't cut with a fork... - would Never order again. BRICK OVEN MAHI MAHI TACOS - 11 Cajun seasoned mahi mahi, fresh salsa, cheddar cheese, flour tortillas shredded lettuce and cilantro sour cream.  --- We ordered these and I didn't taste them - someone said it was good - but one was left on the plate in the end... ?!  Actions speak louder than words? SPICY CRAB CHOPSTICKS - 8 Spicy crab, lemon, ginger, cilantro, sesame aioli and chinese hot mustard.-- AMAZING flavor - definitely NOT worth the $8 I'm afraid - they were the size of slurrpy straws... I wasn't impressed. "FAMOUS" CAJUN CHICKEN EGG ROLLS - 10 Roasted corn, cheddar, goat cheese, red onions, salsa roja and Creole mustard. -- So good I ordered two of them - definitely getting these next time - they are "traditional" egg rolls... with a kick. GATOR BITES - 8 Pickapeppa aioli and key lime mustard. - "Tastes like chicken.. dark chicken if a chicken had dark meat, " stated the cute server... HMMmmmm... lol  The whole table busted out laughing... at this one... And yes, they do taste like chicken - I'm from the south so I've had my fill of gator - I passed... ARNE ASADA - 9 Lime and beer marinated skirt steak, guacamole, salsa roja and a flour tortilla.  - ALWAYS delicious... again - REALLY small for $9 BABY PORTABELLA AND SPINACH FLATBREAD - 10 Creamy spinach, garlic and bacon sauce, fresh mushrooms and four cheese blend. -- Really yummy... I started downing it when I realized how strong my sangria was lol... I'm not a good judge at this point on this plate... It seemed good?   As we were eating the belly dancer started her thing... it was cute... Overall, I liked this joint - it wasn't for the food or the "best Sangria" it was for the fact that we had such a great time together - enjoying the company and this atmosphere was perfect for that. I will be back
Overall, everything was very good. Food was great, cocktail was perfectly made.  A very entertaining place.  The service was fine. The only thing we didn't like was, we didn't get to sit at a table and they wanted us to wait for an hour.  We looked around, we didn't see many people waiting while lots of tables were empty.  Regardless, we didn't let it ruin our evening and we grabbed a spot at the bar.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango, Orlando, Florida Stopped by Cafe Tu Tu Tango on Thursday, October 23rd on our way to the NBAA for a quick bite.  We arrived way too early as the staff was arriving and setting up; however, we were greeted and promptly taken care of.  Our waitress was great!! She walked us thru a new items on the menu. We ordered the fish tacos, guava ribs, mozzarella and goat cheese flatbread and a pumpkin pie cheesecake!! Food at Cafe Tu Tu Tango is tapas style so we shared the various plates.  Tapas style is a great way to taste everything!!! The only thing we have as a negative was that the shared meal was $53 before tip!  It was a bit pricey!! Would we go back?? Yes!! We enjoy the food and vibe of the place!!
YES PLEASE!! Directly across from Convention Ctr on I-drive, sits Tu Tu Tango! Colorful, lined w fanciful paintings from local artists, some of which doing art inside as you eat. An occasional tap dancer my swing by your table too! FOOD: BBQ rib tapa, YUM! 4 huge guave-bbq ribs! alligator fritters... Amazing when dipped in the sauces! banana foster pizza.... OMFG the greatest thing your mouth will ever consume!!! Cinnamon crust, bananas foster, caramel, strudel.... Even a yr later almost to the day I drool over it... I saw that there's a TTT near Toronto (in Niagara Falls), and tried to go during my visit... To bad it was raining that day :( :( :( Move to NYC! We will welcome you with open arms! :D
To be fair, this is a review about the hostess, not the restaurant.  We were seated directly underneath the A/C, so we were freezing (and I am always the last to complain, but it was really too much).  When we mentioned this to the hostess and asked for a new table, we got the feeling that it turned into a power struggle.  Even though there were empty tables in the restaurants, we were given many excuses as to why we could not be seated,  We moved on to the Vito's Steak House next door, which was a rather pleasant experience.
The food is delicious. The portions are small and meant to share. Some will give you a bit more bang for your buck sick as the Chilled Mediterranean spinach dip. The cocktails are interesting and creative. I enjoy trying new combinations and thought the Kerouac Crush was delicious. Overall it's not a place is go often due to the price point but I always enjoy it when I make it here. The vibe is fun. The art is unique. The menu changes.
I have been visiting Tu Tu Tango for almost 15 years now and have seen it go thru a few changes but each time I go, it always gives me a fun experience. This visit was a last min thing because we were driving past it... said how much we liked it and how long it had been since we had been there... so we turned the car around and went for dinner!  We did not have reservations so we decided to take a chance and see if we could get in.  Valet took our car (free by the way) and we walked in... told the host we would like a table for 2... and was promply taken to a table!  No waiting!  Yikes... and there were plenty of people standing around so I am not sure if they were waiting for larger tables or what... but I was not going to complain.   Our server came to our table a few min later and took our drink order.  The menu had changed since the last time we were there but it all looked good.  They seemed to have a section with some of the older dishes on it.   We ordered four different dishes to try a variety of things both old and new.  Duo of Wild Boar Enchiladas, Southwest Chicken Flatbread, Spiced Alligator Bites, and the Langostino Mac and Cheese!  All of it was wonderful but the Mac and cheese was our favorite. (I posted pics for you to check out!)  For dessert, we got the Chocolate Calzone.  It was good but to be honest, the crust was a bit soggy and softer than I would have liked.  I wanted it to be crispy.... but it still tasted good. The atmosphere was as I remembers...full of paintings of local artists (all for sale).  In fact when we were leaving, we stopped by one of the artists working there and had a very nice chat about his work.  I remember them having live dancers come out every now and then but we did not see any this trip.  The artist told us they still have them but it was too early yet.   All in all it is still a fun place to have dinner even if it is on I-Drive and filled with tourists.  It can get a bit pricey so be careful!  4 plates and sharing a dessert will fill you up two people so don't over order.   Atmosphere = 8 Service = 8 Food = 8 Enjoy!
On our Disney trip, we decided to get out one night and found this to be a nice, unique place with interesting tapas.  Some worked better than others, but still worth a trip.   We had the cajun chicken egg rolls (just ok, but found these better after they cooled down),  roasted pears on pecan strips (yummy, almost like dessert!), cuban grilled steak skewers (tasty, but a bit small portions), bang bang shrimp (ok, but would have been better if they were larger shrimp, vs the small ones), duck confit salad (the duck meat came shredded, and would have been better if there were real chunks of duck with the crispy skin).   We also had a sangria, and would skip it. The ambiance was nice, lots of artwork on the wall, and some there you could chat with, a nice and different touch. I give it a 3.5 stars, and much better than anything at Disney that we tried, esp. considering the price.  So still worth it to get away for a "real" meal at a reasonable price.
Get the gator before it gets you. The food was hit or miss. I'm not a fan of their eggrolls or their hummus. Also didn't like the fish tacos I ordered. Too dry. Thought the alligator bites were good though. Now I can say I took a bite out of a Florida gator!
Ok, this place is fun. There's character artists, tarot card readings, flamenco dancers, and a dude with a chicken on his head selling fancy painted eggs. It's pretty neat. The ambiance is definitely enjoyable, the service is awesome, and the drinks are strong but tasty. I was here with a group of 20-30 people and so the menu was already planned out by our coordinator. The food here on the other hand is pretty bland. Don't be fooled by "tapas", this place didn't really have anything you'd normally get from a Spanish tapas restaurant. The food quality and choices were equivilent to Chili's or Cheesecake factory. Throughout the night we had: Seared Ahi, Pizza, Potstickers, Southwest Eggrolls, some duck salad on Pita bread, "Bang-bang" shrimp, beef skewers, and probably some other stuff I didn't catch because I got distracted by the Tarot card lady for 20 mins. Basically it felt like eating a bunch of appetizers from various chain restaurants. The food wasn't bad tasting, just generic and nothing special. The dessert however was delicious! There was this walnut chocolate brownie that just melted in my mouth and was completely scrumptious. Overall, it was a fun night, but I definitely wouldn't come here thinking you were going to get authentic tapas.
I have been coming to Tangos with friends for years. As a creative, I love the environment. This is a fantastic place to bring groups of people together and share food. The menu has changed recently but some Tango staples still remain. Be sure to call ahead on the weekends as this place is always busy in the evenings!
My gooooodnesssss gracious everything is utterly delicious!!!! I find myself thinking about the mac n  cheese too often, and wishing I could find a pizza as great as theirs.
This place was a blast for a larger group! We had a large (25ppl) group and assigned one foodie to do the ordering- so we had an awesome variety of their food. It was all quite good. The Seered tuna was a favorite, but I really didn't taste anything bad. The ribs were tender and falling off the bone- it was quite tasty. They kept fresh plates on the table and dirty plates off. The timing of new items was awesome! This was a top notch Tapa's experience. The belly dancer kicked things up a notch- she was tasteful and entertaining. I would have been comfortable taking my kids. The Mohito's were really good- I recommend. When in Orlando- I'd hit this spot, it's a bit different than the typical fare and great fun.
Wonderful, tasty food.  I recommend the guava ribs, any of the steak skewers, the dynamite shrimp, and really about anything.  I don't think we've ever had a bad plate.  The service is also excellent.
Down from CT for a convention, and started looking for Tapa.  Went to Norman's, which is incredible food, but very limited on Tapas.  So I was still on a quest for good tapas.  Low and behold, Cafe Tu Tu Tango was across the street from my hotel!   Now Tapas is as much a culture as it is a cuisine, and Tu Tu did not disappoint.  This place supports artist, in fact they hire artists to come and paint in the restaurant, and they sell the paintings to customers.   Anyway, the staff is very friendly and and the perfect balance between providing service and privacy.  I came down for lunch, so the atmosphere is casual, and not overly loud. Some might be intimidated by the unusual decor, and mix of art and food, but it is well worth the trip.   I had the Sopa De Leon, and Argentinian style chimmicurian style beef tenderloin, both were excellent.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango - aka Orlando's Most Entertaining Cafe. Indeed, this cafe lives up to its hype. And thank goodness! This is a highly little eclectic cafe tucked in between the mass chaos that is International Drive. Their menu, like the cafe, is equally as strange in good way! It starts off proclaiming their menu is for the starving artist. And like an experimenting artist, their menu constantly changes. Their servings are a bit small (think tapas) and a bit on the pricier side. But I think it was worth it! On our stay we got : - duck breast with crepes, topped with plum sauce (not currently listed on their menu) - hmm... this was good but not excellent. definitely points for originality though! - tango alligator bites - excellent! these actually did not taste nor have a chicken texture. both tim and i agreed that this was actually the real deal (we both encountered eating highly suspicious "alligator meat") - picadillo and cheese empanadas - omgwtfbbq goodness. loved the cilantro sauce that came with it... nom nom nom. i could eat this all day but i'd get real nice and plump. - mango flatbread pizza with arugala (not currently listed on their menu, they now have pumpkin) - i didn't like it very much but ...hey it's different! You can peruse their art gallery while you "wait" for your order or get a caricature of you drawn (if artist is available). Everything is fantastically colorful, even the napkin colors are mismatched! I LOVE IT! (I like it when things don't particularly make sense).
At $6-$11 a dish, portions are very, very small (tapas style), but unique and delicious. We ordered the Pork Cuba Libre, Roasted Pears on Pecan Crisps, Tango Wrapped and Stuffed Shrimp, Southwest Chicken Flatbread, and white sangria. I would recommend any of these dishes. Their sangria is supposedly award winning, and while it was good, I would say I've had better. All in all--great food, good service, interesting place, but be prepared to spend A LOT of money.
Simply unique and great food! Came here on a Saturday night towards the end of our Orlando vacation. Got a 8:15 reservation using open table. Place was nearly packed when we arrived. Walls full of "interesting" colorful art, loud music and a woman doing a rather good table side fire show :) Before I forget, they have some interest draft beers; you can try a flight of 4 to sample. We started with the toasted pear (strongly recommend), guacamame (interesting) and the togarashi tuna (great!). Next, we got the jalapeño Mac and cheese (flavorful) and the chimmichurri (again recommend; the lemon grits were yummy). Finally, for dessert, we had the creme brûlée (good) and the cheesecake lollipops (pretty cool idea - cheesecake and cracker in chocolate covered triangles with a raspberry sauce; 4 pieces per plate). Will definitely come back when we return to Orlando.
A really unique place with great atmosphere! It's loud, colorful, artsy, and fun! On any given night, you'll find artists painting live and tango dancers dancing around the restaurant. It's a tapas style restaurant so it's better to go with a group of people and share multiple dishes. Here are my thoughts on some of the dishes we shared: - The flatbreads are bigger portions compared to most of the other menu items. We tried most of the flatbreads on the menu, but my favorite was the roma tomato and goat cheese. - The fish tacos were nothing too exciting. There were only 2 or 3 tacos per order and a little bland. - The grilled guava BBQ glazed pork ribs were delicious! Very tender and served with a tangy cucumber salad. - The pork cuba libre I don't remember too well, but I do know that I did like the sweet potato salad that was served with it. - I love empanadas and the picadillo empanadas did not disappoint. - Share a carafe of sangria!
Darcy was a great bartender!  She made great recommendations and kept my coke full even though I drink them down as fast as a camel :)
What an amazing place!! Great atmosphere, delicious food, thoughtful drinks and an amazing concept! Right away walking in the interior gives you a warm, vibrant welcome. Paintings for sale all over the restaurant by local artists. Pairings of all sizes and pictures! The best part was they had 2 artists sitting there painting their artwork- how awesome is that?!? Love it! The food was amazing! Everything we ordered from our drinks to our tapas were perfect. I recommend the Georgie o'keife drink, Mac and cheese, and the pear and arugula! Dessert was also great, all four down! Service was quick and friendly- food came out almost instantaneously!
Ok, I went to this place after hearing how great it was from several people (hence the great reviews on this site).  But, I did not enjoy the food or cocktails at all.  I had the beef and cheese empanadas which were lukewarm and so-so in the flavor department.  Also, you get maybe 4 small empanadas (meant for sharing) for like 8 bucks.  I also had the oriental steak skewers which were also lacking in flavor.  Finally, I had the black bean soup which I had to add a LOT of salt in order to taste anything.  Overall, I ended up leaving this place STARVING.   I ordered a mojito which is usually my fave drink and its sort of difficult to screw up a mojito, but yes, it happened.  The mojito here is basically soda with a little lime and rum...unlike other bars that use real sugar cane juice.   The only things I liked were the dancers and all of the art on the walls for sale.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
Other than the noise level, this was the best place we found to eat in Orlando. Between three of us, got six tapas and one dessert which was the right amount to share. The roasted pears was superb as was the pork Cuba libre. The dessert of chocolate covered cheesecake lollipops was fantastic. We would eat here again.
I love this place more for the atmosphere than anything else, but they make some great drinks, too. Anytime I'm in Orlando I try to drop by and love that there's always live entertainment. The last time I was there, I saw a fire eater, and this time I saw a belly dancer. Neat! Definitely worth checking out if you find yourself trapped in tourist land...
Review from group event/Baby Shower. I am not a local. We were guests at a Baby Shower, so take the review for what it is. We had a choice of several items on the menu and we ordered the bbq glazed ribs and the cuban pork. the ribs were super awesome, flavorful, and accompanied by what they call a salad but it was like 5 cucumbers that were very tasty, but the plates were very small. the plates were like appetizer sized. my husband's pork dish was even smaller than mine and accompanied by a sweet potato salad that was also very tasty. service was good. we waited for water for a while at the beginning tho. water shoulda been at the table from start of event and it didn't start flowing until about 40 minutes after scheduled time.
LOML and I would go to Orlando JUST FOR Tu Tu....but business took us into town and into food ecstasy. If tapas, lively atmosphere and funk are your thing you will love this place. Our great waitress started us with a Matisse margarita and cab, paired with the special of the night, braised ribs and potato gratin. We quickly moved to alforno roasted pears on pecan crisps, Roma tomato goat cheese flat bread, and pork Cuba libre with an incredible sweet potato salad. We chased it all down with a fantastic and authentic almond flan. The artist and belly dancer were hard at work and the total vibe made you feel that you were not where you were. It's like a vacation and feast all in one.
We came into orlando to see universal studios for the weekend met some of our friends in town they live here in town We absolutely loved it good was great and the sangrias were even better   Great service I would def recommend
I went to Cafe Tu Tu Tango last night.  The overall experience was okay.  The biggest dissapointment was the meat.  We ordered 4 meat dishes and all 4 were either chewy or overly breaded.  The sauces that came with the meat dishes were sub par and had a powdery texture which I can't quite figure out.   The highlight of dinner was dessert.  We tried the Banana Pizza, Cheesecake Lollipops and the chocolate crepe.  The chocolate crepe had an overwhelming amount of chocolate, even for a chocolate lover like me.  The Banana Pizza was perfection.  I ordered this dish hesitantly but I would go back just to eat the pizza.  The cheesecake lollipops were interesting and definitely tasty.   One downside is the price.  Each thing we ordered was $9-$10 for 4 small pieces of meat or a 4 blowpop-sized cheesecake lollipops.  I definitely feel the food and ambiance wasn't worth the price.
1. The food is good. 2. The mojitos are better 3. live art! The staff at my hotel told my friend and I to try this place and it was great. The food is served tapas style, so make sure to order at least two dishes. Many of the dishes have a latin or brazillian flavor, so expect bold flavors and some spice. If your lucky like me, you'll get to see artists paint live as well as watch a bellydancer prance around the restaurant. If you're looking to have good food and be entertained for a reasonable price this is the place to go.
Had my fiancé birthday party here... Great time overall! Food was good and drinks were yum. Only tried a few tapas but the atmosphere was fun and great for a party or girls night out. It can appear a bit pricey for what you get but in comparison to other tapas restaurants in the area it seemed average. It's worth a second try and good for small groups. Too pricey for large groups because of small plate sizes... It adds up just remember!! Maybe date night
Been here a couple of times, the atmosphere is amazing! Probably one of the best for finger-food, drinks, and entertainment. One of my experiences here was with a date on valentines day, there was a group of entertainers playing instruments and dancing around the restaurant, and the main entertainer would make kissy faces at a couple suggesting a kiss. Needless to say, when it was my turn, I landed a kiss with my new date, whoop! The food is pretty good, nothing worth coming back for again, and again. It's the whole restaurant ambience that keeps you coming! There was also a wedding here on valentines day, so that was fun to watch.
Located on International Drive - busy place so reserverations recommended!  We loved the vibe.  We stood at the bar for a while and ended up scoring a seat after about 30 minutes so we just ate at the bar - better anyway, right?  We ordered some small plates - the Shashimi Tuna, Spicy hummus and the Pork ribs.  They were all very tasty.  Tuna was amazing, loved the different flavors of the hummus and the ribs fell off the bone.  It's a very artsy place - literaly.   You'll see items for sale and you'll see some of the artist hard at work.  We were entertained by a belly dancer at times as well.  Can't wait to go back!
This place is so fun! I went here for my 21st birthday with a group of girl friends and it was a blast. There was also a huge event going on with a DJ, artists, vendors, beer/wine tastings out front. Food was good, portions were pretty small for the cost but its a fun atmosphere.
Is this place a bit over-hyped?  Yes Are the side shows and entertainment predictable and routine?  Yes Is it here to serve the tourists? (like myself)  Yes All of the above statements would usually make me run and hide, but we ate here because we could walk from the hotel, it had loud ethnic music calling us, and didn't feel like getting in the car and sitting in traffic anymore. But damn, I enjoyed some delicious food here  We had a few dishes to share among two of us:  Curry Chicken Skewers that were cooked and spiced just right.  Some Brick Oven Mahi Mahi Tacos to make me feel festive, and rich Baked Goat Cheese and Pita to contrast and make me feel like a tree hugger again...  It was all superb..... and that's not just the Sangria talking!  I really think it was good.  I think. For desert we had some Chocolate Dipped Cheesecake Lillipops that were OK, and a plate of delicious Almond Flan Did I mention Sangria??
We went there for the gator, but walked out having half of the menu. It was a pleasure to eat there. The artistic touch intensified the experience. The menu tested all my taste buds. Absolutely loved loved loved it!
It seems to me that this place doesn't know it's identity. Tapas, starving artist...belly dancers....? I was confused. We ordered a bunch of items and almost all were super salty. The desert should have been warmed (rocky road) since it was a cold cookie on ice cream. I love to eat almost anything and not very picky, but I would not return.
I love this place. LOVE. American fusion... so really an eclectic mix of cuisine from all over the globe with an extremely local feel. The walls are adorned with works of art painted/pastel-ed/penned/(insert other art form here in past tense) by local artists (which is also for sale). There is usually an artist on site making something, and so you can observe the genesis of the piece he or she is working on. You can enjoy live music from a local band while you eat, and let me tell you - this past Tuesday featured an exceptional duo that played many of favorite songs. So that's the vibe. Cool. Local. Interesting. The food? Just as cool. Just as local (with that global touch). And more than interesting (all small plates to share), just damn good. On this particular evening I started with the  Alforno Roasted Pears - Read: thin, crispy slices of pear, crumbled bleu cheese, arugula, and some sort of vinaigrette atop something like a flatbread); Think: Delicious. The Picadillo Empanadas came out next (picadillo is spiced ground beef w green olives) - very good, but not better than Cuba Libre's. The Spiced Alligator Bites are like fried chicken poppers except a little more gamey. Pretty good but there are definitely better options on the menu. Our last savory dish was the A la Plancha Seafood Skewers - came with mahi, shrimp, and served atop a completely fresh and citric avocado/tomato salad with squash ribbons that added a great crunch (the citrus flavor came from the lemon and lime used to dress the salad). Now, dessert was super hyped. Our server, Peter, told us that he had DREAMS of this dessert... the chocolate calzone. Well... now I have dreams about it too. This dessert definitely makes my top ten list, and sits right up there with my favorite Tres Leches. Served with vanilla ice cream and seemingly fresh whipped cream (as in not from a can). Delicious chocolate filling the doughy exterior. Just typing this is making me salivate... Going to visit the House of the Mouse? I suggest you take a night to enjoy the fusion cuisine at Cafe Tu Tu Tango. After all, it is one of the few non-chain restaurants in the resort area!
Great Service! The food is different and very tasty. Considering most restaurants are serving Tourists this one really cares for the food. Great Art Display and Great cocktails too! Best Sangria Ever!.
Another great meal. We'll be back next time we're in Orlando.
I visited Orlando recently and of course I went to yelp to find where to eat.  This place showed up as one of the top restaurants so I decided to give it a try.  It was a Friday night and I absent mindley didn't make a reservation.  So about 30 mins before we wanted to go to dinner I called to see if I could make one.  Luckily, the hostess said sure, just come in and we will put your name down. When we arrived I told her my name and she handed me the buzzer.  There were a decent amount of people waiting there already so I was glad I called ahead.  About 10 mins later we were seated. We order a ton of things.  The ones that stood out (in a good and bad way) Good: -goat cheese timbale -prosciutto & mango flatbread Ehhh: -salmon burger sliders (too salty for my taste) -grilled guava pork ribs (sauce was good, but the meat was not as tender as I like my ribs) The drinks were actually the best thing we had.  Must try the MICHELANGELO MOJITO ! Tip: A few of the desserts items need to be baked and takes about 20 mins to make.  So if you want one of those, order ahead.
Fantastic and fun!  The Dynamite Shrimp is a must have.
The service was a solid 2 stars, but the food and atmosphere deserve 5. So, I guess we'll settle in at 3 stars, which is A-OK. Eclectic little place on I-Drive - lots of space inside and out, which is great because there's tons of cool local artwork on display and performers roaming about (a belly dancer and psychic the night I was there.) Service was slow and not particularly friendly, but the food was really good. I'd recommend: Alligator bites Shrimp and Grits Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls Sangria was also good - the white version is a bit sweeter, but I liked the red as well. Make a res - this place gets crowded after 7 p.m. Will definitely hit it up the next time I'm in Orlando.
There are SO many boring chain restaurants in Orlando we were psyched to find something unique that also has a gluten free menu. The drink menu is fantastic with awesome signature mojitos. It's tapas style food so there are tons of options, just under half of which can be made gluten free. The alligator jambalaya was surprisingly good and not overwhelmingly spicy. The seafood skewers were incredible and even the hummus was a nice surprise. The only food that disappointed were the Cuban sliders - too greasy and salty.   If you're here visiting the theme parks save yourself a trip to Outback or Planet Hollywood and check this place out!
So unique and good food too!! I love all of the local art on the walls and the brightly colored walls. Artists paint right while you eat. All of the food we had was really good: Guava BBQ ribs, white bean/artichoke/sun-dried tomato dip, b'nut purée/apple/onion/walnut pizza
This place is so much fun. Lots of art, good food and music. If you are into appetizers and sharing with friends (or not) then this is the place. I really enjoyed my last visit here since the one we used to have in Miami closed down :(
I saw this place on Travel Channel's "$40 A Day" w/ Rachel Ray and it looked pretty cool.  So when we visited Orlando, it was on my "places to go" list.   The great part, it was right behind the hotel we were staying at, Holiday Inn "The Castle" Hotel.  We walked into Café Tu Tu Tango, and were blown away from all the vibrant colors and friendly staff. "Julz" was our server and she immediately introduced us to her restaurant.  She was truly amazing.  However, the food was good, but really small portions.  There were 7 of us, at our table, and shared the food, since we ordered a punch of plates.   This place has a bunch of art on the walls, from local artists, and are all for sale.  There are a couple pics, randomly throughout the place, that I would not deem as "kids friendly" for my younger cousins, but oh well.
The Gator bites and Salmon sliders were fantastic.  A must try in Orlando.
Unique atmosphere with great decor,  delicious tapas and sangria.  There was an artist there painting all night,  and a belly dancer visited our table during our meal.   We had an Oberon and red Sangria - both delicious - and then started with the goat cheese timbale and jalapeño Mac and cheese.   We had high hopes to try 2 more plates,  but only had room for the empanadas.  It's hard to pick my favorite,  but I think it was the timbale.  Husband's favorite was the Mac and cheese.   Will definitely come back when we return to Orlando,  abs have already recommended to friends that are heading south in a few weeks!  Don't forget to walk through the rest of the place and check out the local artwork - all for sale.
Great food, fun place --but too loud.  Darn it but I'm turning into my mother and the tunes were very enjoyable but I couldn't hear my friends across the table.  Five of us were having dinner and had to yell to be heard.  Ok, I feel better now that I have got that part out. On to the food.  Oh my goodness.  Every bite a dream.  Creative combinations of taste and texture.   Upmarket twists on old dishes: *Cajun Chicken Egg-rolls (who would have thunk it?); roasted pears on pecan crisps with goat cheese and arugula (hitting all the marks, sweet, savory, bitter); *Pork Cuba Libra (mmmmmmmmmm may we all be free) *Flatbread - we had 2 kinds:  prosciutto and mango, then baby portabello and spinach; * Mandarin Chicken Dumplings - with a tasty chili and lime sauce * Hummus plate with lime We followed the small plate traditional form of communal eating which allowed for tasty mouthfulls, one after the other.   And all this for an unbelievable $77 for five people.  Seriously. Unfortunately, the loud music makes me give a 4 instead of a 5 ---but the food is a 5.
Many reviews describe Cafe Tu Tu Tango as "unique", and this is probably the best description. The food is eclectic but very good, and a welcome break from all the chain restaurants in this area. There's enough variety to suite everyone in your dining party, and the food is good value for money. In addition to the great food,there was a variety of entertainment when we visited on a Friday: Tableside Flamenco dancing, an artist painting WWII "Nose Art", and someone doing Tarot readings. while this sounds gimmicy, it was not - it fit right in with the ambiance.
I'm sort of on the fence about Tu Tu Tango. I've been here a few different times over the last couple of years and never had an experience that blew me away. They've ranged from "okay" to "I regret this decision." On off-hours I've had terrible service when no one else was seated in my area. During prime dining time (weekend night) I've had okay service. Because it's tapas style, food just sort of shows up when it comes out of the kitchen. If you're in a big group you might have mix ups if someone orders the same dish but in a different way (like how the steak was done at our table). Also, make sure you know what wine you're ordering. There was a mix up the last time I was there, and someone ended up with a very expensive glass of wine when they were trying to order the cheap house -somethingorother-. Bummer, but that's life. I've had good dishes here and I've had mediocre. And to be honest, not very much of it was memorable for me. The empanadas were more dough than filling (and hard), the steak and cold noodle dish could do without the cold noodles, the salad was... A salad. It bums me out that my experiences got progressively worse with each visit. Also, that weekend night thing - you're forced to valet park. If you're like me and you don't want someone in your car, you have to park forever away and walk up. There's also hired entertainment. A couple months ago, it was a mediocre belly dancer using the generic belly dancer music. I know one of the girls who used to work that gig and she was a total badass and fit the eclectic artsy vibe they have going on here. And, side note - I dig all the crazy art on the walls. It's probably their only saving grace for me. The inside was so loud our table couldn't have a conversation without yelling.
Came here while visiting Orlando for a jewelry convention. So glad Yelp came through for me yet again... Ambiance, service, atmosphere, food, everything - A+ my two favorites were: Cuban Steak Skewers Garlic Shrimp Aioli (sp) Though everything we tried was really good... the one thing, the hummus, which was good, was served with pita chips and crackers - we're Persian so we were expecting pita bread. This is my only slight gripe. Also had the peach flavored White Sangria - very tasty and not too sweat. Dad and I shared 3 plates, the hummus appetizer, and bottle of sangria for about $60 - pretty solid dining experience and very fun. Would come back here if I ever returned to Orlando.
Art mixed with tapas.  Ahhhh, what a great idea.  The food is great and I love, love, love the concept.  Most of the tapas I have tried each time I've dined here are great.  Their drink menu is also fun and the wine selection is extensive.  Now, if you are bold enough, try the alligator bites.  The roasted pears on pecan chips are addicting.  Flamenco dancers entertain you while you dine and don't forget to get your tarot cards read while you are visiting this place, too!
We look forward to eating at this place every time we come to Florida. The atmosphere alone is enough to keep you coming back. The restaurant is decorated with pieces of art from local artists, all of which are available for purchase. The fun, eccentric vibe makes for a great dining experience and a great place to have a few drinks with friends. The food is served tapas style, so I recommend ordering a few items to start but keep the menu because you will want to keep ordering more. The salmon slider were the bomb! I would have to say my favorite part of the whole meal was the banana pizza which we ordered for dessert. Seriously, it's the best dessert I've had in a long time.
Cafe Tu tu Tango saved us! We loved the food and the fact that it wasn't crawling with kids -- yes, I know it's Orlando, but give me a break!  High quality service and food. A definite GO!
I couldn't believe my luck finding this gem among the massively commercial options on International Drive. The food was inventive, fresh and delicious, not to mention affordable! The atmosphere is unique as it comes, with belly dancers (PG for families) jewelry artists, and fortune tellers in house. The service was wonderful - our waiter had  great recommendations and was extremely nice. If you are in Orlando and want something different from the overpriced chains with mediocre food, this is a MUST.
The food was ok. The egg-rolls were sooo good! It has great ambience and you can see a live artist paint. Theres amazing art! Its like a gallery. The reason why this place isn't getting a five star is because service and found that the music was too loud. I didn't appreciate the selection -pop- given the ambience called for something maybe more mellow or at least lower volume. Couldn't have a conversation with my date!
Over the past few months, I've come to know this restaurant as my regular spot. I fell in love with this place from the moment I walked through the doors. The whole idea behind their theme as being "food for the starving artists" speaks volumes about their goal. The food ranges from brick oven pizzas, to southwest egg rolls, to seafood, to Asian fusion. It has the most eclectic menu in town with weekly rotating specials. The restaurant is covered wall to wall with local artist's beautiful work. You'll usually even come across one of these artists in the midst of creation right in the center of the place. On the weekends, this place is bustling with guests, flamenco dancers, as well as psychic readers. They have balloon artists for the kids too! It definitely gets busy on the weekends or when a convention is around the corner, so call ahead. During the day there is usually immediate seating. They also cater to private parties. It has one of the best staffs in all of Orlando, and if I'm not mistaken has won several awards from Orlando periodicals. I frequent the bar area, which is adorned with several couches to lounge on while sipping one of their many cocktails or a micro-brew from their very extensive beer list. The bartenders are fantastic and each have their own very individual style and are all very great conversationalists. Try the hummus for an appetizer and don't miss out on the fresh sangria.
Even though this is in the tourist district, Tu Tu Tango is one of my favorite hangouts. A unique tapas style menu and a wait staff that remembers you, eat right at the bar. I've stolen their version of strawberry/ spinach salad with success and their menu is always evolving.
Fantastic- great option amidst the sea of chain restaurant options on International Drive. I've dined here in the past and have found that the best results are with parties of 4...smaller than that and you won't get enough variety, and larger group will miss out on tapas unless multiple plates are passed around. First of all, Seadog Sunfish Ale (while based in Maine, there is a local outpost at Seadog Brewing Co a little bit south on I-4) is on the menu so get it! It is one of the most refreshing beers I've tried in a while, with notes of grapefruit and peach...light but complex at the same time. Tapas highlights: Sloppy joe sliders (Fresh thyme and cranberry infused ground black angus sirloin blend, avocado coleslaw, fried pickled shallot rings, brioche bun)- so delicious, and probably my favorite tapa of the dinner. Pork belly pretzel bun sliders with potato salad (Fennel, chili and thyme marinated roasted pork belly, house-made sauerkraut, Chef T's thousand island dressing, pretzel buns, German style bacon infused fingerling potato salad)- great soft pretzel buns, the potato salad surprised me...fingerlings has a nice crispyness on the outside and just a hint of mayo for the ideal potato salad. Cuban sliders with yuca fries (Capicola, Genoa salami, braised pulled pork, pickled cucumbers, Swiss cheese, yucca fries, Peruvian huancaina sauce)- yuca fries, while they look very manufactured in white rectangles, they are so surprisingly delicious- crispy on the outside, and soft and starchy on the inside. Hazelnut lemongrass fish (Hazelnut-lemongrass crusted, butter braised local whitefish, watercress-ginger sauce, green tea somen noodles)- probably one of the only misses of the night...the green tea somen noodles were a little over cooked and gloppy and a little over seasoned with soy sauce.  The fish had a nice lemongrass and hazelnut flavor but the crust was not very crusty...it was a little soggy. Korean osso bucco chicken (Ginger-hoisin-garlic-chili marinated chicken confit, cornbread, sambar butter)- small drumsticks of chicken were very tasty with a great ginger infused sauce.  The cornbread on the side was very unexpected...the sambar butter was a great touch to what would have been otherwise a throwaway piece of bread. About $8-10 per tapa dish so it can add up quickly and get a bit pricey.  There are artists situated near the entrances painting so you get to observe some of the quickly art being produced right in front of you.  Service was ok...there would be some stretches where we would wait a bit for the server to return with our drinks or to refill waters, but nothing too drastically  bad.  The tapas are usually brought out as they are prepared so several plates of food would show up at the same time to fill up the tiny high top tables...would have been better if the dishes were spaced out a bit.
This place has such a good selection on their menu!  It offers many different dishes, prepared in unique ways.  After spending quite a lot of time debating what to order, we finally settled on the following 5 dishes: -- pear on pecan crisps -- guava ribs -- mango/prosciutto flat bread -- steak skewers -- spinach / strawberry salad First off, the pear dish was incredible.  It was sweet and a little salty (I think it was drizzled with balsamic vinegar, and arugula).  It was unlike any dish we've ever had - almost wanted to order seconds!  The ribs and the salad were also really good. We think we missed the mark with the flat bread and skewers.  Nothing wrong with them, but there was probably other dishes on the menu we would've liked more. The service was good, the ambiance was good - we would definitely go back if ever in Orlando again.
This was our fourth time here. We return mainly because the place has some lively personality and we know what to expect with the food. We get many little tastes of what we like and don't feel like we are being force fed huge portions. Some dishes are better than others but the food is largely average, which is not bad. There are some tasty items. We liked the fried calamari, dynamite shrimp, oriental steak skewers, pork Cuba libre, and hand tossed pepperoni pizza. Did NOT like the hummus as it was WAY too thick and grainy. Some nights are louder than others, naturally. If you want a quiet meal, don't go at Spring Break.
A bit over a week in Orlando and we ate here three times.  Over a dozen dishes tried along with deserts, a few mixed drinks as well, and I couldn't find a thing I disliked.  Nice place, good parking, cool atmosphere.  I'll be back next year.
I found a piece of gum at the bottom of my sangria bottle
I love this place! It's a little pricey for the portion sizes, but well worth the splurge if you're in the mood to treat yourself. The food is really good. I haven't had anything I haven't enjoyed and I love that you get to try a bunch of new things. It's got a great atmosphere (although it's quite loud so don't plan on doing too much serious talking) and I love that they promote local artists.
We went there a long time ago to enjoy some sangria and some snacks and chill in the atmosphere of the place. I do remember that it was loud and slightly overcrowded but nice. It's time to go back and try it out again.
I stopped in to have dinner recently.  This used to be a place that I really enjoyed visiting years ago.  The restaurant has been  completely remodeled since I had been.  The server was great.  Not much else was great though.   The music was way too loud and I left with a headache.  I ordered the duck and chicken confit quesadilla.  The quesadilla had potential to be great but it was disgustingly salty and I had to send it back after one bite.  I went ahead and got the chicken egg rolls which were salty but not so salty I couldn't eat it.  I was really hungry at that point and decided to eat the filling at least since the egg roll wrap was too oily for my liking.   I found the prices on the beer way too expensive but I understand that this is a tourist spot and everything is way marked up for what you get.  I do like the decor and the service but that is not enough to make me want to go back.
Fun and funky atmosphere.  Love the art.  Very kid friendly. Generous portions.  The grilled guava ribs ate excellent as well as the tango dynamite shrimp.  Also do not pass on the soups.  Wait staff is extremely courteous and very attending!!!!  Thumbs up.  First time here,  we will definitely return....often!!!!!
As far as tapas places go, Café Tu Tu Tango is as good as it gets. I've been going to Café Tu Tu Tango since I was in college in Miami. Sadly, the Orlando location is the last remaining one as the Aventura and Coconut Grove locations closed long ago. The I-drive location is every bit as good as those locations were though. Their dishes are creative and fun, from their fusion of different cuisines to their plating. I make it a point to come here whenever I'm in town. Although some items on their menu change, there are a few standbys I absolutely LOVE, and the Argentinian Orange-Chimichurri Steak is at the top of that list. The Dynamite Shrimp and Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls aren't far behind. As a matter of fact, you can't go wrong with anything on their regular menu or their Chef's Specials section. Sometimes I have to hold back from ordering one of everything. There's enough variety on the menu that you shouldn't be afraid to try something new. Each experience could be a new one if you want it to be. The atmosphere is decent and there's a lot of cool art on the walls...most of which is available for purchase. Make sure you save some room for dessert though. You'll be happy you did!
A welcome reprieve from the bland fare at other places in this touristy part of town.  It's a chain, too (albeit a very small chain), but they try to do something different.  I credit Tango for introducing tapas to people who normally don't try new things.  They were doing tapas-style food more than ten years ago, before it became trendy to serve 'small plates.'    It's not true Spanish tapas, but the food is good and more interesting than Friday's.  From mushrooms sofrito to sushi to cajun chicken eggrolls, there's something for everyone, all served up on a palette. The atmosphere is fun and the style of the restaurant is very cool (full disclosure: my friend designed it--but I would admit if a friend didn't do a great job).  As others have said, there is always an artist of some sort there.  The art on the walls is all local (local to each location) and is for sale. It can indeed get loud; it's sort of a party atmosphere.  Fun for group outings or if you just want light fare with drinks.  Oh, and try the specialty cocktails!
Fun place, good service, very good food.
This was our first experience, and overall, it was enjoyable! First, they valet your car. We couldn't find a parking space anywhere in their lot, as it is all sectioned off, and marked valet. The attendants were all quite friendly. Inside, the decor was a wonderful hodge podge of work from local artists, all on sale. They had an artist painting, a tarot card reader, and a belly dancer at the restaurant. While it added to the ambiance for many I am sure, it was awkward having someone come up and dance at you while you are eating, especially when it's unexpected . This restaurant is tapas style, with many small plate offerings to share that come out as they are ready. They recommend two per person, which worked well for us. You can always order more as the meal goes on if you are still hungry. The food itself was great! We ordered beef empanadas, meatball pizza, osso bucco, and Asian steak. They all came out fresh and piping hot! If I were rating this on food taste alone, I would have given them 5 stars. If only the service had been as good. Our waitress was rude, and forgot things that we had requested. Unfortunately, the service put a damper on our overall experience.
I came here the first time for the Elite event, then again last night because I wanted to experience it as an actual customer and not as part of an event. Both times I was quite impressed. The Dynamite Shrimp surprised me at the event, so I ordered it again the 2nd time around and still enjoyed it. This is extremely out of the ordinary for me because I am usually not a fan of shrimp. Not sure if this is a good thing, but the breading and sweet chili aioli that they had on the shrimp overpowered anything else that I don't usually like about eating shrimp. Which probably means that if they had given the sauce to me on something else deep-fried, I'd be just as happy. We also tried the BBQ Glazed Ribs, which was actually ever so slightly disappointing. The sauce was good, but the ribs were not at all at the level I was expecting in terms of texture. The flavor also seemed to have stayed as a coating instead of being in the meat. The Cuban Grilled Steak Skewers were very good, but not cooked evenly. Half of the meat on the skewer was medium-well, while the other half was well-done. I wish I had started on the well-done part because it was incredibly chewy. The potato thing that came with it, though, stole the show for me. Can I just have that without the skewers? Kthxbai. Then, we ordered the Chicken Flautas, which was good, but mostly due to the spicy pepper jelly. Without it, I don't think they would've been as good of a taste experience. For dessert, the chocolate-covered cheesecake lollipops were just amazing. Extremely sinful when you think about it, so just don't. I love the art on the walls, but so far the live performances have been disappointing. Maybe I've just been coming here on off nights.
Food was very good and there is a huge variety to choose from. I guess the only thing i have to say is watch how much you order because i could see the price catching you by suprise. The one flaw was that even though the restraunt was very slow my waitress forgot to place part of my order for 15 minutes.
We travel to Orlando a couple of times a year from trade shows at the convention center.  My wife absolutely loves this place so we decided to try it for Sunday Brunch this time.  The food was good, actually better than good, and the service was very good.   There are only 4 items on the brunch menu (in addition to their normally large regular menu).  There were four of us and we each ordered something different and each entree was very good. They have a bottomless Bloody Mary deal for something like $14.  Mimosas are $7.50 for the small tulip glass version.  I prefer MegaMosas (a Mimosa in an adult sized glass) which they were willing to do for twice the price.  $15 for a Mimosa on a Sunday Brunch is a LOT.  I just ordered a split of Prosecco ($10) and the server brought a little OJ for me.  That worked much better. Here's my only problem (and it's not really a problem just an observation).  This is such a funky little place that just screams to be the Sunday Brunch leader in the area.  The setup would allow a lot of places for buffet style choices.  Even if buffet isn't their style there could easily be more than 4 choices on the brunch menu.  And they could really stand to add some sort of champagne/Mimosa deal.  That's pretty much standard on any Sunday Brunch. Again we really liked it.  With a choice of more brunch entrees I would given them 4 stars, and a champagne/Mimosa option would have added a 5th.
If I feel lonely for the night, I will go hit this restaurant with friends. It is a party heaven! You probably don't care about the food and drink, you just want to hit the core of your passion and party till your brain goes blank! Um..... I am okay and not alone today, so I went there with hubby for a early dinner. We arrived around 430pm and the restaurant is quiet. We are the only guests they have. I've got my chance to see all their artist painting and chat with charming bartenders. It is a unique place for all ages as long as you know when to go, how to go, why to go..... or Hell I am going no matter. It worth the 71 dollar we spent on 5 tapas, 3 IPA, 1 white wine and 1 margarita. Well spent money for a quality time. My favorite tapas, DYNAMITE SHRIMP, MUSHROOMS ROCKEFELLER and CARNE ASADA. Whatever your choice of drinks, those dish add the punch. Food is interesting and drink can be improved more.....more...... After all, great place to go any time of the day!
Based on the reviews, we really wanted to like this place.  Unfortunately, the only good thing about it was the food, but that wasn't enough to make up for the rest of the experience. Atmosphere and service were terrible.  The artwork, belly dancers and all the other things going on could have been nice on their own, but collectively they turned into a disorganized mess.  We were especially annoyed when a photographer came around to take pictures and was then selling the pictures back in key chains and other items.  Aren't the prices that we're already paying for food enough?  Do they really have to try to get more from us?  I don't mind pictures on the wall that you have the option to purchase, but I really disliked having people come to my table to sell things.  That's where the line got crossed when the dinner was interrupted. We skipped dessert because we didn't want to stay in the restaurant any longer. This restaurant may have started with a good vision/identity and good food, but they've added too much on top and gone way off track.  We will not be returning.
Went on a Thursday night, they weren't very busy. All the food came out super fast, everything we had was amazing! (We probably ate half the menu that night). Everything from ribs to pizza to creme brulee was awesome! A little pricy, (def. $$ or maybe even $$$ depending on the dish) Keep a menu at your table! You'll want to order more when you start eating! One downside was the high seating was king of annoying and there was a belly dancer on the night we went and they blasted the music when she came around -- made it difficult to order food and talk to each other.
This place is quite unique. It has Latin-Tapas influence (which is what sold me to begin with), but it's an aesthetic and entertaining experience. Local artist are around you painting live and belly dancers! So fun!
Pretty good sangria. Great casual atmosphere. Good prices.
I like the small plates, so you can try different things, and share with others, but the food wasn't exactly stellar, more "eh". Certainly edible, but not for the prices. It always seems very loud, and, although I enjoyed the entertainment, it was really hard to have a conversation. The service was also "eh". Always seemed like when we needed our server they weren't around, and some of the food took a LOT longer than I would have thought.
Wanted something more unique while I was in Orlando so we stopped here. The food was almost just right. The concept was great, the price was right, but the food just felt like it was missing something in every dish. The items looked very nice, but just missed something in flavor. The budino dessert was boring. I would probably go back and hope they added more flavor next time.
Every time I am in Orlando I hit this spot!  Love it.... Long wait.  So, if you have children, get there early!  It gets pretty crowded & loud.  Ambiance is cool and if you're into art...always something to look at.
Finding myself weary after checking into my I-Drive situated hotel, hungry as can be driving non stop from Boca (one bag of salty chips for nourishment), and another torrential downpour of rain to occur, I checked Yelp for possible dining options and decided Cafe Tu Tu Tango would work. And it was on the hotel property, as well. I'm not into tourist heavy places but I couldn't avoid it considering the location. I read reviews which highlighted the artists painting on site, belly dancers, and tarot card readers, and figured after a few drinks I could cope. After all, I'm a BrooklynBoy and can survive and thrive anywhere. We sat at the bar and ordered white sangria based on Yelp reviews. Frankly, it was nasty, even after adding a shot of Grey Goose. Then ordered the red sangria (at suggestion of bartender), and it was equally as nasty. Cheap wine. No fermented fruit. Avoid this if you are accustomed to really good sangria. I should have ordered a decent wine, my preferred beverage after Vodka. Moved to a table to eat and received attentive and warm service from Kurtis, who really seemed to enjoy his job, which was a welcome sign. It made a big difference. The kitchen seemed slower than I expected, as it wasn't that crowded yet, but maybe I am spoiled? We downed DYNAMITE SHRIMP (crispy with a good chili sauce) and GUAVA RIBS which were both quite good. The JALAPEÑO MAC was tasty and salty (as were the ribs), and the CHORIZO AL FUEGO, which was spicy, surrounded by fingerling potatoes in a brandy sauce. Finished up with a FIVE CHEEZE PIZZA - cheddar, mozzarella, manchego, goat and Parmesan which was quite good, better than expected.  I would re-order any of these. The hostess who asked if everything was all right comped two glasses of wine after I reported on the sangria, which was a positive management move on her behalf.   And yes, we experienced two flamenco dancers as well as two quasi acrobatic dancers while we dined. Survived both, and felt badly for the flamenco dancers (from Boliva), that they had to make a living doing this 3x a night. Welcome to the convention center area of Orlando and all it offers in supporting our economy.
I really enjoy tapas bars, and Tango is the perfect mix of small plates with a variety of choices. They also offer a variety of entertainment including belly dancers, fire breathers, and artists. If you're looking for a special occasion restaurant, Cafe Tu Tu Tango would be one of my top choices. The Food: Is excellent, and not your typical tapas fare. One of my favorites is the roasted pears on pecan crisps. I haven't found anything similar at any of the restaurants in Orlando, or anywhere else for that matter. It's ne of those dishes you don't want to share, even though that's part of the tapas bar concept. Even if you're not a drinker, I highly suggest ordering a pitcher of fresh sangria or mojitos. I don't even LIKE mojitos, but my friends ordered a pitcher and I had to have a taste...hooked! Yummy, delicious, tastes like candy. The Service: Has really varied for me. I strongly suggest, and would require if I could, that you make reservations. Tango is in tourist central, and every single Disney/Universal/Orlando transient in the world tries to get in last minute. Don't be THAT guy. Even if you do have reservations, be prepared to WAIT. We booked a large group for dinner on a Saturday night for my best friend's birthday, but still ended up waiting an hour to be seated. Once we got a space, the food and drinks came out impressively fast...but we still waited an hour WITH reservations. The Entertainment: If there is another venue where you can see fire breathers, dancers, circus acts and artists besides the circus, please let me know. This place has so much going on at once at times you don't know where to look- but it's an absolute blast. Probably not the best venue for an intimate chat, but it would be a great first date spot if you're nervous about making conversation. All in all, despite some minor set backs, I really love Cafe TuTu Tango. Yet another one of those places I wish would relocate out of tourist alley so I could visit more often!
Very good food, tapas style, service for party of 6 was good. Can be loud  in area we were were. Musician playing and artist painting in the middle of things made it fun.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this place.   Local artist rotate into two or three stations. Painting,  displaying and selling their art work.   The food and staff are good as well.  Everything is tapa style and gives you some room to try more then one thing if you like.
There's nothing else like this place. Surround yourself in art, dance, and delectable bites. This is a must-visit spot every time I come to Orlando. I'm still going through withdrawals for Cafe Tu Tu Tango since their Coconut Grove location closed, and would fully support a come back of some sorts... we miss it so much!!!
Soups were a great deal for the price.  Delicious, however, the portions for the other dishes were quite small.
What a wonderful place -- awesome small plates and overall great food. I went with a group of friends and we had a wonderful time. Its got a cool funky artsy vibe, which is right up this Austinite's alley! Plenty of parking, good service, good food, decent prices -- I did not have any drinks, but my friends had a couple and they all seemed pleased with them. The service was great, a little slow, but we did go at a super busy time. One of the neatest things that they had -- there was an artist painting right there in the resturant bar area -- it was cool to watch her. Apparently, they have artist come in and do that all the time and people buy their art right there or they hang it on the wall. Neat stuff, love the idea -- but the art was kinda expensive -- so I just admired it from my table :).
After reading the positive yep reviews, I was very disappointed at the food, especially due to the highish prices.  If the food was half the price that it is, I would still say it is too expensive for the quality. oriental marinated steak skewers, 2 stars Tango hummas, 2 stars Picadillo empanadas, 3 stars Roma tomato and goat cheese flatbread, 3 stars Spinich salad, 2 stars
I have mixed feelings about tapas restaurants...I love the variety, but hate it when I order a $10 plate and it arrives with maybe two bites of food on it.  So I was a little wary of trying this place.  So glad I did though-This is the best tapas experience I've had to date.  Great variety, tasty dishes, and the portion sizes are very generous.  Standouts for me were the alligator jambalaya, shrimp and kielbasa skewers, cajun chicken eggrolls and the black bean soup (which comes with a cilantro sour cream that is yummy).   Oh yeah, and the atmosphere is fun too. There was a local artist painting as we walked in the door...dancers...and a wandering magician who showed off his sleight of hand. I definitely reccomend this restaurant.
This was a delicious dinner for myself & 2 co-workers while we were in town for a conference. Great service, yummy food, and artsy ambiance. Parts of it reminded me of Gaudi works from Spain :) and they had an artistic painting behind the host stand! Recommendations: the lemongrass fish dish, the pork belly sliders, the flatbread with the leeks, and - yep - the dynamite shrimp. It was my fave :) The sangria is good, but be warned it's not just wine - has liquor, too. (could sneak up on ya). Anyway, it's on Open Table, near the conference center - it's great.
Just saying the name "Cafe Tu Tu Tango" is pretty darn fun, and that's just the beginning. Driving up the the restaurant, you know its something different. Smack in the middle of tourist ridden International Drive, Tu Tu Tango shows it uniqueness from all the other bland restaurants with its colorful paint job and inviting architecture. To be there: This is half the fun! There is tons of live art happening all around you the entire evening. When we visited we walked past a lady doing stamp art outside the restaurant, while inside was a wonderful painter at work and an incredible egg decorator hard at work (we could have watched him for hours!). I absolutely love the music selection as well-but I'm sure the mix of classical and opera is not for everyone, and as a note...it is rather loud. Twice during our meal a sultry belly dancer made her way around the room, inviting me up to dance with her the second time! The incredible artwork, and lively atmosphere makes this a must visit on its own! To eat there: The only thing more amazing than the environment? The food. The food is amazing. Everything is served tapas style, which makes it easy to try a bunch of different things among a group and still leave feeling stuffed! Our group ordered 5 different dishes, all were amazing! Top awards go the Saganaki-Flaming Cheese, Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls, and the Cuban Grilled Steak Skewers. To pay here: I recommend going with a small group so you can try lots of different things, while keeping within a good budget. We were 3 people, ordered 5 dishes (including a 2nd order of the steak skewers they were so good!), and their white Sangria (enough for all to have 2 medium glasses). It ended up being $23 per person before tip-a great bargain in my book! The food, service, environment, and price are all great! It's such a unique place, that I'm sure I'll be going back again soon!
Cafe TuTu Tango was recommended by coworkers & we were not disappointed. Atmosphere & menu are awesome. The quality of the food & service was excellent.  Sashira took very good care of us. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for something different. Where else can you take a break from your dinner/drinks & stroll through the restaurant checking out artwork? 5 stars for the perfect mix of atmosphere, menu, quality & price. We will be back.
One of the great surprises of our Orlando Trip! Emil was excellent and made great recommendations as to what to try! Everything was prepared fresh and was ridiculously tasty. Artsy and quirky ( in a good way!) with painters, belly dancers and unusual furniture. I was concerned that I was racking up a big bill as we ordered each item separately but was very pleased at how reasonably we were able to eat. We found Cafe Tu Tu Tango on Yelp but when we asked our friends in Orlando where to go it was a unanimous choice! Glad we listened!
Looking through their menu, my friends and I weren't sure what to order individually. Everything sounded yum yum good, so thank god we decided to basically order everything on the menu! We ordered 2 or 3 of certain plates, especially the skewers so that everyone could get a little taste. I kind of enjoy family style because sharing food is such an intimate experience.   MUST ORDER: Oriental Marinated Steak Skewers - TABLE FAVORITE. We got 4 orders at the end of the night. The aoili was fantastic as well. You must order this. Big pieces of steak on a skewer, very flavorful. Picadillo and Cheese Empanadas - MMMM! Perfectly crispy and thick crust. I loved the cheese and spicy beef filling. I wanted more! Spicy Crab Chopsticks - Surprisingly outstanding! Long crispy "chopsticks" filled with flavorful crab. Grilled Guava BBQ Glazed Ribs - SO FREAKING GOOD. If I wasn't so stuffed with meat, I would have had more. But I love love love the glaze. It's tangy finger-lookin good. Pork Cuba Libre - TBH, I ate so much meat I couldn't tell which was which. I just remember most of the pork/beef was so tasty! Carne Asada - Again, loved the flavors. And the guac! Mac n Cheese - Surprise group fav! Not your typical mac n cheese, this had chicken too. EHH OKAY: Cajun Chicken Egg Roll - I like the crisp, but I found it to be standard Gator Bites - Interesting. This was most of our first times eating alligator. chewy. It was served like calamari so we ended up not having a strong opinion about the gator taste Calamari - Same old Cayo Hueso Wings - Not a group favorite. It was okay. Ehhh. Flamed Grilled Lamp Chops - Average. We also got pitchers of margaritas and mojitos. I was not a fan of the margarita because it was watered down. The mojitos, on the other hand, were addicting...especially in pitcher form. I can also see how their sangria is award-winning because I fell in love with it. You MUST get the sangria!!!!! Another side note: They have artists who paint/draw outside. Inside, they hang artists' pieces, which was awesome to look at. I love looking at art, and most of these pieces had crazy colors. So cool and eclectic! I loved the ambiance and feel of this restaurant. Not your typical place, but the food is not only YUMS but also fun!!! Got some of our friends to dance with the bellydancer too. FUN FUN FUN that makes it 5 stars!
I go to this place every time I'm in Florida.  Such a cool place especially for Orlando.  It's tapas so great for a group.  Eclectic, artsy interior always with some performing artists there as well, palm reader, belly dancer, painter, etc.  There's tons of art for sale as well.  The sangria is fantastic, the food is good, not necessarily great but it's good and it's a fun date night!
Very good! Yummy food and a fun experience sharing with the table. Check it out!  Recommend 3-4 dishes per two people to share.
When Paul H. introduced this place to me, I was super stoked. I love me some good tapas. This place is not bad but there were a few bumps that prevented it from being on my must go list. The service was really spotty. Lex was too fast and barely stayed long enough for us to ask for more food. We had to flag him down to order. :/ Here's the run down of what we ordered: Steak and chimichurri sauce -meat was chewy, sauce was great Empanadas - savory **must get** Alligator meat -meh the meat was chopped up really small which resulted in too much breading Salmon burger - too salty and dry Shrimp - no one liked it. It was essentially deep fried shrimp smothered in mayo Guava ribs - don't expect any guava flavor and you'll enjoy it. it's just extra sweet ribs Creme brûlée - sugar shell was not thick enough and custard was ok This restaurant looks really cool on the inside. If I were to come back here, it would not be for the food but for the ambiance.
Tu Tu Tango gets better every time I dine there. Their menu is constantly changing which is always good because it keeps people coming back. For those of you that are not aware, their menu items are all TAPAS STYLE. I have dined here so many times I have lost count. I dined there on 12/26/11 and it was delicious. We tried the Albondigas (Meatballs), a new addition to the menu and they were great, especially the sauce which I used a spoon to clean the plate. We had the Guava BBQ ribs and they were very tender as always. The pizzas are by far my favorites. I have not found a pizza in Orlando that can compete with the ones they make here. I am from NYC so my pizza standard is high but TTT makes a great tasting pizza, especially their 5 cheese and pepperoni pizzas. Dessert is always good for me. I tried the Brownie Sundae and it was yummy. They served the brownie hot with ice cream and I am a dessert junkie so there not much more to say about that. They have great drinks, especially the Sangrias. They have a small wine list for you wine lover's like me. Their service is always very attentive, even when its packed. They used to have a lot more art than they have now so its not as cluttered and it looks a lot neater. For those who have based their rating on the art, its not Picasso art, its local artists trying to make some money and become more known. People don't go here for the art, they go for the food and the ambiance is an added bonus.  They used to have live music on the weekends with belly dancers and flamenco dancers. Im not sure if they still have that but I am sure you could call and ask.
Such a cool place!!  Artists creating new works of art while you done.  Different types of live entertainment each night.  I love the vibe here and the service was super friendly.  My favorite was the braised short ribs.  While my hubby's was the chicken egg rolls.  We both loved both of them but we did not agree with our favorites.  We also had the meatballs I was not a fan but my hubby said they were pretty good.  The chimmichurri steak with lemon manchego grits was another one my hubby liked but I personally couldn't get over the lemon grits flavor.  I won't be ordering that one next time but my hubby will.  LOL we both totally agreed that the banana pizza with Carmel gelato was awesome.  We will be back again for sure.  There is still so much I want to try!!
My husband and I were very pleased to find this restaurant in a sea of mediocre and touristy places . The waitress told us that two tapas per person should be enough . We decided to order 5 between the two of us which was more than enough. We ordered the pear with blue cheese, the pork belly Rubens, the short rib lettuce bowls, the dynamite shrimp, and the hummus. Our favorites werethe Rubens and the shrimp. I cannot wait to come back the next time we are in Orlando and maybe I can try some of their yummy drinks.
I came here with several folks after the builder show at the convention center.  The ambiance is extremely eclectic, and I love it!  Sangrias tasted great (get the passionfruit one), tapas portions were just right.  The calamari was tender, and the goat cheese spread was mmm mmm good.
Went here last night for a date night and very much enjoyed the experience upon entering you will notice the different paintings posted on the walls all unique in their own way. It was pretty busy for a Thursday night but we were seated right away which was nice but then the hostess tried to seat us in a rather off putting table with high traffic until she saw the look on my face then moved us to a table in the back corner by a tv...okay a little better but then we realized the table wasn't even level. I was starving so by this time I was annoyed and just wanted to order. My date had a beer and I ordered a Riesling and saw two different kinds and asked for the sweetest one...bad idea because it was rather dry and I ended up sending it back. The food was good besides the hiccup in service I enjoyed dining here.
Tu Tu Tango is really a 2.5 star kind of place based on food but the ambiance and entertainment make up for the lack luster food. The place is always packed on the weekend and the service has never been that great. Especially when there only 1 bar tender on a Fri. night and all you want is a drink! Let's start with the decor and entertainment: The place has a great vibe. Beautiful, funky and eclectic art created by local artists adorn the walls. There is always something interesting and new to look at. The belly dancers and hula hooping girls are highly entertaining and very talented. This is what makes it a great place to meet with friends and have a few drinks. The food however is a different story. The dishes are all tapas style which I really like--but the prices are way too high for tiny portions that are not the highest in quality. Nothing on the menu is really spectacular and the food is definitely nothing like authentic tapas would be. $8 for 2 pieces of Cajun Ckn Egg Rolls which are nothing special--Seriously?! Bottom line= Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a great place to meet up for drinks before dinner. The entertainment on Fri and Sat is worth stop over if your in the area.
This is such a fun restaurant.  Appetizer portions and lots of variety.  I had a lovely mojito with my meal as well.  The service was friendly and attentive without being annoying.  My only complaint is the the music can sometimes get too loud to have very much conversation at your table.
Came in on a busy Saturday night with at least 45-minute wait for a table of three... luckily, there were empty stools at the bar so we didn't have to wait for long.  First thing I noticed was that too many things were going on at the same time.  I get the whole "art" theme throughout the restaurant but thought it was a bit much: fire dancers entertaining guests with typical SoBe EDM blasting in the background; artwork scattered throughout the walls; and even a random guy painting in the corner.  It was like being on 'speed' without the need of taking anything!! The menu offers food unlike typical dishes one would expect at any other tapas restaurant.  Some of the standouts include Alforno Roasted Pears (pecan crisps, crumbled bleu cheese, arugula) and Gaudi Flatbread (goat cheese, ricotta salata cheese, hazelnuts, leeks, dates, balsamic reduction, watercress).  The prices are also quite steep considering that the servings were small.  Nonetheless, everything we ordered were actually tasty. For the beer aficionados out there, this restaurant has beer flights which is pretty dope especially since they have an extended amount of brews to choose from on the menu. Overall, Café Tu Tu Tango is definitely a great place for a large group celebrating special occasions; not the ideal restaurant to take her for an intimate dinner.  Delicious food, great drinks, superb customer service, and awesome ambiance... can't imagine why anyone wouldn't have a good time at this establishment.
DUDE new owners.  new floors.  new art.  new tables.  new menus old staples: Cajun chicken egg rolls, hummus, oriental steak skewers GO  :) bring friends, and enjoy
Jalapeño Mac and cheese and poached pear salad were well-prepared and the right size. I liked the Munch's jalapeno-infused cocktail - finally a not-to-sweet offering.
I'm sure I'm about to offend some locals. Apologies in advance. Orlando has only a select few options of nice dining places that aren't seafood centric or have a ridiculous theme like pirates or under the sea. Sorry guys, but Chicago has spoiled me. No, I do not want to eat my fries out of a mini Disney castle. That being said, I really loved the options that Cafe Tu Tu Tango provided so while on a business trip, my colleague and I decided to escape for a meal beyond our confined resort. Admittedly, I didn't quite understand what was going on with this place. We were seated in an spanish themed booth next to a wall of grass, an indie cartoon was showing on the televisions, bad 90's rock was blasting and a belly dancer randomly made appearances throughout the evening. It was like my brain had a sugar overload and exploded in a jungle. I'm sure others will disagree with me on this but I very much liked that the menu was not typical tapas. There were Mediterranean, Indian, American, tropical and even Spanish options. Not many places would provide this plethora of cuisines. The food was equally unique but very tasty. We started with the crispy falafel with a pineapple tahini sauce. Not like anything I've had before but incredibly delicious and the falafel was perfectly cooked. It's really easy to mess that portion up. We also split the spinach dip. While this was completely vegetarian, it had a bit of a fishy flavor which I found to be a little odd. My colleague decided to be daring and tried to Gaudi flatbread which looked the most unique on the menu. The pizza had goat cheese, ricotta salata cheese, hazelnuts, leeks, dates, balsamic reduction, and watercress. I was pretty hesitant but it was actually very good! I had the chili lime marinated chicken with corn pudding. The corn pudding was more like a cornbread, but this combination with the spice of the chicken was a fantastic idea! I also had the jalapeno pineapple margarita. If you like sweet and spicy, this is the drink for you! I would have ended up with 4 more but I had to drive later on in the evening. I do love that this place gave the respect to local artists that they deserve. They had someone painting during dinner and then had multiple pieces throughout the restaurant for purchase. Also, free valet parking.
International Drive is peppered with chain restaurants so when a place like Cafe Tu Tu Tango is around, one would be foolish not to give it a try.  The place is eccentric and the art work around the restaurant is more than enough to give people something to talk about while waiting for food to arrive.   As far as food goes, it's tapas style in that it's small plates that are meant to be shared but there is nothing traditional about the offerings.  Don't expect to see items that you might normally see in a tapas restaurant and that can be a good thing or a bad thing, depending on your mindset when you come in.   This is one time when having a big group works to your advantage in that you can order a variety of dishes, thus allowing you to get to know the restaurant's strengths.  We ordered the cajun chicken egg rolls (tasty), alligator bites (it's a shame that it's fried cause all fried things tend to taste the same), 2 types of pizza (forgettable), and pear salad.  The chefs do a really good job with meat items such as the argentinian chimichurri skewers and pork belly sliders.    Cuban sandwich panini served with yuca fries had the right amount of saltiness from the ham with the buttery goodness of the grilled bread.  Dessert items were sinful but could use more variety.  Because it was a work function, we were not actually able to partake in other libations and I'm sure coming at night would have added a different dimension to the experience.  Friendly but somewhat slow service; a wonderful option for convention goers in the area who want to escape their hotel restaurants!
Came here after a few drinks and had a couple more here. Not a a fan of small plates, the hummus absolutely sucked! Pork plate was decent. There desserts were pretty awesome! Our group ordered there smore calzone, peanut butter banana pizza, and cheesecake. The calzone was the highlight.
This was only my second time here, but I must say I really do love this place.  They have it all from craft beer to awesome tapas.  As an added bonus, they have beautiful local art hanging on the walls that you can buy or just view while waiting for your food. We recently came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, and it was relatively quiet.  Our server was super nice and very knowledgeable regarding menu items and their beer selection.  These dishes are definitely made for sharing, but are still a pretty decent portion size. We went with a few of the standard items including lettuce wraps, hummus, gator bites fried yucca, and pizza.  This pizza rivals NYC thin crust.  I would come back here just for that.  It is fresh and made in a wood fired oven.  Another bonus is that you can do a flight of beers if you want to sample a few different ones.  It is tapas style, so the food comes out when its ready, and not all together...which is nice because you actually enjoy each dish. Looking forward to coming back!
I was super excited to go here based on he reviews. My sister warned it wasn't that good. I should've listened. What we ordered; tenderloin- this was actually pretty good. Not anything special though. Chicken soup-same. Guava ribs-horrible. They were the giant fatty ribs that take way too much work to eat. I gave up after one. Cajun eggrolls- eh. There was NO spice in them. Sadly Chili's rolls are better. Chili relleno- decent, but the size of it was so tiny. Not worth $8. All in all I wouldn't go back.
Came here with a party of 8 on a Tuesday night.  There was a DJ playing some great old school tunes, but no live belly dancers or anything like that.  The place has an amazing vibe to it.  Lots of local art for sale (even artists working on paintings and artwork in the restaurant which was cool), fun crowd, good bar area, just a fun place to have dinner. Onto the food.  We had the: Goat Cheese Timbale - Decent but nothing earth shattering Roma Tomato and Goat Cheese Flatbread - Was amazing Southwest Chicken Flatbread - Just ok Spiced Alligator Bites - Fried, tasted like chicken as they say, but good batter and sauce Dynamite Shrimp - Dynamite...probably one of the best dishes we had Shrimp and Grits - lots of lemon flavor...have had better Oriental Marinatedd Steak Skewers - good flavor, amazing spicy noodles underneath Chorizo Al Fuego - Liked the potatoes, didn't love the chorizo...and I love chorizo Argentinian Style Orange Chimmichurri Steak - It was probably the second best dish we had BBQ Glazed Pork Ribs - They were good, but came room temperature which was odd Jalapeno Mac and Cheese - I know people love it, but had no jalapeno taste, and was pretty gritty/grainy Pork Belly Reuben - Great concept, but belly to bun ratio was way off.  The Pork Belly itself was great, but got lost in the Reuben Cajun Chicken Rolls - meh, don't waste your time with them Empanadas - they were good, spicy, good sauce Alforno Roasted Pears - The pecan crisps made the dish for us, the pears and bleu cheese were a nice addition to the pecan crisps(yum) Dessert - Chocolate Calzone - I thought it was way too sweet but others liked it - Banana Pizza - It was ok.  Both dishes get really melty so eat it up fast. Red Sangria - It was ok, felt it lacked a bit of flavor. Service was pretty good.  Yashira was great, but near the end the kitchen kept bringing us every dish from the menu except for the desserts we were waiting for, which did get annoying.  Would recommend.  Grab the dynamite shrimp, some chimmichurri steak, and enjoy your night!! Overall a cool place, we had a great time
Very cool atmosphere and good food.  I would def go back.
i ADORE this place!! would jump a plane to come Orlando just to dine here in a heartbeat, besides the outlet of course. The atmosphere here is eclectic and energetic. Décor is hip but not ghetto, even though you easily spot skulls and chains. - Service: in a busy and packed evening, servers aren't very attentive but once you get their attention, you feel like yourself again - Food: AMAZING tapa style dishes. You cant beat the alligator jambalaya AT ALL, melts in your mouth. My fav new dish is Cuban sliders, don't be fooled. It has nothing to do with burgers. Its got combination of capicola, salami, pulled pork served with pickled cucumber and Swiss cheese on perfectly toasted croutons.  Oh lord, I'm wiping my saliva again just by the image of it. yucca fries served on the side are simply divine. I can go back on the daily basis just for this dish. I also got duck confit salad and braised short ribs, both perfectly marinated with very flavorful sauce. If heaven didn't look like this! - Drink: they don't fool around with sangria - Pizza: you will not leave any bite behind
this place was so adorable. thanks to the yelpers who shared their experiences, I tried some of those recommended and they were all GOOD. especially the pear crisp thing, wow, like a disney firework in the mouth! I gotta note that the lamb chops were great, too. meat was tender and the herb sauce on top just made a great combination. and the almond flan was.. man, I can't even describe it. if you like almond, you gatta try this creamy goodness!! seared tuna tho, was a bit of a regret. maybe ordering tuna sashimi at an american restaurant was just a wrong idea. it was not fresh at all..the tuna looked dull and tasted tough. the artwork that displayed inside was interesting. the whole artists concept was interesting, they have dancers, artists and musicians performing there. great dining experience. the service was great, our server was friendly and helpful. I just hope the hostess didnt let her boobs greet the customers before she did.. nothing artistic about that for real..
I haven't been back to Cafe Tu Tu Tango in years. Every thing I recall about it was that it is geared toward the tourists in the area of I-DRIVE.  Sure it is cool to go in and see artists painting and a ton of fairly cool stuff on the walls, but honestly, why would I drive all the way down to I-DRIVE to get Chili's food? I mean it is basically the same stuff only slightly better and for more money? I also remember the music was really loud which causes every one to talk louder. I guess if I had family or friends down in the area visiting Disney I'd go visit them for a beer and a quick bite, but I'm much rather save my money and invite my friends or family over to my house so I could cook them a better meal with cheaper beer. Overall it's OK for the novelty of the art, but the food isn't any thing I crave.
My friend the Demon's fave place, packed, loud and very busy on I drive.  We managed to get a bar table with some cajoling of the waiter and then stuffed our faces with shrimp, ribs and more shrimp.  All tapas portions but generous tapas. A couple of cold beers and a cocktail and we were set.  Lots of art and artists working so you can grab a last minute prezzie for someone. Dinner for two $65.00 and we were full.  Great service though geared more for the tourists than sincerity for regulars.
This was very good. The food was excellent and we ordered about 15 dishes, the drinks were good. The server was excellent and the art was beautiful. We asked for permission to take a photo of a piece of art and they let us, so we bought it :-) GO! EAT! ENJOY!
You have no idea how happy I am to update my previous review. It's been five years since I last reviewed Cafe Tu Tu Tango, and thankfully they've made quite a few changes since then. My favorite menu item has always been the picadillo empanadas, from back when I frequented the now-closed Coconut Grove location in my college days. So I was quite disappointed to see the Orlando location vastly change the recipe, and not for the better. Thankfully, they've reverted back to the original five mini empanadas, which are even spicier than before and served with a delicious cilantro sour cream. On my more recent visits, I've decided to branch out and order other items on the menu as well. Their falafel is different from every other falafel I've ever tried. They are crispy on the outside, yet very soft (with an almost hummus kind of consistency) in the middle. It's served with a sweet pineapple tahini, which I forego in lieu of the cilantro sour cream that comes with the afore-mentioned empanadas. I've also had the goat cheese timbale, which has apples, almonds and dried fruit mixed into a large portion of the cheese, and served with toasted bread. They do not give you NEARLY enough bread for the amount of cheese, and although I liked this dish at first, the taste got old considering just how much of it there was. Both the orange chimmichurri steak skewers and Asian marinated steak skewers are delicious. In particular, the Asian skewers are impressive. They are served with chili udon noodles (which are cold, and that's off-putting at first, but they're so good that you won't care) and a ginger soy aioli. My mom never used to like Tu Tu Tango in Miami because she never ordered the right thing... but she LOVED these skewers. It's actually a good amount of meat, and is filling enough without ordering something else off the menu too. She was so impressed, and it was such a 180 from her previous feelings on the place, that she said (and I quote): "It's DELICIOUS! Nine bucks, are you kidding? You can't beat that with a stick!" As far as drinks go, I haven't had many here, but I brought a friend here and she and I split the sparkling sangria. We both loved it, but it could've used more fruit. We agreed that we're going to split the white sangria next time. And maybe one of these future visits, I'll give the mojitos another try. Thank you for turning yourself around, Tu Tu Tango. I missed you.
I have visited Cafe Tu Tu Tango twice, both times with my girlfriend.  The first time, it was an alright experience, but we didn't really know what to expect other than you are supposed to share appetizers.  The second time, we had a lot of fun. The gist of it, is that you try out different appetizers, one at a time.  Some you will like, some you will love, some you will not want to finish.  That's alright.  However, the purpose of this place doesn't seem to really be the "sample our sundry of goods", that's just the bonus.  What this place is great for is to simply relax, and talk, and joke, and have fun with your couple, friends, whatever. It's a small place (some tables are really dark, but those close to the windows are well-lit), completely decked with paintings of local artists (I imagine they are local) in dozens of styles. It is quirky, there's no other restaurant around here that shares a similar decor.  I spend more time in this restaurant looking around me than in any other place. The menu comprises of many little dishes that individually will not fill you up, but there's enough for two people to get a good taste out of them.  Many of  them are inspired by Latin cuisine.  We especially enjoy the "sopa de leon", a Spanish soup with a little kick courtesy of the chorizo.  That was the only dish we repeated from our first visit because it made such an impact, but there were others we enjoyed, I just can't remember their names.  But that's the adventurous part of it.  You can find your own special dishes. We also loved their house sangrias.  We got the sweetest ones, and the "glasses" in which they are served are excellent.  Well, more like whimsical.  It was a very light-hearted, fun experience to sip the sangrias while trying out the assortment of mini-plates.  It was such a revelation, that I've craved for sangria in the months after. It is also very popular place and in the middle of the International Drive tourist area.  I mean, they even sometimes offer valet to park your car in the limited parking spaces.  So yes, I guess it is a louder place than most.  But, we haven't had to wait either time, and they were both Saturdays at lunch time. So, enjoy this unique and special place, but don't go because you are hungry, treat this more like an upgraded cafe.
My wife and I visited this resaurant while on a Disney vacation on our one night away from the kids and had a really excellent dinner. All of the small plates we ordered were fantastic, the Sangria was great, the service was friendly, and the whole place was unsuual, fun, and interesting. There's lot of interesting local artwork on the walls, and artists actually working in the restaurant as well. Lots of fun unusual touches as well... I loved the TV with Bob ("happy little trees") Ross running on it, and the Belly Dancer also added to the fun. Definately recommend for adults looking to get away from the whole Disney experience but still have a fun an interesting night out.
This place is artistically eclectic!  Immediately I was drawn to the vivid colors of the unfinished artwork propped on an easel behind the hostess stand when I walked in. A hostess greeted us right away. She led my party to the dining area. This is the place for me, being that I am very artistic. The restaurant is surrounded by various types of art: paintings, wall murals, abstract art, and pottery.  The hostess sat us at a the table by the wall mural of a woman's face with dripping  colors of  blues, yellow, green,  orange, and red. At this point, I was in love. Now I needed to try the food to see if I was completely sold. Their menu consists of an assorted mix of cuisines. The food is tapas style bites that is great for sharing which is highly encouraged. I ordered the dynamite shrimp, goat cheese timbale, & guava bbq ribs. Dynamite Shrimp:  This is a must try item. I love the bang bang shrimp from Bone Fish Grill they are similar in flavor. However, the dynamite shrimps from Café Tu Tu Tango are better. I am sorry BFG. Goat Cheese Timbale: This is very tasty! I am a cheese head; I love me some cheese. The goat cheese has dried fruit, apples, and almonds sandwiched between the cheese and a drizzle with balsamic vinaigrette on top. The yummy cheesy mixture is accompanied by a bed of fresh greens and cheese toasted baguettes. Grilled Guava BBQ Ribs: I know my friend is going to kill me for saying this because they are her favorite. I was not that crazy about them. The guava bbq sauce was good; on the other hand, the meat had a hint of vinegar. They were also missing that smoky grill flavor! However, the ribs were accompanied by picked sliced cumbers, peppers and onions which were divine! The food was just as visually pleasing as the art adorned on the walls and throughout the restaurant. I will definitely come back to try other artistically tantalizing dishes on Café Tu Tu Tango's menu.
I think if you are a girl, it's cool to come here... Guys, it's kinda girly and you'll spend too much money. Tu Tu Tango is a tapas style restaurant which also features a venue for starving artists and other performers to bloat themselves.  Not a bad concept, some of the stuff is pretty cool. Most of the tapas aren't bad but don't feature a lot of food.  The most bang for it's buck are the pizzas but last time I was there, the pizza oven was broken which knocked off a decent amount of food. I will say the sangria is delicious and would recommend to everyone.  If your planning a girl's night out, this place is perfect.  For a guy's night out, don't expect to come here and watch the game or anything.  The most you'll do is pick up some tipsy women.
The most unique restaurant in Orlando. There are fancier, more expensive places (Flemings, Morton's, etc.) but no other restaurant has the character of this place. Visually appealing with the artwork on the walls, a very eclectic music selection, and made-from-scratch food. Because the food is made fresh, don't expect quick food service. If you want fun and festive dining, go in the early evening or night when there is more commotion and they raise the volume up. If you want a more sedate experience, then dine in the afternoon when there are few people and just music in the background.
It's very conveniently located near hotels (walking distance from where I stayed) and not too far from Universal Studio. But... International Drive is no doubt a tourist trap. Chain restaurants, chain hotels, no local business, nothing Orlando can offer, nothing exciting. Cafe Tu Tu Tango is no exception. First of all, it is NOT a real tapas restaurant. Everything is "fusion" served in small portion. Every dish we ordered (guava ribs, gator bites, dynamite shrimp, Asian steak) is on the heavy side. There are small dishes set on the side of the table but they just look dirty. When I ask about vegetarian options the waitress simply told me they didn't have any. Okay. Banana pizza was not bad but arrived 30-40 minutes after we ordered. Tu Tu Tango is probably one of the best restaurants on International Drive but still a disappointment. Next time I'd rather drive to somewhere else.
Our party of four enjoyed our meal here. (BTW, you can now reserve a table online, which we did, though at 5:45 on a Sunday there were plenty of available tables. When we left, however, the line was out the door.) Since we were so early, we didn't experience any performances or bands, and there was only one artist working. I thought the artwork mostly ho-hum. Our waiter suggested we each order a plate and keep our menus for more plates later, which worked out well. Each plate was served when ready, so everything was hot. All of our selections were large enough for everyone to have a few bites. The chimichurri steak plate, for example, contained four small skewers, each with 4 bite-size steak pieces. Very Good! Also very good were the Five Cheese Flatbread, Fried Falafel, a couple of goat cheese selections, Black Bean Soup, and a couple of desserts. I thought the Salmon Sandwiches selection was only fair, because the rolls were too large,which made the salmon taste dry. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful and we all enjoyed our meal. Total with tip was $130, about what I expected.
Will be back every chance I get. Loved the taste and presentation of the food. The atmosphere was upbeat and exciting. The food came out almost too fast. Only thing I would like next time is a little more time with the server. She seemed excessively busy and we had a hard time getting the attention and care appropriate for such an excellent restaurant.
I've been coming here for years when I visit Orlando.  It's in the heart of the "tourist" trap area but does not have that feel at all.  It a unique atmosphere from the time you enter the door.  Upon entering you have a feeling you're going to have fun and enjoy the time there. The service has always been good and the wait staff always seems to know a great deal about the food which is helpful as it is a tapas style restaurant so you are going to be trying a variety of items. The service on our last visit was no exception, very friendly and knowledgeable. As for the food they continually freshen up their menu so even thought I have been there a number of times over the years there are always new items for me to try.  One thing that has continually stood out over time is their "sauce" preparation.  No matter what sauce they serve with the item it always seems to be fantastic. One of the places I always consider dining at when in the area.
Flamenco, salsa, and break dancers, great music, awesome drinks and a unique combination of food and spices...what's not to love? Cafe Tu Tu tango embodies all of these things and more. In most cases, I avoid the tourist trap that is International Drive at all costs, but I will venture out there to go to Tangoes. I love everything about this place...save for the huge crowds and long waits that you'll typically find on the weekends and special occasions like graduations. The concept of this restaurant is tapas, which originates from Spain. All of the dishes are appetizer size and portioned. The idea is for each person to order three or more dishes and then share with the whole table. This can be difficult at times because the dishes are not very big. For starters, I recommend going with the baked artichoke and crab meat, spinach dip or the roasted pears and pecan crisps...all are so yummy! Next I would go with the sesame seared ahi tuna and the tango salad, which both taste so fresh and have good flavor. However, my favorite items to order are the dijon chicken skewers, seared salmon skewers, and the Cuban grilled steak skewers. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu though. Among other things, their white peach sangria is spectacular. For dessert the banana pizza is the only thing I'm not too keen on. Everything else is AMAZING! However, like all things there a few negatives. First, this place gets wicked crowded on the weekends, making the waits 90 plus minutes long and impossible to move around inside. Second, the music can get really long making it hard to talk or hear. Lastly, there's so much going on sometimes that it's hard to enjoy your meal. Those things aside...LOVE IT!
This is now my favorite restaurant-  amazing experience.  Creative environment, amazingly creative and tasty food.  Awesome!!!!!
Get a group of friends who arent picky and just start ordering. Most portions are just the right size for a party of four to split. Yes, it's as good as people make it out to be. Sangria. Get it. Make sure it's a bottle to keep with the spirit of the restaurant. Also, try the Banana Pizza. Even when you're stuffed and can't possible find room to eat another thing...just order it.
We loved this place!  I had attempted to go here twice before but always had at least an hour wait.  Finally, just went last minute on an off night and got right in. They recommend choosing 2 appetizers per person, which gets pricey since they are all around $8-$9.  You could probably get away with only getting 3 for 2 people, since they are a good size and we could not finish all 4.  This line I will throw in a few more numbers: 3498572589374. We also had a server, Darcy, who was excellent.  Great with recommendations and very attentive.  Overall, we loved the theme of the restaurant where you get to try a little of everything.  It is a little pricey for such a casual atmosphere, but you will have fun.
Great spot!  We went on a rainy Thursday night in January.  We didn't need a reservation, but we were only a party of two. The walls are decorated with art and there was a live performance going on when we got there. Pretty cool!  Our server was great. Very nice and recommended some awesome dishes. We got an ahi tuna dish, a pork rib dish, and a chicken egg roll dish to share.  That was a perfect amount for two of us. I had a red wine sangria which was good and my boyfriend enjoyed the microbrew options.  The dessert was incredible.  Recommended by the server.  It was a chocolate and vanilla filled calzone with gelato and whipped cream.  Just amazing and very unique.  We were skeptical!  We were in and out pretty quickly as well.
cool place fun selections!
On one of many late nights in Orlando on a recent vacation we decided to stop by (based on Yelp reviews) We ordered a selection of small plates to go and a couple of drinks for the wait. Food: Very good, we took our food to go and headed to Downtown Disney, where following a mammoth Mr Potato Head rummage we ate overlooking the lake. A very nice end to another hectic day in Orlando. Atmosphere: The atmosphere and decor make this place, as you enter there is an artist at work painting in the lobby and the art theme continues throughout. Many interesting pieces throughout the restaurant. The night we went there was also some live music. I would like to visit again one day when we have the time to dine in. Service: Friendly, attentive, no complaints
Visited January 2012 For a place in the land of the Mouse it is a great escape- but put it in San Francisco and I doubt it would fly unless it was on the Wharf. I admit I have mixed feelings about this place, but overall I liked it and it certainly is an alternative to all the chain franchises you see here.It is a " small plates" restaurant. We came here to grab lunch on our way to the Airport. The place is really artsy and the service was very friendly and genuine.  We ordered four tapas: 2 soups black bean and the chicken both quite good- the sea food skewers,and fish tacos - OK-  flavors a bit to adventurous and spinach salad with strawberries a little odd too. I think the chef is trying to be as creative as the artwork and it does not always work. Two amazing desserts--almond flan, and chocolate covered strawberry ,yum! They have food to suit almost any taste from vegetarian to hard core carnivores. Middle eastern ,pizzas, mex - caribe. Decent wines  by the glass and beer as well as full bar featuring Mojitos and Margaritas. Best to come  with  3 or more folks and share a bunch of  selections. Lots of art on the walls from locals, a bit over priced but fine for what it is, you can make art at a table in the center of the place, not sure how that works but the whole place has a artist studio feel, with tons of layers of paint, drawings, odd objects , general funkiness and disorderly enough interior to make anyone feel informal. Prices are $ 5- 10 per dish so $ 20- 25 p.person without alcohol is probably about right. While I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again, I was satisfied enough with the food that I'd definitely come again and try some other dishes if I was around the I-Drive Conv. Center area again. If you're a chain restaurant hater like myself and don't want to drive too far from all the touristy stuff, Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a great option!
Love the setting. Love the local art and design of the place. Good food and good service. Meals are served as appetizer plates so come with a hunger to try a little of everything.
A large group of friends in town on business journeyed to Cafe Tu Tu Tango... After a somewhat unpleasant experience with the restaurant concerning a reservation I made online... I received a phone call from the place indicating that they didn't accept reservations. To which I replied if you don't take reservations, how do you know to call me about my reservation? That sour start, only slightly tainted our experience... We ordered a huge variety of food choice from alligator bites to chicken egg rolls to pizza to hummus to carne asada. I love the concept, I love the food, and my hesitation in not pulling out all five stars is the noise was as if we were at a Seahawks game.  I, literally, could not talk to the person next to me.  It was beyond painful to my ears.
large Group with Kids, Great lively atmosphere, when we got there kids were tired, wanted to get out as the place was loud, as we got to table and got food....everyone in the party was having a good time....live music, good food, plenty of art, casual attire. Try the Lobster mac and Cheese, Gator bites...everything was great
This place is awesome, it's a shared plate concept, and all of the art on the walls is done by local artist and are for sale. You'll even see an artist in there painting which is very cool. We had the spicy alligator bites, the shrimp and grits and a goat cheese spread that was all incredible. Service was great, we will be back
Very fun place in a desert of corporate restaurants on International drive. Even though the restaurant was busy we were seated immediately. Almost all of the food was awesome. Great artwork on the walls. Recommended as a date spot as long as your date doesn't mind a belly dancer performing (and if they do, should you be dating that person anyway?). I would avoid the prosciutto & Mango flatbread since the tomato sauce throws off the flavor. Mixed drinks and sangria are tasty but pretty weak. You won't be catching a buzz off of those.   My only real complaint is the rushed service. Hopefully this was a one time occurrence. Will update when I go back. In short, give this place a try. You should love it.
Food was eclectic and excellent. We sat at the bar while waiting for a table and the bar staff was so friendly and courteous we stuck around at the bar.  Art everywhere creates a great ambience.  I was very impressed all around with the mixed drinks, food, service and entertainment at Cafe Tu Tu Tango.
As soon as we pulled up to the restaurant we were all exclaiming how cute it was on the outside! The inside was an art lovers dream!!! There was art for sale by local artist decorating the walls, live art being made on the spot, great music to jam to while you ate, and just an overall fun environment! On top of this cafe being funky and right up my alley, the food was Ah-Maze-balls!!! The food is tapas style which is always great for sharing.  I had the shrimp and grits which I literally inhaled!  I was so pleased at the amount of shrimp that it came with considering it was a small plate.  The grits were made with cream and manchego cheese, in a savory, lemony broth with garnish of green onion and pancetta....freakin' delicious!!! We went on Sunday afternoon in time for brunch.  My friend  Bernie decided to go for an item off of the special brunch menu, Apple Cinnamon cream cheese stuffed french toast!  It was gone in 60 seconds amazing. My friend Krystle, had a hard time choosing because just about everything looked appetizing.   She finally decided on the Grilled Guava BBQ glaze pork ribs and cucumber sonomono salad.  They were finger-licking good! I can hardly wait to return to Orlando just to go back to Cafe Tu Tu Tangos. There were a lot more menu items we wanted to try. Next time you're in Orlando, you've gotta try this place. You won't be disappointed.
So good! Will be back next year for the shrimp and jalapeño mac and cheese!  The waitress was attentive and really friendly.  Lover sitting on the patio enjoying the breeze.  Great job!
It's ok but Ceviche is a MUCH better place for true tapas. This place is just very commercial in my opinion. But if your from out of town and staying near I Drive, you'd enjoy it there.
Love this place! I love the artsy interior and the fact that local artists have their work hanging on the walls. You can even purchase paintings/artwork if you want. The menu is tapas style so it's great for sharing and you get to taste a lot of what's on the menu. I've been here a few times and there has never been anything I didn't like.
Love the food, service and ambiance. A group of 12 of us went here recently for a birthday party and they were so accommodating -- we were set up outside on the new terrace area and kicked off the evening with sangria and Dynamite Shrimp. As always, everything was delicious, and it's so much fun to share these tasty little morsels. It's one of the few places for which I will actually brave International Drive.
Good mojitos. Dynamite shrimp is just like bang bang shrimp. Service at the bar was excellent. Bartender very helpful and friendly. Decor is interesting and fun.  Some of the art may not be children appropriate...but cool place for adult eats and libations
I went here with my boyfriend for the bottomless bloody mary bar on a Sunday morning.  It definitely did not disappoint!  The bloody mary bar had all of the fixings to make any type of bloody mary you could think of. We were probably there for a total of almost 3 hours, and enjoyed every minute.  The food was also excellent. We tried the hummus, the dynamite shrimp and each got a special. The food was delicious and perfect for sharing. The atmosphere is very artsy chic - local artists paint and display their work for sale. You can walk around the restaurant and look at the paintings also. Service was also top notch. Donovan, our server, was attentive and informative about their menu. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed Cafe tu tu tango and will definitely be back again. Also , the food is very reasonably priced which is also a plus!
Pretty unique menu.  Plates are on the small side, which is good if you have difficulties making decisions like I do.  This allowed my boyfriend and I to try about4-5 different things. Alligator Bites were too dry, but the Grilled Guava Bbq Glazed Pork Ribs were delicious. Loved the art and local artists working in the space.  Very busy tourist attraction. Wouldn't go out of the way to go again.
I grew up in Orlando, so I am the furthest thing from a tourist and this is my FAVORITE restaurant in all of Orange County. We've been coming here since it opened. The old place has seen us through dating, engagement, marriage, one kid, two kids, college, adulthood, you name it. The food is awesome, the atmosphere is energizing and inspiring, and the staff is always great (and being from Orlando and having worked the theme parks, we can see through the act a lot of people here put on for the tourists, so it's a great compliment!). I recommend to EVERYONE--friends, clients, people behind me in line at theme parks....
Have been here a few times, just haven't gotten around to a review. I-Drive is normally an area to avoid for Orlando residents.  Some restaurants are worth braving the traffic, Tu-Tu Tango is one of them. I highly recommend going for lunch when it's less crowded.  Same quality, less craziness.   The menu consists of a wide variety of tapas style plates.  There's no real coherent theme as far as cuisine goes.  One thing we noted was they seem to re-use a basic tomato sauce in several of their dishes. The food is all above average for the area.  Dishes are pricey for their size, but it's to be expected given the quality and the area.
My husband and I love this place!! We've been here numerous times and every time it's delicious!! Our favorite regular menu items are the Asian Steak Skewers and the Beef Empanadas. We always order those and then mix it up and order a few new things. Last night my husband ordered the Chorizo and Potatoes and it did not disappoint. He said it was amazing! I got the Cuban Sliders with fried yuca and it was money! Bottom line, Cafe Tu Tu Tango is the best place to go if you want really delicious quality food for a good price!
We tried this place since it was one of the few not-chain restaurants on the main drag on International in Orlando. It is fun with lots of artwork all over the walls for you to look at or impulse buy. There was good music and as we were leaving there were belly dancers warming up. The food was different, which was nice. It is all appetizer sized and we wound up ordering too much. The gator bites and calamari were both a little heavy and greasy but if you have never tried gator there is a novelty factor that makes it worth trying. My absolute favorite (and it really was large enough to have been a meal) was a Duck Confit Salad. The Duck was of course delicious and it was served with goat cheese and mixed baby greens and it was all on top of a nice piece of flat bread with caramelized onions. The bread was a really nice touch. Would go back just for the salad.
Tried their Korean Marinated Confit of Chicken with Grilled Buttermilk Cornbread and Sambar Butter at Taste of the Nation. Hello delicious, making a reservation here asap. But seriously, I'm dying to try in-restaurant!
Well color me impressed.  I had high hopes for Tu Tu Tango, which I visited with one of my best gal pals in the summer of 2005.  It was recommended to her, we're both foodies who love good art and interesting dining atmospheres, so off we went! The tapas selection is really neat on the verge of overwhelming, but everything we chose was tasty and when we weren't eating, we were looking at and commenting on the art on the walls.  Art that is made by local artists, and most of which is for sale, by the way. I'd love to go back and see if it's as good as I remember.
We had been advised to go here by a couple of people, and it certainly did not disappoint! The decor was very fun with lots of art on the walls featuring local artists. Very "floridian" in nature with Spanish influences. They also had an artist on hand, a tarot card reader and two dancers (belly and flamenco) to keep everyone entertained. My husband and I sat at the bar and were very happy in doing so as our service was excellent! Katie and Mandy took great care of us, even calling us and all of their patrons by name when refilling our drinks. As for the food, it was good but not the best that we've ever had. Being that we got there around 9 pm, the tapas were the perfect amount for our appetites. All in all, the ambiance and service make Cafe Tu Tu Tango a fun night stop for people of all ages. We would definitely return when we're back in Orlando!
Perfect spot to grab a bite before a movie at Pointe Orlando! Check out the happy hour!
First time I tried a tapas place. Great experience! First off, the atmosphere is pretty funky. Art work from around the room and lots of fun trinkets here and there. Just to warn you, the place is really loud so if you want to eat in peace, go somewhere else. I couldn't even hear my fiance from across the table. The best dishes for me were the calamari, carne asada, and dynamite shrimp. The calamari was perfectly fried and had no excess oil on it. Just the way I like it. The carne asada only had two pieces, but very tender and juicy. The dynamite shrimp lived up to its name. A burst of sour and sweet in your mouth with fried sesame seeds on top. Yum! The two dishes that were not very awesome was the curry chicken skewers and theh roasted pears on pecan crisps. The curry chicken was super bland. I usually don't order chicken because it's hard to make it spectacular and this was the case. The sauce didn't help very much either. I'm a little torn about the pears. It was a little strange. The pears were super soft and on a crispy pecan crisp which balanced the textures out well, but I didn't think it should have been an appetizer. It may have been better for a dessert. The sweetness of the pears outweighed any other flavors of the crisp or the cheese. The pear was too soft for my taste, but I can see why people like it. This place has fabulous waiting service, but the host/hostess could have been a little quicker. Overall, fabulous place and reasonable prices. You will get full off of two or three dishes easily.
The things that were excellent? Service, food, unique beer list, tarot card reader (Monday night only), atmosphere, value and menu originality. The music was a bit loud which made it hard to talk to people on the other side of our large table. We tried the salmon sliders, empanadas, edamame, spinach dip, steak skewers, roasted pear with gorgonzola, meatball pizza, ribs and alligator bites. Top 5 In descending order of goodness - steak skewers (wicked good), salmon sliders (who'd a thunk it), ribs, roasted pear, pizza. The steak was tender and flavorful. Definitely cooked low and slow. Ditto for the ribs. The sliders had this sweet and salty thing going on between the bun and the seasoning for the salmon that was wonderful. The kids each got a banana bread pudding with caramel gelato. The pudding was tasty but a bit overdone. The gelato was knock your socks off good. 6 people with drinks and tip was $150. Very fun sampling everything and comparing notes at the table. Definitely a do-over!
wow, kind of shocked at the sodium bombs for each of the plates we ordered. Maybe just an off day - the cheesecake lollipops are so good though!  I think I would like to see some fresher items on the menu that would let the natural flavors do the talking.
Delicious and fun, but very noisy! I wish I could remember everything I ate, but I tried so many dishes. My favorites included the strawberry salad, cuban steak skewers and the empanadas. I also got to try my very first gator with the gator bites, and you know what? It really does taste just like chicken! The mojito was a bit too sweet for my tastes, but there are some interesting drink specials. If only I had room for dessert! The artists that night included a painter, belly dancer, the egg man and a tarot card reader. Definitely a fun and rambunctious atmosphere!
10 yr wedding Anniversary Spot
Art meets Tapas meets entertainment! The food is delicious and comes in anal plate style, brought out at random. Their homemade sangria is to die for (white and red). You never know if you'll see belly dancers, rock painters, or hula hoop action!
Thanks "Hot on Yelp" for reminding me of this place!  I haven't been in ages.  Thought it was a great time to revisit an old friend.  And literally saw an old friend while I was there.  She happened to be on a date while I was there with a friend.   Met at the bar and decided to stay there instead of getting a table.  All of the bartenders were very nice and helpful.  I had a nice glass of wine and got the goat cheese and roma tomato flat bread.  Normally, I go with a large group and order lots of items to try.  But being only two of us, I was a piggy and ate the entire flat bread myself. I'll be going back on a regular basis again!
Our party went to Cafe Tu Tu Tango last night for a dual-birthday dinner.  I had been there about 6 times over the years and, for my friends, it was the first time. All I can say is this was the absolutely best experience I've had there....ever.   From the moment of calling to ask for plan-ahead seating, to the assistant manager, Mike, finding a chair at the bar, to the amazing server, Sam, who was cheerful, attentive and accommodating.  Mike and Sam kept checking on us throughout the evening to make sure we were well taken care of. We don't normally get that kind of attention even in many of the high-end places we've dined over the years.  We felt totally pampered. How refreshing. And then the food.  We ordered 8 dishes throughout the meal ( 6 tapas and 2 deserts) and every one was really well executed and delicious.  Maybe not perfect but great quality considering the place was packed with people.  My friend, who is a calamari aficionado, raved about that dish.  Believe me, if she's raving, that's a serious compliment.   I totally agreed.   A couple of things to be aware of....but, for me, not worth taking stars off. When the dancer comes out, the music suddenly gets loud.  I'm not sure if it needs to be that way and it certainly interrrupts/puts a damper on any conversation.  Fortunately, she only performed a couple of dances at a time so it wasn't a major problem.   There's mandatory complimentary valet on weekends.  That's a very nice touch.  Unfortunately, we didn't have cash on us to tip the valet.  However, the valet explained that complimentary is just that....it's free.  No expectations of a tip at all.  The parking there is a real problem on the weekends so they probably do this just to make traffic flow better.  If you go on a weekend, bring some cash. They deserve the tip, for sure. For me, Cafe Tu Tu Tango is kind of a 'special occasion' eatery.  Yeah, it can be a bit pricey but, in the end, it's about the experience; the unique concept, the tapas menu, the decor, the entertainment (dancer, artists and their work), the celebratory atmosphere.  My friends said they would come back in a heartbeat.  So would I.
Cool environment, decent food. We ordered: - Hand tossed grilled meatball pizza (tasty) - Dynamite shrimp (flavorful, my family loved it) - Alligator jambalaya (was not overly impressed by it. Okay as a jambalaya, was hoping for more alligator taste but the jambalaya overpowered everything. Also a fairly small dish.) - Grilled guava BBQ glazed pork ribs (slightly sweet, well cooked. You get like 8 ribs too so I was pleased with the portion size.) - Argentinean style orange chimmichurri steak (beef was tender. I thought the grits stole the show, we kept scooping it up.) - Cuban sliders (great yucca fries, sandwiches were fairly standard but this is coming from someone who lives in Miami.) - Pork belly reuben (pork belly tasted great, though the dish as a whole was salty. We found most of the dishes here to be a little saltier than we would've liked.) Overall, this is a good hip place to go with friends on a weekend night.
I Love the atmosphere and art all over this place. Ana and I went after work, so it was still quiet and not a real evening crowd yet. I think on the weekend with the live music it would be really fun. The food is really good, made with amazing spices and ingredients.  My only issue is the portions really are tiny.  I've been to tapas places where sharing is the norm, but how do i share 3 tiny-2 bite lamb "t-bones"?  Ain't happening.  Really liked the flavor but wasn't worth the price for this dish.  The brandy flamed cheese with bread is really good. Worth it.  The Empanadas are also a good portion and delicious.  I would give this place 3 stars if it weren't for the eclectic style and multiple artists painting while we eat. Te quiero Michael Jackson glitter glove painting...te quiero.
Excellent choice for out-of-towners looking for a non-chain restaurant in Orlando. Fun, energetic atmosphere, although a bit loud. Incredible tapas... Nothing was bad. Interesting blends of flavors and delicious dishes. Must try goat cheese timbale and seafood skewers! Will recommend to everyone and will definitely come back!
Attended for a work party! Staff was very friendly and attentive considering the large group. Fun atmosphere and the food was amazing! Try the meatballs!!
The Yelp guideline for 4 stars describes this review perfectly. Yay! I'm a fan. The service was great - we had only about 40 minutes before we had to run off to a show, and they not only accommodated us, but made us completely comfortable. The classic mojito was perfect. The beef skewers were pretty tasty - a little on the salty side, but with really good seasoning. The pork cuba libre was great. I enjoyed the atmosphere - there was a fortune teller in the restaurant, as well as a clay artist. Art preference is subjective, but nonetheless nice to have around.
YUMMY!  I loved our roasted pears on pecan crisps with balsamic reduction and blue cheese crumbles.  We also enjoyed the Pork Cuba Libre & the glazed pork ribs.  The artsy atmosphere, which included art on the walls and three artists working on paintings was so cool.  I wasn't expecting to see a belly dancer tonight, so that was a welcome surprise.  Our waiter was great and you could see how pleased and proud he was when I complimented him on the food.  My husband, who doesn't dig food as much as I do, pronounced it "excellent".  He's absolutely right.  Do yourself a favor and visit this fun tapas bar.
My boyfriend and I love this place!!  Every small plate and entree we have ever had had been delicious!  We love looking at the art and watching the artists at work.  Very trendy and all around cool place!
This is by far one of the best restaurants in Orlando. I have absolutely loved every single dish I've ever tried here. There is such an eclectic menu with absolutely crazy pairings that taste delish. I've come here for many birthdays, my college graduation, and to celebrate my engagement. I can't get enough of the Bang-Bang Shrimp (now "Dynamite Shrimp") and the red sangria. This is one of the few places that does sangria right! Love, love, love everything about this place!
It was my first time and I am definitely a fan. I chose this restaurant for my birthday lunch because I wanted something different and it was awesome. It is very ecclectic and artistic. I loved the vibe. The food And dessert we ordered was delicious and I loved how it was appetizer size so you can taste test a few things without being stuffed. I will definitely visit again to try more of the goodies. Only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because our waitress although very nice had disappeared a lot and was slow with certain things. I know we had a larger party but the restaurant was not crowded at all. Overall it was a good experience and I reccomend it.
Literally one of the best restaurants I have ever visited. Menu was delectable. Ambiance was fun and exciting. Live entertainment wasn't cheesy but actually felt natural due to the art studio feel of the place. Even the service was quick thanks to the numerous kitchens they have. But who is in a rush? Enjoy the award winning sangria and nosh on all the delicious tapas. Completely in love and well worth the visit. Food: 6/5 Service: 5/5 Location: 6/5 - yup I can do that! It's my review
Ok, to begin the food is Spanish tapas style where you would need to order a couple of them for your table. Originally I was only going to give this 4 stars until I starting thinking that the atmosphere alone is worth adding the extra star. This place is excellent for celebrating birthdays, reunions, or a night out with friends. It does get loud with all the music and performers that go around the restaurant, but that is probably the reason you are there in the first place. I would recommend for anyone who is looking for that different style of fun and energetic atmosphere that you can spend hours at and not even feel it!
Fantastic tapas bar on Intl. Dr. The salsa dancers really added flair. Try the dynamite shrimp. You'll be happier in life.
Super fun, trendy and hip.  spanish artist vibe.  They even have dancers during dinner.  Local artists are featured and have artwork available for purchase. You might even meet one of them there.  Great food selection: Tapas/appetizer portions for sampling and sharing.
Because of "Yelp", my gf and I had to try Cafe Tu Tu Tango while we're vacationing in Orlando.  It had a lot of great reviews and small plates style is totally awesome since I love tasting different dishes. Even though I have few negative things to say, It was an unique place and a great place to dine while in Orlando! First thing you realize when you walk in will be the local artist painting and showing off their hand crafted jewelry.  As an Art College graduate, I totally love this place for all their local artwork on their walls and you can also buy them!  They have few artwork that I thought about buying.  They also had some spanish male singing dancers.  It was entertaining. When it comes to food, I just want to say that this isn't a great place for big groups.  It's because all the food comes in small portions and it's basically appetizers.  There are no full meals here.  So if you want to try the Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls, you will have to order 2 plates.  That's $20 just to taste one egg roll per person and you will have 2 left over then you have 6 people fighting to eat the last 2 egg rolls.  Not a good situation!  My party was a group of 4 and it worked out well because most of the plates we ordered came in 4 pieces.  Even then you just feel like you're just sampling.  I think it' a great place for a date though.  These plates are really made for 2 people to try.  That's unless you want to order a plate just for yourself and not share. We had many plates of different appetizers: Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls (Really Good!) Cuban Grilled Steak Skewers (Taste like peppered jerky.. eh) Grilled Cajun Chicken Flatbread (Dry and not that good) Chicken Flautas (Very good) Saganaki - Flaming Cheese (You cant make bad flaming cheese) BBQ Glazed Ribs (Awesome flavor but little fatty) many of the dishes we got were decent but nothing spectacular.  I didn't get to try any seafood dishes because I was with people that don't eat seafood but they looked good.   Overall, The food was slightly above average and like I said, it's not a great place for big groups unless you don't mind spending lot of money.  This is my biggest gripe of this place is the price.  Most dishes (appetizers) are around $8 to $12.  Well it wasn't enough food to be that much money.  $10 egg rolls were actually 2 egg rolls cut in half to make it 4.  I never paid more then $2 for a full size egg roll! So it does sound like it's not the place place to go, but I am still giving it 3 stars for the ambience and the fact that it would be a great place to eat for 2 people.  If they gave you more food for the money then it would easily be 4 stars.  I will come back to this place again and try some other dishes and maybe it will make a difference.
This place is excellent.  Great food, service, atmosphere, music, etc.  I had the tango hummus which had a nice kick to it and the alligator bites with jalapeño dip...so good!  I also had a glass of red wine sangria, that really hit the spot on a hot, humid evening in Orlando.  Service was top notch, with a fabulous waitress but also very helpful and friendly  waitstaff.  I went early as I heard it becomes very busy which was right- as I was leaving there was already a wait.  The decor is artwork created by local artists- they even had an artist in the middle of the restaurant painting live.  Highly recommend this restaurant - excellent.
The atmosphere here is great. All of the art on the walls was for sale and done by local artists. There were actually 2 of them on site working in pieces to display. It has a ice bar area with a large outside seating area, good as long as it isn't storming. The service was good and they bring the food out as it is prepared. We ordered 6 items from the menu and they came out at different times. We also ordered them in pairs to space them out. The food was really good. I recommend the roasted pears and the empanadas which were by far my favorites. Closely behind was the goat cheese and the Cuban sliders. Also, if you like beers, I strongly recommend their beer flight. Too bad then aren't in CA or I would go back, but my time in Orlando is short so I'm trying different places.
Great atmospher.love the fact that artists actually come and paint.great to bring a group of friends and sample from each othets plate.
Ughhh this place is YUMMY!  Check it out if youre in the Orlando area.  We came here one evening after going to the outlets.  We weren't starving so this place was perfect because its tapas style eating.  You can pick lots of little dishes to get a taste of the menu.  Plus mini desserts! Can't go wrong.  Can also walk around the restaurant and view the art, purchase if you're really interested.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to, and now every time I make my way down to Orlando, it's one of my stops.  The goat cheese timbale is amazing, as is the black bean soup and the egg rolls.  Honestly, though, the best thing about the place is the atmosphere - live artists, belly dancing, friendly waitstaff.  The art all over the walls is for sale and there's honestly a lot of art available for not a lot of money. Go.  You won't regret it.  Amazing art, amazing food - omg, get the cheesecake lollipops at the end of the meal, even if you're stuffed.
Some of my colleagues and I went here one night after a conference. This place is certainly unique. It's a tapas restaurant that is supposed to  be decorated as an artist's studio. The food, however, is more Asian-fusion than Spanish; the music, more eclectic than Latin; the entertainment, more Morocco than Madrid. So, the good tapas were the bang-bang shrimp (spicy, creamy shrimp with sesame seeds), the tuna sashimi, and apparently the pizzas (though I didn't try the latter). Again, most of the dishes had an Asian flare. The sangria was good, but not very sugary. I wasn't overly impressed with the dessert. The creme brulee was too cold and not very refined tasting. I did taste one of the oatmeal cookies that came with the cookies and cream dessert. It was pretty good. The waiter was very good. I also enjoyed the belly dancers (who came out twice during the 2 hours that we were there). The art on the walls was interesting, if not good. Our only complaint was that it was cold. That day, the temperature had dropped to an ungodly 48 or 50 degrees. I guess Florida restaurants aren't very prepared for such cold weather. Oh, did I mention that the price was good? $30 apiece (9 people, about 2.5 tapa dishes per person, 3 desserts and 3 pitchers of sangria). I thought that this was a bargain.
Not sure what I expected on I-drive.  Touristy.  Loud. Cold.  Service was not great.  I think he actually forgot about us.  The server asked me to move my chair at that point I asked to be moved to another section.  It had been at least 30 minutes in between dishes.  As soon as we moved everything came out.  Food was hit and miss.  I would go again just for the pears sit maybe sit in the bar and have a drink
Delicious place to have a small (or large) group of friends have some awesome tapas. Waitress (with the rockin' red hair) was awesome! Would highly recommend eating here if you're in the area.  :-)
Love the concept!!!!! All the art through out the restaurant is made by artist some, if not most, are created on site and they are all for sale! the music was great, a little bit of everything. Service was great and the food was so freaken good of course! I had the jalapeno mac and cheese which had a different delicious taste in every spoonful. I also had the silky and creamy Tango humus and the yummy felafels... everything was delicious, i enjoyed my surroundings, the service, the music and the food!
This is a tapa place; however, I felt like the portion size was smaller than what I'm use to. The Jambalaya is for 1 person. I think you can share it with one other person if you order other food. Overall we had the alligator bite, which is pretty good. I thought this place was ok. The shrimp was good. I would consider returning back to this place.
Funky and fun, and the food is good too. We stopped by for a weeknight dinner, not knowing whether it would be just another tourist-filled locale. We were pleasantly surprised. The funky atmosphere featured a tarot reader in one corner and "spontaneous entertainment" which meant a dancer during our visit who performed something resembling a belly dance. All art is for sale. We sampled through the fish special, the salmon mini burgers, pork empanadas and the date/chestnut flatbread. The all were good but the salmon sliders was the hands down winner at the table. I'm usually not very keen on salmon but the mango chipotle sauce made the dish delicious. The wine list was small but varied. I tried the res sangria which was a little less tasty than some but also seemed to be lower in sugar than many.
You can always have fun at Cafe Tu Tu Tango. Situated right on International Drive, they draw all of the right crowds. The tapas-style food is delicious and great to share with friends. I used to come here for many birthday parties. Everyone can have a bite of each others dish and basically try whatever they want on the menu! Some nights they have belly dancers that come around to your table, or art displayed in the center of the restaurant. You never know what type of entertainment you will find, but everyone is really friendly and its a great atmosphere!
This place gets 5 stars for the menu. They have delicious and out-of-this-world creations. Some of these dishes you may never heard of or heard of that type of combination, but don't be afraid. Delicious is an understatement! But beware of the price. If you are a big eater or with a big party, it can get pricey dish after dish.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango is one of my favorite restaurants in Orlando because its theme is so unique. It's slogan is "food for the starving artist," and the whole restaurant is like a gallery. All the paintings on the wall are for sale so you are encourages to walk about the restaurant to look at all the paintings and sculptures. They generally have some sort of artist or artisan painting inside the restaurant as well. If you go at the right time in the evenings, you will also catch some live musicians/dancers performing around the restaurant. Therefore, if you're looking for a quiet place to dine for the evening you might want to go else where. The tables and chairs are all unique as well. My favorite table is the large one in the back. Two large logs at each side with different chair backs. It gives it a very unique look. The tables are set up with lots of dishes and silverware in large pots (resembling paintbrushes). This is because they encourage you to share all the dishes with everyone in the party. All the food comes out as each kitchen station prepares it, so not all the food you order will arrive at the table as soon as you order it. You can't go wrong with any dish here. Some of my favorites are the Goat Cheese Timbale, Roma Tomato and Goat Cheese Flatbread, Oriental Marinated Steak Skewers, Cuban Sliders, Picadillo Empanadas, and most importantly the Chocolate Dipped Cheesecake Lollipops. I think I may have mentioned the entire menu but that goes to show how good all their food is. You have the opportunity to try many different plates. The service at this restaurant has always been exceptional as well. There is complimentary valet parking available at the entrance for you. The servers always ask if it is your first or return visit. They do a great job of explaining the kitchen structure and the concept of the restaurant. I highly recommend visiting this restaurant whether you live in Orlando or are just visiting.
Great place to go with a group of friends. Its a cozy artistic place. Love how its decorated with artwork from local artists. The ambiance in general is nice. Its a fun atmosphere. The tapas are all delicious. My favorite is the flame grilled baby lamb chops. The way it is season is so yummy! It is so tender and juicy. Also had the sesame seared tuna which was good. The tango hummus was good as well as grilled guava bbq glazed ribs. I didn't have any complaints with any of the dishes. Ended the night with the banana pizza, and omg was it yummy! It was sweet and topped off with whip cream and the crust was soft and fluffy. You just gotta try it. Definitely have to come back and eat some more.
Amazing food! Great tapas! Everything on the menu is absolutely delish!
Good tapas style restaurant in the tourist district. One has the impression that there are fewer actual ingredients involved than the extensive menu would suggest, with the same things appearing in several differently named dishes. Good for groups and sharing, and a fairly quiet place to have a leisurely lunch, very like its evening atmosphere. Friendly service, and interesting artwork for sale on the walls.
This restaurant is definitely a product of Orlando's hyper-tourism. Artists paint while you eat, and you can buy any of the hundreds of paintings on the wall. But I felt like it was a unique experience, and the food and service were excellent. Throw in a belly dancer, and it was a meal not to be forgotten. We especially liked: Chcken Flautas - savory chicken wrapped in a tortilla and covered in spicy jelly. We ended up using the spicy jelly on lots of stuff. Gator Bites - It's my first time having gator. Everyone says it tastes like chicken. I can see that, but thought it had a nice savory quality of its own. Carne Asada - skewered beef never tasted so good.
Fun!  One of our favorite places to go as a family...we all love the folk art, walking around and seeing the artists "in residence" and the food is GREAT!  We have met many artists here and have bought small pieces-this last time there was a sculptor that made a manatee and a shark with my kids-they loved it...and it takes a lot to get the 14 year old excited!!  We lucked into a free order of the short ribs and they were our favorite thing by far.....
Just got home from Cafe tu tu tango, I'm going to sum up my experience with one word "AMAZING". From the waitress to the food to the service, our food came out in a timely manner the waitress was very friendly and was very knowledgeable with the menu. My margarita was great too!! I Really recommend this place, try it out you will not regret it.
So much to like here. Start with fast and friendly bar service and one of the best jalapeño margaritas I've had, to a cool vibe, to some very tasty tapas. Our favorites were the tuna as it was fresh and a bit spicy, the BBQ chicken, the chorizo and potato, and the Jalapeño Mac and cheese.
What I love about this place is the variety. There are tapas of several different cooking styles they had chorizo, falafel and all types of things that would appeal to everyone or just one person who loves variety.  It is really eclectic featuring different local artists, even some of them painting right there in the restaurant. We had a fantastic server who was great with making food suggestions.  All-in-all it was a fantastic first experience and I can't wait to go back.  I would say the food is a tiny, tiny bit pricey, but not to where it would keep me from going back.
Was there with a few friends and got to try a number of small plates. Some of the items that we tried included grilled guava ribs , spicy alligator bites, Argentinian steak, hummus, duck confit salad and cheese cake lollipops. Guava ribs and duck confit were the table favs. Plus we got tarot card reading. This is a 4/12 star place for any major city - however for everything being so fake in Orlando - this place deserves nothing less than 5 stars!!!!!
Yum! Great for sharing. Unique foods to try from alligator to lemon manchego grits. Definitely going back next time i'm in orlando. Plus, live dancers randomly make their way through, cool art to look at, live artists, etc. Such a rad vibe! Liked the jalapeno margarita too.
The White Sangria is the best.  The food is delicious.  I only wish I didn't live to so far away.
Finally got the chance to try this place out! I personally love the idea of eating small dishes and trying lots of different foods so this place is perfect for me. I unfortunately did not come as hungry as I should of so I didn't get to try a lot. Our server was great! She was so patient with us considering we were a bit slow on ordering. We came here on a Saturday night around 10pm. I'm not sure if it was an odd night for them but it wasn't packed at all. Even though it wasn't packed, you can tell that it was still busy. I love the decor and the atmosphere. Very chill and you can tell everyone there is there to have fun and of course, eat delicious food! My favorite would definitely have to be Argentinean Style Orange Chimmichurri Steak skewers. Cooked to however you like; I prefer medium. It was seasoned just right and the meat was very tender. The skewers sat on a bed of seasoned grits. I do not know how to describe the flavor but it was yummy! Not too salty and the grits complimented the steak nicely. The dynamite shrimp was also one of the most popular dishes there. If you've ever tried some form of bang bang shrimp, this is basically the same thing. I enjoyed it a lot, especially because it was slightly spicy. It was also my first time ever trying Passion Fruit sangria - SO good. I want to go back and try the white peach and mango. We didn't get a chance to try the desserts but based on all these reviews, I wish I had! Definitely going back and trying out the dessert and more dishes!
This was a total score!  If you visit Orlando, you MUST come here! Not only is it a total break from the over commercialized theme parks, but this trendy hot spot has amazing food and a super-fun atmosphere! Local artists are on display and will let the kids create their own masterpieces to take home.  Have your cards read or belly dance ... there is a ton to do as you sample the many tapas plates.  Not sure what to order?  Let your waitstaff do it for you!!   And make sure you order the sangria!
Excellent ambience and menu.  Everything we had was fantastic.  Great find in the heart of Touristland.
Overrated and overpriced. Not authentic. The reviews fooled us. It's got over 600 ratings because they been around for quite some time now. The Asian skewers was probably the best on the menu.
This place used to be one of my favorite places to go in Cocowalk in Miami many years ago until it closed down, so I decided to take my family for night out to the since we were in the Orlando area. This place is an Americanized version of a Spanish tapas establishment. There is a set menu with specials created by the chefs weekly. Service: Our server Curtis was awesome. The guy was on the money with refills, getting rid of the excess plates on our table, and getting additional items ordered and served up in short time. The hostess(es) were not quite so pleasant. We had made a reservation that they could not find. Considering that there were tons of open tables, I don't understand why they had to hold us up for 10 minutes as they tried to find where we were listed and who took the booking. Food: The food was fresh and tasty.  Southwestern Egg Rolls: The outside was crispy and the inside was hot and very tasty. The horseradish dip was a nice touch.  The Skewered Steak: Cooked medium and had excellent texture and flavor.  Cuba Libre Pork: Best dish we had. Cooked with coke and rum and extremely tender.  Sun-dried Tomato Artichoke Dip: Dish we liked the least. I like both artichoke and sun-dried tomatoes, but their combination really did not work all that well and the plate comes with a lot of dip and very few pita chips. (Ask for more chips and they will be more than happy to bring more.)  Langostino Mac 'N Cheese: Very good and the langostino was very tender and perfectly cooked. Atmosphere: Lots of local artists paintings and sculptures, Can get pretty loud especially when the belly dancers are out and about. Lots of fun for everyone.
What an art gallery! Eating here is not only  a feast to your tongue, but also to your arty spirits. I couldn't help admiring paintings all over the walls, watching artists drawing on live, and observing every detail on the serving plates: mine was a palette! BTW, love the roast rib~
Ahhh this place is so cute! Luckily, we randomly came here on a late Tuesday night and drinks were $3! Score! I love tapas and sharing. We ordered: - Dynamite shrimp: delicious, tangy. Comes with a good amount of shrimp, too! - Alligator Jambalaya: This jambalaya tasted more tomato-y than the ones I had... an ok dish. and alligator tastes like chicken to me. - Grilled Guava Bbq Glazed Pork Ribs: Mmm... my favorite!! I believed I dipped other food into the sauce because it was so good! - Pepperoni pizza: Would skip. Nothing exciting. - banana pizza: A must! Unique, and yummy. I believe we also ordered a seafood dish which was stellar, and a green tea soba noodle dish which was just okay... I'm having difficulties finding it on the menu. Regardless, get the guava bbq ribs and the banana pizza for dessert! Also, feel free to walk around afterwards and look at the art pieces!
We ate here during our stay in Orlando after getting a rave review from our server at a different restaurant (it was his top choice for the area).  We didn't have a reservation, and arrived on Saturday night at 7 to find an hour and 15 min wait.  No big surprise, so we stuck it out and ended up waiting for about 20 minutes before our pager buzzed to life.   This restaurant has a very strong latin vibe, with loud music and Spanish Dancers.  The food is served Tapas style, and shared around the table.  We had about 7 different entrees, with our favorite being the black bean soup and mango glazed baby back ribs. The service was a bit rushed here, but in their defense, they were extremely busy.  Overall I'd say that it was fine, nothing really to write home about though.
Definitely not the traditional tapas bar that I am used to they have a large number of many different cultured "small plates" , being that I live in south Florida i am more accustomed to and love the more Spanish influenced fare. The food here is very good and it is nice to get curry chicken and spinach dip and bacon wrapped scallops just to mix things up. They also have some of the best Sangria I have had in a non-Spanish establishment. I do have to agree with alot of other reviewers here in that the wait sucks because of the tourists, but there is enough going on here with any number of performers trying to get your attention and donations, as well as some unique art on the walls that is also onsale. I have been here quite a few times and will continue to visit as long as the wait time does not get too crazy.
First night in Orlando and it started off with a delicious meal! Dave was our server and he made us feel comfortable quickly. It was amazing how on top it he was even though it was absolutely busy. We sat outside where it was self seating. What we got: Alligator bites - tastes like popcorn chicken. The sauce was too much for me. Get this if you are want to try alligator! The breading on the outside was pretty thick in my opinion. If you truly want to taste the flavor of the alligator I suggest you to try something else because the alligator was masked by the breading and sauce. Empanadas- the outside had a nice chew to it while the filling was on point. It was well seasoned and I have nothing bad to say about it. Argentinian orange chimnichurri steak- my favorite out of all the ones I got. Well seasoned teak and the presentation was beautiful. There was enough variety on the plate to feel like it was a full meal! Passion fruit sangria- delicious! It was just like juice. Wait, was it juice? Because I had a whole bottle to myself and was still sober o_o Overall this place was great. The environment was fun and they even had a fire dancing performance! The prices are higher than usual but hey we are in Orlando!  The food is still above average (but not by a lot). I would recommend going!
AMAZING!! It is a Tapas Bar- spanish style food served in appetizer portions usually w/ drinks from the bar. The food was fantastic!! Everyone in our group ordered something different & since there was so much we all shared and got to try almost everything on the menu!! The only down side to this place is the price of drinks. Don't get me wrong, the drinks are just as delicious as the food, however the price for drinks is a little outrageous. I'd suggest definitely going there for the food, but go somewhere else for your drinks.
This is a festive tapas restaurant located on the ever popular I-drive. I always like to start out with one of their many flavored mojitos or sangrias. Very tasty! They have brightly colored artwork covering the walls and even an on site artist most of the time. Tu Tu also has music playing in true Spanish style with just a happy atmosphere all around. I was with a large group, we were treated great and though there was a considerable wait enjoying the atmosphere at the bar wasn't a problem. The tapas are tasty, calamari was really good and they have much else to choose from. Its a fun concept in a really light hearted space.
I can safely say this is my favorite restaurant in Orlando. Any time we have out-of-town guests, I try to get them there. Don't be discouraged if the parking lot looks full; there is plenty of parking at the hotel behind the restaurant. If you try nothing else, get the Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls and the Sloppy Joe Sliders. They have great flavor. If you like pizza I recommend the 5 cheese pizza. If you like your food on the mild side, get the shrimp and grits. This was our first time there on Friday night. Even though it was busy, there was no wait for our party of 3. The wait staff is very knowledgeable about the menu, and they take care to make sure you're satisfied. Another great surprise is that they have "spontaneous entertainment (I think that's what they called it)." Out of nowhere entertainers will pop up and perform. The servers won't tell you who it will be, so you just have to wait and see. There were dancers from Drip and two flamenco dancers who pulled us into a conga line. There's something for everyone. Just don't be afraid to share.
We've been here many times, as well as eating at the former site at Universal Citywalk in Hollywood, and at the Block in Orange, CA.  The food is very good, the ambiance strange and exciting.   However, today's meal wasn't quite as good as the ones that we've had here in the past, and the menu wasn't quite as varied as it's been in the past.  The sangria wasn't quite as nice, and when we ordered a pitcher, and they didn't bring one, we were less than pleased.  Still, I'd go back to this one or the one in Orange anytime.
Definitely one of the most fun restaurants in the Orlando theme park area, but beware that the menu no longer contains many of my favorite dishes. I don't remember how I first stumbled upon this place, but used to eat here every chance I got when we lived in Orlando. I was sad to see that the Coconut Grove and Atlanta locations closed, and really hope they don't close this one. I love the art / live artists / balloon artists (we got a "Rickey Rat" after a long day at Disney, so cute). Anyway, the pitcher of sangria is always a good choice and I highly recommend the pear on pecan crisps, pizzas and shrimp spring rolls. Avoid the empanadas, and ask the waiter for recommendations. I'm keeping my fingers crossed that they don't end up closing, we get back to Orlando at least once a year.
I'm still craving about this restaurant.  Holy wow.  It was delicious, probably my most favorite restaurant in Orlando and will definitely make sure to go back to Tu Tu Tango on our next visit back! We had literally 15 dishes and every. single. dish. was. OUTSTANDING. Cuban Sliders, Jalapeno Mac and Cheese, Argentinian Steak, Asian Steak Skewers, guava baked pork ribs, albondigas, chinese spring rolls (damn, get more than one order of these!!!)  Goat cheese and pesto flat bread pizza.... omg, and more! Outstanding.  Please.... makes you go here.  If you're having doubts?  Dont. The service was OUTSTANDING.
Love this place! They are a tapas place so you get small portions of various tasty items. Everything is good, good, good!!! The atmosphere is fun and exciting. There is live music and dancing entertainers. Its a good place for kids too. Also have really good drinks and adequate parking. Its a bit small and getting to tables can sometimes be a squeeze but its sooooooooo worth it!!
Overrated and not that great. + Decent selection of tapas on a simple-to-read and well-organized menu. + Entertaining experience for groups. + Order the lamb chops for a standout item. + Decently created atmosphere where there's local artists on the wall and an in-house artist creating real-time. - The food was not very good. Perhaps we went on an off-day, but the calamari was too salty to eat, the gyoza was too chewy, the pizza lacked any flavor, and other lackluster items that we tried. - I don't drink, but my friend ordered a mojito and claimed it was the worst he had ever had (he said it was just sugary and didn't have much if any alcohol to it). Our other friend ordered the sangria, and mentioned how it seemed they took some mix, kept the drink in the fridge, and just tossed in some fruit once someone ordered it (he didn't care for it). - The service was lackluster. Our waitress missed two of our items (she gave one of them to another table that had just sat down 5 minutes earlier, when we had ordered the dish 20 minutes before!) and was not very attentive to our needs (e.g.: refills). - Though there's tap-dancing entertainment, I found it to be rather annoying. It's a loud clackety sound that interrupts any conversation you're trying to have with your group and doesn't add much value to the surroundings. It's a decent place for groups looking to try a myriad of foods in one sitting - but then again, what tapas place isn't? I found this to be a very american twist on tapas, targeted specifically at the type of consumer that the area it's located in is filled with: tourists. The food was just "meh", and the service was weak.
I am going to start with the positives -nice patio atmosphere -food tastes good - good drinks (old fashioned and coconut mojito are the best) The negatives -over priced - small portions - it can get too loud
This place was recommended to me by a friend.  I stopped here during my vacation to Orlando this summer, and was nothing short of impressed.  I loved the decor and food, and the service was awesome! While it was an all-around enjoyable experience, I would say the highlight of dining here is the ambiance.  The artwork is one-of-a-kind, and can be purchased if you are looking for a souvenir or an addition to your home.  I really enjoyed the table-side entertainment, which made waiting for my food go by in no time.   Recommended items: sangria (partial to the red, but both were good), mahi mahi tacos, and goat cheese dip.
This place is really artsy. If you like the arts whether music, paintings, music or dancing, then you can really appreciate this place. The food was good but not amazing. The focus is not on food but rather art and entertainment, but the food is acceptable and I'm sure most Americans wouldn't even notice. So I would say go and see if it's for you. I had a good time.
Amazing restaurant,  such a good atmosphere plus the food was great! Couldn't ask for better service. A must go if in the Orlando area.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango in Orlando, Fla. has great food, amazing sangria, excellent customer service and a  wonderful atmosphere. What really separates this restaurant from your typical one is that it's also an artist's space. There are artists creating images all around you while you are eating and drinking, and almost all the art on the walls is for sale. Oh, and did I mention they also have free WiFi?! The restaurant was located behind my hotel, and since I needed to get some work done, I figured I would have a small bite to eat and a drink before heading over to Universal's City Walk for a night of live music. Well, I never made it over to Universal. The atmosphere, friendliness and well-made sangria was enough to keep me there all night. Their sangria is made, and housed, in the large silver looking barrel you see to the left. So, no matter what bartender pours it for you, you always get the same great taste. It's a little on the tart side, which I love, and doesn't have a strong alcohol flavor, which makes the sangria go down easy -- really easy. The menu is just as diverse as the colors inside the restaurant, and has everything from gator bites and cayo hueso wings to prosciutto and mango flatbread and macadamia crusted mahi mahi skewers. I picked the roma tomato and goat cheese flatbread, which their menu describes as "shredded parmesan, roma tomato compote, goat cheese and basil oil." It was de-lish! The basil oil was so impressive. It was almost like a pesto, but had more of an olive oil consistency. Keeping with the restaurant's theme, it was served on a large artist's pallet. Their prices were moderate, and not too expensive either. I definitely spent less than I would have at another chain-type restaurant and had way better food and drinks. I really can't say enough about their customer service, being in the hospitality industry for years before my journalism career, I'm always astonished at some of the terrible customer service I receive at restaurants and bars. But, not this place -- they 100 percent get customer service and understand it's part of the overall dining experience. In fact, it was taking a little bit to get my flatbread, and they apologized multiple times. [And, it really wasn't all that long!] There is art everywhere you look, from the walls and the benches outside, to the artist in the hallway leading into the cafe and also on the outside of the building. I actually purchased a piece of art. It was nice to see something you like, purchase it and also support a local artist. Something that can hang in my house to remind me of my trip is a much better souvenir than a t-shirt. This place is a must stop for anyone visiting Orlando, and is looking for a unique dining experience.
I love this place, I have been going since it opened and it's just always amazing.  The only negatives are; its pretty crowded not just with people but with the artwork and entertainment.  I would not suggest coming here with Small kids but it's great for a date night! There are so many menu options and usually is all yummy!  So much fun to share all the items you choose with each other.
I liked the food, but thought it was overpriced for the small plates. The shrimp and grits was good but for a couple of dollars more (and I mean, no more than $2), I could have had a full meal elsewhere in Orlando. It's the way it goes in the tourist area I guess. The service was attentive. When the belly dancer started, that was fun to watch but the music was so blasting throughout the place- even when the dancer was waaay across the room- we could not carry on a conversation. There is no self-parking that we could see. It's free for valet- but of course you should give a tip. So, not free.
Go for the food and deal with the service.   We went with a group of 14 and basically everyplace we went to we had crappy service. They say to order to per person and then share and that is a good guideline. Raves: Firecracker Shrimp, Rib Dishes, Andui Sausage, Pizza's, Cuban Slides, Alligator bites Sorry so short.
I went here with my softball team when we were down for the USSSA World's at Disney. We went in for a few drinks before going to play mini-golf next door. I was actually pretty impressed as the decor is made up of local artists' work - completely different than what I was expecting. And the best part is that the art work is all for sale. I would highly suggest popping in for a few drinks one night (or afternoon..lol) - but I cannot speak for the food, as we didn't have any.
I came here on a recent trip to Orlando since it had the most reviews, and also the most positive ones. It's a tapas place. I usually don't like those kinds of places because I feel you don't get your moneys worth in food. So it was just my gf and me and we got 5 things between us. Got some recommendations from our waiter and ordered a mixture of those and what we found on yelp. Cajun chicken egg rolls I liked. Didn't care for the mustard, thought it was too over powering, but liked the actual egg rolls. Got the grilled guava bbq glazed pork ribs and those were alright, pretty much just ribs. Tasted like normal bbq sauce. Roma tomato and goat cheese flat bread was pretty good. The tomatoes they had on there were so fresh. The dynamite shrimp she said was the most popular thing they had there but I wasn't too fond of it. They were pretty much just small popcorn shrimp covered in the sweet chili sauce. Lastly we got the lemon grass fish which I liked, and I'm not even a big fish person. The first taste that hits your mouth was bomb. Got pretty full from these 5 but only because I ate more that the gf did. It was around 60 bucks with tax and tip so eh. It's a vacation though so I'm alright with it this time.
My partner and I are on vacation and didn't know where to go for a nice dinner on Valentines day. When we pulled up we really like the location. There is a lot going on. The only annoying thing about the entire evening and the only reason this is 4 stars and not 5 was waiting an extra 20 minutes even though we made reservations. Waiting was not bad though. There were artists painting and sculpting, tarot readings, and a live band. The most interesting thing about the restaurant is its art. The entire place was covered in art. Our server was really nice, quick, and informative. The food was seriously amazing. It's really laid back and so we ordered 7 things and they got brought to the table as they were done. Which I loved. The Roma flatbread, roasted pears, and dynamite shrimp were amazing. All in all a great place to go if you have good taste, a sense of adventure, and laid back.
This tapas restaurant deserves more than just 5 stars! It was so good here that I went back twice! I loved the tapas - the black bean soup was the best and I enjoyed a number of items that I can't remember. I LOVED the passion fruit mojitos and had many of those. The best part is the entertainment! I loved the art on the walls, the belly dancers (I want to take classes) and so much more. I didn't mind that it was packed here as it felt so comfortable there. It's a great mixed crowd and fabulous for people watching.
It's really hard to find restaurants that are open late at night after a long day at the theme parks. Fortunately, Cafe Tu Tu Tango was one of those restaurants that were open late! Parking isn't too bad, but the night we came here, there seemed to be a small event going on. Cafe Tu Tu Tango is known sharing tapas. The restaurant has a very fun and social feeling when you enter in. There are lots of artworks on the walls that are available to purchase. There's even some dancers dancing along with the music. Everything just seemed very lively! Anyways, between the four of us, we shared the following: Passion Fruit Flavored Sangria: When I saw that there were flavored Sangrias, I knew I had to try one! The sangria itself was not too strong in my opinion. Didn't really taste any alcohol in it. Alligator Jambalaya: So, we originally ordered this because of the alligator meat in it. However, this dish was just OK. It barely had any alligator meat in it. Quite disappointing. :( Pork Belly Reuben: The roasted pork belly came in between the pretzel bun. I really liked the whole dish itself. The pork belly was crispy and not too fatty. The pretzel bun was toasted to the right level. Very delicious and won't make you feel gross after eating it. Hazelnut-Lemongrass Fresh Florida Fish: This came with green tea somen noodles. I didn't really taste that much of the green tea flavor in the noodles. The fish was really delicious!! It was soft and moist, flavored in lemongrass. I wish we had more of this because it was gone in a blink of an eye! Spiced Alligator Bites: Yum! The alligator bites tasted almost like chicken. It was crispy on the outside, yet moist and soft on the inside. Very chewy. Argentinian Style Orange Chimmichurri Steak: Pretty tender and cooked to a perfect medium rare. It was well seasoned and not too salty. I really liked the grits that came along with it. Dynamite Shrimp: This reminded me of honey walnut shrimp. However, it had more of a tangy taste and came in a big portion. It was quite delicious, but I think I couldn't have too much of it in one sitting just because the flavoring was a bit too strong for me. Banana Pizza: Very unique dessert dish! I had never had pizza for dessert before. It came with bananas, whip cream, and ice cream on top. It may sound a bit gross, but it was actually really good! The dough of the pizza wasn't too doughy. The ice cream complemented the banana flavorings really well. It had that mixture of warm pizza dough and cold ice cream feeling. I actually prefer this over a regular pizza. It wasn't even too heavy. Prices are very reasonable. We thought that since we ordered so much food, the bill would be pretty high, BUT it wasn't. We were very surprised. Overall, I really enjoyed most of the dishes that we had that night. If I visit Florida in the future again, I will definitely be back here for more! There's more items on the menu that I really wanna try! I definitely recommend this place if you're in the area! :)
Looking for a spot for a little girls night out, and my friend brought me here. She mentioned it wasnt a chain, although I knew of the one at the Block in Orange, CA.  The place was very artsy and we had a bunch of different tapas. I loved the Mac N Cheese! It was a little too loud for us to really talk or hear each other but it was a cute place and had good drinks!
This place used to be a lot better about 2+ years ago. They took a lot of options off the menu and the location closed due to violations (look it up if you don't believe me), and the two most recent times I ate there the quality has been much less appealing than before. The place also seems dirtier.
I'm blessed to be able to travel the world... Adventure: Culture, attractions, people, laughter, and OMG-food. Tu Tu Tango a culinary treasure with an eclectic atmosphere (very colorful & lots of art on the walls -restroom too)... Very friendly staff! But second mist important- aside from the delicious fares... Great service!
I live about 2 hours away from Orlando, but I usually venture over there a few times per year and I absolutely cannot go to Orlando without visiting Cafe Tu Tu Tango! Hands down it's one of my favorite places of all times, very quirky and they serve up fabulous grub. The food is nothing short of heaven on a plate. I recommend trying the roma tomato and goat cheese flatbread, black bean soup, grilled guava bbq pork ribs and pork cuba libre. Also, don't forget to order sangria, which is an ideal pairing with any tapas dish. I have been here a few times now and on my most recent visit, our server Emil was fantastic and really did a great job accomodating us. We had ordered so much food for 4 people we needed 2 tables to put all the plates and he was happy to oblige. The environment is brightly painted and there is artwork for sale from local artists displayed all around the restaurant. They have all kinds of entertainment here every night of the week including fire dancers, belly dancers and international music playing live. This part of the experience really makes it such an enjoyable evening. It's not just dinner, it's dinner and art and talented music and amazing dance shows!  Everyone needs to try this place and make a night out of it!
The food is great and the atmosphere is a lot of fun.  This is a great place, I eat here every time I am in Orlando.
The atmosphere is fun, but the music is rock concert loud. This is not  a good place to go for conversation, unless you want to converse by texting. The outside patio is not as noisy, but cannot be reserved. The food was pretty good. Guava covered pork ribs - delicious, the best tapas dish of the meal. Salmon sliders - pretty good Chicken wing Osso bucco - Pretty good Shrimp and grits - the shrimp were ok but the grits were bland and disappointing, I love grits in a bold or hot sauce. Alligator jambalaya - average - bland and would never have known it was aligator Beef empanadas - average - bland, not very interesting
Great atmosphere, server was very knowledgeable and the food was delish!  Had the house Sangria, it was good but thought it could have been just a tad sweeter...It was just 2 of us and we shared a total of 5 dishes and were completely satisfied!  Will definitely go back when we are in the area again!
This is my sisters fave restaraunt so she took us there and it did not disappoint.  We started off with themarianted mediterranian olives and feta and it was small but delish, my sister had the goat cheese timbale which was also yummy.  Then we had Dynamite Shrimp which was DELISH!, the pork cube Libre which was tasty, tender and full of flavor, and the Oriental Steak Skewers which were amazing and tender.  My son had the pepperoni pizza which was really good.  We finished it off with a bannana pizza which was A-mazing.  This place hit every mark for a fun extended family night.  Yes it is loud but nobody said this was a romantic date place.  The belly dancers were fun and the artist were really good.  I would recommend this place for food in a happy, fun, family of all ages friendly atmosphere.
My husband was staying in Orlando for work to attend a trade show. Being bored out of his mind, I told him I would come over and have dinner with him Friday night. He was staying on I drive and we wanted to eat somewhere close by. Sadly I drive is full of horrible chain restaurants (ponderosa steakhouse, señor frogs, hooters etc).  I did a little research and looked through my yelp bookmarks and found Cafe Tu Tu Tango. When scrolling down, I saw that Coty S have this place good marks. If Coty approved, then I knew I was in for a treat. I made reservations through the open table feature in yelp and when we arrived about 30 minutes early, we were seated right away, even though they were on an hour and a half wait. We were seated at a high top in the bar area. What I noticed about this place was the eclectic style. As others have stated, local artists have set up shop and are creating pieces of art in front of your eyes. The walls are adorned with art that is for sale and the overall feel of the place is baroque era with a touch of eclectic pieces to compliment the style. Our server was great and explained that we should order 2-3 menu items per person. She also informed us that the items come out as they're ready from 4 different kitchens. Based on the recommendations of yelp, we went with: salmon burgers (probably my favorite item), Roma tomato and goat cheese flatbread, lemongrass fish (my husband's favorite), shrimp and grits and a spring salad. For dessert we ordered the rocky road pizza. Everything was great-fresh and a unique spin on things. For instance, the grits had goat cheese in them, the salmon burgers were served on a toasted bun and a side of homemade fingerling potato salad. We walked in thinking this was potentially a tourist trap. Yes there were tourists there but everything was phenomenal. It's a restaurant that would survive and even thrive outside of I drive.
I've not had a chance to have anything better in Orlando! And yes, the crowd agrees - it is typically packed over the weekends. (with the conference-going crowd no less) Quasi-tapas style, with their 4 or 5 kitchens, each featuring their own cuisine and twist to things... AND the live art, tango dancers and belly dancers - dinner and a show. So good, i've tried to replicate their "bang bang shrimp" and sopa de leon.
The food was A-OK not great, the service was slow but the place was really busy. I would not go out of my way to go back but if you want a cocktail and an appetizer then give this place a try.
I was here with classmates back March of this year for a conference nearby. We stopped here after leaving the airport. The atmosphere of the place was great! A little bit loud but not too bad. I loved the smaller portions. I ordered the alligator jambalaya because I can't get that fresh very often in MA. It was well worth it. My friends and I shared our dishes with each other. I loved the empanadas. The  rosemary nuts were great as well! I would definitely go back if I travelled back to Orlando. Drinks are expensive and not that great (never proper alcohol portioning), but other wise it's a TEN.
Definitely a unique place. You can tell as you walk up to the front door that this is going to be more of an "experience" than a meal. Artists are in the open areas doing portraits and whatnot, and people are moving around like crazy. We showed up with an 8:30 Saturday night reservation for 5, a friend's bachelor party. There's wasn't an open table anywhere. We got a buzzer and had a drink at the bar, eventually getting seated around 8:50. So, this may not be the place to go if you have time-sensitive plans afterwards. As a matter of fact, we had to leave earlier than we otherwise would have because of our reservations at another place at 11pm. Tapas-style dining is fun in groups, although at this place it's not particularly cheap. The food is generally very good, and everything that we ordered eventually arrived with the exception of one dessert dish that was incorrect.  By the time they realized it, we didn't have time to wait for it again so we weren't charged. There was a belly dancer making her rounds ever so often.  It was a nice touch but there isn't much she can do squeezed amonst all of the patrons and waiters and tables. So it's very loud, it's very crowded, but it's also a lot of fun. For the five of us, with four of us drinking, we managed a $175 bill before tip.  I'd say it was a worthwhile experience for our party.
Here's what I have to say...we left shortly after getting sat.  Why?  Because the local musicians were just plain too loud.  When your server has to literally yell during their spiel, something is wrong.  There were four of us at the table and we tried to muscle our way through, but ended up leaving.  If the band turned down the volume or if the set player stopped bashing on his snare drum, we might have enjoyed the experience.  I know the food is great, but some consideration needs to be paid to the folks that are trying to have a conversation without getting a sore throat.
We stumbled upon this place after a long day at Disney,  we had heard great things about Cafe Tu Tu Tango so we decided to pull in as we drove by. At first the complimentary valet packing scared us because we weren't looking our best after a day long of park hoping plus our two year old was with us, and we weren't sure if this place was kids friendly. The young guy that welcomed us told us that if was fine so we all hopped out of the car. This is a tapas style restaurant so they have small portions to share amongst the table abs they come out add they are ready. It was around 6:30 and I thought we we going to have a long wait but the seated us right away. They have their regular menu and a revolving menú that according to our server, changes every two weeks. We ordered Tango Hummus per our daughter's request, she also ordered a kids quesadilla which came with fries and it was a bigger portion than expected. She eat most of it. My wife and I ordered Oriental Marinated Steak Skewers (they were tender and good flavor) from the regular menu.  We also ordered two items from the revolving menu which were a flatbread pizza and pork medallions. Everything we ordered was great. Toward the end of our dinner,  there was a lady who danced with fire,  which blew our daughter's mind. It was pretty cool. We would definitely bring our toddler back here,  but I don't think it's a great place for younger babies, as it is pretty loud and gets very crowded.
There are a ton of touristy places on I-Drive, but Café Tu Tu Tango transcends the typical gimmicks offering locals a cool place to dine even in the "theme park zone." The art inside really is amazing. The art features all kinds of different styles and mediums. Seating and food wait-time can be long, and I pass the time wandering away from my table to look at all the art. Occasionally, there are artist strategically placed around the dining room making a beautiful creation right before my eyes. The food is good, great tasting tapas to share. They have Spanish flare but Americanized enough to fit a picky eater's palette. If you're looking for a place with some whimsy and ready to wander away from the mouse ears, come down the street to Café Tu Tu Tango.
The atmosphere is amazing.  Great number of art pieces by locals.  The food was good.  Small tapas style food portions.
Very cool place. If you're looking for a spot with a lot of character, this is it! The decor, with all sorts of crazy pieces of art everywhere and lots of unique chandeliers and seating, is a little out there, but it makes you feel like the place is one of a kind. There was a psychic in one corner and some dancers who came out during the meal to entertain us. The servers were extremely friendly, explaining all of the quirkiness of the restaurant and the menu to us. Our server was also really helpful, she was able to split up the bills of our huge party, even though I know it was probably a pain for her. My food was fantastic: the ahi tuna was seared perfectly with a great seasoning on them, and the pickled veggies on top were delicious. I also had the shrimp and grits. The grits were lemony and creamy, and super yummy! The servers made it sound like they were tiny, tiny, tapas portions, but everything was actually bigger than I thought and I was completely full after just two entrees. Dessert was absolutely divine! Chocolate covered cheesecake pops...oh my god. Creme brûlée...Rocky Road Pizza...all so good! Surprisingly, the chocolate covered strawberries were the weakest link. All in all, a super entertaining and fun meal that I would definitely recommend to anyone in the area!
This place have a fun and interesting vibe. You'll see live arts, belly dancers, tarot card readers and art display here. Service is excellent. Out waiter actually split our bill separately for a group of 12! Food is small portion tapas style. It is however a little disappointing. Dishes like crab chopsticks, dynamite shrimp, pork cuba libre, pork dumplings, carne asada and curry chicken skewers is at most...just okay. The mahi mahi tacos, baby lamb chops is pretty terrible. Only thing I'd recommend is the chicken flat bread and hueso wings.
Love this place. Everything is small portion, like an appetizer. The food is delicate and tasty, and the show is good.
A little hard to find, but worth the search. We sat at the bar as there were no available tables. Very busy place full of energy. Lots of art to look at while you eat. Funky tables, chairs and plates. Great tapas and good wine list. Perfect date night!
After the previous nights disaster known as Landry's, we scoured Yelp for something to make up for such a terrible experience.  Not only did Cafe Tu Tu Tango deliver, it hit it out of the park. First of all, Tango's has a really awesome atmosphere.  There's local artwork on all the walls and some of the artists are stationed around the place, painting or drawing while you're eating.  The walls are bright, vibrant colors and the music is upbeat but not in your face.  You can buy any of the artwork and some of it is fantastic. I myself, picked up some cards in the lobby by a Maria Bolton.  (mariabolton.com) I thought her stuff was just fabulous and was thrilled to not only get it, but she had some cool suggestions of places to check out while we were in Orlando. There was also a Tarot card reader set up and a photographer who took a great family picture of the five of us for free.   Our waitress Wendy, was amazing.  She explained to us how many dishes a table of five should start off with (about 6) and steered us away from any poor choices and recommended things like the Dynamite shrimp (fantastic) and the pear on pecan crisps (amazing).  I wasn't sure that a few bites of a few things would fill us all up, but it did.  We were stuffed by the time the flautas came out, but it was all worth it.  A Tapas bar is perfect for the kind of people that like to pass dishes around and share.  You can try an array of things and never have to commit to just one thing!
I love this place, I been to the one in Florida and the one in California! But i live in MA and they don't have one anywhere near here :-( Anyways - This place is a totally new concept and I can see how some people would not like it ;close-minded people or the older (traditional)crowd. It's more for the younger crowd or people who are open to new things. The food is good, it's nice cause your able to try different things, a little of this, a little of that, Some sweet, some spicy. I found everything to have a lot of flavor, nothing was bland. The restaurant was very cool too, very colorful and fun to be at. Loved it!
Definitely one of the creative and fun place to eat without compromising the taste. The Cajun egg rolls and the dynamite shrimp were very delicious. The ambience is very dim and hipster-ific. Lots of art work hanging around that you can buy (but very expensive). There was an artist painting in the middle of the restaurant as people were eating, which I thought it was very cool. If you want a romantic night, I would say go somewhere else more quiet and I guess, romantic. It is a loud place and a place for your friends to just hangout and laugh. I would definitely recommend it for those who are from out of town.
We were so glad we found this place!  We were happy to find this place served all small plated which allowed us to try a variety of different dishes. Tu tu tango had great drinks, a unique atmosphere, especially with the artwork for sale from local artists on the walls! All apps were great, the alligator jambalaya was amazing, perfect combination of ingredients. Roasted pear salad with arugula was very good a very interesting combination. We also loved the Cuban sliders, Picasso flatbread, short ribs and chicken wings with cornbread. We finished with the rocky road pizza which was also very good with a vanilla gelato! Highly recommend this place, it was a great time!
Awesome interior with local art all over the walls. Pricy for small portion appetizers but that's kinda what you expect in the Orlando area.
They will lie to you and say that your wait time is 20 minutes.  40 minutes in you start to lose patience. 60 minutes in you get mad, but you are too invested to leave and you want to believe the lies.  After 1 hour and 40 minutes you transcend anger and hunger and enter true insanity. I recommend making a reservation to dine here instead of getting a hotel room for overnight accommodations in Orlando.
One of my favorite.  I love how they have the starving artist program which means that differents artists will work there for exhange of their food, they have pieces of art all over the walls that you can buy.   Love the menu, which is not an entree put more like appetizers style.  The servers are fun they even dance sometimes.  There is so much going on that you will remember this place for a while Make sure if you go to this place to ask for the Roasted Pears On Pecan Crisps topped with spanish bleu cheese and a balsamic reduction; served with arugula...  My favorite!!!
This is the freshest, creative food in the sadly most chain-ridden part of Orlando, International Drive. Staff are amazingly knowledgeable about the locality of the food sources - fresh local strawberries on my salad. Ryan/wait staff was super professional and the restaurant has a very low turnover of employees - which tells you a lot about a place. There is an abundance of pride at this art gallery/tapas restaurant.  Highly recommended - and I work for the airlines and eat at A LOT of places, globally-- trust me! You will not be disappointed.
We found this place on Yelp while on vacation, and decided to pick up some food to go. We loved the funky atmosphere and decor! It had a very fun atmosphere with live music and live painters. There were interesting art pieces all over the cafe as well which kept us super interested while we waited for our order. We ordered a selection of small plates to go and a couple of drinks while we waited. The food was delicious too! We would definitely like to come back and dine in next time!
I came here with my girlfriend on the tail end of our vacation.  This quirky tapas cafe has all sorts of indie art hanging on the wall and they all appeared to be for sale.  Our servers were very friendly and helpful, not to mention attractive. Being a California boy in Orlando, I had to try the gator bites, which unfortunately, just tasted like chicken nuggets to me, thanks to the abundance of breading.  It did have a slightly tougher texture, but I really can't say that I know what gator tastes like. I also had the roasted pears on pecans crisps which was simply divine.  The plate had all manners of flavors and textures, from the soft sweetness of the pear, to the crunch of the pecans, to the tart and savory hints from the arugula and bleu cheese. I also had the pork cuba libre which was rich and savory, after the pear salad the cuba libre is easily my next favorite.   I found out that there's a Cafe Tu Tu Tango somewhere in the city of Orange in Southern California.  I can't wait to try that one after having tasted the cuisine in Orlando!
Very cool interior.  Friendly and courteous service.  Fantastic humus made at your table!
I always love the opportunity to make the drive to International Drive to go to this restaurant. There are a ton of dining options in that area but this is my favorite. It has a unique theme (set in a Spanish artist loft) and a great food concept (tapas). Super cool. I can get a number of fancy restaurants or chain food so this restaurant stands out. I took a couple of my friends from Australia who I would consider "foodies" and not easily impressed. My friend took the lead in ordering an excellent sampling of the menu to include: pepperoni pizza (yum), alligator bites, shrimp, etc. It looks like the menu online is not up-to-date as I can't find a list of what we ate but most of it was really good. Then as crazy as it sounds we listened to the dessert menu. Personally I couldn't pass on the banana bread and then my friends wanted the banana pizza so we had both! A lot of bananas for one menu but they were both incredible. I was shocked at how much I liked the pizza. The highlight of the entire meal was the ice-cream these dishes were served with. I can't find the exact flavor online but it was of a caramel, salt nature. Almost worth a trip to get the ice-cream. That good. Overall, I would give the food a 4 in terms of taste. Variety likely a 5. Our server was very very nice but we had a slow start. After the food started to come she provided more timely attention. My friends thoroughly enjoyed the meal which says a lot as they are well-traveled. Cafe Tu Tu Tango's offers a wonderfully unique experience.
Went for lunch, the place was deserted.  I liked the ambiance, the artist loft with lots of artwork around.  The menu was a little pricey, but the food was delicious.  I had the duck and chicken confit quesadilla and also shared the flautaus, and it was very good. Seems like this would be a good date spot.
Very different yet nice decorated restaurant. The whole room are filled with local arts. When we walked in for lunch, we were a little skeptical because it was kind of empty, but maybe because it was on weekday. We got the Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls, Dynamite Shrimp, Alligator Bites, and Banana Pizza for dessert. The shrimp was the one dish I liked the most, and the banana pizza was really good . You can ask for chocolate chip as additional topping at no charge. I never had alligator meat before so wanted to try it. Hated it. It was chewy like a rubber band. The waitress said it tastes like chicken, oh it doesnt taste anything like chicken.
We visited Tu Tu Tango on a Thursday night in January. Having been on I-drive before, I knew it tended to be pretty busy so I made a reservation for 7:45pm for 3 people. My party arrived about five minutes before our reservation and the parking is very confusing. It's free valet, but they don't have anywhere for you to wait while a valet parker comes to your car, nor do they have adequate signs to tell you that that's what you're waiting for. We ended up driving around and parking ourselves in the hotel parking lot on the other side of the complex. When we got inside, I was informed by the hostess that they were really busy and we wouldn't be able to get a table until 8:30pm at the earliest. Excuse me? I made a reservation. I would have been ok with a short wait, but felt that 45 minutes was ridiculous. She suggested that we take a look in their outdoor section which has open seating.   Luckily, there was one table open (but not yet bused) that we were able to sit at right away outside. It took a while for a server to come to us as they had only one person working the outdoor section and she was also working as a bar tender. We ordered a variety of small plates, and the food, to its credit, was wonderful. We had the southwest chicken egg rolls, a spinach dip with a naan crackers, alligator bites, oriental steak skewers, and a pepperoni pizza. The egg rolls and pizza were fantastic. i would opt out of the alligator bites. They were deep fried and mostly tasted like fried. Overall, the food ended up being worth the experience, but the difficulties paring and lack of table for our reservation deduct two stars for me.
Enjoyable dining experience.  I am not sure we did the tapas thing correctly, we all got our own dishes.  There wasn't much sharing going on because we all liked and ate everything we got!  Cool art.  Good food.  Good time.
I have been to this restaurant 3 or 4 times. It is an artsy place so I would probably go there just for the atmosphere alone. They are renovating the place now and will soon have an outside bar. Today I tried the calamari. That was good. Then for a small entry I had the seafood skewer which comes with a avocado salad. I asked for the red beans and rice with the skewer instead and he still brought the salad which was nice. I have had their black bean soup which is only 3 dollars for a little app. The server was very knowledgeable and friendly. Their portions are small and not too pricey which allows for tasting several things. Usually artist are around painting which is really cool. It will be a restaurant I frequent. Fun!
This a unique dining experience that has a little for everyone. The concept is an artist loft where you can see art being created, while sharing appetizer-sized  portions of a variety of dishes. It gets a little loud as the evening progresses. So if you don't want a lively restaurant with lots going on, try it for lunch. We sampled the Cajun chicken egg rolls, four cheese pizza, steak kabobs, gator bites, grilled pears, and more. All were nicely prepared. The gator bites tasted like chicken. I really couldn't discern they were gator. Don't know if that's a good or bad thing. Save room for banana pizza! I would ask for a little more gelato.
This place is awesome. The live entertainment & the art all make for a great atmosphere! My favorite is the Chocolate Calzone. You've got try it!
First night in Orlando and this was across the street from the hotel, very nice place with a cool vibe and ambience enhanced by on-site tarot card reader.  Serves excellent drinks and a decent variety of small plates to satisfy everyone.  Hotel offered 10% off, wouldn't call this place cheap but about $15-$20 each for food seems reasonable. I'm told they have live music later in the night and on weekends to add to the fun, definitely recommend for a laid back relaxing dinner.
I really enjoyed eating here. It's a very 60's flower child feel for a restaurant- definitely a fun change of pace and something different. My boyfriend and I come here often.
The food was good. The service was great. Upon entering they gave us the scoop on the way the restuarant works and warned us that because there were several kitchens at the place that the food didn't always appear at the same time. If you don't like being married to one entire dish this is the place for you. Though they suggest picking 3-4 appetizers per person we were stuffed on just ordering 2 per person. The only thing is the price might get a little steep if you mix and match the more expensive dishes. But I loved the experience and wish there was one in my area. Next time I'm in Orlando I think I will have to go there again. Pros: Service, Atmosphere, Food Cons: Could be pricey, Delay in food arrival What a terrific way to start off a vacation!
The hosts were very nice and beautiful. I had a rude waitress who was rushing on me and told me I'm going to bring you some water she went on for 12 min and the restaurant was not even crowded  then I asked for changing my waitress and gotta a really nice one. I got my Desert for free cuz of the first servant even though I didn't complain so it was offered I gave a generous tip cuz she was quick and nice. The food was really delicious
Great place with delicious tapas and local art. There's typically artists painting live in the restaurant. Very cool place!
Service was great, ambience was great, and the food was mediocre. This time around I went with my boyfriend and after recently joining yelp, I can't help but notice that all the restaurants I thought were good are really in fact mediocre. After finding out from our waitress that Tu Tu had gone corporate it changed my perception just a little: it lacks the homey feel it had before, the food is bland that had no bursts of flavor, but the service was great. So we will be back when the craving for tapas strikes again.
Great food, great beer list. My wife and I were here on business and stopped in for dinner. We loved it!
My boyfriend and I drove to Orlando from Philadelphia. Needless to say we were starving when we checked into our hotel and really wanted to eat somewhere close for dinner. We found Cafe Tu Tu Tango on Yelp and didn't really know what to expect but we were shocked at how delicious this restaurant was, I'm still craving it back up north. We shared the alligator bites, Mac and Cheese, the goat cheese platter (which I still dream about) and a flat bread. I highly recommend the banana pizza for dessert as well!! That salted caramel and banana combo rivals the Budino in Philadelphia, it was phenomenal. I suggest the sangria, white or red as well!
I can't believe that I have not reviewed this place. One of my favorite restaurants in the Orlando area. Local artists come in and do thier thing while you eat. You can buy the art right of the wall, while Flamenco dancers dance around you, and get your tarot cards read while you wait for your order. This is a tappas reastaurant so everything is small plates, and come out at different times (they have three kitchens). Great for ordering a lot of different things to share with friends. I love the hummus plate, and thier Sangria is out of this world good.
Great food but very expensive.  The best part of this place is the atmosphere.  Cool artists and live belly dancers.  Waiters are fast and friendly.  Again, great food but much too expensive.
The food was excellent! I would have given  it 5 stars but we have never been here before and the waiters stood at our table until we ordered. I felt pressured. But the food... So very good!!
Great place for Tapas style food.  Just landed in Orlando and wanted a good lunch. Started with the hummus which was OK, not that exciting.  However, everything else was great.   Cuban Slides:  a must get.  done perfectly, and the yucca fries were great Meatball Pizza:  also great.  Flavorful and good dough Ribs:  Pretty good, but not as good as the Sliders and Pizza If you are with people and want to share a couple dishes, this is a great place to do so!
I liked that they showcased local artist work all over the dining rooms, food was good. I had the bang bang shrimp, and they had a nice kick to them.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango was the perfect restaurant for my wife and I in terms of food quality, price and atmosphere. - Fantastic food quality and variety - Excellent service and speed - Relaxing atmosphere - Plenty of parking While it may be located in a highly commercial touristy restaurant location, the place gives you a personal, artistic feel that others fall short on delivery. They have a great friendly atmosphere with plenty of food choices and lots of wall art. There were two artists at the entrance enjoying the atmosphere and music while creating away. It was easy to get lost in the art while enjoying the tapas. My wife and I started with the Grilled guava BBQ glazed pork ribs ($9) and they were so succulent and flavor packed. Every bite seemed to bring out a new flavor. This was our favorite. We went on to try the chicken flautas ($8) which were so crispy and very tasty. They came in a close second with their succulent flavor and tender meat. The Picadillo empanadas ($7) surprised me with the explosion of flavor. Tapas can usually be passed off as beer bite but here they are gourmet. I was really disappointed with the Argentinian style orange chimmichurri steak ($9) because the meat was a little tough and it was a tad oily. Overall I loved Cafe Tu Tu Tango and will be making many trips back here. The food and atmosphere were just my style.
Roasted Pears On Pecan Crisp to die for. We had a party of 4 the first time two of us had been there. I like the Tapa's Experience (my first) it was fun getting something and all of us sharing it. I thought the Mushroom Rockefeller was pretty rich so I'm glad we were sharing that. The Shrimp dish we had was very good. And I LOVED the Pork Cuba Libre. We had so many dishes. I finished off with the Almond Flan and it was a light sweet that was satisfying.   The booth they sat us in was not comfortable, and the restaurant could have been about 2 degrees cooler for my taste. It was more on the warmer side and possibly because we were stuffed in that booth! The decor was fun and festive and the belly dancing was fun.
What an awesome dinner (tapas really, but perfect for sharing and trying multiple items) and total atmosphere .  There were artists painting and flamenco dancers.  You MUST eat here!!!
I love Tu Tu Tango. I travel twice a year to Orlando on business and I have been coming here for 3 years. Great place . The tapas menu is extensive & interesting. There are some choices for vegetarians. Wait staff is hip, friendly and energetic. service is fast. music is very loud 90's greatest hits . I take my clients here and we end up yelling over music and after two pitchers of sangria ( the best I have had outside of Spain ) supposedly it is a secret recipe from Barcelona, you give up and relax. art everywhere , artists and fire dancers, tango dancers, belly dancers ... depending on the night. I am a fan of the ahi and also the flat bread. Valet Parking Roll with it - you're in Florida on international drive - have some fun would 'ya??
Maybe I was here on the chef's day off but the food was mediocre at best. roasted pears on pecan crisps: the pecan crisps tasted like graham crackers and the greens were over salted (as in there were grains of salt sitting on the arugula) pork cuba libre: basically grilled pork patties with some sauce 'award wining' sangria: bland and flavorless though I was originally set to order more, after those two examples of their culinary offerings I decided to go home and have instant noodles instead
If only we had this restaurant in CT..... This is a place we found through yelp when we were vacationing in Orlando and it did not disappoint. The food was delicious and the ambiance had a very trendy vibe. A few local artists were painting in there while we ate. Try everything and order some Sangria. If we ever make it back to Orlando, we will definitely come back to this restaurant.
Always a very good local spot. A bit pricey, but good service and wonderful food awaits each and every time. Unique dishes and chef's specials are always a delight!
What can I say, this is a fun place. Based on my experience, it is my favorite restaurant that I went to during my family trip in Orlando. If you are looking for a place to celebrate, this is the perfect place to do so. There are performers here and there and they are interactive with everyone in the restaurant, if you're game. To start things off, reading the reviews, I thought that the sangria would be great. Personally, I thought the sangria was alright. The passion fruit one is better than the mango and peach. (3/5) The food was overall pretty yummy. It averaged from being nothing too special about it to "Damn it I should of ordered another one!". On that note,  be aware that this place is a tapas restaurant, so the portions are small. Sesame Seared Tuna Sashimi - This o0ne wasn't as special, but still good (3/5) Duck Confit Salad - Pretty good. The duck was flavorful(4/5) La Plancha Seafood Skewers - Plenty of seafood on a stick and cooked perfectly (4/5) Dynamite Shrimp - This was my favorite out of all of the tapas. It had a hint of spicy. I can see how some users say there was a lot of mayo in this dish, but it didn't bother me that much especially since I shared this dish with 5 other people. (5/5) Argentinaen Style Orange Chimmichurri Steak - This was 3 skewers of meat. I enjoyed the grits that came with this order! One of the dishes where I wished I got another one (5/5) Spiced Alligator Bites - Are you sure this wasn't popcorn chicken? Haha, it tasted just like that.  (3/5) Chocolate Dipped Cheesecake lollipops - This was the only dish that I did not like at all. It tasted like a normal cheesecake. I enjoyed the below dessert way better (2/5) There was a Banana pudding dessert - I actually really loved this dessert! It was good and went well with the flavor of ice cream they chose to go with it. Too bad I can't remember the name (5/5) Please note: Parking here is ridiculous though. We ended up parking at the Pirate golf place next door or else we would of missed out reservation on a Saturday night. So, keep that in mind! 4.5/5
I discovered this place on a trip to Orlando many years back. I am a fan of and I love appetizers. I think the idea of an all appetizer Restaurant rocks! This is a must visit if ever in Orlando. The prices are very reasonable too. If you love appetizers and are willing to explore all kinds of new, fun and exciting dishes, then this is it. The restaurant has an awesome feel and environment as well
While visiting Orlando from out of state, we were told that Café Tu Tu Tango was a must see. Crazy entertainment was coupled with friendly staff and very knowledgeable bartenders. The plates are small, so sharing is a must; and that's a good thing because the more plates you get, the better the experience. Tarot card readers, belly dancers, hulahoop and fire entertainers are just some of the fun you can see at this place. The free valet parking doesn't hurt either!
One of my fav resto in Orlando! The environment looks hippie & hip kind of ambiance. If you're an artist, u will love the paintings. About their food, it was fantastic. Very affordable & most of them tasted really good. I ordered the jambalaya alligator, just wanted to give it a try coz it was "alligator!" lol. I was right, it was good! Reminded me of french restaurant i ate at in Jax. Staff were very friendly & nice. Went here during lunch hours. Will definitely come back & recommend this resto to a friend!
Fun place, really good tapas, festive, maybe a bit too loud for toddlers (at night anyway) though.  Try the olive and feta app or the roasted pears for something different.  Both are really good.
Atmosphere Cafe Tutu Tango has an eclectic atmosphere unlike any other restaurant I have ever been to.  It's unique in a way that when we first arrived they had some sort of loud Caribbean performance around a table.  It was very festive and lively if you like this kind of showmanship.  This was our first dining experience in Orlando so I went to Yelp to guide us in the right direction. I must say owe were disappointed in both the quality and taste of the food.   Service Our server was Jon and he was the best part of our first Florida dining experience.  At first I thought he was just being fresh but he actually was a good server and earned his tip for the night.  He first joked with us by stamping his name Jon on our napkin and he made a corny joke about depending on the way the napkin is turned his name can be either nor or jon.  We thought the joke was funny after a 7 hour flight from Cali.  Jon was a solid server and checked on us several times while we were dining.  He gave us more napkins, refilled our water and asked if we had any more questions.  He even took away our used dishes promptly.  This type of service warrants an 18% tip.  18% is what is printed on the receipt in the section labeled "Gratuity Guide" Food/ Value Jon our server was a great guy but we had to unfortunately tell him some white lies about the food being good.  The food indeed was not good.  In fact, if this was a restaurant in San Francisco, it would close down very soon but judging by the Yelp reviews people love this place.  Maybe I'm just out of touch and use to a different standard.  The food was moderately priced but not ridiculous tourist trap pricing. Verdict I hate to give this place two stars as I feel like I am the lone dissenter but I truly believe the food here was not good when we came.  I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt that it was a bad day but I will never no since I never had a chance to try it again.  Based on our experience, the two highlights of the night were the Caribbean Dancers and singers that night and Jon our server which we tipped 18%.  That tip was all you Jon.  Thank you for making our first impression of Florida a great one.
I think the Yelp 2-star description fits perfectly: "Meh, I've experienced better."  I wouldn't say this place is bad by any means but it's certainly not great.  Sangria, chicken egg rolls and the Argentinean steak are 3 of the top sellers and most popular dishes.  Personally, I thought the Sangria was average at best, the egg rolls were tasty but VERY greasy (granted I know that's how egg rolls are but still) and the steak was chewy and just not all that flavorful.  The steak came with grits and that was actually my favorite part of the meal.  We also got the empanadas and having been to Florida several times before, I've had MUCH better down in the Miami area. The ambiance is really cool with artists painting/drawing as you eat, and you can buy the art right off the wall.  I think it's a fun place to bring your family if you're visiting Orlando but I wouldn't say it's a top notch meal by any means.
This is an absolutely fabulous tapas restaurant on I Drive in Orlando. I know - I Drive home of the dull chain restaurants. None of that here! The food was great, the service was a bit slow being the place was empty but it was forgivable. The special of the day included conch fritters which were some of the best I have had and I try them every chance I get. Nearly as good as the alley cart in Key West. The art is interesting and if I was looking I might even buy a piece or two.
Really cool concept, nice atmosphere, great service, and great food.  A definite must visit if you are in Orlando!
Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a cute eatery decorated with artwork from local artists. And the food is actually pretty good too! We got a lot of plates to share, including the cajun chicken egg rolls, calamari, dynamite shrimp, sesame seared tuna sashimi, and picadillo empanadas. My fave dish was the seared tuna sashimi because it had just the right amount of sear to add flavor, but wasn't overcooked so you could enjoy the nice flavor of the fish. The dynamite shrimp was also good, I'm a big fan of the aioli that comes with it. For dessert, we got the chocolate dipped cheesecake lollipops and the rocky road cookie pizza. Both dishes looked and tasted exactly as expected and were a yummy, decadent way to finish our meal. The overall vibe here is fun and relaxed and very inviting. I would definitely come here again. I also love that the plates are smallish and designed for sharing. IMHO, family style is the best way to eat because you get to try lots of different things. This place is definitely a winner in my book.
Very good food.  The alligator bites are fun to try if you are a tourist.
Pro: Fun atmosphere and gluten free menu. Con: service was terrible. Our server had an attitude. 2 people in our group had a gluten allergy. When we ordered per the gluten free menu, our server have us attitude about not ordering something without bread or crackers. 3 dishes came out lukewarm. We did not have enough refills for a table of 5. I've been to Cafe tu tu tango years ago and also had bad service then. We won't be coming back.
Set in the midst of the I-Drive tourist area, Cafe Tu Tu Tango offers up a tapas dining experience with an artistic touch. The menu has a decent selection of tapas - smaller portioned dishes to share with the rest of your table - both hot and cold, with a few vegetarian selections thrown in.  Most dishes are priced between $6 and $8, but you'll probably want to order 3-4 per couple, as portion servings are a bit on the small side sometimes. Personal favorites include the Dijon Chicken skewers ($7) a tangy and slightly sweet grilled chicken served over sesame noodles, and the Picadillo and Cheese empanada ($6), a mildly spicy ground beef and manchengo/monterey jack  cheese mixture in a fried pastry drizzled with a cilantro lime sauce. A full menu is available on the website at cafetututango.com. One of the big draws for Cafe Tu Tu Tango is the atmosphere, which is themed after a Bohemian-style Barcelona artist loft. The restaurant offers space to local artists to create works of art while guests dine and it can be interesting to see what they do. Most Friday nights, you'll find live entertainment via a belly dance troupe, and during the summer months, they also have a midweek beach party on Wednesdays, featuring great drink specials at the bar. But the fun dining atmosphere has its price, especially on weekends, when the tiny parking lot gets full early (even with the additional valet service) and there can be up to an hour wait for a table. Overall, this is the kind of place you go for drinks, a light meal and a fun atmosphere. Hearty eaters might want to eat elsewhere and just come for the drinks and surroundings.
Eclectic and fun - reminded me of some of the places in the east village (NYC).  Some tapas items came out quickly, others took too long to be served.  Staff was very friendly though.  Here's my opinion of: Prosciutto and mango flatbread - yummy Alligator bites - more bread than  necessary and a little tough Guava BBQ ribs - tasty but too much sauce! Pork Cuba libre - eat the meat with the sweet potato salad - nice combo Pork belly sliders - rolls were strange - not much flavor - I'd pass on these Chicken/duck quesadillas - took an excessive amount of time to come out - not really worth it - was a little too salty Choc dipped cheesecake - delish but not as good as the Banana pizza - unbelievably awesome - best part of the whole meal! Overall it was a fun experience - definitely different from the restaurants in the parks
I went there with a large group of friends while in Orlando for a reunion. It's a very festive place and there was even a belly dancer. The guys had fun watching her.  Lol!  The food was delicious. The hummus was out of this world. It was the best hummus I've ever had and I've eaten hummus from various places in NYC.  I'll definitely go back there on my next trip to Orlando.
I've been to this restaurant quite a bit, but mainly because I love the atmosphere. The past couple of times that I've visited this location the service has been less than expected for the price they expect you to pay to be their customer. As I said, the atmosphere is neat. There's artwork for sale all over the walls, and even an artist in the restaurant painting. Belly dancers go around the restaurant, as do magicians. Basically, it's a neat place, I just wish they had a better system for service. The food is great and I've never been disappointed with anything that I've ordered off of the menu (and I've had the majority of their menu).
I LOVED this place! The sauces were outrageously delicious and the service was great. 5 stars! They have a fun and lively atmosphere and amazing fruit mojitos to boot!
This place is a lot of fun, but really really wothwhile.  Roving salsa dancers.  Outstanding tapas, friendly (yet very busy) bartenders, and jalapeno margaritas.  Tried, and loved, the Togarashi Tuna was fresh and with a nice picante bite, the Fall Fruit Braised Beef Short Ribs were all excellent, as was the chorizo and potato, and the Jalapeño Mac and cheese. It would be easy to dismiss CTTT as a tourist trap.  As much fun as it is, the quality of the food makes it exceptional.
Very unique artistic venue.  Friendly & relaxed.  Fun everywhere.  Tapas menu is extensive.  Fresh & full favor.  Tapas are a great vale.  Nice recommended.  Enjoy
This restaurant claimed to give free appetizers to anyone who checked in on their yelp page, but upon checking in, it revealed that this deal was only for military personnel. So essentially, it asked me to check in and review with promises of a free appetizer and failed to deliver its promise. My fiancé and I ordered a bottle of sangria, which came completely watered down. To top it off, these weren't real tapas. The roasted pears were way overpriced given that they were plainly roasted and lacking in flavor, the Dynamite shrimp were small deep fried shrimp doused in mayonnaise-y sauce, and the Korean chicken wings tasted like imitation duck served with soggy cornbread.   This place has amazing reviews, but if you want real tapas, I'm sure there are much better alternatives in the area.
I love Cafe Tu Tu Tangos! Both times that I've been here I've had exquisite service and wonderful food. The plates are creative and fresh. Lovely seafood and nice drinks as well. This place is filled with beautiful local artwork and is interesting to meander about. Definitely a must for anyone in the Orlando area.
If I lived in Orlando, I would have a cot in this place.  Funky, fantastic art  on the walls, more being made in front of you.  Small bar area, but friendly  and knowledgeable barkeep with a good selection of beer.  Tapas are good, well prepared,   Flavors are strong where they should be, subtle where they should be.  Good presentation ( as Tapas should be ).   If you tend toward the funkier, artsier part of town, this is a good break from the usual corporate restaurants on International.  I'll be back, and please leave that red swirly painting for me.
Lots of same plates and have something for everyone.
We love going here! The food is super flavorful and you can tell that the servers are knowledgeable about the entire menu. Great place to go to if youre looking for a restaurant in the tourist area in Orlando, FL.
On international drive alongside a few other eating establishments this is a lively place for a casual meal. Order various small dishes from the menu and share with your dining companions for the best way to enjoy the food. Quite a variety available too. Often artists on site with art work available to buy as well, this place is best described as different from the usual steak chicken or burger joints. Parking was a problem with it all being so busy as well.
I've been here twice, the first time was a 4 star experience with the food and service, and the second time was a 2 star experience. I probably wouldn't return due to the second trip. I like tapas but the ones we got on my most recent trip reminded me just of appetizers from Chili's or Fridays, so I'd rather go there instead if that is the case. I averaged this out to three stars. The artwork is cool, but the bathroom leaves something to be desired, too.
This Orlando, International Drive staple is a bit iconic for me as I've had friends work here and have eaten here many times over the last 15 years. While I love the quirky, unique atmosphere of Tu Tu, the food is just average at best. I think I've been watching too many cooking and restaurant shows because I feel like I can sniff out frozen, non fresh ingredients easily. Based on my last meal here I'm convinced that the majority of their appetizers are frozen or processed in some way. Their taste and textured were bland or chewy (gator bites) or simply not very appetizing. We tried about 5 items and really nothing stood out. :( I give the food 2 stars but the restaurant itself closer to 4. We'll split the difference and call it a 3 star review just on the edge of "Meh - I've had better."
This place is just fantastic! The service was good, the food is great as is comes out randomly for a maximum social experience of sharing and grazing.  We were entertained by music, dancers, live painters and a magician.  The menu even included choices just for the kids.  For an International Drive restaurant, the prices were also reasonable.   I recommend Cafe' Tu Tu Tango for family outings and date nights as well.
Every I go to Fl, I have to stopby here when time allows.  However never... never come on a Fri or Sat night.  You will not find a seat and you might not get the attention of your waiter at all... So I only go on other nights and it is great.  I never have to wait, the food is good although price has gone up a little...  We were 3 and they suggests to order 7 dishes but actually 5 was the right amount.  They have some good (but very sugary) desserts but nothing to wow for as it looks like they just buy it from the outside.   I definitely like the duck confit and many other dishes that I can't recall right now.  The restaurant is also decorated with many paintings on sale (kinda pricey but I'm not an art expert), with someone dancing (belly dancing or tango), some stands for taro card reading, painters painting.  It is very interesting and recommend to go at least once.
I had a wonderful time at this place. The concept of small dishes to share is so fun and everything was so delicious! The entertainment was exciting, although I have to say it was pretty loud in there. I went with a an old group of friends for a get together and it was a little difficult to catch up over all the drumming and clapping; however, it was nice to see everyone there having a great time. I will definitely be back, but will plan to pre-game because the drinks were a little too pricey.
First time here for a birthday and I love this place. The food is a bit small since its a tapas restaurant but great nonetheless. The African drum trio that comes around is light-hearted and fun to listen. The menu has many choices and the craft beer selection is good as well. Great place to bring friends and socialize. Also get the server Dana...she rocks!
We were here on Friday night June 11,2010.  Food was great and the enviroment excellent! But we had to wait for a table about 2 hours.
One of my favorite Orlando restaurants so far. Cozy, artist loft feel; super friendly staff, and even patrons. And best of all, very interesting unique menu w/ lots of reasonably priced tapas-style items. Tried their famous alforno roasted pears -  it was incredible! The crispy homemade pecan crisp; sweet pear, tangy balsamic, peppery arugula, and creamy, salty blue cheese - what an explosion if flavors and textures - wow! Also had the Michelangelo Mojito w/ muddled lime and strawberries (only soda; no sprite to make it less sweet), and it was perfect. Cafe Tu Tu will definitely be a tradition on any future trips to Orlando!
I've been here 3 times and I think that was 1 time too many. The food is not great and not worth the money.   Not any place I want to eat again. I tried the alligators bites and there were fried and greasy. Nothing on the menu says there are breaded and fried. What a waste of money!!  The roast pears were better but I was so turned off my the 2 nasty mojitos (dragon berry and original), the fried alligator bites and my bf's short glass of wine that it wasn't enough to make me want to go back. The first 2 times I went here I wanted to try to mojitos but didn't until time #3.  I ordered dragonberry because of the server's recommendation.  It tasted like bad candy to me.  But I drank it and then ordered a plain mojito.  This time it was too strong and I asked if more simple syrup could be added. She said sure and that she would add simple syrup and Sprite.  But before I could protect the Sprite, she was off to the bar.  When I got it, all I tasted was the Sprite.  I don't like soda not do I want it added to my drink.  I realized that's why I didn't like the 1st one.  The Sprite made it taste fake.  I sent it back b/c for me it was undrinkable. The artwork does make a fun atmosphere but I just can't justify the money spent on marginal food and bad drinks again.
Amazing atmosphere and service. Entertainment dining, for sure! A palm reader, local art for purchase, live band, and artist on-site. This place is appetizer dining at its finest. No need to order more than 2 appetizers per person. Must try: Cajun shrimp, beef kabobs, and the chicken egg rolls. Oh, and the beer selection is wonderful. Try the blueberry wheat.
Love this place,  food is amazing,  ambiance,  and great service.   Go there at least 2x per month and had always had a pleasant experience.
This is one of Orlando's rare gems- a non-touristy, non-large-chain restaurant with an inspired and tasty menu. We have tried nearly everything on the menu with very few duds (the hummus is terribly boring hummus) and many highs (the banana pizza? Delish!) I recommend arriving early enough to avoid the parking nightmare on weekends!
Food is amazing anything you order = perfect. Only thing i didn't like was price of drinks (geared toward tourist prices) so EAT as much as you can and get your drinks somewhere else for cheap! Good atmosphere, friendly staff - amazing food!!
I admit it, I am not a fan of chain restaurants, which is why we were so pleased to find this awesome tapas restaurant in Orlando! Eric our waiter steered us to the right number of dishes and was very helpful. The shrimp and grits with Manchego  cheese were delicicious, but my favorite was the duck confit salad on flatbread! The menu has me hoping to get back here on my next trip to Orlando. And did I mention the flights of beer? Good choices abound here, it was a great find!
I ate here last night.  I used to think that the food was good here.  I am not sure anymore.  The atmosphere is nice and there is tons of art on the walls.  There are even artists painting and selling while you eat.  The artwork goes from around $70 to $800.   I ordered two things that I ate at a previous visit.  The Bang Bang Shrimp $11 and Empanadas $7.  The shrimp was good while the empanadas were lacking in flavor. The last time I ordered them they were 5 smaller ones with a great cheese sauce.  This time 2 regular sized ones with sour cream.   The black bean soup $3 was good but had a mysterious stick in it? The tuna tower $7 was just so-so.  My boyfriend and I spent $50 here and I was still hungry when I left.  Save your money for the artwork.
OK - I have old ears and really thought the music was too loud, but this place is great! Especially after days of Disney food. Remember it's Tapas so order to share with others or to sample several things. The sangria is wonderful (red and white).
This place came recommended by a friend.  It was a fun atmosphere.  I liked all the artwork that was for sale on the walls.  And they had a few artists doing painting lives which was neat to watch while waiting for our table.  The tapas style was fun because we got to try all different things.  Favorite food dish was the Dynamite Shrimp.  A must!!!  And my favorite dessert was the cheesecake pops!!!  My only complaint was the noise level was pretty high.
Do you want to Tu Tu Tango? I always want to Tu Tu Tango! I always bring my out of town friends here, and they always love it and get jealous. My favorite meal is the Cajun Chicken Eggrolls, the Hummus and the Sangria... They not only have the traditional red and white sangria, they have four flavored sangria's as well. Usually a pitcher leaves two people feeling very nice, a group of six with two pitchers is pretty perfect. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the crocodile bites, but i think because I knew what it was! I'm a fan of the flaming cheese, any of their pizza's, the lamb chops, most of their seafoods.... The entertainment is great too, on weekend nights they have performers which might seem creepy, but half naked women dancing at your table is actually quite fun!
Food was good and the ambiance was very good.  Fun place to go and have a good time
Fun, tasty and great times. We had went there on a Saturday night and the wait was 45 minutes or so which flew by pretty quickly. Pictures, art, artist, interesting people... We sat down and the server said order 1-2 per person so we ordered 4 plates. Oh my, was everything so good! After we ordered 2 deserts. While this was happening we saw a few birthdays and bachlorette parties happening and fire blowers along with a dance floor. Even if it wasnt for all the controlled craziness going down, the food was outstanding and I will be coming back.
OH BOY! This was a treat!  The guys at the front desk of our place mentioned this restaurant and when we heard about the belly dancer, we thought we'd take in the show.   It is a real artsy fartsy type of place.  I say that in a good way.  We are talking real artist.  As you walk in there is a table with an easel and an artist hard at work. We sat all the way in the corner by the window as the place is very loud.  We were a party of 6 and had enough food for 10. Tapas, small dishes of food to be shared. Skip the flatbread, not worth it. Duck confit salad.  Let me  repeat.  DUCK CONFIT SALAD.  It comes on top of a pita? Delicious.  And enough for a whole entrée if you come just with your significant other. The spare ribs, dynamite shrimp et al were very good and passed around several times. And the banana pizza for desert is not to be missed..in my humble opinion.  But only get this if you have more than 2 people..   The belly dancer.........................now that is a belly dancer.  The one we saw is only here 3 times a week.  She is 55? Years old and looks like she is 40.  And she has the body of an Ali Baba genie.  Really buff. She is a wonderful dancer and entices you up to shake along with her. If she is finished passing your table and starting in another part of the restaurant, get up and take your camera and follow her. She does a great dance with the wine glasses on the top of her head. The place was cool, the food was good, and the entertainment great. Whew,  I'm finished.
Fun atmosphere and live music.  Mediocre food but great late night specials make this a fun spot on the tourist friendly International Drive area.  Nice selection of reasonably priced tapas that were good, not great, but for the price it's worth stopping by.
I'm surprised by some of the fairweather reviews because I thought this place was fantastic! They have an innovative menu and each dish was absolutely delicious and executed perfectly. My friend and I split the Greek briami (a deconstructed baked lasagna), the mini tango monte cristo (which consisted of prosciutto, maple bacon, gruyere cheese, and other ingredients pressed in a delightful brioche toast), shrimp and grits, and the banana pizza (cinnamon flatbread topped with streusal, fresh bananas, and the most diviiiiine caramel gelato I've ever tasted). It was the absolute perfect meal. I loved every bite! Of note, these dishes appeared on what was their special/seasonal menu so I can't guarantee they will be available at your visit. With that being said, this visit gave me a lot of confidence in this chefs at this place and will go back the next time I'm in Orlando without hesitation. I was originally thinking 4 stars but want to compensate for some of what I consider unfair reviews. This place is so much more than "A-Ok."
When someone told me the place we were going for dinner was going to have artists painting and whatnot I was expecting some hipster hotspot type place. Fortunately I was way off. Cafe Tu Tu Tango is packed with delicious small plates, while more expensive for the portion size, is flavor packed and great for sharing around the table. The restaurant has alot of energy and has random small performances very frequently throughout the night. The walls are lined with dozens original works which if I recall correctly are all for sale. Each of the appetizer sized dishes are around $8-9 each and if you get two might be enough to count as a  fairly small dinner. A majority of the 10 or so I tried had a slight kick/spiciness to them but just enough to be good. Dips such as their hummus and spinach dips are very good, even when you have to use a spoon when the other chip or break like mediums have all disappeared into the stomachs of the surrounding piranhas. I have heard the original red sangria is very tasty and WILL eventually return to try it along with some delicious offering from their menu.
The food is delicious here. everything we ordered was good. It's ok for kids but I don't really recommend it because the servings are typically for two. The ambiance is great. Our server could have been more attentive. I recommend this place to everyone.
The inside decor of the restaurant is very unique and funky and I enjoyed looking at all the paintings while waiting for the food to come.   Their BBQ Guava rib was delicious and a must try.  We also had the dynamite shrimps, which was also great.  The banana pizza was okay.  If you like banana and caramel you will definitely like it.  To me, it was a little too sweet.  The ice cream melts really fast too so you better hurry up!  The pizza dough was really good so next time I would try their regular pizza.   The service was good.  We had 3 tapas and 1 dessert for 2 and it came out around $40 before tip.
What a disappointment! We ordered the grilled guava bbq glazed ribs, Cajun chicken egg rolls, Southwest chicken flatbread, picadillo empanadas, calamari, and the creme brulee. The sauce on the the ribs was way too acidic. It lacked the guava flavor it was suppose to have and it had tons of the terrible tasting sauce. The egg rolls were soggy and soaked with frying oil....yuck! They had too much going on inside of them. Sometimes less is more! The calamari was soggy. Some pieces of the calamari were salty while other pieces were flavorless. The flatbread had many scorched pieces. The edible pieces were not any better. The picadillo was not spicy as it says on the menu.....it was crazy HOT!  The brulee was not worth writing about.... really nothing special. I was so looking forward to a great experience instead it left a horrible taste in my mouth. The service was was just as bad. Mind you, there were only 5 occupied tables when we were there. Our server forgot our napkins and we had to flag him down for drinks. I will NOT be returning even if the decor is cute! I must admit the decor is cute, reminds me of Soho or the LES in NYC.
Great vibe and great small plates! Prices are reasonable at around $8 per plate. I will be going back whenever I'm in the area!
The originality of the environment already had me giving it 5 stars. Not to mention, this isn't your normal Applebee's or TGIF's where you just sit down and order food. It really is an environment to spark conversation and create an open environment with your friends or whoever you meet there. First off, the food is a tapas style of service. They have a lot of small portioned plates that are meant to be shared or at least enjoyed thoroughly and not scarfed down like a burger. I got the seared salmon mini burgers and the tango alligator bites. Although these 2 plates came out to $16, the price was well worth it. The ingredients and presentation by Chef Sawyer are on point because both share creates aspects in tastes and style. I'm not sure how gator is supposed to taste, but it wasn't my favorite dish. Not only was the meat's consistency a cross between chicken and squid but I'm not too fond of the overpowering horseradish sauce as well. But it's definitely something you need to try with the novelty of gator meat being available in Florida. The seared salmon was pretty on point, the patty itself was a little less seared than anticipated and had the texture of a tuna salad but still had the ability carry so much flavor. Even though the lightness is what made it less "slider" feeling, it also helped give quality to the salmon that made it very delicious. MOST OF ALL, the environment did the trick for me. I feel as if food always tastes better depending on where you eat and with whom you eat (including your servers). The feel of the restaurant is very "New York loft/ art exhibit" feel which is something new and super cool. They have artwork all around the store which is available for purchase. With the addition of an actual artist painting something in the store as you eat. Plus they give it a hipster feel with open window panes, cross color coordination, and random accents such as a wall covered in vines or off balanced picture frames. This tagged along with the slight industrial feel AND tarot card readings made this place super cool for me. It's always a plus too when your servers are friendly and very time efficient. This place deserves more than 5 stars, but it'll have to do for now.
Love this place!!! Local artist are there painting & all the artwork (including what's on the wall) is for sale. Visited twice & had impeccable service both times. Servers, Chantal & Alex were super friendly & gave great suggestions on their favorite dishes. Also, they were quite knowledgeable about the history of the restaurant. Now about the food... AMAZING is the only word I can use for the tapas style dishes.  The roasted pears on pecan crisps might be the most mouthwatering thing I've ever eaten. Also, I'm not usually a fan of restaurant mac & cheese, but the jalepeño mac & cheese is incredible! I would also recommend the oriental steak skewers w/ udon noodles & also the dynamite shrimp.   The drinks were decent but not great. The jalepeño margarita was definitely interesting. I would it order it again. My only regret is not getting a chance to visit the restaurant at night. I hear they have flamenco & belly dancers. Sounds like a good time.   I just pray they open a location in the Miami/ Ft Lauderdale area!!
Great place to hang out, enjoy some appetizers with that special someone or a group of friends.
4.5 stars! I like the atmosphere. Very cool paintings and even a tarot card lady! Some of my favorites: The coconut mojito. Mango tango. The michaelangelo. Food: Pork belly sliders Pear bleu cheese on pecan crisps (ordered a second round) Chicken wings (can't remember the name but it came with cornbread). Some others that were decent: Dynamite shrimp Oxtail and risotto Steak skewers with cold soba noodles There was also a lady who did a hula hoop performance in front of us! Pretty awesome. Price was about 120 without tip.
Interesting food, not cheap, but worth the final tab. Four of us had drinks and tapas for $75. All was good including the Japaleno Mac & Cheese, Short Ribs and the hit of the party the Chocolate Calzone. Not tapas in the traditional sense of Spanish Bar Bits but rather small plates that you are encourage to share. The outdoor patio is open seating while inside reservations are recommended. Across the street Tony Roma's is cheaper but with lots less character. This is much more date friendly.
Anyone can get something great to eat here! Our favorites were the Alforno Roasted Pears, Langostino Mac N Cheese, Pork Cuba Libre & finished with a fantastic Almond Flan (out of this world delicious). We had a reservation, but it just meant priority seating. It was 9:30, so we found a spot at the bar so we didn't wait long. The walk up wait time was 1.5 hours on a Saturday. The bartenders are fabulous and made the meal even better with the helpful conversations & were extremely attentive. The place is covered in various art works and several artist were there working on pieces. The place dies down a small bit about 10:30, but in general it is always lively and stimulating. I would not suggest bringing small children. This is a must if you are in O-town!
What a silly, silly place. Someone's imagination just exploded all over this property and you know, I like it. Between the multiple kitchens, random painters putting together new works in the dining room, and a fire dancer, I really don't understand how this place could be more over the top. On the whole, the food is very solid. The dynamite shrimp have a delightful crisp to them and the picadillo empanadas are strong. I wasn't big on the Cajun chicken egg rolls but hey, can't win 'em all. This is definitely an above-average dinner spot if you find yourself in the midst of theme-park land.
This seems like by far the best option in this heinously touristy area. Though to be fair I was trapped here for a conference, I know other people actually enjoy this sort of environment... The place was packed and had great energy on a Thursday night. I would definitely make a reservation unless you want to wait. I had just flown in and so sat at the bar alone, but was immediately adopted by several friendly people also sitting at the bar. It wasn't in the least bit awkward to be alone, which always earns a restaurant big points in my book as it is suggestive of the overall vibe of the place. The space was unique with big wood tables and local art hanging on the walls. There was somebody actually painting in the foyer. The cocktails were okay, I had a watermelon special something and it was  a bit watered down. They had a few interesting looking sangrias and mojitos on the menu, but surprisingly it was more wine heavy than crazy cocktails, which I liked. The food was better than I expected, and comes out very quickly. They call themselves a tapas bar, but the serving sizes were more like something between tapas and full entree. Definitely be aware that they do not do Spanish tapas, its very American food with an emphasis on local flavors. I had the roasted pear w/ pecan cracker and arugula (a unique and delicious twist on a common pairing, but kind of sweet for an entree), and some kind of deep friend spicy shrimp dish (also good, could have been spicier). My kind neighbors shared their alligator bites (spicey and delic-my favorite item), ribs (good but sauce not very complex), and some steak on a stick (flavorful, a little chewy). The waitress/bartender was attentive despite being completely slammed, it was definitely a cut above the usual being stuck eating at the bar rather than a table experience. Overall this place probably deserves 5 stars if I'm comparing to  other local eats, but thats not how I write my Yelp reviews.
Art was cool - food was good, but a bit pricey considering its tapas style.
One of the best restaurants on I-Drive. But it's always loud, overcrowded, and it's still a chain. Very touristy. Not my recommendation.
This place is quite unique and interesting. Starting with the ambiance, it is really neat.  Local artists post their artwork all over the restaurant.  There was actually an onsite artist as well painting some wooden eggs.  There were also artwork you can buy there as well along with some handmade goods.  I really like the vibe of place since I'm into art deco. On to the food! The food was really special.  There were interesting combos that complemented very well with each other. The presentation was nice! Of course, it has to be artisticly pleasing on the plate since it is an artsy place! If I can remember correctly I had the crab chopsticks, real alligator poppers, this one fried wrap thing (which was super good- can't remember the name), etc.  Most of them were really good.  I think this place has Cuban flavors to it.. Well DUH it is in FL!! If you want to try something really different, then this is the place to go! Oh yeah, and service is good and attentive.
We loved the atmosphere of this place! Local artists, bellydancers, music and enthusiasm all in one place! The small plates were awesome... we got the pepperoni pizza, beef empanadas, short ribs, fried gator nuggets, mac and cheese and more! All was very good and I totally recommend the passion fruit sangria!
Make sure you share a bit of everything.  It is my favorite place for a family and friend celebration such as my birthday :)
Great tapas. Cajun egg roles are a must. Loses a star for the weak drinks. Stick to beer.
Wow!!  I love this place!  Their tapas can serve one person quite nicely.  I had the "A La Plancha Seafood Skewers."   The flavors just melt in your mouth - bit of lemon, a bit of avocado, and a buttery flavor.  I would definitely go back.  The service was great as well - ask for Wesley - he's the best.  Very attentive.  I also enjoyed the live music and artwork on display.
Not bad but nothing to rave about either. The concept is interesting and a lot of fun but there are some shortcomings that really keep the place from being a home run. If it were just a little quieter. If it was just a little less hectic. They're definitely going for the casual, artsy vibe and I understand that. I'm just not sure why it can't be done in a way that still allows conversation over dinner. Or feeling confident someone knows you're there. The food was good but given the size/price, I left feeling like I overpaid for what I received. Love the appetizer sized portion idea, having communal dishes, and many different things to try. But overall the experience is brought down because we couldn't relax and really enjoy our dinner. Our whole table also felt like we paid a lot for food that was good and fun, but not great. I recommend going for happy hour, if you only want a drink or two and one or two dishes to snack on. But their 'two dishes per person' rule of thumb racks up the cost of the bill pretty quickly and the food just wasn't that great.  Not a place for true dinner, in my opinion.
This is a tapas place but not as an extensive menu as "real tapas" the food is not bad how ever. Had several dishes that were tasty. The goat cheese platter, the tuna, shrimp and Korean skewers were all tasty. Not great but good, no "wow" factor here. The service was on the slow side, even for drinks. sangria is not bad, but again nothing to write home about. It is very noisy here and as surprising amount of kids. It is an artsy decor inside with a lot of local art on the wall and they have a few artists working whilst you dine. Music is loud as well. It's a fun place and a great alternative to all the chains around this part of Orlando catering to the vacation crowd. I may return here in the future but it will not be at the top of my list as there are so many other places worth trying.
This was my first experience with tapas. It's real gypsy-feeling in there which sets a cool vibe. The art is interesting and I like the belly dancers at night. A fun place to be that doesn't emphasize anything about about theme parks.
I feel like being generous for this review. I was in a really good mood when I visited, and my experience here was pretty awesome. My sister and I stopped by this establishment the day after we ran a half marathon at Disney World. Granted, we had a ton of tapas and drinks after the race at the post-race party, but I guess we wanted more tapas! When we pulled up to the restaurant, I noticed the eclectic decor, the blasting music, and the open feel of the seating arrangements. This isn't your quiet, intimate eatery. This place is social and energized, just the type of environment I need to wake me up on a Sunday mid-morning brunch. My sister and I sat out on their patio. It was spacious and open and just had a very hipster vibe to it. We looked through the menu and decided on getting: Picasso Punch for her - very fruity, pineapple, orange cocktail Bloody Mary for me - savory tomato, liked the amount of heat to it Alligator Jambalaya - spicy little dish with tons of meat! Smokey, and fragrant. Grilled Guava BBQ Glazed Pork Ribs - not as tender as I would have liked, but packed full of sweet flavor from the guava. Definitely finger-lickin' good. Picadillo Empanadas - this is actually on the spicier side. The heat creeps up on you with each delicious bite. The meat was well seasoned and the pastry portion of the dish was light and crisp. Duck and Chicken Confit Quesadilla - not your typical quesadilla. This was oozing with cheesy goodness with a good amount of duck and chicken. The dipping sauce tied everything together. Alforno Roasted Pears - I would call this a savory dessert. Definitely enjoyed the caramelization on the pears. The blue cheese was pungent enough to cut through the sweetness of the fruit and the arugula was a hearty enough green to withstand all the strong flavors. If you're in the area and are looking for a fun, entertaining place to dine I would highly recommend stopping by. Service is on the more relaxed side, so just sit back, enjoy the music, surround yourself with good company, and savor the food.
Great food and atmosphere. My 13 year old son loved the alligator and calamari. The albondigas were awesome and the steak skewers were really tender and flavorful. Great dessert menu. Lots of different beers and a pretty impressive wine list. I travel a lot for business and have a rule - no chain restaurants or hotel food. It's great places like this that make traveling fun. And when you can find them on vacation - and your teenager likes the food - SCORE! The atmosphere is loud but casual and fun (did I mention the roving belly dancers?)  Service was excellent. Our server Lex was on top of everything and really understood the menu, which is always important at a tapas joint. Great crowd mix, including lot's of families. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone that wants a change of pace with great food.
A really neat place that serves all different styles of food with a great atmosphere.   The sangria are delicious and the tapas sized entrees are especially tasty.   You are guaranteed a unique dinning experience!
My dad and his girlfriend turned us on to this place. It's a great, lively spot to go to with friends. We ordered a bunch of different things and loved sharing it all. We were also very pleasantly surprised when the bill came around didn't break the bank!
Our server, Russel, was friendly and efficient. Food was delicious at best and interesting at worst... I don't expect to love everything that I order, but I had a lot of fun ordering from such a variety of unique dishes. Our favorites were Beef Empanadas, Chimichurri steak skewers, and goat cheese timbale. We also had rocky road cookie pizza for dessert, which was both disgusting and yummy at the same time. Atmosphere was fun, energetic, and unique. Having local artists' work for sale was the cherry on the sundae! Even better, some of the artists were there, actually painting while we ate dinner.
The best place ever!  You need to experience it for yourself to understand how great the place is for yourself.
Had a reservation in advance but they took a while to seat us. The music is way too loud and I felt like I had to scream to my friends and it took a while for a server to get to us, the server, (John P.), didn't recommend any dishes to our table just said to get 1 or 2 appetizers... Most of the dishes were ok. None were great. When done with most of our food, the plates piled up and it took about 15 minutes to get cleared off the table. After the meal no desserts were recommended. To add, the braised short ribs and chimichurri steak were quite flavorful.
This restaurant was pretty much right across the street from our hotel so I chose it based largely on location and the reviews I've read here.  Overall I was not overwhelmed by the food.  The atmosphere and service were OK but not outstanding.  I would not characterize this as a tapas bar in my mind.  The selection of tapas was not great and the flavor was not there.   The one dish that stood out was the duck confit salad.  I was not sure about this when we first ordered it but based on the reviews I'd read, decided to give it a try.  It was great!  Dressed spring greens with duck, creamy goat cheese, nuts and blueberries served over a cripy flatbread.  I would think of it as having the croutons on the bottom of the salad rather than the top.  Taste was great and the texture was wonderful. The other stuff we ordered was ehh, not great but not bad either: - spiced alligator bites, crispy but not very flavorful, kind of like popcorn chicken - chili lime marinated chicken - ok but the corn pudding that came with out just did not fit with the dish - chimmichurri stea - not very flavorful - ALBONDIGAS MANZO IL MAIALE (meatballs), ordinary, nothing special. I would have liked a cooked vegetable dish, which I've had some great ones as tapas restaurants.  But it appears, besides the salads, vegetables were not high on the list for inclusion in the menu. Besides the salad, the one surprise was the banana bread pudding.  I don't even like dessert most of the time and we inhaled this bread pudding.  Not too sweet, not too heavy.  It was perfect!
Amazing food! Try the the sopa de leon and the argentinian style orange chimmichurri steak. It will make you want to slap yo mama.
Decided to come here after a day's walk through Megacon and needed to chow down on a place near by and I've got to say that we definitely made the right choice. It is advised that you do make reservations especially during the time we were going (7pm) but once we got there we had a choice to wait for a table or have our chances for self outdoor/bar seating. Yeah, our stomach growled out for the bar seating which had led us to our absolute sweet heart server/bartender, Cristy! She took care of us immediately. The menu is set up for your taste buds to experience different appetizers, small plates, and flat bread pizzas. Of course, we decided to hit up most of the small plates. We had their Spiced Alligator Bites, which don't be so hesitant, it's just like popcorn chicken! Dipped in their key lime mustard it had an addicting kick to it. Next was the Mediterranean Marinated Olives and Feta, this had the perfect blend of when feta meets salt. Then there was the Grilled Malta-Guava BBQ Glazed Pork Ribs. Sweet as you could first imagine it to be and the ribs were done well, not fall off the bone per say though none were left to spare. We saw that the Jalapeño Mac & Cheese were a crowd favorite which didn't have as much spiciness to it as we expected and I'd hope for more pancetta next time but as a mac & cheese, it was good. Lastly we had the Pork Belly Reuben with Fennel, which would be the most tasteful plate besides the marinated olives we had tonight. Keep in mind that we were filling our stomachs to the brim by the last reuben but it was too good to pass up the last bite. No, we didn't get to make it to dessert tonight but surely there WILL be a next time for this place for sure. The place was heavily decorated with different artwork and even got to witnessed a live light up hula hoop show in the center of the restaurant!
I've been here a few times and it has yet to disappoint. Many different types of tapas and always very flavorful.   It's a fun and bright atmosphere, but it can sometimes be a bit too much or a bit too loud. Tapas are meant to be small servings but some are smaller than expected for the price.   Good place for a date or a meal out with friends.
First off, I must admit that my wife and I love tapas. So I guess we are positively biased towards tapas bars and restaurants. That being said, I think I know good tapas when I see and taste them. Café Tu Tu Tango is a wonderful oasis in a sea of mediocre fast food, and so-so outlet stores on International Drive in Orlando. We hit it early on a Friday evening during happy hour. The two for one drinks and $3 appetizers were delicious, and a good value. The sangria I ordered came with plenty of fruit and plenty of kick. We only got a glimpse of the artwork and funky, colorful décor on the inside. Instead, we chose to enjoy the warm evening, and people watching on their covered patio. The service was fast, and friendly, and the food was delicious. This was such a nice change from the high priced, more formal hotel/convention restaurant scene. It seemed to be popular with the locals as well as us I-drive transients.  All in all, I would say this place is well worth it. I will gladly come back and bring my friends and colleagues next time I'm in town.
AWESOME! Pricey for the portions, but I don't even care because the food and atmosphere is worth it. I came here for a friend's birthday and we had a pretty large group. They quickly accommodated us, and had us sitting at this gorgeous wooden table that looked like something straight out of Game of Thrones. Their Sangria and Mojitos are excellent and their food is even better. I tried a little bit of everyone's dish - we were all sharing (which is the point of this place) - and I couldn't get enough. I ordered the Jalapeno Macaroni and Cheese and the Argentinaean Style Orange Chimmichurri Steak - TOO GOOD FOR WORDS. My friends ordered pizzas, chicken, etc. and they were all just as good. Our waitress was awesome, she handled our large group entirely by herself and she was very attentive, funny, and friendly - our tip was included in the final check but we all gave her an additional tip for her excellent service. We all work in the service industry, so we know how much extra tips are appreciated. The decor and music were great, there was a little band walking around and playing at tables at one point as well. Too cute. I'm not a huge fan of International Drive just because, as a local, it comes off as cheesy and touristy to me but Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a gem. Check it out. xx MJ
The atmosphere is an A+ for sure.  So fun and vibrant - a great place for a night out with friends.  There was a tarot card reader, an African drum beat group, fantastic art, open kitchens - it really was entertaining. We ordered: * Tostadas - Awesome.  The best thing we ate all night. * Empanadas - meh. * Flatbread (SW Chicken) - meh. * Jalapeno Mac and Cheese - yummy, not very spicy * Cajun Chicken Egg Rolls - did not like.  The flavors do not go together at all. * Philly Cheesesteak Sliders - pretty good! * Hummus - ok.  It's hummus. (We reviewed the online menu in advance and really wanted to try the White Bean, Sun Dried Tomato and Artichoke Spread, but it wasn't on the current menu) My friend had red sangria and commented multiple times that it was delicious (I had wine and another friend had whiskey).  The restaurant has multiple kitchens - different areas making different things.  Our food came out so fast from all over - it was quite nice. So the food didn't measure up to the impressive menu...it's not a lost cause by any means, but it would sure be mindblowing if the food was revamped (to reiterate: the food itself, not the menu).  I recommend it for great drinks and a fun time, but unfortunately, not for a good foodie experience.
What wonderful food and service! Firecracker shrimp and Asian beef kabobs were excellent.
I went there for my birthday and I had a great time. Service was a bit slow but food was great.
We loved Café Tu Tu Tango was exactly what we wanted! I am a vegetarian (still eat fish though) and my sister has dietary restrictions and there were actually a lot of options. The restaurant serves small plates, which is a nice change from the deep fried Texas portions of most restaurants on International Drive--which is great for if you're traveling on a budget. If you do drink, they have a godly strawberry mojito that was light and refreshing (I'm not typically a drinker but I probably could've had 6 of these to my face). They also have passion fruit sangria which was also delightful, not icky sweet like a lot of sangria. Our waitress was a sweetheart and the whole atmosphere was very artsy. There were even artists that work on pieces in the restaurant and they usually have live entertainment--when we went there was a belly dancer. They also have fresh and all locally sourced ingredients. All in all, if you're going with little kids, this isn't the place for you. But if you want a unique, local experience, this is the place for you!
loved them pizza!!!! their food was wonderful.
This place was incredible. Wonderful food, awesome atmosphere with a belly dancer and taro card reader. The food is tapas, but not the typical Spanish tapas. They were more of a Mediterranean meets Florida cuisine. Each plate for around $10. We will definitely be back on our next visit to Portland.
First, the good: my waiter was mostly attentive though I did have to wait for drinks a couple of times, but he kindly apologized when he realized five minutes later that he'd forgot to bring my water back. The place is super fun looking, and I loved the lights and hanging windows as separation. Now the not so good: It wasn't until I got here and saw the sign outside that I realized that this was going to be a theme restaurant. I thought the art and the cuisine were just extra layers of flavor. But then I got handed a hard "painter's palette (The "Masterpiece Drinks") with the special drinks on them: listed on different printed splotches of paint. I should have known when I asked for a mojito and was given only two choices, of strawberry and dragonfruit or something, that even a regular mojito wouldn't be up to par. But I was completely unprepared for just how saccharine it was. I expect that there must have been some rum in it, but it tasted like artificial sugar or some mojito-flavored wine cooler. For my second drink, I made sure to go safe: gin and soda, which was much better. As for the food, my starter was terrible. I ordered the poached pear special (not the pears from the regular menu) which had sherry-poached pears, arugula, fried garbanzo beans and a pecan/black truffle-covered ball of goat cheese. It was a mess of flavor that was difficult to choke down, especially since it came with no dressing at all, except for a tiny drizzle of balsamic on one side of the salad. The second dish I got was the Dynamite Shrimp. I asked to get it without pancetta (to be pesca-friendly), but sadly it was covered in the tiny bits nonetheless. I tried my best to eat around them, and the shrimp was actually very good. Perfect texture and great level of spice. Would I go back? Probably not. The shrimp was the best part of the whole experience, but the pears were abysmal and very confused in their execution. If the drinks were made with better ingredients, they could be really phenomenal, but overall I think they're trying to do too much. And it shows.
The food here is absolutely delicious. Tried the hummus (spicy but good), roasted pears (sweet and savory), guava ribs (tangy and fell off the bone), mac and cheese (salty, but good flavor). I had the passion fruit sangria which was very refreshing, and the rocky road pie for dessert - amazing. I can't rave enough about the food. Our server was friendly. The only thing I didn't like is that some point in the evening they turned the music up on blast and it was impossible to talk to my dining companion.
Ok so I have to admit, first I gave this place 4 stars because, I am a fan but had a difficult time when comparing the food to the other restaurants in the area. But then I noticed the difficulty in stating whether I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food, or the drinks more and that's when I realized "This place has it all!" So five stars it was. The place is amazing. The food is filled with an exotic array of sweet, tangy, and spicy flavors with a presentation that will blow your socks off. The atmosphere is fun,with live artists who paint in front of you, psychics who will read your palm, and all sorts of other things to satisfy your sense of adventure. Cafe Tu Tu Tango is by far a place where you won't be disappointed in anything.
Love,  love,  love the artsy, laid back environment here. Dynamite shrimp, cajun eggrolls, smoked salmon sliders, flatbread is creatively presented and tastes amazing as usual. Paired our apps up with a glass bottle of sangria and we were complete.  There's a couple to choose from but we opted for passionfruit & mango+peach white base. Overall,  TuTu Tango's tapas style food is fun & has yet to let down our crowd.
The food here is amazing!   The Alforno roasted pears is delicious, probably my all time favorite. I could have ate 2 plates of these by myself instead of sharing.  The Guava basted Ribs are very tender and tasty also.  The 3 adults in my group were satisfied with 5 main dishes and a dessert.  Plenty to share for a small to medium appetite.  Otherwise you might want to order 3-4 plates per person.  Definitely will go back again.
I have come to TTT for years now, and I have had varied experiences. On my most recent trip, I felt like I had the opportunity to experience the TTT to which I was originally introduced.   For those who have been here before, it is worth noting that, I believe, the chef has changed. With the new chef, the food has improved in quality and complexity while maintaining the signature tapas portioning. However, for those expecting Spanish food, one will only notice a hint of traditional Spanish cuisine, so it is important to manage your expectations when you approach the TTT experience.   One noteworthy dish from my most recent experience was the jalapeño mac and cheese. Although I wanted it to have more heat, the blend if cheeses worked well together, and the pasta was perfectly cooked.   Another remarkable dish was the "ruben" made with chicharron on a pretzel-bread bun. The creativity and flavors that this dish displayed made for an unexpected delight, and it is wonderfully portioned with three slider-sized sandwiches.   Finally, if you are a person into alligator, the alligator bites were the best I have ever had. The breading and texture resulting from the perfect frying of the pieces made the meat less calamari-like and more solid, which makes this experience with alligator more enjoyable and probably accessible to those who might have trepidation reptilian protein.  If you ask me, this is still a reasonably-priced option for great food and a unique overall experience.
Well this place was fun.  Our waiters were Guinn and Wesley. I know this because they both stamped my napkin and then my hand (upon my request). We looked over the menu and decided on four things but before we ordered Guinn gave a few suggestions and two of which we had already picked.  We got the spinach dip, the southwest egg rolls, the alligator bites and the tomato and goat cheese flatbread.  I liked everything but I probably wouldn't reorder the flatbread. It was fine just not to the level of the other three. We also got the red sangria, which was good. For dessert, we got the brownie sundae which was delicious. My only complaint about this place was the music for the belly dancer was too loud. I think the theory was to get your attention, but it is hard to see her when she isn't dancing right in front of you. So then you're trying to have a conversation over the music. But this is such a first world problem -  not really a big mark down for the restaurant.
Super place.  Lively, great staff, good food. A fun night
Great food and an ever changing menu. The atmosphere is very relaxed and comfortable and the service is quite good.
Great atmosphere except for that creepy belly dancer, dancing awkwardly by your table while you eat. This was where I had alligator for the very first time. It was chewy like gristle on a steak but fishy. Not bad, but probably not my go to seafood :). I also had the chimmimchurri steak which was tender and juicy.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango, International Drive, Orlando is the best!!! Awesome food, Sangria, and great service!! Wesley our waiter rocks!!!
I am not sure if it is the same here in the United States, but in the Philippines, if one were being shy or in too much of a hurry to say "I love you" to someone, it is quite common to say 1-4-3. It is because of this that I am choosing to write about Café Tu Tu Tango for my 143rd review. It was my birthday, and I did my research because I simply refused to have a blah dinner on a milestone celebration. I found them first on TripAdvisor and, being the avid Yelper that I am, I looked up the reviews here, which assured me that Café Tu Tu Tango is THE place to go to. And did they deliver! The atmosphere was truly festive -- eclectic and just...FUN. It was loud because of the clienteles' merriment but was never obnoxious. The art adorning the walls were simply marvelous, and the fire dancer performing was absolutely amazing.  Our waitress was very pleasant and when she found out that it was my birthday, she made sure that we had a great experience. It was perfect! We ordered the five cheese pizza, Mediterranean spinach dip (interesting flavor from the added feta cheese), chorizo al fuego (perfectly spiced that even my daughter was not bothered by the spiciness), grilled guava barbecue glazed pork ribs (good flavor, but a bit tough) pork belly Reuben, and jalapeño mac and cheese. All were very good, but the definite winners were the pork belly Reuben and the chorizo. After dinner, our waitress brought me a to die for cheesecake pop (NY-style cheesecake dipped in dark chocolate). It was just a great dinner. In love. Smitten. Enamored. Charmed. Enchanted. I am all these and more when it comes to Café Tu Tu Tango.
We have been here several times. It's a fun and different place to catch a bite. The food is usually good although the last few times it has been so-so. At night, they have 2-3 flamenco dancers dancing by the tables every few hours. It's entertaining and cool for guests from out of town. We have tried the argentinian steak skewers, the cajun chicken egg rolls, the tostones with ropa vieja, the dynamite shrimp, calamari and picadillo empanadas. I like the steak skewers the most. This is a very small serving and you'll want more of it so order two of those. The cajun chicken egg rolls I really like because they have goat cheese in them but for that same reason not everybody likes them. The tostones with ropa vieja are okay. The dynamite shrimp are good but SPICY. Calamari are decent. The empanadas need more manchego cheese. Sangria is just OK. Creme brulee is our dessert of choice here. They don't take reservations but have a "priority" list of some kind so you can call ahead and put your name down for a certain time. I've waited about 30 minutes even when I'm on this list.
I went here twice during my ten day trip. Everything was delicious but the Pork Belly Ruben (3 slider size sandwiches to an order) was heaven. Service was excellent on the first visit (late Wednesday evening) but was terrible on the earlier Friday evening (waiter was slow and drinks never refilled - food still came reasonably quick). Food and atmosphere are awesome. Inside could be a little too loud for some, outside seating seemed quieter. I would definitely come back.
Disclaimer:  I am not from Florida.  I like good food.   Beware the Yelp reviews of Orlando, where food in a garbage can is rated at 2 stars.  The average chain (yes McDs, Red Lobster) gets 3 to 4 stars!   I should have known better.. but this place sounded good and seemed like a local favorite.   Supposedly the story is that the owner went to Barcelona, and was taken by the vibrance of the city and the food.   After dining here, I think the owner went to Barcelona, visited the hard rock cafe and burger king, then went back the the holiday inn.   The menu here is a disaster of pizza, tapas, meatballs, seafood and other random items.  We ordered a number of items, all basically disappointing.   The rule is normally you want to do at least a few things well, sadly this place does lots of things, really bad.   Yes, there is art on the wall, its so crazy, wow, art.     +1 star for the super random lady painting right at the front door, she seemed interesting.   Orlando, you are a lost cause.
Although, the food was great and I hate to rate low due to that fact,the service was only worth 1 star. First of all I had to ask for water refills twice, which is annoying but forgivable. Our waitress continued to clear our table from directly over my sleeping newborns head, even after she saw my mother and I protecting her from the plates. She then proceeded to joke about edamames all over the baby. Dessert, took far to long to arrive and when we were ready to pay the bill the waitress was no were to be found. It took us 25 minutes and asking the hostess for our bill. Very disappointed, since this is one of my favorite places in the area.
My favorite restaurant period.  Im not one for big meals, and this place offers it exactly what I need with excellent tasting food.  Each meal is appetizer size so you order a bunch of different items to try and share with whomever it is you are with.  Plus, if you are into art, they have artists that create whatever type of work it is they specialize in right there.  If you want to go when it is more relaxed and not as crowded, I suggest going during the day time around 1 or so for lunch, but if you like crowds with lots going on, then go at night.
I think I have found my favorite restaurant in all of Orlando.  Café Tu Tu Tango has been a popular hot spot in the city since it opened in 1991 though I have never visited before now.  First of all, I had always thought this was a place just for the tourists due to its location on International Drive- oh how I was wrong. Cafe Tu Tu Tango.  Secondly, because until fairly recently I was never interested in the concept of tapas-style dining.  How many years I have wasted missing out. Tapas is the single greatest way to explore a large variety of dishes on the menu from dips to salads to soup to pizza to entrees- all without the huge commitment of a single larger entree.  We ordered so much food here I am just going to jump right into this..... First we tried the Black Bean Soup ($3).  This set the tone for the rest of the meal.  A fun bowl of black beans, peppers and rice topped with a dollop of cilantro sour cream.  Perfectly seasoned, plenty of black beans, not too thick, not too runny and a slight hint of cumin. One word.  Amazing. We also ordered the Spiced Rosemary Nuts ($4)- almonds, peanuts and walnuts tossed in a bit of honey with rosemary, cayenne pepper and cumin.  A little sweet, a little spicy...very tasty but definitely my least favorite dish (though not really a dish- more like a little snack sample.) Next up came my most favorite thing of all- the Alforno Roasted Pears ($7).  There are no words to describe this. Crumbled Bleu Cheese Arugula Roasted pears served on pecan crisps plated with arugula, blue cheese crumbles and a balsamic glaze.  The pears were incredibly perfect on the pecan crisps, but when paired with the blue cheese and spicy arugula they had so much flavor I think I had to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming.  Unbelievable.  No words. The Seared Salmon Mini Burgers ($8) were also a big hit with us.  These tiny little bite-size burgers were so tasty with the saltiness of the salmon and the sweetness of a chipotle mango sauce.  Seared Salmon Mini Burgers I have found very few places that can pull off a decent salmon burger but Café Tu Tu Tango really did a great job here.  The fish was meaty and a little salty (a good salty.)  Salmon always pairs so well with a sweet sauce and the spicy mango sauce was just perfect.  The burgers were served with a fingerling potato salad which rounded out the dish nicely. For the last of our "entrees" we ordered the A La Plancha Seafood Skewers ($10) by recommendation of our server. Avocado Grape Tomato Salad Shrimp, salmon, white fish and squash ribbons served on skewers with a sherry-blue cheese drizzle and an avocado-grape tomato salad.  Somewhere in all that I tasted fennel too which is normally not one of my favorite flavors but somehow it all worked together.  There was no skimping on the seafood here, the shrimp and pieces of fish were huge and cooked perfectly. As we were finishing our meal it started to rain- the real heavy Florida summer afternoon downpour so we did something we rarely do- we ordered a cup of hot Chai Tea and contemplated the dessert menu while we rode out the storm. Chai Tea Mug We had stuffed ourselves to the gills, however, I was so impressed with the presentation of everything I decided to order us each a Chocolate Covered Strawberry ($1.50 each) purely just to see how they plated it.  Honestly, I really wanted to order the Chocolate Dipped Cheesecake Lollipops ($7) which another table near us had ordered and it looked so inviting. Chocolate Strawberry I regret not bothering the table and asking for a bite (just kidding) but we were just so stuffed the strawberries were about all we could take.  Oh how fun.  Strawberries, dark chocolate and whipped cream.  No better way to end the best meal I have had in a long time. Café Tu Tu Tango has a starving artist theme to it.  Art pieces line the walls and everything is for sale.  An artist was sitting at a desk just inside the lobby area painting.  Art is the definite theme here but the food is the certainly the main act.  A very solid five out of five sprouts.
One of my favorite place to have a drink and nibbles! There is always something new on the menu to taste. The beef skewers are fantastic, and of course the Cajan eggrolls are delicious. Plus there are always artists working in house, and in the evening the dancers come out. The kids love it too, and since it is usually very noisy, they blend right in!
Great place to spend an evening. Small appetizer portions and great drinks (and beers). Friendly staff made sure our glasses were always full and our plates were ready to be replaced by something exciting.
Nothing to write home about.  I enjoy tapas style, but I expect to pay tapas prices, not the price of an entire meal.  Waitress was very good and we did enjoy the cheesecake pops.  Not my first choice out of the the chain restaurants of the I-Drive
The skewers of steak and noodles were one of the best. Really good spin dip, and the olives & artichoke hearts were delicious too. Everything we tried was better than expected and the original artwork is unique and varied. Even the walls are all covered with textures, tiles, artwork and interesting textures & vivid colors. Painters paint live here, too.
Peter our waiter gave us great recomendations. The  pear pecan appetizer was a deliciously great flavor combo. Thanks Leslie for introducing us.  The belly dancer was a treat (got a little video for facebook). Gotta try this one. Oh they chocolate cheezecake lollypops for dessert with the dark chocolate were rich and wonderful.
Fun place with a good atmosphere! Food is good and I enjoy that their stuff is made for sharing, so you get to try a lot of things. The only downside to this is it's sometimes difficult to gauge how much to order and it can be pricey. Overall, I've been here twice now and the combination of atmosphere and unique food dishes means I'll be going back eventually!
With 52 reviews before me, I'm not sure what else I could add. I will say that they have the best saganaki I have ever feasted upon. I had a steak taco dish as well, and the meat on that was very chewy, so -1 for that. I had never has crème brûlée before I went here, but I seriously giggled when I ate it. It was so good, it made me giddy. I would recommend this place to anyone. I wish I was in Florida more often so that I could dine here more.
Excellent food, atmosphere and completely unique.  I loved this place and the kids did too.  Refreshing change from all the chains on International.  Tapas were great!
Love this place.  I've had dinner here many times and the food is always delicious.  It's tapas style so you order a bunch of things to share.  The Dynamite Shrimp is by far my favorite thing on the menu, but there are tons of things that come close second.  You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu. I recently went for happy hour for the first time and I loved it!  You have to sit in the bar area in order to get the happy hour specials, so keep that in mind.  They have a special menu with 3 to 4 food items on it to pick from, everything being $3.00.  The happy hour food items change every week I believe so it's always something different.  The food specials run until 6:30 and then the drink specials run until 7:00 which are 2-4-1 Sangrias, beers and some of their other cocktails.  We had the red Sangria, which is really good. There were fire dancers that put on a show in the middle of the restaurant which was entertaining.  They also have tons of local art lining all of the walls, which is all for sale and changes often.  It's a very cool atmosphere.
yummo! The interior is so funky with original art all over the walls and stations for artists to work.   There was no wait on a Tuesday night, 7:30p during Spring Break... I tried the berry flavored white sangria -- delish and my companion had a mojito with frrrrresh mint that I took a slurp of and enjoyed as well. Its tapas style so we ordered a bunch o' stuff.  The empanadas were so good.. hot meat with a flaky crust, the pork pot stickers were served with a spicy, tangy dipping sauce, the grilled steak skewers were really tiny with only three sticks but were very good.  We also got a chicken caesar salad which was much larger than the small plates but was crisp, fresh and lightly dressed -- the perfect accompaniment to the other choices. We also ordered the sweet and spicy hot wings.. get these people. tahhh diiieeee foooo'!  Sweet upon first taste and then burns the lips but the good tingly burn ... yum!
Went in with a large group and ordered almost everything on the menu. Cuban pork and chimichurri beef were amazing.
Service was good. Nice atmosphere and music. Food was just ok, like all the other fusion places, nothing authentic but trying to be modern. We tried 6-7 items. My favorite was roasted pears.  Price is not bad but small portions to share just like all other tapas places.
I have been coming to this place since I was in high school... that was like over 13 years ago, and I still love it! The food tastes exactly the same, which is a good thing, and the ambiance - although it is much louder than I remember - is pretty much the same too. I always bring people here who are visiting Orlando and they are always impressed. Even though it's a chain (I haven't been to their other locations) it's still unique enough not to fall into that cookie cutter category. Plus, I think this is the first tapas place I ever went to... before tapas became the "cool" type of food to eat. Try the cuban steak skewers, they are always a big hit, and their black bean soup (although slightly boring) is quite tasty too!
Fantastic spot if you are looking for exceptional fare. Met the chef as she was visiting guests. Service was awesome.  This beats chain restaurants all day long!
Initial impression: FUNKY!  There is a lot of abstract art and tattooed servers giving this place a very eclectic feel.  The music is also LOUD. Both the hostess and server were friendly and engaging, so points there.   Food was kind of slow to come out.  Thirty minutes when the restaurant had very few other customers seemed like a long time. Taste of the food was nothing I would come back for.  The menu was not the same as the one online, so the lobster skewers with poblano mashed quesadillas was a no go.  Ended up with the jalepeno Mac and cheese, which was really more of a penne pasta dish with a LOT of sauce.  Not bad, not good.  Also had the chili lime chicken skewers with corn pudding.  The corn pudding was the highlight, but nothing special.  The skewers offered nothing impressive.   Overall, I would skip this place next time.
What a great place! It's very different and definitely an experience. I think this would be an awesome date place -- lots of talking points and good food and drinks! Very kitschy and bohemian. Our server was super sweet and attentive. We ordered: Carne asada - Meh, nothing special. Spicy crab chopsticks - Okay, the filling wasn't too exciting, but the phyllo was perfectly crunchy and sauce was spicy! Lamb chops - Great. Perfectly cooked to med rare as asked for. Great lamp "lollipop" Saganaki cheese - FANTASTIC. This was by far my favorite. It comes out as a flaming cheese dip, and you use bread to sop up the delicious juices and to put the fantastic cheese on it. It's not a "dip" perse, more of a soft cheese that you scoop onto bread and devour. It has a slight nutty flavor and very savory, fantastic. Banana pizza - Good but way too much for 2 people. A little complicated to eat but it was fun and messy. Definitely a fun place to go on the weekends! Not sure how often their menu rotates, but I feel it may be every couple of weeks?
Great food, super nice staff, belly dancer was a fun touch!  We were ok with the noise level since we were expecting it to be loud. I would def recommend it.
We came here on accident after leaving Universal at 9pm and everywhere else was on a 2hr wait. We called ahead for seating and our party of 5 was sat within 10 mins of arriving--on a Sat night! Great food and funky ambiance. Love the tapas style food. I recommend!
Service was good... drinks were flowing and I think the girls got  to dance. Oh food...everything was very good and I had my first gator meat there....mmmm taste like chicken. You won't want to come here if you can't stand the noise and music. If you're having a bad day, this place will definitely cheer you up! I forgot to mention the full bar! There will be a wait at this restaurant and that's probably why I had one too many gin tonics that night. Overall, I'll definitely visit this place again the next time I'm in Orlando. =)
Good atmosphere and food especially its pizza, it's an artist restaurant. But don't try chef's addition we even couldn't finish that dish!!
I was at Surf Expo with a co-worker and she wanted to eat somewhere that was local, interesting, and close to the convention center.  So, I went to the nifty Yelp app and hit the "Restaurants" option.  My GPS targeted the vicinity, and Café Tu Tu Tango was the first place to come up.  They had a discount with your Surf Expo badge, and you could tell by the amount of other retailers that were there eating lunch at the same time. The dining space is massive, casual, and parking is simple.  The prices run about $9-11 a plate for sharing, which is on track with any other tapas restaurant.   For anyone that follows my reviews, you know that I could have preferred to grab some ramen at an authentic Japanese restaurant around the corner, but at least this was local. I tried one of the Chef's Specials, called French Onion Soup Dumplings, which sounded really interesting from the description.  Silly me, was picturing a Xiao Long Bao about to burst with of French onion soup inside.  The dumplings were like a flat ravioli, the noodle exterior absorbed most of the moisture that may have been held inside.  All covered with cheese and some toasted bread on sticks.  Abstract? ...Yes. The Chimichurri Steak Kabobs were as-to-be-expected. And, the Duck Confit Salad on Flatbread was hearty and filling.   Best Salmon Sliders I have ever had, because the salmon was fresh and garlicky. However, my favorite item was actually the Marinated Olives and Feta with a single cracker sticking out of the top.  The flavor was bright and pungent, and the button mushrooms are a perfect touch. Overall, the entire experience dining at Café Tu Tu Tango was easy, fun, and stress free!
Unique, artsy spot with 'small' plate portions. We had a great waiter & big selection of beer. The local artist was very informative about the philosophy of featuring different artists  & their art work which is available for purchase. The outdoor seating is a fine option in great weather. Food was unique & large variety. Portions were 'small', but the waiter suggested two choices per person. It's a great atmosphere & a unique dining experience. Worth it.
Very loud the entire time we were there.The food was OK, but after spending $40 apiece we were still hungry. By the time we finished paying the drink tab and tip, we could easily afforded a fine dinning establishment( and been able to carry on a conversation !)
Local vibe for the tourist. Great food, great atmosphere and let's you shake off the Disney funk. There is roving entertainment and to a of things to keep kids occupied. Dynamite shrimp will melt your face with goodness and the Mojitos will re-engage you to appreciate why you drive 19 hours to the happiest place on earth.
Café TuTu Tango "food for the starving artist."   I LOVE the menu, so many wine regions to choose from by the glass or bottle, Award winning sangria recipe from Barcelona!! Tapas are always a favorite of mine.  We tried the duck & mixed salad greens, alligator bites, dynamite shrimp rolls, sun dried pizza & a smoked chicken quesadilla; everything we tried was $7-$9 and came out perfectly timed, hot and service was wonderful.  The décor is really interesting; college artist painting while we ate, placemats are a glossary that can come in handy if your not an artist or speak Spanish.  They also have masterpiece drinks for $6.95.  So many places to try in Orlando, but we would defiantly go back!!
Great place, surprisenly decent food,  live music, hipsterish atmosphere.
Sharing small plates, tapas style, is always a good time when you have a group of friends joining you. Cafe Tu Tu Tango offers a pretty fun experience and a good selection of dishes. While I enjoyed the food that I ate, and the company of my friends, the atmosphere wasn't quite my style. The decor is very eclectic, and the music is rather loud, making it a little difficult to chat. Also, being located on I-Drive means parking is a bit of a hassle. Even though they offer free valet, you still need to tip, and I'm not a huge fan of handing my car over to strangers. Overall a decent place, which can be hard to find in the heart of I-Drive.
Under the right circumstances, knowing which drinks and dishes to get, I would give it 5 stars. However, the experience was somewhat disappointing because certain dishes weren't that great and the white sangria was horrendous. We started by ordering the mediterranean olives, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes seasoned with feta cheese. The olives were mushy and didn't taste good though the rest of it was tasty. Second we got the seared tuna salad dish and pork belly sliders. The tuna was fresh and very tasty, yet the sauce was plain and uninspired. The pork belly sliders were interesting but too salty and left me wanting something else. We also got the falafel appetizer and skewered seafood dish. The falafel had good flavor though very soft inside (would of been better with more authentic texture) and the sauce that came with the falafel didn't mix well, and I would have preferred a different sauce instead. The shrimp and daily caught fish on skewers was nicely served with summer veggies around the seafood and grilled to perfection. Compliments to the chef on that  one. The restaurant had all kinds of funky artwork around on the walls. There were two artist stationed near the entrance working on paintings which was interesting. The stranger part was when the music cut out and very loud arabic music came on and a belly dancer came out dancing. Also, a different girl kept walking around taking pictures to put into keychains, making me feel like I'm eating in a tourist trap. I could of done without the photo girl or belly dancer who was not all that attractive and didn't fit with the restaurant's theme. The previously mentioned white sangria was served in a glass jar with some brandy soaked fruit and what tasted like house white wine from a separate bottle. I was very surprised and unimpressed because real sangria is more than just white wine mixed with fruit and ice. Overall, I would go back and order certain things that I know to be good and avoid the other dishes and drinks.
Best place on I-Drive for an eclectic dining experience. This place is not for kids or people who love the predictability (yawn) of chain restaurant menus. You will not find a cheeseburger, steak or a chicken sandwich on this menu. But you will find thoughtfully presented, locally harvested food, presented on small plates at a reasonable price. I went with a vegetarian friend and there were plenty of options for him. We ordered 3 tapas between us and a salad. I had 2 glasses of wine and he had a beer. The bill was $56 with tip. It was a little noisy for me at times we were asking each other to repeat our conversation- even with the noise level I give this place 5 stars for getting the food right, the service was excellent and the belly dancing was so fun! If you are in Orlando with friends I say go to Tu Tu Tango.
Great food in a fun atmosphere! We liked the salmon sliders and the Argentinian speak the best. The tarot card reader was amazingly accurate (but not required!) and the dancers floating through once in a while added charm to the evening.
I wanted to give this place a better rating, but, alas, could not. Here's why; 1. my expectations, based on reviews and price, were higher than this really was able to produce. Maybe it's the area, Orlando being a mecca of chain restaurants, etc 2. it was ok, good, but not great and for the kind of place, and the price, it needs to step it up frankly. 3. atmosphere was ok, but had a little too much "try hard" going on, I've been to eclectic, fun places, where there is an original, weird element, and this place looked like it was trying to copy that, kind of missing the point. Finally, the lack of truly creative, interesting places in this part of the world may make it likely that I would revisit in future.
When I and my two dining companions, Maryellen and Cindy, arrived it was 7:20 and we were told it would be approximately 45 minutes before we could be seated. While we waited outside with our little "buzzer device" (stop thinking naughty) we watched a group of 30-something women exit after apparently celebrating the birthday of one of their number and climb into a white limo to head to their next stop and a group of friends celebrating...well I wasn't sure exactly WHAT they were celebrating but they were doing a great job of it! Our wait turned out to be more like 55 minutes, but we enjoyed ourselves listening to the music that is piped outside while we chatted and watched the parade of people entering and exiting. One of several very attractive young ladies escorted us to our seats and as soon as she walked away our server Jason appeared. Jason looked very much like actor Michael Rosenbaum, who portrays Lex Luthor on the TV series "Smallville". He explained the concept behind Tu Tu's look and atmosphere, the artwork on display and the fact that various artists set up their easels, drawing boards, etc on different nights to allow patrons to watch them as they work creating art. On this night a painter of oil landscapes and another painter/illustrator were on hand, working on pieces as patrons looked over their shoulders. A face-painter and balloon artist were also in attendance. And for our dancing entertainment, a belly-dancer and two Flamenco dancers were with us, moving about the restaurant and around tables exhibiting their abilities. Roaming musicians are also part of the available entertainment, but we did not see any that night. And we were told a Tarot Card reader was also there to predict our future, if we should so choose. He then gave us a quick primer on the tapas menu offerings; a varied, all-appetizer sized multi-ethnic choice of cuisines (Thai, Cajun and Mexican, to name a few) that are best ordered in varieties and shared among those in your party. The food is truly a global experience and the enjoyment of it is meant to be a shared experience. After consulting the menu at length, the three of us ordered the following dishes to share among ourselves: Mediterranean Spinach Dip-Blended with Feta Cheese and toasted walnuts; served cold with roasted red peppers and parmesan pita crisps. Pizza Palette-A thin crust vegetable pizza served (at out request) sans cheese and presented on an artist's palette. Oriental Marinated Steak Skewers-served with Ginger-Soy Aioli. Sesame Grilled Chicken Salad-Bok Choy, Napa Cabbage, Romaine, Water Chestnuts, Cashews and fresh orange segments tossed with a Tamari-Ginger vinaigrette. Dijon Chicken Skewers-served over chilled Sesame Noodles. Maryellen and I each enjoyed a nice Spanish red wine, while Cindy chose a Pinot Grigio that she found to be excellent. Soon after our plates of food began arriving at different intervals and we all dove in, sharing the various items ("Oh, you HAVE to try some of this!"), talking, laughing, enjoying the dancers and clapping as two of the ladies at the table next to us were wished a "Happy Birthday" by all the patrons in our area at the urging of their server, who was standing on a chair to obtain everyone's attention. Soon we had cleaned every plate and were contemplating dessert. As a true gentleman, I urged the ladies to choose our desserts. Maryellen chose the Banana Pizza while Cindy honed in on the Molten Chocolate. Banana Pizza-Cinnamon flat bread topped with streusel and fresh bananas, banana ice cream and caramel sauce. Molten Chocolate-Petite chocolate souffle with a bittersweet Belgian Chocolate center and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. I must admit, I'm not a big banana fan and I seriously questioned the choice of eating such a fruit in pizza form, but one bite quickly changed my mind! This dessert dish was fabulously tasty in an unexpected way. We were enjoying our food and conversation in the very stimulating atmosphere so much that I was surprised to note, when I checked my cell phone at the conclusion of our repast, that it was already 10pm! It seemed like it had only been a few minutes since we sat down to begin our total sensory experience of a meal. As we slowly made our way to the exit, Maryellen stopped at an artists table and bought a small print of a painting she admired that had been hanging on a wall near us. If you ever are in the mood for a lunch or dinner of total entertainment and enjoyment, you would be hard pressed to make a better choice than Cafe Tu Tu Tango.
All the plates were really good. It was nice to eat somewhere not a chain in this area. We got the flat bread, artichoke dip, beef skewars (best grits of my life and I Lived in AR), Salmon burgers, very good the next day. That was enough for the 2 of us and to have some for lunch the next day. Only thing was I thought it was excessively loud. Especially, when they had a belly dancer which I thought was fun but then couldn't even speak to my friend across the table and we were outside. I can't imagine how loud inside!
Enjoyed the tapas, especially the mango BBQ ribs. Great ambiance, and the tapas are always good. This place is best enjoyed with at least four people so you can sample more of the menu.
What a cool way to spend an evening in Orlando. So often, restaurants off property of Universal and Disney are overlooked. This establishment is a great way to cool of and rest your weary feet after a day of line-standing. The appetizer based meal allows you to try a lot of different foods in one sitting. You can share all of the plates with your table. Local artists come in and do their creative thing while you eat. It's all-in-all a nifty, and finally different place to dine.
Without sounding like a broken record.. this place is so unbelievably unique and affordable. I'm from NY & I normally never enjoyed tapas - the proportions were never fulling and the prices were also shocking. I was hesistant about having tapas for dinner, but my boyfriend convinced me. At Tutu, the staff were laidback and polite, I was really able to relax.  I enjoy the tapas style dishes which showcase a variety of culinary skill and taste. Plus, the proportions were generous! I was in Orlando for 3 days and ate here 2x. We made sure to stop by before leaving for home. Would definitely return. p.s. Live music
This was totally NOT what I expected but I was mildly surprised anyway!  I was expecting tapas...Spanish style, but it was tapas Asian-fusion style.  To say that the restaurant was confused would be too negative.  I would say just very eclectic but tasty.  Fun and attentive staff. Small portions la tapas style, but this gave you an excuse to order a wide variety of dishes.   Very fun presentations and edgy mixtures of flavors. Inside ambiance was also "confused"/eclectic:  part flea market, part belly dancing, part bar, part art show, oh yea, part restaurant.  Fun and upbeat, but just a little too loud (okay, I'm getting old and just like to talk not yell at my friends.).  I actually loved the art and TV screens that showed art not sports.   I would have given 4 stars, because it is really good, but I cannot say that I am a fan of the place.
From margaritas to mojitos to even the sangria, cafe tutu tangos has one the best if not the best drink selections in town. All the bartenders are friendly and well versed in wine and general alcohol knowledge. If u like drinking or just wanna try something fresh and new definitely check out cafe tutu tangos.
Amazing, creative, fun, and super delicious dining! This is a great place with wonderfully flavorful small sharing size dishes among a very exciting and entertaining environment. My wife and I have been twice and each time we were offered the perfect combination art and food!
TuTuTango is a pretty decent place to hang out, have a few drinks and enjoy the evening. We sat outside and enjoyed some tapas and a mojito.  Service good but a little slow, lively but somewhat noisy ambience - would visit again
Not one bad experience at Tu Tu Tango.  You have to try the White Sangria.  Amazing!  The menu is a little pricey so bring your big boy wallet.  Other than that, the atmosphere, food and drinks are great!  I would say it's not the restaurant for the more conservative, meat and potatoes type of person.  Very eclectic and free spirited.
Average food over priced.  More about the hype than food.  Not a place that I would consider again. Wings are horrible. Everything taste the same   Shrimp and grits not good. Under cooked shrimp. Sorry Orlando. This place is horrible
Appetizer style food priced around $7-10 each, but fairly large portions so worth it. The cheesecake pops were AMAZING. My boyfriend doesn't even like sweets and was all over them.  One star off for a ten minute wait even with a reservation, and the sangria. Everyone says how good it is, but we ordered a bottle and got an unmarked bottle of red wine and glasses with a little fruit. Not what I say is worth $24.
Food was meh. We tried five dishes and not much in the way of flavor. Hummus was one of the most flavorful, and it was just hummus. The flatbread was especially disappointing-it tasted like cardboard. When we mentioned this to the waitress, she said that the flatbread surprised a lot of people because it was supposed to taste like a cracker. Well, it tasted like cardboard. I'm not very picky about drinks, but they were also not good.  The mojito was super sweet and the sangria was watery.   Ceviche was MUCH better in my opinion.
This restaurant is very unique and great for date night . My gf and I went here for lunch and it was perfect. The tapas were the right size to share and the drinks were delicious. I would definitely take my other friends here . Afterwards we bought some local art work from the local artist painting as we exit out. Cool concept ! ;)
This is a great place with some uneven food.  Bang Bang Shrimp - Great.  Mango Rib - Pass.  Wine list - Great.  Service - Great.   The atmosphere is great.  Local artist's work on the walls, artist in residence creating work on site. I would definitely go back, but can't rate higher than 3 stars for the unevenness of food.
This place was awesome! I've never had better tapas anywhere else! The manager Trish, was extremely wonderful and helpful when it came to recommending what food to order. Definitely try the Dynamite Shrimp and the beef with that awesome dipping sauce (can't remember the exact name) and for dessert the chocolate covered cheesecake lollipops. I can't wait to go back when I am in town again in a few months!
This has been on of my favorites in the Orlando area. It's a great spot for really good food, really good drinks and a really good vibe. Whether it's the art or the belly dancers, you will be constantly entertained. This is a great place for a date night, take a tapa plate for the both of you to share and get your own and you'll be good to go. I recommend the cake pops for dessert.
Great food. Small plates. Oriental steak was fantastic. Little pricey for portion size if big eater. Our server Kurtis was fab. He was knowledgeable and made great recommendations.
Phenomenal food!  Great variety and excellent service.  I'll be back.....need I say more?!
An EXPERIENCE. My taste buds were doing jumping jacks. Wonderful food, warm atmosphere and cheerful staff. A MUST DO on I-Drive.
By far the first Small Plates restaurant I have been to that I left full and happy. The entire setup and atmosphere was awesome along with the service. The infusion of different foods on the menu was very interesting and was hard to pick what to order...even the deserts were great! If I lived in Orlando area I would make this a weekly place to eat lunch/dinner.
Cafe TuTu was the perfect backdrop for my ladies night out... We sat in the bar area and it worked.  I enjoy a decent amount of ambient noise, so I can talk as dirty and loud I want with my girls.  The happy hour specials rocked with 2-for-1 sangrias, margaritas and mojitos.  I do not recommend the mojitos, i had the mango flavored one and it tasted more sour than sweet but the mango margarita sent me over the moon.  Plus a few apps were $3 (only one veggie option though).  Its a tapas style spot, which I digg because you cant go wrong with bite-sized variety.  I order the seared salmon sliders with fingerling potato salad for my eats and my girlfriends quickly order some for themselves - very tasty.  The glutton-ness continued with an order of jalapeño mac-n-cheese - super yumo.  Oh and the ever famous belly dancer was kinda lacking, they had one lady working the entire restaurant - I know she was tired... especially when she had to dance with light candles on her head hah.  S/O to the live painter & the eye-candy servers too.  Yes - Cafe Tu Tu Tango is quite busy but totally a fun take on a gypsy marketplace., which I will definitely return to. Opa!
love the sangria, the banana pizza and the colorful, lively, artistic atmosphere! I went there for my birthday party last year.
Love this cute, artsy and colorful resto!! Delightful tapas!! Yumza desserts!! Great service!! Fun atmosphere paired with fascinating entertainment.... Check out this place not just for the food, but for the experience!! You will LOVE it!!
Excellent food & service. The building has a lot of character featuring artwork by local artist.
Simply amazing! Food was delicious and service was very friendly. Great atmosphere. They had a live musician when I was there and it totally helped set the mood. Also, they have free valet. The entire experience brought me right back to my trip to Barcelona last summer :)  don't miss out.
Really fun place to come for appetitzers. I came with a group of 10 other people so we pretty much got everything on the menu. Everything comes out when its ready, from different stations, so be prepared for that. Everything was pretty tasty. Some memorable dishes: mac n cheese, skewers, empanadas. Our waitress was really friendly. They have performances at night, ours started at 8:30. African drummers. Pretty loud, but fun. The local artists were really cool to watch.
I have wanted to dine here for some time.  I have even recommended this place to people before dining here myself - they all enjoyed it and so did I!!!  We ordered 4 items the spinach crab dip served with crackers, bang bang shrimp (this was a GIANT serving of fried shrimp in a sweet and spicey sauce), cuban steak skewers with lime steak sauce (I really didnt want to share this it was so good!) and the last time we ordered was a bacon wrapped filet mignon topped with cheese fondue (this was a curious item - it came out whole and only with 1 steak knife - it was a little awkward to share - stick with the cuban steak skewers and maybe think about getting your own order - they were that good.  I was driving so I only had 1 glass of red sangria which was really good and full of fruit I could have easily drank a pitcher!!!  It appears that Cafe Tu Tu Tango caters to a very diverse crowd from families to men giving each other serious back rubs.  I would have given this place 5 stars however we were seated next to the hostess station and had to listen to various members of the waitstaff compare stories of drunken escapades.  I have had enough of mine own and dont need to listen to starngers!!
Food was really good. We had a plethora of different items and I'll list in order of "need to try": 1. Pork Belly Reuben 2. Dynamite Shrimp 3. Cuban Sliders 4. Oriental Steak Skewers 5. Spiced Alligator Bites 6. Chimmichurri Steak 7.  Southwest Chicken Flatbread 8. Tomato and Goat Cheese Flatbread 9. Chicken Flautas 10. Picadillo Empanadas Food: 4/5 Service: 3/5 Atmosphere: 4/5 Value: 4/5 Great place to go with a croud of foodie types. The beers on tap were great as well. Not sure what you like they offer a flight of four choices for only $6.50. Well worth it.
Fun, fun,fun!  Food is above average Pub grub, served in an eclectic setting, where the Sangria flows like water. Great place to go with a group.
Amazing!!! You should try everything on the menu.
What an interesting find here in Orlando. Support for local artists (some doing live painting) with their artwork on display and everything is on sale. Random belly dancing what seemed like every hour. This is definitely a fun place to come, if not just to see the decor and have a few cups of their sangria (which I heard was tasty). FOOD: Spicy Alligator Bites: meh. tastes like chicken. literally. so breaded and fried I couldn't tell the difference other than the fact it was a little chewier. Tasty if you like fried chicken. Chimichurri Steak and Grits: was decent. Steak was cooked well and had a nice combination of flavors with the lemon cheese grits. Goat Cheese Tambale: recommend. One of the lighter dishes we ordered. A nice combination of goat cheese, walnuts and dried apricots with a side of arugula made a nice spread on the toasted baguettes. Albondigas: MUST GET. light crisping on the outside trapping the juices of the meatball inside and covered in a marinara that has a slight spice to it. Took some time to get this order so I recommend you order when you sit down. Jalapeno Mac and Cheese: MUST GET. perfectly al dente cooked mini penne pasta in a gooey slightly spicy cheesy sauce. Dynamite Shrimp: decent. but like any other dynamite shrimp (opinion may have been biased since this was the last of the savory dishes we ordered and everything was so heavy the single piece of lettuce was not enough to cleanse the palate) Chorizo al Fuego: recommend. nice balance between salty of the sausage and the starchiness of the potatoes and had a little kick. Chicken Flautas: between decent and recommend. was tasty and had nice flavor especially combined with the jalapeno jelly (? can't remember?). my only gripe about this dish is that the chicken was so shredded I could barely tell what it was. DESSERT: Almond Flan: meh. has a strong flavor of almond extract. If you like almond jelly and egg pudding and like the idea of these tastes and textures being combined, try this Chocolate Calzone: meh. suuppeerr heavy. between the chocolate chips and the bread, i would only recommend to those you can sit eating a huge chocolate bar in one sitting Chocolate Dipped Cheesecake: MUST GET. great ending to a long meal. surprisingly light cheesecake with a thin coating of chocolate. be careful when eating this and hold a plate under you while you eat in case half of it falls off the stick and then you won't be embarrassed for wanting to salvage it from the floor. Creme Brulee: Decent plain creme brulee. Would recommend trying different dishes though. Rocky Road Cookie Pizza: RECOMMEND. another really heavy dish but if you saved room for dessert and you like rocky road, I would recommend. A tasty combination of chocolate, nuts, cookie, and lightly toasted mini marshmallows. I may have forgotten some of the items that we ordered. But nevertheless, will definitely be coming back to this local gem hidden among all the large food chains.
Got phenomenal reviews on Frommers so we checked it out. The pear dish is superb, had a couple others ( cheesecake pops, steak skewers, duck quesadillas) that were good but did not blow me away. Really cool vibe because its in an Artist loft with cool art, artists working on hand and live music everyday. Right by Wet N' Wild so def check it out if you are around there.
fitting for a tourist, which is what i was.  food was ok.  random plates of small finger foods, like flatbread, skewers, empanadas, etc.  fun touristy atmosphere, flamenco dancing shows.
Great find in Orlando! Fantastic ambience, super cool service with a lot of artsy stuff. Food is super delicious. Tip- be sure to call in and ask for priority seating otherwise there is a wait time. Of course it's a good restaurant and the reason for the restaurant.
The food is really good, big Wow for the Picadillo Empanadas, Dynamite shrimp, Five cheese pizza and the Argentinaean Chimmichurri... the Falafil is not up to the standereds (it's not falafil) The service is slowwwwww (shortage in staff) but friendly, nice, and welcoming. Kids friendly. Overall it's 4 out of 5... i will visit again :o)
Love this restaurant!!! Great place to bring out of town guests...the egg rolls and roasted pears are FANTASTIC!!!  Great artist and artwork abound. Never a bad decision!!!
Fun restaurant, staff is always friendly and food is always good.  Would give it 5 stars if they didnt have a physcic doing tarot cards in the lobby area (not my thing nor do i think it's good for kids to see).
Tapas.Bohemian.Artsy.Colorful. "Food for the starving artist" is the tagline and as the words suggest this restaurant is completely geared and focused on the arts, it is all about art; full of wonderful colors and lights. The food is great, but be expected to pay a good sum. Tapas portions, meaning appetizer portions so it's good to go with a few people to order a variety of dishes and share. Most of the artwork featured is for sale.
"Where the starving artist goes to eat", or something like that is what I think the menu said, and you'll see at least one or two people painting something on the side while the loud music plays on Tuesdays. I came on a Tuesday when they had live music, and though they had a card reader that would come around the tables (I didn't know if I had to pay her or not) and good service, the noise level was pretty high. So this is the Spanish version of dim-sum where you eat tapas which are a little expensive for some items but you get a good portion. Had the Sopa De Leon, Calamari, Dynamite something which was really good. The Picadillo and Cheese was interesting, so was the Banana Pizza which had some cinnamon taste to it. A nice surprise was the Thai Shrimp lollipop which used sugar cane as it's skewer, so after eating the shrimp you can chew on the sugar cane to get a sweet taste. It wasn't hard to find, it was along the same drive I took to go to another place. It's also close to the Convention Center and just about a mile or two from Sea World. It's easy to miss if you're not paying attention when driving on International Drive.
Love the feel is great Happy hour was amazing. We got there on a Friday and sat at the bar and sample so many different tapas and drinks at the bar. We stared with the Goat Cheese and Poached pear over pecan toast so amazing. My least favorite was still amazing. The beer sampler was great and even better it was buy one get one free. Can not wait to get back there. A must NOT miss.
The atmosphere is good. very fun place to go. The art works there are not my taste. I think it would be fun to go with bigger group but I went there with my husband and my son who is 7. The food was ok and from all other reviews I expected the food would be better, but it was just ok, nothing really great! However, i like how they support the locla artists.
Hubby and I just came back from having dinner there tonight. The service was good, food was really yummy: picadillo empanadas; cajun egg rolls; oriental steak skewers; and the tuna nachos. Entertainment was well, entertaining. Darren was the magician, and we had two belly dancers swirling around the place. Good times to be had by all!
This place is awesome! We were here for the first time in 2005 and we're happy to see it still thriving in 2013. Service was quick, super friendly, and organized. The 5-cheese hand tossed pizza was fantastic. The Brazilian style steak skewers with chimichurri sauce were excellent and perfectly cooked. I had never had grits before but we had them on two dishes - the shrimp and the steak skewers and I think I'll be learning how to make them at home! For dessert we had the old fashioned creme brûlée and the banana bread pudding. They were both excellent, you could tell they were both fresh made and used top quality ingredients. We are going to try to make it there for lunch before we head home - there are interesting looking frogs legs on the seasonal menu that I have to try!
Back a Tu Tu from the previous year.  Wait service was fine, but the bus boy was a physcotic ass.  He smashed dishes and glasses into his pan across the isle from us as he took down an 8 top.  Managed to break 3 glasses while doing this and when it was brought to him...he blamed the customers!   This is supposed to be a trendy, uber-urban eatery trying to cater to an "artistic" clientel.  Please...in Orlando?  Loud, crowded & dark with marginal food at best.   Won't be going back, there are other places to go and just have a good meal with fun service and not have to yell at each other across the table.
My husband and I absolutely loved this place! Tapas style yummy plates! We shared the empanadas-awesome!, the tomato and goat cheese flatbread-so tasty!, the Argentina steak with chimichurri sauce-to die for!!!!-the beef was very tasty and tender, and lastly the the Cuban sliders- very very good! No complaints. We're heading back tomorrow night. Expect tango dancers/performers to entertain. I actually had to dance with one for a moment. I was taken aback but it turned out to be a lot of fun. You will not regret your Cafe' tu tu experience!!!!  P.s. awesome service too. But some lady was actually smoking a cigar on the patio where we chose to sit. :( yuck!
Pretty good tapas restaurant with a flair of variety.   I really enjoyed the Dynamite Shrimp (favorite), and the Mediterranean Olives Feta dish.  I didn't love the cajun egg rolls but can't place why.  Another delicious item was the chocolate dipped cheesecake-icredible! Our waitor was nice enough.   The live dancers were appropriate with the exception of the contemporary female dancer.   She seemed to be out of place...especially because she was kicking her legs pretty close to the tables and entryway.   It seems like she needed more of a stage.
We went with a group of seven and we all loved it.  Good vibe,  kid friendly,  but not. Kiddie haven.  We came in town for a football bowl game.  Five guys,  a twelve yr old and a mom.  All were happy.  Enjoyed the tapas style.  Great for sharing.  Good service.  Loved how a stack of plates and extra cutlery were on the table.   The art work on the walls was really cool and the live artists in the restaurant was very unique.  I've never seen that anywhere else.
Where to even begin? My girlfriend and I love this place. It is an absolute must for whenever we stop by Orlando. The small, cheap plates allow for a taste of everything while still filling you up, the staff is amazingly nice, the place has a great feeling to it, amazing decoration and on some nights has a belly dancer go around the restaurant dancing.
If you come to Orlando, this has to be on your list of must-visit locales. As a matter of fact, skip that whole mouse park deal and just come here. You won't be disappointed. Please do not be discouraged when you find out it's on International Drive. It's a locals spot with great service, fun and tasty food, and excellent bar service. Plus, there is an absolute plethora of local art on all the walls which really makes every visit unique. Inspired by a visit to Barcelona (who isn't inspired by visiting there!?), this unique place has been here for 22 years and I'm hoping it is for 22 more. On our last visit, we came with 20 friends and the servers swooped upon us to ensure we had everything we needed, drinks, tapas, laughs, and fun! Thanks!
Been here twice.  Loved the roasted pears, the sangria, the dynamite shrimp, and the brie cheese.  Absolutely fantastic.  Must go again.
Great food, good service, the entire family enjoyed their menu items as well as the drinks. Thanks.
I hear good things about this place so my friend and I came for a casual dinner. We liked the decor with local art collections. And the server was friendly and knowledgeable. But we were not too impressed by food. We did our homework to learn popular menu items at Tu Tu Tango. My friend and I shared Alforno roasted pears, Roma tomato and goat cheese flatbread, and oriental marinated steak skewers. All of them were just OKAY. They were okay enough to the point I did not mind dining here once but we don't plan coming back here again.
been here every time i go to Floridia. love the small delicious plates and flavors. worth trying for lunch but I recommend dinner because of the artists.
I'm a regular here, and have yet to be disappointed. They always have prompt, great service and excellent bartenders. If it is your first to e going, I highly recommend the empanadas, pepperoni flatbread, creme brûlée, oriental steak skewers, southwest egg rolls and the chicken flautas! You can not go wrong. They also make a great lemon drop martini and shot as well their artist signature drinks are quite good too! You can't go wrong here!
Love, love, love their tapas.  The menu is huge, pricing is fair, and the diversity of the menu will please all palates from carnivores to herbivores. I jush wish the service could have been a little more attentive.  Our initial server was in the middle of taking our drink orders when the table next to her interrupted her.  Rather than finishing with us, she turned and addressed their needs.  After she took our drink orders, it took way too long to actually receive our drinks.  We really wanted to order dinner, but couldn't get her attention or the attention of anyone else who could take our meal orders, and were completely finished with our first round of drinks before we could even order our dinner. Another server took our dinner order after we made it clear we'd been waiting a long time. After the order was placed, our items arrived as they were finished.  This was fine since we were all sharing food anyway.  When we were ready for another drink, we had a tough time getting the attention of a server, and when we were ready for the bill the same thing happened. I'm giving them 4 stars for the food and the ambiance, but not for the service.  Their lack of attentiveness was really frustrating for our friendly group of 4, and I deducted a star as a result of it.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a very creative establishment filled with art and live entertainment. Their menu is designed in a way that food comes in appetizer sizes so ideally the group decides on a few, orders them together, and shares them. For this reason it may prove troublesome for more particular or picky eaters or for large groups who may have trouble coordinating the ordering/sharing process. It may also end up being pricey. Their food, however, is beautifully presented and of excellent quality. There is a kids menu with normal items such as hot dogs, quesadilla, etc. For desert I recommend the banana pizza...heavenly.
The restaurant's name evoked a refined yet intimate restaurant similar to one of my favorite tapas place in NYC. However, even before I entered the restaurant, there was an artist painting with oil on canvas and selling some of her work- not what I expected. The walls were full of art and as I walked to my seat, the restaurant is loud with music, tvs playing old Bob Ross episodes and art hung everywhere. The food was an electic mix of tapas from around the world. I had salmon tartare (a bit salty), mahi mahi tacos (soggy from all the tomatoes loaded on) and an almond flan (not too bad but not amazing). My waitress, Darcy, was super friendly and gave great service. It was a fun place to share a mediocre meal with friends or family with reasonable prices. I would come again instead of eating at any of the many chain restaurants nearby.
Fantastic setting for an out of town group. The food was excellent and unusual. The staff was very accommodating for our group that showed up in waves.
I went here in between some meetings just for a quick bite. Got the hummus - ok - seafood skewer - yum!!   Chile lime chicken - yum!! i think i would enjoy alot of the other things there but based on those 3 it's a win for me
Great food, great atmosphere, and great service. I couldn't ask for any better food visiting from Iowa on my birthday. Such an eclectic place. I highly recommend it and I'll be back for sure.
Very good restaurant that has a unique flavor. Order the sangrias .. they are so yummy!
This was definitely what I was expecting and I got what I was looking for. The food was very diverse and the menu was extensive. I was very impressed. The gator bites came out chewy and that was to be expected. No one seems to get them tender from what I can gather. The rest of the food was hot and very pleasing to the palate. Overall I think anyone should try tapas and this is a good place to get your feet wet.
Great place to go for a special dinner or to hang out with a group of friends. The menu selection is pretty eclectic and most of it is really good. They recommend ordering at least 2-3 tapas per person and this is probably pretty accurate as the amount of food they give you can be a bit skimpy for some of the menu items.  This is not a place to go to if you are extremely hungry or just want to chow down. Each menu item averages from $6-$10 so it can get a bit pricy if you order more than 2-3 items per person. One of the things I like most about Tu Tu Tango is that you can order a lot of different things and share with your dining companions.  They do not bring out all your items at the same time and instead stagger things so things do not go cold before you have a chance to try them. The servers here are really great and are very helpful in explaining any unfamiliar menu items. They don't try to rush you out the door either. This is a really fun dining experience but it's definitely not cheap. If you have small children. this is probably not a great place to go. It's in the heart of tourist land in I-Drive but it's not a touristy place.
We loved this place! Interesting app size portions and great to share, may be better with four people instead of two as you could get one bite each of a lot more items but we tried a bunch and left very happy.
We went to this place based on Yelp rating/reviews. We were not disappointed (except for the boys who wanted to see belly dancers -- there was only a Tango/Flaminco dancer that night). The price rating was misleading, though, as this is a small plates restaurant. Which means that you will order several plates, pushing the cost more into the $$$ range. We went on a Sunday evening, and it was packed -- so get there early! Because of the small plates, you can order throughout the meal. All the dishes we tried were very good. I highly recommend that order from multiple sections of the menu to get the full breadth of flavors and styles. For example, the pear on pecan crisps sounds weird on the menu, but it was quite good. The atmosphere is pretty cool too, with local artists creating their work right in the restaurant! It was pretty cool to see painters and sculptors at work in the midst of all the eating activity. And, there was a LOT of activity-- not a calm or quiet place. In any case, we were in Orlando for a vacation, and wanted to go somewhere off-property. We really enjoyed our meal, as everyone got to pick a couple of dishes off the menu. We would definitely go back again.
Really fun unique place. It is really tapas, so the whole table orders a bunch of little plates and shares. Everything we ordered was very tasty and skillfully prepared. This is definitely not the place you want to come if you're really hungry though. The dishes come out one at a time, pretty slowly and it can add up quick. Our favorite was the roasted pears (would make a good dessert too), dynamite shrimp and the fried green tomato sliders.
Soooo good! Was in Orlando so had to try this place out. We ordered To-go cuz ofthe kids. Loved loved loved the cold mediterranean spinach dip- ive never had it like this.  Mmmmm yummy! Dynamite shrimp was good too- had maybe a spicy mayo sauce on it. The Guava ribs was sooo moist and juicy- lotsa flavor and a lotta yummy sauce. I thought the pork belly sliders were kinda dry and the Chumichurri steak were ok. But really everything on the menu sounds sooo good and unique- would love to try everything! Also, i had ordered a banana pizza To-go w my order but they forgot it- all i got was the ice cream to go with the banana pizza, making that a very expensive small thing of ice cream. So sad i didnt get to try the banana pizza. It was late and we didnt feel like leaving our hotel to go back to the restaurant. So be sure to check your To-go order!
This place was a great date place maybe 5 years ago. But coming back to it, they have cut corners on food quality. Its over hyped and over priced. I wouldn't come back here.
Offensively loud.
I've been here a few times and the food is always amazing.  Ah-maz-ing.  The decor and overall vibe is very cool...the belly dancer is awesome and the various other artists and entertainers are fun.  The drinks are delicious.  Service seems to be hit and miss, though, sadly.  Two of the three times I've been here I had great service, and just one time it was bad (and by bad, I mean REALLY bad).  However, bad nights happen for every server and frankly, the food is worth it anyway.  I'd definitely come here again...and again...and again.
Believe everyone, appetizer portions for those who love to sample! Great service, friendly, irreverent staff. :-)
every time we go to orlando we (my wife and I) enjoy this place. good music and live performance, and art that you can buy all over. friendly service great tapas and a large selection of beers try the gator pop corn.
I've only been here once for a friend's birthday last summer but it was a good experience and I've told others it's a great place for groups. There were about 10 of us, and since it's tapas it's really a sharing style type of place. However, I have some dietary differences so I couldn't partake in everything everyone else was eating. They were very accommodating and gave me a separate check while my friends split the rest on one check. Everyone loved the food and the drinks. It is a fun atmosphere and there's various kinds of entertainment if you go on different nights, you won't see the same thing each night!
Creative food plus creative drink pairings equals this hip little join in the heart of the tourist district. Trendy, but not uncomfortably so. But it's loud (both the music and your fellow dining revelers) so don't bring your grandparents, like the unfortunate young lady at the table next to us (whose elderly relatives looked miserably). Menu changes all the time, so don't get too attached to any single dish.
This is a must visit place in Orlando!!
I wish that there was a place like this in New York! Maybe a Williamsburg location (a girl can dream) they would make a killing because this place is that amazing. I was in orlando on vacation and yelped this place, with so many reviews i had to check it out. The atmosphere is creative and it welcomes exploring about to see all of the art work. Artist are at work when you walk in, all of the art work is for sale and the food does not disappoint. Everything was flavorful and creative, the service was superb. Definitely the cherry on top of my vacation, my last day in Orlando I left with a belly full of tapas and sangria. Don't miss their desserts! They are so decadent.
I really like this place and have a new love for tapas and tapas restaurants. I think they can make their menu a little more interesting with some fun dishes.  The only downside to this place was check your cups and dishes. Not sure if the dishwasher machine was working correctly when I was there but lots of dirty cups silverware and plates.   I still like this place.  Just wish menu would change more often.
good food. fun atmosphere. pricing is good. parking is great. international drive is horrible. music is a little loud. i would go back.
This was a fantastic place to eat. Everyone got something different and we all shared. The macaroni and cheese was good but the dynamite shrimp was WONDERFUL. The jalapeño margarita was one of the best drinks I have tasted in a long time. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was great. It was good to look at all the local art, that could be purchased, and be entertained by the belly dancer. The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because it was a little too loud for me.
Service was good. Nice atmosphere and music. Food was just ok, like all the other fusion places, nothing authentic but trying to be modern. We tried 6-7 items. My favorite was roasted pears. Chocolate covered cheesecake made the dinner end a little better in the end. Do NOT get meatball pizza or spiced alligator. Super bland, poorly cooked, waste of money. Oh you are gonna spend a lot if you go hungry. Price is not bad but small portions to share just like all other tapas places.
We were recomended to stop here from a friend that lives in the area while we vacation in Orlando. It was fantastic! Not touristy, we were trying to avoid touristy... Great ambiance, great waitstaff, and the food was fantastic! The  menu was perfect in size, plenty of options but not overwhelming. The drinks were great too. It reminded me of some of the artsy places we have at home. Next time we are in town we will definately be back and will be recomending it to friends!
Love Cafe Tu Tu Tango...atmosphere, food and service have always been GREAT!!
In a land lousy with chains, Cafe Tu Tu Tango wins I-Drive. Local alligator with key lime mustard? Margaritas with house-made sweet and sour? The work of 40 local artists work on the walls? C'est pas une restaurant unique?
LOVED the food and the staff.  VERY friendly and they know their menu inside and out!  I bought 2 pieces of art there and have gotten many compliments on the art.  I wish there were more of these restaurants in the country.
Love it! I've been going to Cafe Tu Tu Tango for 9 years. It is still one of my all-time favorites. I take everyone there! The atmosphere is great! There is always live artists in action: painting, dancing, carving, etc. I love the idea of all the decor being for sale. They're a tapas restaurant with 3 different kitchens and a menu that is always changing!
In a sea of chain restaurants on International Drive, Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a bold and refreshing choice. Food: amazing desserts-can't go wrong with banana bread pudding and rocky road cookie pizza. Gator bites were very chewy, otherwise food was flavorful and choices for everyone. Service: friendly and attentive staff. Atmosphere: unique paintings and a lot to look at. You can buy any painting in the restaurant!
This place is totally overrated. They just serve $$$ asian fusion like appetizers. I would recommend for sightseeing, but not for food.
I love this place! I'm always looking for unique interesting eats and really enjoyed tasting the interesting and creative dishes on the menu. We had the gator bites that taste like "fishy" chicken but if you squeeze fresh lime over it, it compliments the fishiness. The alforno roasted pear is divine. I can't remember tasting something so brilliant. The flaky crust gives texture to the soft pear and together it melts in your mouth. The service was attentive and our waitress recommended the great dishes we all shared. I love the local art all along the restaurant and the outdoor seating is a great option to have. I highly recommend arriving early on a busy weekend or you'll spend at least 45 minutes waiting for a table!
A must when you visit Orlando! !
If you want tasty overpriced food in very small portions, search no more. But don't  worry you will have to wait a long time for your sample size tapas. Save your money and effort, find a different restaurant. I been at many other tapas and had a very nice experience, but not at that place.
I've visited this restaurant numerous times. It's has cool funky art work covering all the walls. Food there is tapas style but always delicious! This is no buffet but the quality makes up for the quantity.
BEST PLACE EVER. love the environment, the the staff, I cant remember her name but the waitress we had was awesome. I live in Kissimmee now (much closer then where I use to live, I will be back again and again. thank you
We ordered the cajun skewers, egg rolls, seared tuna and oriental skewers.  All were very delicious.  The oriental skewers though had too much soy sauce making it extremely salty and the side noodles were tasty but the two did not complement one another.  However, I loved the atmosphere and energy and would definitely revisit if I lived in the area.
So good. We had the the Asian steak, pork belly sliders and banana pizza. All so freaking good. Especially the banana pizza. Sounds a little weird, but try it! Our server, Shannon, was fantastic! Very knowledgeable and friendly!
My first tapas experience. Loved this place! Can't wait to go back. Good food and entertainment.
I like tapa places in general.  However, this tapa place did not rank with any of my favorites in Florida.  Our group ordered 10 things off the menu to share.  I agree with one of the previous reviews that said "jack of all trades and master of none."  Their menu has many dishes, all are OK and non were spectactular.  However, if you're in the I-drive area, this is one of the only tapa places you'll come across and it is definitely worth a try.  They have a lot of art inside the restaurant, which makes the atmosphere nice.  You can also buy the art, but this is some of the weakest art I've seen.  In any event, it's a good place that is a little more upscale than the Ale House, but you may want to go to the Cuban, Greek (Opa), or Italian (Maggianos) restaurants that are nearby.
The ambiance is fun with all the art on the walls and there was even an artist doing his art. There is a bit of hit or miss on the food. The deconstructed whipped key lime for $10 was not good. The kids loved the Cuban sliders. The Quesadilla with fries, the fries were over cooked and it had the taste of burnt oil. The Albondigas Meatballs were good. The better dessert was the Rocky Road Pie. We would go back, but would be more judicious in our ordering. Sangria was great.
Atmosphere is nice, food is only appetizers though but it's a really fun night for girls night.
Eclectic atmosphere with a lot of energy. Brilliant blend of cuisines. Better than tapas portions - most dishes appropriate for two. Wait and host staff very friendly and engaging. Sangria was good, not great. Almond flan was great, best ever. Must have pear on pecan crusts and pork tenderloin with sweet potato salad. Pass on the flaming cheese. Artists in the midst of working and dancers on occasion through the evening paired nicely with the food. Felt exotic. Some tables need better lighting.
Awesome deco, live music, delicious (and cheap) tapas, great (expensive) drink menu. Fun Fact: The artwork on the walls can be bought. :)
GREAT environment....amazing food....and yummy sangria! This is a very unique place that you have to try.  There are flamenco (or something?) dancers that go around the isles....art work all over the place....and just a really cool environment. The food is finger foods and amazing.  It's great to go with a big group and split a lot of tapas, or even for a date. I highly recommend this place, and would be an AWESOME place for a date!
Very consistant and lots of varity we usually get 4-5 different plates and share.  We are always impressed and the price is fair.  If you don't mind the madness of International Drive than this place is great.
I love this place! The empanadas, mac&cheese and shrimp are my favorite. Definitely worth the trip to Idrive. I've only had slow service once but other than that- it's great!
This was one of  my favorite places when i was in college. So I took my kids so they can try it.  The hostess was a bit rude, she couldn't find our reservation and made a big deal when clearly there were plenty empty tables. After a bit of a debate she sat us right away. we had a great dinner. YOU HAVE TO TRY CUBA LIBRE Pork. It was amazing.   my second favorite which is an oldie but goodie was the Southwest Chicken Egg Rolls. The Service was FANTASTIC! Curtis was the best with his suggestions and the drinks were never empty. He cleared our table and took care of all our needs. Once we are back in town I will definitely go back and ask for Curtis. :)  The only issue was the not so bright hostess.
awesome food. awesome atmosphere.
I always love the food and the experience at this place. Very lively. Tonight was beautiful so we dined on the patio. Another great evening here until the waitress spilled a bottle of wine onto my boyfriend.  She and the manager were apologetic.. He removed the  charge for our wine off the tab, which we felt was more than generous.  Mistakes happen,  hopefully the wine comes out of his clothes.  Still, we'll be back and would recommend Tu Tu Tango.
My favorite place in Orlando. Micky's town is known for chain restaurants and generic dining.  This is the opposite. First, the atmosphere: colorful, dynamic and a little crazy.  Artists in residence working, their art on the walls for sale.  Creative canned music, and live later some nights.  Seating areas scattered around the space.  Fills the senses. Not to mention the food: varied and tasty, mixing flavors and textures.  I just wish there were more veggies and less meat, but that's me. I just took two business associates, one who lives in Orlando, and they loved it.  Couldn't get enough of the Cajun chicken egg rolls, the Asian steak skewers or the night's special - spicy sausage flat bread.  Loved the duck confit salad on another flat bread.  Loved the red wine sangria.  Loved it all. This is the kind of local place that any city would love.
Stopped in for lunch.  The food was fantastic!  We had the roasted pears, hummus, shrimp/kielbasa skewers, cajun chicken egg rolls, pork belly sliders, salmon burgers, and Cuban sliders.  The service was a bit too relaxed (slow) for my taste, and the decor was a bit distracting.  I enjoy good art, but found the overpriced paintings were pushed as soon as we were seated.  Poor pairing, with such great food.
A nice little place on I-Drive in Orlando which faces invasions from people in loud hawaiian shirts who are fans of Rachel (gag!) Ray.  If you look beyond that, this is a cool little place very eclectic in its decor, with local artists contributing their art for their walls. Service can be very spotty at times but they do try to be nicer if you point out crappy service to the wait staff ( I did and the waiter was contrite...and perhaps got back at me by spitting in my food... but the service kicked up a notch). I have had two trips there over the span of two years.  On my first trip I had a smoked salmon flatbread which was quite good and also not so great ropas viejas.  On the latest trip I had a duck confit salad which was a bit too busy for my taste, the ribs were decent nothing to run after..but the pork belly ...now that was something else.  Its one of those dishes that shows up everywhere and is totally in vogue...but not everyone does it well. This so called Reuben was fabulous and makes you want 5 of them.  Decent and well priced wines and my dining companions swore by their signature cocktails.   Overall probably a place I will go to again if going in a large group!
What a nice surprise- its quirky, eclectic, interesting and the food is simply fantastic.  I was eating alone and found that a soup and two plates was about the perfect size for me.  I ate here my first nite in town and had to come back the next night it was so good.  The Jalapeno Margarita was amazing and I'm not much of a marg fan but cant resist anything that say Jalapeno.  Not sweet, just a hint of spice, not sure what Tequila they used but it was goooood!!  Sopa de Leon for soup the first night was exceptional and the Black bean soup the next night was almost as good.  Oriental steak skewers and noodles were great as were the Cajun chicken rolls and the Dynamite Shrimp.  I'd go back to this place in a heartbeat- wish I had more time to do so!  Price is reasonable as well- $30 for margarita, soup, and two plates left me very satisfied!!
The food was excellent. Great  variety. Very eclectic menu. Way too noisy, though. Really could not carry on a conversation
This is a fun, funky and surprisingly uncrowded joint that features tapas-style small communal portions, live Flamenco dancers and local artists at work at tables all around you.  CTTT is slightly bohemian, slightly hipster and the food is more than slightly delicious. This is a great off-the-beaten path experience in the lunacy of Mousetown.  Our kids enjoy the funky artists, the music, the wild colors and we enjoy the drinks and the nibbles and the refreshing change of scenery. Check it out.
Great ambiance with energy. Food is really good. Small tapas style dishes aloe you to share and try many things. Empanadas were really good. Olives and Feta tasty. Jalapeño Mac and Cheese was good. Every dish we had was very good.
Great place to visit. Lots finger foods and very entertaining atmosphere. All paintings on walls are done by local artists and there are a different artists every night on site.
Very good, wide offering of food. Definitely try the alligator bites, dynamite shrimp, and chicken flautas! About three plates is enough for dinner :D Definitely a fun place to come with groups!!!
As good as I remember it from when I lived here in the 90s! The service was fantastic, the drinks reasonable and very good!! And of course the food was fabulous!! I recommend toasted pears and Cajun chicken spicy egg rolls!
i love the ambiance of this play it puts a smile on your face as soon as you walk in... there is tango music playing as well as artist painting on canvas right in front of you what i love the most this beautiful lady and man come by every table and dance the tango right in front of you its sooo entertaining....I love the FAMOUS eggrolls they come out so hot and tasty they are so delious and you have to try there home made brownie with icecream its amazing!! I love this place i hate that they closed the one in coconut grove but the next time i visit Orlando I will definetly stop there again love that place!!! SOOOO welcoming feels sooo homey...
Dynamite Shrimp, game over
Tapas restaurant,  great atmosphere , good food!  The roasted pears were delicious.  Original artwork for sale on the walls, tarot card readings.  Entertainment too. Would definitely recommend this place
great food lively  atmosphere fun place to dine
Great place and food.  I came to Orlando for the theme parks and had no expectation at all about the food since I thought everything would be a tourist trap.  Yelped helped me find this place and I was glad. I actually had a hankering for gator, and I love cajun food, so the jumbalaya really did the trick.  Though I won't be in Orlando anytime soon, this is a place I'll remember.
Have been a fan for years and this place keeps getting better! The new renovations have taken Tu Tu to an all new level. The patio is wonderful and the food is as good as always!
Sooo, last visit 5 stars. This visit, 3 stars. It's all about the service. Guinn is definitely not on her game tonight. Got my husband'a drink wrong and when called her on it she said "oh, I thought you were kidding". He wasn't. She was so slow I almost walked to the bar to get my second glass of wine. Twice my husband told her we wanted the chimichurri steak rare. Twice she repeated back 'medium' ....how was it delivered? Medium well. We sent it back. When it came  back properly cooked it was fantastic. We ordered 5 items for 2 people. That's about 2 too many.
We were looking for a place to get a good bite after a long day of traveling & theme parking, and found Cafe Tu Tu Tango on Yelp.  We didn't want to just hit up a recognizable chain so we were glad to find this place.  Agree with the other reviewers- the passion fruit sangria is yummy, and we ordered the jalapeno mac n cheese, glazed pear on pecan crisps, dynamic shrimp and spare ribs.  All were delicious. The ambiance was great as well, & reasonable prices.  Would highly recommend.
There isn't a lot to say about the decor that hasn't already been said. When walking in I was pleasantly surprised to see a good amount of artwork of all styles, and an artist hard at work on a painting in the front of the restaurant. They sell cute little hand painted magnets for $12, one of which my boyfriend got for me as a gift. I love the idea of seeing local artists showcased that way, and I restrained from buying a few paintings myself. Now for the most important parts: food and service.  The food was pretty good. I understand and appreciate the idea of tapas: small plates to be shared with the table. I would say that a few of the dishes could stand to have a slightly larger portion (3 pieces isn't really enough if you have a table of four people.) However, that small tidbit aside, the dishes were great. We tried the steak chimichurri, the jalepeno mac and cheese, the duck and chicken confit quesadillas, hummus, and spinach dip. I was not really impressed with the spinach dip (although I also didn't order it either) or the quesadillas, but the chimichurri was fabulous and the mac and cheese was so good we ordered a second dish. Two of us ordered the "famous" sangria; however, if that is worthy of fame, sangria is in a SAD state in this world. I don't know if it was because we were there around 5pm on a Saturday and they hadn't made a new batch, but it was horribly watered down, with very little flavor present. Our server, while polite, was endlessly flirting with one of the guys at our table, despite the fact that there were women at the table that could have been his girlfriend or mother. She didn't know, and should have toned it down just a bit. I am all for politeness and a bit of wit to get along with your guests, but she was quite over the top and ignored quite a few times when my mother or I would attempt to get her attention as she was laughing hysterically at my friend's (bad) jokes. Also, when my mother spilled some of her drink and we asked for more napkins, she just said, "I'll be back in a few minutes." She was right, she didn't come back for 5 minutes, and just dropped napkins on the table and walked away again. Aside from a less than stellar service experience, I'd return and try some different dishes and stay away from the sangria.
Love the atmosphere.  Our server was great.  I've had better tapas elsewhere, but the food was still good.  The dynamite shrimp is very similar to Bone Fish Bam Bam shrimp, which is delicious.  Overall, if ever in Orlando, would definitely go back.  The valet service was also excellent.
Tapas gone wild...in a great way. First, the ambience: full of Spanish feeling color and textures, a seemingly unlimited array of art for sale of all sizes, colors and styles. There was a woman creating art as we walked in and within ten minutes of being seated we were watching a belly dancer perform through the restaurant as we ordered the five tapas items we wanted. It was hard to limit it to five... You're encouraged to get up, peruse the art, come back and eat as your food arrives. Interactive and fun meets unstuffy sophistication in menu and food. Pork belly Reuben's, duck and chicken confit quesadillas and a take on Albondigas soup display a range of tastes executed near-perfectly. Oh yeah, and its very affordable!
Great!  If crowded, EAT AT THE BAR.  Mandy and Ryan were fun and incredibly knowledgable on the menu.  Heck, eat at bar if they're not crowded, too. Excellent mojito; interesting draft beers. We were there as convention attendees; CTTT felt way more like a vacation.  FUN, and felt very Real in this Oh So Disney of non-cities.
Probably bad that we kept eating dinner really late...It was sort of a struggle to actually find stuff restaurants that were still open in Orlando at the times we wanted to eat! This town is really only good for its theme parks and not really much else. Anyway I went here because my fellow yelper friend yelped this place!! I hope she sees this!! :)) I was really impressed by this place because it looked like it was one of those chain restaurants like a Mimi's Cafe but offered GOOD FOOD, not average, subpar quality food. Plus I expected the reviews to be wrong because the restaurant  was located in an area surrounded by a series of chain-touristy restaurants. To give you the gist of this place it is basically small plates, tapas. Steak - sweet meat but I probably could have made this myself, but better (and I don't cook lol) Ehhhh to this dish. Cajun Chicken Eggrolls - FAVE. I thought it was going to be gross and too americanized, but it had a uniqueness to it. It got too cheesy after awhile, but I really liked the crispness of it! It looked like it could have been one of those frozen eggrolls you buy from the grocery store, but it sure didn't taste like it! It was served in a cute little basket tray thing too! yelp.com/user_local_phot… Duck & Chicken Confit Quesadilla I love anything duck! Wasn't the best, but the duck wasn't dry as I expected. Really good! The sauce was not that great. It just tasted like regular salsa to me. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Cilantro Jalapeno Magarita Jalapeno in a magarita? Craazzzy. It was spicy too! yelp.com/user_local_phot… Mannn I really wanted the Empanadas but we were so full from what we got! But still managed to make room for the.... Banana PIzza I liked how it wasn't too banana-y or drenched with whipped cream (i hate whipped cream) So cute the way it was served too! It came out on a little easel like painters use. I loved the bits of graham cracker bits on the pizza. The dough was nice and soft and so good with the melting ice cream. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Great environment! Good for socializing and just FUN!
Easily one of my favorite restaurants in Orlando. The Dynamite Shrimp is unbelievable. I find myself craving it from time to time. So good! And the atmosphere is really unique with dynamic artwork everywhere and live entertainment. Such a fun place to be.I love it!
Honestly, I was sorely disappointed. Food was far over priced for getting something that was pre-prepared. and the flavor was far from something extraordinary. Some interesting sauces that came with the dishes I'll admit, but that's all.  Maybe the chef was having an off day, but my experience will not warrant a return visit.
Absolutely great place with a cool concept. Nicely decorated with friendly staff. The food is really good. The chocolate covered cheesecake is the perfect finish. Leave room for that dessert.
What a great place, such fun and the food was just delicious. It has different things, and their soup was just to die for...Sopa De Leon...OMG truly the best I have ever tasted.  We also had Pork belly Reuben, Spicy alligator bites, Cuban sliders, And shrimp and grits.  With just two of us, we could not finish it all, they give you nice portions,  Lots of food, and wonderful people.  The manager Greg came to our table, and told us all about the chef, which was very impressive.  Try it, I guarantee you will want to go back, I know I do, and ask for Brittany, she did a great job. Thanks
Very good!!! Small portions so you can try different things. Sangria is okay. The live music is great!!!!
Love this restaurant. We were in Orlando for fun, and drove all the way over here so I could make sure my boyfriend experienced the alforno pear... something or other. It is amazing! So good, and we always wish we ordered 3 of them. Alas, we went with a few other things that were good, but not quite up there with the pear dish. We also got the hummus (good), a goat cheese spread (good) and the braised spare ribs. All were really good. We also went there on a Tuesday night, so there was live music outside (which we got to sit right in front of) and some drink specials. Great ambiance and really enjoyed being there. So why the 4 stars? The braised rib dish (which is the meat from the ribs, and not on an actual bone) had a few grains of rice that had not been cooked, and when I bit into the dish I chipped a super small bit of my tooth. Quick pain, but more irritated that I went to a restaurant and chipped my tooth on some food. Service was great, and perfect for what you would expect at a tapas restaurant where you order slowly and food comes out when it is ready (so it is not on the same rhythm as a normal restaurant)
Really enjoyed our tapas apexed by bread pudding and creme brûlée
Great find hidden between chains and commercialized businesses. It's a must visit. Food is delicious and fresh.
I enjoyed my dinner! I had the Jalapeño Mac & Cheese and the Grilled Guava BBQ Glazed Pork Ribs! Everything was delicious. And my server Jon was nice.
All along a strip of higher end chains - is that a thing - is Tu Tu!  Went here with a group of co-workers during a recent conference and man was it a great time! We were treated right from the moment we arrived, the hostess was super helpful and we waited just a moment while our table was checked on. All was ready and we were walked through plenty of colorful artwork and even a belly dancer. The food was incredible, vegetarian friendly, affordable, fresh, full of flavor and perfect for sharing. The wine list was perfect for sharing a bottle, I found one for us three gals that was under $40.  Awesome. I purchased art, ate plenty, saw belly dancers and made fun memories with those I work with. It was a perfect visit and considering I have now been in that area more than once, I totally plan on going back.
Been here twice so far and I love the atmosphere, drinks and food!  I wish there was something similar to it in NY!
I absolutely love this place. I have been here several times over the past 20 years and it still maintains its intimate and artsy charm. A great place to meet for great food, and drinks. I love Ceviche downtown, and CTTT is a great alternative. More of a casual setting, and the drinks are "slightly" more affordable. I love the Mango Sangrias and Mojitos. The tapas were awesome, even the gator tail! Would definitely recommend, and go back again.
Yum!
We brought our 2 kids as a respite from Disney World and it was a perfect remedy to all the commercialism of Disney. We met working artists ( and watched them work), belly dancer and tarot card reader. All of them genuinely eager to share their art. The food was inspired and excellent. Kids loved the sloppy joes. We loved the ribs and black bean soup. This is the only independently owned restaurant on the strip apparently which I think is worth a lot. Highly recommend!!
According to my aunt who grew up in Venezuela and speaks fluent Spanish, the name of this restaurant is really pronounced "Du Du Dango".  I have no idea if that was really true because I don't speak Spanish, but that's what my parents were telling me when my family went there to eat. We went to Tu Tu Tango right smack in the middle of the afternoon on a Monday for a very late lunch, and the restaurant was practically empty.  I would have thought that, being on I-Drive, it would be a bit busier, but there were probably only 2 or 3 other tables of customers while we were there.  The first thing I noticed when we walked in was that somebody was doing a painting at a desk.  With no prior knowledge of what Tu Tu Tango was like other than that it served tapas, this greatly confused me at first.  But I was very happy to discover that the restaurant's walls were lined with works by local artists and that they were available for purchase. Between the four of us, we ordered a number of items to share.  The Tango Hummus came with the hummus itself plus crackers and thick fried chips to dip into the hummus.  The hummus was surprisingly to me not of a dipping consistency, but more with a dough-like texture.  This was new to me but it was still very good.  The Carne Asada was lime and beer marinated pieces of skirt steak on sticks, served with guacamole, salsa roja, and flour tortilla.  The Surf & Turf was exactly that - a combination of seafood and meat in small portions.  Both the Carne Asada and Surf & Turf were good, but nothing very memorable.  The Pork Cuba Libre at first came out half raw.  We had the waitress take it back and a new dish was promptly served to us within a short amount of time.  My favourite dish was probably the Mushroom Rockefeller, a dish of petite mushrooms and herb bread crumbs served in a cheese and spinach cream sauce.  It was so very tasty that I could not leave it alone.  Lastly, we also ordered the Macadamia Crusted Mahi Mahi Skewers.  I did not like this dish at all.  It was dry and tasteless, unfortunately. For dessert we ordered the Banana Pizza and a Creme Brulee.  The Banana Pizza was a dessert pizza with bananas, caramel, and walnuts as topping.  The pizza crust itself was not sweet, it was just regular pizza crust.  This was pretty good.  The creme brulee was also alright, but I've definitely had much better. The food itself here was probably a three, but I really liked the atmosphere and the fact that it sells paintings by local artists, so I'm giving it four stars.
One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Orlando, and worth braving the nightmare that is iDrive. The specialty drinks are amazing and the dynamite shrimp haunts my dreams. I have never tried a plate I didn't like and I love wandering around to see all of the great art. A fabulous place for a party or a low key date. Love love love!
My new favorite place!!! Ok, so about a month ago we almost came here, but than read the menu, kind of all over the place, and I became wary, perhaps "jack of all tradees master of none"? Fast forward to tonight, we are going to take my mother out, and we keep going through the old standbys, and just want something new. And we want to conserve the funds a bit. And not go to TGIFridays. Somehow this place popped back into my head, and we figured, lets go for it. I am so glad we did. When we entered (about 8:30pm on a Sunday) the place was pretty packed, but we were ushered to a table right away. The server (John Ryan) explained the menu to us.  And we sat and looked around the place. The artwork is eclectic and EVERYWHERE. There were several artists working. It is really a unique and beautiful space. We ordered the following Hummus; Nothing spectacular, but fresh and tasty, and had excellent seeded crackers with it BangBang Shrimp; Where have these been all my life. OMG. So good. And the sauce they put on them. It would make a piece of plywood tasty. I feared ordering these initially,as we have had several incidents with not-so-fresh shrimp, but these were fresh, and clean (yes I do occaisonally peel off the breading and check) Pizza: I love Pizza, Pizza loves me, and this Pizza was one of the best I have had, simple, flavorful, and a nice sized portion. I will take a second to point out, that while these are tapas style small plates, each dish was enough to give 3 people a decent tasting. Cuban Steak Skewers: The most tender flavorful meat! So good, and an excellent mild sauce. The fried potato cake that accompanied it was also very good, and nice spiced. Tenderloin Skewers: these were also good, came with a potato, and a gorgonzola sauce, which I didn't eat because I am an overall cheese hater. We also shared the cookies and ice cream dessert, which was perfectly portioned for 3, with chocolate chip cookies, and ice cream/hot fudge. JohnRyan was an excellent server, seemed genuinely nice (not fake nice, obsequious like many) and refilled my water at least 5 times. I really cannot say enough good about this place. The atmosphere was great (though I do not reccomend it for babies/toddlers as it is pretty loud, older kids will probably like it though, with all the bright artwork to look at) loved the Flamenco dancing We will definitely be back, SOON!!! (pricetag for everything $52)
food was just ok
A group of 5 of us ordered 2 drinks each, 13 dishes, and spent ~$40 each.  Our favorites were the Mac and cheese, dynamite shrimp, alligator bites, and glazed ribs.
Fun decor, service was friendly, can accommodate large groups. Belly dancing and very loud college energy. Food was OK, get the special bone marrow risotto and the Korean bbq wings are pretty amazing (not your regular wings) glazed with kalbi marinade.  The beer taster is a good deal especially if you can't decide, although miller lite is one of the choices....
I have to start by writing that I love communal eating.  I love the idea of ordering a ton of plates and sharing them all.  This is why I'm a fan of Chinese food, sushi, and tapas.  That is also why I immensely enjoy Cafe Tu Tu Tango.  As you have probably discovered by reading other reviews, all the dishes here are appetizer sized and the idea is that it comes out when it is ready so everyone should share.  In my opinion, this is the perfect way to enjoy a meal. Let's start with atmosphere.  This is a loud place, and I mean loud.  You do not want to conduct a business deal or have a overly serious conversation here.  This is a great place for a night out with the gals/sig other/cool family members.  I just would suggest to keep the party pretty small or know that whoever you sit next to, you will enjoy talking to just them.  I went close to a year ago with a table of ten and I could not hear two people over no matter how hard I tried.  Although it is loud, it completely fits the atmosphere.  This place is artsy.  There are paintings all over the place that you can purchase if you want.  At any time there may be someone painting, a tarot card reader, and/or performances.  I heard the performances are at 8 p.m.  They include belly dancers, African dancers, etc.  They have a bar area and outdoor seating, so you have plenty of choices of where you want to be.  Inside is pretty dark.  I'm only 23 and I still had a hard time reading the menu in that light.  However, this also fits with the atmosphere. The food is absolutely delicious.  We started with a carafe of mango sangria.  It serves exactly four people, so it was perfect for my party of four.  We ordered the polenta, braised short ribs, oriental beef skewers, salmon burgers, cuban sliders, and tomato and goat cheese flat bread.  The salmon burgers were delicious and my favorite.  Next was the cuban sliders.  They came on pretzel bread and was just perfectly salted.  Both came with delicious potato salad.  The oriental beef skewers were nicely seasoned.  However, the noodles that came with it were too spicy for my liking.  I absolutely loved the polenta, but I did not enjoy the mushrooms that came on top.  They had a strange acidic aftertaste and I ended up just taking them off.  I thought the braised short ribs also had a strangely acidic aftertaste.  It was not as strong as the mushrooms, but I still ended up taking only a bite and then passing it on to someone else.  The tomato and goat cheese flat bread was a good size and was delicious.  After the meal we got the rocky road cookie.  It was very heavy.  It came with ice cream.  It was good, but nothing to write home about.  We ended up taking half of it with us home.
I have to say that the food here was bad. Salty and plain. My family, of 14(!), came here to enjoy tapas. We were thinking authentic-style tapas from Spain (pan con tomate, patatas bravas, bocadillos, etc...) but in reality, the only thing tapas about this place are the small plates for sharing. What our family ordered: 5 cheese, Grilled Meatball and Grilled Pepperoni Pizza - You can't go wrong with pizza so this was the best dish of the night. These pizzas are not big so you have to order at least 4-5 plates to get a large party full Alligator bites - Dried, fried, bits. Not worth the calories Dynamite Shrimp - This was good. Little pieces of shrimp covered in a yummy sauce Alligator Jumbalaya - Not a fan. Uncle Ben's-like rice and quite soupy without any substance Picadillo Empanadas - Meh Cuban Sliders - Three small hamburgers. I don't think you can every go wrong with burgers so decent. Duck Confit Salad - Good. But can you really go wrong with leaves? Because of our large group, we ordered 3 plates per dish, which ended up being really expensive - Considering each dish was not outstanding, and quite small (hence tapas). Overall, our family thought the food was overly salty or overly bland. I have to say though that the ambiance is pretty neat. The restaurant is very colorful and the bar area looked like a great space to kick back and enjoy Margaritas. The service was friendly as well. I can see why this restaurant might be a popular tourist destination though. It's different. It's quirky. Dotted around the restaurants are local paintings (I think?) that are for sale. Any place that sells local art is great. But, just for our family, this is one place we won't be returning, because at the end of the day the food needs to be good. As a departing thought, DO NOT order the soups. They were so incredibly salty that we left them untouched.
Their slogan is "food for the starving artist."  If I was around food like this all the time, I'd starve myself, too. The food at Tu Tu Tango was so bad that it was the tipping point for me to join Yelp and write restaurant reviews. I have had tapas at many different restaurants around the country and world.  I have eaten at very expensive, moderate, and cheap places, and the food has generally been what I expected from a restaurant of a particular caliber. The food here was, well... terrible.  We ordered the saganaki, grilled shrimp skewers, empanadas, seared salmon, and braised lamp chops, with a pitcher of mango sangria.  The lamb was the only redeeming dish, and the saganaki was so-so.  The rest? Awful: -The grilled skewered shrimp was translucent - clearly undercooked.  The green compote it came with was awful- tasted like someone had mowed the lawn and used grass purree.  Sent it back and got refunded -The seared salmon tasted like it had been cooked 3 hours ago and sitting in a pool of fish sauce.  Definitely NOT what seared salmon should be like. -The empanadas had beans from a can in it.  Now this is not necessarily a bad thing, but it is when mixed with the other flavors- it tasted like dog food (there should be no Old El Paso in $8 empanadas) Terrible food for middle american tourists that don't have a clue about real tapas
My fiancé and I have been coming here for over three years. Each visit is such an amazing experience- belly dancers, novelty artists turning your picture into keychains, and incredible food. We love the tapas style that allows us to share multiple dishes and enjoy a variety of flavors. The cold spinach dip is amazing along with the Argentinian chimichurri steak. Definitely recommend!
This is a one of a kind place. Where else can you have a great meal with great service surrounded by talented artists? The place was colorful and vivid and has more space than I expected and busy with loads of staff and customers.  There was everything from dancing to paintings to music happening there. The food was excellent (not your typical tapas!) especially when it's paired with the sangria.
Excellent place! Portions are just right and the service was excellent! Complementary valet, nice atmosphere and performers. Will be back.
Gave this place a try based on all the great reviews, and glad that we did.  I wouldn't say that the food is spectacular but it's not horrible either, hence the three stars. Here's what we ordered: Pears on cracker:  Savory and sweet with arugula.  SO GOOD!  BEST DISH! Alligator gumbo:  Blah Guava glazed ribs:  Hit with the teenagers Mac n Cheese:  Actually, surprisingly good.  Not too runny, but rich and flavorful Scallops with sweet corn:  Too salty Pork Belly Sliders:  Least impressive, bland Fig and Prosciutto pizza:  Have had better, not enough or poor quality prosciutto probably Banana Pizza:  Toppings were really good (caramel, bananas, whipped cream) but the pizza dough was almost too yeasty and salty.  Probably should be a touch more sweet to the dough. Banana Bread Pudding:  DRY, DRY, DRY
Eclectic, funky, fun. Loved it!
Love it. Great food. Great idea (tapas). Great entertainment.
This place is AWESOME! Everything I had was absolutely delicious. We had the mango sangria, alforno roasted pear, alligator bites, jalapeño mac & cheese, and creme brulee. The roasted pear was so good, I only shared one bite with my friend and banned her from touching the rest of my plate. I'm allergic to jalapenos and usually don't like it, but I tried one bite and for once wished I could have more. The burning stopped me from having any more. The alligator bites have a little kick to them but was worth the burn (PS I'm sensitive so some people probably wouldn't even think it was that spicy). The creme brulee was amazing and pretty big. Definitely a sharing dish. We were so full, but still managed to clean our plate. The ambiance was great! Art everywhere, with artists scattered around painting and working. Love the artsy feel. There was even a tarot reader who just took donations. Very fun place where you'd never get bored.
This semi-Spanish tapas style restaurant holds a special place for me - not because it's the best food ever, but because it was the first time I ever ate mushrooms.  Many thousands of years ago when I hated all things that sprang form the earth, my parents tricked me into eating some mushrooms here and I loved them - ever since I gotta have them in all their glorious guises wherever I go...unfortunately the dish isn't on the menu anymore but the food is still very enjoyable.
Food for the starving artist. Great restaurant concept - but the food itself falls short of a masterpiece. Don't get me wrong, the food was good albeit saucy and there were plenty of vegetarian tapas dishes for us to choose from but I would have expected better presentation and more interesting flavors from an all-about-art-establishment. We had the black bean soup, spinach salad with candied walnuts and goat cheese and the falafel. Being a creme brulee fanatic, I was particularly disappointed in theirs. It was cold, like it had just been pulled out of the fridge instead of warm and creamy and caramelized with a torch. We called ahead to see if we needed a reso and were told the entertainment was a belly dancer that would start around 7:45. We arrived on schedule to find some dude walking around, banging on a drum instead. A bit of a let-down. However, it was cool that there were live artists working throughout the restaurant and all the art on the walls is for sale. Service was a bit spotty as well as the waitress kept asking if I wanted another Sangria several times despite the fact that I said I was driving and did not want another drink yet she ignored my empty water glass until I vocalized my need to quench my non-alcoholic thirst.   BOTTOM LINE: Fun and unique, except for the food.
Service was great.  Food was okay depending what you get.  My coworkers got the strawberry salad which i definitely recommended and I will order next time.  The southwestern pizza is amazingly spicy and good.  The steak is a bit chewy if you get the soft taco thing..if forget the name.  My mother and I ordered too much but we wanted to try certain things.  I didn't think the red sangria was good..it was a bit bitter.  The white sangria (peach/mango) is sweeter n preferred if you like sangria.  I suggest getting the margarita instead.  Make room for dessert!  We loved he banana pizza :) Next time will be 4.5stars if we order less n have it jsut right!  The decor is nice, has warm tones, tons of artwork, great people, and music.  Most people come here to mingle, order appetizers, and drinks.  Great for groups!
4 stars for: - beef short ribs (amazing! our favorite) - jalapeno mac & cheese - alligator jambalaya (warm and spicy - great for a cold night) - red sangria - cool decor! lots of funky art, felt like we were eating in an art warehouse overrated in my opinion: - steak skewers (good, but just ok in comparison to the things above) - cheesecake lollipops (comes w/4 lollipops - couldn't eat more than 1 per person, so best if you have a group of at least 3. very creamy but the cheesecake flavor was overpowered by the chocolate shell) mostly -1 star for price! portions were small, we had to get 4 dishes + 1 dessert between the 2 of us. came out to be ~$50
If you are younger crowd and in the "spring break party mode" don't understand art, and don't mind insanely loud, then this is a place for you.  If you are a seasoned professional who values what you eat and drink, understand art and enjoy business or leisure conversation - stay away!  This place is as loud in distasteful chinsey decor, as it it noise loud (nice belly dancer, but unnecessary).  Food is mediocre at best... If you value your money and what you eat, the food is not for you.  If you are looking for small bites to get out of the way, then you're in luck.  I disliked the way to juvenile for my taste super over the top "Sr. Froggish" spring break Jersey Shore-like party attitude.  Bad art, no really BAD art.  Entertaining, but I couldn't hear my dinner companions over the noise, and it was so cluttered it just was not for me.  But I'm sure the younger and hip will definitely find a good time, because it is wild and sassy and has attitude and the cute little plates of some dishes like the fish skewer was underseasoned, and the chimichurri skewer was overly chewey and salty but looked cute.  The worst strawberry covered with chocolate I've had.  Empanadas, not bad.  Duck Confit Quesadilla, not bad.  Dirty martini - cold, was ok.  LOUD! It does fit in the with ZIPPITY DO DA attitude of the area, so if you are curious, its a wild version of Rainforest Cafe on small plates...
I can only recommend this place for people to experience a restaurant that is displaying different types of arts, and watch the belly dance show. The food is really for tasting, not your typical place where you want to go when you're hungry. My family and I came here knowing how great it was. We enjoyed the decor--painted arts everywhere for sale. Even though our server warned us about the portion size, we were very disappointed because of how expensive the dishes were for appetizer sizes. We had alligator bites, goat cheese, salmon burger, egg roll, chicken quesadilla, duck & beef, cheesecake lollipop, and banana pizza. Don't get me wrong, the food were great. However, I wouldn't want to come here again because of food portion size and its prices.
Cafe Tu Tu Tango is so neat! But definitely a tourist friendly restaurant right on Orlando's International drive. I've been here only once before a couple years ago. My boyfriend and I decided to give it another try upon our day trip to Orlando. The atmosphere is fun and festive. There's local artists painting murals and creating art right in the center of the restaurant. There's tons of cool art displayed all over the restaurant, and it's all for sale! They encourage you to take a walk around. On the weekends, they have guitar players and people dancing tango. It's a really upbeat atmosphere. Maybe a little too hectic for extremely young children. The food is kind of pricey, but again it's in a heavy tourist location. It's a tapas place, so naturally everything comes out in small portions to share. All of them ranged from about $8 - $13 dollars? We ended up trying 4 different tapas. The Argentinian style chimichurri steak was good. I do wish it was a little just hotter temperature wise. I liked the lemon flavored grits that same with it. Next came the picadillo empenadas, not bad at all. But I've had way better and bigger empenadas for a lot cheaper. Then there was the lagostino mac & cheese. It had a huge amount of crushed almonds on top. It kind of threw off the flavor of the dish if you ask me. We also tried the five cheese pizza. That was delicious, especially if you like goat cheese! For dessert, we had chocolate dipped cheese cake lollipops. This dish was really fun! The tasty and sweet cheesecake was complimented well with the less sweet dark chocolate sauce it was dipped in. I also like the strawberry glaze that came on the plate. It added another nice compliment. We also had the chocolate calzone. I wasn't to crazy about this. The calzone skin was kind of tough. Not worth the price if you ask me. All in all, Cafe Tu Tu Tango is a fun restaurant. It'd be a great place to have a birthday party with the life entertainment. I would recommend the place to any tourists I know traveling through the area.
Service and food was great! The wait staff was incredible in assisting us picking out drinks and food and really made it feel like a homey atmosphere. The artwork is also incredible! They have artists in the restaurant painting frequently which truly adds to the environment and the experience. Would highly recommend.
I am in love with Tu Tu Tango! After living in Orlando for 5 years, I FINALLY tried it and I was not disappointed. The atmosphere is so eclectic and awesome, there is so much to look at! I have yet to have a bad meal from here. A few highlights off the long list of items I ordered: the falafel (amazing!), hummus (so yummy), the salmon sliders (awesome), banana pizza (so original and sooo good) and last, but certainly not least, the sangria. Perfect place for a celebration!
Name's kinda misleading. Ok bar food, kinda overpriced, and no tango :S
Decor: 4/5 -As Janene had mentioned, this place is LOUD (but in a good way) -Tonight had African drummers, keychain photography and magicians -Four kitchens strategically placed so your food comes out quick Service: 3/5 -average service Food: 3/5 -Argentinaean-style Orange Chimmichurri Steak comes with 3 cubes on 3 skewers each. At $6, its probably one of the best tapas deal. -Grilled Guava BBQ Glazed Pork Ribs ($9) comes with about 6 ribs. The sauce was BBQ heavy and not enough guava -Dynamite Shrimp  ($10) had at least 12 baby shrimp dunked in mayo. Be careful with this tapas because you will feel sick from the mayo overload. -Spiced Alligator Bites ($8) resemble popcorn chicken and tasted like it too. The Key Lime Mustard gives a yummy kick. Highly recommended. -Seared Salmon Mini Burgers ($8) came with 3 mini-burgers with bread that was a bit on the stiff side and the salty salmon. The potato salad wasn't that great either. Avoid this. -Creme Brulee had a homemade custard which reminded me of a combination of flan and pudding. Not the creme brulee that I'm use to. The caramelized top layer wasn't really caramelized so that was disappointing. -Of all the tapas, my favorite were the Picadillo empanadas ($7) and the cilantro sour cream. The spicy beef was fresh and tasty. Overall 3 stars because of the price (and this is after living in NYC for 3+ years!)
Great place to go! Lots of interaction with Dancers and Artists!!  Food is great...small portions (Tapas) allows you to try a variety of items.
Very impressive! It is an interesting place. You walk in with some artist painting, selling their paints. Their menu is very creative, not a typical tapas once would expected. Their food is very tasty too! I was there on a weekend night, all of a suddent someone is performing in the middle of the restaurant! I thought that was cool!
Went here with my cousin and his boyfriend when they were in town. This place turned out to be really, really fun. It's one of those places that I've always heard about, then years passed and I never went. And it turns out I definitely should have went long ago! Luckily only a few of those places probably still exist for me! I had a reservation for around 8:15 and we walked into a very, very busy place at 8. They were able to seat us immediately and we got our food quickly too. Empanadas, pizza, spinach dip, bone marrow croquettes (sorry, they had a more creative name that I can't remember) and jalapeño mac and cheese. Loved it all.   Even bought some artwork for my husband from a really talented artist with a ton of prints to choose from. These four stars are covered in awesome sauce.
In a setting made of dim, sexy lights, stucco walls and aged hardwood floors this is much more than a tapas bar.  An eclectic assortment of ideas and creativity, Cafe Tu Tu Tango showcases the work of local artists and has an in-house psychic, along with a clay sculptor and two flamenco dancers.  The female dancer had the grace of a swan and the curves of an hourglass, sparking the preteen juices of the boys that were on vacation with my son and I in Orlando.  Their mouths were agape with lust (I wasn't too far behind them).  The food was a wide assortment of tasty dishes. Beware: tapas appear to be affordable, quick eats until you begin to whet your appetite. If the food is as good as it is here and you decide to gorge on these small-portioned items, at $9 a pop, expect a bill that resembles that of a more exclusive establishment.
