My family and I had a lot of fun. Very kitschy. I thought the food was okay. My mom got sick from it though, so if you have a sensitive stomach you are forewarned. The show was funny, and after spending a week on vacation in Florida and eating at restaurants and fast food joints the whole time this was a nice change.
The show was fantastic but the buffet left some to be desired. The show was witty and entertaining. The wait staff were great and kept the drinks full in front of you. The food was cold and not what I expected.
This Amazing dinner show has been around for many years the show is based on gangsters and Al Capone the idea is that you're in a stuffie speakeasy during the Prohibition era the acting is done by professional actors the food quality has come up over the last couple of years and still unlimited alcohol and non beverages if you're looking for a great way to spend an evening a way from the hustle and bustle of the theme park world this is a place to relax and unwind and have a great time.
Food was delicious!!! Everyone one the staff was outstanding!! We met the cashier and a cook and they were both awesome. The director of sales and marketing was VERY HEPFUL!!!
So so
Don't know if it's still there or not, but if it is ... pass.  Food was absolutely horrible.  Almost as if they just poured generic Chef Boyardee into the Sterno tray and served it.  Show wasn't even that funny.  I guess when you can find 50% off coupons everywhere it must not be that good. Oh well, live and learn.
Awful, unappetizing food.  Extremely cheesy performances.  I was uncomfortable throughout.  Some talented actors working with a pretty lame script. The place is not well run at all, despite having a great theme and enthusiastic people working there.
Yes, Capone's is campy, corny and cheesey. And no, don't go for the food. The food (at best) is fair. However, we were looking for laughs, a few drinks and a good time. Capone's fit the need. My husband and I had a great time! Laughed! Dressed the part... and smiled.
Show and food were poor. Some funny parts and friendly staff but overall, I would have skipped this. I'm pretty sure that they always have "half price" tickets for sale in order to lure in more guests. It's not worth it, even it at "half price." Skip this and check out other options in the area.
Went to this show to make my girlfriend happy. seen the clips on you tube and was not to impressed. We get to the building and this this guy in a zoot suit hanging out with the whole line keeping everyone entertained while we all wait for the doors to open. Once it was time to go into the show, it was like you are at the mob hang out spot... secret doors, passwords..... loud cocky Italians just like you would think the mob guys were. the food..... All you can eat Italian food. meatballs, spaghetti, chicken parmigiana, pot roast, ham, mash potatoes/ gravy... bread sticks. All the food was great. Now they do advertise UNLIMITED DRINKS.... beer, couple mixed drink choices, and soda........ the mixed drinks are not watered down, the beer is cold and the soda is soda. and your cup will never be empty.. We had Joey Too Slow as our waiter and he was great, i was drinking beer and my girlfriend was drinking rum and coke. we never looked for the waiter for a refill, our cups were always full or half empty.. GREAT SERVICE!!!!!! The Show ........FUN!!! I was stunned at the whole thing. they really got the act down. never missed a beat!! your cheeks will hurt leaving this place. They have a scripted show they go by, but there was a lot of improv also throughout the show.. which made the show that much better! while on our trip we went to three shows.. Pirates, Arabian nights and this show.. three totally different shows but hands down the Capone Dinner and Show was the best! by the way there is a coupon in one of the tourist guide books that gives you  50% discount on the show/dinner..
Food was not great.  Had been sitting on a buffet for at least 45 minutes when we got in line.  We were the second table at the buffet.  Drinks were kept full, but the mixed drinks were very weak.  If you order beer or wine you got your fill.  Show was cheesy, but I was not overly disappointed in it.  The big let down was the quality of the food and the service.
Ok, honestly the Original show was much much better, if it were still the same show I would rate this place a 5. People often say the food is horrible, well I have been to plenty of dinner shows in the area and by far Capones has the best food, plus its ayce. The alcohol drinks are watered down, but hey, they are free... and I don't think children would really enjoy this show. BUT for the price (find yourself a coupon, there everywhere) and the food and the show, it's a fun night out.
While the food is just okay, the show is wonderful!  The servers get involved with the show and the cast is of Broadway caliber.   The gangsters are funny, the songs are vibrant, and the dancing is phenomenal!  It's well worth the money!  I am going for my second time this week!
We live in the Orlando area.  When we want to have a fun night out at a dinner theater, we go to Capone's.  The staff is awesome, unlimited booze, fun show and service, etc.  The food is not the greatest, but don't go for the food.  If you want awesome food, don't go to any touristy dinner theater.  It's a well-run, fun night out.
My husband and I went last night for Valentine's Day, since our Valentine's tradition is doing cheesy stuff in tourist town that we'd never otherwise do since we live in Orlando and typically try to steer clear of Kissimmee. We basically chose Capone's because we thought it would be funny to go and because there was a 50% off coupon online, but we both ended up having a great time! The staff was fantastic, they were all in character the whole time and were all friendly, helpful, and attentive. It seemed like they really enjoyed what they were doing and they really helped to keep the overall vibe fun. The show was funny and the acting was good, corny but intentionally so. The food was fine, not unbelievable but nothing to complain about. I feel like some of the other reviewers mistakenly thought they were going to see a realistic rendition of The Godfather complete with entrees from Del Frisco's, which is just ridiculous. It is what it is! And for what it is, it's good. With the coupon on their website it was only $30 each, and for a show, a buffet, and unlimited free booze, I thought it was well worth it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5: When we arrived, there was a huge line outside. We ended up not having to wait in it at all because we booked tickets online, which was awesome, but we very nearly got in the back of the line because we didn't know what was going on or where we were supposed to be. We just luckily happened to see someone in a costume in the middle of a bunch of people that looked like he was handing out tickets, so we asked him. I don't know if this is how it always is or if it's because it was Valentine's Day. It also took a super long time before everyone was seated and the show began, which wasn't awful for us since we were seated early and were enjoying interacting with the cast inside, but would have probably sucked had we been in that line for well over an hour. We also didn't leave until almost midnight, which I wasn't expecting. But again, maybe this is just because it was Valentine's Day, and it didn't ruin the night.
I have gone to Capone's twice in the span of a month. It was just as great the second time round. I went with my friends the first time to try it out and see if it was a great place to take my grandparents for their 46 anniversary. Overall two thumbs up and if I had more there would be. The buffet was had some great choices but the ones they kept getting praise while I was there were the meatballs, lasagna, and at the carving station the pork chops, and the London broil. Everything else that was on the line was great too but those were the highlights. The waiters both times we went were very cheery and you could tell they had fun. The show was overall hilarious and the best part is it was more adult humor but censored for younger children. Overall I would come again and again for the price they offered. It's definitely a gem (ya see what I did there) hidden away but I am glad I decided to check it out.
Believe it or not the food was great. We travel a lot and attend many dinner shows and usually the show out shines the food but this time it was the opposite. The meatballs were especially good. The drinks were a different issue. The white Zin was served from a plastic pitcher and was watered down. The mixed drinks and draft beer was weak. The only thing real was bottled beer and that you pay extra for. As for the entertainment I was disappointed. I was expecting more of the 1940s type dancing and music but it was more of an acting skit. When they did sing and dance it was good but too little of it. All in all it was ok but disappointing. A one time visit.
We attended this as the last show before we headed home from vacation (after attending both the Out of Control Comedy Show, and Sleuths) and unfortunately, I think it suffered a bit in comparison. We upgraded and got VIP service, arrived an hour previous to the show, and were somewhat sorry that we did - the bar/gambling aspect at the lounge wasn't something to really show up early for. They had only one table with blackjack, one with roulette, and not enough seats for everyone that wanted to play, so we would up sitting around and nursing our drink. Though we were "VIP" and supposed to be the first seated, we watched about 15 people already seated. We did get a private table for the VIP charge, though, so that was likely worth it. The food wasn't that bad - to be honest, I almost never expect much out of dinner & show fare having been conditioned by Medieval Times to expect drek, but the salad bar was fresh and the Lasagna wasn't bad at all. We did not try the carving station. Rum Runners. Holy cow, they're pretty good and plentiful. I had to threaten to take back my tip from the waiter if he didn't stop filling my glass. The waitstaff is incredibly on the ball. The show itself is cheesy, almost cartoonish, and we has some pretty boorish heckling jerks just to the right of us that started getting stupidly annoying as the show went on, but the actors held a decent cadence and were pretty funny. If you can get into it, and you get the actors on a good night, it's entertaining if you like silly comedy, wiseguy themed improv, and the occasional old song crooned out. My one major complaint is that they really do kick you to the curb when it was over - my kid wanted to meet and get photos with some of the actors, which was a typical feature at every show that we attended in Orlando on our vacation, and at this place? No dice. There's the door. Use it. Buh-bye. Um. Thanks? The fact that they mill about beforehand doesn't really take the place of that - you have no idea that they're the entertainers, or who their characters are to care about them as anything more then accents to the ambience. It was a bit of a drawback. As an experience on the whole, I think its worth it if you get/use the discounts folks have already outlined, but the presentation really needs to be tightened up a bit as a pseudo-immersion experience. It was good, but not great, and felt a bit unfriendly at the end.
Let me start by breaking this down into 2 categories. Category 1: you want to get drunk category 2: you love crappy dinner theater and chef boyardee tasting spaghetti and meatballs. If you pick option 1 then I highly reccomend. drinking wine only and not wasting your time with the jungle juice or other pink panty droppers. If its option 2 then this is the place for you. Crappy food, waaaaay worse meatballs, And even worse dancing to barely make you keep the food in your stomach. Al capones speak easy will make....your stomach un-easy.
As a restaurant I would give this place 3 stars, but as a Dinner Show I would say 4 stars is good. The show is entertaining, the performers are talented in quick wit, singing, and acting. The food is mediocre at best, but when you consider the price of $30 for a 2 hour show, unlimited beer/wine/drinks, what would you expect? It wasn't terrible. They do try to sell you a picture package, but very low pressure sales. They basically dropped the pictures at your table and left it with the prices. Someone came by later to see if you wanted it or not without asking you to buy anything. Not the best show, not the best food, but it was a great night out for $30 a person so I would definitely say go check it out.
Where do I begin? Well, for starters, the whole thing was pretty much what I expected. Which is not a good thing. The Show: Meh. The singers were OK. But there was very little substance, and would bore to tears anyone with all but the shortest of attention spans. Don't expect plot, consistency, or really much of anything. Food: Very meh. I ended up eating the cheese off of a slice of pizza, and the ricotta out of a lasagna square. The rest just was not appetizing to me.  A friend who was with me likened it to a school cafeteria during the recession. Cheapest ingredients you can find, and questionable shelf life. The dessert was an insult. It was basically more of the pizza dough with a paper-thin smear of applesauce and dusted with cinnamon and powdered sugar. Like I said, I was not expecting much, so I can't get too disappointed, right? No, son, I was disappoint. I left satisfied only because I didn't have to pay for it. Unless you're a fan of nonsensical childish cabaret and awful food, don't bother. The ONLY reason to go here is for the unlimited 'adult' beverages, and you're going to need them to get through the next 3 hours of your life. For $50 there are TONS better places to go that you could feed TWO people, not just one, AND be entertained.
We had a good time... The show was good.. The unlimited alcohol was even better- I'd give it 3 1/2 stars but its not an option... There were some hiccups. In the beginning of the show after the little video, someone canceled the video and left an open window shining on the curtain... Looked pretty bad considering I used to be an IT... The food was less than great... But for the price ($25 a person after military discount) you can't beat it... I think I drank my fill.. Lol. We have 3 little girls that we left with grandma, and I'm glad we did... They advertise this as a family friendly show and it had a lot of crude humor. Which was good for adults :) At the end of the day... Even though it sounds like a bad review it was worth checking out!!!
This is a return visit for us. The buffet is really good food. Dena-Gena whatever is a pain of a waitress         ( you will love her). The show had great audience participation.  We will return whenever we are in the town.Rum Runners drink up.
In the interest of full discosure, I was offered tickets to go see Capone's and have dinner on 'the family,' but that said, I'm going to try very hard to review the show, atmosphere, food, and experience as is I had been a paying customer. The regular price for dinner & a show at Capone's is $60 per adult, but you'd be hard pressed to find someone who paid full price, as there are all sorts of discounts and coupons available if you take 30 seconds to google it. Even their website sometimes runs a special for 50% off. I'm not sure if I think the experience and food were worth $60, but I'd definitey be willing to go back again at $30/person. Also, something to consider is that in addition to beer & wine that are generally included in the price at other dinner shows, they also offer a few different mixed drinks and a pretty delicious rum runner punch, so that adds to the value for some people. Normally, seating for dinner is at 7:30pm. If you arrive at least an hour early, instead of waiting in line outside in the heat, you can head inside early and go upstears to the private bar. To do this, you do have to purchase at least one drink per person, even if it's just soda. The bartenders were friendly, and the performers who came up to take us to our tables stayed in character even when they had to delay us a few minutes. Once we were seated downstairs, the table aready had salad (with dressing on the side - awesome for preventing sogginess) and breadsticks, and our server came over to get our drink orders as soon as we sat down. He was awesome, and kept our drinks refilled all night, made sure we got more breadsticks when we wanted some more. He also stayed in character the entire night, and was just a great server in general. Be forewarned, though - they really like to keep you drinking, and might tease you a little bit if you're the DD or you just want some water/soda, though it does go with the whole speakeasy theme. Some people expect that kind of 'interaction' at dinner theater shows, and some don't, so I thought I should mention it. Also, the performers were already out and about, interacting with different tables, which was a nice way to give you something to watch without making you fee rushed to eat. Once we were finished with salad, we were told to go to the buffet whenever we were ready. The buffet isn't huge, but it was sizable, with a good selection of classic Italian food, and an almost equal seection of 'standard' buffet fare - mashed potatoes, stuffing, ham, turkey, roast beef. We loaded our plates up with a variety of options. The best things I had were the pizza (cheese & pepperoni were both available), the meat lasagna (there was also veggie lasagna), and the mashed potatoes. The spaghetti was pretty generic, but not bad, and the same goes for the mac & cheese. We were underwhelmed by the roast beef and the stuffing. I'd say stick to the Italian food. Also, some items could've been hotter - the meatballs seemed kind of lukewarm to me. Your waiter will happily get you a clean plate if you'd like to take another trip. It definitely was not close to the worst food I've had at a local dinner theatre, but it also wasn't super high quality. It was a good dinner, and combined with the show, atmosphere, and drinks, I think it was worth the cost. On to the show! All of the performers were fantastic, and the singing and dancing was great. I believe they've been doing the same show for a few years, but the person who was with me remembered seeing this show two visits ago and then a different one in between, so the might rotate them. The nice thing about this show was that it wasn't a murder mystery, so you didn't really have to do any 'work' as audience members, though there was still enough audience interaction to keep you from feeling like you were just watching a normal play. There were also more adult jokes - nothing offensive - than I expected, which was great. All of the performers worked really well together, even if something threw them off, which was awesome to see. At intermission, they brought out dessert. It would be nice to have 2 or 3options to choose from, but the chocolate cake that was the only option was pretty good, and you could also have coffee if you wanted to. At this point, you also had the option of purchasing souvenir photos. The photos are different from most packages you can get at other similar places, as they're actually themed to the 'criminal' lineup backdrop they shoot the photos in front of, which was fun. After admission, the show finishes up, and that's the end of the night! Overall, it was a lot of fun, the food was alright, and the entertainment is awesome. I would definitely recommend checking it out if you're looking for a different experience from Medieval Times or the other 'murder mystery' dinner theatres in the area, but be sure to check their website (or google) for specials they're running to save some money.
Excellent Value for $30-$35 (includes dinner & drinks!) For the money all 3 are excellent food, show and drinks. I like to visit this dinner show once a year. Talented and entertaining wait staff & entertainers. Onwners & Management should be proud to offer our area a high quality, reasonably price dinner show.  Excellent for visitors who may not be rich.
When I went here with friends, I had reservations expecting something else. While campy, I enjoyed the show and entertainment.  The servers kept the humor running when the actors were off stage and the food was what I expected.   Definitely worth going to see and I do plan to ago again with friends. The actors were a lot of fun and seem to enjoy the roles. I 'm giving 4 stars because there is room for improvement and I did feel a little cramped (I expected dinner tables, not rows, for example).   I look forward to my next visit.
There is something special in my heart for dinner theaters.  It combines two of my favorite things, comedy/acting and food.  I think if people go into a dinner theater with a  bad attitude, it doesn't matter how amazing it is, people are gonnna hate.  Capone's in my eyes, is one of the better dinner theaters in Orlando. Let's break it down kids..... Food: The food is about as standard Italian gets.  It is in a buffet.  It ain't your momma's homemade pasta, but it holds up to be a decent and filling meal.  They also offer pretty much standard Thanksgiving fixings as well, potatoes, gravy, stuffing, turkey, honey ham(mmm).  A bit odd for the theme, but I wasn't complaining! Out of other shows I've gone to, it was the second best I've had. We'll say 3 stars Drinks: Man oh man, they don't skimp on the drinks!  I nearly had to fight my server off from bringing me a fresh beer everytime he came by, which is a good thing, and I would have fought a lot less if I wasn't driving later.  They have wine that was good, mixed cocktails, and some rum punch drink. I didn't get a chance to endluge in the liquors, but other tables were asking for pitchers of the stuff. I'd give the drinks 5 stars. Entertainment: The show is funny. Yes, the show is cheesy, but in a perfectly melted on your Philly cheesesteak cheesy.  All the actors were extrememly nice, and even busted my balls for not putting a ring on the gf's finger(had a really good laugh with them).  The singing wasn't bad, never a song I wished would hurry up and end.  The laughs were constant and the vibe was very lively.  I'd gladly give them 4 stars for the show. Bravo! All in all, Capone's is a great change of pace from your everyday dinner and boring conversation with your significant other.  It seems you can always get tickets for half off (full price would be a bit rough at $60), so for about $30 you get unlimited Italian and Thanksgiving dinner, More drinks then you could fathom in a 2 hour period, and an entertaining show.  Tell me ANYWHERE you could get the same amount of stuff for that price.  Seriously, you just spent $30 at a dive bar last night.....Fo-get about it!
This has to be the cheesiest dinner show in the area lol. The acting is not even high school level. The food is served buffet style and was already setup prior to anyone being let into the theatre. It consisted of a sad salad some dried out yet mushy pasta and some mushy tasteless canned veggies. The following show was only amusing because it was so overly corney.
We had an incredible time!!! Yes, the show was a bit cheesy. But the time frame the theatre is set in, 1920's-30's was a very cheesy time. All about laughs and endings where everything works out. The food was good, not over the top amazing but good. In fact, it was better food than the Alahambra dinner theatre in Jacksonville! And it was PACKED on a Saturday night. We loved the acting and the overall interaction of the service staff and cast. Everyone is in character before, during and after the show, and as an actress I LOVED that. Great talent with a good script and so much fun. The reason why I gave four stars instead of five was minor technical things like not all the lights on the stairs working, (Half of the lights out on certain steps, etc). That was the ONLY issue we had. It's fun, and expensive, but you can always find 50% coupons which tells me that their more about bringing people in for a good time than making money, which is awesome. Definitely try it out!!!
We went, we saw, we had a good time. We were greeted by wiseguys in the parking lot and ushered in to the bar. Everyone in the place was an entertainer, the bar tender, the card dealer, everyone. Capone's has been around for at least 20 years. We could verify that because from our seat at the bar we could see the 20 years of grunge on the ceiling, yuk, that needs to be cleaned up. Next we were seated in the dining room and directed to the buffet. I thought the food was good, and a few steps above what you usually get at theme shows. I enjoyed the meatballs and roast Turkey very much. You get unlimited drinks while dining and watching the show, a nice bonus. The show was good, kind of  a musical comedy, variety show. Not really too gangster specific. Anyway we had a really nice time, despite being somewhat distracted by staff vacuuming during the show.
The food was discusting.  Our server brought out some fresh plates and one of them had a small bug running around on it. At that point we were all done eating. Some of the reviews talk about how their glasses were always kept full but mine was not. And the beer was warm. The show was funny at times, but not appropriate for kids. When a guest said he was from Texas a performer decided to break out the "only steers and queers come from Texas" joke. Nobody laughed. I would not recommend this place, the food really seriously might have been the worst I've ever had anywhere.
My girlfriend and I had a great time.  The performers seemed like they were having a lot of fun and the servers were attentive.  Further, some places like this offer "unlimited drinks" and don't keep your glass full, this place says it and means it. Look, if you've made it far enough to look this place up on yelp, buy your tickets!  We had a blast.
Great show great buffet and all you can drink which is amazing. Best dinner show. Honestly love going to this place.
* Food was better than some places I've been to in Vegas on recent travel. * Show was entertaining: the staff did well to engage the crowd as foils for their own acts. * Staff used self-depreciation to humorous effect. "You'll want a drink when you try the food!" * They take your picture at entry, then during intermission, they will offer you a chance to buy mementos: came out better than what you're offered over at the Universal rides.
This is a great night out with the family!  Very talented actors and wait staff. The food was obviously made for the masses, but you're paying for the entertainment. Drinks are ok, but again...family night!  Drive safely!
