Definitely an unique experience to see during the holidays. I went Give Kids the World night which gives a portion of the proceeds to Give Kids the World Village, it's also a lower fare. Once you go inside that give you a parka and gloves and you walk around the winter land created. It's beautifully cold and well themed usually to a dream works movie. Only downside is you have to pay for parking to Gaylord.
This was a fun and unique way to spend a couple hours on Christmas Eve. It was the first time for my husband and I (they do this every year) and we decided to join some friends and go during the day. We booked our tickets online and had to pick a time slot so we went with 330-4pm. They also knocked off $4 off each ticket with the FL resident discount. The event is always hosted at the Gaylord Palms resort in Kissimmee. Since we live on the complete opposite of town, it took us about 30-45 minutes but could be longer if there is traffic . Parking was plentiful but probably because we chose a less popular time of day. The event itself was pretty cool. Read the tips that they tell you before arriving . Wear long pants and closed toe shoes. It's cold in there! They also provide parkas to everyone . I ended up wearing my own winter jacket and gloves/scarf so I was warm regardless.  There was no line to enter so we definitely lucked out going the time that we did. After you have put on your coats, you are asked to stand and take a group photo for viewing and purchase at the end of the exhibit. The exhibit centered around Frosty the Snowman. Some of the highlights were the ice slide. I was amazed that there wasn't really a line and that it went by so quickly. It wasn't as slippery as I thought it would be so I literally had to scoot myself down. It was still a great time and made for fun photos!   There was also an area where an actual ice sculpture artist was tweaking some of his work. There was an ICE employee there offering to answer any questions. Most of the time, we were taking photos and zipping right through because it was so darn cold! Living in Florida has made us so spoiled! At the end of the exhibit there were some simple ice sculptures of angels and such and then we were off on our Merry way. As you exit, you are invited to view your group photo and purchase. There is also a refreshment stand serving hot chocolate and other refreshments . You also walk straight into the gift shop which is essentially a huge room with souvenirs related to the ICE exhibit on sale. That day everything was 30% off and the wreaths were buy 3 get one free. You are also welcome to tour the hotel and check out the Christmas decorations and if you dine at one of the restaurants, parking is validated.  Which is an added bonus since it cost us $19.26(incl tax!) for about 2 hours of parking. So yes, that sucked. But overall, I would do this again.
You learn something new every day, and going to Gaylord Palms for Ice, I learned that Dreamworks has purchased several of the old Christmas classics, like Frosty the Snowman (as well as Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer).  Our son loves Frosty, so off we go.  They really did a fantastic job this year, with much more colored ice than I remember from the Shrek years.  The slides were really great (although one was out of service at the time), and it was nice of them to put them in the middle and not make you wait until the end to get to them.  This year, they had artists on site making new sculptures, which was neat to see them as they were getting creative the day we were there. Now, for the biggest gripe regarding this, the parking.  I think they could get many more to come check it out if the offered free or heavily discounted parking.  I know there is other neat stuff to do while you are there, and the hotel is beautiful, but if you aren't coming hungry, and don't want to spend money on overpriced restaurants for parking validation, then it just stinks to have to pay $20 to park.  A small, but annoying end to the great overall experience.
The Gaylord Palms is a huge place, so be prepared to potentially walk a pretty significant distance  from where you park. Study a map of the property online prior to heading out and you can save yourself some trouble by understanding the layout. . Also, traffic can get pretty rough depending on when you go. We drove out from Orlando on Sunday the 29th and didn't have a problem driving out but it was stop and go on the way back for quite a distance. We always eat at the Villa De Flora for their brunch buffet before touring the exhibit, which is consistently decent food and service. Although, in the future we may reverse our flow and do Ice first to avoid walking around so stuffed with food. The exhibit itself is a lot of fun. Do be prepared as it is very cold (9 degree F, or -13 C). You should wear long pants, closed shoes and bring some gloves at the least. They do issue you parkas that are appropriate for those temps but have no pockets, so have a way to store your camera and accessories on you person. This years exhibit featured Frosty the snow man which meant very limited choices for the characters in the exhibit. It was still fun, but previous themes with Shrek or Madagascar characters were more fun. They did have a lovey nativity scene and carving exhibit as well, so that was cool (pun intended). Ice is a lot of fun and kids of all ages will have a great time sliding down the ice slides and chilling their noses then enjoying some hot chocolate afterword. We always enjoy the opportunity to get some fun family photos as well. If you buy one of their packages of photos they take they now give you the electronic version of the file on a thumb drive as well. Definitely recommend this for a fun family outing.
We have visited ICE! every year since the year it debuted, and we've steadily noticed a decline.  Prices have been creeping up, less is included (no more complimentary hot chocolate), and the design work, while still beautiful, is not as intricate.  Gone are the days of the romantic scenes with ice carved forests, gardens, and bridges, as Dreamworks characters seem to be here to stay.  I get it, these recognizable characters draw the families in, but the first few years didn't seem commercialized, and that felt more special to me. This year's theme was Frosty the Snowman, and while it was VERY cute, his character seemed so simple; the Shrek and Madagascar characters of years past seemed more colorful and intricate.   We had tickets (purchased a window in advance) to arrive between 5:00 - 5:30.  That means, that we should be inside at that time. . .we got in line at 5:00, the earliest we were allowed in, and didn't make it inside until 5:45.  This was really stressful to us, as we had 6:15 dinner reservations in the lobby.  This was the closest to Christmas that we've ever come, and we found that it was far too crowded to enjoy.  We could not leisurely walk around and take in the ice carvings, and we could not freely take photos - all in all, we felt very rushed, and did not feel like we got to enjoy the time inside.   The one thing that was new this year that I hope stays is having an Ice carver on site.   If we return next year, we will go closer to Thanksgiving to avoid larger crowds.
We drove out from Tampa and it was nice; but there were some things that brought it down a few stars for me.  I have no issue paying for a great day, but this is not a day trip; this is an hour trip.  It only takes about 20-30 minutes to walk through and this was with us doing the ice slides and taking a ton of pictures.  So at almost $30/person plus the $20 for parking (because they charge you tax on the $18 that they advertise, which is way overpriced in my opinion).  That is more than Disney charges for parking by the way.   The sculptures were AMAZING.  The artists that put this show together are amazing.  All of the scenes were great and very impressive.  There is also a very nice Christmas shop and village looking area before or after you go through all of the ice.  Also, all of the people that were working there were very nice and helpful.   Also, they do offer a FL resident discount.
Beautifully done.  Characters were true to character.  This was my favorite themed one so far, Frosty Snowman.   This seemed to be the most cold of them all. Dress warn, wear scarfs, sweaters, hats, coats, ear muffs and hand warmers.  :)
Going to ICE at Gaylord Palms is an annual tradition for my family and I always look forward to it.  I really wasn't sure what to expect the first time that I went to it but my expectations were definitely low.  I was blown away by what I saw and every year that process repeats itself.  Gaylord Palms hires master craftsmen from Harbin, China to create ICE every year.  If you want to lose some time do an Internet search for photos of the annual ice festival held in Harbin.  They create some of the most beautiful (and unbelievable) creations out of ice.  The ice festival has full sized buildings that are lit with beautiful colors.  I love how, like with the Harbin ice festival, they use colored ice and lights embedded in the ice to enhance the things that they build.  I think my all time favorite creation was a room a few years ago that had what looked to be a small church in the forest.  The church had a colorful, ornate stained glass window.  Outside there was a bridge over a stream and life-sized animals such as deer were foraging nearby.  It was hard to believe that everything was made from ice.  Another favorite was the year that they had a giant gingerbread house that you could walk into.  The house was covered in colorful gumdrops, candy canes, and other assorted treats.  The ice slides are always good for some laughs.  The theme this year was the classic Frosty the snowman cartoon.  I used to watch this every year when I was a kid so this definitely hit some nostalgia buttons for me. I was not prepared at all for how cold it would be inside when I first went to ICE.  People who are used to these temperatures would laugh, but as someone who lives in Florida nine degrees is foreign territory for me.  I didn't wear gloves the first time and I really regretted it by the time I left.  My first visit I laughed at how goofy the coats they give you look.  By the time I exited the attraction I was grateful to have one. A welcome addition for this year was a chance to see some of the artists at work.  They had one man that was seated carving a small piece of ice.  What I really enjoyed was watching another man working on a huge angel statue.  He was using a chisel on her fingers.  One wrong move could destroy them, but he was working with a fine touch.  It was really interesting to watch. It amazes me that there are people that complain that this attraction is too short.  I always see some people that just rush through the rooms.  If you stop and take the time to actually look at what the artists have created there is so much to appreciate.  The animals are so detailed that they have outlines of fur carved into them.  Look the the roof of the giant gingerbread house that you can walk in to.  Admire how the beams of ice connect the different parts of the structure.  Just one figure from the nativity scene must take so long to create and there is a whole room full of carved people and animals.  What you're seeing really is a marvel of architecture and artistry.  According to their website it takes them over 30 days and 2 *million* pounds of ice to create this attraction.  What more do you want? As usual I enjoyed my visit here immensely and am already looking forward to next year.
We took our visiting family here.  Since they are tourist so were we.  I would definitely recommend you bring gloves!  The inside is super cold and once you are out you are done.  The area is made of various ice sculptures, this year's theme was Frosty the Snowman.  There was a large ice slide and various sculptures.  They provide a parka but if you do not like the cold then I would suggest something other than that...did I mention gloves?  Keep in mind that this is ice, in Florida!  The chillers are blowing on you inside and there is not many places to escape this.  If you like the cold you might not be affected as much as I was, my daughter had to leave she was so cold.  She didn't even want to slide on the slide.  The carvings are amazing and it was pretty neat, you can even watch one of the Chinese artisans carving.  Outside there was a snack bar that you could buy hot cocoa and coffee at featuring Gigi's Cupcakes.  There was also a gingerbread making area, but that seemed a bit steep at to do when I could buy a gingerbread house for $9 at Publix.  Don't forget that you have to also pay for parking, which was pretty steep for a short visit.   Overall, I am glad I went, maybe next year I will remember gloves.
Save your money! First, ou have to pick a designed time to go in when buying your tickets. At that time, they let everyone get in line, which you wait in for the next hour, winding through the corrals like cattle. It then takes 10min to walk through, if you can even get past all the people stopping to take pics. Then at the end they even try to charge for your souvenir pics. Oh and pay $18 for parking. So disappointed.
This was my second year going to the ICE! exhibit and I still love it.  Christmas is my favorite holiday, so I'm always appreciative of anything that celebrates that time of year.   The theme this year  was 'Twas The Night Before Christmas.  I was glad they changed it, since it would have been kind of boring to see the same exhibit.  The ice sculptures were AMAZING once again.  The highlight for me was the Christmas tree in the middle of the slide room.  Sooooo pretty! Now I have to say I was better prepared for the cold this time, but it is still a jarring experience!  My hands and face went numb almost immediately after going inside.  Definitely make sure to wear multiple layers of clothing.  I also recommend going during the week since there is basically no wait and you don't have to go at a certain time. Tip:  Follow Gaylord Palms on Facebook to find out about any specials they might be offering.  We got BOGO tickets by mentioning we saw it on Facebook!
This is my 4th year attending ICE! It is my last year attending ICE! I have been a repeat customer because I thought this would be a permanent holiday tradition. Last year (2010), though, I remember being a little disappointed by the exhibit because it seemed to have fewer sculptures than in years past. I was a little hesitant to go this year due to that plus the Shrek theme. I had hoped that the Shrek theme would not be the main emphasis throughout the ENTIRE attraction. It is. The Shrek theme has turned this into a child's attraction, rather than a family/general attraction. The Shrek theme is really boring. How many different ways does anyone need to see a green ice sculpture of Shrek, Fiona, and the kids? It's really just not that engaging or entertaining. Additionally, the attraction tries to integrate his swamp home environment. It's weird and out of place; it just doesn't belong in a 9 degree Christmas/holiday/winter attraction. There are lots of pieces of nets and fake Spanish moss hanging around. Finally, the sculptures come with recordings playing constantly in the background--narratives of the "story." It's totally annoying and adds nothing to the experience. In addition to the Shrek sculptures, the "angel" room and Nativity scene have been retained. They are still very pretty and skillfully done. And, parking is $12. TWELVE DOLLARS!! That is absolutely unacceptable. Then, they try to sell you a 5x7 and two 3x5 printer-quality photos for $20 (which would run you less than $5 at Walgreens/etc)!! Or, $30 for the photos in a cheap cardboard "frame." I really just feel like ICE! has become a big ripoff.
Went back with some out of town family and friends and had another very good time.  Alot of the sculptures were the same, or at least, very similar from when I'd been there before.  There were some new additions, like a carousel that had areas you could sit on some of the ice sculptures and a giant ice Santa.   Seeing that some sculptures were the same from years past, it made me wonder if this really is created from scratch every year.... probably, I mean, ice melts eventually, right? I'm not sure I'd go back for my own amusement, but a good option for entertaining family and friends.  If you're going on a weekend, go late (like after 7) the lines won't be as long, and you will dodge less people for fun pictures.   Buy tickets online to save cash too!
This is a great adventure for us ice-and-snow-deprived Floridians. I really enjoyed walking around in this ice world. The best part was actually experiencing a few of the larger sculptures (through a hut, over a bridge, underneath arches, on chairs). It gets really cold near the end, so don't be surprised if you start to get icy fingers after a while. They give out FREE hot cocoa afterwards (hooray!). The only disappointments? NO ice skating. But you do get to slide down an icy slide. They have the fast slide, and the slow slide for the kiddies and scaredy cats. =D It's a bit pricey, too ($25 per ticket), and there is a lot of waiting at the beginning. I'd like to do it again, though. It's not that often you can walk around a winter wonderland in the South.
Makes you appreciate Fl. weather! 9 degrees! My face was numb! Lovely sculptures, but I was ready to bolt after waiting in line for the ice slide! I have been informed this is my 50th review! I'm glad it was for such a special event. I don't know who to thank, but you know who you are!
ICE! at Gaylord Palms Resort in Kissimmee is one of the most unique tourist attractions in the Orlando area.  They are the only place to proudly claim 9 degree Fahrenheit temperatures!   As a holiday gift, I treated my sister, brother-in-law, and the kids to a trip to see the ice sculptures at ICE!.  The smartest thing we did to avoid some of the crowds was come this morning while everyone else was sleeping off their New Years Eve.  We enjoyed the sculptures and riding down the ice slide.  The colors in the characters, the carousel, the Santa, the reindeer slide, the angel, the nativity scene, and really everything was amazing.  The kids were cold even with the provided parkas as well as the multiple layers, gloves, and mittens we brought.  However, our red noses were well worth it!  Afterwards, we enjoyed walking around the beautiful hotel, warming up with some delicious complimentary hot chocolate, looking at the huge Christmas tree in the center of the hotel, and listening to a music show.  All the shops seemed expensive, as to be expected, but it was fun to gaze.   Although really after paying as much as we did to go (~$20 per person, really not that cheap for 40 minutes inside ICE! and a couple hours in the hotel), it annoys me to no end that the Gaylord charges a flat rate of $12 for all day or three hours of parking in the middle of nowhere.  That and like other tourist attractions they insist on taking your picture upon entry, printing it out, and then trying to sell it to you for $20.
THE GOOD As a return customer to the ICE! exhibit, I was still astounded by the number of ice sculptures and the detail that went into each one. The theme was the 'Twas the Night Before Christmas' and each room ran with the theme perfectly. One room had kids sleeping in beds (Picture: yelp.com/biz_photos/NU5q…). While another section of that same room had an ice sculpture of the kids leaving Santa milk and cookies.  The next room had Santa riding his sleigh (Picture: yelp.com/biz_photos/NU5q…). All the sculptures were vivid and quite astonishing to see in person. The highlight was the Slide ice sculpture. It was cool sliding down ice. THE BAD It is 9 degrees in there. Yes, 9 and not 99 like us Floridians are accustomed to down here in Sunny Florida. You will be grateful for those stinky parkas. After the exhibit, you get free hot cocoa, but be careful the drink is super hot. I made the fateful mistake of taking a gulp. It tore up my mouth pretty good and looked like a fool spitting it on the floor in front of everyone. THE UGLY Pricing for the exhibit and pricing for parking. It is $22 for an ice exhibit with about 5-6 rooms. Talk about pricey. On a side note how do people buy unlimited ice season tickets is beyond me. What is really pricey is the parking. $12 for about an hour at the Gaylord Palms is a ripoff. Yes, with your hot cocoa ticket you get $1 off, but $11 is still a ripoff. Paying this ridiculous amount is bringing back the fury.... I will take it out on their stars... three it is!
I have honestly never seen anything like this!  What a fun excursion.  Shocking ... 9 degrees.  Burrrrrrrr.  They offered fashionable bright blue coats with hoods to keep us warm.  In every size ... even for my toddler. The talent.  The ice-sculptors were brought over from China.  Magnificent talent!  The ice-sculptures were gigantic and colorful ... and CLEVER!  Ice-cream cones, lollipops, Santa, slide, coca cola polar bears, ice bridges, ice tunnels, and so on and so on!   Even their signage was clever. They thought of everything!  Even tissue as you walked out saying "S'not isn't funny.'  Or a sign that said 'Have a N'ICE day.'  It was organized.  Not too crowded.  Majestic.  Really, really fabulous.  You just gotta go! Afterward, they offered coupons for free hot cocoa in The Gaylord Palms atrium. There was live entertainment (sorta like Cirque du Soleil style). The holiday decoration was very festive and fun. This was a very special and memorable part of our family vacation!
Not a bad attraction, but the ticket price is a bit steep if you don't have discount passes of any kind. Start to finish we wandered through the expertly carved ice sculptures in about 15 minutes, so the entire ordeal isn't terribly long. So price of admission plus the cost to park (18 bucks a day, no hourly rate) compared to time spent enjoying the actual attraction might feel a little skewed. There were a couple of nice ice slides for the kids (and adults) with lots of places to take photos so maybe another's duration could be extended should they go down several times. I was an idiot and wore shorts, thinking it wouldn't be that bad. Definitely would recommend wearing pants and possibly bringing mittens as well. The big parka they give you before entering does the trick as far as your head (it's hooded) and upper body go, but the length ends just around the knees. We went after the holidays were over on the last weekend of ICE's stay so the line was non-existent. Friends who had gone in the past told us that the queue the last time they visited was really long so glad we avoided that. Family fun friendly indeed, just not sure it's worth the price of full admission.
While the wife and I were on a Disney vacation, we had decided to swing over and check out ICE! So we bundled on up and made the trip over from our hotel. It's easy to get to the hotel, it's right off I-4 and there are plenty of entrances, but be forewarned (we had never been told or read) that you will have to pay $18 to park here. It cannot be validated by going to ICE, only by eating at one of their restaurants- so make sure you have the extra cash with you. The hotel itself is beautiful, and it's very roomy and high class. We bought two tickets (With a FL resident discount- if you have a Florida ID, make sure you ask, it will save you $10 a ticket) and proceeded to head on in. They have a weird entrance policy, they only let people in every 30 minutes, so they show you a little movie while you wait, then you head to a room where you're given thick jackets to wear. After a quick safety brief, you enter into the world of ICE! Upon first entering- you realize how cold 9 degrees is. But after you get over the initial shock, it is a very impressive, awe-inspiring sight. You are surrounded by buildings, characters, slides, hallways, and more- all carved out of ice. It's very cool that you can walk around and check everything out at your own pace. The highlight for most everyone is probably the slides- you walk up ice blocks, surrounded by ice, and slide down ice slides stacked on top of ice. It's pretty fun, just make sure you give yourself a nice push. You can see Santa, Rudolph, and Frosty the Snowman all carved out of ice in elaborate sets all made from ice. You can even watch a carver make something out of ice right in front of you. For me, however, the most impressive sight is the nativity scene with a massive angel watching over the whole thing. The ice is literally crystal clear and cut so realistically, it is a beautiful sight, even if you're not into religion, this scene will take your breath away. After walking through, you drop your coat off and enter in an area that sells coffee, hot chocolate, and cupcakes. There's even a little store selling all kinds of Christmas decorations and ornaments. All in all, I had a good time here. I would recommend it for those with small children, as they will have a blast. If it's just adults, it's pretty cool to check out and enjoy once. I don't think I will be going back, due to the price. It's just too much unless you have the kids. It's impressive, but pricey. I would give it 5 stars for the attraction, minus 1 for the price (plus the parking). Would definitely recommend you try it once, though.
I've been waiting to come here for a while since I moved down. We finally went to see it. The service is decent and the staff were helpful. It was 9° inside! At least I was warned ahead of time to bring gloves and a hat and maybe an extra layer or two of clothes. Open toed and flip-flops are a no-no. I had taken my hands out of the gloves for a few minutes to try and take a picture and had to put it back in immediately. That sculptures were detailed and fantastic for kids. It freaked me out a little because they were in color. A great deal of time Went into this for sure. I was a little disappointed because the adult tickets were $25 and parking was $15 and if you have a family of quite a number, it can add up. The hotel is gorgeous though and great to walk around after the ICE show during the holidays.
Very COOL exhibit. Ask for the Florida resident discount (save $10) and get your parking validated inside the hotel at a bar or restaurant (save $13). The quality of the ice carvings is incredible and is very unique for an Orlando exhibit. I definitely recommend this place as the ice artwork is simply amazing.
ICE! was bit disappointing. The exhibit was pretty and colorful.  But let's just say that the gift shop was bigger than the exhibit itself.  Thank goodness that we chose the package  that allows us to go back unlimited times.  We went late last night.  We will go back this morning and take time to appreciate it.  BIG PRO: the slides.  There are 4 fun ICE slides to choose from.  BIG CON:  You can literally walk through the entire exhibit in 2 minutes.  Expensive $25 per person. For the first time this year, Gaylord Palms added the SNOW! exhibit.  For additional $10 after purschasing an ICE! exhibit  or $25 purchasing SNOW! by itself, you can spend 40 minutes playing in the snow, tubing, play some carnival games and get to have a snow cone.  This was TONS of fun for kids and kids at heart - ME!   We purchased the package ($271 + tax) that included: Unlimited ICE! ($25 no re-entry fee otherwise) SNOW! (only one time, $10 combined with ICE or $25 by itself) ICE 2010 ornament Remembrance family picture ($13 if you purchase it without pckg) 1-night stay in a Florida room.   Gaylord Palms has a beautiful curb appeal.  Inside the atrium is gorgeous. For the holidays, there is a FREE holiday concert tha will put you in the holiday cheer for sure.  But the Florida room we stayed in was SOOOOO dated.  I've stayed in much less expensive hotels rooms that were better shape than this.  They claim that they are in the process of remodeling.  I will attach a picture or two that no nice words can describe.  For $300+ total per night, I don't care if it included the ICE! & SNOW! exhibits, no one should stay in a "high" class hotel with the room looking like this:(. We will NOT come back to stay!
It's a unique experience especially since you get to walk into a 9degree facility in central Florida. No matter how cold you expect it to be, it will be colder! Even though they give you big blue jackets make sure you come dressed warm. This years theme is Merry Madagascar and is very colorful! Amazing how ice can be carved in such detail. The ice slides are a must do. After you go through the Ice exhibit you can meet Santa, the Madagascar pequins and decorate gingerbread cookies with Gongy himself and then go look around the beautiful hotel. If you are there at the right times you can catch some live Christmas performances in the hotel atrium. Definitely check it out if in the Orlando area during November or December! And if you are a Florida resident you can save $4 a ticket.
Really expensive for what it is. I love the sculptures but it's really expensive to get in. I didn't expect an additional 20 dollars for parking either. Have gone in previous years and they used to give free cocoa but they no longer do that.
This is a fun excursion, especially for you cold and snow deprived Florida natives.  Gaylord Palms transforms into a chilly 9 degrees ice sanctuary.  Lots of lovely ice sculptures.  It's a winter wonderland.  This year they have a carousel made of ice.  You can actually sit on the carousel, but it does not move.  They have the slides as well.  My kids were impressed with the giant ice Santa.   We are from a cold weather climate, Chicago, so the novelty of ice wasn't nearly as exciting as it might be for those who live full time in Florida.  It is a nice activity to get into the holiday spirit.   They provide parkas, but I'd recommend that you bring mittens or gloves, especially for children.
I found this on the orlando city website.  It was nifty to see so many ice sculpture carved !! Make sure you bring gloves and scarfs!!   IT is freezing inside there, your hands will get numb without gloves. Great story line. Atmosphere:  4/5    Overall it was a wonderful cold experience.  They did a good job setting up the Christmas display show. And the ice slide was cool.  They did well on the carvings. But they did have some repeated ones from the year before.   After the ice show, we walked around the hotel.  It is amazing how big that hotel is. With a giant sail boat in the middle of the hotel. Very cool atmosphere Service and Cost value:  3/5 The only thing that I didnt like it was the. $15 parking that they do not tell you about !!!  However, it was worth $18 residential non peak time.  But it's not worth $25 peak during weekends.    So something that you should definitely check out.
This was my first time to Ice!  I bought the combo ticket that included Snow!  My family went as part of the birthday celebration for 2 of my nephews.  I was a bit disappointed for the price.  It's really beautiful and amazing, but not very long.  The kids really enjoyed the ice slide.  But by the time they waited in the line twice, they were frozen and ready to get out of there. Snow! was very small.  Two tiny tubing runs and two small play areas.  There were so many kids that they were practically bumping into each other in the play areas.  There were also games set up where you could win a ticket to enter into the raffle.  The boys entered 6 tickets and we waited around for the raffle.  Even with so many people, they only raffled one toy.   I'm glad I went to finally see what it was all about, but I can't see going back again next year.   Tip:  Bring a good winter coat and gloves to Ice!  They provide a parka, but I put it right over a ski jacket and was good.  Some of my family didn't bring their own jacket and were pretty cold.  Also, don't forget your gloves because they don't provide any unless you want to buy them in the gift shop.
One of my dear friends, a former Orlando resident, mentioned that seeing ICE is a must do during the Holiday season.  So as a lovely treat, my boyfriend took me to see 2 million pounds of carved ice. We arrived on a Sunday afternoon which meant the crowds were steady but we didn't have to wait in line more than 5 minutes to get our tickets which were $25/each because it was the weekend.  But with the ticket receipt you will get a $2 discount on parking fee which is $12.  Plus, they give you a free hot cocoa coupon.   As the other yelpers mentioned, you will be given a blue parka if you choose but must bring your own hat and mittens.  Bring scarves too if you have some handy because 9 degrees really feels like 9 degrees.  The sculptures are truly amazing and if it weren't so darn cold, I'm sure I would have lingered longer to really appreciate their beauty.  The gingerbread home and the slide area were 2 of my favorites on the frigid journey. Overall, I think it's a neat thing to go see but may not be worth the $25 ticket.  Because it's so cold, the attraction isn't very long since we'd all freeze to death if it was.  So it seemed a bit expensive for parking and the ticket and possibly the drive for anyone who doesn't live in Kissimmee.
This was mines & my husbands first visit & we loved every minute. Very unique experience. We're originally from NYC so it was like experiencing winter snow all over again. We went on a chilly day so we were already prepared for the cold & it helps that they provide you with a long warm coat. Don't go in flip flops or shorts cause you won't feel your hands or feet after a few seconds. A very beautifully done display! Worth every penny.
$18+tax for 30min parking is outrageous!!!! I'm not in the middle of Time Square, I'm in BFE Kissimmee. This parking fee is the reason we're not going this year. If I'm willing to spend almost $30/person for 30min, I should not be expected to pay this much for parking. The ICE show is cool but when it's all said and done, it's just not worth it. Maybe a one time experience if you want to spend $30/person for 30min of entertainment.
This was the first time I have been to the ICE! exhibit. I did not know what to expect. Upon entering you are given a coat to stay warm. It is FREEZING in there. There are several employees standing around to make sure you are not sitting or touching the ice sculptures. The art designs are amazing! I did not picture them using color ice. It was so bright and cool to see the things they can do with ice. My favorite part were the ice slides! Super cool. I personally think it was a bit expensive just to walk through an exhibit. I expected more. When we finished we were surprised that was it. It was a fun time with the girls to see something new.
Just visited the exhibit and thawing out from the cold 9 degree temperatures!  ICE was a fun outing with friends and something I think the whole family will enjoy. While I did enjoy myself, I have to say there were a few draw backs.  For one, you have to pay $12 for parking...which seems like a rip off for an hour parking in the convention center lot.   The admission price of $24 also seems a little high for the experience as it is over with fairly quickly. While it is great they integrated the DreamWorks characters, it seemed to be lacking on it's overall Christmas theme this year.  There was more Ogre than there was Christmas.  All-in-all, I would give it a visit if you can find discounted tickets.
Holy crap, what a waste of time and money.  My gal has, for the past few years, wanted to check this out.  We finally made it and neither of us were impressed. Ice would be an interesting exhibit at the mall or the airport, where you've got a reason to be there, and don't mind a few minutes diversion for something different.  As a destination (especially one with pricey tickets and parking fees) it leaves a lot to be desired. After five minutes, you'll have it figured out.  Its cold, and ice can be colored.  Fifteen minutes is more than enough time to take everything in. My opinion is that its a big waste of time & money, and I'll neither go back nor recommend it to anyone.
There was no value.  We were told it would be $20 per.  Turned out to be $30 plus tax.  Plus parking.  An hour later and $150 out of my pocket I left wanting.   Was it interesting? Yeah but the ice was blocked not even carved.  Interesting to see what they can get you to spend $150 on though.
Cosidering that it was my first time there, I thought it was really neat to see the ice carvings.   I didn't realize how cold it was going to be! Sliding down ice was fun...being from Hawaii, I never get to do this.   They did sell our picture at the end $35 for a few prints, ornament, and a USB drive with your picture.   I would rate this more stars, except that this was to only decent thing at this hotel.  Parking was $13! That is ridiculous, we didn't even stay that long since it was too cold to stay in Ice for a long time.  Also, we did Snow (with kung Fu Panda theme)...waste of time and money.  Not what I expected and extremely boring, they just put in regular playground equipment with shredded ice.
First time at ICE. Wasn't really feeling the Shrek theme. Would have like to have gone on a non themed year. It was still a pretty cool experience..it is VERY cold in there ! Bring your mittens and hat !!
I visited the Ice! event the weekend before Christmas. So it was a good decent crowd. But I like it that way. I hate visiting certain events when they are not busy. Something like this I rather have a crowd & get to see other people enjoying the moment and getting into the Christmas spirit. I brought the whole family along. My 4 year old and 2 year old absolutely loved it. The parkas you get were clean and didn't have any off smells. Like one reviewer said they do come down to your knees & I am 5'6. They say it is 9 degrees in there. So in the future dress accordingly. We had a fun time. The ticket prices can be on the expensive side, but you can go around as many times as you want. As long as you don't wander to far pass the staging area. We went around 3 times. First time I took a lot of pictures, the 2nd & 3rd time I got into the Frosty the Snowman story and did the slide a couple of times. Plus after, we visited the big Christmas Tree in the main lobby and listened to the music. So all in all, if you make the best of it, the price shouldn't bother you.
Talk about taking our breaths away! The minute we drove up to the property (it was night time) you already start to feel that holiday magic. I got all excited because the hotel is covered in lights! Gaylord Palms gives you the option to buy a one time tickets to see the attraction ICE or you can get the package that includes your stay at the hotel with unlimited admission to ICE. I have to admit, it's a bit pricey but what the heck! We decided to spoil ourselves and stayed there for the weekend. I wish I could describe in words the inside of this location! Each section of the hotel has a different theme. We stayed in the St Augustine side. There's also Key West, Everglades & Emerald Bay. As soon as you walk into the open area of the hotel (which by the way it's under a glass dome!) you will be able to walk around and see the different themes that match that side of the building. Example there are real small alligators for the Everglades side, an old fort for St Augustine, a beach & dock with a real sail boat docked in the lagoon for Key West, well you get the point. One our first night there we decided to participate in the Holiday Gnome Hunt. You need to find all of the Gnomes that are hidden throughout the resort. When you find them all you will get a nice discount on your next visit. Ok now let's talk about ICE! Yeah the name says it all. Its COLD friends. Once you walk into the lobby in the convention center side of the hotel, you will be given a complimentary parka. You will need to bring your own hats, gloves and scarf's. If you don't have one you may purchase them at the gift store before you enter the ice exhibit. You literally have to dress as if you were going to Alaska! If you have really small children such as infants or babies, I do not recommend they go in. It's possible for them to suffer from hyperthermia. What we did was that I stayed outside with my daughter while the rest of the group went in. Once my mother in-law got out, she stayed with the baby and I joined the rest of the group inside.  OH WHAT FUN! TAKE LOTS AND LOTS of pictures! Believe me; you will never see such beautiful things made out of ICE anywhere in the world well at least in Orlando:0) my fav. Piece was the life size nativity scene. Once in there you must slide down the really long Santa slide made out of ICE! Good tip to remember, wear jeans not sweat pants when ridding the slide or when visiting. The sweat pants get wet and you all know what happens to water when it touches something really cold... yup your pants will get stuck on the slide or on any of the exhibits. It happened to me LOL. I got stuck mid way down the slide and again when I sat on Santa's icy lap. Back to the resort, inside they have a spa, a couple of restaurants and little shops. The Christmas decorations are over the top! EAT YOUR HEART OUT SANTAS ENCHANTED FOREST! You can even take your picture with the big man in red :D On our last day at Gaylord Palms we RSVP to do our very own ginger bread house with a chef. You pay a small fee per house but it was a lot of fun. We also called the front desk and for another small fee we requested for Mrs. Santa Clause to come in the room and read a Christmas bedtime story to the kids. Who can ask for a more magical weekend? I'm already saving my pennies for another stay at Gaylord Palms next year.
Quite an experience. It is freezing in there! 9 degrees according to the tickets. My hands went numb and I still felt cold even though I had a shirt, sweater, jacket, hoodie, and their required jacket on, but it is worth the cold. Ice surrounds you from the minute you enter and then you go on a journey to see many great pieces of ice, perfect for Floridians who really even see snow. The slide was a fun experience and one of my friends went down it really quick actually. Some guy proposed to his wife after the slide too so it even has sentimental value to someone now. The price is fair considering all the rooms they have and they really go all out to make this a great experience for visitors. There was tons of picture spots and other people there were friendly and helped us out to take tons of pictures here. I would want to go again with some other people another time.
Even though it was cold as heck. I really enjoyed myself. The staff were cool literally lol. I crack myself up. It was fun. The only thing I suggest is to wear more then enough clothing. Especially for the. kids I felt sorry for a few they were crying. Awe!
Ice! opened yesterday and I took my family to check it out first thing since we have season passes. I had never been before so I was a little nervous about getting season passes but as is usual for things like this, the season passes aren't all that much more than a regular pass. If you were going two or three times anyway, you are better off. That said, I've now been and I'm glad I have the season passes. It's pretty damn cool! You'll notice I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 and I'll tell you why. Ice! is not without it's problems. It's well laid out and there are signs everywhere so you shouldn't get lost once you get into the building. Going from any of the surrounding streets to the right place to get directly into Ice! is a bit more challenging, but where you want to head is the convention center so follow those signs, that for whatever reason are not marked with anything that says Ice!. So you're in, you have your ticket, and now you are donning your big blue parka. Don't worry. Even if you feel very silly at this point, all you are going to fell in 2 to 3 minutes is cold, cold, and more cold. They are not kidding when they say it's only 9 degrees inside. I have no idea how they are getting it that cold but I was instantly transported back to my first winter in South Dakota the moment I walked into that first 9 degree room. Good God is it cold in there. Even with the parka my face was very cold by the time we left the chilled area so you might want to bring gloves, a ski mask, long underwear, thermal socks, and either a personal electric heater or maybe a bon fire to keep you warm. Or just don't be a pansy like me... hehe. The sculptures in the ice are pretty amazing. I was surprised by how colorful most of it was, to the point that when I saw the room where all of the ice was clear, that wowed me. They did a damn fine job on setting everything up and carving the ice. I was VERY impressed. The ice slides on the other hand, were not so impressive. My daughter, my wife, and I all went down and neither of us slid very well. They claim the parkas give you a friction free sliding experience but that's crap. The parkas feel textured and I think they actually slow you down. Truth be told, when on real ice in the real outdoors, you don't want your parka to be slippery. Sliding on the ice when outside sucks. Been there, done that. I think they need to use something like a piece of cardboard or a gunny sack or a smooth trash can lid... then you would fly down the ice. As it is, you have to scoot a bunch which ruins it. I'm hoping it gets faster as the season goes on. Then the slides might be pretty cool. The dancing lights or whatever the call it in the atrium was a real letdown. They didn't seem organized at all. 6pm show was announced much too loud and then the 6:30 show had a "will start in 5 minutes" announcement without any further announcing. The actual shows last 3 songs but had a lot of dead air in between. When we were leaving I saw 4 guys sitting in a booth which looked to be the control area for the show and I wanted to tell them they were doing a crap job, but I refrained. It's the holidays after all. Also disappointed by the wreath show and I really feel like Ice! is it. The whole "Florida's Best Christmas" or whatever they call the rest really isn't much. Go for Ice!, be wowed, and have a great time, but don't expect anything else there to be all that exciting. Oh, one last thing, for those of you who like your cocoa so strong you can feel the diabetes as you drink it, this place is for you. I love my sweet but even I was a bit overwhelmed. Usually places when serving free cocoa water it down but not here. You might want to buy a small thing of milk and cut it a bit, it's that sweet, or was last night.
ICE! is a wonderful experience.  You step into an icey winter wonderland that's kept at about 9 degrees fahrenheit to see ice sculptures, slide down ice slides, and relish the Christmas decor everywhere.  It's a perfect place to go during the holiday season.  It seems a little steep at $25, but it's well worth it if you have never been before.  Also, in the Gaylord Palms Hotel there is a Christmas show, hot chocolate, and gift shops.  When you're done with everything, I recommend going ice skating outside, it can be very fun and exhilirating!
The sculptures are beautiful.  $15 to park. They don't validate unless you spend $50 at the hotel, and the cost of the Ice tickets doesn't count. Not a food entertainment value.
What a disappointing year for Ice.  I was fortunate to get a pretty good discount on the tickets through work, and it's a good thing as I think I still overpaid.  Also, make sure you add $12 to the budget for the trip, because that's how much parking costs for the 30 minutes you'll be in the event. I went on a Thursday night.  There was pretty much no line.  I wouldn't even bother calling this a Shrek theme so much as a giant, frozen commercial for the new Shrek Christmas Special DVD that just came out. It was not Christmassy or wintery or holiday-ish in the slightest until you get to the nativity room.  At least last year when they had a theme it was "Twas the Night before Christmas" and there were large, appropriate carvings for every 2 or 3 lines of the poem. I think I literally spent about 12 minutes in the sculpture area because once you see one giant Shrek sculpture, then you see a second, then a third, fourth, fifth, it gets boring.  Basically, the ice is a recreation of a 3 minute video/commercial of the Shrek Christmas DVD they force you to watch before getting your jacket and being admitted (yeah, they force you to watch it).  I guess without that 3 minute video you would have no idea why one of Shrek's ogrelettes is reaching for a dead possum in one of the sculptures (it's their "christmas feast" though I am still unsure why they thought a single dead possum was going to be enough food to feed a family of 5 ogres... it really broke the illusion for me). The recordings playing on a loop of Shrek being SUPAR HILARIOUS and Donkey screaming about whatever the hell he screams about were really unwanted. All in all, the most disappointing Ice event I have been to, and I've been to four of them.  They're going to have to do something really amazing to get me to come back.
this place was FREEZING!  It was 9 degrees in there and 7 degrees by the ice slides.  not the best place for a toddler but maybe kids 5 years old and up. they provide you with parkas that are very warm.  i would recommend you bring your own hat, gloves and a scarf if you want. they say you can buy them there but that's not until AFTER you leave the actual ICE exhibit.lol  when you buy your tix in advance online you get a small discount and you arrange the time you will get there because they send people in by groups so that it doesn't get over-crowded. very nice.
We went for the first time in December. Half off from GroupOn! So we only paid $15 per person...I don't think I would go back if I had to pay full price. We only were able to go to the ICE part...no Snow or Movie. Those things cost extra. Everything cost extra money and to me it is too expensive. We really enjoyed the SHREK theme. It was so beautiful to see the theme come alive...so many colors of ice. The video of the ice artists was very interesting!! Glad we were able to see how its all put together. Since we paid $12 to park we decided to walk around the hotel before we left. It is beautiful inside and the boys had a great time running around the paths. We had lots of photo ops around the lobby and were able to listen to a live christmas concert too. Over all not a bad day for spending $60.
The exhibit itself is wonderful, but the price to park?  Over $19.00 with tax-ridiculous.  I must say that I will think twice before going to this again, only due to the parking fee.  This is a short exhibit, not a day at a disney park.  Which, by the way, is cheaper to park in than this exhibit.  As a Florida resident and frequent visitor to different venues in Orlando, I am extremely disappointed.
Loved the actually attraction ICE. What they can carve and make out of Ice is amazing. Loved that they added the area to watch an artist work. Bought tickets online and read over it several times to see if there would be an additional charges once there. No Where on the web site does it say parking is an additional $18.00.   Extremely disappointed that even after spending an additional $50 in the ICE gift shop we still had to pay for parking!!!
The ice presentations are out of this world. For my first time going, I was impressed. The only thing I would recommend is wear WARM clothing! Hats, scarves, gloves! It's very cold inside the exhibit!
This event is overrated.  There is only about 4 rooms of ice sculptures and that's it.  Its interesting at first but its like the same thing in every room.  They had an ice slide that the kids can slide down but the line was long  and slow and I didn't understand why it took so long for the people to slide down.  I mean its not like we were waiting for a roller coaster.  Also the kids cutting in line didnt help either, their parents should of taught their kids better manners.
This resort was very nice. I stayed at this resort on business however it is right by Disney World. I would highly recommend this  resort excellent dinning and rooms where very clean.
While noting that this was a phenomenal experience, Id  like to point out that Its something Id only do once a year, its kind of expensive ($20something, and you are in there no more than 20 minutes...unless you love to freeze) I also wouldn't reccomend it for smaller kids/babies, mostly because its SO SO SO COLD . I have lived in places it snows, they do not compare, this is the second coldest I have ever been in my life (right behind a snowstorm in wyoming). Wow! That seems like a lot of negatives for a five star review. On to the positive. The sculptures are amazing, I have never seen anything like ANY of it before, the colors are crazy, the incredible detail, the total immersion in the scenes.I actually didn't expect to like it as much as I did. They give you a large blue parka, and I wore boots, and jeans and a sweater (OVER my shorts and tank top) and was still freezing, and we clipped thru. After you can go get free cocoa (quite a trek) and there is a big Christmas tree, as well as the usual Gators/fish/turtles.
This was my fourth trip to ICE! during the holidays . Every Christmas they bring in a team of Chinese sculptors to turn huge blocks of ice into artwork. It is kept in a 9 degree pavilion in the convention center. Usually the sculptures are beautiful. This year however they did a Shrek theme , I guess to appeal to those with children. Bad choice. How many times can you look at a big green Shrek and be dazzled? Not even once. To be fair the manger scene of the Holy Family at the end in clear ice was delicate and dazzling. This is the kind of thing they did in the past that was worh the $50 price tag. Tips: If you go, get advanceed tix so you don't have to wait in line and bring a scarf and gloves. The parkas thet hand out don't cover everything and it's amazingly cold, of course. There areno restaurants open in the hotel in the late afternoon. Plan accordingly if you want an early dinner or late lunch. Oh, they also charge $12 for parking. An insult , really.
for years i wanted to see this display, and i finally got the chance in 2012. i was thoroughly disappointed. $15 to park, and even with my florida resident's discount, the tickets were still overpriced. here's why they're overpriced....my kids went through in about 20 minutes. they were underwhelmed. maybe they're too old at 14, 12, and 11. no, there's nothing like it anywhere, but we could have definitely had more fun spending $120 plus $25 for the picture elsewhere (yes, i had to buy the picture because we're never going back). colored carved ice and freezing temperature (but it really wasn't that bad since i dressed appropriately and you move through so fast you don't have time to get cold). i think the time it takes to go through and the money i spent wasn't worth it. this is definitely a thumbs down for me. BUT on the upside, the hotel was nicely decorated and it was worth the extra 20 minutes to walk through....just to make me feel better about leaving the property in a little over an hour.
