Went with my husband and we had a blast! Food was great and service was even better. Not to mention the action we got to see. Great show, especially for kids. Thank you
I wouldn't go for the show. I would definitely not go for the food. I mean, they only serve one thing. You have no choice in what you get unless you're vegetarian. So at least do a decent job. Soup, Half chicken, one rib, half a potato and garlic bread. What is so hard about that when you do it every single day year in and year out? I doubt even the bread is baked on site. Doubt the soup is made fresh. Highly doubt the dessert is made there. It's all institutional food. Frozen prior? I bet my last dollar because that's how it all tasted. It's literally glorified cafeteria food. The hot deli at Publix does a better job. We had an open bar, and I still don't think it's worth it for $60. The management is unorganized, and seating was confusing. Seats suck, utensils and plates suck. Mugs suck. I can't order a whiskey on the rocks. "It's not in their system." Ok, so bring it in a shot glass, and bring me a glass with ice. The show sucked. I was clapping because I felt bad for the crew. Falconer literally swings around a dead rodent on a string to entice bird to fly. They whip the ankles of horses to make it trot in place. Horrible. I'm glad I wasn't buying. I won't be going back.
The food and entertainment were wonderful. We had a good time and would spend 2 hours doing this again in the future. Ok for kids. Brought 3 year old son and he loved the ribs, garlic bread, and engaging entertainment. Hawk demonstration and theatrical horse riding were great. Violence in jousting requires explaining for little eyes.
This was where we went for my birthday.  Having never been before it was interesting and fun I thought.  We got there early and walked around the village, which I thought would have been a lot more interesting if they had people doing some of the daily things of village life.  The food was ok, though it was temped not hot.  Not too handicap accessible it was a bit confusing during seating.  The show was different interesting, but did not like the fact that they used a whip/riding crop on the horses ankles to get them to prances in place and jump into the air.  I am a animal lover and this bothered me.  I had one drink and I chose to have it doubled and  a sovounier glass, nearly passed out when she said "that will be $26,"  the drink was good but not worth the amount they charged, plus they did not have the prices listed.  They need to have a professional stunt person come in and show them how to fall off the horses.  I think with a bit more practice and more organization this could have been a great experience.  I did have some fun, but ...
We try to come here during our visits to Orlando. My husband and son really enjoy it. The experience transport you back in time. The show includes a meal that includes soup, chicken, ribs, bread, potato, dessert and drink. Be prepared to get messy as no utensils are provided. The show itself doesn't disappoint. The knights fight well and the horses are beautiful. There are several sections to which a knight is assigned. It gets interesting and competitive within the crowds. We always have a good time and it's definitely helped that our knight won the last times we went.
I came here with my mom for my 21st birthday unsure if I would like it or if it was a kid thing. I ended up having a great time! I think it would be good for any occasion - birthdays, dates etc. The food was surprisingly good and they gave large portions. The drinks were expensive and had very little alcohol in them, but I guess that's where they make their money.  It is definitely great for kids with lots of toys and costumes for sale. The show was pretty cool and I really had a great time. I probably would not spend the money again time soon, but I would go back again one day! Definitely worth the experience to at least go once!
Having been to most of the dinner shows in the area, this one also failed to impress. Surprisingly, this show was sold out on a weekday and it was a bit chaotic. Management needs to come up with a better system when it comes to seating all their guests, it seems disorganized and people do pretty much what they want. The show itself is cheesy and antiquated, I think it needs a modern day spin to it. The horses do a few tricks but nothing special that will leave you surprised and impressed. This is highlighted during a part of the show when the female villain rides around on her horse doing absolutely nothing. Even the crowd was confused because when she was done, no one clapped. The battle scenes seemed overworked and our kids were not very impressed which was surprising considering they love sword fighting. The six knights representing each province or dinner section never talk. The only ones that talk are the king, the queen, the good guy and the villain. Like I said, this show needs to be updated with some new dialogue and story. Adding some special effects would also enhance the viewing experience, we are in 2014. The food for me was pretty horrible. I chose not to eat the Tomato soup after tasting it. It tasted like heated V8 and I am not a fan of cheap products. They bring you what looks like a half chicken and without utensils, it can get messy. I thought they would provide drumsticks which are easy to eat but I was wrong. Greasy food with one napkin and one wet nap is not enough especially with children. They do not provide salt and pepper which is strange. I understand its medieval times but salt and pepper are condiments I'm sure they had back then. The potato was inedible, it was flat, tough and in dire need of salt. The dessert was forgettable, cheap apple pie which I could have easily skipped. They should consider adding some ice cream, who wants dry apple pie with no flavor. They are very stingy with their soda products. Our waiter refilled our cups once and for someone who drinks a lot of soda, I felt ripped off. These waiters are hard to track down because they are constantly moving. If you are drinking alcohol, then they are readily available because they are making more money off you but not for the free soda. The waiter movement is distracting because they are constantly walking by blocking the guests view which I found very annoying. The shocker of this show have to be the prices. Thankfully, we bought these at a discount because I can't imagine paying $65.00 a pop for this show. This is a big tourist trap and it's not worth it. I found a Florida Resident discount online but when I called, they refused to give it to me which I found very deceptive. They do ask for a tip at the end of the service but they do not suggest how much to leave. I'm not cheap but after wasting all that money on tickets, I left $5. This will be the last time I visit a dinner show unless I find something that is modern and provides a good meal.
Always a great show and good is really good!!!! Drinks are a little pricey. Waitress was given way too many people to serve and was running around the whole time, felt sorry for servers. A great place to take families with kids at all ages !
Great dinner show. Food wasn't bad wish I had a little salt or bbq sauce but other than that it was a great time! The horses were magnificent! Don't forget to bring a little cash for the tip. You have to go to the village next to it as well. The torture chamber was creepy but cool. One of the workers let us know it was the only medieval times with a village attached.
The service was amazing. Our waiter kept checking up on us and gave my wife and I an extra rib and potato. The tomatoes soup was OK and the chicken was pretty dry. The ribs, potato, and apple turnover were the best parts of the meal. There are no utensils. You have to eat everything with your hands. The entertainment was amazing. My wife and I enjoyed every minute of it. We were pretty much the loudest people in the arena lol. Overall great atmosphere and entertainment. I would recommend going to this restaurant mainly for the entertainment.
Great dinner show. The chicken  and potato were delicious. They do not provide utensils so you have to eat with your hands since they want to give you a real "medieval" experience. You also get tomato soup, garlic bread, and an apple turnover. Pepsi products are served but you can also have wine, coffee, and tea. The show was very entertaining. A great deal of time is spent presenting the horses. I would have liked to see more battle. Overall, a wonderful time for the whole family.
This was just an epic good time, the food was great, show was crazy awesome, service was perfect, atmosphere was a blast. I just can't say enough good things about it. If you have kids they need to go to this place.
This show has been in Town for decades. As many other Dinner shows have come and gone, and other have reduced quality to stay afloat, MT has maintained tradition. The entertainment is decent. They fighting that was made famous in Hollywood films like Cableguy takes up only 30-40% of the show... The remainder is spent presenting horses and displaying horsemanship. Not horrible... But a little long winded... I mean we came to see the battles! But still entertaining... The Food?! GREAT. Huge portions. 1/4Chicken, a rib potato, garlic bread, tomato bisque and soda.... Plus an apple turnover and coffee. All tasty, and filling. I recommend this show for young and old... But just realize, you gotta stay til the end to truly enjoy the evening. You need reservations to be sure to get a seat, they are usually full.... And all food is made fresh daily, so they need to know you're coming!
So much fun! We sat in the winning section too! Went for a very special occasion, and it was worth it! The food was good, no utensils of course, and your serving wench was on point bringing drinks & food the whole while. We had a 1/2 chicken each! A really entertaining show of horses, knights, princesses & the like. Take your photo at the front too. Recommended.
I had such a fun time here ! Upon coming here, I have never heard about Medieval Times, so I am so glad my friends took me here ! I am so amazed at the stadium, it was huge ! We sat at the first row, so we saw everything very detailed and clear. I think we were the red team ? Our knights gave me a rose at the end, it just made this experience a little more special. The food are surprisingly tasty here,  I really enjoyed the baked chicken. Portions are big in my opinion , at least I didn't finish everything on my plate. The apple pastry dessert was something from the your grocery store frozen food section, but hey , you are not here for that. As for the show, I really liked it . I felt like I was brought back in time, haha. I really enjoyed my time here and would love to come back again !
My wife went to one of these shows in school, but this was my first time. I typically like reenactments, history, and showmanship so this was right up my alley. To start, you HAVE to find a coupon or promotion. Paying full price to see this show is NOT worth it. For the 50% of the audience who buy upgrade packages... WHY? You sit no more than 20' closer to the arena. Congrats on that. Everything here is overpriced, from magnets to mugs to magic glowing swords. They also try to get you to buy pictures (numerous times) for $20 each. WHY? If they charged something reasonable, they might actually sell them to more people than just the dimwitted who forget they already own a $300 camera. You need to come a bit early, but not nothing excessive if you already have tickets. They claim that they sell out regularly, but our show was half empty... so take it for what it's worth. The meal was OK, greasier than I like without of whack proportions, but typical of what you would expect for this type of event and time period. I would have preferred a bit less meat and some more sides (a second potato or ear of corn, etc). The rib was pretty worthless, but everything else was OK. My wife and I really like the dessert pastry, although others disagree... The show itself is hit and miss. Some things are fun, some things drag on and on and on for seemingly no reason. The audio is pretty bad - it's hard to hear what everyone is saying. If you like horses, then you will like it. If you like cheesy sword fights, then you will like it. If you like listening to large people next to you devour their food while their children jump up and down on the bench occasionally screaming at you, then you will like it. Sorry, got a bit carried away there. And on that note, you can't always pick your neighbors, so please, people, mind your manners and control your children.
This place is super fun to go with a big group of friends/family!  What's more is it's dinner and a show.  Now for the details. The price was a little high, but if you're lucky enough to shop around you'll find they have many specials from buy-one get one tickets, to hitting up some of those touristy  ticket resellers.  Keep in mind though can be hit or miss. The atmosphere is medieval themed from the king, the knights to all of the servants that serve you dinner. The food was pretty good.  The menu consisted of oven roasted chicken (which was surprisingly really good), garlic bread, tomato bisque soup, herb-roasted potato, spare rib, and a pastry for dessert.  Also, unlimited Pepsi and Sierra Mist.  Alcoholic beverages are also (at the bar) available but are no longer part of the package. When you first arrive you/group are seated at one of the different colors which end up being the designated colors for the knight your section will be cheering on. The show consists of all the knights competing in all sorts of activities such as  jousting, sword fighting all other kinds of events.   For me and my friends...what made this place super fun is that you can to watch all of this excitement while eating... so you can cheer, clap, stomp your feet for your knight the WHOLE evening long.  I must warn you, you just might loose your voice by the end of the night, but it'll be totally worth it!  I'm sure we'll definitely be back... but we're not in any hurry.
My family and I watched it tonight and must say we loved it! I was a little hesitant on what to expect because of the reviews  but we enjoyed it. My husband was more excited than us because he was not fortunate when he was young to go to stuff like this. So of course we appreciated more. The food was nothing spectacular. But not the worse food either. I ate the chicken and potatoe. Did not eat the ribs. It was a lot of food. The simple apple turnover was good because it was warm. Overall, I would do this again if we came with more family members. Def come early. We sat at the very top because we made it there right when it started. But the seats still weren't bad. We enjoyed it!
We had so much fun!!!!!! Let me start by saying that when you first walk in you get a crown and since I feel I should be able to wear a crown alllll the time I was ecstatic!!!!! Dinner starts with non stop soda (bar drinks separate)...then the food begins....garlic bread and tomato bisque soup to start. Next comes a 1/2 roasted chicken (YES HALF), a half roasted potato and a rib. You have to eat with your hands which is awesome...I love eating with my hands at the best of times! Dessert was a warm and yummy apple turnover and coffee!!!! Our Wench Kimberly was fantastic and super efficient! My only complain is our tables' bar waitress SUCKED and even though we both had bar glasses in front of us she never once stopped at us and asked if we wanted another drink!!!! We cheered for the Red Knight (Jonathan) who was fantastic at playing to the crowd and encouraging our cheers! He didn't win but it was all so fun I didn't even notice! What a great night out!
A goofy tourist trap, with marginal food. Definately something silly to do if youre bored. The chicken had decent flavor but was way greasy, the spare rib was just gross. Its interesting to see how they feed that many people in such a short amount of time though. Fun of youre REALLY bored, but dont go for the food.
Fantastic time had! I thought it would be boring, but the audience interaction keeps it quite lively. The food was very good and I actually was full(something else I didn't expect). I would definitely go back!
Had a great time here, kids loved it. Family from overseas hated the food, but I told them its part of the experience.  Fyi you dont get utensils with your meal. Beer was 7 dollars,  host gave me all of the ribs that my family didn't want! Worth checking out
This was my first time to this location but second time going to this show. It's a fun and entertaining experience. They have loads of up selling your experience which cheapens it(and lends to my 4 star rating) but overall you go to be entertained and they don't disappoint. A note on the price: find a deal code online and purchase your tickets. You can easily upgrade your seats and or get cheaper prices and even some freebies!
Entertaining, massive portions of food, tomato soup was ok, baked potato a little too salty for my taste. Ask for a box to take the left-overs home since you definitely won't be devouring all of it in one sitting! All in all, it's a fun way to spend the evening with your fam. Do check out the little museums upon leaving, they house really cool stuff.
One of the most enjoyable times I can remember! I bought the tickets to the show on Groupon.  I figured it would be a neat show for the kids to experience. Little did I know it would be just as entertaining for me as well. The food was great. 1/4 chicken was cooked seasoned perfectly. The kids loved the fact that there were no utensils! They got to eat with their hands and we're actually encouraged to do so!  The show was just  phenomenal! The Knights, the horses, the choreography and the storyline we're just perfect. It is truly a show that everyone should see, adults and children alike!
I cannot say enough good things about Medieval Times! This place is so much fun!! When you arrive they assign you one of the knights and they give you a crown and a flag of your knight's color! We came here with a group which I think made it that much more fun! The show is fun and exciting especially if you are not afraid of cheering along and acting a little silly! The food is actually pretty great and you get lot of it. They serve you tomato soup, garlic bread, oven roasted chicken, a spare rib, roasted potato, an apple dessert and soft drinks (alcohol is available for purchase) There is no silverware which made it more fun!! The entire experience they keep very authentic, all of the staff keeps in theme the whole time :) PROS: Tons of fun!! Great food! Good show!! CONS: If you like to drink it can get a little bit pricey but I suppose you could say that about anywhere TIPS: We came here with our friends who live in Florida and took advantage of the Florida resident prices, normally the tickets are $59.95 but try to get one of the many discounts!! At the time the resident discount was $39. It looks like they change offers quite often so check their website!! Also get there early!! They have a village set up with different medieval areas that you can walk through and learn about which was very cool! And lastly, the knights come out after the show and let you take pictures in the lobby area so don't run out too quick!!
Loved it! Was great to unwind here and have dinner (which was huge) after spending the day at disney. Would highly recommend.  4 stars because the bar service during the show was lacking in that the entire show i only saw the cocktail waiter/waitress twice.  But the show was fantastic and the military discount was spot on. Would go again1
Friendly staff, great show. Kid loved it. Dinner was actually good. I thought the chicken was moist and tastey. Soup and bread was nice. Recommended.
Myself and 2 friends decided to try this out on a weekend girls trip to Orlando. I went with relatively low expectations especially after reading some of the reviews. I left completely amazed and wanting to tell everyone I knew that they must go. I must admit that to enjoy this you really have to get into it. You do eat with your fingers and it is a basic meal but very tasty and they make quite a fanfare of the "feast" being served which adds to the experience. The knights were great and the server we had, Jorge, added to the experience with his enthusiasm . Drinks are a tad bit expensive but if you buy the souvenir cup for $15 your refill is just $7. If you are in to cheering on knights, this is a must do!
I was VERY surprised at the quality of the show, the food and the fun. The horses were beautiful and fantastic. I guess there were between 15 and 20 horses as part of the show. The horsemanship was wonderful to see and was what I was most impressed with. The white horse(s) were sensational to watch as it/they pranced through their routines. Actually I'm not into sword fighting, but it was interesting and fun to see, especially the charging of the horses across the floor. The food was very good and was selected & served with the theater in mind. There was plenty to eat. We arrived too late to see the Medieval Village, but there was generous parking. I highly recommend this as great entertainment after you decide you need a break from sun and sand.
Went to the 6 pm show Saturday Labor Day weekend and had a wonderful night. We had an issue with a staff member that was resolved promptly by the manager Jay who apologized and went above and beyond to rectify the problem. The show had our boys excited and they enjoyed every minute of it they are 9 and 11 years old. The dinner chicken was very good .. the potato and tomato soap.. Not so good. Service was very good although our server  Katee had a huge area to cover she did well. We had a nice evening.
Foods alright, no alteration in the menu since they feed the entire thing at once. Look online for a promo, we had a group of 8, at $65 a person we found a promo code that saved 50% so over $200.  Great for groups, bad parking situation and bad flow when leaving, use the back exit for leaving the parking lot.
Of all 154877999 dinner shows Orlando offers, this is the better one. However, is not all that. The dinner costs about $54 (or $32 if you're a Florida resident) The menu consists of tomato soup and garlic toast-- think warm tomato juice and the same frozen garlic toast you can buy at your local grocery store. Then is off to the rotisserie chicken, which you eat with your hands. The chicken was actually good, salty and not too greasy. It comes with one short rib (tastes like beef jerky) and a slice of fried potatoe. Dessert consists of a very bland and below average apple pastry. They serve sodas, which your waiter constantly refills. They also have a full bar (separate price) Overall, the show can be entertaining and it's best to go in a group. Everything moves pretty quickly when it comes to food. The show lasts about 2 hours and some of the tricks and acting can drag. If you suddenly *think* you see your waiter in the arena acting out a scene, you're right. Everyone multitasks. DO NOT go by the youtube preview or the ad they show at the tourist channel in your hotel room. It's nothing like they advertise on TV. That ad will make you feel you're about to experience an episode of Game of Thrones, when in fact is the same as a play you see your little nephew participating in. If you go in with low expectations, you'll have a good time.
Only went because it's all my 10 year old wanted to do for his birthday.  It started out nice. They take your picture every other turn and you're asked to buy, we declined all. I paid for a birthday announcement and pic for my 10 year old, which turned out well. Drinks are extremely over priced.  $7 for a draft beer is beyond ridiculous but we did expect that. Got our tickets for 2 children and 2 adults at $35 a piece and wouldn't pay a penny more.  I was extremely disappointed in being told at the end of the show 20% gratuity is NOT included in ticket price. The "wenches" do their job well from what I see but it's as  routine as the show. I'm all about taking care of my servers but I couldn't see tipping 20% of the extreme ticket prices I already dished out! I left $15, which they conveniently accept your credit card for a tip, just to not look like an a-hole. It was a nice time but my chances of going back are quiet slim. It truly is targeted at tourists which is a shame for the locals. Oh well. I can say I've been there done that and that's about it.
My expectations were not high upon stepping into Medieval Times™, especially after realizing it is surrounded by multitudes of abandoned motels. Before arriving, I was aware that silverware is not provided, because according to Medieval Times™ logic, silverware did not exist in medieval times. I was offended by the fact that I was unable to receive a fork, yet frozen margaritas in light-up cups, Pepsi and a barmaid with a portable credit card machine existed within the walls of the castle. The garlic bread and chicken were up to my standards, however, I was turned off from the tomato soup after seeing it served from a large Walmart thermos and gathering that it tasted like hot V8. I read previously on Yelp that the knights were a sight to see, however our knight's beady eyes left me feeling very uncomfortable; I was not pleased upon catching a flower thrown by him. The sword fights were painfully staged. The falcon was, in my opinion, very unnecessary and came dangerously close to touching my precious head. If the falcon had, in fact, touched me, I would have sued Medieval Times™ and wouldn't feel bad about it at all. The money I won would have been the only positive outcome of this experience. Also, the free crowns and banners were kinda cool.
I went here once when I was about 9 or 10 and I thought it was the coolest thing in the world. I went back recently at 22 and yep... still pretty much the coolest thing. It's just a really fun environment. It's nice to escape from every day life and travel back  in time! I would definitely recommend going with a large group, it makes it way more fun. I was with a big group of friends and we had a blast cheering for our knight and booing all the others. You have to really get into the show! We got there an hour and a half early and had plenty of time to kill. Parking was extremely easy, they had a large lot and it was nearly empty. We walked around the village, which was neat, and then got drinks in the lobby/gift shop area and walked around there. There wasn't a whole lot to do before the show but they did have a few knights walking around and the bar was open. The time passed pretty quickly and then we were seated.   The food came out quickly and was all hot and very good. I'm usually picky about meat but even I enjoyed the chicken. Of course eating with your hands is a little messy but they give you napkins and moist towelettes. The show was very enjoyable; all the performers did a good job and the horses were fun to watch. The battle parts were intense, we were screaming for our knight the whole time! As others mentioned it's all a bit pricey, but it's a tourist trap so what do you expect. There are ALWAYS discount codes you can find online, so don't pay full price for tickets! Of course they tried to sell you things at the show too, though; flags for your knight, shirts, etc. They took a lovely group photo of us but it was $20 to purchase so we said no thanks. The drinks were reasonably priced at $7 for a fairly small cocktail. I had two Maidens Kisses and was feeling pretty tipsy, so I'd say it was worth my $14. You've gotta let out your inner nerd a bit but almost anyone of any age is sure to have a blast here. I hope to return soon.
My wife and I went to the Friday matinee showing and loved every bit of it. Yes, we were surrounded by children as the matinee is primarily geared as an educational experience. The positives of this was that we were treated to a wonderful introduction by His Majesty the King about the history of Medieval life and weaponry ,and we were not surrounded by drunks. I have never been to the Kissimmee venue for the nighttime venue but I know the Buena Park CA location can get quite rowdy at night. The food is wonderful, the show is simply amazing. The showmanship and acting abilities of the knights, squires and royal house are superb. The horsemanship is awe inspiring. I especially loved the falconry demonstration. Talk about intense! There are hundreds of venues in Orlando competing for your dollars, but I have found very few as entertaining and deserving of them than Medieval Times.
This place is fantastic when it comes to dinner and a show. It has a medieval theme where they have knights jousting and other sorts of entertainment. Food: The food was delicious, and you have to eat with your hands, and they give you moist towelettes to wash your hands. They serve you a full 3-course meal, that consisted of: tomato soup, garlic bread, half a chicken, spare ribs, half a potato, and apple strudel.   The show: The show were knights of different colors, competing in all sorts of activities, such as jousting, fighting, horse tricks, putting jousting sticks through rings and other such things. The price was decent around $50 for an adult and $30 for a child. I highly recommend this place as the food is delicious and it is entertaining for adults and children.
For someone who can really get into shows this would be perfect! The meal was better then I would have expected, though I didn't expect much, I didn't go away hungry either. the whole feel was very authentic, except for the acting which i personally enjoyed the cheesiness of. My only complaint is how close I was seated to the person next to me, a big guy, and even though no one else sat towards the end of our row we were told more people could show up. All in all I might have enjoyed it more if I was more of a touristy type, but I still loved the horses,
I have been to both this place and their counterpart in East Lyndhurst N.J. and I must tell you that they both rock. If you into this type of thing then you must check it out. If there is no inner nerd hiding inside of you then skip this place. The food was really good considering it was a dinner show. The tomato Bisque soup is amazing. The chicken, ribs, and flat bread are great as well. You eat with your hands like they did back then so that wasn't an issue for us but they do have silverware upon request. The show itself is pretty good and has different aspects to it which makes it entertaining. Booing the other knights is a plus. Overall worth every penny. Go in a group for sure!
Love this place. We surprised the kiddos on the last night. We got a free upgrade and were in the second row. Food: Really not that bad, the chicken was moist and tasty (I am very picky) I did not eat my rib as my 7 year old did and he loved them. You eat with your hands so be prepared, they do provided wet towels for you. Show: Very entertaining and the kids could not stop watching, even the adults will enjoy this. Hints: Take cash as you will need to tip your server and some of the bars only take cash. Also, I signed up for the email and got a coupon for the upgrade. Go and be a kid again
Wife and I took our kids ages 6,8,10,12 and all had a great time.  The performance is well rehearsed and action packed.  The staff is friendly and outgoing.   The food was much better than I expected and there was plenty.   I highly recommend MT if your looking for something different and memorable.
I can honestly say this was the cheesiest thing I've ever experienced.  And believe me, I've seen some cheese. What makes Medieval Times so cheesy, you ask? * Everyone speaks with a lame Old English accent * You have to eat your meal without any sort of cutlery * Everyone around you is wearing a cardboard Burger King-esque crown * There are knights and wenches wandering around and picking on whoever looks  the most uncomfortable * Jousts!  Horses!  Princesses! But don't get me wrong, it was a blast!  I spoke with the silly accent.  I flirted with the hot knights.  And I found eating chicken (this was before my veggie days!) with my hands and slurping soup directly from the pot oddly satisfying.   A trip here is expensive, as you are paying for the entertainment as well as the meal.  Also be prepared to wait!  Since the show only runs so many times a night, you have to stand around and wait for the last show to end before you can go in.  To bide the time there's a small museum full of all kinds of medieval goodies to have a wander through, a gift shop and of course there is a full bar in the waiting room.  Huzzah!
Love, love love! When you have a 5-year old that says Medieval Times was his favorite part of a trip that included Disney, breakfast with Mickey and Minnie, a Halloween parade, rides, and Sea World... you know you have a winner. I live within a decent driving distance to Orlando (2 1/2 hours), so I come to the area a few times a year for Disney. However, for me a trip to Disney MUST include Medieval Times. This place is located just outside of Orlando in the town of Kissimmee. You'll know you're there when you see a large castle with flags and a small medieval-looking village next to it. You have to actually cross a moat and a bridge to get into the building! Once inside, the experience begins. You buy your dinner tickets, and walk to the waiting area. The entire place from beginning to end is meant to entrench you into the world of the medieval. You walk past knight armor, thrones, and wenches serve you beer at the right time of year. The waiting room is large, and you can take pictures of everything while you wait. You can take pictures on the throne, pictures of your face in knight armor, buy a broadsword and shield, or thank the King for being a gracious host. All the while, the Lord Chancellor calls out birthday celebrations and makes announcements about the coming evening show. The show. What a show! You are seated at large tables surrounding a rectangular sand pit arena, in color-coded sections that match the crowns you will be wearing (don't worry, they're just Burger King crown clones). Your given color will match the knight you will be LOUDLY cheering for (if you think you're not going to participate in cheering, think again). This isn't a dinner and a show. No, it's much more than that. It's an experience unlike any other, where you also happen to get a meal. I can't stress this enough: You aren't just watching a show, you ARE the show. The entire evening will have you truly feeling like you are a noble in a real kingdom, and you've come at invitation of the King to watch knights compete in various events. There's even a falconer. With a real falcon (and yes, it will be flying over your head). The knights will practice their aim with a lance by attempting to catch hanging rings, and the princess will reward the victors with flowers (which the knights will then toss back to any fair ladies in the crowd). Then the knights battle each other. They start with a joust. This isn't "fake" jousting, with rubber lances and shields, and cheesy acting. These are real wooden jousts that get broken into each other's shields in a grand display of flying shards and knights falling off their horses. It's really a sight (of course, there's no eye-gouging). Once the jousting is over, the knights take to the sand. They are handed weapons such as swords, axes, and spiked flails. And they're real. When the knights clash weapons, you may see a spark or two while the loud "clang" of iron vs iron fills the room. Only the deaths are fake (it would cost a pretty penny to keep training new knights). I don't know how it happens, but every single time I come here... the knight from my section wins the whole thing. EVERY TIME. I hope to be just as lucky next time :) And oh, there will definitely be a next time.
This place was a lot of fun. One wonders how they can stable enough horses for the show in such an urban location. I hope these horses get some field time somewhere. The actors were very good. They obviously perform a lot. The servers were both good and fast. This place would probably be hard on a vegetarian but was a lot of fun. A place like this is about the same price as a great restaurant. But, you get a good show and very average food. So, you just have to decide what is important to you. If your looking for an experience this might be the place for you. If your looking for gourmet cooking - go elsewhere.
Going back in time = FUN! Medieval Times has to be one of my favorite dinner theatres in the Orlando area (I mean there are SO many, right?) The show is expectedly hokey, but the food is fairly good, and as long as you don't take yourself too seriously there is definitely a fun time to be had. The Good: Nummy Finger Food: Generally I am not a fan of picking up a giant turkey leg and digging in, but here it somehow works. And the "handheld" apple pie? It may look like McDonalds, but it tastes damn good! Cheering Section!: Seriously, you'll have to check your ego at the door for this one. When you go to Medieval times you sit in a certain section and are given a certain color knight to cheer for. And honestly, even though all the results are somewhat fixed (I'm sure) cheering is super-fun! Especially when you've been drinking..... The Bad: Overpriced!!!!: Seriously, for the price I paid for a dinner show I could have gone to a theme park That's outrageous. However, I think the experience is one of those that you *have* to do, and I'm pretty sure the management knows it, which is why they are ble to keep prices SO freaking high. I really enjoyed going to Medieval times, and I would go again, but unfortunately it is just waaaay too expensive. Overall 6.3/10= Medieval Times costs too much Medieval Money! Overall 6.5
I cannot even begin to describe the sheer joy I felt while spending an evening at Medieval Times! My party of 7 (incl. 2 kids) arrived very early to buy tickets and then spent some time checking out the Medieval Village that featured their Torture Museum...both creepy and awesome! "The Saw" thing at the end seriously made me cringe! We were seated in the Blue Knight's section and I immediately took to cheering this guy relentlessly and booing everyone else especially the vile Green Knight! The action in the 1st half of the show was great and featured the knights showing off their riding skills and then came the meal... I was surprised at how good the food was. A tomato bisque and slab of garlic bread to start, a 1/2 chicken with some kind of fried potato thing and a single bbq rib as the main course with an apple turnover for dessert. Eat everything with your hands because during medieval times they were savages and had no forks, you guys. Pepsi, however, was cool as long they were a paying sponsor. They also have a full bar & while a bit expensive, getting a little lubed up just adds to the evening. The ending of the show featured hand to hand "combat" and it was all well choreographed which including different weapons, shields, etc. The story itself is played, but that's not the point. The point is audience participation, letting the kids enjoy the show and giving off a really Pro Wrestling vibe so people suspend reality for a couple hours. Dont go to Medieval Times expecting great acting, gourmet food or...class. Go to Medieval Times to heckle the shit out the evil knight, demolish dinner with your hands and have a really fun night out!
As one of the guides to the village mentioned, this is the only Medieval Times in the country that has a village.  It's complete with artifacts such as looms, farming equipment, beer brewing/wine making products, weapons, and my personal fav of it all, torture devices.  All of these looked BRUTAL and included descriptions/depictions of the usage.  The chastity belts were...interesting, noting that there were spikes on two holes.  Anyway, onto the review of the experience. I was really, really excited about coming here, although slightly reminiscent of The Cable Guy.  You are told to arrive at least two hours before your dinner and I'm not exactly sure why.  We had lots and lots of time to wander around and peruse the "gift shop" area.  They seemed to have everything a typical tourist would want (I'm including myself in that category).  I received a yellow crown, so I opted to get a drink called the Executioner in a yellow collectable hurricane glass.  We got pretty bored waiting for the previous show to end. The food was pretty tasty, especially the vegetable soup given before the meal.  As the previous reviewer mentioned, there is no silverware so you eat completely with your hands.  The rest of the meal consisted of a half chicken, a pork rib, a roasted potato, and an apple fritter-ish dessert.  I left satisfied, but not overstuffed.  I also forgot to mention that the beverage service offered Pepsi or beer (of course I opted for the beer, although I'm thinking that it may have been non alcoholic).  They also have cash bar service as well.   The show was incredible...the princess was really, really annoying.  I always feel bad for show animals, though, I wonder how the horses are treated in order to learn the tricks they can do.  The knights were very talented in all the tasks they needed to perform.   This makes for an entertaining evening on a vacation.
"Oh, farewell, my beloved." - Princess with the worst fake British accent ever Aside from the lame attempt at adding a romance to the already lackluster storyline, Medieval Times makes for a pretty enjoyable and entertaining evening. Just don't go expecting a story. Food was actually pretty good, and the fact that you have to eat it without the aid of utensils is pretty awesome (yes, i like eating with my hands but I don't do that anymore since it's apparently, well, primitive or something). First thing is tomato soup and garlic bread. I usually dislike tomato soup, but this was pretty good, so I actually drank quite a bit of it. Second thing is the roasted chicken and ribs w/ herb-crusted baked potato. I skipped the ribs 'cos I've never really been a fan, so I can't comment on that. But the chicken (all half of an entire bird) is pretty good, and so is the potato. Third and last is the dessert in the form of a somewhat sad apple turnover, but it still tasted delicious. The parts with the knights are the most entertaining. I honestly could care less about the whole horse dancing and tricks part. I was only looking forward to and enjoyed immensely the jousting, sword fighting, and the other knight competition things. You are seated into sections that each have their own names and colors. I was seated in the Yellow section and our knight was handsum! Ahem. You can take pictures with them, and the king and princess and prince after the show, btw. Yes, I took a picture with my knight. I did not pay the full price for it, and to be honest, if I had, I would've been deeply disappointed. I say that it's only worth at most $35, so make sure you look around for deals instead of just heading there and buying the at-door price of about $60. PS: You can purchase alcoholic beverages from the bar while waiting to be seated, or while you're watching the show. Just in case that info is super duper important to you.
Overall good dinner show, very much worth attending if you can get the standard    discount on your tickets The good: great show and costumes, tomato soup was delish, good crowd involvement (comparing to Arabian Night which I attended 2weeks ago). Medieval village setup outside castle was really cool.  If I had to pick between Arabian Nights or Medieval times I would do this show. The OK: Food was Ok, read alot of reviews about food being bad which it was not, but it wasn't amazing either. The food will warm but all together I would not pay $10 for the type of food being served. The bad: full ticket price, do a google search for discount codes, typically will find between 20 and 40 % off base price code. Do not pay full price. We found a code that was 50% off
Really fun. The show is really great with horses and knights and lots of action. The food is good but not amazing. Look for coupons to get a good deal on admission. It's great fun to cheer for your knight as the preform feats of valor. Would defiantly go again.
It's Medieval Times. You know what you're going to get. If you don't like "loud noise" or "eating with your hands" or other silly "touristy stuff" then stay away. This place is best experienced with a family or group that you love. The food is really good considering they have to make it en masse for hundreds of people. Even the vegetarian meal was delicious. If you're worried about the price, buy your tickets online. They're always running some kind of discount. Last time I went, our tickets were $35 after an online coupon. We strolled in five minutes before showtime and still got awesome seats. So unless you're a stick in the mud or some kind of ultra-hipster who is too cool for school, you should have a blast.
Medieval isn't my thing but I enjoyed myself a great show and good food. Many says that food wasn't good but I happened to think the food wasn't bad at all for minimum seasoning. Skip all the fancy decoration and you'll get yourself real food. If you don't mind eating with your hands you're in the right place! You first drive up to this impressive castle which was well detailed inside and out, if you're there early enough you'll be able to visit the gift shop and get your drinks before hand. Once seated you're already started with your meal - garlic bread and tomato bisque (which was pretty darn good). The show was pretty entertaining and each colored section gets pretty riled up cheering for their knight. The story unfolds and you get to become part of the show. It's a great show if you've never been and also great for children. The food was more than enough for me as you get half a roasted chicken, roasted potatoes, spare rib, and also dessert along with your starter garlic bread and tomato bisque.
I asked my husband for the cheesy Florida experience and boy, did he deliver!  Don the paper Burger King crowns, walk the medieval village in awe (especially the torture chamber), cheer for your knight as you eat your food with your bare hands, rawr!  The more shameless, the better!   Yes, you eat unspectacular tomato soup, school lunch garlic bread, roast chicken, and a fruit pie pastry that's similar to a McDonalds Apple pie but come on!  If you wanted fine dining, go to a restaurant.  I'm sure it tastes a million times better than whatever they really ate in the Medieval times.  We had a night we will remember fondly and laugh about for many years to come.
Good times. Plenty of food. About 2 hrs for the show.  They do a lot of specials online like free Royalty upgrades and etc.  We did the Royalty upgrade and netted a behind-the-scenes DVD, programs, second row seating in the Green Knight's section and an awesome view.  They do a meet & greet after the show in the lobby so be sure to stick around and snap a few shots with the family and the royal family. The food is good but not great.  There's planty of it but if you're not a fan of getting your hands dirty, you might want to bring your own dinnerware (they didn't have it in medieval times....).
I've never been to a dinner and entertainment type of thing before... I really enjoyed Medieval Times. The entertainment was awesome - definitely worth the money. the food was ok... You eat with your hands (like in Medieval Times - duh...) so that was a little thing to get used to... The chicken was dry... The service was definitely excellent though - very helpful and entertaining at the same time.. I'd visit again. :)
Very, very fun! The show was great. The actors were all in costume and in character. The king was the best. He definitely looked and sounded like an old, kind, wise king. We got to watch jousting, cheer for our knights, see horses dance and eat a heart meal. The horses were trained to trot beautifully. Most importantly, I think the horses are treated well. The show's story was a little hard to follow and I think I would have a hard time if I was small child. However, it's easy to tell who the bad guy is. The food was pretty good. One slice of garlic bread, a bowl of tomato soup, a huge chicken thigh, one piece of rib, a slice of potato and a pastry. Everything was cooked very well. The chicken was moist, the rib was tender. The bf loved the pastry. My favorite was the tomato soup. The entire meal was a bit heavy, but I guess that's how they ate in the medieval times! If you pay extra, you can get knighted by the king.
So me & the bf planned having a "tourist night" and were prepared to be amused by whatever happened-good or bad, cheezy or silly. Well, let me tell you, our outing here was hilarious and a night to remember! 3.5 Stars is possible! Upon arriving, the walkway to check in consisted of viewing torture devices and strange tools. We had the giggles trying to figure out what was used for what. It was amusing hearing little kids ask their parents what everything was for and listening to their answers. After check in, we were lead into a large, vast room with castle-like stuff as well as a bar, which was very popular. This was a hang-out room that was great for photo ops until we could be lead into the arena to see the show. Now- if you like to drink, this is the (pricey) place for you! We each ordered a souvenir glass roughly the size of a margarita-fish bowl called the Executioner- I think we spent almost $50 for the glasses and drinks- yikes!  What did it consist of? Basically, every kind of liquor (in vast amounts) that you could think of and it was goooood. The show- who doesn't love to see horses and a nice performance?! As this has already been reviewed many times, I'll focus on other aspects. The waitresses were also called wenches, much to the amusement of the crowd. And yes, my bf yelled at the wenches to bring him another drink (all in good fun). All the food was eaten by hand. I'm pretty sure the bf enjoyed playing barbarian for the evening. Please note- do NOT have two Executioners. Halfway thru the meal, after my bf downed two Executioners in a row, he passed out.   All in all, it was a fun night! Would I go back? Probably not, once was enough, but it was a night I won't forget for a long time!
We took our four kids here on a whim last night. We purchased the VIP front row tickets and they were worth it! The kids loved it! Our children are 8, 5, 3 & 8-months. We arrived right at 7pm despite being told to arrive by 5:45pm and I'm glad! Of course we could have walked around and looked at things before the show but there are so many vendors selling overpriced princess & knight novelties...our kids would have begged for swords and celebs! We took pictures before the show which turned out pretty cute. During the knight competitions 2 of my girls received flowers from our knight and my third daughter received the "Queen of the Tournament" sash! The photographer was conveniently there taking photos and sold us $20 worth of priceless pictures. So I've established that the show was great. It was entertaining, fun, and the entire crows was into it! I was shocked. Felt like I was at the NCAA basketball tournament. Food was pretty good too! My baby boy loved the garlic bread which was tasty! Chicken was delicious and the apple turnover was yummy. Yes, it's a little pricey, but the kids made tons of memories and us adults had fun too! ;) Everyone has to experience it once in their life!
I've been to this show before but in a different city. The show is great so bring your friends, bring the kids. From horses, kings, knights, sword fighting, jousting, and falconry. There is something for everyone. The food was good too. Tomato soup was OK. Chicken and ribs were tasty. Potatoes OK. Pastry for dessert was OK. Look online for discounts. No need to pay full price. Got my tickets at ticketsatwork.com .
If you're looking for fine food, this won't be the option.  Nor if you want high end, sophisticated entertainment.  If you have three hungry kids that enjoy watching knights do battle, then this is the place.  Kids LOVE this.  We've gone once in Chicago, too. The horses are amazing, as are many of the stunts and lighting effects. Be sure to check around on-line... there are always a lot of great deals.  Try to get there a little early so you have better seating.  It's first come first serve for seat selection unless you pay a big premium for deluxe tix.  The dungeon torture tools museum is great fun (and presented in way not to scare the daylights out of little kids).
Ye King's ould English, check. Ye eating with your hands and all kinds of metal on metal action, check. What can you say about Medieval Times that hasn't been said? Well, they do have a little village filled with historical relics from the Spanish Inquisition. And before you start singing that Mel Brooks song, get this -- all that crap in their village is real and really, really old. This shit just got real. The show was awesome, and the servers were pretty great too! Where else can you get jousting, horses, hot princesses and a half a chicken? Medieval Times, that's where! Also, here's a fact that they told us: This location is the first Medieval Times and the only one with a village. The one in our back yard (Anaheim) is the "high grossing" one. There are many many things you can do to get a discount, especially on weeknights. Just gotta ask them.
Got taken here as a date for my birthday. And oh my....it definitely caught me by surprise. Lol I loved every bit of it. It was very different than the typical fancy dinner dates. This was a fun interacting dinner. You get placed in a team when you first walked in, and you get to cheer for your team during dinner. Food was good but nothing special. It was more for the show than food at this place. It's like traveling back in medieval times. It was a quite memorable experience!
Being a Florida resident - Orlando is like my back yard - but like most people who drive up Orlando is known for the theme parks and people always seem to forget the "Local Thing to do." went for the first time about a month ago and was excited for the whole out come. What can I say this place blew me away. The horse show is phenomenal the amount of training and descriptive they have is mind blowing. the food is an experience on its own. To maintain the theme you are to eat food with no utensils - bare hand to eat a piece if chicken is very barbaric yet very find at the same time. Definitely want to come back - something totally to do out of the norm in the Orlando we all know so much.
This is a fun and unique experience and for 40 bucks you get the show plus dinner and drinks included, over all it is not over priced compare to other shows such as the once at Disney plus a meal included to bad this place is not doing to well but it is still pretty fun to watch it at least once after that it gets kind of old. Good place to take the family or friends or anyone visiting Orlando. Great for kids!!!
We had a terrific time at the dinner show. Food was outstanding and spread out over the entire length of the show. Service was top notch. The show was great and you could see that the horses are well fed and not abused. Florida resident special is a steal. Wonderful time!
Another place I've been to over the years and have never been disappointed - this most recent time was no exception. The service is always efficient. It's too band you can't get to know your server but when they have so many people to take care of...oh well. The meal comes out hot, fast, and very well done. The chicken was moist, the ribs were juicy, and the sides were good too. Overall it's the best meal at a dinner show I have ever had and I will definitely be back.
Medieval Times is a great alternative for a place to spend the evening that is far more entertaining than any fancy restaurant that may cost you about the same amount of money.  A show is performed while you are served your abundance of medieval style food.  The food is very tasty, and the show is entertaining but definitely something the kids would enjoy more.   The event is a bit cheaper for children, so I would recommend taking your kids if you have any, they will definitely enjoy themselves.  Not only is it a fun place, but it is also educational too (the first time I went was with my 7th grade english class).
Had wonderful time there! Me and my whole family really enjoyed it. It was not cheesy, they work hard to make it as real as possible and develop a story line. The horses were magnificent and the knights were hot ;)
This place is so much fun i used to live in Orlando i worked at Wet n Wild and used to go to Medieval Times all the time.  Its really cool to smoke before the show it makes the actors seem more realistic. I remember i had chicken and potato which was good as-well.  I recommend that if you are in the Orlando area take your kids and you happy ass's to visit Medieval Times Theater for an Educational Experience.
Be sure and make reservations. Not the place to just pull in and get a ticket. Get there early and tour the grounds. Lots of history and items to view.
Having never been to Medieval Times, I wasn't quite sure what to expect. I had always heard from friends who had gone on high school field trips, and also heard from friends who had gone as an older adult, and all the reviews were positive, so I walked in feeling good. The reviews were all correct, as I had a FANTASTIC time. Medieval Times is located right off I-4, pretty close to Disney and Universal, so if you're in town to do the parks, you could also swing down and check this place out. It's in a HUGE castle, with plenty of parking available for every show. When you first walk in, you are given your seats in a certain section, and the color of the section is the knight you will be rooting for in the tournament. You are also given a crown adorning the colors, and you are ushered in to a room, where you can take a picture with the King or Princess. Once you leave there, you are led into a HUGE waiting room, filled to the brim with merchandise, which includes t-shirts, flags, and all kinds of medieval broadswords and dragons and such. The greatest part- there are 2 bars, serving up LOTS of great beverages. Sodas for the kids, and a GREAT selection of alcoholic beverages. I bought a HUGE pilsner glass filled with delicious Samuel Adams. It is the coolest glass I've ever owned, it kept my beer ICY cold, and once you buy it, you can refill it for 7 bucks... for the amount of beer you can fit in this thing, it is a GREAT deal. Also check out the dragon's kiss mixed drink- delicious. You enter the arena one section at a time, and are led directly to your seats. Once there, a serf describes the evening's events and what you are required to do. When the show starts, food is brought out to you, and you eat your meal as the show progresses. The food was really damn good, and extremely filling. Make sure you let them know ahead of time if you are a vegetarian, as you will be surrounded by meat! I was served tomato bisque with garlic bread, a half of a chicken which was roasted and DELICIOUS, a spare rib, and an apple turnover. You also get two drinks (water or soda), and waitresses are walking around to refill your alcoholic beverages from the bar, as well as people selling souveneirs. The show itself is pretty much what you'd expect, although I left very, VERY impressed. There is lots of jousting, different challenges, and sword fighting. The actors pull this off very well, as not only are they acting, but getting very physical with the fighting, and doing all this ON HORSEBACK. Impressive. Mix in great music and sound, smoke, lasers and strobes, and you've got yourself a sweet ass show. I had a GREAT time at Medieval Times and will definitely be back. The fact that I was able to have a couple of cold beers made it that much better. The show and food was great, and it is an awesome experience, especially for families. The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars, is that the price is a tad bit high. I paid 55 dollars, although since I ordered the tickets online, I was able to get a free royalty upgrade. I had an amazing time, and realizing the amount of work and talent that goes into the show, I understand it's going to be expensive, but that seems to be a bit much. Overall, though, I recommend this place to ANYONE looking for a great, enjoyable, relaxing night out.
Fun night out for a group of people - organizations, family birthdays, etc. I do not recommend this for a date night unless you are the type who really gets into jousting and stuff like that. The show relies on a lot of audience excitement and if the audience sucks, your experience won't be as fun. Get there early to see the medieval village that is in the other building. It contains mostly middle-age (some from other periods) items that are interesting to look at. There is also a torture exhibit that shows various torture items that were used hundreds of years ago. The food is so-so. You are eating with your hands so you wouldn't expect a gourmet meal here. You get a huge piece of chicken (1/2 chicken) but they are stingy with the ribs. There are free soda refills. The alcoholic beverages are not too expensive considering they could really rip you off in that manner (since the place caters to tourists). You are seated in one of six sections for each knight. You are expected to get behind and cheer for your particular knight. We had the evil knight and it was fun. Try to buy your tickets online in advance because you can get much better deals than you will get at the door. I am not sure I would have been satisfied if I paid full price. Finally, if you have kids beware. There is a store in the waiting area that has pretty awesome looking medieval items. Your kids will be harassing you to buy all of it for them.
Like most dinner shows the show isn't good enough to see without food and the food isn't good enough to eat without a show. Having said that, the food was pretty good and the show was pretty entertaining. Excellent for kids, ok for adults.
We had family in town and they suggested we join them here for the show. We had been here once before about 10 years ago and had a good time, so we said lets go. Driving this far down into the Kissimmee tourist corridor was a trip, I have not been way down here in years. Medieval Times is easy to find, they have the brightest sign on the right on Highway 192, just watch for it. The parking lot was crazy, with cars and buses coming and going, we finally found a place to park. I had found a discount code on their website, so we got in at about half price, getting the tickets was an easy 5 minute wait. Then you get seated in a long hall. The show takes place in the middle. The horses are extremely well trained and impressive, the stars of the show. The food was decent and they serve you plenty of it, while you watch the knights battle it out. I think it is great fun for kids and adults.
Good place to take your kids or have a kids party.  The entertainment was fun but cheesy.  The food is not good.  They give you one of everything so come hungry..  FYI- You come here for the entertainment not the food.
Was definelty a fun time. The  chicken was really good and the show was entertaining
I think it is safe to say EVERYONE visited here at least once during junior high or high school. I had the blessing of going several times at both. How can you not have fun eating with your hands and cheering for your favorite knight.
This certainly surpasses Arabian Nights Dinner Show.  We always hit this show up when in Orlando.  This year was no different.  Took my family to the show and it was still pretty good.  Entertaining, although they did say it was a new show.  Not quite.  The food was very hot and not bad at all.  I think their servers are overworked, like most of us these days, because it took forever to get our food.  Other than that, go and enjoy yourselves.  For military folks you can get discounted tickets at the ITT office on any military base.  Saves a ton of money off of the door price.
Love love love this place! My husband and I have been to this location, Buena Park in California, and I have been to the Dallas TX location; it never gets old. The food is so tasty and I can never eat it all. The horses are beautiful and it's nice to pay about $50 a person and get a show with dinner. If you're looking for a fun date or something fun for the kids this place is awesome!
I was highly surprised! Never would I have imagined having such a great time. The food was pretty good.
Oh gosh! Medieval Times is one of those random quirky places much recommended for those who are looking for something "different" to do in Orlando. By different I mean if you come here you might end up in a castle. The cost to access this castle is usually around $25-$35 depending on how lucky you might get. The good news is that they serve you dinner along with entry and they also give you a paper crown so you can leave your real one at home. Now, depending where you sit the whole stadium here is divided into teams. The knights in this team will battle it out in this stadium with great fake sword fighting skills and sparring. They will ride horses and make them run around in circles with dramatic music. A king will come out to talk jibberish while your meal comes out. You can choose either a meat or vegetarian dish to accompany a tomato soup. To my shock factor the vegetarian kabob was phenominal. They grilled thick mushrooms, peppers, onions, and potatoes for the kabob. Totally worth coming to this show even for that damn delicious kabob! Medieval Times is an epic journey every Floridian must try at least once. The show is highly corny but too damn funny to pass on.
The food is really good, but be careful it's hot. The rib wasn't as bad as everyone makes it out to be, and the chicken was amazing, as well as the potato. Really good portions and the server was really friendly, all of them were. At the bar you have an option of getting your drink in a souvenir cup, however it already comes with one. The show was really good, our yellow knight won! Great horse performances as well, although I felt bad for them.
If you are a foodie looking for a fine dining experience, or a show snob looking for a sophisticated production, this is not the place. If you are out to have a good time, get your hands a little dirty while chowing down (without utensils)  on some grub (it's edible), ready to get a little rowdy, then this place will satisfy. This dinner show has a broad appeal; familys with kids probably as young as five, on up to even teens. Also a fun place to take a date. Really, anybody of any age, as long as they bring along the right attitude, should have a good time here. I recommend coming early and hanging around in the lobby area to get into the spirit. See the gift shop, take pics, start talking funny (call eachother my lord and my lady), you get the idea. How much fun you have will definately depend on the ability of you and your group to get into it and cheer. If you can spread that mood to the rest of your section, you're in for a good time. People who just sit there will be the ones to give this show a lower rating. Do your best to find a coupon ahead of time  in one of the travel publications to save yourself some $.
Best dinner show in Orlando. Love this place! Great food and the show is wonderful. For kids of all ages, definitely a treat.
I went here while I was on a band trip my sophomore year of high school just as a supposedly fun thing to do while we were in Florida, but it wasn't the MOST fun thing we did there.  They have a nice little souvenir area in the lobby and have those pictures where you can put your face on a medieval character's body (they let you try as many as you want for free but then to purchase them it's ridiculously overpriced).   As for the food, it was so-so, and since at that time, I didn't eat meat outside of my house (unless it was Kosher), I was happy I was able to get a vegetarian option (basically a plate of vegetables which allowed you to cheat by using a fork--normally they do not provide silverware).  Unfortunately, the show almost made me doze off, but after the fact I did get the Blue Knight's autograph (the one everyone on my trip was rooting for).
This place is a lot of fun! Keep an eye out for specials on their website because it runs about $55 per person for regular admission. I love the set up and how you don't have to worry about choosing your meal because the servants just come around and serve you! lol. Great tomato bisque and garlic bread! yum!
I am a native Floridian and have done just about every touristy thing 100's of time.  However, I had never been to medieval times.  So we got tickets to go see it. You walk in and get your tickets and they assign you to a knight who's team you are on.  Based on that they give a crown to wear to represent your knight.  The next step is a picture with the princess.  They take the picture and later on during the show they will come around and try to sell them to you. Once you get through all of that you enter the great hall where there are shops, bars and various little shows taking place.  You spend about an hour or so in there and then its time to get seated for dinner.  They call groups in one at a time based on your knight so they can get everyone in an organized manner. Once your inside your "servant" ie waiter is by quickly to start pouring drinks.  The bar wench also stops by to bring items from the bar.  Soda is free, bar drinks are extra.  After a few minutes the place goes dark the show starts and food starts rolling in.  First is a piece of garlic bread.  It's round and flat and really seems like garlic flat bread.  Next is the tomato soup which comes in a bowl with a handle as silverware is not permitted at the medieval times. The soup is actually pretty good and if you like to dip like I do the soup and garlic bread go together perfect.  For some reason the soup reminded me of pizza sauce it wasn't very sophisticated but it was good and the kids liked it so one point to Medieval Times for getting kids to eat veggies. Next is the main course which is a 1/2 roasted chicken, a single spare rib and a couple potato wedges.  The chicken is good it's flavorful and moist and is seasoned well.  I didn't think the rib was that great it was greasy and didn't come off the bone too easily so nothing impressive there.  The potato wedges were decent but nothing to write home about. Next course is dessert which is an apple pastry.  I am not a big fan of apple desserts so I didn't give it a try.  So I can't comment on how it tastes. The show was entertaining enough.  The horses are beautiful and amazing to watch.  The sword fighting didn't do much for me but the kids loved it so it was still a positive. One thing I will mention is it is very loud from the moment you sit down to the moment you leave.  If you don't like loud people screaming around you all night it's probably not for you.  It's a fun energy though as everyone cheers for their knight. Overall I gave it a 4 I would probably give it a 3 but when I factor in how much the kids loved it I would average it at a 4.
I had never been to Medieval Times, even though I drove by the signs every day for a year! I went this past weekend and had such a surprisingly good time! The food surpassed any of my expectations. I was stuffed (I ordered the vegetarian option-which comes with a fork!). My bf loved his half of a chicken/rib meal as well. You are served a soup/bread, entree, dessert/coffee. The soup was the only negative part I could pick out.  The vegetarian meal came with a stuffed bell pepper, roasted vegetable skewer (which was by far my favorite part of my meal), roast potatoes, pita chips + hummus. Apple turnover was the dessert the night we went. The horses were so well trained and it's so fun to watch the battles. The actors worked the crowd well! The show is about two hours long. Considering everyone in my 12 person party was aged 25 or over and we all left with smiles. Note: Liquor/beer/wine is extra $ Tip: FL resident tickets are just under $40 (inc tax/fee) If you are in the area visiting or just looking for something different to do - I highly recommend this!
Amazing performance! Arrive at leas 30 min early to enjoy the pre-show festivities. The dinner service was rushed but I imagine its to keep the show moving. Bring a fork if you don't want to burn your hands trying to eat hot chicken.
We looked around on the Internet and got a good ticket discount.  Even without the discount, we would have been happy.  There is a village of antiques which was a big surprise.  Food was great, service very good.  The horse and the whole show was wonderful.  I don't think there are any bad seats.  Great fun!
I took my family to this event not knowing what to expect. All of the people I came into contact with were friendly, professional and stayed in character. The food was good and the entertainment was spectacular! It was by far, the best entertainment value for my dollar during my stay in Orlando! My family had a great time. I give them 5 stars for being serious about entertaining, and knowing their customer!
Freaking awesome show and good food too! Best of all your get to eat with your hands!!!!
Taken visitors there a number of times. Arrive early to see the horses. Food is OK. Show holds your attention, colorful, moves along at a good clip. If you enjoy horses this is a great venue.
The show was fun as it normally is.  The food was lackluster and small in portion size.  The price is getting to high for this place.
The theme - watching jousting knights in a medieval castle while you dine - is pretty cool and unique. I enjoy watching how the actors really get into their roles. The King sits high above the jousting rink and makes pompous pronouncements in a fake British accent. Too funny. They have a falconer who releases a falcon who flies just above your head. The food is pretty pedestrian. You get baked chicken and ribs, a piece of bread, baked potato wedges, and a cup of soup served by so-called "wenches" in medieval peasant costume. I have always gone on my birthday or wife's birthday when a free meal is offered; it was still pricey. Paying for two admissions would have been down right expensive. They have a "village" you can walk through if you get there early that looks pretty authentic based on what I've seen in England and Scotland.
You'll feel like a prince at Medieval Times. Be prepared to eat with your hands while you watch jousting and horse tricks. They try their hardest to make it as authentic an experience as possible. The food was pretty good and the show, though sometimes cheesy, was entertaining. Plenty of online discounts that cut the ticket price in half.
We have seen many of the shows here in Orlando and this one is one of the best we've ever seen. The food was excellent chicken spare ribs. The politeness of the serving staff making sure that you have a full three course meal.
My family and I had coupons - sat in the cheap seats red section 12 and felt like we had the BEST seats in the house!  How much fun was this place?  We had a blast!  Eating with your hands took a bit of getting used to and be careful because they fill those glasses FULL.  The show was great - I think it would have been more fun to be drinking with a group of friends but it was totally family friendly - my 9 year old had a great time.  The knights kept throwing carnations to all the little girls in the crowd, ADORABLE.  And I don't believe any animals were injured, that always bothers me during circus performances and the like.  The souvenirs were affordable, photo ops were great.  I would absolutely do this again.  The food wasn't bad either - of course the lighting was very dark so I couldn't really see the food, but it tasted just fine :)  To be honest I would be afraid to sit too close, who knows what those horses are kicking up too close to your food, know what I mean?
Bad food.  Lame show
I've been wanting to do this for years and I was not disappointed.  Had a looooong wait to enter the arena but there are creative cocktails and plenty of swords to admire while you wait.  The show was quite entertaining (I'm still partial to King Richard's Faire's joust in MA) and the food wasn't bad.  I expected a lot less quality in the performances and food than I got.  The only issue I had was the seating.  It's definitely key to get a seat towards the middle section close to the performance area.  It was a little hard to see sometimes from the corner I was sitting in.  My boyfriend and I had a wonderful experience, we even bought one of those cheeky photos the employees come around and take of you.  I didn't feel robbed of my money or quality of entertainment when I left and would easily enjoy another trip.  It's one of those events you get more out if you give a little; you have to get into it ;)
I'd pass. For the price I think there is much higher quality entertainment in Orlando. Blueman Group, Circ, etc. The food isn't very good, and why would it be when you are mass serving several hundred people the same thing?  The horses are beautiful but they, along with their knights don't so anything that amazing or entertaining. My 6 year old nephew went nuts over a stunt man show, but sat bored during this one, accusing it of being "fake". I'd pass and spend your money elsewhere.
I want there and I had a nice time but the biggest issue I had with this place is the price and once you get there they try  to upsell you on a bunc of stuff. It costs about $50 per person (and that was with a discount) and that entitles you to drink (with refill) and chicken, ribs, potatos, and a pastry. The upselling starts as soon as you  step in the front door. They hound you for a picture. you take a picture and then during the dinner they come back to your table to try and sell you on your picture that comes in a cheap frame. Oh and here is the kicker. After spending all of that money it costs you EXTRA if you want an alcoholic drink and even then they try to upsell you on getting it in an commerative cup which costs more. I have never been to Medieval times and once was enough for me. I won't be going back because it isn't worth the money. Granted the show was good and honestly this is a very unique experience. If you want something new and want to do something that is very different then go. But expect to spend some cash while you are there. I want with one other person and I came out spending a good $140 for the entire envening.  I won't be going back.
