As Lai-Yee pointed out, this primarily caters to the teeny bopper crowd. Many of the clothes are probably a little too young for me. Still, on occasion I've managed to find a few good items, including the perfect blazer and cardigan for an autumn wedding I was going to. Not knowing how the weather would be that day, I figured I better layer up. I also found of my favorite pair of jeans here for about ten bucks. The jeans selection is one of the store's largest, and most of them are pretty well priced. The majority of clothing here comes from youth-oriented brands like Urban Outfitters, American Eagle, Abercrombie, Aeropostale, Hollister, etc. There's a decent accessories section too., If you're like me and don't really care whether the shirt you're wearing is this season or last, you'll probably be able to find something here. I keep meaning to try selling some of my clothes here, but I suspect they may not be "hip" enough.
Like, OMG. I am so totes old. LOLZ! Okay, so going here on a weekend may not be the best idea if you're coughety-cough-cough years old (about 17) and without tweens. But if you are a bargain hunter like myself, this will not matter. Some staff are really good. Others are more "Eh, whatever.". I don't really get their buying policy. My guy didn't like the amount of dirt/wear on the guys' sneakers. Some of the clothing has a lot of pilling and fading (why would you buy something that looks like it should be either donated or thrown out and then sell it?). BUT, as long as you're not looking for something specific, you can probably find a few cute tops here or there. For some reason, Forever 21 stuff is priced pretty high (for used - ~$10 per top), but american eagle will run around $7/8. Still, can't beat finding a super-comfy & soft shirt for $5-6! You can now get 10% off if you check in on Facebook Places and show them your phone.
Whether you're buying or selling clothes at Plato's, you need to have a LOT of patience. If you're buying, then be prepared to look through a ton of clothes only find a few items you really like. Sometimes it's worth the look, as you can get really great items for pretty cheap. Most of the time, however, I find that they put ridiculous prices on some items and I can't justify spending that much on a secondhand piece when I could buy something very similar (and unworn) at Target for the same price. If you're selling, then you'll need to have patience with the staff. They're not exactly friendly. On one occasion I was told my clothes were too "mature looking" and to go sell them at Clothes Mentor, even though I saw several of the exact same items I was selling hanging on Plato's racks.  I have sold clothes to Plato's on several occasions and I still can't figure out their process. Sometimes items I'm positive they'll take, they don't. I usually bring in a couple shopping bags full of stuff and they'll take the equivalent of one bag full, which I generally get around $25 for. I got about $70 once, but that was only after I made them go through my bag again after they said the rejects were too worn, even though the top few items in the reject pile were brand new. Despite the service not being that great, Plato's is worth the look if you have a free afternoon. As mentioned in other reviews, it definitely caters to the much younger crowd but there are a few gems you may discover in your search through the racks. I recommend going to the Schenectady store rather than the Albany one, as it's less picked through and has nicer sales people.
I haven't been to a Plato's Closet since moving to the area, and we had time to kill so we thought we'd look around. They had a pretty decent amount of clothing, as well as accessories. Service was friendly. A lot of the clothing was really nice for being slightly worn.
I came back again today to sell more clothing. I dropped off a whole bag of stuff and they took everything but two items. I sold a pair of American Eagle jeggings, an Express dress, a AE cardigan (new with tags on), an AE tank top, an Abercombie and Fitch tank and all that for $15.90. Not bad! My husband noted that this batch wear not as worn as much. I tried to look around again for a blazer. I saw a cute one up at the front but it wasn't quite the one I wanted. I saw some other American Eagle cardigans that seemed over priced-they priced it at $18.00.
This place has got to be a godsend to parents with teenagers who are always begging for brand labels. They had a nice selection of clothes in here primarily, as others have said, from labels geared towards juniors like Aeropostale, Urban Outfitters, Forver 21, Express, etc. I found two really nice shirts I liked from Express but they had deodorant stains on the underarms and were $6. Now, I can get perfectly new t-shirts from Express on clearance for about $10 so I wasn't having it. They also had a nice selection of handbags and some Coach bags in really, really good condition. The prices on the Coach bags were between $30- $60. If you're looking for a funky, slightly teen style Coach bag in pink and other bright colors, definitely check this place out. I was not very impressed with their other accessories, however. They looked really cheap, like straight out of the dollar store cheap. It's definitely fun to browse here. You can be entertained for awhile and as someone said below, there's no high pressure sales or intrusive questioning. You can browse around in peace.
