Excellent food and the service was very attentive.  Wish they had one in Lakeland. That white bean soup is fantastic. I would highly recommend.
This place is divine! Thanks to yelps reviews, we had to check it out. Perfect service and the food was outstanding. We had a party of 6 and had no problems with anyone's meals. It was beyond busy in the restaurant, I don't think I saw any servers just standing around. The mojito is the best I've ever have and of corse we had to order more. Once seated, they brought us some plantains with a yummy garlic sauce. We had to get the mofongo! Yum! My husband order the seafood paella and I had the arroz con pollo, my mother in law order the pork sandwich, my kids had the empanadas and pollo with arroz. The food, was beyond delicious. The portions were huge! My kids kept saying, mom can we come back here tomorrow?! If you're in the area and want good quality food, this is definitely the spot to come too! My first 5 star rating!!
I give this place 3 stars the food was good but service was lacking. We ordered some drinks and the glass of wine my fiancé received was dirty! We asked to get a new glass of wine the server took it then came right back like seconds later. I saw the same smudge on the glass it was pretty disappointing that all he did was wipe it smh! I wanted to ask him if he would be ok taking his significant other to a restaurant and getting this kind of service! Not going back other places a lot better first and last time here!
Everyone around me was thrilled with their food, but they got seafood, so if you like seafood and rice, the paella was raved about. I got the Cuban Sandwich... surely a Cuban Bistro can't go wrong with a Cuban Sandwich...... right? It was only okay. It didn't have any sauce. I have never heard of a Cuban without mustard, but it was just meat, bread... and I think it had cheese? Not sure.  Next year in Orlando, I'll continue my quest for an amazing Cuban Sandwich. I didn't find it at Padrinos.
This place was awesome after going to ale house and massage envy and Mojitos various times I never knew that Padrinos was located there. Service was great. Very quick to sit down. Food was amazing plantain chips and Mojo were a unique touch. My girlfriend had tilapia with rice and Yuca and with every bite she took she ended up with a smile. I had seafood paella and it was huge. I didn't even get to finish the plate and the seafood inside the dish were very filling. Large shrimp large scallops. Large muscle. The music was also a nice touch very relaxing. Overall I will be returning to this place and having more meals. Great place.
Visited here while on vacation to WDW and Universal. The day we visited we were EXHAUSTED after a day at Gatorland. The service was great and she happily let my partner (who is most definitely an adult) take a nap in the booth until the food got there. She politely poked fun but we loved her none the less. the food was so good. I forgot the names of the dishes (because it's been a few months since my trip) but one of us got the cuban sandwich (with pork) and one of us got some type of steak (maybe skirt steak?) and we shared empanada appetizer. everything was so delicious. It's on my list for my next Orlando vacation for sure.
Padrino's was another great Yelp find in Orlando. The food was good and the service was great. To start with they bring out some Plantain chips with a garlic sauce. There is a huge selection in the menu and I wish I had time to try more things. I was surprised to see things like Mofongo and Paella on the menu of a Cuban place and I wish I could try them all among plenty of other things on the vast menu. I had the Lechon Asado and it was very good, but the pork was a little dry. I had thought about the Ropa Vieja and wish I had gotten it instead.  The Plantains that came with my dinner however were perfect and I could have almost made a meal out of them. I really liked this place and was torn between a four and five star review, ultimately it was the pork that made my mind up for me. Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed Padrino's and will gladly go back next time I'm in Orlando. Maybe I would give it a five star if I had something other than the pork.
One of the most amazing Cuban food you can eat. The place is awesome. The people are great.  I Came here twice during my vacation and I can't wait to come back!!
The food here was incredible. I could've and would've eaten there all week ,if it wasn't for the shotty service. We had our appetizers before our drinks, the order was completely wrong when it arrived, and the staff wasn't friendly at all. If you're looking for a good Cuban food fix, this is your spot, if you want to enjoy a nice sit down experience, look elsewhere.
Great restaurant. Portions are large and food is absolutely delicious. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable. We had the 2 for 1 happy hour mojito cubanos which were very good. I ordered the churrasco steak with arroz morro and really enjoyed it. My husband and daughter ordered the mahi mahi and loved it too. Tapas were good too. We ordered the combination tapas which were also well proportioned and very tasty. I will definitely visit again and recommend Padrino's to everyone.
Amazing hidden gem in the heart of Hunter's Creek.  We stumbled upon this restaurant when the restaurant next door failed to open at their specified time for lunch time.  We were very happy to have found this place.  The free plantain chips are amazing and the food is very good for Orlando.  I am from South Florida, so I have a good comparison to authentic Cuban food -- this place was authentic and pretty tasty!
Amazing food, best Cuban outside Miami!! Rich, bold flavors. All your senses come alive in this place, good atmosphere and live music. A must try. Vaca frita, lechon assado and flan all super delicious!
There's really little I can say about Padrino's other than my Felpers certainly know their Cuban food.  Unfortunately, Sister Holland is home in Utah practicing her Sunday School Lesson since she's now joined the legitimately illegitimate spouse's club of Salt City.   Too bad because this place is a palace of Cuban cuisine in Central Flarida.   Get the sample platter to start, try not to eat the all the plantain chips although the dip with white onion makes a fitting contrast to the sweetness of the bananas, order the paella and save room for dessert.   No matter what anyone says you will never ever have flan that exceeds the flavor, texture and richness of the flan at Padrino's.  I wish I had skipped the main course because I was ready to dive into this tiny wonder of creamy goodness.     There's nothing really more that needs to be said about Padrino's.  If you're in the area around SeaWorld and want authentic Cuban this is the place.
I've been coming to Padrinos since the 80's. It originated in Hallandale Beach, FL as this tiny house with 22 tables. All of a sudden they erupted into this franchise. When I discovered they were here in Hunter's Creek, FL, I immediately called to see if they were under the same management. They were- WOOHOO!! Nothing has changed!! The food is still amazing, and the service is too notch. My recommendations- don't fill up on yucca chips & mojo (even thought they are totally addicting). Try the mofongo or empanadas to start. For your entree, chicken steak, palomillo steak & leche as ado or all great choices. AND YOU HAVE TO GET FLAN & ESPRESSO (even of you need to be rolled out)!!! The flan reminds me of my mom's- SMOOOOOOTH!!! 5++++++++++ stars I tell u!!!
The salad and Cuban o sandwich was excellent. Enjoy wry one in group really enjoyed the food. Flan ordered all round.
Pretty darn good Cuban food.  This place is in a rather new strip mall.  Nice decor with huge booths.  Thanks to yelp we found this place.  Portions are huge and food was delicious.  The seafood paella was just perfect, lots of shrimp, fish and sausage.  Loved the maduros too. Service was just ok and don't bother with the chicken soup, very bland.  My husband also raved about the cafe con leche.  This was a nice alternative to all the chain restaurants in Orlando. P.s. The flan is as legit as it comes, so yummy!
After the not so great Cuban dining experience, I wanted to try to change the bf's mind. We arrived when they had live music, that created a good ambience. Service was pleasant and brief. We ordered the Combinacion Cubana which included empanadas, croquettes and tamal cubanos. The empanadas were tasty! Wish I had ordered just the empanadas as an appetizer. The croquettes were good but you can skip the tamal cubanos. The chicken noodle soup definitely stood out. We wished we ordered a bowl rather than a cup...between the two of us. I need that recipe! As for our courses, we had the ropa vieja and the seafood paella. The ropa vieja was rather chewy. If only it was a little softer but the flavors were all there. Now the seafood paella was plentiful and flavorful. The rice was cooked perfectly and embodied all the flavors of the mussel, scallop, fish and sausage. Definitely a must order if you dine here. I should have written my review two years ago the first time, but better late than never. =)
Server and hostess were sweet  meal served by expeditor-hot! Flavors are fantastic and great food at very reasonable price . lots of birthday celebrations and who can blame them its a fun place   we stayed long enough for a second round of Guantanamera . we were seated right next to the musician but could talk easily. Orlando area is full of chain restaurants - this is family like and not a chain. Enjoy
Really good food  huge portions great service killer mojito will come back again and again
Great service! Our waitress Viv was awesome and definitely made this experience a 5 star! Love the plantain chips with the garlic. We even had a second round. I ordered the lechon asada (pork) with yellow rice and the yucca. They ran out of yellow rice though :( so instead I got the tostones (?). It was pretty good anyway! Bf got the skirt steak and it was cooked to perfection, as were our other friends' steaks. Mojitos were delicious! I got the strawberry, bf got the mango, friend got the cosmorito. All were good. Dessert: Bread pudding with raisin and rum sauce. Topped with ice cream. Best part of the meal! Definitely filling ESP for the price you pay!
We came here for lunch and we choose this place according to yelp reviews. This was another nice Yelp find! I ordered: Picadillo Empanadas as appetizer and Masas de Puerco as entree. It tasted delicious:) I will come back again!
Went here based on Yelp reviews & it was well worth it.  We intend to return each time we're in Orlando & have a Cuban cuisine craving!
Decent Cuban food. Service might have been off tonight, but food was good, drinks were decent, just a little slow with the service. Would recommend if you're craving Cuban food.
While in Orlando for a week away and looking for something we can't really get at home, we decided to try something 'Cuban' and this place was the highest rated restaurant near where we were so we decided to try it out. Not having had Cuban food before I don't have a baseline to compare it with but I will say that I liked my meal. FOOD: As has been noted, you are started with complimentary plantain chips which come with, I think, an onion salsa.  I quite liked this.  The serving size I found was quite large so, in reality, you can nibble on these and pass on an appetizer. As an appetizer, we ordered the empanadas.  While I liked the meat interior, I personally found the crusty shell a bit too thick/heavy for my taste. (But again, maybe this is normal for Cuban food, I don't know). As a main, I ordered their Lechon Asado and the missus had I think the Mahi Mahi.   Admittedly the Lechon Asado (pork dish) didn't start off well as I found my first few pieces a bit dry and bland.  However, there is a sauce/oil that was under the meat and when I finally started to move things around in the oil, the flavour definitely shot up.  Never having had 'yucca' before, I guess I found it flavourful though a bit oily and there are shoots in it that can't really be eaten so just keep in mind not to put a bit forkful in your mouth!.  The rice, personally I found too dry for my taste.   The missus like her Mahi Mahi. So, all in all the food was pretty good and I would recommend going there to try it out. OTHER: - There seems to be lots of parking here so that should be an issue.  It's also just off the highway so it should be easy to get to. - Booths: One thing to keep in mind when seated at the booths is that there is no real backing of the seats so if you have someone moving around behind you (like the kid behind me who seemed to keep kicking the seat), you will feel it.  We almost switched to a table but they ended up leaving.
I see a few 5 and 4 stars for this place and I wonder if I ate at the same place. We went for lunch.. I will tell you I have had many Cuban sandwiches at many places from Different states and different Latin nationalities  and this was very strange because I was wondering if the cook or anyone else was really Cuban. The sandwich was small, the worst part was they give me deli meat for the pork really?? deli meat. I've never EVER received deli meat in my Cuban sandwiches always fresh pork. f you want to learn how to make a Cuban sandwich I would suggest you travel to Bergenline Ave in Union, New Jersey now there's a area of real Cubans that make a GREAT sandwich. My wife ordered a supposedly Homemade chicken soup with 1 that's right folks 1 little piece of chicken It reminded me of the Three Stooges when their customer ordered a chicken soup and they poured hot water through a chicken then served it. . My daughter who is 9 ordered chicken strips or pieces with tostones only 3 they were a little bigger than most places but 3 I ordered a side order also and the same 3. Why??? bistro, cuisine these restaurant owners put this title in there businesses name and ripoff the consumers with high prices and minuscule portions.  I never send my food back I've worked in a restaurant and I know what they do to people who send there food back!!!
Good drinks and food here. Love their mojo sauce and plantain chips starter. The pork and half chicken dishes were really good! Nice place to meet friends and enjoy each other's company.
Orlando isn't quite Miami but I was determined to get some Cuban food while in Florida. I had my doubts about Padrino's but the food proved me wrong. If there's meat wrapped in pastry on a menu I'll order it. Here, it was the empanadas. Usually I find empanadas kind of dry. These were full of ground beef, juicy, slightly spicy and full of flavor. I loved the fruit based salsa they came with too. I could have just eaten a plate full of these. I ordered the skirt steak with black beans. Skirt steak can either be super tough or annoying fatty. This was perfect. Cooked medium rare, super flavorful and topped with some kind of herb butter. Yum! The black beans were also really good too. I wish I would have ordered some empanadas to go. These would have made the perfect post-drinking meal. Speaking of drinking, the mojitos here were just ok. Too sweet, not enough rum. Everything else though was great. I wish I could find a place like this in my town.
Searched Yelp! for a good Cuban restaurant while in the Orlando area and Padrino's Cuban Bistro seemed a good bet based on previous reviews.  Once again, Yelp! Didn't let us down.  Excellent food selections and great mojitos we're enjoyed, making for a memorable Father's Day dinner.  If you're looking for a great Cuban restaurant in greater Orlando, turn to Padrino's.
Whenever we are in Orlando there is always one stop we make without fail. Padrinos of course. You start off with complimentary plantain chips that are o so delicious. The appetizer was their empanadas that were ridiculously delicious, tender, juicy and just enough spice. Then came the meal. I don't really like pork nor do I really eat it...for Easter just give me lasagna. However, I do make exceptions...and that is at Padrinos. Their Lechon Asado is fantastic, juicy and mouthwatering and if you are a newbie at Cuban food...I highly recommend this dish. Their entire menu is fab and you will not be disappointed.
We ate here yesterday. The food was awesome and the staff were great. It was a Sunday night and the restaurant was slow, but there was still a good energy.
I've had two separate experiences here. One of which was good and the other bad. The grilled chicken and fried plantain chips are great but never order a Cuban sandwich. I found the Cuban sandwich to be the worst I've ever had.
I love padrinos, I am half Cuban so I should know something about Cuban food, I work in a near hotel and I send all guest over to padrinos, they always come back and thank me!!! They're happy hour, it's great! And the prices are very good!
Wow, this was really good.  They start you off with a big basket of plantain chips.  So big it really makes it so you don't really need an appetizer.  The garlic dipping sauce that comes with them is great.  Just the right sour salty starchiness.  Mojitos were supper yummy as well, some of the best I've had.   For dinner we went with the Lechon Asado and Churrasco Skirt Steak.  the lechon was some of the best I've had, better than most place in the tampa area that is for sure.  I think what really made it is they just barely caramelized the onions that come with it and that combo really hit the right spot.  The skirt steak was amazing.  The outside had a great crust and the inside was a perfect rare.  Cooking skirt steak like that is a real art and who ever they have doing in the back should get a raise.  The chimimichuri was also one of the best ever.  So the meats were great.  My yucca was fine, better than average.   So why not 5 stars?  Inside is a complete mad house.  So a hit on ambiance because it did distract from the experience.  So really consider this 4 1/2 stars.  So loud inside you can't really talk to anyone at your table.  I get the big "family" and "loud" thing but the night we went it was packed with tons of kids running around screaming.  So maybe best to go later.  There was a guy playing guitar as well, which actually was very good.  It helped drown out some of the other noise. But for sure, if you are at this end of Orlando you go to go and try this place.  And the price was so reasonable!  Even with drinks.  We spent more the next day at a resort place for lunch that was far inferior to the wonderful dinner we had at Padrino's.
Oh man this place is good! First they start your off with some plantain chips and garlic dip. I love garlic and these plantain chips seem fresh cause it's nice like all chip-like fried, it's kind crisp and soft at the same time. Great way to start. I can't tell if the music goes on every night, but the guy singing had tons of people in the restaurant singing, so much they got some karaoke in as well. In a language I do not understand, but it felt like I was in Cuba it was so lively. Not that I've ever been. But if I had, this is what I'd expect. The portions are huge. I had the Lechon Asado, slow roasted pork that was so flavorful, a must try. On the side is bean rice, I think that could of used a bit more flavor. Also some yuca that was made in a way I cant' even describe. It looks like bananas without the peel, cooked so that inside is a bit harder than the outside. It was truly something interesting to eat. The grilled tilapia and the Mayi's Mahi Mahi were also very good, though I think I like the tilapia more just cause I like the softer fish. But the mango chutney on the Mahi Mahi is nice. Those came with yellow rice which was flavorful on it's own. I liked this rice the most. The Vaca frita, flank steak was also another good one but it came with white rice. Once you pour the beans on top though you get some good combination. If i had to rate the meals in order of preference, I'd go with 1. Lechon Asado - cause it's good value and super tasty 2. Grilled Tilapia - love the oily fish and yellow rice 3. Vaca Frita - cause the taste of the steak is super juicy 4. The Mayi's Mahi Mahi - cause I'm not as big a fan of hard fish but the yellow rice +veggies make up for it And of course to have my meal with a mojito, what a treat. I don't know what food in Cuba is like, but if it's anything like this food well then I better go soon. It was large portions, lively place and friendly as your neighbour.
Visiting Orlando and found this place on Yelp.  What a find!! Great food and great service.  Best Mojitos and flan ever.  We will be back!
7/17/2013 Great happy hour 2 for 1 drinks.  Mojitos for everyone!  Appetizers for $4 - Picadillo Empanadas & Croquetas.  Entrees - Lechon Asado, Padrino's Palomilla, Rosa's Chicken Steak & Seafood Paella.  All great with outstanding Lechon Asado.  Prices were very affordable.  Service was also good.   Wish we had this in San Francisco.
Great food and service.  Wasn't expecting much when rolled into the strip mall, but was warmly greeted by the front, and that hospitality carried to the table.  The only odd thing was "happy hour" involved getting two drinks for the price of one, not drinks half off, so that was a surprise (more pleasant after having consumed them...)  Wish we lived closer so we could go back--don't let appearances deceive you!  Give it a try!
The service was quick, the food very tasty. Itnis hard to get a dlank steak medium rare. They do here!  The whole meal, including dessert was most yummy. Great eats.
The mojitos here are THE best. I wasn't much of a mojito type person before coming to Padrino's and now I'm on a mission to find the best mojito's around. The atmosphere here is great and on Fridays they have live music. I had the Coconut shrimp as a starter and Padrino's Palomilla dish for dinner and the flavor was great! The meat was a little dry but it wasn't too bad. When I'm back in Orlando I'll be sure to hit this place up again!
We arrived here today, super excited for some Cuban food. We had a party of six, the restaurant was EMPTY and they told us there would be a 10 minute wait. Ok, we will go hang out at the bar. So sorry, no bartender. We went next door to Ale House, and got seated right away, no fuss no muss.
This place was just what the doctor ordered! After doing the tourist theme park thing this restaurant lets you get some class and taste back into dining!  The decor is very inviting and well done. The wait staff are very friendly and accommodating (even to tired kids). Our waitress was so nice and explained some menu items and recommended the Picadillo empanadas appetizer (they were amazing by the way!).       I had the Caribbean Ribs with guava sauce and my wife had the Paella.  Both dishes were VERY good! The servings were very generous  which worked against us because I know the flan desert would of been awesome!! Oh well! Guess we will have to go back!! Looking forward to it!  Make sure you dine there, they won't disappoint.
Food is wonder-full service is lacking, they do not pick up plates from your table, do not check on you regularly either, you see them cleaning tables and chatting, its something out of a movie, of the three times I was there, I got good service once...good luck
One of the best spanish restaurants I have ever been to.  Love there Palomilla Steak meal. And every time I go, I cannot leave without having their Flan....soo yummy!
An authentic and simply delicious Cuban meal cooked to perfection and portioned generously! I had the Ropa Vieja and my friend had the churrasco steak. Both were delicious! As in any Spanish place, chips and dip served first, these were plantain chips and an onion dip that served their purpose well! Overall great experience. Definitely a place to return again and again!
Great food, service and music. Definitely a must go! The plantain chips as a starter is so original, not the usual bread sticks served in cuban places, loved it. Ordered the grilled chicken filet and it was excellent. Got it with the boiled yucca, which had a tasty garlic sauce! Will definitely go back soon!
Yummy, yummy food! Just give it a try - you'll be hooked. Loved the plantain chips and garlic dip to start (complementary). Cuban sandwich was HUGE - couldn't finish the whole thing. My wife's portion was also very generous. Prices were definitely reasonable. I'll go back when I'm in the area again.
Location aside, this is a 5 star restaurant.  (it's in a strip mall.) After 4 days in Orlando, I had yet to eat a decent meal.  the shops at Disney were awful, the food at my hotel was even worse, so I turned to my fellow yelpers for help! Thank you, yelp, for helping me find a really delicious Cuban meal while in Orlando. My boyfriend and I got a cuban chicken and chiaroscuro steak respectively and were both very pleased with our dishes.  The Tres Leche was mediocre, but our meals were flavorful, filling, reasonably priced, and overall, the best that we had while in Orlando.
First time here. The meal was fantastic. We had 6 adults and 5 children and they took care of us well. The food is delicious and very reasonable (I think it is too cheap for the quality, service and location). All the staff are very nice and they are good at what they do. I had the lamb and I highly recommend it. There was not a thing that we ordered that was not good. The Mojitos are very good as well. We will definitely be back and it is worth the drive from the Disney area.
One of the goals during my recent trip to Disney was to head off site and find a great Cuban sandwich and Padrino's delivered on that and more. It was so good we made a special side trip on our way to the airport at the end of our trip to get some more! When you sit down to eat they give you ultra crispy plantain chips and an amazing garlic sauce to dip them in and we quickly devoured them while waiting for our food. Of course we ordered a Cuban sandwich and we also got the Churrasco skirt steak and both came with sweet plantains. The Cuban was perfectly cooked and was superbly salty and rich. Unlike a lot of the Cubans we see up north, this had real pork loin strongly marinated with garlic and the ham and Swiss cheese worked well with it but left it the star of the show. The bread was nicely compressed and very crunchy and the only possible negative was that it could have used a touch more mustard and pickles to cut through the richness. The Churrasco skirt steak was cooked perfectly to rare as requested as was very tender and flavorful. The accompanying sauce was a little less herbaceous than I was hoping for but was still plenty good. The black beans were packed with seasoning and might have been the best I've had. As a topper, the sweet plantains were perfectly cooked leaving them without the characteristic mushy and greasy taste that is usually found. Darkly sweet with just enough starchy chewiness to keep them intact. Awesome. Padrino's was voted multiple times to be the best Cuban in Orlando and I can 100% attest that it is worth that moniker. Highly recommended!
Great food. Romantic ambience. We went on a Friday so there was live Cuban music playing. Must go if you are in Orlando!
If you are looking for a modern ambiance with authentic Cuban cuisine, this is a great choice. You are first served some amazing plantain chips with fresh garlic. I could have just eaten those all day! I went there for lunch so I had the lechon sandwich. The pork was to die for! Next time I hope to try them for dinner. I hear they have an amazing pig roast as well!
Good Cuban food and not too busy. I've never had to wait for a table. I recommend the Ropa Vieja.
I was very disappointed with this so called Cuban bistro. Everything just lacked flavor. The ropa vieja tasted like it was made with ketchup and just bland. The palomilla steak was dry tasteless as well.  If you are into good food please avoid this place. Still in search of a good Cuban food in Orlando. All the stars must have been posted by non Cuban customers.
I'm giving it a FIVE is because of the tremendous service of our group of over 30 people!  The food was outstanding.  I had the skirt steak and my friend had the pork (I snatched a bit off her plate.).  Ono...broke the mouth!  When we got our plates, they were served HOT and juicy, cooked just right...all at the same time.  No small feat with that may plates to serve. Overall solid good eats with a friendly team.  The FLAN was maybe the BEST I've ever had.  Unfortunately the tres-leche, key lime pie, and bread pudding were below average. I'd go here again...
After Ceviche House couldn't get their ish together we wound up here for dinner. I was blown out of my seat, but it wasn't bad either.I don't really understand the whole theme inside, I thought it would look a little fancier?   Starting off with the plantain chips was a nice touch. My skirt steak was super fatty, like it hadn't been trimmed at all so I found it tasty but unpleasant to eat. However my mother's dish, the skirt steak salad, had the steak cook and trimmed to perfection. The service was good. I just wished the food would have wowed me.
I've never been disappointed at Padrino's! From the plantain chips to the churrasco skirt steak, I'm always in love with the food!  Service is stellar and friendly! And the drinks...yum. Great happy hour special 3-7 M-F with 2-4-1 mojitos, sangria, and house wine & beer! For food, I recommend the quesadillas. You MUST try the churrasco steak!!! (If you don't eat beef, get Rosa's chicken steak! So good!) And you have to get the mojitos! Delish!!!!
The thought of this place makes me hungry and sad that I don't live in Orlando.  Legit was here 3 times in 2 days.  They start you off with plantain chips and dip.  Although addicting, don't get too carried away because the best part has yet to come.  The Churrasco Skirt Steak is to die for - perfectly marinated and not dry - also comes with maduros and rice and beans.  It will keep you full for the rest of the night.  Also tried the Paella.  Good?  Yes.  But not enough for me to stray from the Churrasco again.  Don't forget to also try their sangria - dangerously fruity.  Just amazing.
I would dare to say that Padrino's is the best Cuban restaurant in Orlando with the food that my partner and I enjoyed on this one late afternoon. The decor is classy, dark browns, paintings of various scenes from Cuba, a set area for Cuban musicians and performers, and a bar. Beginning our meal we are given a plate of fried banana slivers with garlic and oil. The dish is beautifully presented, like delicate, edible fingers outstretching from the basket. Similarly, our first order of empanadas come beautifully arranged with a unique, sweet, quava based salsa in the middle of the plate. The ground beef filled appetizers tasted as great as they looked :D For our main entrees, my partner orders the lush ropa vieja, made with shredded flank steak slow cooked with green peppers and onions in a tomato sauce and served with white rice, black beans, and sweet plantains. She loved it. My order of lechon asado, slow roasted moist and tender pork, marinated with citrus mojo and topped with sautéed onions, was a bit dry for my likings on this occasion. On a return trip I tried the vaca frita, marinated shredded flank steak grilled to a crisp and topped with sauteed onions, and was much more delighted with the taste. Overall the experience was enjoyable and memorable for the great tastes and presentation as well as overall good service. I would definitely come back again.
I came to Kissimmee for Halloween to shoot zombies (seriously, but paintball), and sure, it's not Miami, but there was still bound to be decent Cuban food further up the state of Florida, and based on what other Yelpers were saying, Padrino's looked to be the winner. Located in a spacious Sim City-like commercial zone Town Center shopping plaza of the types that are popping up all across the country, the good news is that it was as clean and sophisticated-looking as they are supposed to.  Going into Padrino's, the establishment is leaning towards fancier than casual, but not so much that the t-shirt and jeans types that myself and my company were felt out of place. But most importantly, the food - I love Cuban sandwiches, and I'm no connoisseur by any stretch of imagination, but I know what I like, and Padrino's had an excellent Cubano.  My mouth's watering just thinking about it now.  One thing worth mentioning is Padrino's excellent pride in food presentation - even my simple Cuban was presented in a meticulously fancy fashion, and one of my friends' flank steak was creatively wrapped around her rice and beans, like this volcano of awesome Cuban food. And their Cuban Gatorades (mojitos) were excellent.  Nice and refreshing, and heavy on the rum. They also had some live music, if it's worth mentioning. Good location.  Great food.  Good booze.  Nice decor.  No complaints.  Would come back in a heartbeat during a Disney trip, or baseball spring training.
My boyfriend brought me here for dinner after he had tried it previously and said that it was some very good food. I have to agree with him and say that the food was excellent. I would consider this a nicer cuban restaurant and not like La Carreta in Miami. The price was about $13 and up for an entree with big portions!! They give you fried plantain chips to start, most of the cuban restaurants that I have been to gives you bread, so this was a nice change. I didn't want to order the usual ropa vieja or picadillo since I can get it somewhere else for cheaper and I wanted to try their specialties. I ordered the ribs with the guava glaze while my boyfriend order the Chilindron de carnero (lamb). Both of the dishes were excellent and we even had left over to take home. I was too full that I decided to skip on the dessert. Will recommend this place if you wanted to try some other specialties besides the typical picadillo or ropa vieja
I finally found it, a great place for dinner in Orlando! So far, this trip had been a bust for food, but Padrino's is definitely worth a return visit. A co-worker and I ventured out from the convention fare to find something somewhat local.I say "somewhat" because there is more than one Padrino location. We were both pleasantly surprised with the diversity of the customers and the local flavor of the food. We started with an order of Fiesta Tostones in addition to the "chips" everyone received. Both the chips, salsa and Tostones were wonderful. The Fiestas Tostones are described as follows: A layer of thick hand pressed green plantains, topped with creole grilled chicken or chorizo sausage, cheese and our fresh cilantro tomato salsa. We chose the chorizo sausage to add a little kick. The cheese and chorizo on top of the green plantains was the perfect combination! I ordered the Lechon Asado while my co-worker had the Ropa Vieja, both were excellent! I finished off the evening with an order of Pudin de Pan: Bread pudding with coconut and raisins served with rum dulce de leche. OMG it was out of this world. If you're looking for great Cuban food I highly recommend Padrino's.
First, I promised my mother that I would Yelp, on her behalf, about how awesome the music was at this restaurant. A man playing the guitar and singing old Spanish ballads took her back in time! It brought back so many memories for her and she had a total blast! Alright, now with that outta of the way: I picked Padrino's for my birthday celebration and was really blown away by the great service and general atmosphere. I had a craving for some Cuban food and specifically their Cuban sandwiches. It was PERFECT! I ordered the "Cubano" with a side of plantains "maduros" (which are soft and sweet). My boyfriend ordered the Caribbean ribs and loved the guava sauce that came with it. Everyone at our table pretty much loved their dishes and cleaned their plates. We all ordered different desserts - I had the flan and thought it was absolutely delicious! Of course the staff treated me to a typical birthday song complete with the guiro as backup! I loved this place and the service was great - a bit of a drive for me from East Orlando but I'll definitely come back again!
Ass-kicking Cuban fare and warm friendly service!! Recently, while on a weeklong Disney family vacation (we were staying on the WDW property), 2x in the week, we escaped to Padrino's for some proper home food (maduros, ropas viejas, chuletas & proper mojitos! man ... all the good things in life!)   The service were great and engaging and they were happily surprised to see us there the second time. When someone on an nearby table had a birthday dinner, the entire staff came out armed with Afro-cuban musical instruments and jammed out  (in clave) while singing to the celebrant! When I'm in Orlando next, I'll definitely be back! 5 Stars son!
I chose Padrino's today for lunch based on its being hot on Yelp.  I make it out to the Hunter's Creek area about every ... twelfth of never.  I found the place, and dog-gone if it wasn't right next to Mikado Sushi, which is one of my best Yelp friend's favorite sushi places!  Decisions!   Focus, Tom, Focus; you drove out here for Cuban, so Cuban it shall be.  Another of my best Yelp friends described Padrino's as maybe the best Cuban in Orlando. I walked in and was greeted warmly - Hola!  I said "hola" back and then said "uno," then I said "si" when asked if a booth was okay.  Yo estudie por tres anos de Espanol en la escuela superior (I took three years of Spanish in high school).  Too darned "mal" that I remember so poquito. Beginning with a white bean soup, I was given a large portion of fried plantano chips -- very nice.  I chose a lunch portion of Churrasco Skirt Steak, a house specialty, accompanied with plantanos and black bean soup and rice.   The place was beautiful, the service very friendly and the food was excellent.  Muy bueno!   Next trip to the outlands of Hunter's Creek, it'll be Mikado.
This place is delicious and we frequent quite often.  I never really had much cuban food being from Ohio but my wife got me to go (they have a location in south Florida also).   You feel very welcome when you come to this restaurant, like a family atmosphere  Everything I have had here is excellent.  Whether we just order a cuban sandwich or the entrees.  They also bring fried plantains when you order and have a very nice, relaxing bar.You can not go wrong with this place.
Anytime I get a chance to compare Cuban to my long-time favorite - Versailles on Venice Ave. in Palms (so handily close to the 405 - don't jet thru, stop! that is, if you can resist the urge to make Tito's Tacos your stop) I get excited. High Yelps for this comfortably suburban cucina cubana and a might-as-well-use-it rentacar lured me.  My first time to a Cuban place, it has to be Lechon asado with citrus mojo and garlic.  And Moros.  And Sweet Plantains.  At Padrino's the standard sides for the Lechon are Moros and Yucca.  So I ordered way too much food and got a side of plantains.  I didn't know they would bring out complimentary fried plantain strips with a fresh chopped garlic/citrus salsa for dipping antes...  Big trouble, food coma approaching... The fried plantain strips are a great way to get in the mood, addictive.  I was eating solo - gulp there goes all the garlic salsa... was that me that burped?     The Lechon is cooked well and really porky.  Every kitchen has its own take on the dosing of citrus and garlic... my personal favorite is a bright citrus note with a strong kiss of garlic.  After all, you have the Moros to balance it out!  Padrino's version is polite and deferential to more delicate palates.  I think that's probably a good sales move, but shoots a hole the old five-star here. The Moros were perfect.  The fried plantains, a dessert in side form, were heavenly.  Even the yucca, not a big favorite, was really tasty.   Friendly and efficient staff. A quiet comfortable room to get your bloat on.  Next time you go to Disney World (or just an Orlando conference) check out Padrinos.  Sure beats the big-brand row restaurants.
I'm not Cuban...but I have to say that Padrino's makes me want to be Cuban.  This is by far the best Cuban food I have had,  We came here twice, once for dinner, and once for the Cuban Pig Roast.   All I can say is wow, everything is seasoned and cooked to perfection.  My favorite item from the dinner menu is the Churrasco Skirt Steak.  The staff is extremely friendly and were very helpful in making my choices.  They also have live music on Saturday nights.
I really want to give this place 5 stars, it's just that I've only had lunch there once and I'm planning on going back soon. I had the cuban sandwich and plantains which was delicious. The other thing I really loved about the place was the decor. I loved the paintings. I'll definately be going back for more.
Was in town at the JW Marriott for a convention and a coworker suggested stopping here for dinner prior to visiting the House of Beer a few doors down.  Lately Latin American food has been on the top of my favorites list so I had no qualms stopping here. Right off the bat I will say do not go here if you are looking for a quiet evening as three birthday parties later I think I permanently lost some hearing due to their obnoxiously over the top celebrations.  It seemed at times that more staffers were beating on annoying drums than preparing and delivering food, completely baffling a coworker from London with this silly American tradition. That aside the food and remainder of service was quite good, I ended up struggling on entree selection after fighting to find something with a little bit of everything I wanted to try.  Settled on the Lechon Asado which tasted quite close to a traditional southern pulled-pork without any BBQ sauce; it was moist and excellent.  The Yucca was creamy and better than traditional potato but IMO was overloaded with the garlic.  I regretted not getting some sweet plantains though as everyone in our party was raving about them.   The Padrino Mojito was pretty good but did not taste much different from the regular (and cheaper) mojito.
We were in Orlando for the weekend and wanted to some Cuban food.  Decided to check this place out and boy were we glad we did!! We got there and it was packed! We were lucky to have gotten seated right away.  They had live music playing and the staff was so nice and helpful! I ordered the Lechon Asado- Slow roasted moist and tender pork, marinated with citrus mojo and topped with sautéed onions. Served with arroz moro and yucca. The best I have ever had!! It was so delicious!! =0D   My husband ordered Churrasco Skirt Steak- Churrasco cut marinated with our homemade chimichurri sauce topped with a fresh cilantro tomato salsa. Served with white rice, black beans, and sweet plantains. His was just as good if not better! Before our entrees, our server gave us some fried plantains with a garlic sauce.   Overall everything was A+++  we had a great experience and would come back again the next time we are in Orlando!
We were really excited to eat at Padrinos based on the other Yelpers but guys....we were disappointed. And I'm Cuban! A nice treat to begin the meal....mariquitas with a garlic sauce that supposedly is mojito.  The mojito was more oil based rather than acidic lime juice  The croquetas de jamon were good but the tostones were average. The sangria was average....a little sweet for my taste since it was made with Materva. Three of us ordered the bistec empanizado. We were salivating when the plates came by the saliva quickly stopped after I cut into the steak. The food came out to the table cool and the breading on the steak was stuck to the steak rather than the usual pocket of air. The breading was dry and with the smallish lime slices provided, we couldn't moisten the breading.   My mother had the vaca frita and she said it was good. Would I go back?  No. I would need some serious convincing to return. Sorry Yelpers....but I had a bad experience.
I went here with a group of over 20.  Overall everyone was very pleased.  The good: - Extensive menu, tons of variety, 90% cuban, 10% other items on the menu. - Very resonable prices - Very nice, relaxed atmosphere. - No 18% gratuity tacked on which is almost standard now with groups. - All checks were done seperately, without asking. The so-so: - The service was so-so.  I get it was a big group, but for a table of 20, you get the wait staff hopping.. I would repeat if in the area.
We came here based on other Yelp reviews while visiting Orlando. The restaurant was located in a nice and new shopping center away from the touristy part of town. The food was great! We had the marinated minute steak and the seafood paella. It was more than enough food for two. The fried plantains were the best I've had. They served complementary plantain chips with this addicting garlic sauce. Service was great. Our waitress was friendly and very helpful. We couldn't ask for anything better. Everyone was very friendly. The owner came to a few tables to show pictures of the restaurant's history. She seemed very excited to share with us until when she found out that we weren't from around Orlando. I think she was disappointed that we won't be frequent customers. Minus half star for that encounter. It left a funny feeling leaving the restaurant.
I'm a big fan of Cuban food to begin with, so this review starts off with a bias.  I was visiting one of my best friends from out of town and she was pretty excited to take me to Padrino's.  So, when I announced that I was in the mood for Cuban food last Saturday, she was all too happy to oblige and take me there. Oh. Mah. Gahd. I ordered my old standby favorite Cuban dish, the vaca frita.  If I sit still long enough and concentrate, I can still taste it.  Even the black beans and rice--which I normally dismiss as an afterthought--was delicious!  And the plantain strips with garlic sauce that they bring you first??? Took everything I had not to polish them off myself while my friend ate her soup. But it's not just the food that made this a great experience; our waitress was friendly and prompt.  The restaurant itself is new and clean--and one can only hope that it will always stay this way--and there was live music that made me want to get up and dance if I wasn't so full of food.  We also witnessed a little birthday celebration for which the waitstaff brings out instruments as they sing.  Excellent experience!
So I'm in Florida, and of course I need to try Cuban food! So let's find out what Yelp says...it said go to Padrino's...here's what I thought....AWESOME.  10 points to Yelp! My friend and I split a Cubano and a Lechon, just so we could get a good spread.  I really liked both, but I think the Lechon won.  Our server recommended adding cheese to the Lechon, and I think that's what did it, so if you get that sandwich, add cheese! The pork is so tender and so flavorful, that mixed with the grilled onions...obvious winner.  This is also the first time I've had a good Cubano, the ones I've had in the past have been so overly crunch, that it was inedible, Padrino's did it right.   Sides-wise, go with the sweet plantains, they were super soft and tasty, whereas the verde plantains were dry and beyond crunchy.
Very good. Reasonably priced. Friendly staff. Plantain chips as the free bread, which was fun. We had a plantain/chorizo appetizer, caribean ribs, and the paella. All of them were very good and reasonably priced. For two drinks, an app, two entrees, and 1 desert it was about $55. It is also near a pretty busy and trendy looking mojito bar, so you could probably make a night of it (although we called it a night afterwards)
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet, considering how much I adore it. First of all, let me explain that I am Cuban, originally from South Florida, and I am damn picky about my cocina Cubana. I make my own and I do a good job (if I do say so myself), so I'm looking for people who can do it better than me. That said, Padrino's is the best Cuban food I've had (outside of Miami) since I left South Florida in 2005. The decor is very classy, as Ricky L. described, but the prices are reasonable. On weekend nights (could be every night but I don't know), Cuban musicians come in and play. My advice is to ask for a table in the back area by the bar. You can still hear the music AND your significant other/whomever. When you first get there, along with your drink of choice a large basket of plantain strips with garlic sauce is placed on your table. These are no ordinary plantain chips: the plantain has been cut length-wise, fried to a crisp, and lightly salted. They are delicious! I usually order a small sopa de pollo (chicken soup), which is quite good. There have been times when I've had it here and it's been a little off, but lately it's been great. I also get the bistec palomilla, which if you're not familiar with Cuban food, is a thin steak (flank steak?) marinated in mojo and served with marinated sauteed onions on top (and rice, black beans, etc). A server there recommended I get it cooked medium well rather than the usual well-done, and it was a significant difference. This is the only steak I'll eat done to that degree. I also get tostones (fried, flattened plantains) rather than maduros (sweet plantains), because I just love them. My boyfriend always gets the carne asada, which is always beautifully presented and delicious. One visit to Padrino's and he was hooked on it. The bar drinks are excellent. Rob usually gets the pina colada (offered here in flavors like strawberry and mango), and they are delicious! Service is pretty good most of the time, although there have been times that I've had issues. Never enough to keep me away from the delicious food, though!
This place is fantastic. From the wait staff's friendliness and willingness to explain things (this was my first time trying Cuban food) to the drinks to the entrees. Definitely give it a try.
We are a big fan of this place! Just last week we've been there 3 times. We love everything about Padrino's: the food, the atmosphere, the owners are super nice and the service. I had my birthday there in March and they have the best mariquitas!!! You should try their sangria. We love their Palomilla steak or their palomilla steak sandwiches...
YUM-O!!! We ordered the Churrasco Skirt Steak & Vaca Frita. Two best dishes ever!! Flavorful, melts in your mouth meat! Tried Yuka for the first time too. I really liked it but my husband thought it was more on the "veggie side" to be a substitute for a potato (not starchy enough). The restaurant itself was extremely clean. The service was excellent!!! I'd give this place 10 stars if I could!!!
Based on Yelp reviews, we visited this stip-center restaurant for dinner over Labor Day weekend. We ordered an authentic dish common to Cuban restaurants, the Garden Chicken Paella. While waiting most of 20 minutes for our one dinner entree to be brought, we were given a nice basket of fried plantain strips, which were tasty enough by themselves. Some kind of dipping sauce accompanied the strips, which we learned later was supposed to be fresh garlic in salad oil. We tried it and found it oily and rather tasteless, so we just enjoyed the plantains alone without the dip. When our entree arrived, we were pleased with the portion size and the amount of chicken in the dish. That did not make up for the total lack of any flavoring in the dish, which was not only devoid of the broccoli mentioned in the menu description, but also lacked any hint of saffron, spice or olive oil common in paella recipes. In short, for $14 we got a bowl of yellow rice with white chicken meat, some peas, and nothing else. Only a few fried plantain pieces added any flavor at all to the entree. With a disappointing first visit, we don't expect to return for another try. If a featured, ethnic dish like paella is served flavorless, what should encourage us to venture further into the menu?
Couldnt' make it to Miami from our vacation stay in Orlando so I was determined to find some Puerto Rican or Cuban food and this was good.  Great service, food and if you have a birithday you get to celebrate it Cuban style.  Highlights were the Mojitos (Cuban and Pineapple) and all the dishes were very good.   If on vacation like us, the shopping center has most amenities you need with Target close by as well.
Before heading to the airport on Sunday around 1pm, 6 of us girls decided we wanted some more Cuban food before we left Orlando. Quickly pulling out our handy dandy phones, we searched for good Cuban food + clean facilities on yelp. What do you know, consensus agreed - up pops Padrino's. I must admit, I wasn't as hungry when we first arrived but after sampling some of my friend's dishes. My mouth began to salivate and I was craving more Padillo empanada + their guava chutney! I loved how the sweetness of the guava chutney balanced out the saltiness & spice of the beef. Not to mention, the crust was so warm and soft.  In addition, the ropas viejas was plentiful and banging! :) As for the service, I was going to bring down a star because all of our dishes took too long to come out and the waiter kept forgetting refills + my friend's tea, twice. Then there's the additional factor that he  took 10 minutes (yes, I timed it) to inform me the reason of the delay was that they were chopping up more guava chutney. If I had known sooner that they were out and it would take that long to make chutney, I would have canceled my order instead of having my friends wait for me to eat my food. None the less, Padrinos did redeem themselves when the manager or owner stopped by to help out the waiter and informed him to comp all of our beverages. Good save :)
Excellent.  I've only had Cuban three times (Miami, and Key West).  This was as good as any of them.  Authentic food, great atmosphere and awesome service.   On to the food.....   After reading other yelp reviews my wife had the ribs with plantains and yellow rice/beans.  I had the flank steak, same sides.  Both were excellent, yellow rice was sooooo good we took a side home for the next day.   Desert:   We ordered the Flaun, and the key lime pie.  Both very good.   Overall great place, we will definitely be back.   P.S.  A place has to blow my mind to get 5 stars.  That's why the 4.
This was a really great restaurant. The restaurant is SUPER clean, and the staff are extremely friendly.  The ambience is nice, and with the live music it gives you a nice latin feel. My wife and I went here on a date night during our vacation and were very impressed with the food.  The fried plantain chip starters are very "more-ish", it's hard to stop eating them.  I had the pork entree (can't remember the name) and my wife had the lamb shanks.  The pork was very good, well cookied and came with a nice side of rice and yucca, but the lamb shanks were EXCEPTIONAL - if you like lamb, you'll love these. For dessert we shared a flan, and it was also very good. If you're in the area, make the trip here, it's worth it.
Found this on Yelp. Great choice. Group had chicken, ribs, pork, shrimp.... All good. Felt like it a home place to eat. Would eat here every week. Wonderful menu.
While vacationing in nearby Kissimee and looking for some good, non tourist trap food, I stumbled across a number of good reviews on Yelp for Padrino's. I had to see what all these glowing reviews were about. Right on the money! Padrino's was a terrific dining experience. From the attentive service to the wonderful flavors of the food, I couldn't ask for more from this place. The location is in a strip mall style area, with ample parking and many other eateries and businesses. All very clean and attractive. The four of us started with the Boneless Buffalo Cuban Wings. The quality of the meat was excellent and the sauce was a rich Cuban inspired BBQ, also the wings were plated on a pile of perfectly caramelized onions. We also tried the Black Bean Soup and the Caldo Gallego, both of which were savory and full of flavor. The Black Bean was the more authentic of the two, rich with spices, while the Caldo was smoky and delicious. Entrees included Ropa Vieja (shredded flank steak), Churrasco Skirt Steak, Chilindron De Carnero (lamb shanks), and Seafood Paella. No one in our party was unsatisfied and the portions were large enough that we had some to take home. I could go on and on about the individual dishes, but the stories would all end the same, they were terrific. Excellent flavors, all rich and well seasoned, excellent quality meats and seafood. Some are more authentic, as noted on the menu, and others are Cuban inspired, but all were tasty. We were eating early, around 6PM so the restaurant was mostly unoccupied when we started, but service was excellent, even when the crowd began to come in towards the end of our meal. The servers were well educated and very friendly, offering information or suggestions readily. In fact we finished out meal with a dessert of Flan, which our waitress gushed about being "The Best Ever", reminding her of her grandmothers. We were hooked by her pitch and decided to go for it. Just as described, it was velvety smooth and perfectly sweet without being overbearing. There was some debate however over the caramelized crust on the bottom. Half our party liked it and the other not so much. Our waitress explained that she normally takes this part off before serving, but left it on because she enjoys it so much. I suppose you could ask to have it removed, but at the same rate, you could just not eat it, I don't think they would be offended. We had the house Mojito with our meal, which was also suggested, and it too was near perfect. Well prepared and not skimpy on the liquor. All in all, a great experience, and well worth the drive from our resort, even with the $2.75 worth of tolls we had to pay to get there! Highly recommend it for anyone living or vacationing in the area.
Plantain chips served as an appetizer were very good.  Service was good.  Food was o.k.  Nothing great, nothing awful.  Michael had the paella.  It was seasoned rice with some shrimp on top and some shellfish arranged.  It was not the slow cooked infusion of flavors you would expect. I had glazed ribs. They were somewhat stale tasting from obviously pre-cooking prior to glazing.  Overall average rating.
Enjoyed a lovely dinner al fresco. Friendly service, good food. My biggest problem was deciding what to have. The best dish we ordered was the Lechon Asado, the pork was succulent and flavorful. The side of yucca with garlic sauce was also surprisingly delicious. I had the vaca frita which had good flavor, but was a bit tough. So overall good, but minus one star for the chewy beef.
This place is pretty good, and probably the best Cuban food i've had in orlando. Been here twice with some friends and enjoyed the food and drinks both times. The Complementary home-made Plantain chips are great! It has a nice  sort of upscale feel, but at the same time very subtle/understated, so you don't feel like you should be wearing a suit. Service very nice and friendly.  Highly recommended.
No need to trek down to Miami's Little Havana for some authentic Cuban food anymore, This quaint restaurant located in Hunter's Creek is delicious! The mariquitas ( fried plantain chips) are fresh and seasoned with garlic ( yum!) and their Arroz con pollo ( chicken with yellow rice) is gigantic! I haven't tried much of anything else because I can't get myself to part from my typical order but, all in all good Cuban fare smack dab in the middle of Suburbia.
I loved this place. The food was delicious. I tried the Caldo Gallego which is a delicious and hardy whitre bean soup with collard greens and smoked ham. And the Mufungo which was so so good. Can't wait to come back here.
What?!  Authentic Cuban food at Village Park?   Ordered the Coconut Shrimp, Lecon Asado and Churrasco Skirt Steak. Lechon Asada - slow roasted moist and tender pork, marinated with citrus mojo and topped with sauteed onions....I ordered this and can say that the taste was awesome...however, like some of the other reviewers, the pork was a tab bit drier than say...'moist'.  Also, the side dish of rice was super dry too! Churassco Skirt Steak - A skirt steak char-grilled with homemade chimichurri served with white rice, black beans and sweet plantains or yucca.  Beautifully displayed food and taste to accentuate the presentation.
Had a great time here!  Our server "Chrissy" was super friendly and efficient.  Had a pork dish with this great rice and beans and plantains.  Had the bread pudding dessert and also the empanadas appetizer.  There was an acoustic guitar player playing some great Latin music.  Prices were reasonable.  Would definitely come again!
Came here on a sunday night with family and friends. Solomon our waiter was so friendly and helpful. He let us know what certain things meant and what was good. Food comes out quick and everything is presented nicely. The food is so good! Prices were reasonable. it's a bit dark in there but was overall a good experience.
Padrino's has surprisingly good Cuban food, being quite possibly one of the better ones in Orlando. I find it surprising because it is not a hole-in-the-wall place, which is where I tend to find the better ethnic/cultural food in various cities in the US, including Orlando. The restaurant is very well-decorated and the ambiance (think casual dining) deserves extra points. The wait staff is just okay because despite their friendliness, they are a tad on the slow side and sometimes look a little confused or lost. But the food, oh the glorious food, is definitely the star of the show. They start you out with plantain chips that has on the side some sort of dip made of oil and garlic (and probably other stuff I'm just not aware of). When fresh, it's pretty darn delicious. The Churrasco Skirt Steak is so far my favorite. It's cooked to order and served with chimichurri sauce, Cuban white rice, black beans and sweet plantains. They also have salsa on the side for you. It's amazing. I wanted to take a whole side order of the rice home. I've also tried the Ropa Vieja and Lechon Asado. Both also tasty, but there is something extra special with their Churrasco Skirt Steak. If someone from out of town is interested in trying Cuban food while in Orlando, this is most likely where I'll end up taking them. (Unless they prefer a hole-in-the-wall.) It's a little unfortunate that it's far from where I currently live/work/play but when I do make the drive, it's always been worth it.
Vaca Frita! Vaca Frita! For some reason, most of our guests, during some point of their visit, crave cuban food. I always thell them, "I'm going to take you to a cuban place called Padrino's, BUT you are going to order the Vaca Frita plate. If you don't want that, then I'll take you somewhere else." We have tried some of the other plates and have been left unimpressed, such as the lechon. The lechon was actually tough and dried chunks of pork that did not taste like lechon. At least it was at the time that we tried it. I've never tried the lechon during their pig roast. For appetizers we have tried their sampler that includes picadillo empanadas, croquetas, and the chicken and chorizo fiesta tostones. They are all great to start your meal of. They also bring you fried plantains and a dipping sauce made of olive oil, garlic and lemon. The sauce is very heavy on the garlic and it needs more/some salt. Now, the star is the Vaca Frita which consists of marinated shredded flank steak that is grilled (it looks kind of pressed) and topped with sauteed onions. This comes with a side of white rice and black beans (moros) and sweet plantains. I always ask for mojo yuca on the side too. The meat is sooo soft, juicy and delicious. This is enough for TWO people! It is a lot of food. Maybe one day I'll try something else but this dish is a winner. Desserts are not my favorite here. I have tried the tres leches and found the cake to be a little on the dry side and it feels compensated by drowning the plate with the milks mixture which is not too great. The flan is a better choice. Overall, I only come here for the Vaca Frita.
The plantain chips are a great starter, but it's the meals that deserve the attention! I ordered the Lechon Asado and it was very good. The pork was cooked just right, the black beans and rice were very tasty, and the yucca was good. My wife got the palomilla steak sandwich and it was very tasty as well. Prices at lunch are very reasonable. I recommend eating here!
Five gold stars to our waitress, whose name I unfortunately don't remember. She was patient, explained the dishes, and offered thoughtful suggestions. My favorite thing? She let us know when dishes were big enough to split, so we didn't order too much! The appetizer platter was all fried...and yet, I'm okay with that, when it tastes this good. The plantain chips were gone in about 2 minutes, though I didn't care for the sauce that came with it. Our seafood paella was a tad salty, but still good, and the mahi mahi was, as our waitress said, beautifully seasoned. Go to Padrino's! Tons of parking, great service, HUGE portions.
Food here was delicious. I forgot the spanish names of the food we ordered but we had rice with chicken, shredded beef, and lamb leg. I loved both the shredded beef and the lamb leg, but the rice with chicken had a very weird taste, glad I didn't order it. The fried plantains served with garlic at the beginning as a free starter were excellent! The only thing I can complain about was the prices were a bit high and our waiter spoke very faintly, my mother couldn't hear anything he was saying. Overall I probably wouldn't go back unless I had to go somewhere fancy and I was in the mood for Cuban. Maybe I'll give them a try for lunch.
I have not had a bad meal yet. Great authentic Cuban food, friendly staff, and an AMAZING flan. In my opinion its the best Cuban food in Orlando. It's now a must do whenever I visit O-Town.   I can vouch for the following: Tapas: *Croquetas * Picadillo Empanadas * Coconut Shrimp Entrees: *Lechon Asado *Churrasco Skirt Steak *Seafood Paella Sandwiches: *Palomilla Steak Sandwich *Cubano *Lechon Sandwich Desserts: *Flan *Tres Leches
My family and I went to Padrino's 2 times while we were on vacation in Orlando and have to say that Padrino's was the BEST! We ate here 2 times... Michelle was our waitress and she literally treated us like family, she was AWESOME!!   She recommended the empanadas....it was Delicious!!!! The food was DELICIOUS!! The Mojitos were unbelievable (My hubby LOVED the 2 for 1) -  The Flan was to die for (We were in heaven)- The Pina Colada was OMG!!!! YUM!!! The food was better than my own CUBAN Mother's cooking (Don't tell her though) We recommend anyone going down to Florida to stop by any PADRINO'S!! I can't say enough about PADRINO'S (Wish it was closer to Boston)
Remarkable Cuban food hidden away in a strip mall, of all places.. As first-timers to Cuban fare, we started off with the Cuban sampler.  The croquetas were simply to die for. Out of our entire party, the best entree had to be the lechon asado.  I've never had pork that fell apart that easily before.  A good change from the slab-of-meat form that I am used to eating pork. Dessert was really great as well.  My family was skeptical about me ordering a Tres Leches ("Anybody can make that!"), but one bite immediately changed their minds.  We got a serving of flan as well, which was absolutely divine in all of its silky glory. Definitely on the hit-list when we visit Orlando again.
We RARELY ever give out 5 stars. We ordered the churrasco skirt steak based on yelp reviews and the seafood paella. Both were amazing. The whole meal my husband I were raving I between our bites. The seafood paella did have alot of chicken, but it was very good chicken. The portion was so huge, the amount of seafood and awesome churrizo would have been sufficient without the chicken. The plantain chips were not my favorite, but I don't prefer chips. The mojoito was one of the best my husband has had. I wanted to try the flan but we were too stuffed! Oh, good service, and a very clean, nice restaurant.
Very nice food with attentive service. They provide plantain chips and garlic dip to start with which are tasty and filling. We had the tapas sampler and the coconut shrimp both of which were very tasty. The lamb shank is succulent and served in a delicious broth. My only caution is that this is a family restaurant and after we were seated we had the family with the screaming baby come behind us. I'm sure they enjoyed the experience even less than us but it did detract from the evening somewhat.
The service was pleasant and fast, and the fried plantains that came with the meal were good. The food was oversalted and underspiced for my taste.
Perfect Better than Cuba The Best Lechon EVER Wonderful hosts! This is PERFECTION PEOPLE!!! Everything was SPOT ON Plus I could smoke cigars on the patio while eating my Cuban meal! GREAT TRES LECHES too
How!!  So glad we found this place!!   Kept it simple because we didn't want to over do the food so we skipped appetizers, etc.  Did have cocktails - and I must stay the pina colada was the best we have ever had!  Wow!  Mojito was very nice as well.  The pina colada alone was worth the trip and will be the reason we go back. Had the Lechon Asado - Yum.  Fork tender.  Changed sides to yellow rice and sweet plantains instead of white rice and yucca, based on waitress's recommendation.  Good choice. Will definitely go back.   Wait staff very friendly.  Great change of pace from the usual Orlando tourist spots.
It's so nice to have such a great restaurant here in Hunter's Creek.  We live nearby and love to come here to eat often.  This place had a rocky start, but after about a year, they seemed to change management and got it on track.  This location is related to their very successful restaurant in Ft. Lauderdale of the same name. They give you plantain chips with this strong garlic dip... (I think it's pure garlic?)... anyway, it's wonderful.  I love to get the Lamb Shanks dinner.  The shanks are served in a light tomato broth with onions that is delicious.  I have had LOTS of Cuban food in my travels, but I have never had this before and I nearly can't resist ordering it every time.  My wife has tried several things on the menu and she has never been disappointed. The prices are right and I would describe the place as "upscale casual".  A very nice fit for the area and a great place to take family, friends or even clients for lunch or dinner.
This place is awesome.   The complementary bana chips with garlic dip were phenomenal.    We had everything from the pork chops to roast port to the churresco steak... some of the best food.   Seasoned perfectly.  Even the black beans were fantastic.   Also... had a mojito that was very very good.   A must eat place.
Yeesh, Padrino's...I was hoping this would be my go-to spot to grab takeout coming straight from the airport, since I usually travel south of airport upon arrival to Orlando.  Not gonna happen...you had so little to do to make me happy, and it wasn't done. I put in a simple sandwich order with plantains (I needed to specify if I wanted fries or plantains...I wanted plantains b/c I LOVE them!), plus a side of rice and beans.  I left and went on my way...later when I finally got to my destination, I discovered the plantains were left out....boooooooo.  I was SO disappointed, I almost cried.  I want my plantains!  I called the restaurant and the 1st lady I spoke with was the one who took my order. She tried to pass it off as my fault, that I ordered the rice and beans as replacement sides for the plantains.  Um, no...you charged me for a whole side order of rice and beans, so I expect the plantains too.  And there was ketchup packets in the order...what were they supposed to go with, other than the plantains? I was put on hold for awhile...a brusque manager, Myra, finally spoke to me and offered me the plantains if I go back to the restaurant.  Heck no, I wasn't driving back through traffic and tolls to get plantains.  I told her she can just credit my account with $2, since she already had the order...I had to re-tell my credit card info, in a public place.  I really hope no one was listening to my phone call & stealing my number.  By the time I got my food, it was pretty disappointingly bland and I found a hair in the black beans. High Yelp reviews, unfortunately you were no help this time.  And I'm still craving plantains :(
Great service, great food, our waitress was great. Come here if it's you're birthday.
Got the call from an out of state relative that was in town for a night on business, wanted Cuban.  Now, there are tons of places I'd go for awesome Cuban in Orlando, but not always with that OOT relative you see once every few years. After reading some reviews on Yelp, we decided to check out Padrino's, which was only a few miles from where our relative was staying in the tourist district. It's located in Hunter's Creek in a large open air center a block or two south of where the 417 hits John Young Parkway. The restaurant is large and airy, nice space with a contemporary Cuban feel. Our waiter was very attentive and quickly had our drink order and brought some fried plantain chips with garlic dipping sauce for us to snack on. The Plantain chips were freshly made and the right saltiness. We plowed through the whole large basket of them and part of a refill. I ordered a regular Mojito, which was yummy, not too sweet or too minty- the perfect balance of rum, lime, mint and rum. Hubby got a Blue Moon and our guest enjoyed a glass of wine. I ordered a bowl of Black Bean soup, which was very large. The Black beans offered as a side and the Black bean soup are the same thing, very flavorful and Vegetarian friendly. (Not made with Pork or Ham, no chicken stock.) I enjoyed a mixed green salad topped with grilled and blackened Mahi, very flavorful dish with a decent portion of Mahi. Hubby ordered the Churrasco Skirt Steak (Chimichurri) and was very happy with the flavor and tenderness of the skirt steak. Our guest ordered the Ropa Vieja (Braised and shredded flank steak) and was thrilled with it. All of the entrees ordered came with black beans, rice and plantains, the portions were substantial and very nice for the price- all entrees were under $20. Noted that the 2nd Saturday of every month they have a whole Pig Roast. Hubby and I both commented that it would be nice to come back on a Friday or Saturday night, as they offer live music. Would also be dangerous to enjoy a happy hour there, as the drinks were made well and went down easy. :) We'll have to scoot down there again. Thanks for all of the the great reviews, Yelpers!
This was the only Cuban resturant we got to try on one of our last days in Florida. I have to start of by saying I was VERY impressed by the complimentary plantain chips with garlic dip. The plantain chips were simply irresistible and I swear I could eat these all day! My husband and I ended up splitting the Churrasco skirt steak and the Lechon sandwich. The food itself was good, but I believe they forgot to put the chimicurri on our churrasco steak as it was a bit dry and flavorless. The sandwich itself was tasty but without any condiment inside whatsoever it felt kind of dry. We really enjoyed the sides however, the black bean soup (and I normally don't like beans) and the sweet plantains! We ended up splitting one of the white bean soups that they were known for. It was pretty good also. I also was feeling like a cocktail so I decided to get the Pina Colada virgin style. It was definitely one of the best Pina Colada's I've tried. For dessert we had the flan that has been so raved about on here. It was definitely the creamiest I have had to date and I only wish the portion were bigger! Overall, I was a bit disappointed by the meats but the sides, the plantain chips and the cocktail ended up making up for a lot of that. The prices aren't too bad here, although I've heard that Miami has less expensive Cuban but given we here, this was one of the cheaper restaurants. Again, I highly recommend the plantain chips with dip, the sweet plantain side, the bean soup, the flan and the Pina Colada!
This place is in my neighborhood. I have visited a couple of times when they opened and a couple of times in the last 2 years. The times I have visited it has been quiet but it has been during the week. Friday's, however a bit different. Live music that reminds me of old Cuba. Like stuff my Mom and Dad use to hear. YUCK!!!!! Please play some Salsa or something. I am originally from Miami so I have had the best Cuban food the USA has to offer. This place is no Miami but that doesn't mean the food sucks. It's just not like Mom makes nor is it like something you'd get on 8th Street. Both in taste and price. But, check it out! The staff is great, the food is yummy, the beer is cold, and they didn't give me a problem with the dog. All in all a great place to get together with some friends. If you want authentic Cuban food visit Miami or perhaps some of the other Cuban places here in Orlando. They aren't much to look at but the food is more like Mom's in some other places I have visited here.
Padrino's is an excellent restaurant kind of off the beaten path, but worth a drive! It's located on John Young Parkway, near the 528 ramp. I had never heard of it myself, and came across it a few weeks ago when visiting The House Of Beer (already reviewed!) just a few doors down. I have to say I was impressed the minute I walked through the door: Immediate seating, friendly greeting, live music playing, and excellent ambiance and decor. I knew by the time we sat down that we'd found a winner! The menu has a lot to choose from. The waitress recommended a few things off the menu that were top sellers. We decided to try one each. I had the Churrasco Skirt Steak which was delicious! My girlfriend ordered Rosa's Chicken Steak which would've be my 2nd choice (next time!) Both meals came with black beans and rice, and sweet plantains. You do have the option of choosing other side dishes instead. Their drink menu was equally impressive. I'm not a huge mojito fan, but was persuaded to try their Mojito Cubano...Yummy! The menu indicated that Padrino's has a few locations in South Florida. I hope this one continues to do well...I will be back!
I like this place. Nice front outdoor seating. Tried the Churrassco Steak, big enough to split with my sister. Oh so tasty. Loved the basket of goodness they bring before the meal arrives. The only thing I don't like is passing through a row of men at the bar in order to get to the restroom.
came here memorial weekend with a party of 8 afnd was seated after maybe 30mins wait outside. i found padrino's via yelp and tripadvisor and it seemed to have a bunch of solid reviews. everything seemed to be going fine until we were snacking on the free plaintain chips. i found a  fried packaging label IN the chips. it was already in my mouth and i spit it back out to see what the heck it was. WTF? i have to give one star because of this. (SEE PIC!). service was pretty slow, they did check on us but maybe after we were 85% done with our food. we asked for iced water and that took a big while.  the food- i've definitely had better in nyc. the lechon was no juicy at all!!!! pics are deceiving because i ordered the food based on some of the pics here on yelp! this place was a disappointment and i hate to say it but go somewhere else if you're craving some homey tasty food!
Decided to go to Padrino's after not so good reviews of Cuba Libre. The skirt steak was delicious, I ordered it medium and it was cooked to perfection.  The steak was melt in your mouth, no kidding!  My husband ordered the shredded pork which again was delicious. Our waiter was friendly and professional. The bathrooms were very clean, the decor unusually beautiful.
I was in Orlando for a convention and had a craving for cuban and found this place on Yelp. Yelp has never steered me wrong. Nice people, nice food, nice service, nice mojitos.   From the moment you sit down and start munching on the fried plantains  through the Tapas & main courses it's all muy deliciouso.  Sorry we were too stuffed for dessert. On the Tapas menu try the empanadas & cuban quesadillas.  Excellent.   Pallella & Skirt Skirt Steak were very good as well. Go.  You'll like it.
I went there yesterday! The churrasco skirt steak was amazing! Definitely would go back if I lived locally. The flan was very creamy and tasty. The staff is very welcoming and helpful. Located in a mall right next to coldstone.
Good drinks and appetizers. The breaded steak leaves much to be desired. The steak is hard and the breading is not my favorite.  The morro rice was not too tasty. Our table of 10 had only a small portion before calling it quits. The sweet plantains could be sweeter and better preparred.  Good service, ambiance, dessert, and coffee.  3.7 stars
During our recent visit to Floriday we had noticed that this establishment in the area that we were staying in had a healthy number of great reviews from other Yelpers, so we decided to give it a try. We are Cuban cuisine novices, so I can't say how close it is to the real thing, but I can say that what we ordered was delicious and the quality was excellent. I would definitely visit again if I am back in the area and would be a regular patron if I lived in the area.
Fun birthday lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The food was excellent. Our large party with children was well received. The birthday song with our dessert was excellent and included various instruments. I can't wait to go back!
This is my wife's and I 4th Cuban dinner in four nights. This place was probably the best, with Havana' Cuisine coming in a close second. The skirt steak was thick and had very little fat. Free plantain chips was a great touch and very very good. This is a chain restaurant so it was a little more expansive, but I think it was worth it. Very clean.
Awesome, every time that I am in town I stop here.  Everything I have ever tried is too level.  Friendly staff, good service.
This place was amazing! We had the Jamon Croquetas, which were among the best I've ever had, the Cuban sandwich, and the flan. The Cuban sandwich was served on buttery, flaky bread and was delicious. The flan was creamy and melts in your mouth. The plantain chips with garlic dip were a fantastic surprise. The service was very quick, and our server was friendly and attentive. It's a 25 mile drive for us (one way), but we'll definitely be back!!!
Food was outstanding, wife had Churrasco and I had Vaca Frita. Both dishes had the meat cooked to perfection. Rice and beans were very good. The only downside is that the portion size of the meat is OK, bigger size would be nice. Overall, I highly recommend it an will return to try some of the other dishes.
I came early to take pictures. They open at 11:30am and close late night. Again, I got caught in the lunch rush. Lots of locals come here. Today struck me as odd. Lots of business people having lunch meetings. Big groups. They talked about how much they loved the food here. The place is gorgeous. Feels very Cuban when you walk in. Although, many of the wait staff are not from Cuba. The service started out with a basket of plantain chips and a side of mojo. Very good. I did ask Claudia what the mojo contained. She said it had garlic, olive oil, and onions. She had me at garlic. Lechon Asado. Slow roasted pork marinated with citrus mojo and topped with sautéed onions served with arroz moro and yuca. Delicious. What a great lunch! They had a variety of lunch specials. Had a choice between the Flan and the Tres Leches. Had to pick the Tres Leches. The consistency was different than expected. It wasn't as moist as I thought it would be. It also came with sprinkles of cinnamon which gave it an interesting taste. The whole menu is pricey but worth every penny. Great place to have some great Cuban food.
Always a winner! I take all my friends and family here! Food is amazing and great for the price.
Really good.  Cuban might be my favorite type of food.  This place was nicer than I thought it was going to be.  The service was good, the mojitos could have been a bit better and the Churrasco skirt steak was GREAT.  The arroz con pollo was the BEST I have ever had.  Also, the plantains with cheese and chorizo app was to die for.  Will definitely return if/when in the Orlando area again.
This place was AMAZING! The bestie and I were in Orlando to visit the theme parks and decided that delicious, non-park food was what we needed and we found something above and beyond what we wanted! The whole experience was great, even before we got there! I called ahead to make a reservation and was told I didn't need one. Sometimes after being told this I have had to wait to be seated (something I'm not a fan of) and as soon as we walked in we were seated. Our waitress was super nice and made recommendations without pressuring us, and when we had made our decision she told us we had made great choices which made us confident as far as out order went. She got a mojito and I got the Habana margarita and both were super fresh and tasty. We also started ourselves off with empenadas and mariquitas (plantain chips) which came with an amazing garlic sauce. I had one of their steak dishes which was good, but nothing compared to her delicious pork dish. It was tender and full of flavor. An excellent experience all around and a must for our next trip!
Found this through Yelp and because of the great reviews we decided to try it.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed the wonderful meal and the exceptional service.  I will also add that the restrooms were super beautiful and clean.  You owe it to yourself to try this great Bistro.
Decent Cuban food. My favorite was the Vacca Frita. My favorite thing about the place is that the food is consistent from visit to visit. The fried plantain chips they serve are usually pretty good, but occasionally you get some soggy yet somehow also burned ones. They have a 2for1 happy hour every weekday which is nice. Service is decent usually but lacking when they have large parties. The only annoying thing is when they have live entertainment. The place is too small and they let the musician be too loud.
on a recent business trip, we had lunch at this place thanks to Siri.  the 4.5 stars on yelp certainly didn't hurt.  =) i can't remember the last time i had a cuban sandwich, so i went with the "Cubano". one bite into this sandwich, and O.M.G. da-a-a-a-a-a-a-ang, it was GO-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-OD... SO MUCH FLAVOR... the toasted bread was awesome... honestly, one of the best sandwiches i've had...EVER.  period.  hands down.   for this sandwich alone, i would give 5 stars.  their 1-star downfall were the fries- very meh. i can't wait to come back and try the 10 other things on their menu that sounded scrumptious... padrino's cuban bistro.....  DIG IT!!!
I visited this afternoon from NY. I had the Havana frozen margarita which was delicious. The skirt steak with rice and beans was very tasty and the desert which was flan was delicious!! The staff was very friendly.
Had a great time here for lunch. Went with a big group of 8 people and our waitress handled us all effortlessly with a smile and a great attitude. The place is decorated very nicely inside. With a modern look and cool brightly colored paintings all over the walls. The food was superb and reasonably priced. I had the cuban which was delicious and toasted to the perfect crisp. The starter of plaintain chips and garlic sauce is also very very delicious. My only complaint is the sandwich didn't seem to have any sauce on it. Cubans usually come with mayo. The sweet plaintains rock. And the portions were pretty big.
I loved it. Verry good service, fun atmosphere, awesome food and acceptable prices. Will come back next time.
Being Cuban, I was a bit reluctant to go to any Cuban restaurant, since I imagined everything I would find there, I can already have it at home and pretty frequently at that.  But I heard enough good things about Padrino's and since it's in my neck of the woods (creek?), I decided to give it a whirl. I went with my girlfriend for a late-afternoon dinner and there were not many customers inside, then again, it was a weekday and the sun had just gone down. The ambiance is good, and the decoration is cozy enough.  I spotted some typical Cuban farmers' hats on a wall, and a couple of bongos. The paintings, all done in the same Cuban cubism style, did seem to evoke the spirit of the island nation, though abstract humanoids lacking faces with disembodied hands might be seen as a bit creepy to some. The waiter was attentive and accommodating.  He immediately brought some dried plantains to snack on.  They were a variation of the "chicharritas" I usually have (the restaurant's version was just long slices of plantains whereas mine are more like the ones you buy at the chips aisle).  They were a bit hard but otherwise okay.  I did like the garlic/oil/lime sauce they brought to dip them in.  That's the kind I use with slices of bread, which is more basic and fun than the Italian heavily-spiced sauces.  I would have preferred we had some bread for it, because plantain chips are not really meant for that. Onwards to the appetizer.  We ordered the sampler, which had about 3 "croquetas", 2 halves of an empanada and 3 or 4 "tostones" with chorizo, chicken and cheese on top of them.  There were also two different sauces to dip them in.  I did not find the appetizer to be worth the 10 bucks.  I've had better samplers at other restaurants.  The food wasn't bad, just really average.  At least to my Cuban palate.  I've had more interesting croquetas (with all sorts of fillings and either made with potatoes or yuccas) from the frozen food aisles.  The empanada was also alright and the tostones seemed like they would have a lot of flavor but they didn't.  The cheese on top of them was melted but already cold, to the point that it didn't even seem like cheese, just something pasty that hid some meat underneath.  I also prefer my tostones more "toasted", crispier.  These were in the middle of not being really soft or hard. With the disappointing appetizer over, the entrees arrived.  We both ordered the "lechón asado", because you cannot be a Cuban and not cherish the tasty, tasty creature that is a pig.  The plate came with an ample amount of pork and man was it tasty.  Good thing they got this right, because a badly done pork at a Cuban restaurant would immediately disqualify it  It had that sometimes-greasy, crispy-at-parts, all-around flavorful goodness that is our staple at any social event or holiday.  This traditional dish was also accompanied by soft, garlicky yucca (very well done, you can screw up yucca but not having enough "mojito" on them, or just being slightly hard when you bite them) and "arroz con moros" aka "congrí" aka that rice that you cook in a pot with the beans already inside.  The rice was done in a safe way, meaning it wasn't bad but it wasn't as good as I've had it.  It could have been made stellar by just applying the same grease of the pork to it, so you have that nice, slightly oily "congrí" that's to die for.  Oh well.   Overall, this was a pretty good choice of a restaurant and I can see why it is pretty well-regarded by the locals.  I am a bit harsher on it because I know these plates very well, and though my family is not composed of chefs, I've had better versions of most of what they offer (except the pork and yucca which are great).  The pork though, is very, very tasty, and anybody looking for Cuban fare, should not be afraid to try this place out.   I think I would've preferred the lunch menu, just so I could get the same food for a cheaper price.  I would have tried the "chilindrones de carnero" (lamb shanks) but 17 dollars is too much to pay for a meat that's frankly inferior to beef and pork in the Cuban menus.  Also, lamb is a risky meat that you have to know how to work around it.  For 17, that wasn't an interesting enough choice for me. I am not eager to crown this place as the best Cuban restaurant around, but it's pretty good to give it a try.
I love this place!  Excellent food, service and ambiance!  Rare gem in a world that is seemingly comfortable in mediocrity!
I've been here a few times with both family and co-workers and everyone seems to really enjoy it. Their mojitos are AWESOME, try a classic one, you won't be disappointed. Then they serve you these plantains and mojo dip, which is basically mashed garlic, salt and olive oil and it's very very tasty! I've had the Palomilla, the Churrasco and the Chicken Pinchos and all have been very tasty! Also, don't skip desert because, surprisingly, all of their desert are also fantastic. I've had nothing but great service each time we've come and on Friday nights these place has live music, dancing, you feel like you're smack in the middle of Little Havana.
This place really surprised me. I went for lunch and I'm glad I did. The food was good and they had plantain chips with garlic oil instead of bread. I loveee plantain chips so they instantly won me over. The service was very attentive and friendly. A very clean Caribbean themed restaurant. My favorite dish is the Padrino's Palomilla steak.
Their food was really good, however, their service was excellent and impressed me the most. I went in with the entire family on 11/29 of this year, and I was more than pleased with their genuine attentiveness and accommodating demeanor. So it was my dear mommy's and aunt's birthday (they're twins), and we were taking them out. I called literally an hour before we arrived to Padrinos to make sure we didn't need reservations. We didn't, but the lady who answered did inform me they closed at 10 pm. Since we were 6 people, it took us a long time to get everyone ready to go. It turns out we made it there at 9:30 PM and we did not order until 9:50... Sorry Padrino's employees! My brother orderded ropa vieja which he throroughly enjoyed. It was his first time tasting this Cuban staple, and he was not disappointed. It had a very flavorful meat. My sister had a pig platter which she appeared to had enjoyed too. Nonetheless, the star of her plate was the yuca or cassava because everyone kept on stealing bites of it. My mom had picadillo, and declared she liked it. However, she admitted she wished she had ordered ropa vieja instead. The meat in the ropa vieja was just that good! My boyfriend had quesadillas, which he enjoyed. He wasn't blown away by it, but it was good. My aunt and I shared empanadas since we weren't that hungry. It is actually two empanadas cut in half to make 4 bite size pieces. All in all, the food was great. Let's continue with the drinks. My mom had her usual celebration drink, a margarita! I tasted it, and it was just divine. I can honestly declare it the most delicious margarita I have tasted in my entire life. My aunt, on the other hand, had a mojito to honor the establishment. She thought it was quite good and not too sweet. My sister had a piña colada, which she enjoyed. I can't comment because I hate piña coladas! Boyfriend and I had a house merlot which was good. I spoke with the hostess about putting candles on a dessert without having the birthday ladies know, and she said it wouldn't be a problem. The waitress would just ask my mom and aunt for their choice of dessert at the end. It turns out, the ladies did not want any! I was crushed because I really wanted to have them blow their candles. The waitress and the entire staff actually came over with tres leches and a whole bunch of candles. They were singing and playing drums. The drums and singing were a great touch. My mom and aunt even called their brothers so they could hear because they were excited. We were having such a great time, but I was very embarrassed for going so late to the restaurant and keeping them there. I told the waitress we were leaving because I didn't want her to stay there extra time for us, and she replied by basically saying if we were nuts. She said she still had lots to do in the restaurant, and we shouldn't leave on her account. She insisted my mom and aunt should finish their drinks and order more if possible since they were having such a good time. We of course just waited until they finished and did not order more. I thank the entire staff for being so kind and accommodating. My family loved the place and can't wait to go back.
Nice bistro atmosphere. Good cuban sandwiches but thought it was odd they charged us extra when we asked for lettuce on one of them. Shrimp salad was good. Complimentary fried plantains wee a little bland but the dipping sauce was good. Was only 15 minutes away from international drive and was nice to get away from all the touristy places.
Ok this is a review about four people opinions and we all got different food so we can conclude that this is a tasteless no idea how the call this Cuban food. The chief must be as blind as Hellen Keller and the staff has an even worse attitude than motel 6. Save your money and go to McDonald's it taste better!!
Maybe it is just not for me?  The Mojitos were fantastic!!! The music was entertaining. The appetizer left much to be desired, which was the sampler.  All the "samples" tasted the same. I ate the Paella.  It was very tasty, VERY large, more than enough for two hungry people, kinda expensive.  Nice atmosphere.  The food was good, but not any better than any good Mom and Pop place that would charge alot less for their food.
Came here last Saturday for dinner and the food was pretty good. The croquettes were tasty and so was the skirt steak! Defintely get the seafood paella as well. The service wasn't bad either until the end when we had to get our check. Took us awhile to find our server. Otherwise, we would still come back for some good Cuban food! Also the prices were very reasonable and the portions are BIG! They also have live music which the kids loved!
I lovelovelove this place! The food is great, the people are nice, and I love the location!
I've got to tell you... this is by far my favorite spot to eat is Orlando! My family and I just cannot get enough of Padrino's. I have had just about all there is to order on the menu and it is all delicious. My favorite is Padrino's Palomilla. To drink, I highly recommend their Sangria! My wife and I love it!
This place is great. Had dinner there last night and the food was really good. The Churrasco was tasty and well prepared as well as the tostones with the various toppings. All items ordered were very fresh.  Overall the ambiance is good and the prices are right.
In From California, absolutely loved the food!  I had the skirt steak, awesome!  Great atmosphere and the waiter from Peru made the experience worth the trip!
You want great Cuban food this is the place.  No they don't have 50 dishes on their menu but what they have is authentic and they do it well.  In these times of healthier eating, and lets face it cuban food is probably not on the healthy eating category, I eat here and still feel good after.  My kids love the black beans and rice and if I don't hurry up they will eat all the plantain chip they bring out as a starter. The last time I was there I asked if they were affiliated to the restaurant in Broward County which I frequented when I lived in south florida.  I was ecstatic to find out that it was woohoo now new to Orlando I have a little piece of home and I love it.  Can't wait to the monthly pork roast.  Oh btw the service is always great.
This place was certainly a welcome change from the standard "Disney" fare. Great service and an enticing, well-executed menu. Started out with the green plantain chips with garlic dipping oil - never had these before. Delicious and addictive! I ordered the ropa vieja - wonderful, tender shredded beef with sweet plantains and rice/beans. The best I've ever had! Husband ordered the shrimp creole - could have used a bit more heat, but the tostones were delicious! Nice detour from the tourist traps and well worth the trip!
Definitely good! Had sandwiches, coconut shrimp, yucca, and the plantain chips. Nice waitress, fresh food, well seasoned, will be back.....
My brother-in-law's recommendation led me to Padrino's Cuban Bistro in the Hunter's Creek section of Orlando. Looking at their menu, the Lechon Asado and the Cubano Sandwich catch my eye, but so does the Ropa Vieja flank steak. Going beef is a good choice here. I would come back for the Ropa Vieja beef prepared with peppers, onions and tomatoes as an entree or as a quesidilla. As for the Lechon Asado, I like the generous portion of assymetrically sliced slow roasted pork. The plantains were sweet and moist, offsetting the dryness of the meat and arroz moro (rice). I washed it down with a Mojito Cubano, complete with freshly crushed mint and pulpy-seedy lime.
Great place, great staff, great prices.  This is what I expect (and usually don't get) with a Cuban restaurant.  The venue is very nice, with a nice decor and an open floorplan.  The food starts out with a complimentary fried plantain appetizer with an addictive garlicky dipping sauce.  I can't say too much about the menu, as I always order the lechon asado.  The mojitos are really good as well.  My only (minor) complaint is that the congri is sometimes dry.  Well worth the drive for some great food.
On a vacation to Orlando you can be overwhelmed with chain restaurants and fast food.  We believe in going to local places as often as we can. Padrino's is one of those places. We went on our last night of a 7 day vacation. On a Saturday night there was love music and was a steady steam of customers in and out. We were seated right away and the waitress was very sweet. We had two mojito's, coconut and peach pomegranate. Both were made well and came in tall water glass size. They bring plantain chips with a garlic dipping sauce which were very good even for those who are not fans of plantains, like myself. Appetizer of beef empanadas. The dough was crispy and cooked through and the filling was flavorful.  We ordered seafood paella and skirt steak with chimmichurri.   Both were FANTASTIC.   My paella was loaded with scallops, shrimp, clams, chicken and chorizo. Plenty of food for 2. Dessert was Cuban coffee with milk and tres leches cake. Both were a perfect ending to the meal. Total bill with tip was under $100. Not only is this place local and authentic but a good night out and a great end to a beautiful trip to Orlando. Highly recommend.
Best Cuban restaurant in south Orlando. Nice area, parking is alright, food is good, and price is ok.
The concept behind this restaurant was good in theory but the execution was not there. I went on a Friday night with some girl friends and was prepared for a great experience having read the menu and history online the day before. The black bean soup I ordered was good nothing special. The plantain chips were good but some were chewy/ soggy rather than crispy. My girl friend had a coconut shrimp appetizer which I liked a lot. I ordered padrion's palomilla which sounded great in the description and looked wonderful when it came out. The flavor however, just wasn't there. It seemed like they didn't season the food at all. My friend had pollo asado which again looked great but was also flavorless. Really disappointing. :(
The meal started with plantain chips served with a garlic dip.  The plantains were deliciously crispy, but I think it would've been better paired with some kind of salsa.  I ordered the Vaca Frita (skirt steak) which was very tender and moist.  The meat lacked some taste, but nonetheless was pretty good.  The sweet plantains side was very good.
We ate here on our recent trip to Orlando. I had the Lechon Asado and it was amazing. My husband had the Churrasco Skirt Steak and highly enjoyed it as well. The staff was very warm and helpful and we had a great time.
Definitely not disappointed... I had the Mofongo appetizer, Ropa Vieja and the Flan...  everything was great... attentive and friendly wait staff... clean place, nice decor...  HUGE portions... and definitely pretty reasonable prices.  I wish we had more places like this where I live.   I will be back...
Visiting Orlando for a long weekend and was craving Cuban food so, of course went on Yelp and found this place! What a find. Unfortunately, it is in a strip mall but you lose sight of that once you walk through the door. If you can, ask for Lisette (or as she call herself "J-Lo") as your server! She is awesome and so darn sweet. Every recommendation she mentioned, we ordered and we were not disappointed. Started with the mojito (which is fabulous) and the empanadas which got our mouths watering. Then we moved onto our entrees which we all shared (churrasco steak, ropa vieja and the mahi mahi special). All of them were heavenly and something I would order again....and again. We were stuffed but "J-Lo" recommended the key lime pie (which they ended up being out of so we must go back) and the flan. I do not have a sweet tooth and this was INCREDIBLE! She paired it with the Cuban coffee to end the night and we didn't want to leave! Ask her what a "columbian coffee" does to her....wahoo! She was great and made the experience that much better! We then headed back out to the strip mall to our hotel and slept like a rock! Such a great time. Thanks Lisette and Padrino's! We will be back next time we are in Orlando!
Oh my goodness! We were vacationing in Orlando, and decided to try this place out after reading all of the positive review on Yelp. YUM! EXCELLENT food, nice CLEAN atmosphere, professional servers, QUICK service, reasonable prices...Can't say enough good things about this place! We had the Churrasco skirt stake and the Pollo Rosa (Can't remember the name, but I THINK that's it). GO HERE! you won't be disappointed!
Don't even think about it.  JUST GO and you won't be disappointed!!  Thanks to Yelp for helping us find this place.  They deserve all the great reviews, kitchen and house staff are just wonderful.
Full confession - I think this is the only Cuban restaurant I've ever been to.  That being said, everything about the restaurant is great.  The boiled yucca is straight up crack.
My husband and I went for our Valentine's dinner, and not only did they have a wonderful special for two, it was delicious!  My hubby had the paella, which was delicious and could have easily served two, and I had the churrasco, one of my favorites.  It was wonderful!  The service was terrific, and one of the owners was in house and checked on us several times personally.  A wonderful evening, terrific food, and I can't wait to go to one of their pig roasts!  Definitely make a reservation for a large group or for a weekend!
I came here to wrap up business negotiations.  It was a great finish.  Lechon asada was delicious (though perhaps not as moist as I'd been led to believe).  And the green plaintains were better than any I'd ever had elsewhere, South America included.
Reasonable prices, well seasoned cuban food, the spiked drinks are really good, the vaca frita was huge and with good taste. Give this place a try if you crave latin food.
I really enjoyed everything about this place. I started with the sangria which was awesome! I ordered the steak, and that was great too. The real standout of this place was the FLAN, Oh my God the FLAN could make a grown man cry it was so good. I have had Flan all over the world, and this was seriously some of the best Flan I have ever had. I imagined there was a little Cuban grandmother in the back with her ancient secret recipe whipping up one batch at a time. The flavor and the texture was very unique, in the best kind of way. My husband and daughter that do not like flan liked this flan!  Overall, I would not only recommend this place, but I'll be back myself!
Delicious! Stopped by here for dinner just before closing time in December. Place was very classy and clean, servers were polite. BIG servings, could not finish a plate on my own, best to share. Ropa vieja - flavorful, tasty - hands down my favorite. Seafood paella - apparently very good. Skirt steak - like a regular steak, tender. Lechon asada (pork) - good but a bit heavy. Tres leches - waaay too sweet for me.
Great food and service.  Definitely go hungry.  Great skirt stake and definetely try their Padrino Mojito.
We dined here on a recent Saturday night. We are from out of town and found this place on Yelp. What a treasure!  Better than Cuban food I've had in Miami, and at a reasonable price. Empanadas are amazing! We could have just made a meal of these!  I had pork, yucca and black beans which were very good.  My friend's pork chops with fried plantains were scrumptious. Service was good and we felt it was a nice family owned type place. A wonderful start to our vacation and still a highlight for us both. I will come back when we return next year with the family !
Pork entree, Lechon Asado, was very good. The bread pudding fir dessert was over the top. Mrs Padrino helped us order which was really cool.
Tonight was my second time here. I really enjoy th atmosphere and I enjoy the guy singing the oldies spanish music. Tonight I ordered the black bean soup and the fiesta tostones. The soup was delicious. I honestly didn't enjoy the tostones as much. They where good just not great. I drank a Mojito which made everything better!! And for dessert I had the bread pudding. Last time I had the flan....definetely will stick with the flan. Overall a very enjoyable evening with tasty food.
After a long day at Walt Disney World with the family we were in the mood for a good meal.  After checking on Yelp we went to Padrino's Cuban Bistro.  Even though a late on a Thursday evening we were seated quickly.  The waiter Michael was attentive and professional. We were brought fried plantains with a garlic sauce to munch on while looking over the menu. My wife choose the Churrasco Skirt Steak marinated in chimicurri sauce then char grilled. This was served with seasoned white rice, black beans, fried plantains.  This was delicious! I ordered the Lechon Asado which was roasted pork with citrus mojo and sauteed onions.  Accompanying the pork was garlicky yucca and arrozo moro.  This was good and filing. We are from California and good Cuban food is hard to come by.  We would go back.
On vacation in Orlando. Just had the combo appetizer and the pork. Awesome! Bread pudding ...  Amazing!
Amazing!! The food was outstanding and Soloman took the best care of us! He told us what the most popular dishes were and I asked him what a couple of his favorites were and I chose from those...so thrilled I did! Being new to the area I was peppering him with questions and he took it like a champ plus he was was a total crack up! The mojitos are super yummy and had a nice kick in the pants of their own! The only reason I'm not 5starring them is really lame but the decor made me feel like I was at Denny's or something. Besides that, I can't wait to go back!!!
I have been going to Padrino's for a few years now and I must say it is the BEST CUBAN FOOD I have ever eaten!  My favorite thing to order is the Vaca Frita and I have them put cheese on it!  Just thinking about it is making my mouth water.  My other favorite is the garlic oil that they bring out with the plantain chips.  I pour it on top of my Vaca Frita and it is so good!!  Now having just moved away from Orlando, I make it a point to always go to Padrino's when I am visiting.  Mr. and Mrs. Padrino are two of the nicest people I have ever met and they always treat you like they are having you over for dinner in their own home.  I love them and I LOVE PADRINO'S! P.S. Don't go home without trying their bread pudding and tres leches for dessert!
Great service and tasty good make this place a standout.  My favorite Cuban food in Orlando (I am from Miami).  This place has great fish that is fresh and the chicken.is cooked well, juicy and tender.  The staff is friendly and welcoming.  They bring out complimentary plaintain chips to start.  I live their rice  and black bean side and the fries.  The tres leeches cake was good.
Service was good, and I liked the ambiance. The food, well, it's average. Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but I've had much better Cuban food. When I think Cuban, I think of flavors that pop. I think of memorable meals. At Padrino's I did not leave with that feeling of wow.
Awesome food, great service and affordable pricing makes it a place to visit if you are looking for some great cuban restaurant in the Orlando area. The steak salad was out of the world and the lightly  caramelized onions put it all together, the flan and the soft sponge cake with 3 kinds of milk is mouthwateringingly delicious.
The food was very good but a little over priced for traditional Cuban. The lack of a good local Cuban place justifies the higher price. You cant go wrong with the roast pork.
Food was pretty good but the cranky wait person brings down the overall rating to two stars.
unfortunately, i have to drop the rating one. when i was eating my leftover paella the next day, i bit into something hard and realized it was a tiny piece of glass. granted, accidents/mistakes do happen... but i emailed the restaurant to let them know. it's been a couple days and i haven't heard back from them. an apology or something would have been nice. but again the food and service was great at the time of our meal. just hope there wasn't more glass i ingested. =P *** so i finally got an email from the owner who apologized for our experience and provided some compensation. great customer service  (better late than never!) is always appreciated!
Padrino's is a great restaurant and I am a fan.  The have a good menu selection and great drinks! The service is at times slow but other than that the experience is a good one.
Love this place! Amazing food!  I can't say anything bad about the food!  We have been here twice within the past 9days and it is excellent!
Food was adequate and service was tolerable.  The restaurant was exceptionally loud due to 3 tables celebrating birthdays.  I'll go back for lunch when it is quiet.
Good Cuban food...ambiance a little dry...was not blown away...
Surprise!  Good food.  Sorry I hadn't gone sooner.
This is a must go on acity where buffets rules. Food is excellent.
Love this place! I've been here twice and both visits were great. The complimentary plantain chips are wonderful. I had Mayi Mahi Mahi, which was very good. However, I must say, the meal over all was a bit too salty for my liking. I did get a mojito to drink, which was fabulous. Unfortunately, I did have one problem during my most recent visit. After I finished eating, I wanted to have one more mojito, but when I tried to order it, my waitress told me the bar had closed. I would have appreciated her coming over to our table before the bar closed to see if we wanted a refill. That is my only big compliant.
Went here based on the great reviews.  The food was good overall, but a bit too gourmet/ fashionable, so it lost some aunthencity.  Sort of the way that PF Changs is good but not really authentic. My boyfriend had one of the flank state entrees and it was great. I had one of the stewed beef dishes and it was good too. I'd give 4 stars but I felt sick later from the plantain and garlic appetizer - that much raw garlic is dangerous. Not a bad choice for strip mall land overall.
The monthly pig roast is amazing. Fills up but no major wait. They didn't have any bread with the buffet, a recommendation I made for next time.
Churrasco Skirt Steak was awesome!  Good, authentic restaurant!
Great food! Pork and steak w/ chimichurri are out of this world.  Had a lovely dinner here with my parents for their anniversary in Feb 2012.
Padrinos is a Cuban restaurant with a good food..I really recomend the lunch hours because prices are fantastic .
Great food:)
Very good Cuban food. Very friendly staff.
The Churrasco Skirt Steak and Lechon Asado was perfect. The lunch specials are great deals and just as filling.
Honestly, I really can't see how this place has 4+stars. Unless, people are more enamored with the ambiance over the food. Then and only then would I be able to understand. After reading a bunch of reviews on yelp I decided to go on Sunday night. We wanted to order the dishes that seem to be their most popular. The skirt steak, the lechon asado and the paella de marisco. 1) the steak was like gum. Tough, burned off temp and cold. Obviously not cooked to order. No flavor 2) the lechon had ok flavor and was the only thing on the table with taste. The portion however was small for the price. The Yuka was good on the same plate. 3) the paella just sealed the deal for me. I know "paella", what padrino's offers as paella is an insult. It' precooked chicken and rice. Then they add 3 shrimp, 3 mussels and 3 fried plantains..... Yes, fried plantains on paella!!! Are you kidding? They used regular long grain rice, not the grain paella is made from. Paella should NEVER be precooked. It should take minimum 20 to 30 minutes as the rice has to cook. Not 10 minutes. Obvious hint that this stuff was precooked. Servers where quiet arrogant and unwilling to answer questions about how the food was prepared. Well, these are also bad signs to me. Padrino's has its corporate act together but they don't fool me. They are now just another lousy chain restaurant.
Consistent with the Yelp reviews I read, this restaurant was a great Cuban food experience. The empanadas were delicious and so were the grilled talapia and skirt steak entrees. Servings were plentiful. The food was fresh and very flavorful. An added bonus was the live music on Friday night. If I'm in the Orlando area again, I'd definitely return!
Good cuban food in Hunters Creek
Amazing! Try the caldo galago, white bean soup and the tostones fiesta. They arefabulous!
I only gave this four stars because I only ate the Cubano sandwich, but it was the best I ever had along with the Padrinos mojito. This place is great!
Paella was bland...waiters couldn't get our orders right.
Excellent place I would not have stopped in had it not been for Yelp.  I had the skirt steak.  It was delicious.  Even the rice and beans were great, not just an afterthought.
Fantastic friendly service, surprisingly quick. It's a bit noisy though. Everything I have tried is very very good. Worth a visit for sure!
Everything here was great and the service was excellent. We had the signature skirt steak and a pork dish that were both fantastic. The mojito was tasty (and strong!) and the sangria wasn't too sweet. Cuban coffees after were delicious. Prices were reasonable.
EXCEPTIONAL FOOD. Service from Mike is AMAZING. They also do a lechon roast every other Saturday!! Drinks are killer. Ask for mike he's amazing.
What a great place!  On vacation in Orlando and the family wanted Cuban. This place exceeded expectations.   Coconut shrimp and tostones were excellent appetizers. for dinner the Seafood Paella was great!  My sons had a Cuban sandwich and Skirt  steak, both were great.   Desserts were also excellent. Flan and Bread pudding were awesome! Great value for your money and great tasting food This is as close to a 5 as you can get!
This was my first experience with Cuban food.  It was fantastic.  I had the skirt steak and my wife had the pulled pork.  For dessert we had the worlds best flan and bread pudding
Decent food, zombie waitress #2, live music. It was a blast. Even though the waitress screwed up my order, what came out by mistake wasn't bad. She didn't tell me they were out of the ribs I ordered, just ordered something different for me. WTH! Oh well, there's a much better place in Seattle, much closer to home.
Yesterday I ordered the churrasco (skirt steak) with congri rice.  The rice was very tasty, but cold.  The piece of meat I got was definitely not skirt steak.  The service, however was friendly and prompt.  Next time I'll call first to confirm whether the chef is in..........he was out yesterday noon.
Rosas chicken steak is great!  They give you a lot of food but its light so it's not op filling. Flavor is excellent. Highly recommend.
Food is plenty for very resonable price.  I am just not a huge fan with food that is loaded with a lot of carbohydrate that dominate most of the entire portion.  The taste is great though.
This food is absolutely miraculous. Vaca frita is amazing, crispy but tender, like beef carnitas. All the sides were wonderful. Drinks were strong. Loud and lively scene on Friday night, live music, friendly for kids, upscale ambience with moderate prices. Kids portions are very large. I cannot believe they can serve food this good, and this much of it, in a setting this nice, for these prices. You have to come here!
Service was good; food was amazing; prices were even more amazing.  Our family can get our fix for all types of platanos, tostones, rice and beans, etc.  I can't believe the meal was that inexpensive!  I've posted photos of some of the dishes.  I love the way the pressed bread crinkles on sandwiches.
Padrinos is amazing. My wife and I eat there all the time!!!
fantastic place for good Cuban cuisine.  I had the lamb and it was excellent.  the service was good, nice quiet atmosphere, and excellent food.
This was such a great place! The server was so helpful and kind and the food was the best we have eaten during our vacation. Everything was perfect!
Stopped on the way to the airport and had great, fast service and an excellent meal!
We were heading through this part of Orlando (beautiful), and decided to Yelp for dinner.   We could not have had a better meal or better service than at Padrino's.  We have never had authentic Cuban fare, but the waitress was all knowing, and suggested a pork entree and a chicken entree -- both with all the fix'ns.   The very best!  And the sangria was delicious.  For both of us the dinner came to $34!  They were by no means crowded, but the chain restaurants were packed.  Don't miss out on Padrino's (family owned)-- the chains do not compare!   The atmosphere is upscale, but casual dress is fine.
Good but not over the top.  After a basket of great tasting fried plantains with a mild garlic oil dip, the entrees were delivered.  Both were just okay.   We should have ordered the steak....   Service was very good.
I found this place from Yelp's... Great food, great service & good price! I wanted to go to Cuba Ibre but didn't have good reviews. My family is visiting from OC California, so we always look good places to eat...
Outstanding. Go with the waitress recommendations. Great price for the food.
Went on a Thursday night around 6:00, seated immediately. Ordered drinks for my wife and self,they came real fast,Mojitos and they were huge and strong(good strong). Ordered the sampler for us,OK, wife orderedthe pajielia which she is still raving about.  Got the Cubano sandwich and it was great.plentiful portions fast service,live music playing by one guy that was not overbearing.  Great time and good food.
Best Cuban food in Orlando!
Great food, better atmosphere and 1st class service. Price is very reasonable. If I am in Orlando again, I will definitely go again.
very friendly staffs and tasty skirt steak !
I don't plan on coming back to Orlando but if I do I'll be sure to come back to Padrino's. Everything from the environment, service, and food were great. There were three of us and we ate them family style. We tried the paella, seafood creole, and the lamb shanks. The lamb shanks are a must. The meat melted off the bone like hot wax. The paella was seasoned perfectly and the seafood tasted fresh. The seafood creole broth was the same. The next day I made burritos from leftover rice and lamb. Best burrito ever!
Was on a trip recently and was on the hunt for some Cuban food...specifically a Cubano sandwich.  We happened to have stopped at Gatorland for a couple of hours and Yelped... which gave us Padrino's close by.  SO glad it did! This restaurant was very nice, modern'ish' decor inside and welcoming staff.  We were immediately brought out some plantain chips and dipping sauce (like an oil with minced onion?) and I could have eaten those ALL day.  They were complimentary which was nice. We both ordered the Cubano... one of us with the sweet plantains, the other ordered with this other item that I can't remember the name of.  It was three pressed patties of a green/yellow color vegetable I am guessing and they were GOOD.  Anyway, the Cubano's came out and I can tell you that unless you have a big appetite two people could split one sandwich.  It was AH-MAZING.  The flavors of the meat, pickles and cheese pressed together on the bread was SO good.  I don't have anything to compare it to since I have never had one before, but what I can say is that I am glad this place was my first! The service was really great, the server sweet and attentive.  The price was TOTALLY reasonable... really, quite inexpensive for such a nice looking restaurant.  Well done Padrino's, I will come back here if I am ever in the Orlando area again.
I'm not sure there's anything negative anyone could say about this gem of a restaurant. Having traveled to Miami dozens of times the food and service we experienced at Padrino's trumped anything we've eaten down south. Padrino's does an excellent job at dishing out quality Cuban food without a hefty price tag and is still able to maintain large portions. Value reigns here and fortunately service isn't sacrificed. The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, helpful and attentive.   Ironically, we found this on YELP and drove nearly 20 minutes from the airport because my friend was in the mood for Cuban. Fortunately, it didn't disappoint. My Vaca Frita blew away that served at Versailles in Miami (which is an establishment, yet average) and my friend's Cuban sandwich rivaled that available at Porto's in Southern California, which has several thousand reviews on YELP. You'll be challenging to find anything on the menu that isn't tasty and are destined to go home full, even when sporting a large appetite. Come for lunch or dinner and plan on wanting to return.
AMAZING!!! This place exceeded our expectations for Cuban food. We tried a lot from the menu and were not dissapointed. Everything was delirious, appetizer, main course, flan and coffee. Would go back next time in FL. One thing i wasnt a fan of was the white sangria, which wasn't my favorite because it had a lot of pineapple juice and was $10. Wish I would have gotten the house red instead. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. They had a guitar player and cool art on the walls. Very nice atmosphere.
Incredible meal tonight at Padrino's!  The pollo asado was perfect. I love Cuban food, and this was my fix during our vacation. I would eat here every night if the rest of the family would let me.
We had a very good meal a couple of weeks ago.  I had a good Cubano sandwich, and my wife a very good Churrasco skirt steak.  The steak has smokey and well seared, and the rice, beans, and sweet plantains were quite good. The plantain chips brought out were much better than the usual Cuban bread, and the garlic dip was very good. Also had a Cuban coffee that hit the spot. There was a guitar player doing a very nice job of providing entertainment, and the atmosphere was quite nice for a strip mall location. Compared to Havana's near Disney, well, there is no comparison.  Padrino's was better, cheaper, and more pleasant. I highly recommend.
Padrino's is a nice modern Cuban restaurant.  Very clean and with good service, the restaurant has a nice ambiance and sports a healthy menu.  I had my perennial favourite - lechon asado.  The roasted pork was quite good and tender - would have liked a more intense flavour with marinade, though.  The maduros - fried sweet plantains - was perfect!  The arroz moro was tasty, too! While I was there, someone was celebrating a birthday.  The staff emerged with tambourines and drums and serenaded the birthday girl.  I thought that was quite nice!  Even their manager joined in. For dessert, I opted for traditional flan.  Presentation was gorgeous and the flan was well done.  Only complaint was that it would have been better if they used creme fraiche!  Of course, one must try cafe con leche with one's dessert.  Padrino's did not miss the mark here.  It was as good as my cousin Gloria's!  They even ask how strong you want it! Overall, Padrino's was a delightful find for me here in Orlando.  I will definitely be back for more.  Maybe even drag the daughter here on HER birthday!  Buen provecho!!
Hands down five stars without even a thought of hesitation! I've been eating at Padrinos since I was probably 7 years old at the Hallandale Beach location with my parents. When we moved north, I was bummed because their chicken soup with fresh squeezed lime juice & their pounded chicken steak with papas fritas & plantains were what I grew up loving to eat & finally! Lo & behold! A few years ago while visiting my parents in Central Florida I saw Padrinos advertised & I almost died with sheer excitement!! Mom & I went & it was just as good as  I had remembered!! The Palomilla steak is heaven on a plate & now every single time I visit FL, I take mom!! The staff is friendly, gracious, caring, & helpful & always willing to make suggestions & please their guests. The plantain chips with a garlic oil dip they serve to each table upon being seated immediately & they are superb! The chicken soup is exactly how I remembered from childhood, which speaks volumes of a restaurant! When the family recipe stays in tact & is perpetuated over decades & decades, you know the food is superb!! The steak has also tasted exactly the same & lived up to my expectations too! Padrinos will forever be a Florida staple in Cuban food but I would do anything for them to open a restaurant in the NYC/LI area!! Padrinos! If you're listening...come to NY!! Please!!
After reading the mostly 4 and 5 star reviews we went to Padrino's with great anticipation only to be disappointed by bland and almost tasteless paella and seafood creole. The service was cursory with very little interest from the server and we left wondering if we actually had been in  the same restaurant that the Yelp reviewers had been to.
I went there because of the yelps reviews and did not regret it.  I had arroz con pollo which is chicken with rice.  This dish was prepared deliciously with peas, carrots, roasted red peppers, onions, cilantro, rice, chicken came out piping hot.  It was full of flavor and the rice was cooked to perfection,  My sister had the shrimp salad which she said was delightful.  For desert we both had the flan dessert.  The chicken and rice was very good but the flan was spectacular.  I have been eating flan for over forty years and my sister for over 50 years and we both have never had a flan that had a consistency of creme brulee, light creamy ...heavenly.  I will return for the flan and to try other dishes...keep you posted.
We ate here after looking for a good Cuban restaurant to try in the area. This place had good reviews so we thought we would try it. I would say the place is good. The portions are large. The food was good. The coffee and the sangria were delicious. We got the sampler app and it was good. Overall, i would say dinner was pretty decent. The place is nice and clean. Staff was friendly. Prices were right for what you got.
Beautiful Cuban greeters, live guitar players, amazing food choices - I had the "Vieja Ropa" a bed of rice with shredded pork.  There was too much to eat so I had at least 1/2 pound of pork to take home.   We found this place online and we felt incredibly lucky that we had such a great meal in such an authentic place. One final note, when we first walked in, the customers already there were almost exclusively Latino.
I'm a always looking for good Cuban food, anywhere I go. Stopped by this place while in town on vacation with the family based on the reviews I found on Yelp. I was a little reluctant at first because I was given the impression that this is somewhat of a chain. And it feels like it. We were seated promptly for a Friday night. Our waiter was very nice and knowledgable about the menu. We had very good service. The place smelled so good!!! I ordered the lechon asado and my husband ordered the vaca frita. Food came out fast and it was DELICIOUS!! Both plates were equally good. The accompaniments, the rice, beans, moro, plantains, all, super yummy. The kids chicken platter was also very tasty. I did try the flan for dessert and it was silky smooth with all the right things a flan should be. There was also free live music by an amazing young guitarist. I'll definitely come back here again!!!
We always bring the kids, it's actually my daughter's fav restaurant!  The roast pork is my go to dish.  Mojitos are great!  The plantain chips with garlic sauce are brought to the table (complimentary), when fresh/crispy they are amazing...we've had a few stale batches, but asked for a fresh one and got it with no problem.
Cubano was a little dry and lite on the pickles. Sangria was decent. A lot of food for the price. Nice atmosphere.
I was reluctant to come here with the bad reviews of customer service, but really good food.   I thought ... I'll give it a shot.  My fiancé and I came here last night for dinner.  As we walked in the staff was very friendly and welcoming.  All dressed uniformed with white collared shirts and black pants.  We were seated right away to a very large booth and was introduced by our server.  She was very attentive from beginning to end.  No complaints. Food was excellent.... Complimentary fried salted plantains with a lime garlic dipping sauce... very good.... We also ordered empanadas.... It was two large empanadas cut in half.  It was tasty...  I would prefer more filling rather than the crust, and also they put the cut half of the empanada face down soooo when you go pick it up the filling fell out.  Entrees, fiance ordered the Churrasco Steak and I ordered the Lechon Asado.  Both very good and tasty..... Portions perfectly proportioned.   I'd definitely come again.
Free fried plantain chips, so good! Great place for birthday celebrations!  The food is really good and they are pretty generous with their portions.  The prices are just right!
Every time we are in the Orlando area we go to Padrinos.  We take our friends here also and recommend to everyone who goes to this area.  Love this place.  the food is great, the drinks are great.
Really wanted to like this place.  Service was good but the food was very bland.  Having had excellent Cuban food in Miami. . We were very disappointed.  Bland...Bland. ..Bland
This was an unplanned visit as I was actually thinking of going somewhere else that happen to be closed for vacation. I was very pleasently surprised with padrino's. Ive had my share of cuban food during my time living in Florida and Padrinos is probably one of the better cuban places in Orlando. The service was friendly and the food came out in a timely manner. The location favors the more touristy areas but if you happen to be in this side of town give Padrinos a try.
Fellow Yelpers, My girlfriend had suggested this place to me in the past, but I finally wised up and paid heed to her suggestion this past weekend which yielded great results. Going into places with little to no expectations already gives any establishment an edge over others, it was not any different with Padrino's.  I pretty much just expected your basic run-of-the-mill Cuban restaurant with the usual dishes. The location serves them well as the Hispanic community is very prevalent in the Hunter's Creek area as in its vicinity one will find many other Spanish eateries as well as a Spanish club/bar right next door.   Being a respectful individual and cognizant of consequences to certain actions, I was worried about arriving at a place to eat within thirty minutes of closing time.  However, my girlfriend and I took a chance.  The hostess was very polite as far as her limited English skills allowed her, but we all know communication is all about body language, so a welcoming smile is often enough to convey a message. At first, the waitress seemed to be irked by the fact that we were one of the 'last' patrons to arrive, but it felt as if she slowly warmed up and realized, "they're here, so I may as well just deal with it and be courteous." Perhaps it could also have been my skewed opinion of someone who has trouble dominating the English language as well, which denotes ignorance on my part for I too was once learning English when I immigrated to the United States from Brazil.  Regardless, she ended up being a very good server.   Anyway, enough of my thoughts.  Onto the topic at hand; Padrino's. The interior is not over the top like most Spanish restaurants, I was happy to find booths which did not seem like a whole Mariachi Band was flattened and cut into intricate tile patterns, nor was it just as loud (pun intended).  It instead was just a simple booth and the rest can be seen in my picture of the main dining area.  It was a pleasant environment. Instead of bread, they serve a bowl of Banana Chips (see pictures).  The chips themselves are great and abundant, however the sauce that comes with them is the tour de force of this restaurant.  This 'mojo (moho)' is bar none the best I've had for any accompanying appetizer in any restaurant anywhere.  Taking away the Spanish pronunciation, it is indeed the 'Austin Powers' version of their 'mojo' as well.  I could be happy enough just feeding on this without dinner entrées.  This alone earned the restaurant five stars. What took one star away was my order of the Palomilla with an extra side of sweet plantains instead of the arroz moro. "A traditional Cuban marinated minute steak topped with sautéed onions" sounds like a winner, but it was a bit dry for my taste.  Although for the price and time of consumption, I cannot complain.  The plantains were the dishes' highlight.  My girlfriend had the Vaca Frita which was marginally better, it's a good thing she is generous in letting me finish what she cannot handle. Hehe. Finally the dessert was pretty decent, I did not care much for ordering it, but my girlfriend's sweet tooth decided otherwise.  It was a pretty normal sized piece and it was actually very well done. Overall, I recommend this restaurant as a very affordable and tasty Cuban joint that set itself apart with its Mojo and its Mo-ho... Adios!
This place is a gem amongst the plethora of chain restaurants in the Orlando area. My friend had dined in their South Florida location so when she found them on Yelp, and only 10 miles from our hotel, our destination for dinner was decided. We arrived just after six, so missed happy hour, but that didn't stop us from ordering mojitos. Ah, so tasty. Our server was friendly and on point, helping us decide on our meals. While we perused the menu, she brought out fried plantains with garlic sauce for dipping (their version of a bread basket but WAY more delicious). My friend warned me not to fill up on them b/c we had plenty of food coming, but they were irresistible. We wanted to try it all, so we decided to share the Cuban Sampler (Picadillo Empanadas, Croquetas, Creole Chicken and Chorizo Fiesta Tostones). Loved everything with the exception of the Creole Chicken - it was just OK. For our meals, I chose the Seafood Paella. it was loaded with chicken, scallops, shrimp, mussels, fish, chorizo sausage and langostinos cooked with yellow rice and came with plantains. OMG - it was out of this world delicious! The chorizo really made the dish, though the plump scallops and shrimp didn't hurt either. After all the appetizers we enjoyed, I had to bring the majority of the paella back to my hotel (yay for in room fridge!) It was just as delicious the next day - and I ate it cold. My friend had the Vaca Frita (Marinated shredded flank steak grilled and topped with sauteed onions. Served with arroz moro and sweet plantains). She loved hers as well and also enjoyed leftovers the next day. We ordered Flan and Tres Leches to go, and enjoyed them later at the hotel. We preferred the Tres Leches. You can't go wrong with Padrino's. If I return to Orlando, it will be my first stop.
This is a great restaurant owned and rum by a local family. The food is excellent and the service is fabulous.
Excellent food and service. Skirt steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  If you go you must get the bread pudding with the ice cream.
