Don't be put off by the appearance. It is family owned authentic Latin restaurant.   The food was spot on, hardy portions, and at an affordable price.  It helps if you speak spanish, but not necessary.
I love this place! The staff is super friendly and the food is amazing!  They have some of the best tripletas in town! And food as well. I also tried their asopao de camarones and it is sooo good! Definitely recommend this place if you want to eat a great tripleta.
Hands down best hole in the wall eatery in Kissimmee!! Food was fresh and delicious! Server was friendly and hospitable! Pupusas & Carne Asada to die for!!
This local little gem is excellent. Great cafe con leche, delicious pastry, and the best Cuban sandwich I've ever had, better than Miami and New York. Orlando is a culinary wasteland that serves poor quality slop to the penny-pinching masses. If you want a nice Latino meal that serves REAL food, not packaged slop a la Denny's, IHOP etc, this won't disappoint.
It has been a long time since I have eaten here. My buddy Enrique and I come here for their Pupusas. This bakery is a Puerto Rican and Salvadorian restaurant. They have been in Kissimmee for over 14 years. The locals come for the lunch specials and bakery treats. The people here are super friendly. Lots of Central American warmness in this place. I was greeted with a smile as soon as I walked in. They are open from 7:30am to 8pm Monday to Saturday. They open at 10am Sundays. Nice looking place. Not too small. This place becomes super busy during lunch and dinner. My father in law loves their chicken soup. Everything is made to order. It has always been a hard place to find. 192 traffic is so crazy that if you blink you will definitely miss it. The cafe con leche is always a must. One thing about Kissimmee, you should bring your own Splenda. Only regular sugar here. Breakfast special. Eggs, bacon, ham, toast, and fries. Best breakfast ever! Delicious. Crispy bacon which @tarajroth would love. The toast is awesome with the butter inside. I had them add in the ham because it sounded good, and it was. You usually have a choice of one protein.
One of the oldest and best restaurants in Kissimmee. Staff is extremely friendly and food taste great! The place is a little small, but it's still a great restaurant. I recommend to anyone who wants to eat some Hispanic food.
I love this place for four reasons: 1. Cafe con leche 2. Cuban sandwich 3. Pupusas 4. Friendly staff. :)
Had pretty good breakfast of scrambled eggs with ham, fries and Cuban bread. Good cafe con leche. Some of the dishes other customers were being served looked delicious so I am definitely planning a trip back.
