Soooo happy to have discovered this place, thanks to another yelpers mention!  Owership did a great job with the decor, and staff VERY clean, and well trained employees.  Food was very fresh,  and delicious.  My family and I currently are in the Orlando area vacationing from NY, and always look for new spanish resturants to try. We have this far throughout the years experimented with several, and have been discussed at times, and pleased on others. Either the place has decent food, but has a horrible staff (Tu casa), nice restaurant but over priced mediocre food (Made in P.R) or just soso food, but a dirty establishment with a creepy crowd (Ranchero Latino) ... But this place, was an all around delight.  Super friendly staff, very good food, extremely cute/clean resturant, and reasonably priced! Simply perfect! We found our go to spot in Central Florida from now on! Great job Maracas!
Yummy, I'll be back! Very authentic. Staff didn't speak much English, I just pointed at a special on the menu and voila!
Very consistent, very good food. My go to place for Spanish food. The "Dominicanada" is great and the rice and black beans are awesome. I haven't been disappointed yet
The food is delicious and the service is excellent. The place is clean. Every time I go it's consistent that's why love to eat here. If you're new to Latin food try the Carne Gisada (beef stew) it's amazing.
Loved this place! We were on our last day of vacation and stopped here on a whim and it was awesome! Super affordable, very filling and friendly service.  The chicken and cheese empanadas was delicious. My husband got the garlic shrimp. They were perfectly cooked and in a yummy garlicky sauce. I had the dominicada plate and it was great. We loved the salumi and especially the fried cheese.  Wish we lived closer!
This place is all around great. From the empanadas, to rice(crazy good arroz morro), to meat(pernil), to potato salad.  Who is the chef here?? So delicious. I was visiting my brother in Kissimmee and my family decided to cater Christmas dinner.   Excellent choice.  Full trays of delicious food.  Come here you won't regret it!!
The food is AMAZING!!! You must try the pechuga rellena. It's delicious.   Such a great find. When I am back in the area, I will be back.
Very good food & the staff is very professional. I will definitely return & bring friends... Great Latin food A+
Was looking for good food and found Heaven. This place had some awesome food ! Here on vacation 4th restaurant  this week and so far the best by far and you can't. Beat the price . I can sure see why this place has so many good reviews.
Espresso, pastries, empanadas, etc. Nice little set up. When you walk in it smells like Dominican food. My stomach was growling. Great prices. Nice choices. This was only the picture of the left side of the menu. More choices offered. My choice today was the Dominicanada. Very clean place. To my left were other booths and it is obvious the locals, not the locos, come here and have their breakfast. Lots of empanadas being sold this morning. Small buffet for lunch time. This place is pretty impressive. Good use of space. Nice decor. Very welcoming place. Dominicanada: Fried eggs, sausage, fried cheese, and mangu. This dish hit the spot this morning. All that I ever hoped for and more. Isn't that a song? Great breakfast to start out my day. Now, for me this is just a cultural thing. I am not from the Caribbean, so it's still hard for me to get used to the short answer and reply dialogue. The ladies working at the restaurant are nice and doing their job but there is no small talk involved. I am very much a small talk kind of person. I would ask for a suggestion on the menu and they would just say, "whatever you want". Now, to be clear. They are not being mean or rude, it's just truly a cultural thing. Just not something that I can ever get used to. The mangu was not hot as I had expected it to be. It was warm bordering on cold. The breakfast was delicious. The fried cheese was my favorite. Again, the customer service was the only concern. I am Latino myself so I get it. But still doesn't jive with me.
This place never fails. From breakfast to lunch to dinner this place has got it made. They know what they're doing and the service is always great. You can take food to go or eat there. A few years ago it was a very small place to eat at but they've expanded and have a pretty decent set up for their customers. The fresh squeezed orange juice? Well honestly that's freaking amazing in your mouth! Cafe con leche? What's up? They've even got little deserts if you feel like that's what you want. Arroz con leche yum! Their sandwiches are on point rice and beans delicious. However you like your platanos I'm sure they can make it for you. This is 100% authentic Hispanic food. I'm a regular here. I freaking love this place. They've never ever messed up my order! I feel pretty lucky to live relatively near by.
A hidden gem tucked into a mostly-empty strip mall, Maracas recently expanded to two storefronts. The added space has provided more dining space, including some booth tables, and allowed them to move all of the kitchen equipment into the back. What remains is an amazingly priced selection of Latin food. The roast pork is the best I've had. They offer a brisk "to go" business as well, and for about $7 you can walk away with a dish of rice, beans, plantains, salad and pork -- enough for me to split between two meals.
The shrimp Mofongos were good, but the shrimp were quite overcooked. The beef empanadas are excellent. The Dominican breakfast is good and filling. It is a good value for a meal. My hesitation is that it is heavy food. Not healthy in the slightest. I can't eat it regularly because it is just so calorie-dense.
The food is decent but can be a bit pricey. The coffee is really good and the care of the restaurant has made it much more appealing to sit and eat.  Service has gotten better as it has recently hired more English speakers. A favorite stop for those seeking authentic Latin food in the Kissimmee area.
First of all our waiter had a bad attitude, I think she wanted get out of work. And then another waiter care of us, he was nice. food was good but ordinary. Place is small but clean and very uncomfortable seats.
I make it a point to drive here to get real good Latin food and even considered a detour so I could drive to it. The food is truly authentic and at a great price. The Pernil pork is a staple and I've tried the goat, beef stew, pepper steak and today had their seafood soup (new item). The soup was awesome and I wanted to go back for more. It's been a while since I came by from the other coast, and noticed the renovations adding more dining. Always a favorite and still hope to find one closer to home....haven't yet. So I'll still have to find reasons to go by and bring home a few takeout meals to share with the family. Yum!
I have had takeout from here quite a few times and each time it has been really good. Yesterday, I decided to stop in with the Wife for lunch.  I had the pernil, white rice, beans, and yucca with some macaroni salad. Everything was spot on and tasty. My Wife had the shrimp mofongo with some potato salad on the side. Her potato salad was a bit salty, but the mofongo was delicious. The shrimps were huge and the sauce they put on the side was a nice compliment to the mofongo. All in all, very good food and friendly service.
Found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  Best decision we made.  Great spot.  We have been missing good Dominican food (wife is Dominican) which I only get when her mom comes to visit.  This is the next best thing.  The only negative is that the booth tables are really low and close to the seats, so we opted for a table.  we will definitely be back.
I had my birthday brunch here.  I ordered the "dominicanada" platter which is supposed to have Mangu, salami, eggs, and cheese.  Since we got there a little later in the morning, they were all out of mangu so they replaced it with tostones.  I thought it was a little crazy that they ran out of mangu... it's a Dominican restaurant for crying outloud... it's like saying that McDonald's ran out of french fries!  The cheese was a little soggy, but overall the taste of the food was pretty good.  My friend had the chicken bits or "chicharrones de pollo" with tostones.  He really seemed to enjoy them.  I would definitely give this place another try.  :)
They serve so much food that three people can eat for one order.
Great food and Great service!
You can dine in or take out . I have take out a lot in this place,And dined in once.I feel like you get more portions when you take out. The food is great. The line to order your food depends on the time you go there ,so if you get there at lunch time u might be waiting there a bit.{that's for take out } If you Dine in,if your tall the tables are a bit low.well at least the one i was sitting in. A bit uncomfortable for me. but all in all great food and great price.
The best dominican food all around central fl hands down. The price is great and the restaurant has been renovated. Highly recommended!
great food . Hard to find but when you do yummie
