Best BBQ I've ever had and cheap!!! Family owned since 1971 and training their 4th generation to run the stores! $22 for a feast for 2. Add fresh salad bar with all of the essentials for $2.50 2 ladies for lunch on Saturday - didn't even make a dent on the platter. Amazing amazing taste. Staff? It's like going to nana's house for grub. Best comforting feeling you'll get outside of your own family.
First time here. We are from the UK so really have nothing like this to compare. The nearest you can get is baby back ribs from a pub chain. That said the ribs here are excellent and for those who don't like BBQ sauce, they don't come with it on. They are just wood smoked and the sauce option is up to you. Very good value for money. Would come here again. This the better of the two on the 192. The other is a few miles away in St Cloud.
BEWARE! This place has a dirty kitchen with dirty kitchen workers and dirty practices. ALSO...while I looked into the kitchen as the door swung open, I saw a WAITRESS TOUCHING FRENCH FRIES WITH HER DIRTY BARE HANDS on a customer's plate that she then served to them. YUCK! That is ILLEGAL. I also saw another waitress touching cooked toast with her bare hands. Bare hand contact with cooked food can make you very, very sick.
Maybe it was just the day I went, but the food seemed just average.  Not horrible, but not as good as the ratings made it out to be.  My family and I have just moved from Atlanta, GA where we found some excellent BBQ places and started our search for a new favorite BBQ place here.  I'm guessing we will keep searching.  The most disappointing was the sauce.  They had 4 types to choose from and none of them really did the trick.  The best item I tried was the ribs, they were cooked perfectly.  Everything else was just so-so.  The staff was friendly, and the location was easy enough to find.  The decor seemed very dated, and kind of smelled like my grandmother's house... old and dusty.
We had the ribs and the sauce was outstanding!!  The coleslaw was so-so and the corn on the cob was the best I've ever had!  Service was awesome and very attentive. They refilled my glass before it was even half empty. Definitely well worth going to and repeating often!!!
Clean, wait staff very good and friendly.  They can definitely charge more money for the good portions and awesome taste!
Lady that seated us was nice, but...the place smelled like old grease and in dire need of a deep cleaning, the bbq sauces were all just awful tasting (nausea worthy) and the chicken tasted really funny...the corn on the cob was cooked from frozen (mushy and no flavor), the coleslaw was store bought or at least that's how it tasted and the green beans were straight out of a Del Monte can with no seasoning or butter at all...ick, needless to say, we won't be back...not sure how they have stayed open...
Great service and stuck to your sides biscuits and gravy.
Second trip to this place, about three years apart. Love the down home, old country feel. Food, as before, was great. Ribs were meaty and lean. BBQ beans were down the old fashion way, with some meet ground up in them. Wife got the Senior ribs, which were smaller, but the only $6.50. I simply ordered a side she wanted, the smaller portion didn't matter. ( she also stole one of my ribs). Three sauces, regular, sweet and "hotter." Service was fast and our food arrived hot! Someone mentioned a dirt parking lot. Their lot is paved. The opposite side had a dirt patch you could park on if the lot was full but given the size I can't see that being necessary.  As the server brought our bill she asked if we wanted drinks to take with us. Nice touch! Pricing is about right for what you get and there are lesser priced options.
This little unassuming BBQ place along 192 is a hidden gem. It does feel like a step back in time or at least like you are traveling outside of Orlando - gone are the touristy, over-colored chain-type decor of a lot of places in the area. There are pictures of cows and animals at state fairs when you walk in, then they are serving...those animals? so this is probably a vegetarian's nightmare. Alas, I enjoy meat, so I am okay with this. Service was great - and the food was good. Macaroni and cheese was warm, buttery, and the right style for the typical BBQ mac and cheese. Green beans were the best of my meal - I could just eat them. The sloppy pork was just OK - good, but not amazing. I'd suggest it over most other BBQ places in the area, definitely!
I could only give this place 2 stars, but let me explain...the sloppy pork sandwich was amazing!! I have never had pulled pork so dry that I had to bathe it in sauce just to be able to swallow it. Luckily the sun didn't shine on it directly because it would have caught fire. The French fries were a welcomed change from the delicious and flavorful fries that I have had elsewhere. I really appreciate a good  generic frozen then fried crinkle cut fry over fresh fries any day. The absolute highlight of our lunch experience wasn't all of the crying babies, which there were quite a few, it was the crackhead motel right beside this place. We were actually lucky enough to see a few of the residents zombie walking around the premises Kissimmee has really stepped up it's game and Fat Boys BBQ has answered with the "best it can do" BBQ. So if you are looking for a BBQ joint that will make you crave a McRib combo while feeling you could be attacked by a junkie in the parking lot, look no further, Fat Boys is the place!
Great Place!!! Go there for breakfast once every two weeks or more!!! Have not tried lunch or dinner yet but I sure will. Very friendly place, great food with a great customer service.
Yum! So good that I went there twice in one week when I was on vacation in Orlando! The staff is super sweet, the BBQ is awesome, and the prices are reasonable! I loved the BBQ beans and the sweet potato with the cinnamon butter. Yum yum yum. Wish we had one in Cali!
There was not anything memorable from this visit aside the fact that I felt like I was in a restaurant that was interior decorated in the late 1970s. I am not letting that affect my rating here. The food was good, not great. The service was good, not great. I'm still searching for a BBQ restaurant in the Orlando area that "wow"'s me.
I grew up eating at this restaurant........Good BBQ, GREAT Breakfast! Oh and don't forget to order the beans!
Friendly family restaurant.  The menu includes value meals for two as well as choices in the amount of meat you want on your sandwich along with other dishes. My husband and I split a slab of ribs with garlic bread.  We each had a choice of two sides and the drinks were included.  The ribs were meaty and tasty.  There were two choices for barbecue sauce.  I had the sweet and tangy which was excellent. We both had sweet tea and it was good.  The entire meal was under $24 plus the tip. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Gone here every year when we are down in Florida .  Found it coz all the police cars were there for dinner ,working with police you know if there all there you found a good spot. Ribs are meaty fall off the bone ,pork and beans are he best I ever had !  Prices are great .  Can't wait to come visit again
You're trapped in Celebration, Fl, surrounded by what amounts to the world's largest pit of suburban sprawl, complete with theme parks, malls, chain restaurants, and traffic. An oasis of local, authentic  Central Florida sits in its midst, with a dirt parking lot, and photos of livestock from the county fair. The food is very good, and very cheap. The waitstaff are friendly. They smoke their own meats, and their ribs are excellent. The sides they serve are good and prompt. The portions are generous; you're guaranteed to leave full. It's not the best BBQ in the world, but it's pretty damn good. It's a welcome respite from the World of Disney.
As I mention, we return for the breakfast today. It's a typical American style breakfast, but we both try the breakfast special for $4.95. I had 2 eggs w/ ham, grits and english muffin. Hubby had 2 eggs w/ corned beef hash, home frieds and wheat toast. Good food and portions that will fill you up. But make sure check your bill, I almost got charge for ice tea ($1.95) that I did not have. Overall good place for BBQ and Breakfast when close by.
First, if the BBQ was in my hometown of KC I would rate it closer to a 2+ or 3.  But, I've learned on the east coast to rate within what else is available.  First, the positives; The Price - affordable bbq. The Service - personable and enjoyable.  Great job. The Brisket - while lacking a good smoke flavor or smoke ring the brisket was moist and tender.  Good job. Would have like better... The Ribs - dry and over cooked. The Beans - didn't taste smoked and not my style...but I realize that may be a regional thing. But all in all happy to get a little BBQ on vacation.  Glad to get off the tourist strip.  :)
All though I have lived in the area for years it took me awhile to visit because of the neighborhood and the appearance of the outside of the building. Then they opened the smaller carryout location on Deer Run rd in St. Cloud and I gave them a try. The food was so good that my wife and I decided to give the Kissimmee location a chance. I had the all-you-can-eat ribs, I like the ones at Sonny's and these were even better and when asking for a refill they didn't bring out the 2 or 3 pitiful ribs, like you get at Sonny's, they brought out big, meaty ribs!   The décor was nice as well, with a lot of the history of Kissimmee on display. The only down side was that the server was not very friendly, she was efficient though.
Finally got around to trying Fat Boys since I'm a huge bbq fan! The menu here is quite big! I ordered the bbq sliced beef lunch plate, it comes with 2 sides and 2 pieces of garlic bread, I got the Mac and cheese and coleslaw. Both sides as well as the garlic bread were tasty. The beef was slightly pink, and mostly tender. Hubby had the bbq sliced pork lunch plate. His pork was tender and juicy and as sides he had fries (BORING) and beans, the beans are meaty and almost like a chilli! The table provides 3 types of bbq sauce; sweet, mild and hot. All were good, the mild was a little vinegary for my taste though. So overall this place is good, at least worth putting in the BBQ rotation. Also they serve breakfast till 11am!!!
If you're in the Kissimmee area, there are tons of fast food and chain restaurants, but not many stand-out one-offs. Luckily, there's Fat Boy's BBQ. The food here is tasty, and is a good value. I had a dinner plate for 2, which came with a decent helping of two meats, 4 sides, and garlic toast...plenty of food for two people. The dining area is modestly sized, with clever authentic-looking decorations using ranch brands. All the servers were very helpful.   Overall a great place to eat if you're in the area.
We ordered a TON of food to go. I really liked the sweet sauce, I liked it more than the hot or medium sauce. It was good mixed with the hot sauce too. The hot sauce was ok on it's own, but the medium sauce wasn't good. We had a ton of each sauce though, so it was ok. The chicken, wings, and ribs were very good. You don't even need to use sauce on them, if that's your thing. Brisket was yummy, but not as good as the above. The sides were disappointing. The green beans and macaroni and cheese were both gross, fries were good though. I'd get the wings and ribs again if we were in the area and had a taste for some BBQ, but I would never order any sides. The wings and ribs bumped this review up to 3 stars.
Our clan hit Fat Boy's while on vacation in the Orlando area. We'd seen some good reviews, a couple that I'd consider odd; and decided to check it out for ourselves. Fat Boy's is a very casual place. With one reviewer noting that it was too 'rustic' for them, I have to wonder what was being expected. Sommelier service? It's a BBQ joint for heaven's sake. The menu was simple, with the usual suspects-- BBQ pork, beef, chicken in its various forms. Each comes with a selection of sides-- the mac and cheese got rave reviews from our kids; I thought the BBQ beans were spectacular. The star of the show-- the fleshy, meaty goodness-- was very good, and seasoned with a nice BBQ sauce, with three options for further topping at the table-- a spicy, a sweet and a smokey. The spicy wasn't overly potent-- no one's face is going to melt from eating it-- but it provided a nice kick, and was very tasty. Prices were in the $9-19 range per plate, with the mean around $12-14. The waitress was quite pleasant, particularly since we discovered (after leaving!) that we landed there just before closing. We had no idea at all; none of the attitude I'd expect when sitting down so close to close. In retrospect, I'd wished I'd known, so we could have dropped a bigger-than-the-normal-20% tip. All in all, it's a strong entry, and well worth the side trip; certainly heaps better than the numerous chains and tourist traps in the area. Skip the BS, and visit.
The service was great. The atmosphere is dated on the interior. A lot of unused space. The food was good, but was expecting a higher level on the BBQ. The sweet sauce was great but didn't care for the original. I had the pulled pork, but it wasn't like Memphis style. More closely to North Carolina or Georgia.
All barbecue is weighed against the Kissimmee Fat Boys in my book. We love the casual and laid back style of the joint along with the obligatory "Elvis ate here" sign. Large platters of meats and sides. Charming & efficient  waitresses who have southern hospitality down to a "sweet" tea. Beans are one of my favs. Prepare to get messy in a old fashioned setting. MMMMMLove dem fat boys.
This is why people do not take BBQ in FL serious. Just plain BBQ just barely. No real bite to the meats, and more of a country kitchen then a true BBQ joint. No impressed, wont be back.
I went to this hidden gem with my family (party of 8 plus a 16 month old) and they had a comfy picnic table for us. The staff is extremely friendly and the decor is homey. Our waitress Anna was very patient and sweet. I ordered and loved the sweet tea! My and hubby shared a slab of ribs which was juicy and seasoned beautifully. I would definitely recommend the ribs. It'll definitely feed 2 starving people easily. It came with 4 sides and 2 slices of garlic bread. My dad had the half chicken which was also delicious and the kids had the chicken tenders from the kids meal and it must have tasted good because they cleaned their plates. The portions are a good size meaning you'll definitely be full from 1 order. One order comes with 3 sides and garlic bread. Everyone else in my party ordered the same thing, chicken and we shared the ribs. For sides we ordered the beans (they were good), corn on the cob (that was good), Mac n cheese (kids liked it), fries (ok), cole slaw (ok) and the garlic bread was yummy! I would definitely come back for more!
I eat BBQ all everywhere and consider myself to be a discriminating rib-man. On a recent trip to Orlando, we found Fat Boy's BBQ thanks to Yelpers! This is a GREAT family owned BBQ joint that serves oak-smoked meats in large, reasonably priced portions. It's a shame that there seem to be so few of these family owned restaurants left in the area. Fight the corporations - eat at Fat Boy's! Do yourself a favor and visit Fat Boy's when you're in the area - you'll never go to Applebee's again!
The barbecue is very moist and delicious. Service was really friendly. We got a meal that says feed 2 people but feed a family of 5. The meal was a sample of all the meat they had. It was comforting food I welcome after eating only Disney resort food. If visiting Disney this is a great place for bbq.
Excellent service, excellent prices. The amount of food they give you for the price is amazing. The ribs are good but the chicken is absolutely superb! The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. However, I have had better bbq sauce. I tried all 3 sauces and they were just 'ok'   Oh forgot to mention thaqt their baked beans are killer good!
I wanted to try a local BBQ joint and the other reviews here seemed to indicate this was a good place for BBQ. Based by the looks of the place it seems to be a local favorite, but I'm not sure why. We had chicken and the sloppy pork. The chicken had a nice smoky flavor and crisp skin, but was dry. We also had baked sweet potato that was overcooked. The sloppy pork was just short of mushy. I used the men's room and when I came back I spotted a worker taking a nap, literally stretched out on a bench, at a booth that seems to have been converted to an employee lounge with the local paper spread out on the table. The service was friendly and fast, but we were there in the middle of the afternoon (we were on vacation dining hours). The sweet tea was excellent, just the right amount of sugar. But I have had much better BBQ ... a home in Indiana! If I return to Kissimmee, and I do plan to return, I won't go back here.
Great Breakfasts!
Good, home made grub.  It isn't KC-style to be sure but it's a good locals type of a place.  We had the Feast for 2.  Sure couldn't complain about the price, $24.76 plus the tip and that included the drinks.  My only complaint is that they don't serve butter.  A baked potato with dairy "spread" just doesn't cut it for me.
