Before anyone starts in on me.... Yeah I know this is a 6 month belated review. My family and I visit FL earlier this year (JAN 2014) and found a little gold mine. My hubby was graving for some colombian food... so I YELPED my request and long and behold... OMG!!! This was the greatest find we found. We order a little of everything (BREAD) to try.  And from what I gather from the Hubby Everything was very close or exactly like his hometown. It was soon good that we packed 2 suitcases of the CHEESEBREAD home with us. Yes it was crazy!!!
Get the ham and cheese croissant y usted trae su espanol.   This cute little bakery was a delight to walk into. I'm not big on sweets nor tried any of them, but everything looked immaculate. This place was a great start to my day and everyone I was with enjoyed themselves.
Fortuna has got to be the most clean and modern latin bakery I have ever been to! If you are working your way from the left to right bakery case you have; whole specialty cakes, individual serving sweets, various pastry items, and then specialty savory items. While the cakes and sorts are very appealing; I'm there mainly for their espresso drinks and savory items!  Nothing says ,"Good Morning!" more than their ham and cheese croissant! Get that croissant when they are fresh out of the oven and you'll be golden. Another favorite treat is the arepas de choclo! It's a round sweet corn cake with salty cheese on top. It's probably not the right etiquette, but I love to throw on some hot sauce to give it a kick! Oh, definitely order a cafe con leche if you are craving a caffeine fix. If you want full decadence then ask for their whip cream and cinnamon topping. Service can vary pending on who helps you. Check it out and let me know what you think!
Very impressed... It's very clean inside they have the sweets,  pastries,  empanadas,  Cachapas  and bunuelos,  the "chuleta can-can"  or that's what it looks like to me... and way more. The bunuelos were good... Cachapa was good but very heavy... as in you'll be full after 3 bites. I'm afrolatina and I know Spanish and by their demeanor they do seem to treat their own people  better.. I but get that same vibe from the south Florida colombian and Venezuelan restaurants too. But the food is good and  very cheap. The 1 Cachapa and bunuelos was $4
This place is clean, friendly and delicious. The coffee is very good, and everything I've tried is wonderful. My favorite item is the hawaiian croissant...ham, cheese and a yummy, not too sweet, pineapple sauce in a fluffy croissant. TRY IT!
This place stays busy for a reason, because they're awwwwwesooooome!  Everything is fresh and delicious.  My personal favorite is a cheese croissant with a cup of coffee.  The croissants are so buttery, flaky and filled with cheese.  It is pure goodness.  I've tried a couple of pastries as well and they've not disappointed.  If you're in the area, they are worth the visit.  Heck, they are worth the drive even if you're not in the area.
Nice spot, very much a bakery. They had several options and the selections were a combination of traditional desserts and South American desserts.  I had a canoli, it was not quite a canoli as most would expect.  Overall, good atmosphere and a nice after coffee place.
Ate at the Paella House around the corner and came here for a lil desert for the "lil one." Not worth the $3 for a small piece of cake. Got something with a strawberry glaze on it. The cake was simple and moist,but the glaze was nothing to get excited about. We got in right before the crowd of alot of people. We had a little table ,but the entire vibe was kind of messed up with so many booties in  your face (small area). Hmmm, I'll pass. Thanks.
Wow.  We came for breakfast and everything looked incredible.  If you're looking for breads, pastries and great coffee then this is your place.  We had the guava and cream cheese turnover and Hawaiian (ham, melty cheese and pineapple) and both were amazing.  Flaky and sweet and were fantastic. We also had a couple of the best cappuccinos we've ever had.   We had to take a ham and cheese croissant to go.  It had a huge slice of malty white cheese (which wasn't processed.  I should have asked what it was!) And some great ham.  It was again fantastic. The staff was also very friendly. We will be back!
Update: They have placed tags in front of all their desserts, so I'm adding the 5th Star. Their tasty treats continue to be delicious and service is always very pleasant in more ways than one.
One word, pastries. This is the spot to get a cafe con leche and a pastry. They also have various empanadas and other filled savories. The quatre leches in a cup and the tiramisu in a cup were amazing, as was the gingerbread and the coconut macaroons. The staff were very helpful and speak both English and Spanish fluently. They explained some of the items we weren't familiar with. Probably too well because I ended up with a good sized to go bag. Also, try the oatmeal milk, don't ask, it's very very good.
The pastries were so delicious. Lots to choose from. For that I give 5 stars. However need to take a star away because they didn't explain the selections too clearly. Wanted to buy a big loaf of bread and when we got it and ripped into it it was filled with cheese. But overall yummy
Used Yelp to find a great place for dessert. After eating great food all week, we needed to top it off with great dessert. Fortuna was a great small place. The pastries were delicious and everything looked appetizing. Fortuna is very clean and the service is great. The staff was very helpful since this was our first visit and explained the products behind the counter.
Such delicious bakery food. My husband and I got a few things to share and they were all tummy. Empanadas, Latina style cheese sticks (one of my favorite things), and many more hot pastries. And their dessert selection! I had an even harder time deciding what dessert to get (seriously you can't eat here and not get a dessert!), because they all looked fantastic. My only thing is that I wish they had tags telling me what everything was. I felt bad because I had to have the lady tell me  what every hot pastry and every dessert was. I know they make different things everyday, but how hard is it to make a card that reads "beef empanadas"? Some of it you can figure out, but you can't tell the difference by sight which is the ham and cheese and which is just cheese
BEST ham and cheese croissant ANYWHERE. Yummy chicken pastry, I prefer the baked one, not the fried one. Make sure to get the "pique". And gotta love their almojabanas. What to drink? A nice cold "Colombiana". For sweets, that's what you first see and there's so much to choose from! I recommend the cuatro leches, it comes in a cup. I used to love the tiramusu but now it's in a cup and they changed the recipe - doesn't taste the same. Too much of that thick white cream on the top AND bottom. If I get my old tiramusu I'll bring the rating back to 5 :) Enjoy!
WOW! Obsessed with the Cafe con Leche and tres leches dessert. Great modern Colombian bakery. Strongly recommend the spinach empanada. Que Rico!
Simply delicious and lots of variety! Prices are decent too. We're definitely making a stop by here every day for the rest of our vacation.
Heard good things about this place for long. Finally checked out this bakery shop. Ordered cheese bread, ham & chesee crossiant, spinich ball, and arepas along w cafe con leche. Overall it turns out to be okay and does not exceed our expectation. Out of all, arepas was the best pick. Service quality was not above average. If this is the premier bakery in Orlando, disappointed.  Bon Voyage for best bakery in Orlando. This place encourages us to look for the best in Orlando.
I love this place can't stop from coming to get a great pastry and delicious breads. It's a very nice environment, clean and well decorated. Which make the presentation of the food eye opening. I will never stop from coming by to grab a great bite.
One word. DANG! Nice. Check out the place. I have truly been surprised with these small Latino businesses and their ability to look stylish. Nice little selection there of treats and goodies. KB said she had come for breakfast one time before and she loved it. They had so many sweets. So much to choose from. How were we supposed to decide. Finally, JB took the plunge and ordered a few. I followed with my order as well. Since we were too full from dinner, we decided to get them to go. White chocolate cake, Mocha, and for baby girl the Tres Leches.  AMAZING stuff.
The moment you walk in you are greeted by a large case of decadent pastries, pies and cakes. I was so overwhelmed I didn't know where I was supposed to go to order. After figuring it out, I look at the menu and its almost entirely in Spanish. I was the one that took french in high school, so I know very little Spanish, but I do know Spanish food items. I wasn't hungry enough for a large lunch, and work had been busy so I just needed something to go. So I ordered a Beef Empanada( Empanada Colombiana), Chorizo Arepa, and a slice of cake like pastry. I just picked one that looked pretty. The Empanada's are smaller than I had originally thought. I would have bought 2 or 3. Savory, a nice crispy outside with warm juicy beef and potatoes on the inside. I was under the impression my Arepa would contain the chorizo. I've ordered cheese arepas before and thought it would be similar. What I got was a dense arepa and a large chorizo sausage next to it. The chorizo was perfect. The right kind of meaty spicy flavor that was cooked perfectly, the casing wasn't rubbery and was easy to bit into, while eating it I thought. Maybe I should just buy my chorizo from there when I go to make a recipe. However I did not like the arepa itself, it was really dense, like a hockey puck, not dry but too dense to get down without taking a drink. I will admit perhaps on this one my ordering skills were not up to par. The disappointment with the Arepa may just be what I had envisioned versus what it really was. Next time I'll just order chorizo. The Dessert immediately lifted me back up. I honestly don't know the name I just told her, I'm this one. On my receipt it says Postres Grande $2.75. That's a Vague name meaning any single slice of pastry dessert. It was like clouds in your mouth, it was an airy cake with a very airy type frosting. It tasted of the spices of carrot cake with cappachino coffee vanilla goodness. Now I know where to go when I'm cooking my husband a nice romantic dinner but don't have time to make a dessert. Service was nice, but I came around lunch time and the place was pretty packed. My over all thought was that I could have asked more questions to find out what I may enjoy the most. As far as the desserts go you don't have to know what they are, they all look scrumptious.
This bakery has fantastic food.  Every time I'm in Orlando, I make sure to stop in and get anything and everything from cheese bread to chicken empanadas.  I haven't even made it to the beautiful desserts they have, but just walking in you're mesmerized by the case of goodies.  I can't recommend this spot enough! The staff is extremely friendly and patient as you pick out what you'd like.  Also check out their selections of soups and of course their Cafe con Leche!
I stopped in here today for a quick visit with a friend and was won over instantly. The place was definitely a local hangout and everyone there seemed to know each other and were friendly, even to strangers like us. Saying they have a large selection is like saying Florida is warm. There was easily over thirty types of sweet pastries. Then cups with different sweet delicacies. If you want something savory there are empanadas and meat filled pastries and finally a whole menu section on bread, maybe ten types. I had a chicken empanada which was very flavorful with a delicious crust. After that I tried a cup of dulce de leche, a cake soaked in a sweetened condensed milk sauce and topped with a light, almost mousse like cream. My companion had a tiramisu which she thoroughly enjoyed. All this plus two drinks was less than twelve dollars and large portions all around.
We probably love everything here. 面包是甜酵母做的，酒味扑鼻，并且极具渗透力：我们放在车里面结果全车都是酵母香味。后悔买少了。 店员非常和善，我们丢的包打个电话就解决了，给我们留了好几天。真是感人至深，泪流满面！ 这里是西班牙语区，店员和客人都讲。
This place is the perfect side trip from the touristy breakfast places in the Orlando area. We were staying at the Hilton Orlando, near Sea World, and we visited this bakery twice during our trip. Well worth the 10 minute drive southeast. The location is in a small shopping center and pretty easy to get to with navigation (Google Maps). The interior is small with about 10 tables and high chairs are available for any kiddos. The first thing you'll notice when you walk in are the display windows of baked goods. The first part is desserts and as you keep walking, you'll see the delicious pastries. Our order was generally 2 cafe con leche's, a juice of some sort, a pastelillo of guava and cheese, fresh baked croissants stuffed with ham or cheese or both and a meat stuffed pastry. All of this generally came out to $14 for our family of 3. You could get out of there with a cafe con leche and a pastry for under $5 easily. I didn't give them 5 stars because on our first trip they were out of the ham & cheese croissants. Being 6 months pregnant and hungrier than a hippo, it was a let down. But they had them the next time we came in and it was delish. Other than that, this place won't fail to disappoint!
Love love love this place. Although the menu is in Spanish, even knowing the most basic terms should get you by. This place is a must visit if you are ever in Orlando, even if you've never had Latin foods before. Between the empanadas, arepas, tamal, pandebono, and a whole glass case filled with pastries and cakes - there's plenty worth trying or repeat eats. Literally everything was good plus extremely reasonable prices. Standouts: the choclo con queso arepa, pandebono, and the dulce de leche covered Napoleon cake thing. If you're not sure what to order, just point in the case or ask someone for help. Everyone was very nice and patient to help! Word of caution, the place was continually packed but it is totally worth the wait!
Yum!!! Great food. Ham & cheese crossiant and chk empanadas are amazing. Clean and trendy atmosphere. Friendly younger staff. Must try.
Not our first Latino bakery but we both agree the best so far.  Apple pastry was sweet, flaky and full of apple.  The white chocolate vanilla layer cake excellent and invites our future sampling of other varieties.   The chicken empanadas and beef/potato empanadas selections will be repeated once we have tried some of the other choices.  Didn't have room for coffee this time.  We shall return and with friends.
Stopped by this place to get some empanadas for breakfast for our trip to Miami. It was a nice bakery with plenty of pastries to choose from. Personally, I thought the chicken empanada was too dry, however the beef one was pretty tasty.
Great place to try new foods! Staff is really helpful & friendly!
Thanks to all the reviews on yelp i was able to enjoy this place w my family this past week,great customer service,great empanadas and everything else also the place was clean and they have fast service ,been from Texas we don't know what to order so they where very helpful and give us some great recommendations ,for sure our next trip to Orlando we will visit again!!
Aside from all the of the beautiful Latina chicks that come here, their food is amazing as well.  I was in Orlando on business for a week, once I found it, I came here every morning.  Everything I tried, from the Cafe con Leche, Arequipe, Empanadas, to the Ham and Cheese pastry, was great.  Prices were super cheap too, so that made it even better.  If I had a place like this near my house, I would definitely have to be in a motorized wheel chair.  If you are within 30 minutes of this place, it's worth the trip.
this place was really really yummy and there's so many bakery goods to choose from.  however, my faaaaaaaaaaavorite part was definitely the empanada with meat, potatoes, and peas. they also have a great selection of guava pastries. i almost rolled out of my chair from my first bite of the sweet goodness.  I love yelp for helping me find this little nugget. the menu on the wall was mostly all in spanish. also, aside from my group though, everyone who walked in spoke Spanish.  the ladies were so helpful in recommending different things to order & telling us what each item was. Seriously, this place should be on Rachel Ray's show $40/day.  The girls and i all ordered a drink + 2 bakery items for $5. How cheap for breakfast!
I have been coming here for years and even when the business was sold to new owners they managed to keep the quality of the food and service. Great pastries, cakes and bake goods! They specialize in venezuelan/Colombian items. I recommend pan de bono, buñuelos and pan de queso! Pretty much anything you order here is going to be good. They are very nice behind the counter if you have any questions, just ask away.
What an awesome place! So authentic. Incredible service done the Latino way. We were the only non-Spanish speakers there. We loved their empanadas and they had these perfectly round cheese rolls that melt in your mouth. They also make delicious juices right there in the store. I'm not a huge fan of arepas - too greasy! We will come to this place every time we are in Orlando!
Yeah - I got to go back.  This bakery does not disappoint.  This time we tried new things (we think).  Anyways, it was all good.  The sausage (chorizo) is always one of my favs.  Next, I need to have the dessert before the pastries but it's so hard to do that when you see everything!!!!
It's a small candid bakery offering an array of delicious savory and sweet pastries. It also offers lunch items like arepas with cheese and chorizo, arepas de choclo, chicken soup, tamales, etc. It has all the sweets you can think of. I love all of their strawberry desserts. To put it simply,  I'm a fan of strawberries so I might be biased when I review anything containing this decadent fruit. Someone got me a strawberry cake from there once on my birthday, and it was a total hit with me and the rest of the guests. I don't know how it's called, but it's round covered with butter-cream in its entirety with strawberries on top and almonds around the sides. I always order the same things: A Venezuelan Beef Empanada (I like this one because it's big and with no potato) and a Palito de Queso which translates to cheese sticks. If you have had Tequenos before, it is the same thing. Countries call it differently. They also have good coffee which you would expect since it's a Colombian bakery. I also order a soda called Colombiana, - A kola champagne. It has a fun and delightful flavor to it, so much so that I've declared it one of my favorite sodas of all time. I cannot emphasize enough how excellently tasty their Almojabanas and Pandebonos are, especially when they're hot right off the oven. The Pandebono  is made of corn flour, cassava starch, cheese and eggs.The cheese seems to be blended in with the bread batter. Similarly, the Almojabana is made out of corn flour, eggs, cheese and may have other ingredients. The cheese is also mixed with the batter. What differentiates these two scrumptious breads is that the Almojabana does not have cassava. These two breads remind me of my favorite bakery in Medellin,Antioquia which had the most exquisite Pandebonos and Almojabanas in the entire city. No other bakery in that city could equal its delectable taste. Fortuna Bakery in Orlando, FL replicated the flavor exactly. I wonder if they are the same owners of that bakery in Medellin. I don't know, but I'm just happy to be able to have access to these tasty treats again.
Comfort Food for me.....2 Colombian Empanadas, 1 Pandequeso and a Jugo de Parcha(Passion Fruit Juice in water) en agua. Yummmmm. The ladies are always very nice and helpful. LOVE La Fortuna!!!!
Amazing mini desserts, so you can take home a few!
Awesome and inexpensive
The empenadas were amazing!
I was excited to see really good reviews. We happened to be in the area and stopped in for breakfast. It happened to be about 10am on Friday, the display case was not very full. I figured we missed the breakfast rush, but I was looking for a menu since I seen other reviews on yelp of egg dishes being ordered. My husband and I waited patiently for assistance. A lady came out from the back swallowing her food as she asked us if we needed help, while wiping her mouth! First off that was a turn off. I really did not want to see the crumbs come off of your mouth as you asked me for my order. Anyway, my husband asks her for a menu she says there is none. She explains what can be made. He orders scrambled eggs w/ slices of ham and toast. First off, I can make this at home! I went out of my way for something special. I would give it a 1 star but cafe con leche was fine and if I had not lost my appetite I would have eaten the empanada my husband bought for me.
Was looking for one last place to visit while in Orlando. This time we wanted empanadas. Looked here, found the Fortuna Bakery and off we went. Sadly, we don't have a panaderia like this near us in Richmond. You walk in to four cases. The first is cakes, followed by smaller pastries, cookies and finally with cachapas, empanadas, and pastels. We ordered a coffee, latte, two empanadas (Venezuelan) with pollo and two pastels (Colombian) with pollo. My wife also ordered Venezuelan cheese to take home. My wife really enjoyed the latte, we both loved the empanadas and liked the pastels. Frankly, the pastels would have been a tad better with less chicken to get the full flavor. We achieved this the manual way. The cost for all of this, plus a chocolate milk for my son was just over 19 dollars. A real good deal for the quality of everything served. Certainly a wonderful way to end our visit to Orlando!
