Yum!! We used the urbanspoon app to search for a place that served breakfast along our road trip route. This diner had a good rating so we decided to give it a try. Both my husband and I ordered a "create your own omelet" which included 4 ingredients of your choice for under $7. The omelet came with choice of bread & potatoes. Our food was delicious and the waitress was extremely nice & accommodating. After having plenty of coffee, they gave us another for the road at no extra charge. If you are looking for ambiance, I wouldn't recommend. Nothing thrilling about the decor.  The food was delicious and in the end, that's what matters.
Food was really good. I had the Three egg special. Comes with hash potato or home fries,toast or biscuit and gravy and bacon or sausage. 7.89 The only thing is that this place is often busy and not very big... So they are a bit slower than your average breakfast diner. But the menu also has great lunch and dinner options like steak, pork loin, burgers.. Definitely worth a try.... So get going!
We eat breakfast here every time we are in Kissimmee.  Always loved it. Also try the sandwiches.  The burgers are the best in the area. Good price too. Sweet waitresses good service. Best diner I know in central Florida.
Here is an obvious local favorite, where they don't make outsiders feel unwelcome.  I do a lot of traveling, and sometimes small local diners like this can be risky for out-of-towners.   Anyway, amazing food, excellent prices!  I had a killer $5 breakfast with the best bacon I've had in a while.  Staff is friendly, and the service is quick, even when the place is busy. Second time during my trip, I ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  Very natural, fresh flavor, it was a great meal.
This diner serves some of the best home cooking I have had in a long time.  Recently I stopped in for an Italian sausage hoagie and got a cup of the fifteen bean soup that was on the special menu for the day.  The hoagie was as good as it usually is, and the soup was outstanding. This was the first time I saw this soup on the menu.... I hope the cook makes it again soon.
Not bad but not great. I think they have a fly problem because I saw multiple flies around my table as I ate. Staff is friendly for the most part.
Enjoyed stopping here, gave me a sense of being back home. The owners are super friendly & the waitresses are very accommodating. I enjoyed my lunch immensely. I had the reuben but intend on coming back for breakfast and supper! A definite recommend to friends. My friend had the BBQ sandwich, mushrooms & then also ordered the meatloaf after watching a savory plate pass by us. Dont forget to try the strawberry/rhubarb pie!
One word: Scrapple! If you want a good diner breakfast, and you're from Philadelphia, this is your place!
Great food for a diner and great service.  The special fish sandwich was creamy and not at all fishy. The onion rings were also tasty as was the garlic bread. Definitely good quality for the price.
This my favorite American diner in town. Service is great, food is great and nice atmosphere. They have this $12.99 for two offer, you can't beat that. I have brought my family and friends there and they like it too. Servings are large too. Will be definitely be back again.
I was directed here by Yelp once again and was so glad we did. The place has a western theme but it's quaint. The servers all call you sweetheart and honey and you feel right at home. Everything we ordered was delicious. I of course ordered the country fried steak (my ultimate comfort food) and was pleased with everything on my plate. We had a order of pancakes that were perfect as well. We are down here for DW once a year so we will for sure stop by here each visit.
This is a cute diner in which they serve breakfast from opening to closing. I am a FANATIC of breakfast foods so I figured why not stop in and enjoy the local flavor? Went with a cousin and we joked about how we were going to have some really greasey food. What else could you ask for when you wake up? The decor is true to the name, Rodeo. You forget you're in Kissimmee and could be in Texas for all you know when you walk inside. I love when places really go all out with the theme and this place is no exception. I had crumbled eggs, bacon and two fluffy pancakes. I think it was the rodeo special but I'm not one hundred percent sure. The eggs were standard but I would have liked a bit more if them, the bacon was very good and the pancakes were REALLY good. I might have skipped everything and just had pancakes. The service was nice and the place is informal, which I also like. When I'm in the area again I feel like I would have fun coming back here, but I might try something else.
This is my favorite breakfast place in Kissimmee.  The portions are huge and cooked to perfection.  They always get my eggs perfect.  That's a big plus.  The pancakes are delicious and enormous.  Bacon is always perfect as well.  They do a pretty good patty melt for lunch too. I have to say this isn't a place for people who like to eat healthy.  You gain weight just looking at the menu. This isn't a fancy place by any means, but the food is good and the waitstaff are friendly.  It's a very old fashioned diner.  Like stepping back in time. You seat yourself and the menus are on the table. Good food, cooked the old fashioned way, friendly waitresses and a sweet little old lady running the register on the weekends.  What more do you need?
Pretty good, but kinda pricey in my opinion. I had a chicken sandwich and fries, and it took a while to get. The place was a bit cramped inside. On a positive note, the waitress was nice.
I almost always eat at The Rodeo Diner when I am on my way back home from South Florida and am passing through on the Turnpike.  The food is GREAT.  I highly recommend the Country Fried Steak with mashed potatoes.
