This is a favorite Tijuana Flats location - always clean, always good consistency and flavor. You may think there isn't a difference between locations, but there is. It's minor, but it's there. I've reviewed Tijuana Flats itself before (a few other Orlando locations). It's delicious - the height of tex mex fast food for sure. Try the queso and guacamole - both are delicious. I love the beef quesadilla the most. The olives, onions, peppers, etc. are inside the quesadilla, just how I like it. The meat is not fatty, watery, or gritty - it's moist, the right texture, and seasoned perfectly. My second favorite are the flautas. Deep fried little rolls of meat and cheese in tortilla? It's delicious.
Mmmm...queso.  I think they have other items, but who cares???  QUESO! Ok, so their chimichanga is great, the tacos are delish, and you can get your order "Power Light," which is light cheese and fat-free sour cream.  Which leaves more calories left over for QUESO! Yes.  I love their queso.  And when you get their appetizer chips and queso and eat in, they'll refill the queso for free (at least they did at this location, for which I am grateful, 'cause some people hog the queso...) Altogether YUM!
Had a Chicken and Refried bean burrito. Awesome! Wife had a Steak Salad with avocado ranch dressing and loved it. The atmosphere is great, service was wonderful. My new favorite place to come eat in Orlando!
This is my FAVORITE location and look forward to going there. The service is always top notch and I just love the food. Consistent and affordable, what more can you ask for?
Good fresh Tex-Mex food. On Tuesdays get two large tacos (hard or soft) and a drink for $5.99. Nachos are good, served on flat crispy tortillas. Great salsa bar. Not traditional salsas, mostly compare them to hot sauces. Some sauces sweeter or hotter. The staff is always super friendly and helpful. The restaurant is clean with outdoor seating available.
I don't understand how this place has four stars. We both ordered a chimichanga and we were both served a soggy rolled up tortilla covered with sour cream. Chimichangas are supposed to be fried so they are crunchy on the outside, not a tortilla right out of the fridge rolled up. This place is disgusting.
They served the poorly executed flautas with  Velveeta cheese dip. Nothing else to add.
First time here and it was fantastic! The friendly staff walked us through the order process, got my daughter a high chair and bib without being asked and were super helpful. From the guacamole to the burrito and quesadilla, we were extremely pleased with everything we ordered. This was a great find for a quick delicious dinner.
I come almost every week. It's very easy for me to say this is by far my favorite place to go. First off the staff is amazing the girls who work there are so sweet and efficient! The food is great everything I ever ordered was great but if you are looking for something special please try the cookie dough flautas.. Me and my boyfriend love them! I have been to the sand lake location plenty of times but this location is much better!
This is my favorite 'fast food' type of Mexican but it tastes always so fresh and you have so many options yet the price is just right. I've literally had their entire menu. My favorite are the flautas, chimichangas, tostadas and the chips and salsa. The sauce bar takes it to another level as you can choose exactly what edge you want to give your food. I love the Smack My Sweet Ass sauce, I could drizzle that over anything. Now that I think about it I think I want this for dinner! I love going here with a big group from work because they're very vegetarian friendly and they also have low-calorie options that taste just as good and you don't feel that guilty.
We have eaten at this location several times, have tried different dishes and the food has been OK but the portions seem to get smaller on each visit, the salad is definitely not appetizing. We will be trying other locations before any further thoughts.
Great quick tex-mex style food! I live closest to the HC location, but I have been to 5 different T-Flats locations & no matter which location, the food is always great & the staff are awesome! I highly recommend Tijuana Flats!
The staff is always friendly and helpful. The sauce bar is awesome and has something for everyone.
This place was great. They had someone open the door for my friends and I as soon as they noticed us coming. The other guys brought all of our food directly to our table offered to get us refills. I got the loaded nachos with everything on it and although I'm a total sucker for nachos these were completed to perfection they almost enough for two for a light snack or appetizer. Tried to sample all kinds of hot sauces but it's like a kid in a candy store you don't really know where to start. The out door seating was pleasant in the afternoon not too many people and was a very nice hang out spot for my friends and I. Looking for a nice weekend chill place this Tijuana Flats was excellent!
Great place that is located on nearly every block here in Orlando!! I live near the Hunters Creek location, so I am a frequenter of it not only for the convenience, but the excellent food and always great service!!! I am a nacho freak, so I usually go with the chicken & steak nachos prepared all the way...Have yet to be disappointed. Plus the sauce bar adds a touch of truly anything you can imagine with mexican food from mild and fruity to literal bum burning!! Oh, also...I have had a hard time finding a good cup of sweet tea in this area and of course, this place has one!
Honestly I didn't like it but the food isn't so bad. It's 50/50.   It is more like a fast food chain.  And the chips were crumbs. I won't come back here. Mainly because I love real south of the border Mexican food and it just doesn't cut it here.  If you are a fan of Texmex than enjoy but other than that I'd suggest eating somewhere else.
They have the friendliest staff I have ever seen. Whoever does the hiring/training deserves kudos.
If you have ever lived in the West or Southwest, you will not like this place.  That being said, kudos for going after the local flavor profile and locals do seem to love this place.  No complaints about the nachos but I cannot recommend the tacos or burritos.
I love Tijuana Flats! This isn't my regular location but a friend and I were in this part of town for an event and things were not going as planned. We left for lunch and decided on TF because we both love it. The guy who took our order was super nice and hooked us up with some gingerbread flautas because we were having a craptastic day.  I didn't catch his name but he was super tattooed and super awesome! Thanks for helping cheer us up!
This food is sooooo good! It's like crack ;) I love being able to order over the phone and pick up... The hot sauce bar is all sorts if spicy fun, I'm going to try them all... Eventually.
This Tijuana Flats location is super friendly. Extremely friendly with Quick Quality service. I had beef Flautas to go and they gave me plenty of cheese sauce, guacamole and sour cream. The food is typical Mexican burrito bar kind of food. Bit it hits the spot when you are craving fast Mex food but don't want to lower yourself to Taco bell standards. The store it's self is funky and fun, The murals and bumper stickers stuck everywhere gives you a lot to look at. The hot bar is pretty neat, although it may kick your ass. All in all Tijuana Flats is a great local chain. They also do catering for parties which is great if you don't want to spend a lot of money and effort into making your own food.
I love it here! I've been going literally every day for the last 10 days. Everyone is so nice they remember your name, sometimes greet you at the door... My new favorite place!
This place is awesome. The food is pretty damn good and the service is great. I actually got a job there for one day to try and meet ppl when I first moved to Orlando. However, because I work at home my schedule conflicted too much and I had to quit. The one day I worked there I learned that all the food is completely fresh and high quality. They don't even have a walk in freezer! That sealed the deal for me. Even though its a little awkward going in there now I still go anyway! First this place reminds me of Austin, TX with the tattoo like murals on the walls. Next, the service is all about the customer. You walk in to the cash register where you order and pay/tip. They hand you your drink and you find a place to sit. While i'm waiting the few minutes for my food to come out I usually check out the hot sauce bar. I like how they bring the food out to your table and read off your order to you so you know its correct. Their food is soo good for a taco/burrito bar even their salads are tasty. The only thing I would be aware of is their jalapenos. I absolutely love jalapenos and will eat them right out of jar but the ones at Tijuana Flats are fresh so they are soo HOT. Other than that is a great place to eat with high quality food at a low price.
Ordered:  Chicken Tostadas, Steak Taco, and 2 kids taco meals. Highs:  Fresh, fresh, fresh.  This is what keeps me coming back.  I always feel that they take the idea of fresh very seriously and it shows in the quality of their food.  I love the salsa and my kids always get a kick out of the murals, painted ceiling tiles and tattooed/pierced-but-friendly staff.  Plus the story of how it was started by a UCF grad fresh out of school is very cool and impressive! Lows:  Somebody please post directions on how the heck service is supposed to happen.  I walk up, order and then pay.  (Good so far).  Then sometimes I get my drinks right away and sometimes they tell me to sit and then they'll bring them.  (starting to add stress).  Then we sit down and our food is brought out to us.  (back to good).  As we sit, roving staff offers to refill our drinks.  (getting better).  At the end of the meal, my table is bussed for me, but somtimes I take it to the trash myself. (back to stressed and confused). Do I tip?  All the time, or only if I get a whole lot of service?  Message to the TJ exec team:  "Don't let a great high quality product get derailed by confusing potentially loyal customers!" Overall:  Will continue to go back because the food is tasty, fresh, and very reasonably priced.  However, I would be lying if I said the service issue didn't cause me to pick a different place sometimes.
Tacos?  Yes please!!! I got their taco special, 2 tacos, chips and a drink...With a side of salsa. I am still amazed at the size of the tacos.  They are pretty big and very tasty.  I did add some hot sauce to my salsa and tacos but it was not too hot.  Tried the "slap my ass and call me sally" and the Mexican hot sauce. Both were very yummy! For the low price you get quite a bit of food and I have to say I was not overly full when I left.  :) Yummy!
Good tacos, friendly service,  and a teacher discount! the sauce bar is a great place to get adventurous with the varying types-sweet to  hott! The sauces alsi have funny names to make it more interesting!   The company story is a good one as well.
Don't eat here. They are so stingy with their portions. it's sad. I've been there multiple times hoping I just got skimped out on by accident, but each time I go it seems to get worse. I've had chicken tacos at this location multiple times, and every time there is literally 3-4 little square cubes of chicken in each taco. I complained and they said that's how they serve them to everybody...pathetic. Oh and they won't refill your side order of queso for free like at other Tijuana Flats locations. I'll stick to the Sand Lake and Orange TFs.
Great food! Of course it's not authentic Mexican, but it's worth the while. I'll take it before Abuelos anytime. Try the flautas, they're delicious. There is a nice bohemian vibe to the place.
One of my favorite places to eat in Orlando! My husband and I go here at least 2 times a month and are never disappointed. I've ordered many things off the menu, but these are some of my favorites: beef or chicken flautas the queso dip to dip them in is the best, the enchiladas with verde sauce, and the banging chicken something or other. All the food is fresh and you can really tell the difference. They also have a great hot sauce bar to pick from. The service is usually pretty good. They come around and fill up your drinks when low..and there is just something about crushed ice. Also to all the teachers out there..bring your id. They give a discount :)
Taco Tuesday!!  $5 gets you two tacos, chips and a drink - hard to resist.  They have a good selection of Mexican food, good prices and an incredibly large amount of sauces which are all self service.  For desert, I definitely recommend the Cookie Dough Floutes (sp?).   Pros:  Good selection of food.  I've only ever gone on Tuesdays and their $5 special is hard to beat!  Big tacos and fast service. Cons:  Small location, can get a little loud - but totally worth it!
Flautas Enough said
This is a great place to eat & I've never had a totally bad experience at any location.  Been to this place twice now and had 5-star experience both time, but 5-star food & 3-star food the two times.  Really, the food is fresh and not too poorly done at all, often excellent.  It's a great experience! My only complaint was the burrito I had tonight. I usually don't order the jalapeños in my burritos, but I did this time.  In the whole medium-size burrito, I had 3 slices of jalpeño, but all 3 were raw, crunchy, and fully seeded.  The first one I bit into kinda ruined the flavor for the rest of the burrito.  But that's one bad experience & shows me not to order jalapeño again.  The rice & beans were yummy & of course the chips & queso were great!
I love Tijuana Flats.  Very casual, almost punkish ambience.  Reasonable prices.  Great food. I love  the chimichangas with cheese and queso on top.  The tostadas are also good and surprisingly filling.  Plus, they have a salsa/dip/sauce bar with about a dozen different flavors of varying degrees of spiciness (I prefer the sweet mild ones). To finish as dessert, I recommend the flautas that you dip in hot fudge.  Delicious. Now, I'll tell you why Tijuana is a favorite.  It has personality. The walls are painted with comic-style heroes and villains, while plastic lizards hang from ceiling tiles which are usually also decorated with colorful artwork.  The servers are friendly and very casual, and usually sport piercings and/or tattoos.  In this particular chain, that's cool not menacing. The bar with the different salsas is fun.  You can grab a bunch of mini-containers and some house chips and taste them all. Quick, casual, friendly, cool, affordable, tasty.  There you go. What else do ya want? Oh, I don't recommend Taco Tuesdays.  Too many people, workers get stressed, food is not at its best.  Yeah, you save money but get a lesser experience.
Really great place for a quick bite. The Tijuana trio is a must to start... It's chips with guac, salsa and the best queso, ever! Their hot suave bar is also awesome! Our favorites were the "smack my ass" sauce and "Jason's m&m's sauce", but there were a bunch of others to try. You can even buy the hot sauces bottled, which is totally worth it. My wife and I had the carnitas quesadilla and the bangin chicken burrito both were really fresh and delicious!!! We will definitely be back soon!
Consistently great.  I used to always refuse the olives, but try with olives because it's delicious.
Simply put... I'm addicted.  I probably eat there once a week.  I like this location better than some of the others I have eaten at.
We are from out of town visiting and found Tijuana Flats... They have great service and food!!  We had an appetizer and they offered refills on the chips, cheese, and guac.  I had the Fish Taco's.  We will be back when we can!  If visiting, give it a try, you won't regret it!
I'm a fan. Eclectic/punk rock decor more of a lunch place then a dinner place. Order at the counter and they serve it. Home made hot sauce bar. The hot is really, really hot = ghost peppers. Authentic Mexican? .... Not really but good enough and far enough from the tourist BS. Very fresh ingredients and home made taste. Fish Tacos were amazing. I'd go back.
Love this place.
Tijuana Flats always pleases.  You know exactly what to expect when you walk in the door.  Excellent food, friendly staff, and great service.  Oh, and do you know about the Hot Bar?!
Loved it!  The food was great.  My husband and I both had tostadas.  Loved the sweet hot sauce.   The place was busy, but the service was FAST.   My picky kids even loved it.
Really friendly staff & good food. I definitely overindulge when I eat here. Always get the Tostados.
Tasteless... 2 stars only because the service is good. Can not imagine going back.
Great food prepared to order.  Decor to stare at for hours and hot sauces to spare!!!  Fun place to eat and not badly priced.  Remember Taco Tuesdays!!!!
This is great Tex-Mex place that puts any other mexican fast food chains to shame.  If you're a picky eater, they will accommodate any of your requests, and your food will always hit the perfect spot in your stomach that you will not be able to hold back that look of satisfaction on your face.  I know what good mexican food tastes like...I was born and raised in California.  This is pretty legit tex-mex.
I love me some Tijuana Flats!  I like everything I get here.  Sometimes service is a bit sow if they're busy, but that's to be expect.  Always friendly and it tastes good!  What more can you ask for??
Not typically a huge fan of this type of food but the pepper bar makes it interesting.  Like that they usually have a couple ghost pepper sauces to choose from to heat things up.  Got to admit that the service is fast and friendly.
Love Tijuana flats. Good food at good prices. Attentive staff, pretty quick service. Love everything I've gotten here, yet to dislike anything!
I love these guys! Great food and I'm so happy they returned to the old version of the tortilla chips and raps they used before. Thanks for listening to us TJ's. A great place for some yummy food and some of the best service I have ever experienced at a place like this. Is it Mexican? Maybe not as much as some. But, the food is still great and the service is the best. Cold beer, lots of hot sauces, fresh veggies, and great music. How can you possibly go wrong?
Wonderful store. I've never had a bad experience! Taco Tuesdaze is a little busy, but well worth the wait! The staff here always makes sure you are doing great, by far the best Tijuana Flats in the area.
Service was great, the entire staff was friendly. Fun atmosphere. Appetizer and drinks had a free refill! Fish tacos were just okay. Sauce was too sweet that was on them The kids loved their taco, Nachos and bean burrito.
I found this doing a Yelp search while visiting Orlando. I took my traveling companions and just warned them that it might be more fast food based on pictures on yelp. I was pleasantly surprised to find very friendly counter service, a "free" basket of chips and salsa since we were first timers and plenty of interesting options. I had the carnitas tostadas which were quartered  crispy corn tortillas with pork and the usual suspects. The pork had a good flavor, better than I expected. My partner had the chicken flautas which were only lightly fried, but quite good with guacamole, refried beans and rice. I got a side of queso which was also quite good, not too thick or spicy. Our friends got quesadillas and chimichangas with an order of guacamole and chips. They were quite happy with their meal and service. We explored the salsa bar a bit, but mainly stuck to the basic salsa, queso and guacamole. As we were packing up leftover chips and salsa, one of the servers asked if we wanted a free refill of salsa or guacamole. Wow, I've never heard of a free refill on guac! We had so much chips left, we jumped at the guacamole and enjoyed it with the chips later. The garlic in the guac really bloomed the longer it sat, so it was very pronounced but quite delicious.
Absolutely Excellent.  I frequent on taco tuesday.. yes it is crazy, but the line moves the food comes out delicious and hot and delivered by a friendly on the ball staff. The place is clean, well run and managed by a top notch manager.
Great service and staff at this Hunters Creek location.
Great place.  Food is a 8 out of 10 and not too expensive.  I like the sauce bar, but honestly I don't think any of the sauces are that good.  There is like 15 of them, and about 12 of them taste the same.  This is not a complaint, but I'd prefer some regular Pico De Gayo (spelling,,,,sorry).     Good place just don't come after 12:00 noon, it gets crazy.   Get there at like 11:45AM
Excellent burritos and chimichengas!! Extremely fresh and vibrant ingredients. They have a rather expansive hot sauce bar as well.
Back again to one of my favs in Orlando.   Reasonable prices, great food and service in a fun environment!
