Great little sushi bar in the heart of Hunter's Creek.  I saw a special on the owner on News 13 having scored a perfect score on the annual food inspector's visit.  I never really had the opportunity to go over there but I am glad it worked out this time. Their sushi is very fresh and made very well.
Sushi is really good. We used to go every often, but we do not want to go anymore because waiting service is so horrible. Not use to see heavy set white lady waitress in small sushi bar that not always in the good mood. I would recommend this place if you don't care about waiting service. But still I'm not going there anymore.
Home made dumplings and dashi tofu were simply amazing . The place is small perhaps 7 tables. We had to sit at the sushi bar. The scallop sashimi was really fresh and huge. Sushi chef ( assuming owner) was very kind. Service was horrible, never came by to ask how were doing and looked like she wanted to die. I will be coming back but  hopefully another server will be taking care of me.
I am a sushi lover and have tried many Japanese restaurants. This small cozy restaurant surprised me with fresh, generous cut of sushi. By far, this is the best nigiri sushi restaurant in Orlando.
I LOVE Sushi En!! I recently moved to California, so I really miss my go-to place. :( I used to call in orders to-go all the time, to the point they recognized me. The sushi is really really good, and the place is surprisingly nice to be located in the same strip as a gas station. Do not overlook this place! It's the best one in Hunter's Creek for sure! :) My favorites: Sushi Sandwich with spicy tuna and the Mt. Fuji
I judge sushi places by how they make their spicy tuna rolls. Seems shallow and not very foodie of me but I have found that of you can't make a good spicy tuna roll your sashimi and other rolls are usually subpar. Sushi En's spicy tuna roll was amazing. Perfectly spicy with a quality cut of tuna in the roll. The sushi rice held up great and the spicy mayo was a great blend of creamy and spicy. Service was good - Kyle was great - and the atmosphere was perfect for an intimate date. Definitely not a place for groups as seating is limited. You wouldn't think that Hunter's Creek would have this gem here, but it does, and  I'm glad I found it!
The chef was nice.   But the service was awful, no personality, not a friendly wait staff. Awkward atmosphere, wasn't made to feel welcome.  The sushi is too expensive.  I've paid less for better sushi many times.  Don't know why people rave about this place...
Excellent Sushi!! If you are visiting Orlando you have to go to Sushi En!  Try the Spicy Yellowtail!
Don't know how this place received so many good reviews. Ordered chicken teriyaki for the kids and sushi a la carte for me and my wife. My kids are not finicky eaters but after a couple if bites, only ate the rice. My wife spit out the tuna sushi because of the fish texture. Spicy tuna hand roll was not spicy but had what tasted like McDonalds special sauce. As for me, I ate most if it because I was hungry and I paid $60 which is beyond overpriced. On a side note. The sushi chef was not Asian and the waitress was also non Asian. Not a racist but to be an authentic Japanese restaurant, you kinda have to play the part.
I have been going to Sushi En for over 11 years. The restaurant is always very clean, and the atmosphere is just right. This is by far the best sushi I've ever had in Central Florida, and I've been to many Japanese restaurants. They always give you service with a smile, and I haven't had one thing there that didn't taste amazing. I can't even list all the things I love, because it would be over half the menu lol. They do have the best spicy tuna roll I've ever had, and their udon noodle soup is like soul food. I moved out of the area recently and still drive 30 miles one way just to eat there.
Excellent sushi and a nice quiet atmosphere. It's a tiny place offering big taste. I recommend the Hunters Creek roll.
Such an amazing hole in the wall place. Such a hidden gem. As a foodie in orlando I highly recommend this place for quality and wonderfully priced sushi. Ive been now 5 times in the last couple months and is consistently great!!
We have all heard the expression "hole in the wall", as it refers to great restaurants. Often times this is where the best food are found. In true Japanese style, Sushi En is one of those places. I refer to my time living in Japan. These were my tender years of eating adventurously. As a young enlisted Navy sailor, there wasn't a real desire to eat in big fancy restaurants nor did the situation presented itself. It was walking across the street from Yokosuka and Sasebo Navy Base and eating in the small side street restaurants. Most of these places were doorways. I remembered color of doors more than names, since the names were in Kanji characters (Japanese writings). The term "hole in the wall" brings real meaning to me as these were the places that really delivered the heart and soul of Japanese cuisine.  My adopted Japanese grandma, Mama San, took me through the maze of alleys and doorways ducking behind cloth screens squeezing behind tiny counter tops for the very best Japanese cuisine. Sushi En could have easily been one of these doorways. This tiny doorway is tucked next to a Texaco Gas Station and a Mobile Express Oil Change place, along South John Young Parkway at the Town Center Blvd intersection. The interior is a squeeze. There are a few chairs at the sushi bar, a couple of low tables along a banquet and some high tables towards the back hallway towards the bathroom. The walls are adorned in an appetizing red color with huge wall art. The floor is a dark rough texture that adds to calm the calm Zen like feel. The menu is traditional Japanese cuisine with cooked food from the kitchen and sushi selections from the sushi bar. Sake and a complimenting small selection of wines together with saketinis selections round out the drink menu. There are display boards behind the sushi bar that carries new menu items of rolls, specials, and drinks. We were there for lunch hence a lunch menu. I am thrilled to see that a small limited lunch menu was presented. There were a few choices of rolls, a few sushi combinations, a couple of kitchen choices with several side choices. The menu itself was narrowed for a quick in and out lunch. Of course, there is the proverbial sushi list, with unlimited choices and an all day menu available. Miso Soup was a good balance of saltiness. The tender broth with pieces of silky tofu and seaweed was a nice palate opener. Green Tea was served and brewed in this pot. Good strong tea with clean green tea flavor. Aji or Horse Mackerel Sashimi - juicy, oily, fatty, fresh sliver of raw fish. One of the few places that carry this fish. Sashimi Lunch - White rice included, Choice of Miso Soup or Lunch Side Salad. 12 pieces Sashimi: 3 pieces Tuna, 3 Salmon, 2 Tialpia, 1 Escolar, 1 Conch. Tender, fresh slivers of raw fish, all at the same temperature with various tiny textural differences. Not a hint of fishiness. True freshness. En Lunch Combination - With Miso Soup, White Rice, 2 Shrimp Shu mai, Salmon with Teriyaki Sauce, Lunch Side Salad, Calamari Salad, and Japanese Egg Omelet. This is a variance of the classic Japanese Bento box. It is nice to see the choices available, far too often we are boxed in to only a very limited choice. Calamari Salad is a treat. Salmon was tender and flaky with thick sweet teriyaki sauce. Egg omelet was dense and flavorful. Ginger dressing on salad was thick and balanced. Sushi EN Special Roll - Tuna, yellow tail, salmon, cucumber, avocado, with smelt roe & green onion on top. I am delighted that with three different types of fish in there that the amount of fish given is not compromised. Some restaurants will reduce the size of cuts to make a smaller roll. I prefer this giant size. Some may say that there is too much rice there, I prefer to let the chef make that call. They know intricately more than I , what amount of rice is needed to make which rolls. A quick glance at Sushi En's website will reveal that you can custom tailor your rice amount and type. Brown rice is an option. The restaurant had taken the time to make blog post about nutrition and new releases. It is nice to see that there is more to this little place than just food. The feel is very cordial and respectful. The food is great. The ambiance is neighborly yet sophisticated. A real hole in the wall.
Sushi En is my favorite sushi place in town, and I have been to quite a few! It is a small restaurant which adds to its charming atmosphere and coziness. The staff is extremely friendly! I really haven't seen such a merry bunch of restaurateurs. As a regular, I always feel welcomed and even missed.. Haha Ok let's get to the nitty gritty here: Appetizers - Tuna Tataki So fresh, and the sauce just does it for me. -Edamame You can never go wrong with such a healthy treat. Rolls: -Crunchy Roll - Smoked Salmon Words cannot describe this savory and sweet roll. It is always the favorite among my friends. Then again, anything containing eel sauce makes it heavenly. -Hunter's Creek Mexican Tempura flakes and shrimp. Very good! -Philly Classic, and it makes the cut here! -Caterpillar Avocado goodness! -Chick Philly Not a typical roll nonetheless delicious. I suspect it is not eaten like this in Japan, but it is oh so good... *The majority, if not all, contain cream cheese. I'm a sucker for cream cheese, and just cheese in general. Drinks: - Plum wine A Japanese take on wine. It is enjoyable, beware though if sweetness is not your cup of tea. I would rank this wine among the dessert type of wines. Fruity and luscious wine.
Over priced!  The 2nd glass of Wine was gross it smelled and tasted bad. I let our server know about the issue and it wasn't taken off the $96.00 bill.   Our server need to brush his teeth and take a shower breath and body Oder was offensive. Sushi was a little warmer then I like it, need to up the temperature in the coolers. Went when they opened a few years ago, I don't think I'll be back any time soon.
I've really gone back and fourth on this review.  I've settled on a 3.5. It was a tough call because I can see why so many would rate it higher. It's charming, really charming, they have been open and operating for around 8 years and there is good reason for that. They do a lot of things well. Service is excellent and friendly. Food is fresh and eagerly prepared. I went with the Sushi En Roll and some sashimi. The Sushi En roll was well executed and was tasty. It was a little larger than I like for my mouth. The size of a spider roll, I like to be able to take the whole roll into my mouth without worry, maybe I have a smaller mouth but these were just a tad to large for me. This isn't something they are doing wrong. I find some rolls like spider rolls are often larger and I think with these rolls I've learned this technique called the "Place and Scoot. This means place the large roll in your mouth, chomp a bit, move it back and scoot the rest in using the end of your chop sticks. I had also gotten the escolar sashimi and it came out on the plate, well... kind of weird. Instead of getting a sashimi piece i got little cut tear drops of fish collected together and then topped with some sort of spicy mayo sauce.   The tear drop pieces where so small they were hard to pick up with chopsticks, the sauce over top of the fish masked any flavor the fish may have had.  It was just weird. After considering everything maybe the Sushi En Roll is the best thing there. Go here for the charm and the rolls.
We really like this place. It is tiny and used to be full every time we try to have dinner there but now with the economy we are not having that problem anymore. :-) I love the atmosphere, the service is great, the rolls are delicious!!!! We LOVE their crunchy roll. Tiny, 25 seats if you include the bar area.
Went in for their lunch "special" before work. It's a small and quaint little place, with a very nice staff that know the menu extensively. I went with what I was told to be the most popular lunch option they had: 3 rolls for $12. With a bowl of soup and/or salad for an extra $1.50 a piece. Sounds like a great deal, on the menu at least. First the soup comes out, in a little black bowl that I had almost mistaken for a teacup at first, till the waiter opened the lid and my surprise turned to disappointment. Then the salad, which was just the usual handful of bagged iceberg lettuce mix, tossed in ginger dressing, in a glass bowl no bigger than the last. $3 down the drain, check.| Once I'm done with those two, which took all of 6 minutes, my three rolls finally arrived... 4 pieces each. Fresh and savory as they were, this was LUNCH, and I'm spending a dollar on each little bite I'm chewing like hell to try and make the most of. So $12 for the sushi, $3 for the appetizer (?), with tax and tip... My wallet was left just as ashamed as I was. My suggestions: For a better sushi lunch nearby, go for Mizu Sushi down the road. For better sushi all-around, my loyalty lies nowhere else but IZZIBAN SUSHI, on Orange Blossom Trail, in a plaza across the street from the Florida Mall. I've yet to go for lunch, but every trip there has left in euphoric, soy-sauce dribbled bliss. Enjoy!
Excellent service, great food & great music too! They now open for lunch also... I guess the weak economy got to them also. I would risk to say their Sushi is among the best of Orlando!
Went for dinner this past week at the insistence of my little one. Man, she is an expensive date, but can't fault her for having great taste! Update to restaurant hours: Sushi En is now open for lunch at 2:30, Monday-Saturday. Our dinner started with the house made Gyoza, so delicious and perfectly prepared. Pan-fried crunchiness on the bottom, steamed on the top, filled with a savory pork & cabbage filling and served with a ponzu dipping sauce on the side. Next came the order of grilled saba (mackerel) dinner, served with a bowl of rice, miso soup and a salad. At the same time I was served the spicy tuna roll and various pieces of sushi that I was dictated to order... :) Everything was super fresh and super tasty! So tasty, in fact, that the child ate all the sushi except for the spicy roll and I had to order more! While we were waiting for the next plate of sushi, she polished off the fish! With an endorsement like that from a 5 year old, there are not enough stars to give!
Any time I'm in the mood for Sushi this is where I want to go. The atmosphere is comfortable and relaxing. The staff is very friendly and the food is fresh and prepared quickly. Personally I love their Spicy Tuna Roll and the Hunters Creek Philly. But no matter what you decide to get it's all delicious. Definitely a great place for Sushi.
If there were negative stars I will rate this restaurant with -5. I would like to remind the server of this restaurant, she is working in the Hospitality industry. Not even a smile, she treated us in a terrible manner. She forgot the part of the order... She never checked on us during the service. When we needed the check she was on the phone...  What a way to destroy an experience. No way I will visit this place again.
small location down in the nice area of Hunter's creek. The tempura batter was mediocre but the calamari apps is delicious.. you get 6 full calamari strips for about $7. The sushi i am not that impress due to the size..however the sushi en roll was pretty tasty. Ive had better tempura shrimp rolls somewhere else. The miso soup was delicious however no sea weed. friendly staff yet very small eatery.. possible seats about 25?..
Tonight my family and I had dinner here.  We ordered the beef and chicken teriyaki, rainbow roll and chirashi king.  My son, who is finicky, devoured the beef teriyaki.  When Yoko asked how he wanted the beef prepared, he ordered it medium-rare.  That is exactly how it came out.  The teriyaki sauce was not the typically thick sauce; it was prepared in a traditional teriyaki style sauce. The chirashi king was generous with the amount of sashimi and was tasty.   My daughter's rainbow roll and tamago were also good. The service was very attentive and prompt.   This place is another tweener for me.  I would give this 3.5 stars.  The teriyaki was very good and the sushi was good.  Since I am from out of town, this would be a safe place for me to come eat teriyaki and okay for sushi.
If you are craving sushi then get in your car and eat here now!  It is so darn good.  Everything I have ever ordered has been AAAAmazing!   They have some strange roll, I forget what it's called but it has cheese on it - don't knock it till you try it!   Really yummy stuff.  I used to live in hunters creek back in the day and would come here lite really once a week!  I miss it so.   I just wish they would open a bigger place so it's not so cramped!  Not a place for kids, that's why I have not been back for a while - I don't want to disturb the patrons since you are practically eating on top of each other in a hallway.   Oh well it's still great sushi - if you have kids, go for date night or get it to go!
Excellent sushi. Family and I throughly enjoyed every piece. Service was friendly. The place is small but somehow it wasn't that busy on a Friday night given how good the sushi is. This place is a hidden gem.
I've been going here for many years since they opened. I have eaten sushi all over and still have yet to find better quality and taste. Hunters creek Mexican roll is the best and the eel sauce is a perfect dip forget soy sauce.
If you blink your ryes, you'll miss this restaurant when you're driving by! It is a small sushi restaurant located in a shopping center at the corner of Town Center Blvd and John Yound Parkway. They seem to have a very loyal following.  The staff is very friendly and a lot of people stop in for take-out. The Tuna Tataki appetizer was incredible - what is in that sauce?  SO GOOD! I would definitely go back to Sushi En.  I hope that more people find out about it.  The night we went, we were the only people dining in, although there were serveral take-out orders made.
hidden yet worth every efforts to find it. small and cozy. reminds me of many places in shinjuku street in Tokyo. rare to find a sushi place operated by Japanese in Orlando. greeted by, served by, and cooked by Japanese. donburi is what I do suggest to even non-sushi fan. please ask for Japanese spice to any rice dishes.
Small place with great ambiance and a friendly wait staff. The sushi (which is why you come here) is reasonably priced and very good! The dragon roll was delicious; the spicy tuna roll was the best I've had outside of Japan. Highly recommend!
This is a great place for sushi. I would like to say that it's not for anyone on a budget, but that's the case with all sushi places. It's very easy to miss. I found it by accident while going to the AT&T store. All their sushi is good. I would recommend this place to all.
One of the best experiences at a Japanese restaurant. The food was fresh and well prepared. Some of the best I've ever had in a very unassuming place. Service was excellent. It can get pricey but that's good sushi for you.
Small and quaint sushi restaurant. Excellent sushi and dishes. This is my favorite sushi place in all of Orlando. Staff is very polite and prompt. They have the best Udon noodle soup! Whenever I get cravings for sushi this is the place that comes to my mind first.
Great place!!!! Have been there many times,...   It is SMALL so no large groups.  Everytime I have eaten there everyone has LOVED it.  I really like their Miso soup too.  It is one of the most inexpensive Sushi places too.  Very reasonable prices!!!  The people are friendly and efficient,.... we go back often. ;-)
The best sushi in Orlando...clearly.
Had a craving for sushi so decided to check this place out. Service was good because it was a small location and they were able to be very attentive. Ordered sushi and it was delicious! Ended up ordering other items too and they were all amazing. I highly recommend this place!
Sushi is good, place is small (Its in a gas station).  Our server was nice but kind of awkward.  Despite the fact that it's in a gas station it doesnt feel low quality at all.  I enjoyed it.  You probably will 2.  As far as sushi in Hunter's Creek its Mikados, Suki Hanna, and Sushi En.  Pick your poison.
Visiting the area on vacation and glad we found this place. Another successful Yelp find. My wife and I ordered sushi and the beef & salmon teriyaki dishes and hot green tea. Everything tasted great and the server was friendly and kinda funny/weird as a wanna be singer. He was nice and hope he makes it as a singer or whatever he was attempting. The teriyaki sauce is amazing and made  everything taste better. Wil be back again.
Excellent service and great atmosphere for a quiet night of Sushi and Goyza! Always a favorite to visit when in Hunters creek.
Kinda hidden, since it's not a big place... but very friendly staff. Sushi was good, price was right and I'd go back again any day of the week.
Amazing sushi! Don't let the outside fool you! Great service and food. Only a few tables. We loved the hunter's creek philly roll!  We will definitely be back!
This place is AMAZING!!! Order the Mt. Fugi!! Let me put it this way, if it was socially acceptable to lick the plate, I would. We haven't found something here that we don't like. HIGHLY recommend this place!!
Amazing Sushi!!  The staff is extremely nice and friendly.  I've been to many other sushi places in Orlando and this is definitely the best! Prices are very fair, sushi is always fresh and delicious.  The place is very tiny, I recommend to take out your food...  If you do eat in, you need to sit at the bar and have the sushi chef there make you something special-- trust me, it's so worth it!!  Try the crunchy roll too, it is so good!!
Excellent sushi, chef has lots of experience and menu is classical. This place is a must for for sushi lovers.
Surprisingly good.  Went for a quick lunch. Service was fast!
We have eaten here multiple times but tonight after getting take out, neither of us were pleased with our dinner. We arrived at the restuarant in the time they told us - 20 minutes from order time - and we still had to wait for them to finish prepping our food. When we got home and opened our food, my seaweed salad was about 2.5 teaspoons worth for $5.. not impressed - then I noticed that the candy roll which on the menu is described as a california roll topped with whitefish and tuna was by no means a california roll. It had chopped whitefish in the middle, topped with whitefish and tuna. I also ordered a Hunter's Creek Roll - on the menu it states a california roll topped with tempura and eel sauce. Again, the inside of the roll was chopped whitefish... My boyfriend had the super spicy tuna roll as well as two pieces of sashimi - both pieces were small and can hardly be called a "piece". The fish smelled somewhat off and didn't taste good. We both agreed it might have been sitting around for several days before we consumed it. We weren't impressed with this trip and with the hefty price tag for the sushi, I don't know that we will be back.. sad because we liked it in the past visits... hopefully we don't get sick!
Awesome place, straight hole in the wall, great ambience, had 3 different rolls, each were delicious & fresh-tasting. Their calamari & asparagus appetizer was one of a kind. Great service to top it off.
Teeny tiny place! It can get full to capicity quick because it is so small and the tables are so close to eachother that it makes you feel very uncomfortable when your practically sitting at the same table with complete strangers and can hear their conversation. If going on Friday or Saturday evenings, forget about it! It will be crowded. This place is not cheap! They charge for every little thing such as extra sauce. The sushi does speak for itself though. Fresh sushi, really experienced sushi chef, great ala carte food items such as teriyaki chicken and steak. Space is limited but the food is great!
Good stuff. The only reason for the 4 stars is that the soft shell crab roll tasted good, but just had a lingering fishy smell. The nigiri was great.
Very good sushi.  I had the ninja, soft-shell crab and Alaska rolls: all were delicious.  (I've never eaten soft-shell crab in any form before.). The Age Dashi tofu was also new for me, and was tasty though not great.  Service was great (though I visited on a holiday weekend, and was the only patron in the place for half my meal.)
OK, first thing to note is this place is one of the few Sushi houses actually owned and run by Japanese. I do enjoy several other places as well and just love sushi in general, but for a true Japanese style (with the few Americanized dishes thrown in) there are not many better places around.  The portions are much smaller that others in the area, because this is a Japanese place.  I have been to Tokyo and Okinawa and 'Everything' is served small. At first I was disappointed as well, because for Quantity I like Fuji Mountain (Korean owned) as they have the larges cuts of Sashimi I have ever found.  Sometimes this is just about presentation and flavor.  And when it comes to flavor, En takes the cake.   If you are a "Roll" eater, You may be disappointed with the size of what you get.  So I suggest you try somewhere else.  But if you are searching for great Japanese style dishes, take the time to enjoy or it is gone way too soon.  I don't know how this place ended up with 2 $$ for cost as anyone going there for dinner may get a surprise at the end of the night.  For a complete Sashimi dinner for two with appetizers, Sake, Beer and the works, you are looking at an easy Hundred dollar check out.
