I have only been in here quickly for gelato, which was amazing! I should probably lay off the gelato for a while, as I'm already a froyo freak, but next time I want some I will come here. I plan to return to try their food. They had a nice selection of italian grocery items, meats, and cheeses. Let's be real though, who needs meat and cheese when you can have gelato!
This place is the authentic version of what Panera is replicating for American society. I haven't even been able to try much else other then the Panini's becuase they are so awesomely delicious. Great! Bread, fantastic meats, fresh olives & toppings. You just can't find more authentic then this in Orlando. My only advice is service is slow, in the authentic Italian way, so try to allow for a little more time to eat. & there are not many tables, so avoid peek times if you can.
We felt like Italian so pulled up Yelp.  We found the All Italian Market & Deli..... and we were so glad we did.  We started with their suggestion of a sweet wine dubbed Sweet Baby. It was fruity,but not too much.  My wife then ordered their Chicken Bruschetta dish.  It looked fabulous when it arrived and tasted even better.  The chicken was very moist and tender. It came with a very nice Italian garden salad.  I had the Lasagna.  The thick homemade noodles were cooked perfect and sauce was even better. The portion was large enough for a nice lunch the following day.  We topped off the night with two Lattes.  The service was great, genuine and meal very reasonable. We closed down the restaurant around 9:10 not knowing they list their closing time at 8:30.  They never made us feel rushed.  We will be back and recommend to all.  I wish we had room for their desserts.
Authentic Italian gem - food and wine were superb. Little market (which happens to carry hard-to-find amaretto cookies) with specialty coffee, olive oil, and bakery goods. Italian soccer running steadily, fresh made pasta, paninis to at least get mildly injured for, nice people who obviously think of English as a second language. Just don't get me started on the heinous Orlando taxi-rate toll roads required to move 2 miles east-west....
I had to try this place because I heard they had cannolis. The location is nice and so is the inside of the business. They sell cured meats, cheeses, gelatos, some Italian sweets, dry pasta, and hot food. Anyway, I order my cannolis and a hazelnut gelato. My gelato was just okay, I have had better. My cannolis were a huge disappointment! The cream was like sweet  liquidy consistency  with pieces of curd....like curdled milk or something. It also had pieces of candied citrus and chocolate chips. That was just gross!  I have never had a cannoli like this one :(.  The cookies they sell which are really good are brought from Queens, New York (The Bakery Boys of New York).
Looking for a great authentic cappucino or latte in the Hunter's Creek area? This is the place! They use the best espresso - LaVazza. You really can't go wrong with either one. Served with an authentic Italian accent. I would have gone with 5 stars, but they don't serve it with a cute little biscotti. Not to worry, since it's a market we bought a bag to enjoy with our drinks and then brought the rest home.
I had to revise my review (from 4 stars to 1) on this place because since it opened because it has changed a lot, for the worse. They do continue to make their own pasta, sauces, pesto, and all that jazz, which is great. However the service is just horrendous! Waiting 15-20 minutes for a fork after I've received my meal is UNACCEPTABLE! When I let the girl in the main counter know she responded with "I'm really busy, I can't help you." I was shocked, but wait, it gets better... another guy walks out behind the counter and I let him know we had been waiting for a fork, he reaches down below to where the rude waitress was making a sandwich and hands us a fork... she had the forks within her reach and she couldn't hand me one??!!! Ridiculous. We've returned after this incident (believe it or not) and the service just continues to be terrible (you ask questions about the menu and the staff doesn't know the menu, you have to wait a ridiculous long time to get your meal when it's not busy, even longer to get the check). We noticed they started changing some of their tried and true menu items too (either that or the person in the back making the food messed up) and it's just not the same. When we first started coming here the service was great. There was a guy who walked around and asked how everything was and made pleasant small talk, he was nice. Now they have incompetent and rude staff. I mean its just sad because the food and ambiance was so pleasant in the past. I definitely will not be coming back here and unless you want to deal with rude, incompetent, ignorant service, I suggest you skip this place too.
Other then the rather sluggish service, everything is top notch! I had a Lombardio panini and the Nutella Cheesecake. Both were amazing! Definitely recommended. Also, my mate had the tiramisu and it was spectacular! Best tiramisu I've had
Tops in my list! I like the feeling of being in Italy - be prepared to stay a while - and enjoy a meal eating within a small market. The lasagne is light and creamy - great flavor. The gelato is just like being served in Italy - quite good!
Good quality food in a relaxed environment. Stop in and sit down for a nice lunch.
Amazing food, the best place to go for authentic Italian products that you cannot find anywhere else but in Italy!!! Amazing wines and lots of goodies...
Excellent, authentic Italian food at very reasonable prices. Definitely one of the best in Orlando!
Italian amazement! This little place has been open about a year now and just recently bought the storefront next door to expand for seating and space. I have sat to dine as well as asked to get food to go and both are exceptional. I was sad to read a review below that said it was overpriced. I don't feel that it is overpriced at all. When it first opened we chatted with the owner, (full italian man) about the fact that they make their sauces and pasta fresh! They also make their tiramisu from scratch, which is delectable! Bonus - they make their own italian sausage that you can buy by the pound and they also create their mozarella in house as well. Before you judge the storefront, ask the employees. If its not out in one of the coolers they may have it in the back kitchen. Space has been an issue for them and cooking all their product in house means they have to have creative solutions to store things. I have never had a bad meal there and for the "market" section, if I have questions about a product or want to try something new, the owner and the other employees are more than willing to take a moment and tell you how to cook it or prepare it.
This place is off the hook. We had sandwich and cheese ravioli. For dessert Cannoli.  The ambiance and merchandise in the market is greatEverything including the service is 5 stars.
I'm wondering if I went into the same place as some of the other reviewers, or could it be that the glowing reviews on this site are are put there by friends and family. I was expecting a market with fresh pastas, perhaps some hot dishes to go, and the like. Instead there was a display of mostly boxed and packaged pastas, a good many of which are supermarket staples (Barilla & the like), along with some packaged cookies that didn't have prices. The only fresh stuff I saw was a couple of tubs of sauce, with no description of what exactly was in it. I spent a good 5 minutes in the store wandering around looking, and not once did any of the guys behind the deli counter even acknowledge me, even though there were only 2 customers in the entire store. There was a decent deli counter, but I was looking for something to take home to have dinner later that night, not a deli sub. If all you want is a sub, it might be worth a stop, but it sure doesn't seem to live up to the hype in some of these reviews.
Totally Italian!! You may have to wait a tad to get your food, but it's worth it. The atmosphere and attitude brings back great memories while traveling to Italy. Thus, if you never experience Italy, you may get a wrong impression.  The people are very friendly and helpful. They have a fantastic menu and wine list. The food is made from scratch. The store is stocked with authentic Italian products. The space is huge to accommodate a crowd. Each time I had lunch, I can not complain about any of the dishes served. No words can describe the exquisite and  flavorful taste from the dishes off the menu; except it was heaven. I truly believe they put every ounce of love in their cooking. It is almost going back home to mom and enjoy a home cook meal. This is the experience when I come here. I would definitely come back again. If you want to try your Italian, the owner would be gladly converse with you in Italian. Trust me. This is a very authentic Italian store. Not many place will carry authentic Balsamic Vinegar from Modena, Italy.
Buono appetito! Have been here a few times for lunch. The first go around I had the Veneto panini. A delicious sandwich with roasted chicken, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, balsamic vinegar, garlic and extra virgin olive oil. It was divine. Second visit they had a lasagne lunch special for $9.95. It came with fresh baked bread and a smooth EVOO for some dipping. The lasagne did not disappoint, but I tend to prefer mine with a little more sauce. The lasagne was big enough for two meals. Bonus! Third visit introduced me to the pasta faggioli soup (love the fact that they put fresh grated parmessan cheese on top!) and what had to be the best tasting eggplant I ever had in the form of the Trentino antipasti- roasted eggplant, goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, basil, extra virgin olive oil and Modena balsamic vinegar. Whoa! Listen Im not a fan of eggplant, as a matter of fact if offered I run Forrest run, but this day I ventured (honestly the goat cheese is what caught my eye) and ordered this antipasti. I usually share but told my lunch companion she was out of luck (I gave her a nib though and she said she was getting that for lunch next time!).  Needless to say I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of it! Reason for only 4 stars....well if you are on your lunch break you will be late getting back to work since service can be a tad bit slow. This however will not deter me from returning again...and again...and again.  I have my eye on the Sacchetti Gorgonzola & Pear dish. Also at some point when I don't stuff my face with my lunch I will need to order some dessert as the limoncello cake seems to be calling...more like YELLING my name.
Holy Yum!!!!!! Thank you for this one fellow Yelpers!!! They have a menu with lots of Italian Classics to choose from. I got a panini with prosciutto, olive tapenade, basil pesto, cheese and balsamic.  There was probably other stuff...I inhaled it! It so was delicious. The bread was fresh and lightly pressed, everything was so tasty! The staff was super friendly (and authentic :) from the minute I walked in to the minute I left!! They even have WINE!!!! The store has a deli and market (pasta, Italian specialties) as well as a coffee bar! I can't wait to come back here! Did I mention WINE? Keep up the excellent work!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! I've been about three times and it is as good as it gets for Italian classics in Hunter's Creek. It's owned and operated by Italian Immigrants and the quality is outstanding! The restaurant is located within a Italian market that has a bunch of imported goodies. The staff is friendly but be prepared to wait a little longer as they take their time in preparing it.
First time going there, we had a hard time ordering because the person taking the order either is not fluent in English or simply a bit slow. The food took quite a bit of time as well. Ordered the Della Casa salad, chicken caprese and the portabello something. The salad was awesome and the bread with the preserve was delicious. The chicken caprese was pretty good too the roasted tomatoes completely made the meal. The portabello dish wasn't that good but decent. Came back next day for the chicken caprese and Della Casa and the meal took 54minutes opposed to the 15minutes they said when ordering. Like being late isn't enough the chicken caprese didn't come with the roasted tomatoes as specified in the menu and also the reason for my ordering the meal again. The salad didn't include the bread with preserve also part of the reason for ordering the dish. upon inspection of the meal and asking the lady, she claimed they were out of roasted tomatoes and when my bf asked why they didn't inform us of that when ordering so we could have a chance to order something else instead and another lady rushed from the back very rude with "it's not her fault we ran out of roasted tomatoes" which was uncalled for., we never blamed anyone for running out of roasted tomatoes we simply said we should have been informed prior to us making the order or when we made the order or the many times we came back for pick up after the 15mins and we have every right to expect exactly what we ordered or be informed of any changes to our purchase. For bad service/customer service I'm giving them a 2 star rating. The chicken caprese without the roasted tomatoes is not anything special to go back to. We are NOT going back to this place and that's sad given how close they are to us. Hope they fix their customer service etiquette.
Wow! Never been to Italy?  Me neither, but after eating here, I felt I had!  The ambiance, the food, & on Friday nights, the singer.  Yum! I felt so relaxed after eating out:  I highly recommend!!!
My boyfriend, (who is a first generation American/Italian) and I happened apon this wonderful find as we were traveling from Tampa to Orlando.  We ordered  the Lombardi at the owners suggestion, and had only a short wait while he and my boyfriend chatted away in Italian.  We grabbed it to go.  Now less than a week later, I'm sitting here waiting for my to go order again which will be commuting by car with me back to Tampa. I have a feeling I will be making this stop often for him.  It was truly one of the best sandwiches we had ever eaten.  Quit a few people are sitting here eating dinner as I write and I feel like I'm in Italy. I'm the only one here who doesn't speak Italian at this moment which leads me to believe that my boyfriend is not the only one around who feels this is the real deal and not a knock off like Olive Garden or Little Ceasars!  Make a detour, the best jewels are quite often off the beaten path!
Wow!!! This place is excellent!!! Authentic Italian paninis made to order at a great price. Friday nights from 630 to close they have live music. They also have a fabulous selection of wines. Living in Hunters Creek it's difficult to find a nice mom and pop shop..... Well THIS. IS. IT.
Hands down, the best panini's in Central Florida. Period. Ive had my fair share of panini's at fast casual places and thought they were ok. To me this is what they should taste like. They have a very extensive menu. I was a bit overwhelmed at how many different panini's they could make. They all had a slight variation and awesome Italian names that can be difficult to say as a non Italian, but totally worth the humiliation as you butcher the name to the waitstaff. I cant remember the name of the one I had, but it looked well put together. It had Italian meats, thick slice of fresh mozzarella, pesto and balsamic glaze with Italian peppers. Its not just a deli, its also a market. You can buy stuff here too to make at home. Not my bag, but Im sure they have good stuff as the walls were lined with Italian grocery items. Come here for lunch one time and give them a try. You will change your view of what a panini should be.
Stopped in for lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  The sandwiches were delicious and the lasagna was amazing.  Finished up with nutella cheesecake.  I will definitely be back.
Need a place to meet up with a gf to chat over a lavazza latte? Come here! Are you in need of specialty cold cuts for that antipasti platter for your next dinner party? Come here!   Hungry for a lunchtime fix that only a gourmet panini can satisfy? Come here! Looking for a post-dinner place with wine and dessert? Ding, ding! COME HERE!   Can you tell how much I love this place? TOO MUCH! Whenever I'm in the area I always love to stop by here for different occasions. All Italian Market & Deli is definitely the multipurpose storefront for all your Italian needs. Groceries, lunch, wine, and Italian music videos playing in the background. Oh my! Oh, if you do decide to dine in, then keep in mind that your food may take some time to prepare. Everything is made to order so the taste is worth the wait!
I feel pretty good about this place. I had been looking for an Italian Deli since I have been in Orlando and I am pretty pleased with All Italian Market & Deli.  I frequent this place for lunch and often will bring a coworker along to have them experience it as well.   I have tried a bunch of different Panini's, all are very good.  I like the service, everyone is helpful and pleasant.  Most importantly for a lunch spot, they are fairly quick. A tad pricey for lunch, however the quality is there.  They will let you make any changes to the Panini offerings you need, so you really can't go wrong.   I am looking forward to trying more of the Panini's and also take home some fresh pasta and sauce.   This is a winner!
I would give this place 10 stars if I could. This is owned by a real Italian family, they always great me and my family with warmth and let us taste some special things because we are also Italian. If you are ACTUALLY Italian, not a guido or someone who has never even been to Italy, you will love this place. It'll be what you have been looking for since you came to America! This is it! fresh made pasta, fresh Italian bread and mozzarella, imported drinks and foods from Italy, everything you miss from Italia.
Lunch... Hmmm where to go on a day off. Decided to try this little shop. Thought it was going to be a simple sandwich place... Was I wrong. It does have sandwiches and  It has a great past menu, tons of authentic Italian wine and other goods from Italy. Like an Italian supermarket-deli-restaurant. What a great, yummy,relaxing place!
Great selection of cheeses and meats.  Eggplant lasagna and tortellini with pesto was fantastic.  Small selection of wines and other deli items.  We can't wait to go back!
Excellent food the best lasagna, coffee and dessert in the are. I recommend this place :) enjoy the life with great food ;)
If your in the mood for authentic Italian food stop by this place! The service is good but the food is just amazing. It is a little too expensive but it's a authentic family owned gem!
I need to qualify my 3 - star rating by stating that this was a take-out order. So I am rating the food quality only. For take-out I say "meh" take it or leave it. The bread was a little more hard and chewy than I anticipated, meat and cheese were quality, but the arugula was not just wilted from pressing but also brown...added nothing to the sandwich. Nice ambiance for a glass of wine, but all in all I'd rather have a publix sub!
First-time eating here. If you want to grab a  bite without spending over $10 get the paninis they are huge. I was full after eating half. I was in a sandwich mood for my cheat,  but not just any sandwich. A Panini! The bread is thick and mine had alot of meat (4 types.. And was piled high. Too much...) I haven't had the entrées. I don't like the location, it's far from me but worth the drive.
Excelent, excelent, excelent you can't miss it!! My opinion Level: 3 spons Service & attention: excelent Menu: italian home made Quality of food: excelent Taste & flavor: really italian homemade food specially the sauces Wines not much varieties, but what they have is very good Prices: very good for the quality I am italian and I can assure that all the menu is really made by italian people like italians does in Italy. Everything is excelent. In my opinion this is the only one really Italian Restaurant in Orlando
My girlfriend and I stumbled upon All Italian while on a date, and it quickly became "our Italian spot".  This is one of those places that you walk into, sit down, and immediately forget about the business meeting. That being said, if you are coming in for your lunch break, make sure that you have nothing planned for at least an hour; you won't want to leave. The service is outstanding, almost every ingredient is imported from Italy, and they have 40 or 50 Italian wines. Their pasta and sauces are made from scratch, everything is made with love-- this might even be better than my mother's cooking. After having ordered everything on the menu, whether it be one of the "Specials of the Day" or a Panini, I have learned one thing: I have thoroughly enjoyed every dish they offer.
My husband and I ate here, the day before running the Celebration Marathon. (It's important to carb up!) I selected the eggplant lasagna, and he requested a not-on-the-menu pasta dish with sausage and peppers. The server and chef were very accommodating and quickly created a dish he was very happy with. I definitely enjoyed the lasagna, and it was a very large portion. We split the Nutella cheesecake for dessert - delicious!
Service was amazing!  Very friendly, expeditious wait staff. Tried several Paninis and salads without finding fault in any.  Food quality & presentation match the ambiance.  What a value too.
I must say, i was quite impressed with a coldcut sandwich. A bit pricey, but delicious. I had the all meat sandwich on panini bread. Maybe the sandwiches aren't the best? but it's a different take on a typical sandwich. The green tea was also delicious. Since it was take-out I couldn't rate the service, but upon waiting, i felt a different vibe with this place. Must've been the italian mtv going on in the tvs and the decor was pretty nice. A lot of wine to choose from and a big place. i'd give this place another shot if i'm ever in the area. i'm curious what their other entrees taste like. Arrivaderci.
When I opened to doors here I started to grin instantly. There is a little slice of food porn heaven hiding behind those doors in the form of a small Italian cafe and market. Fresh mozzarella, pastas, ravioli, tortellini, gnocchi are all available for purchase. A rack consisting of nothing but different types of olive oil. A deli counter with Italian meats, A refrigerated case with Italian beer, san pelligrino, and other Italian drinks. The market is full of wonderful little surprises. Old Italian Grandmas over in the corner discussing who is going to buy the sausage links, A table of twelve come in and kiss the chef on the cheek exclaiming "Ciao Bella!". For someone who has never been here there can be some confusion on how you would order food if you plan on eating for lunch. Grab a small table and they will come to you. You can also grab a drink out of their cooler or ask for tap water or coffee. Once you are finished if its a busy lunch you can just go up to the register to pay. The lunch menu features a wide variety of insalates, antipastas, paninis and dolci(desserts). What I really like about the menu is how authentic it feels, anchovies, porchetta, mortadella, marinated tuna, italian buffalo milk mozzarella, soppressata, marinated artichokes, goat cheese and the list goes on and on. I was here to try a panini and I went with the Lombardia which is prosciutto di parma, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, fresh basil, and basil pesto which is topped off with a little extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar. When it arrived I first noticed the nice plating and the bread which was crusty on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. You bite into the bread and get thr crunch and then the fluffy part condenses down onto the ingredients which makes it the perfect bite. Everything just works so well together, nothing is over powering or too salty, the bread is not too dense or too light, it's just right. The mozzarella was wonderful, fresh and had a nice clean flavor unlike a lot of processed cheeses. The olive oil and vinegar gave it just the right about of wetness and the panini as a whole just tasted really clean and fresh. I know clean and fresh are weird words to use to describe it but the balance combined with how fresh and subtle the flavors played with each other gave it that feeling. I'm sitting at this table watching the Italian music videos on the tv and thumbing through the paper menu I got at the counter. If only I wasn't so full the desserts seem so fabulous. Next time I'm making sure to save room because I have no will power against desserts like tiramisu, nuetella cheese cake  and lemoncello mascarpone. This is a welcome addition to the villages at Hunters Creek, authentic, wonderful service, delicious food and Italian goods will always keep me coming back.
I go there to eat every Friday.. The pasta is amazing and the osso buco is very good. They have live music during the weekend. And I like being there because it is comfortable. I will keep going....
Overall: Extremely excited on my first visit and already looking to go back again. The market is truly authentic and the three guys running it are passionate that it be as true to Italian as possible. Everything is either from Italy or handmade by them using real Italian recipes. - They bring in real prosciutto and other delicious meats. - A variety of cheeses from real ricotta to a very nice Asiago. - Handmade pasta that is freshly made - A full deli with paninis, soups, and more. - A great deal more in terms of selection and items that are the real deal. Highs: Quality & Price. I bought a half-pound of prosciutto that is the best I've eaten vs. selections at Fresh Market or Whole Foods. And they are priced to be very affordable. Lows: None Ask for Guissepe when you go in. He will give you a tour and tell you how to get in the loop on wine tastings and Italian food ideas that they will be hosting. Plus he's really cool to talk to and his passion for Italy is great to see.
What a shame that this place is a little too far from where I live. Unfortunately in the Orlando area, not too many Italian deli/markets like you would find in NY/NJ. But this place is awesome. A good ... an excellent selection of Italian items. And YES ... I am Italian and miss many products found back in Italy. Everything from coffee, to cookies, to the pasta (NO, pasta is no pasta) is good. A little pricey, but you know, it is stuff not easy to find so the price is expected to be a little higher! And there display case of cold cuts and cheeses ... nice selection of a variety of items. Prosciutto might not be as good as the one you buy in Parma, Italy ... but it is good! Same with the cheeses ... especially the parmesian cheese ... Grana Padano! The atmosphere is really cool. The store recently expanded (May 2012) so now it is twice the size and offers more seating to sit and have appetizers, desserts or just some drinks. So on top of being a "market" it is also a deli where you can sit and have some food. And the owners/managers ... very nice and friendly. Easy enough to talk to and strike up a conversation with them!! Can't wait to be back in the area and swing  by!!
Update: Finally got to try the paninis and pasta and let me tell you, they delivered 110%. They definitely did not disappoint. I had pear stuffed sacchetti with the my choice of a spicy tomato base sauce and the result was a perfect combination and balance of spicy & sweet. Every bite was delicious and even my wife who isn't a big fan of spicy food thought it was delicious. The pasta was cooked perfectly, everything tasted fresh and delicious. I can't wait to come back to try more food here! So far, I'm a fan of this place. Btw I highly recommend my combination of pear stuffed saccchetti with the spicy (you can choose from a variety of topping sauces)  sauce if you are a person who likes a Lil kick on your food, I promise the combination is perfect! I seriously want to go tomorrow and get the same dish. The panini my wife ordered was also super tasty and generous size. We also tried the nutella cheese cake ( Italian style cheesecake made with ricotta) and we both enjoyed it very much, it was the perfect ending along with a delicious coffee. Great Job, all Italian market & deli!!!
AMAZING! That would be my first word.   We thought it was only a deli when we walked in but no they have two full menus. 1. for salads and paninis 2. pasta  (homemade pasta) amazing pasta! My friend and I started with a bottle of wine and a house salad I got the spinach ravioli pasta with mushroom sauce...  It was delicious, everything. The pasta menu I believe they change it daily since their pasta is fresh. Service was great and very helpful.
Well, my only error here was in thinking that this would be a *quick* place to grab a panini. The panini was highly enjoyable, with a bitter Italian soda, but wow, it took a while to get there....and our "quick lunch" turned into something a little more, shall we say, "leisurely." And that's not to say the service stunk....they are very friendly, just quite slow. That said, I would have to say that the wedding soup and panini I had were worth the stop - exactly what I'd wanted. Beyond being a deli, it's a little Italian market - you can find pasta, wine, olive oil, etc.. There's also a gelato counter, but I didn't indulge. I found it a little odd that this place didn't carry much in the way of cheese. I was expecting to drool over a cheese selection, but didn't find one. Worth a stop for the sandwiches, but keep in mind that this does not seem to be the quick in-and-out type place I thought it would be.
They make lasagna every day.  I'm not really sure what else there is to say.  Did you see that, people?  HOMEMADE LASAGNA!!!! The guys who run the place are old school Italian and adorable.  They have all kinds of yummy baked goods, an extensive sandwich menu, fresh made pastas and sauces, a deli case full of Italian meats and cheeses as well as a whole host of Italian wines and grocery items.   I wanted to never leave. As I waited for my Lasagna to be heated (LASAGNA!), the owner told me that they do specials throughout the week and on the weekends, they will cook the fresh pasta you buy & serve it to you there. I am positive that I will be back.
Very authentic food and excellent quality but the portions are not equivalent to the prices.  No sides are served with the paninis or the small $11 lasagna.  We left hungry and wishing they had fresh gelato or more pastry/dessert options. As far as the Market part goes (the front half of the store), this is a good place to find many italian cooking staples and wines.
UPDATE 6/28/2011 The place has won my heart, as well as BF's. He is still crazy about that pasta which is now called Zachetti with Pears and Gorgonzola. Pair it with the four cheese white sauce, and you're good to go. We've also had the Spinach Gnocci, again with the cheese sauce, and it was delicate and delicious. Another in the list that we have tasted is the homemade lasagna. It's quite flavorful and hearty. The Lombardia panini remains a favorite and a staple. I always order it and say: "Can I please have a Lombardia... " Our pleasant and very thoughtful server always says sure and pronounces it with an Italian accent. I always forget how it is supposed to be pronounced, so I'll let you all non-Italians know too. For English speakers please pronounce:  Lom-baer-dee-a. Spanish speakers please pronounce: Lom-bar-di-a with an accent in -di- as if it read: -dí-. Sorry, I just love languages. If I can find a way to pronounce things correctly, no matter the language or dialect, I try to do it and share. Their desserts are so scrumptious! Even If you already had your meal elsewhere, do yourself a favor and at least go in to All Italian Market for dessert. Sit down and order a dessert with a glass of wine, if you're in the mood, or coffee. You have a variety of desserts to choose from: Cannoli, Almond Cake, Nutella Cheesecake, Tiramisu and a few other items. I've tasted the cannolis which I think are the best cannolis I've tasted so far, even better than the ones from NY's Little Italy. I haven't been to Italy, so I cant compare it to the ones in the country :(..... The almond cake is superb... Sooo good!!! FYI - My boyfriend doesn't have much of a sweet tooth, and he almost always eats my whole plate of zachetti!!! The pears add the right kind of sweetness combined with the gorgonzola. Great wine selections anywhere from affordable great wine to more expensive and refined ones.
I love this place now! Been there several times to check out the market but didn't buy a thing. BIG MISTAKE!!! We went back there last week and ate the bruschetta and homemade lasagna that is to die for! We need to go back soon!!!
This place is the real deal! It seems to be a family run location, one of my favorite things about a food establishment. It seems as though they all have an accent which makes you feel like you're in an Italy. From the moment you step in the door to when you leave, the staff is great! They ask if you if need help in the grocery area and they're quick with the deli. Not sure what to order? No worries, find something that you like on the menu, then mix it up as you see fit. They will gladly take things away, add things, and recommend if you ask them. Now, having been to a few 'authentic' Italian deli's in the past, I feel like their prices can be a little steep for what you are getting. Don't get me wrong, the panini's are amazing, but $8 is a little steep to me for just that. It's more like a snack. I'm a student - could I eat this everyday? Probably not, but it works out nice here and there.
In terms of a "Market", this place definitely doesn't make the grade. There are some great Italian markets up in NJ where I'm from, and one in Tampa. I was looking for one in the Orlando area and this had the best reviews. I walked in and they had a few meats, a few cheeses, and a lot of generic boxed products. We were hoping to find some tiramisu to grab (granted I could have ordered it), or some marscapone cheese, or some home made ravioli or sauce (great things to find up in NJ). No luck. I can't review the deli part, although the menu didn't look too bad. I don't really have any interest in driving back out there to try it, though.
Good food, friendly service, and fair prices make for a great spot to pick up some lunch. The paninis were nice and well pressed, and the ingredients were so fresh and delicious! The recent expansion offers even more seating, so it's a great place to stop by for lunch.
I have passed this place many times and never knew that they have a whole menu of food in here. I had to try this for myself. The deli has a lot of class. You can find all kinds of Italian goodies in here. The music in the background is all Italin artist. Very nice. Locals here today just hanging out drinking their bowl of soup and sipping on their latte. And that is what I started with. Cafe Latte. Nice and smooth and the way a latte should taste. This hit the spot today. This is going to be the perfect pairing to my panini. Capri Panini. Fresh Mozzarella, tomatoes, fresh basil, basil pesto, extra-virgin oil and Modena balsamic vinegar. I have to be honest. I saw a picture on line regarding this sandwich here and I literally pointed it out on my phone and this is what I got. Fantastic!! I will have to visit this place again and try their Lasagna and other goodies that they have. I didn't have time for dessert today but the dessert menu caught my eye.
Went here after doing some research and have to say it was very good.   We had spinach lasagne which was excellent (although it was obvious it had been microwaved) but flavors were good.  The sandwiches were also very good although I would have liked to see them slice the prosciutto a little thinner. Did not have dessert but looked very good.  This is a nice casual spot to catch some simple italian  food.
As authentic as you can get outside of Italy!  I found out about this place from a good girlfriend of mine a few months ago.  We finally got to try this place out on a random, impromptu girls' night.  We ordered take-out and we both had a prosciutto panini as an entree, a bottle of wine and we tried their tiramisu as well as their nutella cheesecake for dessert (we couldn't decide so, being the foodies that we are, we got both!). The panini...uh-mazing!!! The ciabatta was warm and crunchy, the cheese was melting in my mouth in an awesome way and the prosciutto was glorious. It gets better... The nutella cheesecake... also uh-mazing!! I love nutella. I love cheesecake. Put them together and it's heaven on earth for me! It keeps getting better... The tiramisu... HEAVENLY!!! I've never had tiramisu as good and as fluffy as the one I got here. I wasn't a big tiramisu fan before due to previous lackluster experiences, but I most definitely am now.  It was, for lack of a better phrase, a food orgasm in my mouth. And not to be outdone, the staff was very friendly and informative.  They answered all of our questions, gave some amazing wine & food recommendations and was very proactive when it came to customer service (a definite plus). My girlfriend and I actually went back a week later to eat in and try their pasta (which was equally amazing).  I will definitely be going back there again and I've been recommending them to everyone and anyone who will listen.
If I could give it more than five stars I would. Growing up with nonna,an you come here it makes you feel at home. They do southern Italian,from Bari. They are the real deal. Being from the Chicagoland area I'm spoiled with places like this,the prices are little higher but everything is fresh an all imported. I'd recommend this place to anyone
Their GELATO is so good...I woud even say that they give you too much! And for a GELATO lover like me...that says it all! I also went for lunch and I ordered their Caprese chicken with a side salad...very tasty. This is a real Italian corner, you actually feel in Italy... Looking forward to going back to Orlando and visit them again!!!
This is my 3rd time here but my first review.  I really appreciate this place. Is just awesome.  from the friendly service to the delicious food. Fresh pastas and bread ( Check), homemade sauces like the Bolognese sauce or pesto ( check), green and made on the spot salads like the arugula ( check) ,Italian wines(check) ,delicious desserts and sorbets ( check) . And If you like to do a little shopping on your way out ,there is a great selection of everything . Like the name all Italian market!!  .everyone needs to try this little but big on heart place in Hunters creek.
Love, love, loveeeee that I found this place while on vacation in Orlando!!! Thank you fellow Yelpers for writing such great reviews. Because of you I just had to check this place out. The minute you step inside you're welcomed by their small market filled with Italian pastas, sweets and delicacies imported straight from Italy. Everything is homemade, from the sauces to the pastas to the desserts!!! Our waiter Giueseppe was wonderful and made our first experience there unforgettable. We started off with bruschetta. It was topped with pesto on a fresh slice of ciabatta. I had the lasagna that just came out of the oven 30 minutes ago!!! It was a great balance of sauce and pasta and tasted like no other lasagna I've ever had before. My husband had the lobster ravioli with the 4 cheese sauce and it tasted delicious! All pastas are $9.99! Not bad at all for real Italian food. If you go to Olive Garden or Maggiano's, a pasta dish will easily be over $14.99 and definitely not as good or authentic. They also had a great selection of 25 different paninis made with Italy's freshest ingredients. Didn't try them but I'm sure they are all great too! Now let's get to the best part of my experience...The desserts were TO DIE FOR! Seriously. Check out the photos I took, and you'll see what I mean :) I was able to have a taste of 4 different desserts. Tiramisu, cannoli, nutella cheesecake and almond cake. ALL of them were delicate, fresh and delicious!!! We also tried a coffee soda. It was interesting since I'd never had a coffee soda before, but good nonetheless. All in all, this hidden authentic family run market and deli has been added to my "must visit every time I go to Orlando" list!!! :D Thank you All Italian Market & Deli for taking me to Italy!!! P.S. There is a quaint, sweet tea house next door! (wishesbrewteahouse.com)
I stopped in this place when they first opened but never wrote a review. I thought their selection was not great and pretty much forgot about the place. This week I was going to grab some ice cream nearby and decided to stop in for another look. I figured by now they should have a better selection of items from when they first opened. We walked in and immediately noticed a live band playing and some people seating at a table. We thought nothing of it and I was drawn to some packaged cookies I saw. Well, as my wife and I were looking at this package of cookies, we were approached by an employee and asked if we had a reservation. We replied with no and the lady snatched the package of cookies from my hand and told us that they were having a private party. She then quickly escorted us to the door and told us to come back the next day. As she was closing the door in our faces, I told her that they should have posted a sign outside. She pointed to a piece of paper that was taped to the door and then locked the door from the inside. The piece of paper had so much printed on it, it could have had the daily specials on it for all we knew. They needed to have a sign with big bold letters which stated that they were closed for a private function. We did not appreciate the way this lady handled the situation and needless to say, we will never be back!
Stopped by the market this past Saturday for the first time, and I will be back- both to eat and to shop!   As others have said, the 'process' can be a bit confusing...  Do I sit?  Do I order at the counter?  Do I want the sandwich menu or the more complete meal menu?  Even though it is a bit confusing, just sit down and let them know what you are looking to order, and they will take care of you. Had a bruschetta and a panini...  Both were very good.  Personally, I don't like balsamic on my tomato bruschetta- I think it overpowers the tomato and basil flavor that I want from that dish.  But the flavors were very good indeed.  The panini was very good as well. As a local, I will be back for sure to both grab a bite and buy food to prepare at home.
