Mikado Sushi is a small restaurant in Hunter's Creek but don't let the size of the place fool you because the food is really good. We started our meal(lunch) with the fried calamari and it was amazing. We also had three different rolls the mexican roll, volcano roll and the yummy roll. They were all extremely good, the yummy roll had tuna, white fish, shrimp and salmon and they were all fresh. For dessert we had the fried bananas and the fried ice cream they were both extremely good especially the fried bananas. Everything tasted delicious and the presentation was just beautiful.
This is our favorite sushi place in Orlando.  Tim (sushi chef) is awesome! Fish always fresh, the presentation is beautiful, and the service exceptional.  Have tried almost every roll on the menu - My favorite rolls are the Thai Pham Special and Out of Control.  Their lunch special is a great value.  Enjoy!
This place had some of the best sushi I've ever had! We have tried a lot of sushi bars in the area, and this was awesome. We had the bonsai tree roll and the lobster tempura roll.  The bonsai tree was very refreshing and made a good appitizer, as it came out a few minutes before the lobster.  The lobster roll was really good too, and the sauce on it was sweet. All the sushi that was coming out looked really good, and I can't wait to go back again.  The only thing that was kind of disappointing was the house salad.  The ginger dressing was really good, but the lettuce was not very good.  They also forgot to give us the hot towel before our meal, which is a small detail, but I was dissapointed. Definately going back!
The best sushi in Hunter's Creek! I bring my family here all the time. My wife loves the Mexican roll. It has shrimp tempura, cream cheese, avocado, cucumber, and a mango salsa on top. Great staff! Fresh food! prices are good for what you get. Ask for the spicy seafood soup! It's not on the menu any more but simply yummy. Also I order a wasabi hot roll! Can't find that anywhere else. The selection  of Sashimi is not huge but fresh. Try the fluke. I don't like the music they play but I'm being picky now.
Really enjoyed this place!  Most of the Japanese restaurants in Orlando are mainly hibachi it is nice to find a regular sushi place that has really good food and great service!
Having been stationed in Japan for 2 years I guess this place is ok.
I live in South Florida now but have not found a place as good as Mikado! I miss going to lunch and always having a great experience as well as great food!
I love their volcano roll! So good! Their other rolls are good too!  They are just slightly more in the expensive side too. The volcano roll will keep me coming back though.  Place is really clean. Staff is really nice.  And it's great for lunch too! Try the volcano roll, you won't regret it!
We are visiting Disney World and found Mikado via Yelp reviews.  Honestly, the reviews are totally correct.  The restaurant has a wonderful feel and energy.   The food was fanstastic.  Their sashimi was thickly cut and very tasty. The super white tuna was amazing. Their spicy green muscles were some of the best we have had, and their rolls did not disappoint at all. Their sake selection is very good, and they have plenty of both cold and hot options.   The cost was extremely reasonable for three people, and less then I expect back home in Chicago, so we're all very happy we listened to the reviewers here and gave it a shot! I highly recommend Mikado.
Great tasty menu in suburb Orlando. The Sushimi lunch at $22 was a perfect meal. The fish chunks were real big and I got lots of them. They were also very fresh. I don't live in Orlando but when I come back, I will visit this restaurant again.
This food was amazing!! I went with my aunt and mother because i was craving sushi. It's a cozy restaurant but a great atmosphere. The service was great! I ordered the tiger roll and vegetable tempura. It was a good portion, But the highlight of the meal was the bento boxes. These amazing meals had teriyaki (chicken beef or another option), a whole roll of sushi, seaweed salad, veggie tempura, shrimp dumplings and white rice. Great price! And awesome sake! Will deffinatley come here again!
There are plenty of sushi restaurants between our house and Mikado but we always make the 20 minute drive because we know we will not be disappointed. My husband and I are faithful Mikado customers and take friends and family there all of the time so they can enjoy it too. The restaurant is small but we have never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a table. Cleanliness is very important to us especially with raw foods such as sushi. You can see the sushi chefs making your sushi rolls at the sushi bar. Mikado sushi chefs themselves can be seen dusting the shelves and cleaning constantly. The food is always fresh and the staff is always friendly and professional. This restaurant provides a cozy and relaxed atmosphere, perfect for a group of friends or date night. The avocado salad is DELICIOUS and the mango roll is the best I've ever had. We compare other popular sushi spots to Mikado and they never are as good. The prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of food that you receive. If you want GOOD quality sushi at an affordable price, this is where you need to go!
They have really good sushi here its a bit pricey but worth it.  Food presentation is lovely.  One of the better Japanese chain here in Orlando.  My mom loves this place too.
This is a great spot to come to during lunch time. The decor is nice. Dark wooden interior with HD tvs mounted on either side of the room.  The interior isn't very spacious, but I guess you could say its cozy. The staff seems friendly enough and I've even had a waitress acknowledge my friend who is a regular there. They have a great lunch special where you get a choice of soup or salad with ginger dressing, and 2 rolls for approximately $10.  I normally get the crunch roll and the philly roll. Mmmmmm . Not the most elaborate rolls I know but great none the less
This is our Go-To Sushi place for Lunch when I'm in the office. I would say we come here about once a week or so. It's great! They have good lunch specials and the service is always friendly. I generally get the two roll lunch ( I pick the shrimp tempura and California Roll but they have other options as well) . Not exciting but it is always great! On our last visit I got the Bento Box. It was a lot of food for a great price but not all of it was great. The fried rice wasn't my favorite and the dumpling was so-so but that was ok because there was a TON of other stuff on the plate that was really good.
Beautiful, great service and super fresh!
This Japanese restaurant is one of my favorites. Great environment and in a very nice location. Only have been there a few times, definitely can't wait to come back. Great food and service is pretty good. My favorite roll is the Dragon-roll with extra eel sauce :) Also the miso soup and ginger salad is always a plus + who's coming with me for my next visit?? haha Thanks Mikado Sushi!!!!
We had an amazing time here with a large group. The service was wonderful and the food even better. The price was right on. We went for dinner and had a terrific time. Clean and small place.
We found Mikado on yelp and the ratings did not lead us astray. Delicious and creative sushi rolls, friendly staff and not too expensive! The only down side? That we live a thousand miles away and cannot eat here more often!
The fish wa s as fresh as it gets.  I had the Deluxe Sahimi and the conch was nice and crunchy.  Wait staff left nothing to be desired.   Best sushi I have had in the Orlando Area.  I will come back again and again.
I love this place, i only come here for the sushi and never leave disappointed. They are consistent and very fresh. Prices are very fair and service it's always great and friendly.
Staff is always friendly and the food is always amazing!! Whether you live in the area or you have to drive all the way across town like me this place is a MUST visit!!
Great sushi rolls! Great service! Would go back anytime. Had a group of 8 people.
OK, i understand its the holidays, but if a menu has a "lunch special" it should state it on the menu when its valid. Since the server brought us bad news, that they don't serve lunch specials just cause its "christmas eve", is ridiculous. as if they don't make enough money. Anyway, i had the Chicken Tempura - it was okay. but i do like how they all come with rice n soup. that should be standard anyway for paying a 13dollar meal. the wifey had the philly roll and the salad, which was OK also. service was good, and the atmosphere was good. all the decor seemed pricey. EH, i had better food for cheaper price. but good job on trying Mikado.
Very good ginger salad.  Good sushi, large portions.  I love sushi and I couldn't finish all they brought.
WE have visited many times both for dine in and take out. Love their sushi.
Not the best sushi I've ever had, but very solid and probably close to the best I've had in Orlando.  Pretty huge selection of rolls that are unique to their place as well as the standards (ex. California roll).  If you are looking for sushi in Orlando, this is probably your place, just don't plan it being amazing.
Love this place. You will have to wait a while and the service is kinda crap but wow it is always great
We were craving Japanese and we decided to try Mikado because it was close by.  Excellent sushi, I had sashimi (tai, kona kampachi, conch, tako) all were very fresh and tasted great. I also had the Drama Queen roll and their Spider roll. All tasted great, although I think I would have liked a little less sriracha on the Drama Queen as it took away flavor from the fresh fish and jalapeno on top. My wife got the green ginger salad which she liked, as well as the vegetable tempura appetizer which was prepared like a pro. The tempura was one of the best I've had as it had the perfect crispiness to it and wasn't heavily battered.  She also got the veggie roll which she liked but there was something in the roll she didn't like (we thought it was seaweed).  We will definitely be back, but next time she will try the A.A.C roll.   Service was awesome, i never had to ask for anything and she was very attentive. Can't wait to come back and try some of their different rolls.
Went here on Christmas Eve, as other places were closed. Extremely reasonable prices, yummy sushi rolls, and really elegant presentation. Was not as much of a fan of the teriyaki (too salty), ice cream (ice crystals, better to go to the ice cream shop around the corner) and soups (just not great).
Yelp comes through again.  In town from NC for work, and was in the mood for Sushi.  Good food, good service and reasonably priced.  Couldn't have asked for better.  WIll definitely go back, when I am in town again.
So far this is the best Sushi place in Orlando. We just moved to Orlando from CA and we LOVE sushi. Sushi is a lot more expensive here in Orlando which doesn't make sense but it is what it is. Mikado Sushi is great with great service at the sushi bar. We only eat a sushi bars because we like the interaction with the sushi chefs. The food is great here and they give good suggestions on the rolls. The Drama Queen roll and the Out of Control Rolls are our favorites. You should try this place out soon.
Mikado in hunters creek is my favorite Japanese American restaurant in central FL. The Mikado roll is a most if you like rolls! Since I am staying away from rice y order the tuna avocado salad and the Kasio salad.
Pretty good sushi restaurant. Waitress was attentive and friendly, and our food came out in good time. Had the sashimi plate and the portions of each fish was good, and the chefs didn't skim on those. Not much I can say about this place that hasn't already been said. Would go again.
Overall a pretty good spot. We stopped in late one night after a long day out and about before returning to our hotel and we were very happy we did. The service is a little slow, but the food is fantastic. The prices are very inexpensive when it comes to sushi. The portions are big and the fish is fresh. No complaints at all.
So good! We had edamame, vegetable dumplings, agadashi tofu, tofu teriyaki (which they graciously pointed out was made with chicken broth...so they substituted with tempura sauce), vegetable fried rice, and the cold pear sake. Everything was so tasty, and service was great. We will definitely go back when in Orlando.
Food is decent but very pricy for what it is. Portion are kind of small though... But what i am the most upset about is that 2 of my favorite servers (i met when i ate at some other restaurants around) quit because her manager who is also one of the sushi chef named Tim was being always unrespectful and rude to them, and the hostess named Ruby kept stealing cash money from every servers without never ever being punished. So guys~ from now on please hand ur cash tip directly to the server!
I really love their Sushi, great flavor, fresh incrediients and a great presentation round out why I love this place. Ecolar is awesome, yello fin tuna and spicy tuna all tom my favorites
Living in Hunters Creek there really are a lot of restaurants around you. But... Mikado is One Of the Best sushi restaurants around. It is delicious, it is quick, the staff is super pleasant, and best if all it is not over the top expensive. My fiancé and I go regularly and spend about $50. But we eat like champs! Edemames, shrimp shumai, 3 rolls, two beers and an extra large sake! I highly recommend the rainforest roll, the out of control and the hot momma. Sooo delicious!
This place punctually opens at 11:30 am for lunch M-F and it's probably the closest sushi place to me which is why I went here for lunch.  The sushi is fresh which is welcoming and the service is quick.  There are lunch specials available M-F and they come with soup or salad.  It's not the best Sushi place I have been to, but the proximity makes up for it.
Oh my GOD, Good!! Idk if anyone's noticed, but unless your around Disney, the foods kinda. . Well, awful! Lol. I was starving, needing something quick & had a craving for some sushi. I was a little apprehensive walking towards it but as soon as I got to the door and saw how inviting it was, and how many people were seated, eating what looked be amazing rolls, I figured I'd give it a try. And I wasn't disappointed! The miso soup had a lot of chunks of tofu, & wasn't really salty- which I loved. I ordered the Las Vegas roll & the Drama Queen roll- VERY good. Drama queen was my favorite, I like spicy. I'll definitely be bringing people back here!
Best sushi in town! The restaurant is clean (so are the bathrooms) and the staff is exceptional. The sushi was extremely fresh and the appetizer were fantastic! Can't wait to go back!
This little place is tucked behind ale house on john young. Small inside with about 12 tables. Atmosphere feels very homey and relaxing. Server was very friendly and polite. I wasn't really hung so orders the sashimi regular; 15 pcs assorted fish with choice of soup and ginger salad. I chose the onion soup and it was loaded with mushrooms and fried onions. It was delightful and the dressing on the salad was refreshingly sweet. My sashimi was very well cut and really fresh. The salmon was absolutely amazing. Very generous on the cuts of sashimi. My one complaint was the rice. It was bland and I didn't really care for it too much. Other than that this place is pretty good for sushi and sashimi.
Very nice small quiet place. We had the sushi lunch special, delicious! Shrimp tempura roll, boston roll, tuna avocado roll and fried calamari roll. It was all good, the calamari roll a little spicy, but good. We'll definitely come back. :)
Looked for the best sushi place in Orlando on Yelp and this came up as the clear winner.  Mikado would be good in any city.   The place is in a nice strip mall.   The interior is simple and clean.   The menu of sushi creations and hot dishes is excellent.   The quality of the food and the preparation are all excellent.   Even simple dishes like fried tofo and udon noodles is made with great care.   The flavor profile for the rolls are so well done.   Also, the service is very good, helpful and very attentive.   The fifth star is for the inexpensive pricing, which says a lot considering the complexity of the dishes.  I'm so coming back and will be asking for Emma my server.
Awesome quiet place for exquisite sushi. Wonderful service and a great atmosphere. Must go!
Agadashi Tofu was delicious. I'm a big fan of this dish and have eaten in many different places and know what I like. This one was perfect! Soft shell Crab Roll was very tasty, though the cucumber was cut a little to thick. Also the Tako (Octopus) was cut too thick, but in general, good standards. I'm visiting family and searched for this restaurant on Yelp and hoped for the best. I'm glad I wasn't totally disappointed. Nice atmosphere.
We were visiting Orlando for 10 days. Found this place on the first day. We actually came back three more times. Very good. Tried the Mango roll every time. Excellent, usually would have several rolls and a few pieces of nigiri Highly recommend.
Great sushi with lots of original choices. Fish was very fresh - this is the main thing I look for at a sushi place. I even enjoyed desert!
Great service and great food! The plum wine is a must-try, and the tofu terriyaki was cooked to perfection. The waitress was very polite and the food came promptly.
Not the best sushi in the area, but a good selection of good food. I recommend the Teriyaki Chicken Bento Box.
Great sushi spot in Orlando! Everything tasted fresh! As with most of Orlando everything is pretty touristy but This place was a great sushi spot. Better than some restaurants I have been to in Miami and London.
I can't say enough good things about this place. It is my favorite Sushi Restaurant in the greater Orlando Area. Quality ingredients and fish, with expressive plates with lots of wonderful colors and garnishes. The rice is beautifully cooked well salted and perfect. I love their Key West Conch Salad. It's back on the menu. The fatty tuna sashimi was also highlight but then again everything is a highlight from one amazing dish to the next.
I love this place!!! I've been there a few times this month and love their house salad. Their ginger dressing is divine!!! Their bento box is delicious and also their rolls. Mango roll is one of my favorites. I just wish their service was as great as the food! The hostess is never in the front of the restaurant and the waitress is nice but takes too long to refill my drink or bring my check! Once I was 5 minutes at the door to be seated because the hostess was in the kitchen!!!
Very good food. All the rolls were great. Spicy tuna especially. Banana tempura was great as well.
I like sashimi, but i am admittedly a specialty roll fanatic, and this place has some of the best combinations i have ever tried. The mango had different textures of mango; the rolls were all complex, the mexican ROLL was great, and others stood out above average. Every roll was excellent and the prices were super fair. Almost all rolls were between $9-12, the hot momma was amazing, grilled lobster roll for $9.50!! Where i come from utter the word lobster   and its $20 guaranteed. You have to try this sushi SPOT, it is worth the drive from the parks.
Mikado, you are scrum-diddly-umptious.  After reading the reviews on Yelp, I figured it was time to give it a shot and I was not disappointed.   The miso soup was the finest I've ever had, with just the right degree of saltiness.  I ordered a pair of sushi rolls, Tango Mango and Banzai Tree.  Both zipped right out.  Each was flavorful and fresh.  Tango Mango has, shockingly, mangos and the Banzai Tree is wrapped in cucumber instead of rice.   To close, I finished with the delicious vanilla, strawberry and green tea Japanese ice cream.  The external coating on the ice cream is made of rice that gives a nice twist on an old favorite. Give Mikado a shot, the food is excellent, the service is wonderful and your wallet won't wilt when you see the bill.
We love sushi so we drove about 20 kms (from Disney Downtown) thinking this was actually a hidden gem. Great service but was VERY disappointed at the food. The sushi quality was below average. Very mushy and small. Also, it was a bit expensive for its quality. From the ones we visited while in trip in Orlando, Amura is by faaaar, the best!
My wife and I have been to Mikado many many times and each time is a wonderful experience.  Mikado has the best sushi we have ever had.  We would eat here at least once a week.  Everything we have eaten here is just wonderful.  We've tried multiple appetizers and countless sushi rolls.   We have never had a meal from the kitchen so we cannot comment on that, but everything at the sushi bar is magnificent.   The sushi is always fresh and just melts in your mouth.  The flavors of the rolls are so good, you don't even need any sauces!  A little ginger and wasabi is about all I put on mine just for that added kick. Like the other reviewer has stated, we are spoiled and eating sushi anywhere else would just not satisfy us.  We tried eating sushi on a recent trip to NYC and were so disappointed.  When we returned home, Mikado was the first place we visited. The service and food is top notch!
This review is based on a call-in order I picked up. Highs:  Flavor, technique, freshness.  While these are three of the most important characteristics of quality in a restaurant, they are probably even more important when it comes to a sushi place.  By its nature, it must be beautiful, have great flavors that are complementary and the seafood HAS to be fresh.  We ordered a Magic Roll and a King Lobster roll off their Special Roll menu.  In both cases the flavor was excellent, particularly the tempura lobster and asparagus combination.  Technique was outstanding with crisp tempura, tightly rolled, and beautifully portioned. Lows:  One tiny soy sauce soufflé cup for us to share.  C'mon, put in one PER ORDER.  Two special rolls = Two soy sauce soufflé cups.  The bag was nicely packed and stapled shut when I picked up the order so I really couldn't have checked it otherwise.  It may seem like a tiny thing, but we didn't have enough soy sauce, so the last couple of bites felt incomplete. Overall:  I like including my kids when my wife and I go out to eat.  While they will venture into interesting foods from time to time, sushi is NOT an area they've been open to explore yet.  And since there really isn't a sushi form of chicken fingers (opportunity perhaps?), we tend to order sushi to go vs. eating in.  This is our second order from Mikado and both times, it's been fantastic.  And since we're picking up, we haven't had to deal with the service issues other reviewers have experienced. Finally, I believe you can tell a great sushi place by the quality of their Wasabi.  In general, my philosophy is that greatness is found in the details.  And while Mikado knocks it out of the park with the detail they apply to their sushi, it is refreshing to see that they apply the same care to their Wasabi.  Now if I could just get them to add the second cup of soy sauce...
Yasai gyoza and tempura sweet potato rolls are my fav veggie fare here.
Banzai and pink lady rolls! Not that many sushi restaurants do rolls not wrapped in rice. I prefer a least one to reduce carb intake. Excellent service and the rolls were good. Next time in the area, I will definitely come again.
Mikado has the best sushi in Orlando, hands down. I tried sushi here for the first time and trying many places around Orlando nothing compares. The Mexican roll is amazing! It has shrimp tempura, cream cheese, avocado, cucumber, and a mango salsa on top. I've never had a friend not like it even if they don't love sushi. Their vegetable noodles are great too and the portions are huge so you'll always have some to take home. Their service is great too and although the place is typically packed, the tables move fast enough so you're not waiting an hour outside.
Decadent, gorgeous, palate pleasing..... yes friends, I am talking about the Sushi.  Hubby and I sat at the Sushi bar watching it all be made, ooooh it was torture, because there was no possible way to have it ALL!!   The service was friendly efficient and they were very patient when we kept pointing at the rolls flowing by and asking which one is that??  I am sorry that I cannot tell you all we ate,.... but I can say that everything tasted amazing! The ambiance was perfect, they restaurant was full, and so were we!! GO Go GO!!!!!!!!
Found this place in Orlando via a Yelp search Sushi was very good, fresh and tasty as it should be. I thought it was a litle over priced, but it is in a high rent district but as long as the sushi was fresh we didn't mind to much. Basic rolls were in the $5 category, speciality rolls were between $10 to $12 each. We would go here again when in Orlando. It was worth the drive from I-Drive over to this place.
Reaaally great Sushi! Quiet relaxing Atmosphere. Beautiful Presentations! Oh.. And great Sushi!!! Good place to bring a chick!
Great sushi but both my companion and I felt extremely ill and uncomfortably stuffed after eating here. Don't get me wrong the food was great and neither of us got violently sick or anything. I eat sushi often so I don't know what the deal was!
Save your money. The rolls were terrible and when I pointed out that they sent me the wrong one they sent me a new roll with no fish. Very disappointing experience especially considering the prices.
Their food is pretty good. The portion sizes for the price are reasonable. I ordered a lobster roll which had large pieces of lobster which was impressive. The customer service could improve but overall a good experience.
Friendly server, nice atmosphere and great lunch options. The miso soup was better than most places. The chicken katsu was tasty but I'd stick with the sushi options. One of the best eel rolls I've had. We also enjoyed the spicy tuna, tuna avocado and dynamite rolls. I will definitely be back for lunch again.
I was on vacation in Orlando with my husband and two kids (1yr and 3yr) and decided to do takeout because we just wanted to relax back at our hotel.  I did not want to be stressed entertaining the kids during a dine-in. This place appears to not cater to out-of-town phone orders.  I called in our $60 (3 rolls and 1 main entree) order for a pickup that they said would be ready in 20 minutes, and gave them my cell number (an out-of-town number) at their request. Poor Service: We arrived 25-30 minutes later.  I waited in the car with my toddlers while my husband went inside to pick up our food.  He did not return for another 20 minutes!...ending up in a situation I intended to avoid by calling in advance. Mediocre Food: I like to venture out and try all sorts of sushi restaurants.  The quality of the sushi here was not that great.  Presentation was sloppy.  Taste was mediocre.  As a fan of California rolls, the King California roll and its crabmeat did not taste right or fresh.  I chose not to eat it to avoid the chance of getting sick on this vacation. They provided a good amount of soy sauce, and their prices were inexpensive.  With all the other good reviews here, I might give them another try if I come into town again in case this was a rare mishap.
Pleasantly surprised to find a quality Japanese restaurant in Orlando, Florida.  The price is on the higher side, however it is worth it.
Dined here twice recently. Sushi was great!   Must try the Drama Queen and the Hot Mamma rolls
Best sushi in Orlando. Fresher than in some places in California. Don't miss this hidden gem in Hunter's Creek!! Don't let the unassuming exterior fool u!! This place is a don't miss in Orlando if u r a sushi lover!!! Plus, the edamame is the best I've ever had anywhere from coast to coast!!
We love this location. They have very fresh fish and great service. we drive all the way from Windermere to eat there. Tonight we have a reservation for a Valentine romantic dinner. Very clean. Captain Johnny M.
Being a sushi addict, I went to this place twice, for lunch and dinner after reading Yelp. For dinner, I had the Trio Sashimi which include 5 each of tuna, salmon and yellow tail for $24. They run out of Uni so I ordered two slices of Otoro for $7.25 each.  The Trio is fresh enough but the Otoro is the low quality kind. Don't waste money like I did on 2 tough pieces of tuna. For lunch, the Sashmi lunch for $12 is a steal. The white tuna is particularly good. I also had the Rainbow roll ($9.95) and the Benzai Tree($7.95) which are not bad but not exciting neither. Overall, this is the place for common fish like farm raised salmon and tuna. If you like the American style rolls or cheap raw fish for a good price, this is the right place to go. However, if you like real and exotic Japanese food, this is a disappointment. Service:      4 Food:          3 Price:          3 Ambience: 4
Brief update: Lion king so good. Dragon pretty good. Philly pretty good. Tango mango good. Dynamite eh. King cali eh. Tempura! Shrimp and veggie delicious. Chicken, weird. Fried ice cream. Geeen tea ice cream. Good. Chicken teriyaki. So good. Veggies under the chicken, drenched in teriyaki sauce. To die for.
Seriously? Four and a half stars for this? Really? Sushi rice was cold, flavorless, packed together with no sense at all. Selection was run-of-the-mill at best -- no otoro, uni, baby yellowtail, clam, or aji, for example -- not a single seasonal special. Happily we foresaw the difficulties to be encountered with ordering the sushi, and ordered pretty reliable Japanese dishes. Nothing amazed -- nothing pulled this restaurant above the 2-star level. The pork tonkatsu was okay, the gyoza nothing to write home about. The ginger dressing that another reviewer raved about was straight out of a bottle. It seems really to be a Thai restaurant with a Japanese menu (not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just... not... well... authentic?). Waitstaff and sushi chefs seemed nice enough, though, and there's an okay sake selection [there seems to be one sake distributor out there who's stocking all the sushi places with the same decent brands. Thank you, sir!]. Perhaps it's just an Orlando thing, but the enthusiasm with which other reviewers have embraced this restaurant makes me rethink my respect for Yelp, and for crowdsourcing in general.
We really enjoy this place, not too expensive (for a sushi place) and food has always been good. we come about once a month and always leave fat and happy. *we reserve 5 stars for places that really rock our world
Terrible service, front desk staff were very unwelcoming and seated our party of 6 at a table for 4 even though the restaurant was not full. We landed up canceling one of our dishes as they were not accommodating with the fish selection, this did not seem to bother them. The fish seemed fresh, and my only other comment is that their menu isn't reflective of what is served. For example the Sashimi combo included fish eggs, octopus and crab stick (none of which were on the menu), whilst I understand that the restaurant assumes that patrons will enjoy these items that is not always the case, specifically with allergies and out of the ordinary foods. Overall VERY disappointing based on the reviews I read.
This is one of the best sushi places in Hunter's Creek. They have good lunch specials and it's a cozy little spot. I like to call in orders and pick it up on the way home.. my food is usually ready in 10 minutes.
The food wasn't bad for the locale...but...WARNING - we went as a large group on 3/21 and 3 of us got FOOD POISONING (I have an iron stomach but got violently ill). Not sure what the culprit was, but one of us only ate vegetarian (salad, udon, fluke, salmon, amaebi, some spicy roll with jalapenos on top, veg gyoza, veg sushi)...so that means call the health inspector! Found another report of it on Trip advisor after the fact :(
Second time to this place during lunch time. Definitely love it. The special is still great with two rolls, soup or salad for about $10. Dark wood interior with TV's mounted on either side of the room. I had the Shrimp Tempura and Chicken Tempura Rolls. They both tasted great and we well put together. Cant beat the price of the lunch special (that I know of). I'll definitely be stopping by more often for sushi here.
This was probably the freshest Sushi I have had in Orlando.  The Escolar was buttery and perfect.  The Tuna Tartare was amazing and the speciality rolls were off the charts.  Ending the meal we had Mochi ice cream.  Light, fresh and clean.  Not many Sushi restaurants in Orlando carry it and should.  I would take that over the fried cheese cake all the others push. Not just good, it's great!
