My favorite neighborhood spot! they have a nice selection of fresh soups, salad and hot entrees.  I've tried pretty much everything on their menu. Everything is amazing!! My favorite is the mushroom brie soup. OMG what a delicious soup! I'm sure thousands of calories. But who cares about calories when you find something so delicious.  They change up the soups on a daily basis.  So I have to either call ahead or stop in to see what the soups of the day are.  They have four different soups everyday.  You can always ask for a sample before buying. Customer service is outstanding! Everyone that works here is super friendly and genuinely friendly/happy.
It is always a welcomed surprise to wander into an unknown place only to be wowed. Orlando has several major foodie pockets, Winter Park, Mills 50, Thornton Park to name a few. What about Hunter's Creek? People live and play there too. The Loop on Osceola Parkway rivals Waterford Lakes on the east side of town. Around Town Center Blvd is as bustling as Park Ave without the flashy cars and high end snobbery. This is where I discovered a little gem, Bistro Europa Express. This inviting place sits on a corner storefront. There are quaint tables and chairs that line the sidewalk outdoor. Indoor seating is a combination of regular height and high top tables and chairs. Walking in greets you to the delicious glass counter. Forget looking at the menu, this is where the eye candy starts. Amazing colors and smells swarm and envelops to tantalize the senses. Looking up to the menu board leaves you conflicted. What not to order? Everything seems amazing. But the glass showcase is to capture the eyes. Almost everything else is made to order. The Greek and Mediterranean inspired dishes, small wine selections, beer, fountain drinks, coffee drinks offer something for everyone even kids. We settled on something light and less adventurous. Latte I am not a coffee buff by any means, but I can smell a good coffee. Nice frothy head swirled with smooth strong notes. My companion enjoyed it. Turkey and Brie Panini with Lemon Chicken Soup was a hearty meal and great presentation. The soup was packed with flavors. Turkey was tender and delicious. A nice healthy portion. Gyro with Macaroni and Cheese was a filling portion. This generous lamb portion was lightly salted and succulently tender. The mac and cheese was creamy. Baklava with Walnuts came fresh out of the oven. Yes, I saw it coming out. How many restaurants do you know make their own Baklava? Many import from some famous store in Michigan. Not this place. It is made in house with walnuts and pistachio. Do you think fresh made would taste different? Go taste this tender, flaky, delicate, not too sweet, crunchy bite full and then let me know about your favorite hole that buys from somewhere else. I dare you. As for me, I found my little slice of paradise. Not too often do you find a warm welcome feeling from counter ordering establishments. It seems like this place embraces you from the warm welcome and every step of service. I am always moved when people make eye contact and nod, even to just acknowledge that you exist in the same space as they do. I am more excited when restaurants offer free portions on the house just for asking about an item. That shows an enormous amount of confidence in their product and genuine hospitality. Is it because this restaurant is nestled in the very neighborly residential Hunter's Creek that it seems very warm? I think this is it's culture. I am definitely going back to order more adventurously. This time I might just order from pointing at what captivates my eyes. That could put me in a whole heap of foodie goodness.
I read so many positive reviews of Bistro Europa Express that I was excited to try it. I left a little disappointed. My friend and I were starving after a day of shopping and wanted a quick lunch. We stopped in on a Monday in the middle of their lunch rush. I felt the whole ordering process is pretty confusing. You order your food at the counter and then pay. If you order a create your own salad you are to step to the end of the counter and tell them what you want in your salad. However, no one told me this after I ordered. I just stood around for a minute with my number wondering what to do next. I ordered a salad and a soup. I figured after my salad was made someone would quickly get my soup and hand me my salad and soup together and I would be ready to eat. Nope. My salad now went and sat at the end of the counter waiting for yet another employee to get the soup. Once the soup was finally added next to the salad I watched my food just sit on the counter with five other dishes. I eventually went up and asked someone if they could please bring out my food. The soup I ordered was very good. The salad was also pretty decent. For this being an "Express" place, I felt timing was way off. I wouldn't be able to come here on my lunch break without being late for work.
Good fresh food had the mushroom soup it was very good also a salad that was hand prepared like at a subway then brought to the table. Overall good value and portions!
Good and fresh. Wide variety of fresh stuff.  Salads, yummy soups, Paninis and other sandwiches. I had the rotisserie chicken and one side of veggies. Chicken was a bit dry but with the included tasty sauce it was good. The veggies were very fresh garlicy goodness. No complaints from the other 5 diners, in all a fortuitous stop while passing thru Orlando.
Was in the area and wanted to eat healthy for lunch. The place is clean, staff is ok but seems disorganized.  I ordered a cup of tomato bisque and steak salad. The soup tasted like a condensed soup from can and the salad was beyond horrifying! The meat tasted so old and reheated. One of the staff asked me how was my food, which I politely said it's ok. She kept asking me "are you sure?"  So I took the chance and explained that the meat tasted old. She was kind enough to offer me a grilled chicken...but it tasted worst than the beef. I literally ate 1 strip of both the beef and chicken.  In short, it wasn't worth $12 at all and most likely I won't be returning back or recommend this place. The after taste of the meat was still in my mouth that it took 2 bottles of perrier to wash it out. Sorry I know it sounded gross but sums it all up of my total experience.
I ordered the build your own salad with 7 toppings and a protein, $10 total for an enormous portion. The rotisserie chicken was flavorful but the vegetables and dressing was average quality. I'd say on par with Panera's quality of vegetables, maybe a little fresher. My salad was decent and no complaints from me other than the confusing ordering process. I'm not sure I'd go back over Panera or building my own salad at Whole Foods. There's not much else for healthy options in this area, so if you need to grab a meal it's a good bet, just not a destination location.
The food is here is SOOO SOOO bland. I went in for a Gyro and was impressed by how pretty and clean it was. They do offer a lot of variety and it looks like relatively healthy food. I got a chicken Gyro with fries and my GF got a vegetarian Gyro.  Her Gyro didn't bring any vegetables except for grilled onions and hummus. I am pretty sure they don't know what a vegetarian Gyro is.  My chicken Gyro was flavorless and the fries tasted like they just poured them out of a frozen bag. and then I had their home made Lemonade that was really sour and tasted kind of like talc powder.  In sum, I definitely won't be coming back.
Mediocre. I was expecting much better. I ordered the chicken pesto sandwich. I could barely taste any pesto. The chicken was super dry and stringy. There was a tiny hair in the middle of my sandwich. And they serve Pepsi products... Yuck. Probably not going back.
What a find! Fresh! Fresh! Fresh! Excellent menu selection, fresh everything. I had the trio, soup, salad, and sandwich for $9! Everything made your way. Will definitely be back again. Btw, the place was spotless at lunch time!
I used to love this place for lunch. I loved how you could ask for whatever you wanted on your salad. Went there today and boy have things changed. All different employees, very little spinach in the spring mix (I couldn't ask for just spinach), she gave me a sliver of avocado, and the chicken breast was very small. I was disappointed by the time I left.
Sometimes I just want to be the master of my salad domain without all the prep work. Romaine lettuce with some spring greens mix? Good start. Cucumbers? I like where my salad is going with this choice. Kalamata olives, artichokes, and yogurt dill dressing too? I have reached my salad nirvana. NomMm! Every time I come here the salad ingredients in their display case look  fresh and organized. No wilted lettuce leaves here, woo! My usual go to menu item is their soup and small salad combo. The soups are on a rotating basis, but if they happen to have their mushroom, brie soup; then you must sample it at least! I came here for dinner last time and decided on the triple combo, which included a half sandwich. soup, and side salad. It was my first time trying one of their deli paninis and I kind of regretted doing that. The sandwich was okay; nothing memorable, except for the charred lettuce. Who puts lettuce in a pre-made sandwich that will be pressed later? Apparently, they do. Boo!   Oh, if you like garlic and if you like skinny french fries, then you will love their Greek fries!
I love Greek food. And this place does it pretty well. The gyro platter has hella meat! Yum. So much food! Also ordered a salad that you can customize. The Caesar dressing was too creamy and not salty. But other than that I liked how you can pick your own stuff. Would def come back!
Delicious. Fresh. Not terribly expensive. Good variety. Would return if in the area.
What is going on Bistro Europa???  Many times I have lunched here and all went swimmingly. Today was the second time within the last two weeks that you have completely disappointed me and my co-worker.  I fail to see how my order ( a chicken gyro with roasted potatoes) took 25 mins!  I placed my order at 11:47 and the food was not brought to my table until 12:12. It is beyond my comprehension how  2 individuals and a family of 3 received their meals before me and when they ordered after me (they ordered the same special!)  What was going to be a nice lunch out with a co-worker to catch up turned into me watching her eat her lunch so she could then repay the favor by then watching me eat my meal. Not to mention the fact that when you brought me my meal it was wrong! I had ordered the chicken gyro and roasted potatoes but I guess you felt I needed the lamb gyro with a greek side salad.  Didn't have the time to send it back b/c by now I was nearing the end of my lunch hour and needed to eat something. Thanks again. You have made the choice easier for me when my co-workers asks where I would like to go for lunch. Not Bistro Europa!
I wanted to try something different and  a friend told me about this place. I love it. Super friendly staff and the food was also great. This place is hidden behind an Alehouse by hunters creek. I had the gyro. I haven't had an awesome  gyro like this in years. They also have a large selection of salads and sandwiches and options that would put any panera bread to shame. I'm really surprised that this place is not in every corner. I will be back.
I am in this area almost every day and never knew this place existed... That is until I found it on Yelp, and since the reviews were really good I decided to give it a try. So far I have only been here once, and I got the Gyro with the Greek Salad.... and it was AMAZING! Its going to be hard not to get it again the next time I go, because I know they they have a ton of other delicious food. This place is really small and cute - very clean - and the staff is really nice.
I have been wanting to try this place since I moved to Hunters Creek a couple months ago and finally got the chance to today. As much as I wanted to love it, I can't say I do.      I got the ham and Brie sandwich and literally the amount of Brie on it was about the size of a quarter. Since Brie is in the name of the sandwich I expected it to be a main ingredient.. Guess not. It also came with half a slice of tomato lol. I got the pick two so along with the half sandwich I got a half Caesar salad and when I got home and started eating it I found a piece of hair in the salad. I was completely disgusted so just finished my sad little sandwich that wasn't worth the $8.49 I paid for it.       My boyfriend got the chicken club and loved it which is the only reason they are getting 2 stars. I will probably give the place another chance sometime in the future but not any time soon.
This quick serve restaurant offers delicious healthy food.  Two very ample dinners usually cost us about 23.00 including drinks   You order at the counter and your food is delivered to your table by number in just minutes.   We dine here about once a month and I have been meaning to try their happy hour which is advertised on table toppers.  I have tried the Greek food, the home style side items and the salads.  As mentioned by other reviewers our favorite is the trio $8,99, where you select half a sandwich, wrap or panini then a soup and salad option.  My husband prefers the prepared pasta salad choices and I usually get the salad where you choose the items and they toss it for you or the fresh fruit cup.  I am not sure what they do but the salad here always is tastier than the ones I make at home with the same ingredients. You can get in and out of this place in no time and the food is kept fresh.  I generally see the same professional people working there and the service is good.  You fill you own soda or tea and there are some different choices including a Keurig coffee and bottled teas and waters located in a case near the front door.   Besides the food and the convenience,  the restaurant is always clean and the tables are comfortable.  A television is on near the booths in the back corner of the restaurant. Depending when you dine parking in front of the restaurant might be full but there is ample parking along the side of the building.
They have a variety of salad choices. I love a good salad bar but I wasn't impressed. The lettuce wasn't exactly fresh. The service was kinda bad. They just wanted me out of their face. I love cold cuts in my salad and I didn't see any cold cuts. Not exactly the best salad place.
This place had a little bit of everything. Salad, soup, sandwiches, flat bread sandwiches, Greek foods, and whole chickens with many hot side options! Mac n cheese is awesome! If you need to "wine down" they carry a nice selection of wines and bottle beers too. Got a sweet tooth? This place has you covered as well!
So I'm really really surprised that this place had such good ratings. I went for lunch today and the place was nearly empty. While the food on display looked lovely, nearly every table was dirty- which I don't get since there was only one person eating in. We got the Europa Platter with souvlaki and gyro meat, along with a side of hummus and two small salads. One of our salads was missing dressing and toppings and the girl behind the counter laughed when I asked for it to be fixed, but at least added the dressing (and went overboard on it). The plates that we were given to share the platter were dirty with some kinda gunk... Although the food didn't taste bad, it certainly wasn't what it should've been. The hummus was chickpea and carrot, with no sign of tahini or garlic and the souvlaki was moist but lacked any flavor. The only thing we liked was the tsaziki and they probably purchased that already made. I don think we'll be returning. $20 to share a platter and a side and neither were good.
This is the place I go for a good salad. They have an array of fresh topping choices such as broccoli, egg, avocado, fruit, edamame, etc... Plus a big selection of salad dressings, including several lite options; my favorite is the lite lemon vinaigrette. They also serve soups, sandwiches, rotisserie chicken, and various other options. The place itself is small and clean, with a nice, quiet atmosphere.
This place is like an oasis in the desert of crap food.  I love the selection of delicious and healthy options here.  Soups, salads, sandwiches, along with hot items.   The restaurant is clean, and offers ample patio seating as well.  Patio seating is very important to me--I love the outdoors. I opted for a triple special while dining here.  Soup, salad and sandwich pick.  I was pleased with the  taste and especially the freshness of the salad.  Since the dressing is tossed before your salad is served, it's a great idea to taste dressings you may not be familiar with, or just ask for it on the side. Now, the music here tends to be loud.  That should be fine if you do not notice music like I do.  When Bette Midler started singing, I had to leave.  Nothing against Bette.  She is a superstar--just not in the mood.
Quiet night more people are needed come one come all!!!! Health casual good food!! I am thinking a group of young girls would do well to hang out here have a drink with dinner!!
Yummmmmalicious. Yes, that is a word. Ok, so I have had this bookmarked since January. SO sad it's so far from downtown. I was in the area yesterday and made it a point that I had to stop here. Fresh salads, signature paninis and gourmet sandwiches, authentic Gyros and rotisserie chicken... good luck choosing. All soups, salad dressings, hummus, yogurt etc is made in house. Yes, everything is fresh, it's true. Immediately when you walk in you feel refreshed. Such a gorgeous, clean location. You are welcomes with huge cases of delicious, bright and fresh food. It's overwhelming at first because you will want everything. All the food is waving you in, "Come eat me, I will make you happy!" It's almost depressing that you can only intake so much food at one time. I had my eye on these reviews for months so I went in knowing I had to try a bit of everything. I went with a trio, you can choose a sandwich/panini, soup and a salad. They had so many options too, it was really hard to decide. I went with the fresh veggie soup, the Tomato Mozzarella Panini (Fresh Mozzarella, tomato basil and topped with a balsamic glaze) and made my salad with mixed greens, tomato, cucumber, mozzarella and the house made Mango Citrus dressing. Wow. Yes, this meal made me happy. The only thing I have to say is the soup wasn't over the top tasty but it was good. The panini and salad... delicious! I also had to get an open faced gyro with a side of fries. So glad I did. The pita was so fresh and delicious just on it's own. Top it with perfectly cooked gyro meat, fresh tzatziki sauce, onions and tomatoes and your tastebuds will sing. On top of all the delicious food, step out and enjoy your meal on the lovely patio. Oh, beer and wine also, does it get any better? Stop in here - you will be so happy you did!
Bistro Europa is a godsend Greek eatery located in the Village. It opened only last year, and it has already become a total hit! I've had a couple of food items here, and all of them have been pleasant. Nevertheless, I do play favorites. Okay, let's get right into it from order of favs: 1. The gyro plate comes 'open face' with delicious meat - the term 'open face', I was informed, means that it comes by itself, not wrapped in anything-, extremely good and well seasoned pitas, tomatoes, onions, and a mouth watering white sauce called tzaziki for $8.95. There was a period where I would only want to eat this for lunch. I was officially addicted to it, and I had to attend gyro anonymous meetings to cope and everything. But, I'm all good now. 2. The gyro sandwich comes in a generous size, and it is very scrumptious. The spiced meat, salad, condiments, and tzaziki sauce will take you out of this world. It is all rolled up perfectly in a tasty pita. Make your taste buds and tummy happy with $7.95. 3. The Europa combo comes with delicious gyro, chicken souvlaki (Well seasoned chicken pieces on a stick), tomatoes, onions, tzaziki sauce, and pita. Bring it home for $9.25. 4. While the chicken pesto panini is good too, I would consider it my least favorite from them all. It has grilled chicken, roasted peppers, provolone, and pesto on a ciabatta square. It will do a damage of $7.95 to your pocket. The other items are just very delectable, so this one is certainly overshadowed. Have any of these with either a side of fries or Greek salad. However, I would advise on getting the salad because greek salad is just sooo good. Period. The right amount of tangy flavor and cheese. They offer many other food items that I have yet to try. For instance, you can make your own salad with the varying condiments they have. If you're overwhelmed by the options, you can try one of their signature salads instead. They have many other hot and cold paninis to satisfy everyone's likes. Finally, you can also order from their rotisserie and daily menus.
The very fact they have customized salads and great greek food and its across the street from my house makes this place too good for words but i'll try my best.
This is my go-to lunch spot located near hunters creek and town center. The make you own salad, gyros, rotisserie chicken and soups are all to die for. If you like Baklava you are also in for a treat. Paninis, specials, different soups every day and brighthouse wifi hotspot all make me come back at least twice a week for lunch. Outside seating and large tables for the work crowd that eat there nearly every day, Service is amazing, I also have never been to a palce where the manager comes to each table on a consistant basis at a little lunch place, the service is top notch and everything is fresh as can be.
I tried the gyro platter here.  Came with slices of pita, a huge stack of gyro meat on top, tatziki sauce, tomatoes and onions on the side.  Also comes with a yummy greek salad.  You also have the option of choosing another side, so I chose the roasted potatoes, which I thought were really good!  The food was prepared very fast, and the staff was really accommodating and nice.  The serving size is huge, so this was enough for lunch and dinner! I would definitely come back here and try more things, their pastries/cakes, and sandwiches looked awesome!
Absolutely wonderful on all levels!  This is a great discovery for anyone that lives anywhere close to Hunters Creek or who drives down the John Young Parkway. The food is amazingly delicious, healthful, fresh and something you can always look forward to.  The service is gracious, prompt, attentive and genuine.   Faves of mine include; 1) their signature Tomato & Basil Soup, as well as their Tortilla Soup which I actually ordered one gallon of recently, just so I could have it for the weekend.  2) their sandwiches are fantastic, I happen to love the Tuna Melt Panini.  3) the Gyros are sublime.  4) they will make you any kind of crazy salad you want. I totally love this place, their great and positive attitudes, and their food which will simply make you happy.
I love any place where you can make your own salad and they had a TON of toppings to choose from including not always seen things like feta, crumbled bacon, sun dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. They also make all of their own dressings.  The salad I got was HUGE and delicious with their red wine vinaigrette. I also liked that you could add rotisserie chicken as your protein since they cook the rotisserie chickens there. As a single person, I don't usually have a huge need for a whole (or even a half) chicken, but I love it and it was great to be able it to my salad without having to worry about wasting most of a chicken & dealing with the carcass.   Since I stopped in while I was starving, my eyes happened to be drawn to the freshly baked mac & cheese immediately.  So, of course I had to get a side of that and I was not disappointed.  It was cheesy & delicious.  I also splurged on a piece of key lime pie for desert which was also yummy. Since I got one of each, I spent about $20 on dinner, but I think that normally you could get a good, fresh, healthy meal foe about half that.  I'll definitely be testing that theory in the future.
Loved the Opa, Opa fries with the Europa combo. The food was fresh and delicious and the Greek yogurt with honey and nuts was fabulous! Great little restaurant!
Very much like the layout of this place, as it does remind me of a cafe that you would see in a terminal in Frankfurt, Madrid or any number of other European cities.  Ready made paninis, salads to order are at the ready.  The grill is fired up and prepared to provide fresh grilled chicken, steak or even shrimp for your salads.  Gyros are available as is rotisserie chicken. The quality is, good - but not great.  Had the Opa Opa Fries and they were a bit soggy with not much cheese or spice. The salads were huge, just don't get the low fat dressings (not much flavor). What forced my 3 star rating was the slow, slow service. It took at least 20 minutes to get our order, even though I could see the salad sitting on the counter, dressed and all, waiting for grilled steak.
Coffee is a DIY kcup, nobody is in the place on a Saturday evening. It's very clean and looks nice but service was slow and not very welcoming. Desserts are horrible. So... If u come here don't get coffee or desserts.
This place is great! Went there last week when it was very busy but the panini was delicious! I must try it again soon ;-) I am not giving 5 stars because they run out of the panini we wanted...
Wow. Staff was super friendly. Prices were very reasonable for the amount of food we got.  The opa opa fries are to die for!  Don't be fooled, they offer way more than just salads as was our impression when we first got there. The sandwiches are delicious!  I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
Excellent food at a value price.  All the ingredients are fresh, and most of the menu items are fairly healthy (if you skip the tasty, tasty fries, lol). I ordered a Turkey and Brie Panini with a side of fries, and the meal was excellent. The restaurant has a good location, and the facility is very clean and organized. They have live music on some nights, and while it is good, i found it to be overwhelmingly loud. If you want to have a conversation, best sit outside on those nights. Other than that, I would recommend them for a quick, simple meal.
This is a hidden gem in the Kissimmee / Hunters Creek area!  My family and I have eaten here multiple times and have not been disappointed.  The food is very tasty, has a upscale casual feel, but doesn't sock it to you in the wallet.   Wish the owners much success!
I've had dinner here 4 times in the past month (excessive? probably). Can't say enough good things about their turkey & brie panini & grecco salad. My hubbie always gets the steak & bleu cheese panini with opa opa fries. Priced competitively with Panera -- though the quality is much better IMO. The staff is not very friendly & all seem like they hate being there. Nevertheless, this is my new favorite spot in the Hunter's Creek area.
I had lunch here on Friday and was really disappointed. The place is extremely understaffed , the lady at the salad station had no idea what she was doing. I mean how hard is it to make a salad????? I ordered the Cobb which was supposed to come with 5 toppings and grilled chicken. When my salad came out it was 95% lettuce (iceberg no less) I had to split the lettuce between 2 separate bows to even get to the filling. There was probably a teaspoon of each topping, one topping was missing and the grill chicken was no where to be found. I ordered a fruit cup on the side, the fruit tasted like it had been kept in a sub zero refrigerator for 3 weeks. I heard a lot of good things about this place which is why I am so disappointed to have found what I did. If you are an amateur who lives off of processed food most of the time, by all means try this place, however, if you are a foodie or a culinary professional stay away. You will want to burn this place down to the ground.
I have gone here twice and enjoyed my food and service both times.  The gyro was tasty, the salad was fresh, and the fries were really good.  Something about Greek places and fries... This is a "fast casual" restaurant with friendly service and good food. It has standard sandwiches and salads in addition to rotisserie chicken and some Greek fare.
Hands down my favorite place in Orlando to get a build your own salad. Ingredients are fresh and vast in numbers. You must get it topped with the Rotisserie Chicken. Trust me you will have no regrets. Healthy and delish!
Love it here! Food is always good, salads are fresh, and I love their selection! Gyros are also awesome.
First time I came here I got a gyro sandwich and opa opa fries to go with it ($1 extra) The gyro meat was spectacular and the service was awesome, giving me suggestions on my first time and giving me an extra large platter to open up my gyro on. The onions and lettuce help add a little crunch and spice to the meat, the tomato adds some juice, the Tzaziki sauce gives it a zing and the flatbread brings it all together. The Opa Opa fries were great as well, very addictive. Second time I came here, I got a fresh salad. You can choose up to 6 toppings + a dressing and a meat. The salad was humongous and came with 2 slices of flatbread. I got tuna and it was as fresh as could be. I actually couldn't even finish the salad it was so large and magnificent. I saved it for lunch the next day and it was just as amazing as before. Overall this place is the kitties titties and I recommend it to everyone and anyone.
Great place. I keep coming back for great gyros. Very clean place & service is always good. I'm glad this place is here.
I just visited for the, umpteenth time, and wow! They added spinach pie. This flaky creamy taste of heaven on Earth is really some of the best I've ever had. Comes with a side salad. Wish they offered a cup of soup instead of the salad or maybe even make it part of that yummy trio? Great work guys.
This is a must try Bistro. My friends and I were wanting Greek food and this was the first place to come up on the GPS. The location is in a nice area with shopping. When we walked in the door, the staff welcomed us. They had a large selection and a beautiful display. I ordered the Gyro Combo plate. I received a lot of food for a great price. The food was awesome!! I would go back to this place once a week if I lived closer.
I love this place! it has not let me down yet. Place is very clean and neat, Prices are a bit high but the food here is very good,  fresh and rations are very generous. All the Salads on the menus are awesome or build your own with infinite ingredients from the salad bar, chicken is always great and they have the best gyros ever!!.
I love this place!  Incredible fresh greens for salad with a custom mixed dressing.  Huge portion and really great prices with good service.  Recommend highly.
Great service, healthy options, live music Friday nights, family friendly and a diverse menu that ranges from roast chicken, nuggets, gyros or sandwiches. It has a little something for everyone of all ages and taste buds.
I'm definitely a fan! You can read all my thoughts here: pulseofcentralflorida.co…. I'll definitely be going back, and it's conveniently located near where I work.
Great, fresh Greek food at reasonable prices with friendly service.  Opa opa fries are evil good!  Fresh fries covered with chopped fresh garlic, olive oil and parm cheese--whats not to like.  Had the sampler for @ $10 for dinner and it was more than I could eat-which is saying a lot.  Gyro meat was the best I've ever had-period.  I'll definitely return here when I'm in Orlando. Need more options for dessert!
I really like this place so far - I went there twice in one week and both times the food was delicious. The black and blue steak sandwich was great! I took 2 friends there and they both really liked it. Great addition to Hunters Creek area!
Good fresh food.  Tomato Mozzarella Panini with Grilled Chicken and balsamic vinegar dressing is delicious.
We've been waiting for something like this in Hunter's Creek for a long time!!!  Fresh and yummy...the create your own salad options are endless and the black bean soup is to die for!!!!  LOVE IT!
Great new fresh food option for Hunters Creek. Gyro tasty. The ops ops fries way too much garlic, could more seasoning. Greek Salad tasty. Salad choices look awesome with lots of custom options.
Went yesterday almost when they closed. Ordered the Gyro Platter to go. Amazing. I have missed eating greek food since leaving NYC but I have experienced it once again. The staff is very friendly & helpful. Pita bread was soft and tasty. The side greek salad is generous as well as the gyro meat. Once again Europa Bistro has made me happy. Best part...my 6 year old loved it as well.
I thought this place was really good. I liked the Gyro and fries. They seem to have a nice menu and the food that was on display all looked very tasty. Staff was friendly and the place looked clean. I think Hunters Creek needed a place like this. I will be back to try some other things on the menu.
Fresh ingredients. Quick service. My new go to for baklava.
Nice special today salad sandwich and soup! I love their salad selection!
Amazing! Prices were super reasonable (cheap) for the huge portions of food we received for our pick 2 favorites (1/2 salad, soup) and create our own salad.  Delicious homemade dressing (I tried the berry vinaigrette, husband tried robust Italian).  Opa Opa Fries were delicious and light (not greasy at all).  Tons of food. Great quality. Great staff, as they helped us throughout the process during our first visit tonight.  We will definitely be returning to try other specialties and our favorites we discovered tonight!
I remember coming to this place when it first opened.  Clean interior, lots of smiles and nice outdoor seating.  It makes me happy to say that not much has changed since my first visit except that business seems to have really taken off!  They usually have a lunch special that usually includes a half salad and a half sandwich.  They make their salads fresh and have an assortments of fresh ingredients to add in there (olives, tomatoes, etc).  I recommend the Gyro, fries and greek salad platter.  One thing I have yet to try is what looked like fresh sweet potato pie.  They have excellent customer service and the owner and wife can be found in there on any given day serving their customers with a smile.  I asked her if she was aware of how well their restaurant was being received and she was tickled to see how much love they were receiving on here.  Service with a genuine smile, great food, and a clean establishment have this fairly new restaurant topping the charts in the Hunter's Creek area.
Very Good Gyro and Greek Salad Combo.
Great fresh high quality food.  I could eat here everyday.
So I really wanted to like this place, so much so that we went back today to try it again (this time no gyros).  I really really really wanted to like this place it is close by, very clean, and they have a great menu, but they just seem to screw up every time we've gone and today was the 2nd and last time I will go.  We went with my brother in law and his friend, my wife, and myself.  My brother in law and his friend seemed to like their sandwiches (caprese and something else not sure).  Their only complaint is that it's a little pricey for a flat bread sandwich and what they like to call a side salad (it's a joke of a salad imo, couple of pieces of field greens and a balsamic vinaigrette).  My wife and I go to order and my wife hates tomatoes.  She always asks for it on the side and no one ever has a problem doing that.  She ordered her sandwich and apparently if you order the Pick 2, it has to be a sandwich that has been sitting in the deli case for who knows how long.  The guy actually had the nerve to ask her if she minded if they just took off the tomato from one of the sandwiches or if she wanted it fresh?? Ummmm, why would she want a sandwich that has probably been sitting there all day with the tomato all squishy and gross when she can get a fresh one (and should be fresh regardless, do you see Panera doing this for their UPick 2?)  I was furious that he would even consider asking that question (I having been in the food industry would never even think about asking that), but my wife calmed me down and I ordered the Buffalo chicken sandwich.  It took a very long time for our food to come out even though it wasn't even busy, and we noted that there were 5 people behind the counter with maybe 3 of them doing absolutely nothing.  So the real nail in the coffin was after eating half my sandwich I was chewing and found a bone in my sandwich and not just a small bone.  I understand it is rotisserie, I understand it was probably freshly chopped.  The point is, you don't do that if you can't make sure all of the bones are out of the sandwich.  Having a bone in a chicken breast sandwich makes it inedible and a hazard.  If you found a bone in your fish fillet it would be inedible because of it.  Like I said I want to like this place, but for the prices they are charging I'd rather go to Panera, at least I know I'd get my money's worth. Never again Bistro Europa.
