As I write this, my mouth is taking a break from making love to a cheesesteak. If that sounds wrong, then I don't want to be right. I've eaten quite a few cheesesteaks in my life and this one was not a disappointment. The sandwich comes overloaded with goodness, which I was afraid would rip the bread apart making a mess, but due to the bread being freshly baked, it holds quite well. One word? Delicious.
I'll say that the food here is definitely pretty good. The rules to order and the attitude of the owners/operators are rough but I think it's the NE feel. The cheesesteak makes up for it at least.
Best cheesesteak in the state and I've been to a lot of Eagles joints claiming that they're the best. Although you can't tell from outside, inside reminds me of a cheesesteak place around the corner in Philly. A great Sunday afternoon, an Eagles game, a cheesesteak from here, and a couple of beers.
Worst cheese steak in the area. Go to phillys in St Cloud quality over quantity! Yuck.
I can't imagine a Cheesesteak from "Gino's" or "Pat's" in Philadelphia would taste much better than this. If it does, I already know where I'm going on my next vacation. And I'd still be comparing them to Cheesesteak Factory. 'Cause they're just that freaking good. I imagine moms don't like this place, seeing as how their children, upon bitting into this pile cheesy goodness, wouldn't be able to fight the urge to "jump up and slap" them. But seriously, tell me where I could find a better cheesesteak, and I'll ask you "What you talkin' 'bout, Willis?"
I'm a Philadelphia native, and a harsh critic of those who claim to offer "authentic" Pennsylvania foods; that said, this is one of the best cheesesteaks in Central Florida. They lose a star only because they don't offer whiz. If you order the tater tots (!) be careful not fill up on them and miss out on the steak, they give you a ton of them.
My boyfriend and I split a philly cheesesteak it was good, but for $10 it didn't come with chips or fries - it was a bit expensive for us.  The staff was friendly but the signs on the wall of "how to order" came off as rude and condescending.
I remember finding this place. It's right next to the 711 on 192 near Silver Spurs Arena. The colors of the outside of the building are very cool. It got my attention. I went in and I was the only person there. They had just opened. Love having the places like this to myself. I ordered a Philly and the young lady at the register suggested several toppings. I said I would follow her suggestion. I waited just for a bit. The Philly came out and I knew I would regret it. I would regret not getting the full size. I only got the half and the half was not enough. Philly was made perfectly. I couldn't have another sandwich so I asked for a pizza slice just to try what they have. The young lady at the counter said they make their own dough from scratch. I took a bite and I fell in love. Fresh ingredients in every bite. I am going to go back and take lots it pictures. This place is a must try.
Fuego bistec de queso. Would highly recommend it.
Yum yum, yelp was right again! You want a good Philly, don't go here cause they were great!  Not a dinner place but a must stop for lunch. Staff was super friendly too!
The best Cheesesteak I have had in a very long time.
