I love this place. Some of the best Thai Food I have ever had. Great deals on lunch specials.   Just be careful ordering anything Thai Hot. It is freaking napalm...but in a good way!
This place is a nice little Thai spot in a nondescript strip mall in southwest Orlando. It's a nice break from all the chain restaurants in the area. The best thing about this place is the restaurant itself. It is very clean and not too kitschy like some Thai restaurant. I cannot stress how clean this restaurant is. The service is great as well. It seemed family run and each person we interacted with checked on our dining experience. My wife didn't know what to order so the server had us describe a dish she liked at another Thai restaurant and made a recommendation based on that. The food is really about a 3 1/2. It is good but not overly great. My wife enjoyed hers but my only complaint is that I asked for hot but it was mild at best. No heat at all. The Thai tea on the other hand was delicious.
Great lil Thai place. The Thai Basil Noodles aka Drunken Noodles are delicious as is the Pineapple Fried Rice.  The Thai curries are also worth trying!!
If you are looking for great thai food in the hunters creek area, this is a good place. I have had curry here 5 or 6 times now and I have never had a complaint. The place is small, usually not too busy, quiet, but the food is good and that's what's important. The thai tea is awesome too,a little sweet to have a lot of it but definitely good. The employees are always very polite and accommodating as well. Great food for a decent price overall!
I eat here frequently with co-workers for lunch.  Everything is flavorful and fresh and they are great at customizing the level of spice to your taste.
Don't miss the Thai Chicken Wings.  They are the BEST [crispy] wings I have ever had. Hard not to order them every time I am there.
Great Thai restaurant in Hunter's Creek.  The staff were speaking Thai, which is always a good sign when one is in a Thai restaurant.  The restaurant itself is small and quaint.  The food is amazing.  Their "hot" is quite hot.  I ordered the pineapple fried rice and the summer rolls -- plenty of food for my hungry self.
I love this place! I love their food! I love the family that owns it! YOU MUST TRY!!! Everything I've had here is delicious, and I know the kitchen is clean because they let me look inside. (: GO THERE TODAY!
I've honestly never had better Thai!!! I ordered the pineapple fried rice as a lunch order, and WOW!! Bonus was the great service and recommendations.
NO. So here's the thing. I live in Hunter's Creek.  This is the only Thai restaurant I know of in the area.  I keep telling myself things we tell ourselves that keep us in bad relationships, "Maybe it will be better this time. . .or he really is sweet.  I should give him another chance." And I keep going back. Because of hope. Because the people really are sweet. The truth is, it is not working out. I order the maussaman curry and there seems to be less and less vegetables.  Hardly any color or flavor.  Just a bland oniony curry with potatoes. It gets worse and worse, and when I see my bill, it makes me wonder why I came back again. . . Now I remember.  Because it's close to where I live. So, I will now be honest with myself and refuse to settle.  If I really must have *great* Thai food, it's worth the effort and patience to drive to Viet Thai or Soong Thai. Never settle people. . . in relationships, or food.
The lady here (perhaps owner?) was very sweet and friendly. She made sure our drinks were filled and often came to check up on us. I ordered Phad Thai. First thing I noticed was that it was extremely sweet, almost sickeningly sweet. I enjoyed my first few bites, but could not get past half of the dish. I started feeling nauseous from the sweetness. Overall I think the dish was too heavy in terms of taste. However I do think this restaurant has potential, and it has a relaxing and clean atmosphere.
They let us share a bunch of dishes family style with our group. Very accommodative and the food was great. Keep in mind, they do automatically charge an 18% tip for groups, though.
Love coming to Chai Thai for the lunch specials and early bird specials. Can't beat the price for the quality and quantity. Service is great. Great with recommendations too if you are not sure what to get. Curries are all good as well as the phad phet, my favorite. And don't forget dessert, sticky mango rice is amazing!
Great a must try.
We get lunch from here routinely.  I really dig Mango/sticky rice and they usually have it available.  I also like the Pad Thai Chicken.  Great menu, friendly and fast service.   Love it!
We are on vacation in FL and I brought the family to dinner here instead of thai thani, based on the yelp reviews. We were not disappointed. We had thai tea, seafood combination, massaman curry, thai fried rice, and drunken noodles (they are called something different here but thats what it is), all ordered mild. Everyone enjoyed their meals. The only thing unusual was rhe wide rice noodles were not the usual wide noodles, but good nevertheless. The portion sizes were good, and the servers were  friendly and attentive. We were too full for dessert or I would have tried the sticky rice. A very good dining experience. If I lived in this area I would frequent this establishment often.
Great small thai food place.. ordered spring rolls,  pad thai, green curry and panang curry. .everything was great!
Excellent food, place is small and hidden but once you find it you'll keep coming back for more!  The Tiger Cry Beef is delicious!!! If the place was bigger I would have given it five stars.
Food was tasty, but a bit cold. Service was average. Its okay, but I wouldn't recommend.
Yesterday's lunch was so good , I had to update my review. The staff of 2 ladies in the front are always friendly. My issue is that the food is not consistent. Yesterday they were ON POINT! The Pad Thai (asked for a good spice level between medium and thai hot) was delicious. The red curry chicken was great. This was done the way Thai food is supposed to be ! Had the summer rolls - nice and fresh . The basil in the summer roll was that extra that I so needed . The restaurant was empty- just what I needed with a fussy teething baby.  I was actually complimented on how well behaved the baby was . I will be back - the lunch special is worth it - not alot of food but enough . (small salad with one spring roll -fried ;( , entree with rice (pad thai doesnt come with rice - this for about $7.95 each) Go check it out. Right next to Dunkin Donuts in Hunters Creek. Glad we went here instead of Gators ----saving that for another day.
I stopped by and got take out a few weeks ago and was pleasantly surprised. Service was fast and friendly, the waitress kept checking on me even though I was just a take out order. They have a good size menu, and I had a difficult time deciding what i wanted. The staff was very helpful and was eager to describe food and answer all questions. They explained that Thai spicy is very different from American spicy and did their best to accommodate my level of tolerance for spicy food. I ordered the spring rolls and the green curry with beef. The spring rolls were not up to par and are the reason for 3 stars instead of 4. They lacked flavor and were very greasy. The green curry had a good flavor to it and the portion size was enough for multiple meals. The level of spiciness was exactly right for me, I would definitely order it again.
We stopped in on a Friday around 3PM and the place was dead. A little discouraging, but I've been wanting to give this place a try and so we went for it. I had the red curry with beef and my wife had the green curry with beef. We opted for the early bird special which came with a spring roll, salad, soup, and jasmine rice. Everything was very tasty. My red curry was ordered on the hot level and it was perfect for me. By the end of the meal I had a good sweat going. My wife's green curry was ordered mild and she said it was still too much spice for her. What a wuss!! LOL. Try the Thai tea also, it was delicious. A solid Thai place in Hunter's Creek!
Pleasantly surprised by the quality of food. Quiet and not too busy inside. The service can be good or ok = inconsistent. It has become a weekly stop for me. I recommend the Pad Thai.
Had Phad Woonsen with Seafood, Thai Hot!! I have to agree with the other reviewers, Chai Thai knows how to spice things up!! I have won spice eating contests and make extreme heat meals at home, and they do it right here. The spring roll was fresh and delicious as was the salad. If you love spice then you HAVE  to come here and check it out. I also submitted a location correction on the map, the restaurant is actually just north of Town Center Blvd, next to the Dunkin Donuts.
We went there for dinner, but no alcohol license yet. We're not alcohol dependent, but still like a glass of wine with a meal, so we opted for take out. We ordered a few dishes, all hot, not Thai- hot cos we know that can be too much. Got it home, had a taste and damn! Our heads are still spinning from the heat, so I'm typing this in a state of semi-delirium. So, genuinely authentic, as in what you may find in Bangkok, but Phuket it was hot!
Stopped in here after seeing it had opened.  I've seen the coming sign soon for a few weeks now and was very excited.  In the South Orlando/Hunter's Creek area there's not much in the way of Thai other than Thai Thani over in Celebration. Stopped in here on a Saturday for lunch.  We were greeted and sat right away.  The place looks nice and clean.  A little small so if you live nearby you may want to consider takeout... seems like it could get crowded quickly.   The service was very nice throughout the entire meal.  Very friendly waitresses who definitely care that you're having a good meal. On this trip we took advantage of their lunch special which gives you 20 different choices of Thai staples (ex. panang curry, massaman curry, thai basil, pad thai, thai fried rice, etc.) Almost all of them are 7.95, with a couple priced at 10.95.  With that you get the entree, rice, a spring roll, and a small house salad.  It's a really fantastic deal.  Since the lunch was so cheap I figured I'd splurge on a Thai iced tea.  It was very good, though I've never had one and can't really say if it's authentic or whatever.   I ordered the fried rice and my wife ordered the panang curry.  I originally ordered it hot, but the waitress talked me out of it.  They very nicely offered to bring out some of the hot sauce they use if I felt the medium was still not hot enough.  While I think I could have handled the hot, I'm glad I went for the medium as it really was a good blend of heat and spices.  My wife enjoyed her panang curry and it was enough that she had leftovers. Looking over the rest of the menu, their basic dishes are about 10-13$ in price which is very reasonable.  The lunch deal is awesome and will probably be something I take advantage of frequently.
So I'm writing this review as I finished my Pad Se-ew and before my fried ice cream... And me and my table are all already planning our next trip back! The salad is fresh with the ginger dressing, soup soo flavorful that I slurped the last of the broth. And the Pad Se-ew is great! Definitely happy with my visit!!
I moved to orlando from detroit about 2 years ago and had not been able to find thai food that was in the same league as my thai food at home, until Chai Thai! Luckily we moved from Winter Park to Hunter's Creek and this place is just around the corner!
This place is terrible, the food is expensive and has no flavor, don't waste your money on this place
There is another location, but I've only eaten at the John Young location. AWESOME! Crying tiger steak is fantastic. Pad thai is great. Whole fried red snapper with sweet and sour sauce was spectacular! Best Thai food in Orlando.
Very good food. We are vegetarians and they have a huge amount of veg options available. Good service and awesome food.
The menu at Chai Thai is quite big, so there's lots to choose from. They have a lunch special, which we just missed, followed by a late afternoon special, which I think is from 3 to 5 pm. The server took our order, and we had a chat about Thai hot versus American hot. Now, we like it spicy, and we've spent some time in Thailand. We said Thai hot was fine. Responsibly, the server said that the papaya salad was going to be "no joke." We thought we'd be fine, but she was absolutely correct. We couldn't handle it. It was so over the top hot, we ended up taking most of it home to try and tone down. We had the curry hot as well, but it was not quite as fiery!  The ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the portion was good. The soup I had had great flavor and nice ingredients as well. The mushrooms were especially delicious.
Food: - Great, got my Pad Thai "fix". - TONS of chicken chunks, tons! Service: - Okay, the waitress was overwhelmed, but smiling the whole way.  She was doing everything; takeout, serving several tables, bussing, phones... So, probably not her fault.
Just ate here for the first time a couple hours ago and couldn't wait to give this place a great review. First of all, it is a family owned restaurant. The two daughters are the waitstaff and they were right there to greet us when we came in, when it was time to take our order they were right there to assist  us with making choices, and the food was brought out in a timely manner.  We ordered off of the lunch specials and ordered ginger beef, and ginger chicken and only wanted medium on the heat/spice. It was probably on the high end of medium but the spiceyness of dish did not hinder the flavor at all. The entire menu looks very appetizing and we will be back to try much of the menu. We did not have any drinks other than ice water but did have an ice cream sundae and wife had frozen ice cream ( to die for ) and the bill came to $28.00.    If you like Thai food, do yourself a favor, try this small quaint little gem ( 10 tables )
FANTASTIC THAI FOOD! This place is a gem for Asian food in a town full of Mexicans and Puerto Ricans (no offense to any Spanish heritage, but you don't want a white guy from Kansas cooking Jamaican food) cooking "Asian" food. If you want authentic Thai food, and not Americanized atrocities I would highly recommend Chai Thai. The Curry was phenomenal and my wife had the Pad Thai which was also delicious. The hostess/waitress was very helpful and extremely friendly.
Scared at first since me and the wife was the only person in here but man was the food great :) the Thai cry beef was awesome cooked perfectly but was on the pricy side but worth it and yellow curry had me full half way threw dinner
Went there yesterday and the food was no different from take out. One server in the entire place , took 5 min. To refill my cup . Almost choking on my food which ok. Should been better.
This was very very good. Happened to get there right after 3 and had the early bird. A lot of food! Had the Phad something or other (can never remember the names) but had Thai basil, noodles, chic, broccoli-was delicious. I substituted the Tom Gai soup (again not 100 percent sure of the name) with chicken. It was a hot and sour soup with chicken, mushrooms, ginger and was really good, too. Salad also came with it, which I liked since I always have a salad with my meal, and an egg roll. The server was a lovely young lady with a very pleasant way of serving and made this a perfect meal. I wish I would have gotten her name. Well, next time I will. As you can figure I highly recommend this restaurant. I know I am ecstatic to find a good Thai restaurant on my side of town and only about 5 minutes away. Enjoy when you go there!! :-)
The food here is better than your average Thai place. Our dishes were hotter than we wanted them to be, but everyone has different scales they use at their restaurants. The spring rolls, pad thai, and red curry were all good. My only complaint is that everything should have been a couple dollars less expensive.
Delicious Pad Thai! I was very impressed. It was very flavorful and cooked perfectly. I was definitely pleased with my decision. Would totally recommend this restaurant to friends and family.
Holy mother of SPICYNESS. @tarajroth and I went for lunch and asked for Hot. Not Thai hot. And this was super spicy. Loved it. The staff here are very nice. Super friendly. Very helpful. They forewarned us not the get Thai Hot. Glad we took their advice. I got the Crispy Duck with red curry sauce. And wifey got the Pork in Yellow Currh sauce. Both great dishes. The Thai iced tea is great. The salad was really good with their house dressing. Overall top notch place. Great decor and overall place to be for Thai food in this area. Glad we now have Thai food in Hunters Creek.
Red curry was delicious.  It is not thick which is exactly how we like it.  I would have liked more veggies than just bamboo shoots and peppers.  The meat used could be better.  Also ordered crying tiger.  Again delicious but could have used better meat.  It was fatty.  For dessert we had the fried banana with vanilla ice cream which was very yummy!  We fought over the dessert!
We desperately needed a good Thai restaurant in the Hunters Creek area so we were so happy to see one open up.  We ordered Summer Rolls which weren't good not enough shrimp and the noodles inside were mushy. My chicken basil was really tasty but more than half my plate were huge chunks of onions. My husband's Pad Thai on the other hand was awesome. We've been back twice for it. Some good dishes but not a lot of food for the price. I am sure the rents expensive there though so I get it.
Had been thinking about stopping by as it's close to my home.  So glad I did! Great food, I had the chicken satay along with the green curry. Very large portions and so flavorful.  Mike, our server, was super attentive and friendly.  Food was very fresh and lots of variety.  I will come back often.
Finally, a nice hole in the wall Thai place I can say I really really like! Their customer service is fabulous and their food is delish!!! We will be back!
Excellent service & food. Very calm quiet environment. Probably the best chicken pad see ewe (no heat) that I've ever had,
Amazing food, amazing service, friendly staff and very nice ambience. Lunch menu is very affordable for decent size portions.
Being from out of town and being Thai food lovers, my wife and I decided to try Chai Thai Cuisine. From the attentive assistance by the owner and her daughter to the exquisite flavor of the food to the very pleasant  soft, slow Thai music, we were able to partake in an extremely enjoyable evening. Chai Thai is definitely a place to go for good food, and good times .
Let me start by saying that I don't write reviews, but this restaurant made me want to.  We are so glad that we decided to try this place.  We have been there twice now and have been blown away by how good everything is here.  Everything seems very fresh and has amazing flavor.  If you like spice, they will make you leave very happy.  The restaurant is very clean and staff is very friendly.  It is definitely worth a try, but be careful, you might get hooked!
