If you're ever in Orlando Florida you need to check this place especially if you like spanish music and drinking
Major noise problems. An establishment needs to take care to endear themselves to their community, not alienate. We live north of 417 and heard their music inside our apartment. Called around to find out who it was, and it was made obvious when the person answering the phone was SHOUTING. Requests to lower the volume were rudely and aggressively denied. Wanted to give them a chance to remedy the situation before we called the cops. No option but to formally complain to authorities. Sheriff's office said they had numerous complaints in the last few weeks. Next step will be writing to our city counsel person. The music stopped at 1:45 am
My sister in law was visiting O-town and wanted to go out for a good time. I wasn't really interested in driving downtown to show her a good night out so I thought to come here. It's right down the street and I thought we'd get a drink and leave. My first impression was that it was just a little lounge to sit back and relax lol. I was wrong. When we walked in it was a club! We were dressed all wrong but we still had a great time! They had a Michael Jackson impersonator and he danced for the crowd. They had the main room with mixes of bachata, merengue, salsa and some reggae ton. They had reggae ton outside and salsa in another room. Overall we had an amazing time and is definitely the hot spot for a good night out.
Horrible experience! Too crowded and no room to dance. I do not recommend this club/bar to anyone. Let's not talk about how rude people are.
I have been going to Mojitos since it opened three years ago. I tend to go twice a month and always have a reserved table. Drinks are OK but sometimes seem to be watered down, could be a little stronger. Music is unpredictable at times the mix is good which for me means no more than four Merengues,Bachatas or Salsa at a time.  I'm more into Salsa Romantica and wish they would play more of it not just Salsa Caliente. Overall I will continue going and hope they take my advice. I consider the place more upscale than other Latin clubs in the area.
Dance Reggaeton outside. Why? Put that ish inside please. Why is everyone coupled up? Geez... I guess that's a FL thing?... I mean in NYC there are some off-nights everyone is coupled up making you feel like an oddball. Shall I text him? No. Stupid couples got me missing him.... anyway, let me dance the feeling away. Oh heeeey-- meet other New Yorkers. Instant connection-- why? We all agree partying in Orlando is SO different. Group of kids but not really, most are early 30's. WHAT?! Since when do 31 year olds act like they're 23? Like how old are ya'll? Whatever. Sure, I'll take a beer. No Corona light? Damn. Coors light will do. Dance, dance, dance. Inside, outside, inside. $10 cover-- for what? Blah. Meet fun people- you will have fun.
An awesome place!! Went there on Saturday and got there around 10pm ... and it was a little dead. Ok, no big deal. Around 11pm the place started picking up and it was awesome. The atmosphere inside the club is rockin'. Good latin music to which to dance to. The dance floor is not that big but people danced wherever they could. There are also two patios outside ... one on the side and one in the back. A good location to hang out, smoke and drink. The back patio is kind of tucked away but it is open to the public as is the back lounge/bar. It looks like it is private, but it is open. Overall it is an awesome feel. Lots of people and if you like to people watch, this is the place to go. The staff was super friendly. The waitresses and bartenders and even the bouncers! If you're looking for a place different from a typical bar/club, this is worth going ... definitely on Friday or Saturday night.
So i was definitely here last night and it was okay you could say. I should of came in earlier, but at least i got in for free so i shouldn't really complain too much. I believe the cover is $10.00 there. Anyways, the inside of this club is actually really nice and has a good size patio on the side of the building. There was no drink special at all when i asked. R&B, hip-hop, and mostly reggae playing. The staff there didn't seem too friendly and i was not that impressed with the overall experience. If maybe i new some Spanish it would of been good. But what can i say, No Hablo Espanol. haha Definitely could of been way better if some things were changed up about this place.
The club and ambiance is very nice, however the people there are less than. It was like I was packed into a can of sardines, and the people there had no consideration for you while walking to, at and leaving the bar with your drinks in hand. So glad we sat in VIP  so we didn't have to be smooshed all night.
Nice updated place with a fair side patio. Music was great, service not so much. It was so crowded that to use the ladies room I had to stand on line for almost  20 minutes. Patrons weren't friendly and somewhat rude. There were no receptacles were patrons can dispose the empty beer bottles or plastic cups so there were being piled up on the stage. There were empty empty beer bottles in the middle of the dance floor. At one point I couldn't dance and almost fell because the dance floor was wet. Even though I didn't pay cover, I do not see myself ever going back to this no so "Ultra" lounge!
Love the place. Bartender really nice. The kq103 guy was there going around and talking to ppl. Drinks were good. Music was good. A good place to have a girls night out with my besties.
I love this place. is one of my favorite hotspots at weekends, nice staff, wonderful music and cheap price in the drinks. The place have three zones for dance different type of music like reggae, salsa, bachata, merengue and electronic. I visit the place very often and my suggestion is that everyone should also.
Ten dollar entrance, great VIP rooms for birthdays, bachlerette gatherings, Latin music, more south american feel, not much of a variety of people, I have experienced better.
If you want to go to a place with a Latin theme/music... this is probably one of the top choices in the Orlando area. But with the name of Mojitos, you would think that their actual mojito drinks would be better. Mojitos are my favorite drinks. If you are coming here for the mojitos like I was, then you are going to be disappointed... like I was.
You must go to this place, find the one they call Anthony(Antonio on Latin nights) and request his mango mojito. It changed my life, and could do the same to yours.
This is ALWAYS a great time. If you are familiar with Latin dance styles and music you will love this place. I have never had a bad experience there.
So I went to this place last Friday and I must say I had a great time. It was the eve of my birthday so I don't really know the prices of everything. There is a cover charge so be prepared to prepay at the door. I believe it was $10. We got there at about 945ish and the place was dead. All of 5 people in there so we did what any self respecting person would do, go to the bar and drink. We started a night with a Crown and Coke for $9. Our bartender poured so much Crown it was like we had bought a triple. We then decided that if we are at Mojitos we should drink a mojito. Best decision we made all night. The mango mojito was amazing. Made from scratch and I couldn't taste the rum($9). About 6 of these later I attempted to try my hand at salsa. Too complicated for me at the time. Apparently I wasn't bad at merenge or bachata. Salsa is just a bit more complicated with the footwork. I also did forget to mention Friday night is latin night so dress to impress and be ready to move your hips all night.
ok drinks and service is poor, good music
