5 Stars because from the moment we walked in we were treated like family! Oh, and the food/ambiance is OUT OF CONTROL. We pulled into the Ritz driveway (long and winding) and decided to self-park. The price for self-parking is $19, so we were crossing our fingers that the restaurant would validate our ticket- which they did! I had read that H&H was casual, but wondered if I'd been led astray when I walked into the Ritz. This hotel is fan-ceeeeee! Fret not though, Highball & Harvest is this fabulously hip southern restaurant with the servers in plaid button downs and jeans. Very Prato-esque. We started with the H&H Parker House Rolls and OH MAN, were they good! They come as one loaf for everyone to share. The dough was slightly sweet and the herb and apple butters where perfect compliment! We also got the Southern Spread which was a long platter of Pimento Cheese, Smoked Fish Dip, Pickled Vegetables (YES. SOOOO good!), Benne-Seed Lavash (a bit overly salty for me), and Sourdough Bread.  Everyone enjoyed the platter and we practically licked out plates. After all of that, I decided to order the Butternut Squash soup, which had some candied bacon in it. I was surprised that it had a kick to it. I'm not normally into spicy food, but this was just the right amount. Finally, for dessert we shared the H&H Key Lime Tart and Baby Donuts. The key lime tart came as a tiny pie, already cut in 4 (so clever!). It was tart heaven! And also was the perfect addition to the baby donuts- which were very sweet. The baby donuts were also interactive, because you could use the little utensil with them to hollow out the donut holes and pump nutella into them! think about that. donuts. Nutella. What more could you want?! What took this experience to the next level though was the service. We had two servers who came around regularly and even chatted about their favorite dishes. Also, when we walked in we had everyone welcoming us- it almost felt like I was going into a southern restaurant where I'm a regular. Yes, the Ritz Carlton is a bit far out of the way, but this place was reasonably priced and was a true 5-star experience!
This restaurant is on the property of the Ritz Carlton. I came here for lunch with family in town and ordered an assortment of dishes. I have a particular love for southern food and I was disappointed with the dishes we ordered. They just didn't match up with the decor and price point of the facility. The only item that was memorable was the appetizer bread -that was divine. Aside from that, it was a lackluster meal. I had high hopes. Maybe with a different chef, it could have been a better experience for my palate. FYI -my party ordered the shrimp and grits, pimento burger, pork slider, fried pickles, collard greens, and bread rolls.
Really tasteful, well done remodel of previous restaurant.   Décor, ambiance draws you in.  The Bar is really nice,  solid sophistication without being pretentious.  Designer should be congratulated   ( and it 's an easy drive to my  home no less) Went Monday for my Birthday...  Nice - cheerful hostess. Had a very odd waiter, not a single one of us could understand much of what he said, nor could he understand after 3 tries - we wanted a cocktail and to order wine to unwind before picking up a menu.  It  took 20 minutes for the wine service = they had to go downstairs somewhere to locate... Wine, drinks - excellent,  service a 5.  Good menu selection, I always enjoy seeing several items I'd like to try on a menu - makes me want to come back.   Odd when one of us mentioned a dish,  we'd say - I'd have that if the chicken had white meat or a breast or Someone wanted the dessert without the Apple Chutney...   And waiter responds - "Yes, everyone says the same thing, or they just pick that off the item and leave it on the plate....    However, the chef wants that way".  Maybe "Chef" should listen to the dinners comments and look what consistently comes back on their plate. That said, I had the Shrimp and Grits and everyone enjoyed their meals.  Looking forward to trying it again soon. The valet is excellent, a nice tip brings 2 cold waters for the ride home. This place should have some good potential.
What a wonderful experience!  We weren't too hungry, so we decided to share some appetizers and have cocktails.   The crab cake and fried green tomatoes appetizer was delicious.  The crab cake was very meaty and I didn't notice any fillers.   The rolls were multi-grain and good.  The herb butter and the apple butter were wonderful.  Each had chunks of either herbs or apples.   The cocktails were also great.  I had the summertime splash, which had pineapple and my husband had the bourbon with tobacco infusion, which was very stiff.  Both were good.   We also had the pimento macaroni and cheese which was very rich and cheesy.   The spicy watermelon, to me, was the best.  I really had a Ritz Carlton moment when I asked what was in it.  A few moments later, one of the  waiters came back with the recipe!  I loved it!  Such an easy simple meal.   The other Ritz Carlton moment was when I was surprised (because it was not prearranged by my husband) with the in-house chocolate assortment.   The chocolates were the perfect ending to a wonderful evening.   As for the wait staff, both Michael and the other waiter (who gave me the recipe and name that escapes me) were attentive and helpful.  Both had been waiters at the RC for over 10 years.  Their pride in their jobs really showed and made our dining experience wonderful!
This is an amazing farm to table type establishment that utilizes locally sourced ingredients(and Floridian beers)! Chef Mark Jeffers has created an amazing selection of southern comfort food.  I can't wait to go back! Their raw bar is excellent thy had oysters from both coasts that were extremely fresh The H&H small batch hot sauce is amazing. The Parker house rolls are so tasty especially with the herb and apple butter. I had the pig and potatoes and it was superb. My wife had the chicken and dumplings, they were not traditional but tasted amazing. Our friend got the H&H pimento cheese burger and it was amazing! Basically Everything on the menu is mouthwatering you won't be dissappointed! Don't forget to buy yourself some of the H&H hot sauce, you will not regret it!
Ritz Carlton, the ultimate luxury hotel, king of relaxation and exceptional service. With the opening of Highball & Harvest, it's time to add "culinary superiority" to their list of accolades. This casual "come as you are" restaurant features interactive dining, handcrafted cocktails, beautiful interiors and an exceptionally creative menu. If you missed our original post on H&H, click here. Spork got a peek inside the menu last week during an exceptional lunch. We were incredibly impressed by Highball and Harvest's modern approach to Southern cuisine. They've taken the Southern dining trend to another league. I was a little intimidated to write this post because I wasn't quite sure how to do the flavors and plates justice with words and pictures. Nevertheless, I'd give H&H a 10+ out of 10 and we're thrilled to share some highlights from our recent meal. Parker House Rolls, made from Khorasan wheat (Egyptian old-world grains) and served warm with less gluten than typical bread, a complimentary bread presentation made from scratch by the resort's 30-person pastry team. Served with house-made herb butter and apple butter, you'll want to ditch any low carb diet you're on for these rolls. Interactive cocktail table with handcrafted, herb-infused cocktails. All cocktails are served on the rocks with hand-carved ice, sculpted bar side with a high-end Japanese ice saw and infused with Whisper Creek Farm herbs and fruits. If I didn't see it myself, I wouldn't believe they hand-cut ice, but hey this is The Ritz-Carlton, so they would go the extra mile for cocktail ice. We tasted the Orange Ave Officers Club with Death's Door Gin, Pimm's #1, Passionfruit and Ginger, garnished with an orange slice and served in a beautiful glass. I'm not usually a gin drinker, but this drink was enough to change my mind! The Southern Spread, a lavish spread of house-made pimento cheese, smoked fish dip, perfectly pickled vegetables and served with Benne-Seed Lavash and sourdough bread pieces. The presentation was outstanding and I'm convinced there's no better way to eat pimento cheese and vegetables! Crab Cakes and Fried Green Tomatoes, perfectly battered crab cakes wedged between fried green tomatoes, topped with a Cajun Remoulade and Corn Chow-Chow, this starter was a tasty take on two Southern classics. Blackened Grouper, served over Hominy Ragout, Andouille and Pickled Okra. Fresh from the coast, this grouper was a perfectly composed seaside dish. The Andouille and Pickled Okra complimented the grouper, if I wasn't trying to save room for dessert, I would have inhaled my entire plate. Sweet Treats, OH MY GOODNESS, we experienced a true sugar paradise to end our meal. I'll let the pictures speak for themselves, but you can't miss the H&H Key Lime Tart cut into shareable slices, served with a Margarita sorbet. The Baby Donuts were perhaps the most fun to eat, with creamy Cappuccino Ice Cream and your own tube of Nutella! These sugar crusted donuts melted in my mouth. Make sure you save room for these culinary masterpieces. We're dying to go back to H&H for more Southern goodness. Make a reservation today to experience Orlando's newest culinary gem. Highball & Harvest is located at 4012 Central Florida Parkway, Orlando, FL 32837 inside The Ritz-Carlton Grande Lakes.
What makes the all new Highball & Harvest restaurant such a unique experience is that guests can enjoy some really great farm to table food created by top chefs at a better price point. The Grande Lakes property continues its dedication to farm-to-fork dining and authentic, local experiences with the opening of its new casual dining concept, Highball & Harvest. The restaurant features innovative and interactive dining, handcrafted cocktails, and a creative, playful menu that features seasonal Low Country and Cajun-inspired cuisine from young, Southern-raised Chef de Cuisine Mark Jeffers. H&H offers hyper-local dishes infused with Floridian citrus and ingredients from nearby purveyors as well as the resort's own 7,000-square-foot Whisper Creek Farm, which opened in October 2012. Ingredients from local farms and Whisper Creek Farm will be specifically noted on the restaurant's seasonal menu. H&H's railroad-inspired design  features communal seating, a large bar/lounge area, a raw oyster bar (with chefs shucking oysters by hand), and custom hand painted dishware. Signature dishes include H&H Pig-n-Potatoes, a decadent all-day breakfast dish, house-made beef jerky, dips with pickled veggies presented in a rustic tackle box, and a signature H&H Hot Sauce made from Whisper Creek Farm peppers. The resort's thirty-strong pastry team, that works magic baking everything from scratch, has created one of the restaurant's most exceptional offerings: Parker House Rolls made from old-world Khorasan wheat, served up warm and moist with significantly less gluten than typical bread. The thirst-quenching heart of the restaurant is an interactive cocktail table, where knowledgeable bar chefs muddle ingredients while instructing over carefully curated and personalized cocktail classes. H&H will offer a hand-crafted, seasonal cocktail menu. Signature cocktails include: the Moonshine "Whistle-Stop," the refreshing "Green Acres" with house ginger beer and jasmine tea, and a "Cranberry Cobbler" mixed with honey from the resort's on-site apiaries. Most cocktails will be served on the rocks with hand-carved ice, sculpted bar side with a Japanese ice saw and often infused with herbs and citrus from Whisper Creek Farm.
It was a pleasure to dine at Highball and Harvest five times during my four day business trip in mid September.  The decor is both refined and relaxed. The servers are cordial without being too formal.  Big shoutout to Sinclair who is the most enthusiastic server I've ever had in my life. On to the dishes... The grouper dish with andouille and pickled okra was my absolute favorite.  I could eat that dish every day. Pig and potato was another dish I housed quickly. It was a good thing I skipped breakfast that day. I would have loved to buy some of that hot sauce. Next in order of my favorite items would be the bag of donuts with a tube of nutella and ice cream. I'm stealing the plating idea for the Parker House Rolls for a future dinner party. One person probably shouldn't eat an entire order of rolls, but I could not help myself. I also had the swordfish, the shrimp and grits, the gumbo, the key lime tart, and a delicious cocktail based on Sinclair's recommendation. Next time I'm in Orlando I'll be sure to work my way through the rest of the menu. I'm looking forward to seeing this restaurant get some awards.
The hubs and I decided to check this place out after eating our way through EPCOT's International Food & Wine Festival - our bellies were pretty full but had read so much hype around H&H that we had to try it out! We started off with the Parker House Rolls (made with ancient grains) served with herb butter and apple butter - a MUST try for those not trying to watch their girlish figures. :) We also ordered the beet & goat cheese salad which was fresh and refreshing and then wrapped up with some delicious east coast (and a few west coast) oysters. Insider tip: they make their own hot sauce in-house - the trick? It's not hot at all, just insanely flavorful. So much so that you'll want a bottle to take home -- and soon, they are going to offer that option!  The ambiance of this place isn't your normal Ritz Carlton black tie kinda gig. The restaurant is cozy with dark wood finishes, cold craft beers on tap, a lovely wine list and lots of couches and love seat areas where you can just gather for one of their signature cocktails (like the back 40 punch - yum!)  if dinner isn't your thing. The servers are in plaid button up shirts, there's lots of wood furniture & thick leather all really bringing together the farm to table concept. To boot, parking (valet) is complimentary when you dine at the restaurant. Service was impeccable and I wish I could remember our servers name b/c be guided us through the menu options so meticulously (& never steered us wrong!) that everyone should ask for him when they visit. Sorry yelpers, but I suspect all of the other servers will be just as great. Run, don't walk to H&H - discover it before the masses do and you can't get in there anymore. (p.s. Reservations though not required are recommended.) Update: their hot sauce is for sale NOW! Ask your server how to take a bottle home. Also, the amazing staff at H&H saw this review & sent me a bottle of hot sauce (on the house!) after realizing we couldn't get a bottle when we visited!!! Now THAT is fabulous customer service!
As the first customer ever at the bar I must say this is quite an extraordinary place. It has a  very laid back and comforting atmosphere. The food quality Is second to none. It is apparent a lot of thought went into designing not only the menu but the layout of the restaurant. Must try!!
I was there opening night. What a concept fresh farm to table food. Southern flare turned scrumptious. Don't miss the jerky or Parker house rolls amazing and yes this is the ritz Carlton so expect exceptional service
Fantastic breakfast buffet. All of the dishes tasted fresh, despite the buffet tag. Nice ambiance, obviously.
Great food!! Maine Oysters were fresh and delicious. The bread appetizer was so light and fluffy with two bread spreads. Bit of a hipster scene, but we didn't mind. Bar area vs restaurant are different scenes. Bar service could be quicker/more responsive.
A gem!!  My husband and I stayed at the Ritz and were amazingly and pleasantly surprised by this place.  I was quite impressed by the list of sources for local ingredients, micro brews, and even wines- I honestly didn't know that the surrounding area in Florida was able to provide all of that.  It's a bit pricey, but you get the absolute best of quality for it. As of this review, they are fairly new (1 month old)....I really hope that they don't have to dumb down the ingredients and quality in order to raise the bottom line in the future, because we will be looking them up again next time we visit Orlando.  Definitely try the Parker House rolls! They knocked our socks off.
