Great place to have a few drinks and shoot some pool. I didn't even know St. Cloud had a place like this. Plenty of pool tables a couple of electronic dart boards and a few corn hole toss games. Good crowd and laid back atmosphere. I tried the boneless buffalo chicken tenders and thought they were okay. I haven't tried much else to eat here but some of the food does look really tasty. Bartenders and waitstaff are always friendly.
Well, I will never come here again! Got grilled wings and they were burnt. Chicken bites were small and dry...over cooked! I would not recommend this place to anyone!
I have quite a long story but I'll save you the time. The service is terrible and the food is not worth the recently raised prices. I was overcharged on my pool table, which I was actually later able to prove, but the process of doing so along with their poor quality of food made me never want to spend my money there again. Tiffany (the manager) was extremely rude and even condoned her server's (Tasha) poor attitude. My drinks were late and the food was barely warm when I finally got it.  Go somewhere else if you want to be treated with respect and get what you pay for.
Wings! for a great price with awesome sauces.  I have gotten the teriyaki with garlic twice now the same result YUMMY!!!!  Wing snob hubby, who is a traditionalist, had the buffalo hot sauce.  Now this is unusual because usually he goes for the xtra hot, but from previous experience he learned that the xtra hot is EXTRA hot leaving him with hiccups ;-) Love to see him whipped by a hot sauce :-). Also GREAT for large groups and KIDS.  Always looking for a place that I can take the family and meet up with more of our friends that have kids too.  They have about five video games with the requisite Claw game.  We left with plenty of stuffed animals. They also have pool tables,... so many that I didn't even bother to count.  Cornhole anyone?? you can rent bean bags by the hour for a minimal sum. This place turns into a nightclubish hangout after 9 or so.  It is soo large that it has a natural break in the place to have a section that is 18 and up after 9pm.  So you can still have family time in the other half until your hearts content. This Sports bar has been in the area and operating for many years.  I have always had the feeling that it was kinda sketchy.  But my last two recent visits have really changed my mind.   The BEST part is that we came out of there with bills that made us smile!  Compared to the other sports bar type restaurants you can easily bring kids to that are in the area,.... the quality of food,... variety of food, atmosphere, spaciousness that allow kids to have room to be kids and the perfect price point will make us regulars!!!
A great local watering hole/grill. My wife and I plus a few friends normally come for the all you can eat wings on Monday nights. They have amazing honey lemon pepper wings and ice cold beer.  Tiffany runs the place well and is always great to deal with.  Kayla a server there is amazing. Always gets the orders right the first time and keeps the drinks coming!
Excellent wings and great for ufc fights. Needs background music rather than the iTunes machine. Try the wings blackened,hot,grilled,& extra crispy!! Amazing.
I'm visiting my brother & he told me about this place. He loves the wings & guess what, so do I. The wings are AHHHH-MA-ZING!! They are crispy, fresh, flavorable, & I will be here again before I leave. The fries are also great. The only thing is I wish is that there was celery & CARROTS. Not just celery. Prices are great. Food is great. Great place for kids before 6p & even greater after 6p for adults. Very spacious & clean. Great places to go!
The best wings ever!  Great place for hanging out with friends or family!   Tiff and her staff rock!
This is my UFC fight night spot great wings great service, the only reason I didn't give this place five stars is this. 1- the bartender def doesn't know how to mix drinks at all but after a few who cares anyway. 2 -the scene gets violent sometimes with belligerent A holes that can make a night out with your wife not enjoyable. Other than that top notch t.v.s everywhere, not a bad seat in the house.
Food always comes out hot and delicious!  My friend and I love taking our kids there!
Sidelines is a sports bar....they have very reasonably priced food and drinks. If you go at lunch..try their cheeseburger and fries.. I found it to be very good and you can't beat the price.....it is much cheaper than the burger joint by the water tower and about half the price. If the burger and fries are to heavy for you give one of their salads a go.....they are good and again great pricing. Overall I have the food here good and the staff friendly.
