My friends and I saw this place from the road, and so glad we did! This place is amazing, over 100 beers, and not just crud like Coors, they have random things I've never even heard of! They have a page in their menu dedicated to blended beers like a Black and Tan, a page for fruit infused beers, etc.  So you can find anything that will float your boat here.  And it's pretty big too! Lots of open spaces, and booths blocked off for privacy as well.  A perfect spot for you and your friends for a night out, or at least a starting point, their HH is open - 8pm where they have a selection of $3 beers.  Sweet.
The place is small and simply done with the main and only focus being the beer. They do have one TV behind the bar, but other than that you will have to have some good conversation. This is not a dart board and pool table type of beer joint, this is more of the martini bar feel type of a beer bar. They don't offer food, but you can have it delivered in from a few of the surrounding businesses. When you go here you are seeking out that hard to find beer that you love or being introduced to some that you may love from that point on. The beer is not cheap, but it is good quality and you can sample from the draft selection before you purchase.  They have 48 beers on tap and around 170 in bottles as of now, but the ultimate goal as I was told is to get to around 400 varieties! This place could easily become a local hang out!  See some pics on my blog.
My brother told me about this place and took me here while I was on a trip to Orlando. It was a very interesting place. A little different than the bars I'm used to in New Orleans. The beer selection was FANTASTIC though. They had about 46 on tap and 150 in bottles. You choose from a leather bound menu which was pretty cool. When we walked in there was a group of people playing poker(and drinking Bud Light) which I thought was a bit odd but hey, whatever brings the guy business. They have neat couch seating in one room and barstool seating at the bar. There were TVs on playing Monday Night Football and World Series. I didn't hear any music being played. The bartender was extremely friendly and made recommendations and poured our beers into proper glassware. The tap prices were pretty reasonable($5-$7) and the bottle prices were ok. My biggest issue was they served no food but I can't hold that against them. They provided free pizza that they purchased from next door and told us it was ok to bring food into the bar.
I passed by this place on my way to the Alehouse with a friend and decided to go inside. It definitely lives up to it's name. We sat at the bar and the bartender proceeded to hand us a HUGE menu of beer. I couldn't  believe the amount of selections that they had. 42 beers on draft alone with pages of bottled beer. If you are a beer connoisseur this is a place that will not be a disappointment. Craft beer is always pricier than mainstream so be ready for fork over a few extra dollars per beer but you really can't beat the quality of a delicious beer. The crowd was mostly couples looking for a nice quiet night out or a group of coworkers grabbing a brew after their shift was over. The place was nicely lit and decoration was very modern and cool. The bar gives off a great vibe and so does the crowd. This is definitely a place that I will come back to when I am in town again. I recommend it for any beer lover wanting to go out for a chill night with friends or your significant other. Plus there is a pool table that takes quarters! Who doesn't love a good game of pool?
My fiancé and I stopped by this place expecting to be disappointed. When we walked in it was so clean and not loud at all. If we want a beer and to left alone this is the place. They have a variety of different beers and allows you to sample until you found yourself a Winner. Definitely my favorite beer spot. Only thing, they don't offer food everyday. Which kinda sucks if you've had a beer too many and find your stomach rumbling. No peanuts either. I did appreciate their free pool and foosball tables! Overall we had a great time there!
We chose HOB for a guy's night out because of the location. Good choice on our part because it was great. Amazing selection of drafts (48) and a huge selection of bottles. It has that neighborhood bar feel where you know there are regulars. The bar supports this claim with reserved seats for those that have drank a specific amount of their beers. Their free reward program should be taken advantage of...drink enough of their beer and you can get free, cool stuff like a keg worth of beer or your own reserved seat. Our bartender, Heather, was super with recommendations and witty banter. She also mentioned they change parts of the tap list weekly. They don't serve food here but there are a several restaurants close by. Great choice in the Hunters Creek area.
House of Beer is a good neighborhood bar that I wish was in my neighborhood. A couple of my friends and I met up at House of Beer on a Saturday evening. They had a Cigar City Tap Takeover we were looking forward to. House of Beer has about 40 beers on tap and several bottles. Everyone should be able to find something they like. They also had a pretty decent selection with a good mix of your usual choices and some rare ones mixed in. The staff was very friendly and let us try anything we wanted before we purchased. The prices were also the same as other craft beers bars in the Orlando area. If I find myself in the Hunters Creek area, I know now where to find friendly service and good beer!
I understand the desire to save on overhead by not serving food. I understand that the chief product served is beer and some vines & liquors. However, the only way way I can give my favorite watering hole in Orlando a FIVE star rating is if they begin to serve at least a respectable 6-12 items of food to keep patrons in the door. The staff provides food to the tune of a hot crock pot cooked item with a finger food (chips/fries) side dish. But even a small menu to pair with the wide list of brews will keep me here more than the 2-3 days a week I come through. Aside from that, the wide selection and friendly, unpretentious staff make it great for brew lovers of all lovers to feel welcomed and at home!
Overpriced "mislabeled" beers. Menu will say 12oz but you'll be lucky to get 8. Don't bother telling the staff. They don't care.
A bit of a drive from where I am. Wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to come back. Found the bartenders to be sense of humorless, and the seating situation to be less than mediocre. All in all it was my friends that made the night enjoyable.
Great little beer bar. I love coming here because not only can I get very good beer that I cannot get anywhere else nearby, I can always order a German liter of course. It's not common to be able to do that here in Orlando. The crowd that comes here a lot of times isn't the best (a lot of younger people or people who order bud light). Bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly. Owner as well.
Quick Summary: This unasumming location is a bit tucked away in the corner of yet another shopping plaza... but their selection on draft is very impressive and the bottle selection further boosts their variety. I didn't get to spend a lot of time here, as I had a few at another place before finding this spot.  But the bar tender was very friendly and knowledgeable and their selection was quite impressive... Initial impression was quite favorabe, worthy of a return visit for further exploration.
This place has a very decent beer selection for semi-decent prices. The drafts are usually on point, price wise, however bottles/ bombers are a bit over the top which is why I deducted a star. They're bottle prices even top World of beer which is surprising to me. Despite this, I still frequent this bar. They don't have a kitchen but I like to get a panini from the Italian market next door and bring it in. Very dog friendly, and laid back. Check it out if you are in the area and enjoy craft beer!
Unfortunately House of Beer is far from home, however it is close to work, so  I usually end up here with co-workers on select Fridays. The selection is very good. They usually rotate out a few taps, but they always have my favorites such as delirium tremens and various imperial stouts. They have plenty of bottles if they dont have what you are looking for on tap. House of beer rarely is rarely disappointing and you can have a conversation without yelling across the bar. I havent been here on late nights, but afternoons are usually not crowded. You can easily find a seat and enjoy a tasty beverage. As far as I know they allow dogs, but not children. Thats a win for me! The wait staff is very knowledgeable and awesome. Give House of Beer a try. I know it sounds like a rip off of world of beer, but its not. I promise.
Besides the fact that it was a little too hot and.bright, this place is great. The bartender is incredibly nice and very helpful.
If you are looking for a good dive-ish bar in a not so divey area...look no further! In the strip mall in Hunters Creek this unassuming place offers a plethora of beer choices and a laid back atmosphere with a local crowd. Not a bad place overall. Great beer choices, with a few local brews and from what I can tell, pretty cool staff. Definitely has the feel of being a possible "cheers" bar for immediate area locals. Worth a try if you are looking for a simple place with good beer.
Just an update to provide some information... In addition to House of Beer allowing outside food from the restaurants around them (plenty of excellent choices), a group called Bumper Bites has begun offering food on select nights.  It changes up often but it always looks delicious. They also now offer different spiced nuts and flavored olives as snacks.
Fantastic. I couldn't believe we came across this wondrous beer bar in an Orlando strip mall, but the brew selections more than make up for the unassuming location. With 42 draft beers, and an encyclopedic menu of bottled options, House of Beer does its name proud. I was so excited to try some new beers that are unavailable to me in Connecticut. Cigar City brewery truly lives up to its hype, and the Ligero black lager (on tap) sang to my tastebuds through its charcoal coloring and sweet, malty body. Oh baby! The decor ain't half bad either. Dozens and dozens of tap handles adorn the top of the bar, and the lounge area is pretty comfy! All in all, a GREAT and unexpected find in Orlando's outskirts.
This place has plenty of different kinds of beers to tickle your fancy. From Hefeweizens, to dogfish head and beyond. Look through their extensive menu of beers, if you have any questions the staff is very knowledeble. Friendly service and plenty of room at the bar during the weekdays.
I had bookmarked House of Beer after hearing from friends this was a good place to drink some craft brews. House of beer is not in my neck of the woods, so when I found out my daughter would be playing softball in the Hunter's Creek area I knew we'd have a chance to stop by for a quick drink. House of Beer has a large variety of craft beers to choose from, they do not however serve food. After a quick panic on how I was going to feed my hungry teen I was relieved when we found out we could bring food in. While my husband and daughter went to go pick up some pizza I browsed the beer menu. Lo and behold there it was; Southern Tier Crème Brûlée. I've wanted to try this beer for some time, but wait I'm getting pizza and this is more like a dessert. Decisions, decisions, and well I went for it and it was amazing! While I was enjoying sipping on my Crème Brûlée I scoped out the place. This seems like a nice place to chill with friends. Along with seating at the bar you've got a couple of high tops and some comfy lounge areas. A few TVs had various college football games on. When the food arrived my husband and I took advantage of their $3 draft Happy Hour while my daughter enjoyed a craft root beer. Once we were done eating my daughter creamed my husband in foosball. If we had more time, a game of pool would've been nice. If you're out in Hunter's Creek where you could find your way to any other chain, do yourself a favor and grab some eats from The All Italian Market & Deli and head next door to the House of Beer. Drinking craft beer while watching the game, playing some pool or hanging with friends makes for an enjoyable night. Cheers!
Man...I picked a bad week to give up beer! House Of Beer boasts carrying over 200 beers...with roughly 48 on tap. Are you drooling yet? Beer not your thing? They do serve wine and mixed drinks as well. Their menu is very informative and categorized extremely well for beer non-experts. They also sell cigars. You won't find food on the menu. I did see some folks bring in takeout from someplace else...and no one prohibited them. I was there to meet some friends and to watch some live music...which they have several nights a week. There's plenty of flat screen TVs around too, for watching a game. I thought the setup was pretty good: There's a typical bar to sit at, a lounge area with large booths (good for groups), and outdoor seating. I saw posters hanging stating they have poker there on Tuesday nights and Saturday afternoons. The bartender was very friendly and helpful in recommendations. House Of Beer is definitely worth checking out if you're a beer lover and/or in the Hunters Creek area.
After dinner a group of coworkers with a couple of beer snobs among us headed here expecting, well, a crap-load of beers to choose from.  Considering a few of us had recently visited an alehouse with over 150 taps in Seattle we thought the 40 beers here was a little on the low side for a place called 'House of Beers'; more like Cottage of Beers or Condo of Beers.  Although that is still a lot compared to normal bars they seemed to have much more bottled options, and to me you can buy most of that stuff at a large liquor store now so finding micro-brews straight from the tap is key. After reviewing the list of taps I found myself not really able to find anything interesting, nearly a third of the taps were run-of-the-mill offerings like Hoegaarden, or ubiquitous micro brews from DogfishHead and Lagunitas.  Don't get me wrong as these are good beers, but that only left a dozen or so unknowns for us to select from.  Not knowing the area we had never heard of Cigar City so we sort of glossed over those and I went for what turned out to be an average Black IPA from some brewery I forgot the name of. Most in our party were Guinness or Miller Light drinkers though and our server did not seem very knowledgeable about the beers and wasn't very helpful at offering up suggestions for the hop-handicapped, which a couple of us stepped in to do.  At this point we reverted to Beer Advocate and the RateBeer app to find that the Cigar City Jai Alai IPA was rated nearly off-the-scale and we promptly revisited the selections from that local brewery again.  Unfortunately my palette was wrecked from a few different beer choices and I didn't find that I liked the Jai Alai until later in the week when I had it again at the hotel bar. Overall is was a nice place for a group to get some beers, but in a growing market of beer-centric bars catering to the micro-brew fans I think they fell closer to the standard bar experience.
I ended up going here randomly when my cousin was visiting.  We had some time to kill before she had to be at the airport.  It was a Monday at about 2pm.  We were the only ones there at first but a few others trickled in later. Being that it was so dead, we had plenty of time to browse their beer selection.  The waiter was great about answering questions and helping us find something that we would like. Samples are allowed but only 2 per order - that's fair I think. Fun place.  I would go back if I'm in the neighborhood again. I would like to see  what it's like with more than 5 people in the bar.
A great place to grab a beer and hang out. Plenty of good selections, 48 on tap and many more in bottle. A few outdoor tables, nice when the weather is good. Staff is great, always willing to help you make a choice of your next beer.
A hidden gem in South Orlando. this place seems like one of those pubs mentioned on the Food Network or Travel Channel. They offer 48 draft beers and even more bottled. Every microbrew possible is available there and they even have flights so you can try small 3oz portions until you decide on your favorite. They often host live music and have a great lounge environment. This place is definitely more of a 25+ spot and definitely not a rowdy club/bar. great for a laid back evening with friends and brews.
Helpful, knowlegable, and friendly staff.  Overwhelming selection of beers!  Amazingly enough, no frigging food!!! With over 200 beers on draft and in bottles this place is a beer lover's paradise. I asked the server for a flight of beers that were similar to my favorite beer and she did an amazing job, finding me great beers I never would have tried otherwise.  A flight of beers, by the way, is an order of 4 different beers in 4 oz glasses.  Sort of like a sampler platter. The only down side was the ambiance and the lack of food. The place seems unfinished and the booths are a little uncomfortable. You feel too far away from everyone to talk and the booths are stiff and straight backed. The lack of food sucks after the 2nd flight of beers too. You have to leave and go foraging at other places or have something delivered. There are no real tables either, just 'coffee tables', so you don't have any place but your lap to put things. If they fix the comfort level somehow and work out a deal to serve food with a local restaurant I know they'll start seeing 5 star reviews. For the most part we had a great night there and would recommend it to our friends anytime!
This is exactly what you want in a craft beer bar. The crowd and energy is very chill and relaxed. The owners stay on top of the changing seasons and updating their selection accordingly, while also going out and finding new adventurous beers for all to sample and purchase! I REALLY dig when there is live acoustic talent in there as well. Basically if you are in to trying new amazing beers from all over, like a chill atmosphere, and like live music then you've got yourself a great sort of local treasure in Hunters Creek Orlando!
Highs: Selection, variety, and a gorgeous altar to beer. Samples offered. Great range of DRAFT beers (so much better when it's a draft vs a bottle). Lows: None as long as you don't mind the single-minded focus on beer - which I don't mind at all. Overall:  With kids, this will be more of an occasional treat than a regular visit. But I'm already looking forward to an excuse to go again.
Nice local  place for a good beer...   I love this place because I can relax have a beer, bring my dog and see my friends. They don't sell food but you are welcome to bring your own, or call for  delivery
Good beer selection
Mom & I were out on Mother's Day & planned to stop at the big beer bar in this complex but it looked so crowded.  We drove by H.O.B. it looked quaint so we went for it. We were met by a friendly bar tender and great beer that we enjoyed out on the patio.  When I went to pay he even comped my mom's for mother's day.  Very sweet gesture thank you!
Over 40 beers on tap! Love being able to try new beer I would never be able to get anywhere else. $1 off happy hour ever day until 8!
42 beers on tap! Menu with everything you want to know about your beer plus outside food welcome. That just about does it for me. Great service, Juke box inside, a few pool tables, and dog friendly. Will be back with my 4 legged friend. Owner is a heat fan too!! Up high Heat fans!!
This is the place to go for a huge assortment of beers. The crowd and employees are friendly and unpretentious. The beer is reasonably priced compared to other bars in the area and they have several bar games to keep you entertained. Recently they added what I can only describe as table shuffleboard. This game gave me and some mates a few hours of fun and coupled with free cornhole, we made a night out of it. I am always amazed at how much I enjoy this bar.
Lots and lots and lots of beer... over 200 bottle choices! Knowledgeable waiters can help you wade through this decision! I don't drink beer, but the people with me (who drink it regularly) were impressed and pleased! They have a small, but decent wine list and I enjoyed my vino! Live music happens pretty often and there is a nice patio outside.
Amazing selection and very helpful staff!
Fantastic beer selection. 48 on tap and hundreds more in bottles. Microbrews from all over the country plus a great selection of imported beers. They don't serve food but you are welcome to bring food from home or a restaurant. A number of restaurants in the area will deliver food right to your bar stool! It is non smoking (they have seating outside for the smokers) so it never has that stinky smoke smell in the air. It is also pet friendly. I have seen many people bring their dogs (and other pets) into the bar. If you are a beer lover House of Beer is for you!
I think this is one of the worst beer bars I've found in the country. World of Beers would have been better. Then again, maybe I should have known better, this being in a far-flung suburb and much too close to Disney. I thought the $1.50 toll barrier might keep most of that crowd away, and that does seem to be the case. But this place still kinda sucks. The beer selection is not really what I would have expected. It's much more focused on beers from outside the region. I saw only one Florida beer on the draft list, a Cigar City, and their "house" beers are brewed by Naragansett (although that's more local than it sounds). They have a number of somewhat interesting taps, but nothing that got me too excited. And it's all overpriced. Not only that, but all three beers we were poured were warm. That made the high prices all the worse. The last beer was poured as a half liter and took the bartender ten minutes (not exaggerating) to finally finish pouring because "all our beers are pouring slowly tonight." I responded "because they're warm" but was not heard. The bartenders are inattentive, somewhat apathetic (at least to me) and do not seem to know much about the beers, at least individually. If asked a question, they would usually have to walk away and ask someone else, if they tolerated the questions at all (one would walk away as she answered the question). The last beer thing bothered me because I think the good service response would have been "Our beers are pouring slowly. Where are you sitting? I'll bring it out to you when it's done." But no. That beer was just left on the bar after I got tired of waiting, and then I had to wait for the bartender to come back to tell her the name on the tab. It got to me because it really wasn't that busy and there were three people working back there. I should also note a couple of other things worth mentioning: the house music is awful, and they allow dogs inside (take that as you'd like). Maybe it was just a bad vibe. Maybe it was just that we had been at a really good beer bar in Jacksonville the previous night and I was comparing the two. It's one thing to have high prices, but they also just come off as cheap. On the draft menu, there's a card (it takes up a spot in the draft menu) mentioning that you only get two samples per order. That's fine if you don't want to just give out free beer all night, but don't put it on your menu, because it makes you look like cheap. But I go to a lot of beer bars. I seek them out as a way of trying local beers. Those who know what's good in a region do the weeding out for me so I don't get stuck wasting time and money at a bad brewery. But there's no need for stuff like this. I mean, at least they're not serving up solely Fat Tire and Sam Adams and calling themselves a "craft beer bar," but they have a long way to go still. There are some good places to get good beer in Orlando, but this is not one of them.
A local establishment for hunters creek. They have 48 drafts that are rotating all the time to bring in all the new draft that come in to Florida. The vibe inside is a normal beer bar scene. There's some new games inside now. They have a brand new shuffle board game. Also 2 new pool tables. And a pinball machine. They make beer drinking fun. The bartenders are knowledgable about the beers. And all in all it's a fun time to go there. They are dog friendly so if you have a pet come on down with them. The owner Charles. What can we say about him? He's a beer drinker at heart. Oh by the way they also have a extensive line of wines now as well as beer. So come on down and find out what your missing.
The lack of craft/micro beers on the south side of Orlando is enough to drive a beer snob off the edge. House of Beer bridges that gap. Although the prices take advantage of lack of competition, there is enough of a selection to keep you coming back. Tucked into the back of a strip mall in Hunters Creek, the location is unassuming. The interior doubles as a nightclub/bar atmosphere, which lends itself to fall into a bit of an identity crisis. The owners often frequent the bar and are friendly. The staff is also friendly even if they aren't as knowledgeable as the owners. The bar has built up a pretty good base of locals, but they are welcoming and make you feel like less of an outsider. If you live in the Hunter's Creek area and are craving a nice cold craft beer, House of Beer will quench that thirst.
Great selection of beer.  None of the 48 beers on tap are wasted on garbage selections.  Only ding is the lack of any food.  Luckily there are other places in the same plaza that fill this need.
I am not a really big beer drinker but this place is really fun! It's close to my home and a place I can go with friends or my son to just sit and enjoy a beer and cigar. We had a great conversation today with a guy that served our country in Afghanistan and Iraq. God bless our soldiers! I had a corona and I'm sure that that is a blasphemy here. LOL. The beer list reminds me of a phonebook! My son likes it because he likes strange beers. Hey! He treated today! I think it's the first beer he ever bought for his Dad! He's a great kid and this is a nice outdoor place we can sit and spend some Son and Dad time!
Great selection of beers but somewhat boring atmosphere. Would go again though because of the awesome beers that are hard to find elsewhere.
I like it!! Nice long bar to sidle up to. They have a very decent depth and breadth to their beer menu. Where as I go for the blondes and Hefeweisens hubby can be happy in another area of the menu with porters, and stouts. We have been there many times and the clientele changes from young on some nights to an older crowd some nights. Might be due to what kind of entertainment is there?? They have a lounge section as well with comfy tables. It is definitely on our rounds for decent places that serve a decent variety of beers!
Excellent place for beer lovers. You name it, they have it. Casual atmosphere and lots of repeat customers.
Met up with an old friend here who talked this place up, and it didn't disappoint. Lots of on-taps to choose from, and even more extended list of bottled. This place is way down to earth compared to a lot of Orlando bars, and just had a layed back vibe. Music wasn't too loud, and we were able to converse easily. The place seems to fill up as the night goes on, so it looked like a pretty popular spot by the time we left. Next time we're in Orlando, we'll be back.
