Wanted to check out a local joint--came to find they have Senor Frog's in Mexico too ( Aruba, Cabo, Cancún, Cozumel...)  Decor is very colorful & entertaining.  They have funny signs nailed to their ceiling so you can have fun reading while waiting for your server, which can take awhile.  They also have a gift shop inside the restaurant. Although we were told they're known for their Mexican cuisines, I got the philly cheesesteak - wasn't smothered in cheese or loaded with onions like other place so it was pretty good.  My bf got the grilled chicken tacos - chicken was cooked just right.  Was good too.  Got a Yard---well worth it!  Wait staff were all young and energetic -- they sort of have to be for the performances they put on every 10 minutes throughout the night--karaoke, dancing, games, etc.  The mc was pretty upbeat and got patrons to be involved during performances. They have a dj that plays a variety of music--not sure if he takes requests.  There were guys going around making balloon headgear and snapping pictures--think you just need to tip them. This would definitely be a fun spot to get drunk with your friends, free entertainment---and they provide free shuttle! (Not sure about the restrictions).  The Yard drinks are no joke, either!  Definitely seems like a fun place to drink and hang out---they need one in Dallas.
Walked in & seemed to annoy the two guys standing talking to the side. Sat at our table, open the menu. It all went downhill from there. The menu is way overpriced. We were only about the 3rd table in the place, at 5:30p on a Sunday. Needless to say, we politely left.
Caution! Prices are over inflated. 2nd visit here and way worse. I have always thought of Señor Frogs was a adult restaurant, at least overseas. This was the complete opposite, a super tourist trap!!! Kids everywhere even at 9pm on a Friday. The burger I ordered was over cooked and not worth 15$. The fries were barely warm and the drinks were very expensive. We won't be back again....
Got a groupon to try this place out. It's extremely overpriced,but the food isn't that bad. Good to try out at least once. The band that plays is a lot of fun. I ordered a Chicken Chimichanga. It was good, but not great. You'd think the food would be nice and fresh? Well no. Lol The Guacamole tastes like it came out of the freezer. Chilis is WAY better.
I'm gonna give them five star because last time I was here I had a blast, this time no so much. I came in for drinks on a Friday, server Jordan was great, there was a band playing where the lead singer was preagned,not very appealing. All of a sudden we were told we had to leave or pay $35 dollars because they were gonna have a concert. Very disappointing, very poor way or communicating. If I was told this before I sat down, I probably would have returned a different day.
First thing I did here was sit in my chair only to find that it was covered in strawberry margarita throw up. Told two different servers who could care less. I would not come back here if you paid me.
Food is below average. Seems like frozen items thawed out and reprepared. French fries are lousey. Service was great! Brooke was amazing to be energetic and attentive to our tables needs. Dj was great! Enthuastic  and full of energy! Great drinking party place don't eat there though.
Expensive prices for terrible food. Do not come here for lunch.  The two reasons I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 is the nice waitress and the potential I can see for this place to be fun at night. The lunch menu is the same as dinner, so it won't be any cheaper.  The allure of this place is the atmosphere.  Unfortunately, we bought a groupon and the night we tried to go they were completely closed for a private event.  Therefore we had to come for lunch.  Other than the super sweet waitress, it was a complete disappointment. I would never order food here again unless I was almost black out drunk.  I think the place bets on this, which is why they do not have good food.  It is amazing they can charge the prices they do.  $12 for 6 wings is ridiculous.  The wings weren't even that good.  Most dishes will cost about $15 that anywhere else would be less than $10.  I got the Fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp, which I can honestly say was the worst I've ever had.  How do you mess up cooking pasta?  My fiance got the wings and enchiladas.  Both can be described as not terrible...take that as you will. There were only 3 other tables there at lunch time, which makes sense now that I know this isn't a food place.   I have to say, never come here for lunch and if you come later, skip the meal and get ready to pay ridiculous amounts for alcohol.
Never tried the food but the drinks are the only reason I would go anyway! They have great drink specials and they will get you drunk! Come here if you want to have a good time. It's super fun and the waitress will encourage you to get drunk! Very friendly service. Get the frog legs shots they are sooo good!
You are kidding right? Tell me your kidding. Overpriced, Over Craptastic, Overly touristy Why did I agree to meet people here. Yes, it's because I have trouble saying no. Let's do the run through before you get the runs. APPS Nachos - My coupon clipping aunt can put together a better spread with all of her canned goods than this. Clearly out of the can, from the jalapenos, refried beans,  olives, and sour cream. The tortilla chips also seemed out of the bag and the whole dish was just a soggy mess all put together. Why the hell is the guacamole so expensive? I make fresh at home better than this garbage. SPECIALTIES ( Which should not be called Specialties) NEW NAME: GARBAGE CRAP ON A PLATE BBQ Ribs - Burnt and dry, corn didn't have any flavor, and fries were soggy. SANDWICHES Blackend Chicken sandwich- chicken was so rubbery I used it as silly putty and still had enough to make a rubber bouncing ball.  side of fries were still wimpy and soggy. DRINKS Expensive, and not worth it. Just no, no, no and never again.
How does this place only have 2 stars?  My wife and I randomly stumbled in to this place at about 11PM and we had a BLAST.  The food wasn't bad but the balloon animals, jello shots, test tube shots and the yard long margaritas were awesome.  We had so much fun sending random texts to the number they provided so everyone could read our corny messages to the crowd. The DJ was really good and so was the MC. I didn't come here for fine cuisine... and why is everyone complaining about pricing?  It's in one of the most touristy areas of Orlando... give me a break.  If you need to feed your family of 8 on a budget, go to McDonalds.
Stopped in here for a drink around happy hour.  They were offering drinks at buy one get one free, so how could I resist.   Anything available on the BOGO selection list was extremely sweet - maybe good for a tourist or someone looking to break out in hives, but not very enjoyable. The location is touristy and cheesy.  I didn't have an opportunity to sample or ask about the menu here. My server was good, quickly refilling my second drink just about the time my empty glass hit the bar. The location might be good depending on what you're looking for, but I had a difficult time spending any time here.
Service sucked. Slow, ignoring, had plenty of staff. Maybe just not good staff. Priced ridiculously high. $15 burger really guys? Food was fast but not good. Worried about food temps. In the biz. So I am patient but this was not good.  I don't like Taco Bell but would have gotten better service, food, & price. Honestly.
Very very poor lunchtime/early evening service. Went here with a group of 12 people and the host put together 4 round tables for us to use, making the seating very weird when lots of square tables were available. Max ,the waiter, we had did not provide good service but the other waiter in the section was extremely friendly and very helpful. Definitely more of a drinking-club- party place. Drinks are cheap food is NOT. A simple BOWL of queso dip was $12. Atmosphere was the only positive thing about this un-impressive place. Maybe it's better at night.
I honestly was scared to come in seeing it at 2 stars!! We came yesterday without groupon and was told by a few customers that they had groupon!! (Woohoo) With groupon we are back $15 for $30 of lunch fare Can't beat that. :) There is decent food on the menu. No rush during lunch hour. Seated quick. Breezy open restaurant with party and beach feel. They have the brightess red salsa I have ever seen. Salsa is chunky/limey. Prices are high for the quality but with the groupon you can't go wrong. Christian was a great server and placed a sign at our table that read WE ARE NOT COMPLAINERS! Lol I can tell the party atmosphere at night is a bunch of fun. I had a drink called senor frog on the rocks. Trust me it ROCKED!! :)
Love this place. Every time I come on vacation to orlando I have to go here. They have great drinks especially during but one get one free happy hour. Their food is also good and their night events rock. Went to a foam party here and it was great.
Is their Mexican food a little on the pricey side? Maybe. Is the decor super over the top? Yeah. Is it a tourist trap? Perhaps. But you know what?? I don't care because we had a GOOD time at Senor frogs on a Sunday night. Service was excellent, attentive, professional, and we didn't have to wait at all. Entertainment - provided. Though a little tacky, I would never complain about decent live bands, music and slide shows with funny clips. My chicken fajitas - HUGE portions. For $18 there was more food than I could finish. Tons of grilled chicken (maybe 5-6 oz) served on sizzling onions and peppers. Sides of refried beans, spanish rice, guac/salsa/sour cream combo, and warm corn tortillas. It was really delicious and I don't have much to complain about. Our margaritas were buy 1 get 1 free. I split one order with a friend - she got mango and i got passion fruit frozen margarita and they were yummy! Sweet, fruity with just enough booze. Came out to be about $5 /person. The waiter even split the bill up for us so everyone got individual checks - a party of 5! :) I'm a happy camper.
I can't see coming here for dinner or lunch. Just doesn't seem like that kind of vibe for me. I've ordered food here multiple times and it was always just okay, nothing spectacular. Also the yard drinks are pretty watered down, and I don't consider them worth the value. Now on the other hand, if you treat this place like a club, this is a great spot to come and have fun. The music is good and the atmosphere here is pretty fun. I came for my birthday and they had bottle service available and set up a table for me for about 12-15 when I arrived, which I called ahead and reserved. Drink prices and bottle prices are your typical club prices. Gratuity was included, which I didn't pay attention to on the bill, and ended up adding additional tip. So I'm sure my waitress had a great night lol. But it was worth it, my friends and I all had a great time. So overall, I wouldn't recommend this place to come for a meal with the family or anything, but if you want to party and have some drinks with some friends, this is definitely a place to come and check out.
Very pricey and the food was so-so. We won't go back because the food was extremely overpriced.
I've been twice in Orlando.  I went this past Saturday for my birthday.  Had such a great time!  I had about 26 people who came out. We had dinner and stayed until it turned more into a "club" setting. They had a live Latin band which was great!  The service was great, food was on point and the drinks were good as well. Overall my guests and I enjoyed the night.  You just have to keep in mind that this is a tourist spot which tourist prices. If you don't want to pay extra for food or drinks, stay away from international drive.
Are you visiting Florida but wish you were on Spring Break in Mexico? Do you look forward to loud music, and an even louder MC? Do you yearn for overpriced watered down slushies? Then Senor Frogs is the place for you!  This place is (strangely) jam packed at all hours on the weeknds. Parking is a mess, but at least they offer free valet parking . USE IT! If you park in the wrong place on I-Drive you WILL GET TOWED. The food is weak. The drinks are pricey, and the crowd is filled with folks pretending they are a younger, wilder self. Clearly there are plenty of people who enjoy this vibe. I'm just not one of them.
I had a great time! Listen you shouldn't go here for the food. We just had the wings which was good and hit the spot after drinking. Tonight is the day before the 4th of July so it's popping in here. The Dj is the bomb! It's touristy but what do you expect on this strip. It's fun and lots of people are here and the music is the bomb so we having a ball.  It was a $15 cover charge but in from New York so that's cheap lmaoo I had a ball and so did the people I was with. Come here expecting to have a chest good time with balloon hats, lots of sweet drinks that sneak up on you, drunk patrons, fun waiters, shots shots shots and good music!
This place cannot decide on it's identity. Part restaurant, part bar, part nightclub, but it doesn't do any of them very well. The food is mediocre and overpriced and the service was terrible. The drinks are watered down and expensive. The dance floor is tiny, and there are tables in the way, and the live music is not good. Another review mentions no kids after 9PM, but I arrived at 10 on a Friday and there were multiple kids running around. The DJ "recommended" that kids leave at 11, but there were still some around after that.
In a few words- COMPLETE WASTE OF MY TIME!!! I arrived promptly for a 9pm reservation w/ a 1/4 of the ppl for a friend's bday celebration. We were told were couldn't be seated until 1/2 or more of our party had arrived. We were told to wait at the bar. We were FINALLY seated 30min later w/ only 10ppl for a reservation of 30. The waitress was great- she got our drinks to us in a fairly short amount of time. The menu--- nothing special. I settled for the chicken quesadilla ($15)-- I found it completely bland... This place is loud & obnoxious. Reminded me of Baja Beach Club back in the 90's. There isn't an actual dance floor-- ppl are dancing on unstable tables and chairs. Witnessed a few ppl even fall-- smh. Señor Frog is a place for tourists looking for a great night only to stumble back to the hotel--- to us locals NO THANKS...
Is there a phone number for this place?!?!
I've got to state this while I'm still mildly intoxicated and before the stink of cheap European cologne wears off:  Señor Frog's is a ripoff that desperately wants you to part with your money. This is the kind of place that I would never glance at, especially given that it's on I-Drive, but a friend really wanted to have her birthday celebration here. Let me break down the cost of a night at Señor Frog's: Parking: $5 Cover Charge: $5 ($10 if you're not a local) Seriously, a cover charge for a restaurant. Very weak, tiny frozen drinks: $10 each (after tax and before tip) Very weak, large frozen drinks: $18 (after tax and before tip) Nachos with chicken: $17 (after tax and before tip) Peeing in the bathroom: $1 (there's a bathroom attendant you have to tip before using the sink) I firmly believe that you can have fun anywhere if you're with fun people, but Señor Frog's tries to shove fun down your face and, as a result, becomes the antithesis of fun.  At a table of 20 people, only three dared to bother eating the overpriced food. It's impossible to get drunk unless you go there on Saturday for 2-for-1 Margaritas, which put forth a decent buzz. 90s hip hop plays at a deafening volume. Balloon sculptors get in your face and try to sell you ridiculous $5 hats. Shot girls and other employees get onstage and dance in productions that my friend and I both agreed "this is like 'High School Musical' gone bad." The place is stuffed with Europeans and South Americans with vast cultural differences on acceptable fashion, and thus the guy from Uruguay in a pink shirt and green pants becomes the only amusement you'll find here. Señor Frog's. It's deafening. It's crowded. It's shamelessly expensive. It's pathetic. It kind of reeks of vomit and bullshit. If you're a sane, rational person (particularly if you live in Orlando), there is no reason to even glance in its direction as you drive past.
It wasn't the greatest value, but we had a great experience at their location in the Bahamas so we gave it a shot.  Plus, we were just happy to find an open place on this fine Thanksgiving day.  It was pretty dead when we got there just before 1pm.  By the time we left, I'd say about 6 tables were occupied, so it was a bit better. OK, so service... our waiter was super nice and came off with a really accommodating attitude.  So it all started out great.  Not that it ended badly, but things were kind of sloppy.  We never go the nachos we ordered.  That turned out OK, because we had plenty of food.  The first time I got my drink it tasted like plain juice; the waiter took care of that issue. The cheese enchiladas were pretty good.  For the tacos, I tried to explain that we wanted everything on them, except they should substitute beans for meat.  So he sort of did that...  However, instead of using the refried beans, they used like plain boiled kidney beans.  That made the tacos pretty flavorless.  The veggie fajitas were quite good - nice flavor and they came with pico, sour cream, guac, etc.  Here again, we asked for more tortillas and it took forever to get them. Lastly, the prices at Senor Frogs are super high.  For this meal with two adults and two kids, we paid $70+.  They also included a 15% gratuity on the check.  I think that was fine, but it was a bit of a surprise given we were only 4 people. Overall, I'm giving them an OK rating.  I assume this place is pretty lively at night, based on our experience at the Bahamas and what the waiter also said.
What a nightmare. We were on our way to DRIP and ended up arriving about 30 minutes early, and since we had never been to this Señor Frog's (We had been to the one in Nassau) we thought we'd stop in for a drink. We muscled our way to the bar all the way in the back, which thankfully wasn't crowded.  The music was just as loud and obnoxious as you'd expect, with random karaoke interspersed between songs. The waiters, bartenders and other staff all had those metal gym whistles around their necks, which they would constantly blow in time to the music (or just randomly), which became annoying in approximately 0.3 seconds. The drink prices are high. The drink I ordered (I don't remember what it was but it had "Frog" in it, of course) was $8, or $16 for the double. I ordered the double and received it in a large palm tree-shaped plastic container.  Well, it was palm tree-shaped because of the leaves placed on top -- remove those, and it becomes something else entirely (see photo).  The drink itself wasn't good at all, using whatever low-end tequila they stamped their name on. We ordered the nachos for a quick snack.  Nothing special there. Canned refried beans topped with canned olives and canned jalapeño slices, some dry pieces of chicken, cheese, and scoops of sour cream and guacamole on top of soggy, store-bought tortilla chips. Two drinks and a plate of nachos: $53, not including tip.  Come on.  I've lived in Orlando long enough to know that the entire expanse of International Drive is designed solely to empty the wallets of tourists as quickly as possible (which is why I avoid it as much as I can) but this is just crazy.
We wanted to experience the night life in Orlando and the loud music coming from Senor Frogs caught our attention. We had to pay $10 for cover to get in. Males were priced at $15. Locals had to pay 5$ less. We were IDed twice and although it was past midnight, there were kids in the place! There is no exact area for a  dance floor as its also a restaurant and the tables are everywhere. Waiters don't pay any attention to you so it's hard to order. I will never be going here again and will not be recommending Senor Frogs to anyone either. It was mostly full of ghetto ppl and tourists. Food and drinks are over priced. Even though we paid a $10 cover charge (entrance fee), we did not hesitate to leave after 20 minutes.
This is my first time. .. They did not honor the 20% Yelp discount on all menu items.  Although it doesn't state it's restricted anywhere. .. The manager gave me a free margarita to compensate. .. that took them from a 1 to a 3. HONOR YOUR DISCOUNTS OR STATE RESTRICTIONS IN WRITING.  This is a fun place.
Food is super expensive and poor quality but it's in the middle of a tourist trap so what can you do? I'm sure it's awesome at night.
Went here with my wife for dinner. Overpriced and food is not good at all. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my wife ordered a chicken breast dish. Our food was out in about 3 minutes. Now, this can either be a really good thing (fast service!) or a bad thing (pre-prepared food). It was a bad thing. The chicken was rubbery and seemed like it was sitting in a tray in the kitchen just waiting to be slopped onto my sandwich. Think of the sort of chicken breast you get at Subway, not one that you get grilled form a restaurant. The fries had obviously been made way earlier and just sitting in the kitchen. We ordered a frozen drink that was OK, but it was obvious that it came out of a machine. It was very sweet. At $14-$15 per entree and $8.50 for the drink, this place was way overpriced and the food was definitely not worth it. We will not be back.
Dreadful   First thing I discover when I arrive is that I have the option to pay $5.00 to park my own car or use the "free" valet service.  Either way, it's going to cost me money to eat garbage food in a chain dump.  Stream your way past the moronic crowds who don't have sense enough to eat somewhere decent, you can sit at a table under strobe lights with horrible music and an obnoxious DJ.  Forget talking with your friends.  Then there's the food.  The prices are simply outrageous.  I'm taking Times Square outrageous.  $30.00 for a crappy steak?  Thanks but no thanks.  I skipped the food entirely although I did try my friend's chips and cheese dip.  That was $12.00 for a bag of mediocre chips and microwaved Velveeta.  Gross!  Oh, and if you want to use the bathroom that will cost you too since they have workers in there handing out paper towels.  I suppose I could have skipped giving them money but quite frankly, I felt sorry for them having to work in such a miserable hell hole.  The bathrooms had holes punched in the walls from what I can only assume were people banging on them in frustration.
Where to begin?! Senor Frogs is loud, festive and the perfect location for tourists who wish to dine on International Drive and be entertained as well. Our large party arrived at 6:30 and awaited 20 minutes to be seated. Our server was fairly quick with the drink orders. The menu is nothing out of the ordinary and very similar to what you would find anywhere else: burgers, burritos, fettucine alfredo and of course all the tex-mex faves. As expected for a largely tourist-centered establishment, the prices are high. $12.00 for a plain burger, $20.00 for pasta, $21.00 for a yard size drink.. My burger was prepared well and served with a small fry basket of fries. My friend who also shared the bill ordered a bacon and cheese burger for $15.00, without the inclusion of drinks, our bill was a total of $38.00. Be mindful of the entertainment fee and gratuity charges. Overall, Senor Frogs is loud and as diverse as it gets. The entertainment is constantly engaging diners to join in on the fun whether through karaoke or dancing on stage along with the crew. It still remains a great place to hang out for those celebrating frat moments, birthdays and the sort. I noticed some younger children growing increasingly frustrated and scared due to all the noise and flare that is Senor Frog. Be mindful of the environment and spare your little ones the frustration.
Horrible. Ordered a Nacho and a Chicken Burger. Two people in our party ate the Nacho before the Chicken Burger even arrived. We were ready to pay and walk out when the burger arrived... They didn't really care that we were there. Will never go back to this location. Food sucked, Helen Keller can put together a better nacho than they did and could have probably found, killed and cooked a chicken quicker than they did. OVERPRICED drinks................. Good luck...
We saw the manager riding a motorcycle in the parking lot while he was working. Then he was paying more attention to his friends. Also, some of are food was cold.
If you're in Orlando for business, as I was, skip this place. I gave it two stars because I could see how this would be a fun place for a group of teenagers or perhaps some older tourists, but my coworkers and I had a forgettable experience. It wasn't a good choice for us because it was just annoying overall. The band was extremely loud and although they were good, they were on break more than half the time, which Senor Frogs filled that time with Karaoke. The margaritas were bad and just tasted of pre-made slush made mostly out of sweet and sour mix. The menu had a wide arrange of choices with everything from tacos to ribs. The nachos we got were actually good, but everything else was nothing special. The most annoying aspect of the night was the amount of in-house solicitation. Announcements were constantly being made from the emcee about a woman raffling off a "free" trip to Mexico. They approached everyone at our table a few times to sell a few tickets for $20. There was a balloon artist constantly walking around making balloon hats for tips. There was another guy walking around with a stack of sombreros who put them all on our heads, took a picture, and then came back a few minutes later and asked if we wanted to buy it for $30. Honestly, I was already over it far before this point and some of us left before dinner was over.
When you are sharing a building with a Denny's and their menu looks positively gourmet next to yours, the only good sign for this place is CLOSED. A tequila bar out of two top shelf tequilas and NO LIMEs in stock? The manager should have run to the market to cover. The menu is good only if you can't pass the field sobriety test. It works for drunks on the beach in Mexico, but you should run too. I left without ordering food because what was coming out if the kitchen looked so gross. Lots of choices in the area. CHOOSE THEM!
What kind of a Mexican restaurant serves fajitas with beans and carrot ? Señor frogs ! I wasted money on the food ! Just an attractive restaurant .. Not worth it .. I would expect better taste for the money u pay .. U can go for music during the night .. Good id rate 1.5/5.. Food tastes like a fake Mexican restaurant !
Stopped here for a snack and a drink on the way home from Sea World.  $100 later, we were stunned and disappointed. Our server took it upon himself to give us our drinks in their yard sized plastic souvenir cups.  I ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt.  Got a palm tree phallic looking thing instead.  I would have sent it back, but was so stunned when he dropped it off I couldn't speak.  He then disappeared for 25 minutes so I drank it.  Average at best. Food was just OK.   When we got the bill, we saw the drink prices.  $17 for a crappy margarita?  $9 for a kids Smoothie?  Who cares that they come in a fun glass.  I'm not taking plastic drink cups home on an airplane.  Would have grabbed a manager to discuss the bill and his "up-sale" technique, but the place appears to be run by a bunch of 19 year old kids.  We visit Orlando every year and see restaurants come and go.  My guess is that this tourist trap will be out of business next year ( hopefully).
- Service: DREADFUL - First thing, one of the servers was making fun of a foreigner (German) trying really hard to speak English. What made it worse was the manager did not apologize to the guest, but rather laughed at him and told him to leave or he would call the cops. After about 40 minutes we FINALLY was asked if we wanted a drink or a glass of water, WTFrack. We received our food 5 minutes before a our glasses of water. - Food: ADVERAGE - I've had better Mexican food off a street cart in Tijuana, Mexico. - Show: N/A - Environment: BUSY - Cleanliness: NEEDS TLC - we had crusty food on our table and my wife had something floating in her drink. - Bathroom: OKAY - Price: PRICEY for quality - Location: In a busy area during the day and VERY busy area on a FRI/SAT night - Coupons: NONE - Special Comment: My mother taught me, if I do not have anything constructive to say, then I shouldn't say anything at all... I personally will NEVER be coming back to this location, not even for a FREE meal. **WARNING** : N/A
I was SO excited to go to Señor Frog's after hearing the craziness in the other ones in Cancun, Bahamas, etc. But... unfortunately I probably will not be going back to the Orlando Señor Frog's again! While walking through the parking lot into the front door, there was already some drunk chick who was projectile vomiting on the side of the place. (She was en route to go inside Señor Frog's) I also observed several intoxicated guests stumbling in and falling down on the sidewalk. Ok. Whatever. I guess it happens that people pregame but a little too much. Now walking in....Señor Frog's was really annoying. I usually don't mind loud places with people having fun BUT...Señor Frog's was very loud with the music. I had to shout to the server who was a foot away from me, and I could still barely hear him. The place was nicely decorated with the Caribbean theme of the Señor Frog in different outfits but it was very dim, black lights with different color flashing strobe lights. The strobe lights made me want to vomit, especially with the sugary drinks I was consuming! I had the signature Señor Frog drink in the Palm tree souvenir cup which I believe was 22 oz.... it was about $17. It tasted good, but beware, it was very sugary. My boyfriend and I had two Palm trees and a shot each..... the bill came out to be $79.34!!! :( Unbelievable! For a bar tab of $79.34, I would expect to be drunk if not puking-my-guts-out-drunk! (Puking-my-guts-out-like-the-people-out-front-­drunk!) Came out to be $89 with the tip! And for the guys, yes, there are drunk girls dancing on the chairs and the male servers would blow their metal whistles encouraging them to dance and get crazy....But, I didn't see any boobs. I was just waiting for a drunk girl to fall on her butt and get hurt. I didn't want to see that happen, but it was more as though I expected it because of the lights and the drunkies. Uh oh... law suits in the future? There are just some things you can and can't do in the US without worrying about liability. I wonder if the other Senor Frog's in Vegas and Myrtle are fun? So all in all, I will not be going back to Señor Frog's. I MIGHT have liked it if I was hammered off my butt drunk already, but hopefully that won't be happening anytime soon at Señor's.
This famous bar that captures the heart of many tourist in the Bahamas, Puerto Rico, and Las Vegas has finally made it's way to Orlando on I drive right next to Bahama Breeze. In case you need help finding it Senor Frogs location is in a big tiki hut with a human size frog statue waving outside. Yesterday was the grand opening party and let's just say by the time I left there is no way I could of written a review. The famous yard stick drink is enormous and although the drinks are deliciously favored with many juices those suckers sneak up on you! Senor Frogs has a variety of drinks to choose from such as house drinks, margaritas, shots, froggi-tinis, ice cream drinks, and beer. You have the option to choose from either a regular size drink, the palm ($14), or the yard stick ($19.) The cup is a souvenir that you can take home and refilling it cost only 2 bucks less than the original price. You could never go wrong with the famous Senor Frog drink or the Frog Buster. Like I previously mentioned they are disguised juice drinks so remember that before you decide to hit the famous Senor Frog's conga line because they will give shots. Senor frogs is a restaurant as well and they have food items such has appetizers, sandwiches, quesadillas, mexican platters, pasta, and more so you could never go hungry. The absofreakinlutely best part about this place is the way it's decorated inside, it's all carribbean themed with dim lighting, they have a stage for entertainment, humorous bar butt chairs, painting of frogs dressed as tourist. Just by looking around you will be entertained and that's not mentioning the reggae band, jello shot girls, live entertainment by the energetic staff, and dancing contest. This is a great addition to the I drive area and I am ecstatic about this Senor Frogs finally being in Orlando. Sounds like plenty of great memories and times will be spent here. Senor Frogs is always going to be where the party is at! ***Sidenote: I am not a worker for Senor Frogs just a consumer that has a genuine fun experience.****
..I do not recommend this place. I had the mistake of going there on a Saturday night and I regret it fully. The beer selection was pathetic and the crowd was like a huge Jersey Shore convention. Also....avoid going to the first bar on your left..the bartender (male) did not give good service at all and is very selective on who he helps. Avoided me and my friends for a good 20 minutes until I made an issue about it, and when I was leaving, decided to spray me with water..I hope that place goes out of business due to the horrible service and atmosphere.
We stopped in here for a brew and some food on a weekend afternoon.   Wow, what an error in judgment. The beer selection is very limited.  Only cheap American beer on tap.   We ordered wings.  How can you miss with wings at a place like this?  I assumed they were a safe bet. Not so, only one flavor, mushy and undercooked. I guess if I'm in a vacation destination and stumble off a cruise ship I might stop in again but won't venture by sober...
Extremely touristy, but I came here for a work party, so we had 1/2 the place roped off for us, so it was fun, I'm not a fan of "welcome to this place where you've come to eat STOP so I can take a picture and charge you $20 for it after"...get out of my face. Anyway, it's def a fun enviorment, fun with the trivia and karoke and little mexican shots running around everywhere. Since work paid for it, I never saw a menu so I'm not sure if the price was worth the quality of food, but it was a decent fish sandwhich. It's def a tourist trap, I hate I drive so I wouldn't go here for food, but with a group of people it makes for a fun experience.
Cover was reasonable.  Plenty of space. DJ kept the music pumping high energy. Drinks we good and reasonably priced.  Nice crowd in the heart of tourist country
The first problem is the parking, you have to valet if you dont want to have your car towed. Then upon entry, I was seated at a high top table where my host  introduced herself. She was initially courteous but that ended when my date and I opted for premium drinks in a civilized size. The server attempted to upsell us at every chance to get a "YARD" of house margaritas instead of the smaller size.  After telling her a few times "no, were ok". she finally left to fetch our drinks. Upon receiving my drink, it tasted like pure salt water. Completely un-drinkable. my guest was served a fruit based margarita that tasted like pure juice. The server did not show up again until i summoned her to get the check. She never even asked why our drinks were still full. I paid the tab without a tip and we left. The entire experience lasted 10 minutes.  Now I'll never visit a senior frogs again.
Food is average, but our quesadilla was good.  Dance atmosphere was so much fun with confetti, lights, and lively entertainers and DJ. Drinks are overpriced for tourists - a yard of daquiri cost $19. WORST part: Parking is confusing.  Friends parked at liquor store nearby and were towed within 2 hours. Then the very stupid staff at señor frogs told us to go to the wrong towing company! They also didn't warn us tow company only accepts Cash. We were not alone. There were several people from señor frogs at the tow place. Save yourself $125 and use their free valet parking.
I will never not pay attention to Yelp! ratings again (repeated 25 times.)  We wanted a good margarita, since we had enjoyed the one we had here a few years ago in Grand Cayman, and it was Happy Hour.  But it was loud (expected) and they were yelling trivia questions when we arrived, and the crowd was pretty drunk.  We fell victim to the 1/2 yard margarita in the souvenir glasses, which we all three ordered and that was a mistake.  They were watered down and expensive and not the ones we remember in the Caribbean.  Needing a munchie, we decided to share a plate of the nachos, but they too were disappointing.  They did have a very creative balloon artist who made exotic and elaborate balloon hats for everyone who wanted one, and that was entertaining to watch, especially with the childtren's reactions as more families came in for dinner, but we were disappointed that this visit was not as fun as we had predicted it would be.
I'm so disappointed with this place. Yes, it's fun but $19 for a watered down beer is bull. My friends get tipsy after 3 craft beers. They had two mixed drink yards and two free "shots" aka syrup and weren't feeling anything.... Not even tired! Service was belittling if you didn't order multiple yards of alcohol. Idk how anyone is drunk in here. My tab was over $50 and all I got was an entree and a yard of beer.
I would love to post a review, but when I walked in the door guy paid me no mind.  He was to busy flirting with two girls.  I tried to walk to the bar and he stopped me and told me there was a private event.  I told him I would have known that if you would of stopped flirting to tell me that.  Oh, well going home tomorrow.
I would give it 4 stars if it wasnt so far. But then again is meant to be a tourist spot. & Tourists love to party!!! Dont go for mediocre Tex-Mex  food; Go for the atmosphere at night. Very diverse crowd. Great music variety. Very fun! The DJ and staff def keep the party going. With balloons, paint, air, etc The "dance floor" can be a little bigger, but the place is huge anyway. I went on Friday night and had to pay $5 to park on their lot, and paid $5 cover to get in. This one was way better than the one in Myrtle Beach.
I agree food is bland and overpriced. GREAT ATMOSPHERE but food quality has to improve for price. Service was ok. Forgot our utensils several times, extra plates and napkins. Food arrived before we got any utensils and plates. Drinks took too long to come out after order was placed. Bill was not correct.
This place was terrible.  Way overpriced which I ordered a salad and a coke.. Tip and entertainment fee were added on.  Ridiculous.. Very loud with the music.. Will not be back.. First and last time I will go here.
Terrible place gouging the crap out of tourists. Just paid more for a chicken Caesar salad than a lunch plate at Epcot. My wife's friend wanted to try this place and we went along. Warning --no kids after 9pm. Watched the family at next table do a series of shots...good wholesome fun. Not. If you want to drop $75 on a salad, 2 sandwiches & 2 taquitos while some no talent singer & DJ blare music at you then Señor Frogs is the place for you. PS -- don't forget the "entertainment" fee & tip for valet.
Ready to party?! They will deliver. This is the place on I-drive you should go to party. They are just like the senor frogs in other locations around the world. They have great signs and props that are great for pictures. The DJ is mobile and is offering contests and other ways to win free drinks. There's a balloon maker to make awesome hats. If you're a local you'll love the vacation feel, and if you're a tourist you'll know orlando has more than just a mouse.
Mad expensive! We decided to just get a few happy hour drinks and chips and move on to something worth it.
Only reason I gave more than one star is for the balloon hat maker. He was good. Our service was horrible, however. We almost never saw our server and had to get the attention of other servers around for things like silverware and drink refills. The food was over priced and not very good. Maybe if you were coming here just for the bar it would be better but it's not a good choice if you're just looking for food.
Soooo I came here for my 21st birthday last year when I was a CP because my friend recommended it. It was terrible. They make you pay 5 bucks for parking?!  Ahhh no thanks I'll park behind TGI Fridays I think it was, down the block for free.    And a 5 dollar cover charge? I'm sorry this place isn't a club. Drinks are wayyyyyy overly priced and the music wasn't all that good. I will never come back here no matter how popular the name is...   I understand it's in a touristy area near Universal....but still there's nothing special about this place!
Was there in January and it was the worst experience. So mismanaged. Poorly trained servers. Incompetent general management. This place should be closed!
Great atmosphere, good food, outstanding service ! Working in the guest service/hospitality area here in Central Florida I am once of the critical people regarding customer service; the service provided by the servers we had Eli and Dani truly was among the best we have received in very long time! Must say I would certainly have another birthday party / team builder again... We asked for the MOD (Leo) who was very humble and appreciative. Thank You all at Senor Frogs for it was truly a FUN! Until my next visit!
Stopped in for a quick lunch here today. Sat at the bar - I think Tia was the bartender's name. She was really nice and the service was really prompt. Had the cobb wrap. Pretty good - kinda dry, though. I used my husband's guacamole from his Fish Tacos (he liked those too, by the way) to make up for it. But the "steamed veggies" that I ordered were actually cooked in oil and a little greasy, but tasted fine. A little healthier than the french fries. Was surprised when the guys next to us ordered a pitcher of margaritas that they don't offer pitchers. The yards of margaritas are $18 for a 28 ounce drink - I feel like it's probably in your best interest to just get a regular drink for the price, but I can't compare, as I don't know what the standard drinks cost. It's in a perfect area for the touristy feel it has. The ceiling is pretty cool. Not amazing, but it's as you would expect.
Lets get our frog on! It's 5:23?on a Saturday and not packed yet so Jashua, our server can handle us pretty good. We ordered draft Stella's , smoothies, soda, nachos & chips & salsa.  Nothing heavy right now!
Atmosphere and the service was great. The food is OK. the prices are high. This wouldn't be the place I go on a regular basis.
We went to celebrate and had an awesome time, first time there will definitely come back. Customer service is spectacular! Fun fun place to go. We tell all our friends.
I am a Central Floridian, but I like to venture to I-Drive to try new places every now and then. I had heard that Señor Frogs was a fun place, and I had time to kill...how bad could it be right? Well... It was midday and we were one of maybe four tables in the entire restaurant. Our waitress was kind and attentive, no complaints there.  I asked if the fettuccine Alfredo was good...she said it was very creamy. Well, that doesn't really answer my question, but I got it anyway. Ick! Not only was it overpriced, but it was bitter tasting. The chicken was spongy and tasted like it came out of a bag pre-cooked and then warmed up. It may have had grill lines, but it didn't taste like any grilled chicken I've ever tasted. You'd think with the place being empty that our food would be hot...not so much. I ate about four bites before the smell started making me sick. Not good at all :( I can't speak for anything else on the menu, but the pasta was awful. Not worth the drive or the money. I will never go again...never.
I came in because I had a groupon and had never been before. The food was okay but extremely overpriced! Guacamole was 13 bucks and was good but still over priced. I got fajitas. And got 3 tortillas so I waited for about 5-10 minutes after I ran out before my server saw me not eating and came by. She still hadn't been by to see if everything came out okay. As a server myself I am picky when I done out but those are the basics of being a server. I also informed her of my groupon when we sat and she failed to inform us it didn't include drinks so at the end of the night which took twenty minutes to cash out, we had to order desert Togo because we hadn't spent what we needed. I was extremely irritated when we left. For 19 chicken fajitas I expected more than 3 tortillas and two scoops of pico. I understand it was busy but if a server can not give at least good service, cut down the sections because I will probably not return.
Recently stopped in before reading the reviews.  I was nervous but the food was good, a little bland.  Service was great.
The food is not quite as good as the atmosphere. Definitely a tourist attraction complete with souvenir shop.  The service was very good, but it was obvious that they prefer those ordering drinks. As for the food, they had some strange combinations on the Tex-Mex menu. I have never heard of Swiss cheese on enchiladas or basalmic vinaigrette on a taco salad. They were great about substituting though. As for prices, I thought they were high and there was a $2 entertainment fee on the bill for each in my party..not sure if that was for a cover charge or for the balloon maker who made us each a fun hat.  A one-time experience for me at $22 total bill for one taco salad and water. Great for a group wanting to party, but we went for the food which was ok.
The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of one is because my long island iced tea was good and the bartender was nice, besides that brief encounter, terrible place. It's just one big room filled with overly loud music and drunk people falling all over the place. The yardstick drinks are a scam to spend $19 on a drink that has barely any alcohol in it, and the food was bland and cold. Too crowded and mostly tourists, and way to expensive for what it's worth
Having been stationed in Hawaii and experiencing the Señor Frogs in Waikiki Beach I was overly excited for the one here to open up. I must say, it is nothing like the one in Waikiki. I went on a weekday night about a month ago and was hugely disappointed. I realize weekdays are off nights so I would normally expect the service to be much better, needless to say, I was wrong but I will go through a play by play. We arrived sometime after 10pm and there were about 30-40 people so it was relatively empty for a place of its size. My friends and I had a seat at a table and looked over the menu. They are famous for their yard-stick drinks so I decided that since I was not the driver I was going to take full advantage of this. My first drink was a mojito. Why? I am Puerto Rican, I love rum and it seemed like a good idea. I was highly disappointed because of the general weakness of the drink. I can personally make a better mojito and won't charge you $20 for it. I had a sip of my friend's long island. Much much better than what I had ordered so my second drink was a long island, yard-stick style. After not seeing my waitress for 20 mins I finally waved her down to ask where my drink was. I applaud her honesty in telling me that she had forgot but that doesn't change the fact that she failed to check on our table. Being the do-it-yourselfer that I am I decided that I would just order my next drink from the bar myself so I wouldn't have to rely on so-called waitress to forget about me another 20 mins. I like loud music as much as the next person but having to point and sign which drink I wanted is a little ridiculous. I will probably not go back on my own free will anytime soon but this one does not live up to the Señor Frogs name that it so proudly displays. If you like yelling at your server and paying too much for drinks I would encourage you to go visit. If you are more like me and have experienced another Señor Frogs I would advise you to stay away from this one at the time because it needs some improvement to live up to it's name.
Huge disappointment. Save your time and money. Only reason to go is the party atmosphere.
Not much new info for me to add other than to confirm what others have written. We went as a group with volleyball team recently. Unless you are already drunk or have lost your taste buds, don't go to this place to have a good meal instead. Go to Subways next door. If you want to get drunk, you can do it elsewhere for much less $$. Not a good place to bring your kids/ teens. Servers were pleasant and generally good.
Opening night. Felt very welcome but a little overwhelmed. The menu was larger than one might think and great service - so far - night has just begun...
Too many tourists, bad food, expensive, they don't offer a great beer selection. The atmosphere is alright. It's loud and crowded. I can't deny that the complimentary valet parking was pretty nice.
Great music and dance. This place definately knows how to show you a good time. Monday night is hospitality night so their the first signature drink is free.  The food is nothing to write home about.  Go for the drinking, the dance and the entertainment.  We had such a good time, we hit this place 2 nights in a row.
Made the mistake of going here before going to Drip last night. It's exactly what every local despises about I-Drive. The food and drinks were all terrible. The atmosphere was fun and the service was on point. We spent $125 on a dinner for two for something that should have cost less than $50. You'd have a better meal at Denny's next door.
The staff was friendly and we were pretty much alone in the joint.  They made sure to make my son's food gluten free and he and I got to talk to a lot of the staff.  Everyone was great.  My 3 year old loved dancing to the music.  I wouldn't call the service fast but friendly made up for it.  And it was close to my hotel.
I came here last week on a Tuesday night at about 11 pm. from Dane n Buster's. First let me be clear, it is not the Senor Frog's in the bahamas ( which if you have never been MUST be on your bucket list)...but then again you would not expect it to be with all of the laws we have in place here...ahhhh bummer...We came in had a jello shot, a few long island ice teas in the medium size and I don't even remember the cost of the bill...lol but there was no cover and while it was not crowded we had a blast.  THe DJ is amazing and will take requests and put them on within a few minutes.  There were three of us and we really had a rocking great time!!!! OUr medium sized drinks were in the palm tree thing someone mentioned it but it is a great souvenir.  I will be back, had so much fun , it was crazy! For a Tuesday night in tourist town, I am impressed! Oh..and they have free valeting!
Stopped here looking for a bite to eat. At first glance it reminds you of a Chuck E. Cheese's. The baloon hats, a frog mascot walking about, flouresent signs mounted all over the ceiling, and kids as far as the eyes can see. I arrived at about 9:30pm and was tired enough not to bother with finding another place to eat. Out of no where the kids were gone and the place turned into a club. There was a live band, the staff were giving out free shots, and the live DJ was putting out the hottest songs. It was a bit crowded and it took 45 mins for a table, but it was fun. Food is ok, but the drinks are weak.
Food was not really that good. Very bland! Gratuity was automatically included which we didnt know before hand. The waitress was not attentive at all. I dont see myself returning anytime soon.
Overpriced crap. Food is the equivalent of On the Border at 4x the cost. $8 per person "entertainment fee" added to your bill--for a lame @$$ DJ and non-stop streaming of America's Funniest Home Videos on the tv monitors. + the drinks are ridiculously pricey. $16 for imports--WTF???? They automatically add gratuity to your bill, then ask for tips for valet, bathroom attendants and some retard making balloon animals at your table. Lame karaoke + waiters doing line-dancing. This place is lame as hell.
Drinks and atmosphere get 5 stars the food sucks so THREE stars over all
A mixture of family and adult. The orlando experience is different than the other locations.
After a misunderstanding Nico (manager) provided excellent guest recovery. Matt the bartender gave us excellent service. We will definitely be back for the kick buttt margaritas and the awesome chips and salsa. The entrees were also delicious!
They are definitely working off the señor frog namesake because this new Orlando location is no-where close to compareable to other locations. I went to the grand opening and I've never been to a "restaurant" that had a cover charge to get in, let alone $10. I ignored it seeing as that it was the grand opening and when I've been to other señor frogs there was a $5 cover charge; But even then at other locations they gave you a free souvenir cup with your paid admission which then you could pay to fill up once inside. It was not completely bad since the ambience inside was pretty good as well as the music. But that was quickly swayed once you saw the drink menus prices. Especially since the servers go around taking your drink order and asking you what size before youve even gotten to see the drink menu or prices.  I've seen large 20+ ounce drinks go for around $12-$15 at other places but here the drinks started at $14-$19 for the smaller 22oz drinks and $18+ for the 28oz drinks. I thought to myself "you know what this is señor frogs, so if they're charging that much they must be pretty strong drinks." so I ordered one.  I instantly realized that it was definitely not worth it as there was maybe 2oz max in their 22oz drink. I would assume for the price that was being payed you would actually get a decent drink. Don't let them fool you by them saying that they are disguised as juicy drinks because that is what they are juicy drinks. The only way they will "sneak up" on you is if you drink at least 7 of them which you think you can drink 7 22oz drinks, more power to you but a heed of warning this will easily empty out your pockets at close to $85+ not including tip.  As even refills are ONLY $2 less than getting a new drink. On a side note, I don't know if many of you are tequila drinkers but on they're menu a couple of they're margaritas claim to have Juarez "reposado" tequila.  Which if you know they don't make a reposado tequila as Juarez doesn't make a 100% agave tequila as it is comparible to montezuma tequila, which is like drinking popov or mccormicks vodka. So for a place known for it's margaritas to lie on they're menu about what tequila they use is disrespectful to señor frog name. Even at the end of the night they have flaws.  Now I know security is responsible for herding people out at the end of the night, but you would assume they would be asking those who were actually drunk and heckling people to leave. I say this because as we were leaving there was a table with 3 or 4 old guys heckling people and making comments.  Now I could understand if they managers or owners that security would not ask them to leave. But if they were I find it unprofessional for a owner or manager to be drinking, getting drunk and heckling their guests in their place of business. Now don't get me wrong the music was good and the staff was friendly.  But that nor the Señor Frog name will be enough to keep this place busy for more than a few months.  Although I'm sure they know it as they're already trying to hide it as they've deleted any negative comments people left on their Facebook page so that others dont see it. PS:  if you do see any 3+ star comments they are mostly likely señor frog staff members trying make the place look better than it is, and they should know that technically those that work at the location they are posting about are not supposed to according to YELP guidelines.
On my most recent visit to Orlando, FL I stopped by here to grab a couple of drinks and see what the nightlife is like in Orlando and came upon this place and it was really fun.  A lot of different people from all over! Good times!
This place SUCKS! Not a Family Enviroment, Their service makes me sick...for many reasons. They allow their servers and bartenders to drink alcohol and serve.. You don't want them around your kids; they use vulgar language at the bar. They behave inappropriately and dance on one other like clowns. This place is for party people who don't mind paying for bad service. I went to the bar to order a drink and was told by a bartender to walk around the bar and find the black bartender to get served. then the bartender curses me out because I refused to move and order from someone else..then they kick me and my party out and did not refund us the cover charge that we paid to get in.. The manager did not know how to handle the situation and said I have to pay my credit card bill and handed me the copy when i'm outside the restaurant..why would you charge me $5 at the door, kick me out and ask me to pay for 1 drink? Sick people work there. I'm disgusted and will not recommend this spot for families.
I went here with a couple of others and suspected the food would be average at best with an atmosphere hovering just below cheesy tourist. It did not disappoint. We ultimately had to get up and forage first for sugar for our tea, then for plates for our appetizer. The waitstaff appeared to be busy flirting with each other to pay much attention.  None of us finished our meals, the food just wasn't very good. I suggest driving by without so much as a thought of stopping.
Before I went to Señor Frogs I heard bad things from friends and read the reviews here on Yelp. Still gave it a shot and it was well worth it! We booked a reservation for 8:30 (no cover charge if you book reservation also 10 min grace period if your running late). The staff was excellent and energized. I was with a 21st birthday party so we were loud! Chonga line and LOTS of FREE shots (in tubes) if you actually participate and have fun! The waiter Leo was wonderful! Burgers and Nachos were good!! Regular shot prices were normal bar prices and good size. The only thing that sucked is the $17.00 YARD drink with like an inch of alcohol in it. This rating would of been a 5 if it had more alcohol. Other than that...We made that bar our bitch!!
