I had been visiting the Loop west without any knowledge at all!!! The Loop West is really where all the stores I frequent are located.  Mainly Ulta.  Well, Ulta is about all, and DSW of course.  In addition, Abuelo's, Menchies, G, and other stores are also in the area. I have visited the Loop West looking to donate blood as well.  The Big Red Bus can be found in the main loop, and sometimes, also in the Loop West.  Earn a free Fandango movie ticket when you donate. . . So, shopping,eating, and other types services do exist beyond the Loop to the Loop West.  The crazy parking situation one finds in the Loop exists here as well.  It's not the best, but what can you really expect when you have such a plethora of stores all crunched up together in one place? Despite the traffic configurations, it's still a cool place to find a wide assortment of stores in one location.
Many, many stores here. If it wasn't for the extremely horrible weather we would have spent more time here. There's a lot to see and do here, many restaurants, a theatre stop in and see. I am definitely coming back here soon. Only drawback is it is confusing to navigate through so the road/s get backed up.
The Loop...Continued! The Loop in Kissimmee has been a shopping staple of recent memory, and is now expanding to The Loop West, which is conveniently right across the street! However, the Loop West seems to offer a bit more big name stores, and looks to become the "bigger brother" of the two shopping centers. The Good: A "real" anchor store: Call me picky, snooty, or whatever you want, but Kohl's and Dress Barn are not anchor stores. Luckily, The Loop West has JC Penny's for an anchor, which is a little bit more tolerable (though I would have ideally preferred a Macy's) Less Eating, More Shopping!: One of the biggest issues I have with the original Loop is that every other store is some type of restaurant. Luckilly, The Loop West has a lot more places to actually SHOP which is great. The Bad: Still No Shade: The original Loop had almost no shade, and The Loop West has the same problem. I mean seriously! We're all going to get Skin Cancer at this rate! The Loop West is a great addition to The Loop shopping megaplex, and can give you a bit more of a shopping-focused experience. However, don't forget the sunscreen! Overall: 7.9/10 Shade-less Super Shopping
The Loop is a good place to shop and walk around... but good luck trying to find your way out. Ive been there numerous times, and every time... i end up driving all around looking for the exit.. it might just be a blonde thing. good luck!
This is a great place to shop and spend a day. They have just about everything you need all in one place.  The plaza is clean and we'll maintained and usually very busy. It's all outdoors so plan for lots of walking in the sun.
Now this is the review i should have done at first. Loop West is the new area and i am a big fan of this one. Example: Abuelos, Pei Wei, BJ's Brewery, Tropical Smoothie, and of course the new addition to the family Moes. Cant go wrong with that. Oh yeah, and who could forget Bonefish. The main reason i come here is for Menchies. Loop West has plenty to offer when it comes to food. The other side has limited options. Now on to the stores, JC Penny. Need i say more. Truly a one stop shop area. Parking is pretty good, not as bad as the other side. Holidays are always a mess. TJ Max has been a nice addition since we lost Circuit CIty which used to be there. Loop West truly fits Osceola clientele. And yes that includes me.
Traffic patterns coulda been more well thought-out here, but otherwise, I really love the Loop West.  Great stores all around. Been on this side to eat, buy shoes, buy clothes, get glasses, ...!
