Great place to... Kill a few hours Read a book Go on a walk, jog or run Have a picnic Lay in the sun Play on a playground Enjoy the scenery People watch
What a gem in the City of Albany! Washington Park encompasses 90 acres of beautiful landscaping, trees, and vegetation with a lake, historic monuments, memorials, tennis courts, playground, outdoor performing arts center, and paths for walking, running, and bicycling. The Park is maintained by the City of Albany Department of General Services (DGS). Washington Park has some big events such as the annual Tulip Festival in the spring, Lobster Palooza, live performances at the Park Playhouse, Capital Holiday Lights In The Park (albanycapitalholidayligh…) sponsored by the Albany PAL, and some major road races such as the Freihofer's Run For Women and the Corporate Challenge. Almost 10 years ago, I actually ran the Corporate Challenge through Washington Park with my former coworkers. Over the years, my family and I have enjoyed having nice picnic dinners before the shows at the Park Playhouse. Many years ago, it was called the Lakehouse and we enjoyed live shows such as Oklahoma and Joseph & The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat performed by the Siena Players. Around the holidays, we pack into the car and head over to Washington Park to see the fantastic colorful holiday lights and afterwards sip on some hot cocoa at the Playhouse. Besides recreation, Washington Park serves as a major cut through route between the "Freebie 90" (Exit 6 via Arbor Hill) and the Albany Med area. Watch out! I've seen ambulances fly and cut through the Park. However, I definitely would not recommend walking around the Park late at night because it can feel kind of sketchy here in the darkness of night. Yikes!
Washington Park is Albany's Central Park. It's right in the center of Albany proper, and I can echo everything Ian has said in regard to amenities. I love all of the festivals that are held in it - Tulip, Latin, Winter etc. It seems like the list is always growing. The park is really transformed into a set of stages, vendors, and activities. It's also a great place to just go and relax on any given day. You can meet up with friends on a blanket for a picnic, or byo grill and start cooking away. You can fish in the lake, although feeding the birds is frowned upon. Bring the doggie for a walk in the dog park .Gotta echo Casey S. and say to keep an eye on your pooch. In general most folks keep an eye on their dogs, but there is always the lazy owner not watching their dog. The best advice I can give is to just assume Alpha status and exert doooominance over the other dog. (a la "Dog Whisperer" TV show) There is also parking available within the park. It might be more difficult to find during the weekend, but not an impossibility by any means. Personally, I like parking in the park when I'm in the area since the traffic always strikes me as less reckless than the rest of the area at night. So pack up the family and spend some time walking through it. There's some great benches, and generally the cops don't frown upon skateboarding by the monument part.
Although I myself have always feared using this place, it actually has some pretty good and interesting things in it.  From a Tulip festival in the spring, to a large Christmas display at night in the holiday season(special fee for this special attraction), this park has it all.  The place is just so peaceful and serene.  And the best part, if you are in the neighborhood, you can even walk into the park. One of the only bad things about it, is that it is nearby to a neighborhood that has a financial crisis going on!  Keep the windows in your car rolled up or you may find yourself robbed blind by those neighbors nearby(I hate to sound like I'm discriminating against them, but its not positioned in the best/cleanest area of town)..
Albany's central park, but obviously much smaller. Has a nice lake-great place to jog. Plenty of beautiful nature.
2 laps around the outside track makes for a 5k. Happy running!
NOT safe at night, Barely safe during the day. Dog owners be aware of loose pitbulls running around!
Put your effin dogs on a leash.  That's pretty much my only complaint about Washington Park.  It's big, green, beautiful and I live directly across the street.
