My family has lived in Celebration for almost three years. We love going downtown for special events or any other day. My two-year-old son likes to run around in the fountain by the lake and get a scoop of ice cream at Kilwins. When my mom or grandma visit we like to go to the adorable shops and spend a little money. I'm a foodie and enjoy eating at Celebration Town Tavern, Thai Thani, Columbia, or Cafe D'Antonio. There are lots of special events throughout the year: fireworks on Independance Day and New Years, Snowing nightly every night of the winter, car shows, sidewalk sales, and many others. Living here can sometimes feel like being on vacation because of all the tourists. I meet a lot of people from all over the country when I hang out downtown with my son. If you want to get a good look at the whole town rent a bike or Segway and grab a map from the Celebration History Center.
I am not sure if I like or hate this place. It's a town center that feels like a theme park. It's an odd mix of "old" new building... I mean new construction that are meant to look in various older styles. It look impressive from afar but fake from close by. They make it a trade mark to organize "celebration" on various event. The Town Center is built near a lake and this is the site to various fireworks. We were in Orlando for the 4th of July this year and we saw that Celebration was organizing a "Sci-Fi 4th of July", that peaked our attention. Since the number of people coming to those events are overwhelming, the town organize a "park and ride" place about two miles off the town center. We parked there and took the shuttle. The Town Center was packed and the ambiance was quite festive (reminder of a theme park also). After seing the costume contest we settled down on the lake shore, a little further to wait for the fireworks. While waiting we chatted with some nice folks who live around and they really love Celebration, coming here regularly for those events. Fireworks were spectacular and plentiful... although my son didn't like the scifi songs, thinking that these were all the most obvious songs you can think of (theme from 2001, Star Wars...)... well, this is what one would expect isn't it? Getting out of town after the fireworks was a very slow process. The town is designed to be "livable" but this also means that the streets are narrows and the number of access are limited. It took us about 90 minutes to leave the are. All in all, a nice experience but not really my kind of place.
Did I just step into the movie town of "Pleasantville"?   That is Exactly what you will think as you drive into the pristine and perfectly spaced Town Center of Celebration.   Everything is adorable and "picture perfect".... literally!! How can this be?  I have been to dozens of cities, even planned communities and nothing looks like this place.    Turns out,  Town Center Celebration was Disney inspired!!!   And it certainly shows! The beautifully designed and manicured Town Center is home to adorable shops, restaurants, and businesses.   Many of the more notable buildings were designed by renowned architects!  Even the Bank of America buildings looks like something out of a painting!! We were told we HAD to see this area, and I am glad we did.   We had lunch at the Thai restaurant, ice cream at a chain (been to so many times but was even more adorable here), browsed a few stores and even had a slice of pizza.   There was a sweet serenity to the area as the only sounds you heard were sounds of other shoppers and nature itself.   I haven't heard birds chirping so clearly in a shopping area in a long time.   We will definitely be back.  Everyone was very sweet.  The lake was so peaceful to look at- until we saw the sign "It is illegal to harass or feed the alligators".  WHAT?!?  ARE THERE ALLIGATORS in there?!?!?   Apparently fishing in the lake is ok as we saw quite a few people fishing.   I am told they host some great activities for the holidays- including covering the entire place with SNOW!!!  We will definitely be back to check it out!
The town of Celebration is a mixed use community that was developed by the Walt Disney World Company in the mid 1990's. The Celebration Town Center is the main hub of the community.  Here you will find shops, restaurants, services, and a beautiful boutique hotel, all located in the heart of the Celebration neighborhood.  This quaint Town Center not only serves as a shopping & dining spot, it is also a place where the community comes together for annual neighborhood events and social gatherings.   It's a nice place to come for a bite to eat & do a little shopping.  Bordering the shops and restaurants you will find a lakeside promenade.  With rocking chairs scattered about, one can relax and take in the view. The kids will have fun time running around in the sprayground.  It's a nice place to cool down on a hot day. There is a lovely walking trail that loops around the lake.  It's very nice taking a walk around in the early evening when the sun is starting to set.  You might even get a peek of the resident alligator. Be sure to check out the weekly farmer's market on Sundays from 9:00am-2:00pm.  Some of the other events taking place at the Celebration Town Center include: The Spring Arts Festival, Oktoberfest, and Now Snowing Nightly.
Celebration has a number of activities to participate in during the holidays. Every night you can experience a "snow". Kids dig the snow. They have an ice skating rink. The ice skates look super awkward and it was silly watching kids using walkers to assist them, but they looked like they were having a blast. There is also free entertainment on the main street. Parking is terrible but you will not stress about it much if you choose to park further away from the main street and on one of the side streets. You can also do a horse carriage ride if that kind of activity interests you. I would make advance reservations at the restaurants if you plan to dine there during the holidays.
Great small town to walk around and check out the stores. Then eat in a local restaurant. All a little different. We had Thai and it was excellent. Looks like a nice area to live!
This is a great place to walk around and hit one of the local restaurants.  The relaxed atmosphere is great for both families and couples.
