Right in the heart of tourist country here in Orlando lies Point Orlando, a huge shopping, dining, movie-plex conglomerate with a little something for everyone. There are plenty of stores for the shopper in us all. Boutiques as well as some chains, most of the upper scale variety. But I love Point for the unique restaurants. Taverna Opa is a real treat, where else can you dance on your table the Ompa after enjoying a tasty meal? Tommy Bahama's is also a great concept restaurant that gives you the feeling of really being out on a luxurious island with its tropical decor. And for the movie lover there is a huge movie theater here as well. You're sure to find something to keep you busy at this outdoor mall.
The variety of everything you need for any time of day and occasion. Taverna Opa of course being my favorite establishment. Doesn't get enough visitors though.
Not a lot of stores and even though its an open air mall they do not allow dogs. After I was there with my dog for at least 2 hours a security came and asked me to leave. Maybe that is why is empty.
PACKED.. pay for parking.... meh
we are staying at the Peabody and have a short walk to the mall so I visited often.  The Brighton store is very nice and the service was excellent not overbearing.   We ate at Tommy Bahamas on our first visit and was impressed with the server and the food.  The next day we tried Hooters since I was curious and wanted to know what it was like after seeing them all over the. Country .  Welllll it definitely not about the food.  I don't know what they consider bbq'd ribs these were by far the worst ribs I have attempted to eat.  The shrimp were soggy and mediocre at best.   The servers were friendly and helpful but needless to say, I will not be returning for an encore.  I guess it is pretty a place for men who want to ogle the young ladies working there.
Was just here recently.  This place used to be my old hangout spot back in the early high school days.  That was back when they had XS, which was a 2 story high end arcade.  The hooters there is alright.  Remember going there for my 17th or 18th birthday and having to stand on the stool cuz my friends decided to share it was my birthday. I was handed a salt and pepper shaker and told to shake it haha.  Good times.  There used to be an FAO Schwartz there but that got torn down just like a lot of other things there.  Place is riddled with memories.  Now that im older definitely going to have to hit up Adobe Gilas for 99 cent Margarita night though. The movie theater is still the same, but the box office has moved to directly underneath the theater and looks better than it previously did.  Overall, all the new restaurants there have made the place look nicer than previously, and its never crowded there for some reason.  Don't forget to get your parking Validated if you go see a movie!
Wow, this place was like a ghost town.  It seems this place was built to cater to shopping from the tourists and the retaurants hoping to survive on the convention business.  Judging by how dead it is during the day, neither is working. not to mention they actually have the nerve to charge for parking in their crappy garage.  If you're smart you can find free parking at other places around.  The place probably had potential at one point but it doesn't have it anymore. There are a bunch of empty store fronts, and the ones that are there are not great. No one is going out of their way to go to a Tommy Hilfiger outlet. How ghetto is that? I think they tried to be an upscale shopping/dining center but failed miserably.  Also anonying was the fact that most of their bars are frequently bought out for "private events".  So its a guessing game if you're even going to be allowed in once you get there.  I think the only thing keeping them alive is the little business they get from the corporate events and conventions.  I feel they could have done so much more to attract tourists and locals...but they really dropped the ball. The traffic is real bad in this area and it is nothing special.  Head to Universal City Walk for a much better experience.
We attempted a trip to Toy's R Us which was supposed to be at Pointe Orlando.  When we arrived the parking garage was a NIGHTMARE!  Hundreds of empty spots were reserved for valet while self parkers were left to fight for spots.  We parked and quickly scurried in and out of the traffic only to find that Toys R Us is gone, despite what it says right on the sign when you come in.  So we raced back to the car (it was very cold).  Of course someone waited on my spot as I was backing out.  Another car two spots down also backed out right into the guy waiting for my spot.  So I was stuck there waiting for them to sort things out.  When I finally got to the exit the as&h^%e there insisted I pay for 2 hours of parking.  He claimed they only wave 15 minute parking and I was there 18 minutes!  When I refused to pay they coned off my lane and called the manager, who then called security.  All of them insisted I pay because I entered their garage.
A visit to Pointe Orlando always makes me a little sad, simply for the fact that I think this spot has so much untapped potential! Pointe Orlando is essentially a large entertainment, dining and shopping complex. The outlets that I have personally visited always seem to be busy and at least appear to be profitable. There are, however, many vacant storefront and restaurant spaces, which can make it feel like a ghost town despite profitable spots. It's definitely still worth a visit, especially if you are looking to dine in the International Drive area. In terms of entertainment, there is a Regal cinema, comedy club and a laser tag facility. Dining includes several restaurants at varying price points and includes Capital Grill, Marlow's Tavern, Maggiano's, the Pub Orlando, Ra sushi, Cuba Libre, Taverna Opa, Adobe Gilas and Johnny Rockets, to name a few! Dining options is definitely the strongest area for this spot. Shopping  seems to be where they struggled. There are a few spots including Charming Charlie, Hollister, Bath and Body Works, Armani Exchange and Chicos, but this is also wear you'll find the most dead space- empty or recently vacated. There is also a large parking garage and many restaurants will validate. Despite the deserted nature of certain areas, I always feel safe in this area. It also appears they have some construction going on to keep the facility in tip top shape. Hopefully with the arrival of I Drive 360 and some more activity in the International Drive area, Pointe Orlando may have a little more life in the future!
Close to the Convention Center and makes for a nice break from whatever you're convention'ing about. Located pretty much where International Drive and Universal Blvd come together, Pointe Plaza Ave and International form a point giving Pointe Orlando a triangle shape.  It's a small dining and shopping center within walking distance of the Convention Center and some of the hotels. It's an open air mall with a couple of levels. There's a large parking garage on the backside.  Be sure to get your parking validated at either the movie theater or one of the restaurants.   The restaurants I noted are: Funky Monkey Bistro & Bar, Adobe Gila's, Maggiano's Little Italy, Tommy Bahama Restaurant & Bar, B.B. King's Blues Club, Taverna Opa, The Capital Grille, Ben & Jerry's Homemade Ice Cream, The Pub, Copper Canyon Grill, Cuba Libre Restaurant & Rum Bar, Fat Fish Blue & Improv Comedy Club, Johnny Rockets, The Oceanaire Seafood Room, Marlow's Tavern, and RA Sushi Bar Restaurant. And for shopping there's: Chico's, Armani Exchange, FLOW, RUMOR Boutique, Seaside Gifts, Bath & Body Works, Hollister, Victoria's Secret, SGH, Sunglass Hut, Tharoo & Co. The Jewelry Boutique, Tommy Hilfiger, Charming Charlie, Tommy Bahama's Store, Design by U, and Redi To Pedi. There's also a Regal Cinemas with IMAX.  Nice when you want to take a break from the tourist stuff or beat the heat.  For other entertainment, they have: B.B. King's Blues Club, Hard Knocks, Improv Comedy Club & Fat Fish Blue, Monkey Joe's, and WonderWorks (with the upside-down building).
Pointe Orlando is located on International Drive and I very much like the concept of an outdoor mall with many different restaurants and retail outfits. I wish there was something like it in Tampa. Oh wait, we did...it was called Channelside. Pointe Orlando has many restaurants and bars to choose from, plus retail stores, a comedy club, a huge cinemaplex, and a Dave and Buster's! Sounds like fun? Not on a rainy day! And, with my luck, it rained most of the day on Sunday. There some covered walkways, but not too many to shield yourself if there is a tumultuous downpour. There is a large parking garage attached to Pointe Orlando. Getting in is very easy, getting out is another story. You need to remember to bring your parking ticket with you in order to pay at one of the stations, this adds to confusion and LONG LINES leaving for those not accustomed to this process. We were lucky and had planned to see a movie and were able to validate our tickets at the theater but still had to deal with the mess leaving. Despite the parking cluster, I would definitely return to check out the many bars and restaurants. But, I would also plan accordingly and check the weather report!
Not where I'd choose to stop in Orlando, but I use to live there, so I'm more of a local, I suppose.  Pointe Orlando is on I-Drive, which is a very touristy part of Orlando.  Hence, you'll mostly find tourists here.  It is a great place for tourists though, especially those who are staying in the I-Drive area.   Parking here is an absolute pain in the a$$!  There's a parking garage (yes, you have to pay to park) and I think the person who designed it must have been on drugs because it's horrible to navigate and the parking spaces were lined for clown cars.  it can also be a pain to get out of the garage because it's not uncommon to get stuck in a huge line behind other cars waiting to get out...  and you're also waiting for idiots to try to figure out how to pay to get out of the garage because they don't know how to work the machine.  Yes, it's a machine you must pay, not a person in a booth.  So be prepared for that headache if you come here. It's a mall, so of course there are stores here for shopping.  Mostly though, you'll find a whole lot of restaurants.  My personal favourite being Johnny Rockets.  If you haven't been there, I highly recommend it.  They also have an IMAX theatre here, but it's not worth all the parking drama. I will say this for Pointe Orlando...  It is very nice and very well-maintained.  Even at night, I always feel perfectly safe here.  They have some beautiful decor and fountains. Unless there's a restaurant here I REALLY want to eat at, I steer clear of this place and leave it for the tourists.
A mixed bag but I wouldn't shop here. Instead you can eat at one of the fine restaurants or bars. Also a cinema complex here. Far better shopping options in Florida Mall etc
Usually my visits to Pointe Orlando are due to events or meeting up with friends in town for a convention. I enjoy the variety of restaurants.  Most of them have happy hour and a lovely patio to enjoy your afternoon libation. I like that there are entertainment options though I have to say I'm not a fan of the movie theater. There are better theaters in town, but if you're staying at a local hotel & want to catch a flick it'll do. While the restaurants are the biggest draw for me I do enjoy hitting a couple of stores while I'm down here. Apparently the biggest complaint is the parking lot. I've never had any issues, but I could see how folks could have potential problems with long lines exiting or trying to find a spot. There are a few new places opening soon including an ice bar and sushi restaurant. Pointe Orlando is a nice destination for a date night or to hang with friends. Check out their website to keep up to date with events happening at this outdoor entertainment complex.
This was the place to be when I was growing up and I drive was still hustling and bustling.  It's sad to see how empty it is now.  There are noticeably less crowds in all facets at Pointe.  I'm still happy that the Regal is around because I love watching movies there and it's so easy to get in and out of there!
I'm not sure why this mall isn't more successful.  It's ideally located across the street from the Orange County Convention Center, adjacent to a number of large hotels and within close proximity of Sea World, Disney and Universal right on I-Drive.  Even more, its anchored by a giant upside-down building that - if nothing else - is at least eye-catching. There are a couple of great restaurants clustered together including Capital Grille, Tommy Bahama and Cuba Libre with valet parking.  But what I noticed after my great meal wandering around the mall is the urban blight that seems more pervasive than stores.  There are more store sites boarded up than ones that are open.  Apart from a Johnny Rockets, a newsstand, a shockingly empty movie theater and a Sunglasses Hut, there was no window shopping to be had. If you're looking for a decent meal in the gastronomic desert that is Orlando, look to Pointe Orlando and some of its dining and bars as an option.  But if you're looking to stroll along a mall and shop for some stuff, look elsewhere.
I have visited many so called entertainment/restaurant/shopping areas and although the quality of the restaurant(Tommy Bahamas) was superb the entire night was ruined by the less than functional parking lot.  We were stuck in the parking lot for over an hour.  Everyone honking, getting out of their cars.  It was horrible.  You'd think you were leaving a SEC college football game parking lot.  Not the case!!  They refused to open the gates even with the entire lot being a traffic jam.  What a cluster.  I would seriously avoid going here on a weekend unless you like your dinner to be followed by an extremely frustrating parking lot debacle. Oh one more thing we ended up having to carry our stroller up 5 flights of stairs because the elevator was not working as well.
Came here on a Friday afternoon. Place was pretty dead, but I think thats beacuse the majority of the businesse are restaurants and bars. Variety of shops was ok, not great, but def nice to walk around outside and enjoy the beautiful weather.
This is an update to the gift card debacle of 2013! I contacted Management on the Monday following . They were very apologetic and on top of it trying to figure out why my gift card was declined. (It ended up being a faulty card)  Natalie K. personally went to Oceanaire and had our meal credited back to our credit card($119.00) and sent a $50 gift card for our troubles.  And yes that gift card works. I was pleased with how they handled things.  Exemplary customer service.
The place is starting to fall apart. We came with an elderly person and the garage elevators were not working. You could go up but not down. That is a blatant ADA violation. We struggled to finally help him out of the garage. We got in and the escalators were broken. Elevators were in a far corner that were meant for utility not people and was eerie going down. Many shops have closed down and it was dead on a weekend. Not a big fan of this place.
Businesses continue to leave, and the parking situation gets worse. On our last trip to see a movie, there was an awful jam to get out of the parking lot, caused by the pay parking scheme. It led to lots of reckless driving and road rage by frustrated people. I do not want to return. I like the IMAX theater but do not like the venue.
Cool little shopping area right by the Orlando Convention Center. We stop by on every business trip because either the show or an exhibitor is throwing a party at one of its many restaurants or bars. The last one was at Cuba Libre and it was awesome! They also have a movie theater which has come handy in the past when you have free time after your show and want to catch the latest flick. The shops located here are a bit on the pricey side but are great for window shopping during happy hour lol.
I like the concept of Pointe Orlando but unfortunately too many stores and restaurants have closed shop for it to get more than 2 stars. It seems the same fate is befalling many such shopping centers throughout Orlando. For instance, if you could combine Pointe Orlando with Festival Bay you would get a good shopping center since both are half empty. I like the open airiness of the Pointe and they have some good anchors which saves the place. Some restaurants like Capital Grille which I've heard are very good and on my "to-try" list. We ended up at Cuba Libre which was a really neat place with a great blueberry mojito. You'll also find BB King's, Hooter's and Adobe Gilas. Adobe's was the only one who had a crowd on a Friday night. It doesn't look good but I'm hoping that Pointe Orlando can hold on, it has great potential.
Point Orlando is located off I Drive, several blocks north from the Orlando Convention Center and where the 528-Beachline hits the southern most end of I-Drive. I'll swing down here to visit Capital Grille, Funky monkey and Tommy Bahama for lunches, dinners and brunch throughout the year. Generally, the parking and valet are quick and it's a nice place to hit good quality, familiar restaurants. Last night we had an out of town relative visiting and staying near the convention center who REALLY wanted to hit Cuba Libre for dinner. We had a less than stellar experience at Pointe Orlando last night, due to the overwhelming convention business booking entire restaurants and/or bars in this complex. Don't get me wrong, I am very happy for their business boom, especially on a Monday night! However, I'm not happy that NOWHERE online was there a notice "Booked for a private event" on the Pointe site or the individual restaurants. Likewise, no announcement on restaurant phone recordings. When various whole venues are booked, it would be wise for the complex management to think, "Hey, there is *no where* for diners to go after they've parked, since *every place* to eat is booked with private events!" Especially, when dealing with I-drive dinner hour traffic and valet parking. Just sayin',
First time we found this area close to Universal, we were super excited. It was quite packed. We saw quite a few nice restaurants, and we had to come back.  So we came back. There's a few select stores such as Victoria Secret, Tommy Bahama, Bath and Body Works, a place for kids to play, Brightham, and a few restaurants. We were even able to check out Funky Monday Wine Bar with a group on. There's also a movie theatre. We were sadly disappointed. We had just come from Orlando Premium Outlets and were overwhelmed with the crowd. Here, it was the direct opposite, dead as can be. We checked this off of our list. If you are around the area, the restaurants do seem very nice. Check those out, but I would suggest going in the evening. Hopefully, it will be more happening then.
Festive environment on I drive.  Definitely a place where tourists gather.  If you are arriving at a specific time it's imperative to arrive early to allow time for parking. Regal Cinemas, the very underwhelming BB Kings, Improv comedy club and a host of other shops and venues makes for a fun time.   I enjoy simply walking around the area on a clear night.  Good times!
Pointe Orlando is a very exciting outdoor shopping center with lots of mall staple stores, as well as unique restaurants and bars. But be careful, because there's a lot of tourists! The Good: Plenty to do:Pointe Orlando is one of those rare shopping centers where you can spend your whole day. There's plenty of interesting places to shop, cool themed restraunts, and the interesting WonderWorks museum-type attraction. Nightlife friendly: There's plenty of places to go after dark, including the deliciously unique BB King's. Great structure!: Although Pointe Orlando is all outside, there's plenty of shade, and it is a dual-level complex, so there's no long hikes involved. The Bad: Parking: If you want close parking, be prepared to shell out osme money for the garage. If you prefer free parking, then you'll have to park behind the mini golf, and walk the 1/4 mile back to the shopping center. And let me tell you, this sucks in the summer. Pointe Orlando is a nice place to spend a day shopping, eating and generally having fun. But beware, it is right next to the convention center and sea world, so you will definitely run into tourists, and if this bothers you then you should stay away. Otherwise, it's a great spot. Overall 8.9/10 Super Shopping!
I found myself in yet another entertainment development here in Orlando and I wasn't bored or disappointed with what Pointe Orlando had to offer.  To the developers, job well done for creating a place for tourists and residents to go enjoy a nice meal, some light shopping and possibly a movie. The atmosphere is like most things here, open, airy and tropical.  Music plays through outdoor speakers and benches line the red brick walkway to give visitors a welcoming feel.  There's also outdoor escalators and staircases to help you move about the area.  Kiosks also sit in the middle of the walkways which, in my opinion, take away from the classy appearance.  But overall, I'm a fan of what they have created visually. This list of restaurants is somewhat impressive since none of them are fast food places.  Just to name a few they are: Maggiano's, The Capital Grille, Adobe Gila's, Pizzeria Valdiano, Red Rock Grill, Hooters, Taverna Opa and Johnny Rockets.  Thus, if you were craving Italian, Mexican, Greek, American or Pizza all of your bases are covered.  BB King's Jazz Club also makes its home here for a little nighttime fun. If you venture there on a shopping mission, you'll find a nice mix of recognizable names like B. Dalton Books, Tommy Bahama and Victoria's Secret and unique names like Millennium and Artsy Abode. There is a great deal of parking the garage but you do have to pay.  It's a nominal amount and goes up by each hour you are parked there.  It's extremely close though which makes it nice in case you encounter an afternoon storm.
Pointe Orlando is a great place to hang out or bring a date, they do have a lot of high end restaurants but also moved the Orlando Improv here from Church Street. There is also a movie theater here with IMAX besides restaurants and a comedy club, this establishment has been remodeled and re organized with more business lately due to it being so empty before and tourist never stopping here. They have plenty of good places to eat here like Capital Grille and also shops if you are in the mood to  go shopping but over all I would take a date here or come to the Improv as that is why I was here recently but before that I have come here before many times to the movies and this place has definitely change for the better.
Pointe Orlando has yet to become a prime place to shop and dine.  It has had its share of tenants and at this point there are more dining options than shoppings.  With many store fronts closed, it does look like a ghost town most of the time. Parking just became a bit complicated with an annoying message loop announcing the payment options at the automated kiosk.  It is confusing and can see many issues with overseas patrons. The dining options are varied and truly quality restaurants ranging from The Capital Grille to Johnny Rockets.
Shopping malls are both my best friend and worst enemy. What girl doesn't love clothes, shopping and everything related? However, I get very frustrated very easily especially with the stores in this shopping area...to name a few, Abercrombie, Victoria Secret and Banana Republic. Aside from being relatively pricey at times, the sizes always get on my nerves. I do love the variety in shops though and looking at what each store has to offer. The reason I feel this place is my enemy at times...the parking and the tourists. I don't believe in paying for parking, at least not when going to a shopping mall. The good thing is, if you go to see a movie or eat at one of the restaurants you can get validated which means you don't have to pay. As for the tourists, the summer is the worst time of year. Nothing against visitors, but it's frustrating trying to move around and push through crowds. Plus, everything seems more expensive here than any place else in town...I blame the tourists for this. The structure itself is pretty cool and much more intriguing than the standard indoors shopping mall, especially since they've remodeled, updated and added newer shops and restaurants. Maggiano's is pretty tasty, although I'm not a fan of Italian and I hear that Capital Grille is quite amazing...I've yet to go there though. Overall, not bad, but not a place that I venture out to often.
Pointe Orlando is yet another one of those tourist friendly shopping/dining/nightlife areas to grace central Florida with it's presence.  The one thing that usually attracts me to this area is their mammoth IMAX theater.  This theater is worth a visit to Pointe Orlando alone.  It is a little bit more expensive than a regular movie, but the experience is definitely worth it.   There are also some decent stores in the area such as Banana Republic, Tommy Bahama, and Victoria Secret.  The list of dining areas is even more expansive.  It is extremely easy to spend an entire day/evening at Pointe Orlando, and I would definitely recommend checking out one of the better outdoor shopping areas in Orlando.
This outdoor mall is situated in a busy area on International Drive that attracts mostly tourists. There is a small selection of stores and a few restaurants to choose from. There is even a comedy club upstairs that is probably the best venue I've been to. All in all, for the small selection they have, it is very good. I will definitely return, if not for the stores, at least for the restaurants and comedy club.
Its a cool place to walk around. Nice shops, really great restaurants, comedy clubs, movie theatre and regular theatre to check out. They also have a parking garage that is attached, so you don't need to find a place to park (But its pay) Sort of like a nice outdoor mall. If you are a tourist and want to kill some evening hours, it's a nice look.
Do NOT valet park your car here unless you like waiting 45 mins for it to be brought back to you. We could have been home by now but nope, waiting on the sidewalk for our truck. Don't waste your money. Rip off.
I'm a CP.  Haven't gotten to get in, you have to PAY TO PARK!!! don't even try to park across the street either, excuse they will tow your car! That is crazy and aggravating.
Pointe Orlando is where the city keeps all the upscale chain restaurants because they know typical Orlando folk won't eat there much but tourists ready to blow lots of cash sure will.  It is a great place though.  It has a Capital Grille, so immediately it's okay in my book.  On top of that, the only IMAX theatre in Orlando can be found in their Regal Cinemas.  You can also see a lot of high end shops, high end Italian restaurants, and cool bars on the top like BB King's Blues and of course, your friendly neighborhood Hooters.  My favorite place to eat there by far is the Opa Taverna on the second floor.  It is a wickedly fun atmosphere with singing, dancing, napkin throwing, and top notch Greek food.  The cost of parking can be assuaged if you either A) get it validated at the theatre or B) leave VERY late so that the money collectors have already gone home for the night.
The real downfall of this place is the parking garage.  Parking really should be free.  I think you'd bring in a lot more traffic.  Not that the parking garage isn't busy enough.  I always get stuck in the darn thing and feel like I have to wait in a huge line every time to get out.  Not cool.  Luckily, some of the places will give you a voucher.  Just make sure to hit the pay station before you leave.  No more booths at the end with an attendant.
WORST PARKING GARAGE EVER!!! You circle around and around trying to find the way out because the exit signs either arent clearly marked or they dont exist at all. The signs send you in circles and dont tell tell you which way to go when you get to the end of the row. We went to Opa for dinner and were told they validated parking. I got to the parking exit and they only provided a $1 discount on the parking. The spaces are tiny and its almost impossible to park without being confident you will end up with door dings. I'd advise to use the valet, which is not free and no one validates, but at least you dont have the frustration of that garage!
I have only been here a couple times, never of course in Summer, or any time it may be rife with tourists. Today I ran there around 5:30 to go get some lotion at Bath and Body Works. I noticed something. WHERE are all the people? The place was dead...There should be Happy Hours going on....something!! Everywhere was empty. In fact, I never actually saw a non employee in my entire 35 minutes or so there. Weird. Beautiful Mall though, with lots of good stores, and restaurants...
Nice outdoor shopping featuring all the usual suspects..Victoria Secret, Banana Republic, Footlocker..ect. It also has several restaurants, bars and clubs attached. A huge IMAX theater sits right in the middle. Great place to eat, shop and party if you are staying near the Convention Center.
The very first time I visited Orlando, we arrived in town (via bus) to discover that our hotel was not yet ready for us to check in, so we made a detour to Pointe Orlando to kill some time.  I got some great shots of the giant Raggedy Ann doll in front of what used to be FAO Schwarz, but was a bit disappointed that the store itself was no longer open.  However, a few friends and I grabbed lunch at Johnny Rockets where I became acquainted with the dancing waiters and ketchup art that I love so very much.  Definitely recommended if you're in town and need somewhere to walk around, shop, and eat.
A great place to hang out with friends. Nice movie theater and great restaurants in the plaza.
I did not get the chance to visit any of the establishments when I visited but from what I've seen in the area. I'd say its worth checking out. Years ago, this place was a joke. Now they have a lot of restaurants and places to visit. Once I get a chance to visit a few places, I'll definitely add a follow up to this. Since they have renovated the area and added a few establishments, restaurants and rebuilt the theater, this place gets busy at night and has a lot to do. If you're in the area, definitely stop by and check it out. There are many places to visit and see at Pointe Orlando.
Conveniently located 10 minutes from the convention center, which made it easy to grab lunch/dinner after our conference. This area seems geared more toward adults (I didn't see too many families around). Lots of variety in food choices, diverse pick to choose from, although I think it can be a relatively expensive area to dine at, hence not a lot of families and more business people. We ate at Cuba De Libre which was very good and then walked around to explore the shops. Looked like most shops closed pretty early because we finished dinner around 8:30 and lots of shops were closed. There was one shop that sold "redneck wine glasses" which was a mason jar with a wine glass stem that I thought was funny.
There are a few standout restaurants here (Capital Grill, Tommy Bahama's, Maggianos) and the IMAX screen at their movie theater, but the rest is just lame.  I can remember a time when this place first opened, and they seemed to draw in some high end retailers, and had a really cool arcade.  Those days are gone, and it now seems to be a deserted wasteland.  Sure there are a few shops, but nothing you couldn't find anywhere else.   My main beef with the place aside from the above, circles around the parking garage.  What was once just an average parking garage, has now fallen to a place i truly loathe.  Gone are the attendants who process your validated parking stub when you leave, replaced by machines that seem to only be located in out of the way places.  You are directed to go to them to place your validated ticket into them, where it stamps that you paid.  Many would not know to do this, because signage is not obvious anywhere.  This leads to a huge bottleneck of cars trying to leave, and having to deal with this backwards pay system as they exit.  I've had my ticket get demagnetized, which leads to a whole lot of waiting.  To top it all off, they have so much of this garage blocked off for non-existent valet parking (like the entire 2nd floor it seems), that it truly make for one horrible experience.  I have honestly had to wait 10 minutes or more just to find a parking space, as so many cars move slowly hoping others will pull out, and it is too narrow to go around them.  To have to pay for it on top of that would just be insult to injury.  It seems that in their effort to streamline things, they have taken three steps backwards.
nice area
