Took my boyfriend here for his birthday and had an amazing time! The guides, Veronica and tony, were experienced and really funny. They made sure we felt safe and comfortable and definitely made the experience more exciting. We did the morning tour and can't wait to come back and try the night tour!!!! Recommend this to anyone looking for something different and adventurous in the Orlando area!
Great experience, just make sure you do not go the week it has been raining. I had so much fun on the Daytime Zipline Canopy Tour!! I really enjoyed myself. I toured with a small group; it was a couple, my boyfriend and myself.  My tour guides were great (Brandon and Nee).  The only bad experience I had was that we had to literally walk through the swamp during the whole tour. I believe it had rained the week before; however, I was not aware and not prepared to get all wet and muddy during my tour. I suggest touring on a bright and sunny day.  On the tour you will not be able to carry anything, so I believe it would be a great idea for the company to provide water for the guest at the end of the tour due to dehydration for all the walking, climbing, etc.
This place rocks my face off. First thing's first...their guides are amazing and hilarious, despite their cheesy jokes. We had the pleasure of Carl and Brooke's company during our zipping adventures and it was a blast! They made me feel comfortable zipping, they taught some tricks of the trade, and they kept us smiling. As for the course...There are 8 zips in total and 3 bridges - definitely bang for your buck! Additionally, the course is on some really gorgeous land, some of the prettiest I've seen in Florida.   I have been to a few other zipping spots in Orlando but this was by far my best zipping experience and one that I would most certainly go back to in the future (they have night zipping!). So, if you're looking to try something new or have a little fun, definitely check out Zip Orlando. I promise you'll have a good time. =)
Talk about building trust- Zip Orlando makes you feel strong! They treats you like friends and are very sincere. Will be bringing my family by soon to do this! Great team building event! more soon - Go!
My sister and I were in town for the weekend and decided to do something different. I have to say that this was really a lot of fun. It is located on a cattle ranch, so watch your step. You don't really have to worry about the cattle though because you are off of the ground for most of the time. Zipping is not the nerve racking part, its waiting to zip line. You are just standing 40+ feet in the air waiting your turn. They are big on safety and know what they are doing. All you have to do is listen to and follow directions and you have nothing to worry about. Make sure its a warm day when you go because when we went it was chilly and standing that high up with the wind coming at us was not a happy place. Minus the cold temps, I would do it again. The person who did most of the talking on the adventure and all of the bad joke telling was Andrew. He and Roscoe (yes, people are really named that) took good care of us and even showed a lot of concern for the woman who was trembling so hard no one thought she was going to make it to the end. She did. Oh, and the first bridge was probably my biggest challenge, aside from that, I enjoyed the wind on my belly...because my darn shirt kept coming up when I sat down to zip line. Ha!
We had purchased a Groupon promo to try it out, check it off the bucket list...sure glad we did! My husband & I had a blast! The guides, Laura & Brent, were fun and made everyone feel safe throughout the course. We had a lot of fun climbing, walking over the suspension bridges was a little hairy, (Laura caused little excitement!) and zipping over the tree tops was friken awesome! Definitely going back with family to try the night zipping...w/ a full moon! Weee weee weeee!  Pure...adrenaline!
My husband and i bought a travelzoo deal not knowing what to expect. Coming from California i phoned and emailed about 3 weeks in advance to make sure i got my reservations set. The address is just to their little office which i was kind of ehhhhh when i got there, but then we were sent to their real zipping site after the little orientation. The tour guides was ( Dave's Fiancee (?) and........ i forgot (A-A male)). They were really welcoming. They picked us up from about 50 feet from their "parking lot" in their little ATV which was cool. When i first arrived i felt a really good vibe. The other mates were also very enthusiastic the age group was similar so we clicked in quickly. We got our gears on and they offered bug spray which was helpful with the many horny bugs around. The instructors were great and funny with their corny jokes. they made us feel safe and taught us trips of how to glide faster and turn. It was an awesome experience. And i highly recommend them for first timers!
