I'm not even a fan of the movie Snow White and this is quite possibly the best dark ride I have ever been on.  I was absolutely blown away at the intricacy and detail put into this attraction.  On top of that, it is quite long (unlike other dark rides like Peter Pan)! I have heard this ride is going to be removed (or may have already been now?) during the Fantasyland expansion project and I am just SHOCKED that they would do this.  This ride is an instant classic, very high quality, and just plain awesome.  It's disappointing that they remove a ride as wonderful as this.
I've never been a big fan of Snow White which is possibly why I've never been a big fan of this attraction.  Parents be conscientiousness of the fact a large portion of this attraction is in the dark and could frighten small children.  If you're a fan of Snow White, I'd say definitely go for it because I'm sure you'll love it.  Otherwise, skip it and move on, especially if there's a line.   I will add this ride is going to be removed on May 31, 2012 because of the new Fantasyland expansion.  So ride it now or forever hold your peace.
This ride may be too scary for young children, especially those scared of the dark. The ride follows the Snow White storyline, but does have dark moments with glow in the dark features. These are fairly tame, but small children may be frightened. Older children and those who are a fan of Snow White will enjoy this ride.
Far more contiguous as a story than Disneyland's and cute.  There are at least three Hidden Mickey's in here: once in the transformation queen-to-witch scene, one in the potions room, and one right near a doorway in the arch rock formation.  Didn't see the last one, but it was before you see the Dwarfs going after the Witch. Kind of a shame that this attraction will be removed in the Fantasyland Expansion to make room for a Princess character visit.
It is a little silly but it is fun. It follows the movie exactly and unfornately it is getting torn down this year to make room for the new StoryBook Land based on the Dumbo Cirus theme. So if you have never ridden Snow White's Scary Adventures then this is your last chance. We had several WDW staff people tells us the same story. The art work is great and the figures look just like the movie. I say go now and don't miss your chance to ride it before it is gone.
Most people would rate this ride three or four stars. For me, it cannot possibly be anything less than 5! This ride holds one of my greatest childhood memories. I was about 5 years old, and was riding with my grandmother. I remember being terrified by the wicked witch,  clutching on to my grandmother for dear life, and screaming "oh my God! Who is going to save us?" for the next 20 years I heard this story and got teased about it! So, in the eyes of this 5-year old, the Haunted Mansion was funny, and Snow White's Adventures was terrifying! Great ride. Don't miss it. Just look out for that witch!
Snow White's Scary Adventures is a pretty quick run through of the first Disney animated feature.  You get all the main plot points of the film through a number of set ups with limited animatronics.   The whole thing takes about 2-3 minutes.  It's more of a live CliffsNotes version of the movie rather then a ride.
I went on this ride for the first time in high school.  We never made it to Disney as a kid. I am so glad I got to experience this ride before they got rid of it.  Yes it is scary for small kids I guess...but it was AWESOME!!!  I hope they bring it back somehow.  It was a great ride.   I am really bummed I can't ride it just one more time.  I can only imagine how those with nostalgic childhood memories feel about this ride being gone.
I'm so sad they got rid of this ride. I lived this ride when I went. There are building a mine ride for Snow White in the new Fantasyland, which I think it would be cool as well.
