As a local, I am very pleased to find this place!  Living near the 192/535 tourist area, it is difficult to find reputable, clean places that care if their customers come back.  Diamond Nails is excellent! The massage chairs are a dream, they do shellac and acrylic, their attention to detail and insuring their customers leave pleased - everything was wonderful. It was incredibly busy - a sign of a good place in my mind.  They were able to balance the amount of time spent with each customer with the never ending influx very well - I never felt rushed, and they never turned any one away. I will *definitely* go back.
I went to this salon as I wanted to get a full set done and a pedicure. The shop was very clean and it was beautiful. The chairs for the pedicure gave an amazing massage for you back. There were purse hooks so your purse doesn't have to sit on the floor. However the staff seemed to treat me as if I was just another customer. I was not greeted when I came in the door, it took about 10 minutes for someone to ask what I wanted. I'm not sure if it was just me but they seemed more engaged with their other customers as far as small talk and such, if it wasn't in regard to what I wanted no one said a word. I am from Maryland so I was in search of a nail salon that knew what I wanted & could do it correctly. My nails turned out beautiful, although my nail tech didn't really know what I meant by gel nails, so I don't know if the regular polish will last. I just wish they staff was more engaged with me as they were their other customers.
Great friendly service. Well worth the short wait. I got the hot stone pedicure and loves it. They took their time and were very thorough on the massages. Massage chairs are wonderful with just the right intensity all over.
Stopped in while on vacation thanks to a deal I found on Yelp ($5 off). Khan took care of my gel manicure/ pedicure. He is extremely attentive and precise in his work. I was amazed at how much care he took in making sure my nails were well-shaped. He also took time with the massages, which were very relaxing. Wonderful service, very well-maintained atmosphere, would definitely return. The massage chairs were also a major plus- much nicer than many I've been in when visiting other salons.
Clean, meticulous and reasonable. I've been to a ton of nail salons and Diamond definitely is up there with the best I have been to.  Tina does an incredible job and is very friendly. Prices are in line with other salons I've been to as well. I got the exfoliation pedicure and shellac manicure for $55. Considering this is a touristy area, I figured it would be much more.  Reason for four stars is because they don't offer you anythjng to drink.  I'm always pleasantly surprised when a nail salon does that.
Visited to get a manicure and pedicure, but when I got there and saw how clean the place was, the great selection of polishes and services and the prices were good in comparison to what I see in NJ I got a gel manicure, hot stone pedicure and my eyebrows done.  They did a great job in all areas.  I normally get threaded instead of waxing but took the chance and happy I did.  This is a week later and I am still happy with the services I received.
My wife finally found her nail place! She's been having some sub-par experiences since our move to Orlando but finally came across Diamond Nails. This place is literally a stone's throw away from our house tucked away inside a shopping center. The staff is friendly and fast! Walk ins are always welcome. They have a HUGE selection of gel polishes and their massage chairs are really high tech and amazing. They work as a team so someone may be starting your manicure while someone else is completing your pedicure. The prices are pretty on point with typical nail salons ($30 for a gel manicure, $25 for a regular pedicure). My wife has been in about three times now and everyone has done a wonderful job! Her mom recently went in and had her eyebrows done and loved that service as well! Great option if you're in the area and looking for a good place to get nails or waxing done!
This is a wonderful place. I've lived in Orlando for a year and a half and I've been searching hard for a good nail salon. I've tried so many but nobody has impressed me at all until now. I'm very picky about cuticles and the way they apply the polish. I'll notice if they miss even a hair of the nail. My nail tech was Tina and she did an amazing job she was very sweet and professional. She made me laugh and gave me a very long foot massage. I got the $30 pedicure and was very pleased with everything. The staff are super professional and all wear a uniform. The place is extremely clean and chic looking. I've made this my new go to nail salon. If you're looking for something close to Disney and celebration this is perfect! Ask for Tina
nice place, clean, friendly efficient and fast. Half the price of a mani pedi in our hotel spa!
This place was a great find! Lately I've been trying to get away from acrylics, & trying to grow out my real nails. ( SO hard, lol ) Tina was VERY helpful, and full of suggestions. She gave me a great mani, and made my nails look very natural, ( when in all actuality we had to put tips on to give 'em length! ) I'll definitely be returning here. ( Their pedicure chairs looked really comfy. )
Great nail spa, clean and new equipment, great colors to choose from, Young did a great job.  Relax and enjoy
Great and affordable place in the Disney world resorts area- 35$ for mani & pedi. Massage was great and long, felt like he spent ten minutes massaging my legs. They also offer wax services, which is great for a quick on the go under arms/brows wax. I would recommend it and would come again in the future while here on vacation.
Great affordable pedicure. High tech massage chairs. Nice friendly service. Definitely recommend.
I am used to being spoiled by my salon at home. It just wasn't as clean as I like. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The chairs were spectacular. Their #2 pedicure was a great value for the money. Perfect for a visit from out of town, but wouldn't make it my usual place.
Oh my feet feel so good...they are in heaven! This place is wonderful. They really take their time and make sure you feel properly pampered. Very nice, friendly and clean. When we are in this area we will make sure to come back.
This is a new-ish nail salon that opened up in one of the numerous strip malls along 1-92.  This particular shop is located to the right of the Charlie's Steakhouse and "Italian Restaurant".   Nice decor and very relaxing atmosphere that has 7 nail stations and 7 pedicure chairs.  In the back of the shop are private rooms for the massage and facial options. Had a very nice $25. dollar basic pedicure with Kim this afternoon.  She gives a great leg massage and a foot massage that had my eyeballs rolling around!  However the highlight of the time I spent there was sitting in the super high tech massage chairs.  This is THE BEST massage chair I've ever had the pleasure of sitting in.  These chairs have side panels that puffed up and massaged your sides, as well as the standard entire back massage action.  (Only thing I wasn't fond of was the weird bump that was mining for gold in my ass.  I'll have to figure out how to turn off that particular function the next time.  Is there some type of ass acupuncture I'm not aware of?) This was a real find for me today!  Some much needed peace and relaxation close to home....
Great place in Celebration to stop in for a mani pedi and avoid the ridiculous resort spa prices. Great service, perfect for walk-ins. Offer princess manis and pedis for little girls.
I chose this salon based on all the reviews here on yelp and boy it did not disappoint. I went in at 5 on a Saturday to get a full set. I was seen immediately and my nail tech did a fabulous job and I'm picky. She did it exactly how I asked and she even made sure the shape and length were to my standards. Definitely will be going back. My new salon for the Kissimmee/Orlando area.
Loved the service there, it very clean and they have private rooms for additional pampering services. I got my eyebrows, mani and pedicure.   Loved the gel scrub on my legs. The environment is tranquil and very accommodating. I'm glad that my husband found this place on yelp and surprised me during our honeymoon and took me to Diamond nails.  Very happy with my experience.  Will go again, when in Florida.
This place was close to I decided to try it out. I am so happy I came here, the employees are so nice and  engaging in conversation when wanted. The massage was the best one I have ever had and I've been getting my nails done for quite a long time. I don't normally write reviews, but I highly recommend coming here! Can't wait till I need to get my pedi again!
Stopped in for a gel manicure and an eye brow waxing while on vacation. This establishment is reasonably priced, the staff was nice, engaging and not pushy at all. They gave me exactly was I wanted. I didn't have to wait at all, and they were super clean. Looks like I found my Orlando nail place for when we come to see Mickey! No need to rush and get all my grooming done before vacation.
Im in town for business and needed a manicure and a fill. They did great work and I'm hard to please. I will definitely come back next time I am in town.
I did not have a very great experience here. I went to get a gel manicure. When they asked me what color I wanted I said "American manicure" which is normally not a problem. They had no clue what it was and I had to explain about three times. After all the trouble they still did the wrong thing and gave me french. I decided not to fight it anymore and settle with the French. It was like pulling teeth trying to get her to do the right thing so I was glad when she was done and my nails looked decent. Upon further inspection it is without a doubt one of the worst French manicures I've ever had. There is polish on my skin, parts of my skin are stuck to my nails, the tips are uneven and don't even go across the whole nail. It was such a frustrating experience that I don't even want to go back and ask them to fix it.
My friend and I both got gel nails and the service was terrible. They did not know what they were doing and were not very nice. Both of our technicians left us alone multiple times. Do not recommend.
Went here for a mani and pedi with no appointment. Only had to wait about 10 minutes. Got a fabulous leg and foot massage. Pure heaven. Very clean and friendly place. Total cost $35. What a deal. This is my new go to nail salon.
I'm not usually one to write reviews, but since I've started relying on them more and more as I travel, I decided to write this one. I was vacationing in the Kissimmee area and in need of a pedicure and eyebrow wax. This shop was just across the street from our hotel (Radisson) and next door to two great restaurants (Little Italy and Charley's) so I decided to check it out. The shop is very clean and nicely decorated and the staff were very friendly and professional. The prices were average and service was excellent! Their massage chairs were great! Would definitely visit again if in the area!
