Sheila was very professional. I showed her a pic and she did what I wanted. Loved my cut and color. Pick her for your stylist.
For starters I ended up here because I had a Groupon for a massage. I called to book and was asked if I prefer a male or female massage therapist. I said female... APPARENTLY she was disguised as an older black man because that's who my massage therapist was when I got there for my appointment. It is a big place that seems to do everything from hair and nails to tanning and facials. When I walked in the 'nail' smell was so potent it was actually nauseating. I went in for my massage. He was friendly enough but I was slightly uncomfortable. It was probably one of the worst massages I've ever had! I told him I had lower back problems and carried a lot of tension there and in my hips. He addressed it by barely massaging the area. He used a 'cold red led thing?' It did nothing! He talked A LOT so there wasn't much relaxation. He even included talking about church and god...I'm am NOT religious or a church goer and really have no interest in hearing someone else's religious views at the best of times. This was definitely not the time! Maybe they are better at nails...good luck!
Well its been a few months since I went here, and I'm still trying to get over the awful haircut that Didi V gave me. Every time I look in the mirror I get so mad at what the stylist did. I have to say this might be the worse haircut I have had since I was in the second grade, and had a George Washington hair cut. He not only cut my bangs to the top of my head, but he also cut my hair so short and put so many layers in it that I can't do anything with it. It's so embarrassing having to go out like this. My friend told me It looked like a child cut my bangs. After my cut, I went to the desk. I didn't yell or make a big scene, I just showed them my hair. They did offer to fix it, and only gave me $5 off. It should of been free! The only way my hair can be fixed is to let it grow out. I will NEVER go back to this salon.
Went in for eye brow threading ($12) and had a good experience. They have great customer service, from the receptionist to the eye brow artist, they were great girls. Unfortunately I wasn't super impressed with the outcome, my eyebrows didn't have the fresh look you get after threading. Lots of hair left behind. I wish I was more satisfied with the results because the employees are fantastic! :/
I'm not sure how the rest of their services stack up, but the tanning portion of their salon isn't cutting it. My journey with this salon started last summer after I moved to the Hunter's Creek area. I had picked up tanning during my last semester at UCF and wanted to continue after I moved out of the UCF area. AISHA is a few minutes away from my apartment, so it seemed like the perfect choice. The first visit went okay. The receptionist was nice and gave me a tour of the salon, even though I told her I was only interested in tanning. And that's when it kind of fell downhill for my duration of my "membership." Let's start with the tanning rooms. The beds are way out of date, poorly maintained, and my kitten can sneeze harder than the fans can blow. There's carpet in the rooms, which I personally think is gross when people are sweating, spilling lotion, etc. You can tell this aspect of the salon was a last minute idea to get some extra cash. I (stupidly) signed up for an "unlimited" membership for tanning. Here's why this is in quotes: I only paid for the first month and I wasn't asked for another payment until last month (that's about 6 months worth of tanning for free). It was great for me, but I'm a little concerned about how the business is running. Even their method of record keeping is prehistoric. They used sign off cards that are organized by first name in a box, and then have you sign your initials for each session. I'm assuming the only reason why I didn't pay for any additional months was a lack of communication between the other associates as well as to me (I was never told when the membership would end or asked to make any payments before a session). If I had known my membership ended earlier, I would have definitely found a new place sooner. One time, I went there probably 30 minutes before they closed (I was working late and tanning gives me a little pick me up after a long day, shoot me). While I was tanning (naked), I heard the door to the room open and thought it was my imagination. To my shock, the door was wide open! After quickly getting dressed and walking out, the lights were turned off, front doors were locked, and the receptionist was the only person left. I was done 5 minutes before the salon was suppose to close! The whole event just left a bad taste in my mouth. I can't really say much about the rest of the salon since I never used any of their other services, but if it compares to how they treat people that want to tan, then I definitely don't recommend going there. I saw that they got new owners/management/whatever, but unless they do a complete gut job of their tanning section, I suggest just avoiding it and go to a salon that is tanning only.
I would give 1 star for the very nice receptionist but the rest of my experience was awful. After reading the only review here, and my hairstylist wasn't available last Sunday, I wanted to trim my hair and regret it so much!!! I brought 2 pictures, to show exactly how I wanted my haircut, and it end up NOTHING like it. The back was suppose to have al least 6 inches of hair and I don't have 1 inch on my neck. I am so upset and is  going to take at least 1 year to grow it back.... I don't feel like going anywhere with this manly haircut. I was so upset and I even told the hairstylist "I look like a man", she laughed! I paid, tipped and left. I wrote an email the day after and the manager replied apologizing and offering a credit, But do they think I will EVER go back there! They need to REFUND my money!!!!!!!!!!
I came here and used a groupon for a 60 minute massage.  I had Stephanie and she was fantastic - I nearly fell asleep on the table! I'll be back.
I've been here a few times, twice for a cut and color and once for an eyebrow threading. My most recent hair stylist- Sheila- was awesome. (the first time was good too, but she has moved.) She listened to what I wanted for my hair and gave really helpful advice to get the perfect cut and color for my hair type. I told her about a wedding I'm in soon and that I'll have to style my own hair and she gave me some pointers. The staff is friendly and offers you water, coffee, or wine to drink. The decor and music is very 1980s, but don't let the small stuff deter you. While I was there, I saw many women come through and get their eyebrows threaded. While the process is painful- like any hair removal- they are careful to shape your eyebrows the way you request. Aisha salon is probably the best place you'll find in Hunter's Creek and I'm surprised they didn't have any previous reviews! Check them out!
