Excellent place to practice waterfalls photo.  3 tiers and lots of water flowing.  There is parking and it is a very short hike, less than 0.5mi one way.  The hill is a little steep and can be slippery when wet.  I do plan to come back here again at "low tide" because the locals told me you can cross the water and climb to at least the 2nd tier of the waterfall with no problem.  The day we went it was right after the storm so there was too much water.  I also plan to trek downstream.  There seems to be lots of rock formations downstream that look like another great photo opportunity when the water is low. I highly recommend this place. Once you park in the parking lot, you can already see the tip of the waterfall in the distance.  Just walk towards the no trespassing sign and walk pass it.  There is a trail, so don't worry about the sign. I do suspect that a lot of teenagers come here to drink and what not.  Just be careful. Where to park: maps.google.com/maps?q=4… Location of falls: maps.google.com/maps?q=4…
Also known as Mount Ida Falls.  Who expects to find an 85' waterfall and gorge in the middle of a City?  Troy is that fabulous; there IS a waterfall and gorge in the middle of the City.  If you take Spring Ave to Linden, there is a parking area facing the gorge.  Turn around and walk across the lawn and you will find the head of a path that safely takes you down to view the falls and gorge (or you can just brave walking down the steep grassy hill (the grassy area is a nice picnic area)).   Below this Mt Ida portion of the falls the Poestenkill creek takes another 75' dive before heading out to the Hudson River.   When there are leaves on the trees you can't get a great view of the falls and gorge from the trail, but the sound is awesome.  You can access the bottom of the gorge, but technically it is off limits and the City has posted "no trespassing" signs (it is steep and dangerous  wnyt.com/article/stories… ) and you can be ticketed.   Do us all a favor: carry in, carry out.  Please don't leave your litter. The Rensselaer County Historic Society does guided tours of the Mt. Ida Cemetery and Poestenkill from time to time.
Fun spot easy to get too and easy parking. It would be great if the city cleaned this gem up.
Gorgeous natural attraction right in the city of Troy, it's a shame the city doesn't up keep it a bit nicer.
