This is a review of the spa next to gates 1 to 9... Given this is in an airport, it is no a surprise that the spa is pricey given the convenience.  They have facials, mani, pedi, chair massage, recliner machine massage, and a full body massage. I did the full body 30.min $65 which is clearly posted on the menu. I am being truly honest to say that Hector gave me the best massage of my life. He was amazing. It was almost a deep tissue massage with no additional charges.   I would absolutely recommend it, but I suspect that Hector is the key to my rave review. Ask for him, and wait for him if you have to.  By God, camp out overnight if that is what it takes.
Xpress Spa Marcel Brun was one of the best massages I've ever had. I've had lots of massages and Marcel's deep pressure massage was one of the best I've ever had. He should be working in a 5 star spa but he is available at the Orlando Airport. If you are looking for a GREAT deep massage, ask for him. He says he can work at any of their Orlando Airport locations. Again, of the many many massages I've had, he is one of the BEST EVER.
My chair massage was the perfect way to unwind from a work trip. I got to the airport with plenty of time to spare so I headed over to express spa. There was a bit of a wait but since I wasn't in a rush I settled into one of their leather massage chairs. Wow, those chairs are amazing, I NEED one! I have sat in many before and perhaps my judgement was clouded by my stiff back and exhaustion but this one just seemed just a little better than all of the rest. After 15 minutes in the chair my masseuse was somehow able to to convince me to leave my little slice of paradise for the real massage. I had a chair massage and he was very good, the perfect amount of pressure and no talking. Although there was the typical airport din in the background I was able to completely escape and forget where I was, it was a great experience. The prices are higher than a typical spa but they are clearly stated so you know what you are getting yourself into.
When you have a long time to waste at an airport, it's irritating to me to just sit around.  I walked around a lot and decided to get a pedicure.  First of all, the pedicure starts with a long body massaging chair before they even touch your feet.  I loved it!  It was better than any of the spa massage chairs back home that I go to.  This was a better massage chair that also massaged my neck, head and calves.   I feel so guilty for forgetting the girls name that did my pedicure.  She was a lovely girl from Haiti.  We had a great conversation and I had her pick my color (which she picked a great dark fuchsia). Will be coming here next time I'm at this airport for a long time.  Fantastic experience!!
Whoever thought to put an express service salon inside an airport was/is a genius. Let me preference my review by reminding you that THIS SALON IS IN THE AIRPORT, and everything in the airport is more expensive than normal. Now that I've set the expectation.... I had about an hour to kill before my flight and was, unfortunately, hung over like a motha, so drinking was out of the question. I was in desperate need of a pedicure, and thankfully the Xpress Spa was right near departure gate, so of course I stopped by. There was one lady finishing up her pedicure, and then it was my turn. I didn't get the name of the woman who did my polish, but she was so nice and did a good job. I saw some negative reviews from previous patrons who had a negative experience, but I was more than happy with the final result. My toes were also happy :-) I didn't do any other treatments, but if I had more than an hour I would've tried a massage. The bill is a bit pricey- $45 for the Xpress Pedicure- but considering my other choices for airport entertainment, I'll gladly take a pedicure any day.
This place was pretty pricey. $65 for a 30 minute full body massage. The chick who did mine was using WAY to much pressure, like hurting me! But she softened up for a little bit when I asked but then I think she forgot. I was trying not complain. She started out the massage talking, then I was interested in what she was talking about so I did engage. Bad idea. The 30 minutes was up and I had zero minutes of silence in there. The best part about this place is that because it's first-come, first-served, they do let you wait in one of the massage chairs. I got to sit there in peace for 25 minutes before my massage so all in all, this was a great way to kill the 1.5 hours before our flight. A quick bite to eat after, and I was on my merry way to boarding! Would I use this service again? As much as I hate to say no, I just can't rule it out.
If I could give you no stars I would! During my third legged flight to Colombia, I stopped in for a neck and arm rub. The newly minted masseuse was fresh out of school. Although, everyone was pleasant. The actually massage was a nightmare. In 10 minutes flat, he applied enough pressure that black and blue marks appeared the next day. The bruising and soreness lasted for 3 days, not a great start to a vacation.  Obviously the staff is inexperienced at the Xpres Spas. They had a great business idea but failed to follow through on decent staff. Massage training requirements vary state to state and there is no spa manager ensuring quality. I would rather wait until I get to my destination or home for a proper masseuse.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! THIS PLACE WAS SUCH A RIPOFF. My manicure was $36, and all they did was soak my hands, "file" my nails (which are still uneven, fyi), and slop lotion on my hands. The polish is uneven and I don't know who in the right state of mind would even consider this to be a manicure. Did this woman even have her cosmotology liscense? Not too sure. Honestly, my dog could have given me a more relaxing, soothing manicure.
15 min refresher was just what the doctor ordered! Clean, Friendly and Therapist was skilled! Bit on the pricey side...15min@35 bucks
Can an airport spa get any better than this? I couldn't have been happier to spot this spa after a long, sleep deprived week working convention hours.   I waited just a few minutes (in a massage chair no less) before my masseuse (sorry I didn't catch her name.....) worked her 15 minutes of magic!  The massage was pricey but worth every penny. I left refreshed and ready to face a plane full of screaming children :) I will definitely return when I'm in town again.
There's really only one thing I expect when I get a manicure at places like this one: that it look better than what I would do myself. Oh, how this one failed. The filing was uneven, there was polish ALL OVER MY FINGERS (even after she "cleaned it up"), and she just slapped on the bottom and top coats with complete disregard for full coverage. She even smudged my nails a couple of times and had to do mini touch ups in the middle of the manicure. And then there's the price. DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU DO GEL POLISH. They charge $20 for gel removal (on top of the $35 standard manicure fee). Seriously--they sit you alone with your fingers in acetone and charge you $20 for it. Ridiculous. And the worst is that I didn't realize this until AFTER the process had been started. So why not one star? Krystal was absolutely lovely to talk with, and the massage chairs are pretty killer.
Meh is a good word. Got a 30 min foot massage and soak before my flight since I had a bunch of time to kill (Holiday travel sux). Everyone was very nice and they clearly explained their First Come, First Served policy. They do not take down your name - you must wait for a technician to be available. Pros- great massage chairs while you wait or get a foot massage. Reasonable prices considering you're trapped in an airport. Friendly staff. They have a surprisingly good and cheap selection of spa stuff for the plane like pillows, blankets, etc. Cons - my therapist clearly had no idea what she was doing. I've received better foot rubs from my unwilling, untrained spouse. She basically moved her hands around in the general area of my feet and legs for 30 minutes with minimal pressure and clearly no real plan. And just so you know, almost all treatments other than facials are conducted in full view of the terminal, so don't go expecting privacy or a ton of relaxation.
With time to kill I splurged for the hand/head and shoulder destressor.  Now at $50 for 30 mins I was expecting something really good.  My masseuse had good hands and pressure was good, clearly had a knack BUT lying down in the pedi chair was not really ideal and hampered the shoulders part a bit.  I did manage to get a nice eye pad to shut out the light.  Not much head massage went on, I get more from my haircut lady.  All in all not very good VFM but nice people.
Esthetician Krystal turned a delayed flight into a delight. I hoped to reverse sun damage this Florida visit and prevent dehydration on the flight home with a moisturizing seaweed facial. The treatment room was incredibly relaxing and astonishingly quiet contrasted with the incessant noise of security announcements and boarding calls outside. Though the cost was double what I'd pay outside an airport terminal, it beat the heck out of wasting a couple of hours (on a Friday night, no less) sitting in uncomfortable chairs at the gate. During my treatment I learned her decade of experience -- almost half of it in the airport -- has even earned her repeat customers (for her decorative pedicures). With a complexion that now shines like marble, I can see why.
I was excited to find a spa in the airport.  'What a perfect way to use my layover time' I thought.  Turned out to be a HUGE waste of time and money.  I had a grown-out gel manicure soak removal and a regular manicure.  The manicure was such a sloppy mess, my 5-year-old NEPHEW could do better.  The color didn't get even close to the cuticles and the coverage was uneven.  The file work was uneven and left some of my nails jagged.  My cuticles were worse than when I came in.  As soon as I got home from my [luckily] short trip, I took off the polish, only to discover that there were spots of gel left on my nails.  $60 got me basically nothing. Spend your layover reading!  It will be a better use or your time and money!
I had a 4 hour layover, so like many other reviewers - I thought this would be a great way to kill some time and destress from travel. I opted for a mani/pedi. The manicurist convinced me to upgrade to deluxe pedi, as it included an "extended" foot scrub, and some sort of masque. After she went over to her coworker to congratulate herself on upcharging me - she got to work ont he worst mani/pedi I have ever had. She barely even grazed my cuticles, the extended foot scrub was probably 30 seconds, and the polish job looked like a 4 year old. I gave up on the expereince being relaxing when the manager started coming over trying to review the schedule with my manicurist. Some people give the excuse - what do you expect, its an airport spa? I expect some standard of quality because they do command airport prices.
