This is the place to go if you are visiting town and want a really great deep tissue massage. Kristin is amazing. She is a very skilled therapist with excellent technique and strength. Both my partner and I had great massages with her that kept is going through our highly active version of a vacation. If you really need a real good deep massage and don't want to be disappointed by someone who says they really do deep tissue but then they don't, here it is... The sure thing. The spa facilities were pretty nice. Whirlpool and steam room with showers and all of the toiletries and amenities you would expect. The staff was highly professional and did everything they could to make our spa visits relaxing and amazing from the front desk to spa attendants therapists and estheticians. They make you feel like royalty like you would expect at the Waldorf. I had a great custom facial here too with plenty of extractions because I like to make it count. The esthetician had useful and helpful suggestions as well.
Loved my Swedish massage.  I didn't want to get up from the table.  It was worth every penny.  I recommend to get here early before your services at least 30-45 minutes prior so you can enjoy the whirpool, steam room, and sauna.  Arrive 10 minutes to tea room to relax and await your therapist to greet you.
I would have given this beautiful SPA 5 stars if they had an attendant in the men's locker area!  When I came back from my massage to shower, there were no more towels!  And the place looked a mess -- towels and robes everywhere.   While the Spa itself is beautiful (and new looking), they aren't keeping the men's locker and wet area up-to-par.   Another thing I noticed was the lounge where you waited for your appointment,  It was unkept and most of the sitting areas had used glasses, etc.
It seems like all of the previous Yelpers have only reviewed "spa services" for the Waldorf Astoria Spa not including hair cut. The space itself is small but elegant and staff is very friendly and polite but my haircut did not meet my expectations. I came in the day after Christmas at 8AM and Angela cut my hair. She had apologized in advance for having allergies which I understand one cannot help but I felt like throughout the appointment, I was getting coughed/sneezed on. The hair cut started off with a shampoo which was more of a face wash. Water was splashing all over my face but I thought perhaps Angela would be fabulous on the cut.   I told her I wanted to trim the split ends from the hair so it would feel healthy again. Simple enough. Angela showed me that she'd cut approximately an inch off. Fine, do whatever you have to do. Cough, sneeze, drop 2 combs, yank hair until hair rips from comb instead of slowly combing out knots to untangle later...I was horrified. I had also asked if she had any shampoo and conditioner recommendations for me and she said what works on her hair may not work on mine. Very vague answers for something I thought she would be knowledgeable on. Lastly, after blow drying my hair, she went back in with feathering scissors (without asking) and starting cutting away. She tried to fit large chunks of hair in between the scissors that it was getting stuck and she still continuously was chomping away. I felt like my hair was getting a beating. I do not like when hair stylists use the feathering scissors because it causes my hair to become so dry. I am very disappointed with the services I received at the Waldorf Astoria Spa. I would not be able to recommend the Spa to anyone. At least for hair cuts.
What a wonderful, wonderful place to relax and ahhhhh... A true, upscale spa without snooty staff. Everyone was very friendly and polite. The two people I spoke with while booking a couple different packages and services were more than accommodating, helpful, and patient. After checking in, I was taken on a quick tour of the spa and given an overview of the locker area, wet room, and waiting area - all which were lovely and calmed you right away. I only waited a few minutes before my therapist, Tania, came in for me. I decided on the Body Polish for my first visit, and I was not disappointed! It was like a private water park with no kids peeing in the pool! ;) The polish starts with a lovely Vichy shower raining down on you while the therapist scrubs your body down. Yes, this is done without clothing, but they do place towels on you for modesty. After being exfoliated, you are taken to another room to have a moisturizing serum rubbed into your skin so you will be nice and soft. What a lovely feeling... Thank you, Tania! After your treatments, you are free to use the waiting area, wet room, and showers until 8p. You can come and go if you are staying on property. You also have access to the pool for the day. I highly recommend trying this spa out. Yes, it's a resort spa so it's more expensive, but I think it is worth it to spoil yourself once in a while. Check out their packages and specials too. The Mother's Day/May 2011 one is an excellent deal! I definitely will be back!
This is a pretty basic "spa." The locker facilities are available via a day pass ($20) or with the hotel resort fee ($25). They are nice, but not amazing. I've been in better hotel spa locker rooms. There is a hot tub, but there is also one at the pool. There is a steam room which is nice, rather large. There are four chaise lounge chairs in the room with the hot tub and several showers. The showers are stocked with shampoo, conditioner and soap. They are large enough to enter the shower but still allow for your robe and other items to remain dry. There is lotion available in each shower in the dry area. There are only two sinks. They are stocked with mouthwash, more lotion, toothbrushes, combs, razors, spray deodorant, etc... The lockers are dark wood, have individual keys and are half size. All in all a peaceful area, but the best part probably is the shower. Very nice and attentive locker room host however who kept asking me if I was getting on well. Also free cucumber water here.
My wife has had several wonderful experiences here! And we will keep coming back!
As a seasoned traveler I have to say I've had some amazing spa services at some great resorts and the Waldorf in Orlando is no exception.. I only went mani-pedi, but both we're AMAZING! .. As an discerning queen I give out an all caps 'amazing', rarely. Angela gave me one of the best mani-pedis I've ever had - a must do if you're staying there.. And if you've had a long day roaming through the parks :)
I'm staying at the Hilton next door for a company conference, but the rooms weren't ready yet so they sent me over to Waldorf next door to take a shower at the spa.  The staff at the spa are SUPER nice and amazing.  I really needed to clean up after a red-eye flight and early morning workout.  Thanks! =)
Had one of the best massages yesterday. The perfect ending to our family vacation after a week of  strolling all 4 Disney parks. Ask for Theresa...she's awesome.
Very pleasant spa experience.
Again, The Waldorf knows Spa
Awesome facilities, awesome people. They go above and beyond to ensure your experience is memorable. It was a great experience. Kudos to Eric and the rest of the staff!
Not bad spa but really small. The staff were wonderful though and I and my wife had pretty nice massages.
