I used to go to a lot of shows here but the lineups don't seem to be of the same quality lately. It's a small and intimate place, though. Alas, it's all the way down at the Miracle Mile so it's not that convenient of a location.
Lots to admire! I can be a cheapskate, I admit it, but even I have to say that $144 for Lang Lang was a bargain. Really. He was terrific, but what surprised me was the orchestra. It was superb. (And I'm picky. Often at the Kennedy center, but rarely wowed by the NSO.) OK, it's not the Disney Hall in LA, but the acoustics are excellent. And the education center offerings are wide-ranging and often intriguing -- the lecture I attended recently was outstanding. Thank you, all you generous donors!
Today was the Phil's third annual fundraiser, 10k Run for the Music (& 1 Mile Walk). The announcer said there were 900 registrants.  I don't claim to be a crowd expert, but the looks of the depth of the start line made me think that a lot of people slept in.   The event's professionally done with various contractors for electronicly timed, course set up.  Plenty of senior lady volunteers manned the swag tables, as well as the obligatory tables with pre-race fruit, bagels & water.  The sponsor, Carrabba's, filled the morning air with  food smoke as they readied for the finishers.   Several lady walkers wore bunny ears, but that was as rowdy as it got.  One man wore a tux front, tie, and jacket with his running shorts & shoes.  The  sign on his back, said "Move it.  I'm late for rehearsal."   There was music along the route.  It seemed that most of the Phil's musicians were somewhere else, also sleeping perhaps.  Many high school Orchestra kids were pressed into service. It was a great idea to provide a sound track for this event.  A snare drum accompanied the start.  A quartet provided the national anthem.  A jazz duo was posted at a weird spot where people had to break through a hedge between the Phil's entrance and the start line.  A couple of kids with French horns, and anotherkid with a flute walked by.   You get the gist.  Musicians and their supporters, all in running shoes.  The quartet moved from the dais near the flag to the finishing line, where at about the half hour mark after the start, they brought everyone in with a half-hearted "Rocky."
Went to my cousins wedding Sunday. Its an absolutely beautiful place. Wonderful art and awesome architecture. The grounds were well taken care of.
I've attended multiple benefits and performances at the Phil, and I always have a lovely time. The overall management of any productions are handled professionally, and given a five star. However, the website needs updating, the entire venue needs a modern rehab, and the dress code needs a major overhaul. Also, modern performances, artists, & events should be held to appeal to a younger demographic.
It is all you expect from Naples. Beautiful, classy, attracts talented musicians and acts, as well as wealthy senior citizens as patrons. No bad seat here. Intimate enough to purchase a cheap ticket and be content. There is a museum, beautiful decor throughout. Ushers that will not let you get away with anything. They watch you like hawks. Valet for $10 fee but not necessary. Free Parking at their private lot, you can also go ahead and park free across the street at the banks that close early. After your show, god down the street to Waterside shops for a bite. If you can find a place open! Most shows end by 10pm.
Genre for rating: Concert hall/theatre As far as the two major options for this type of venue in SWFL is concerned, the Phil is by far the classier of the two options (BB Mann being the other). However, what the BB Mann lacks in style, it makes up for in performances.  The Phil attracts more symphony, classical arts, readings, etc, whereas the BB Mann always seems to get the more entertaining performances (Seinfeld, Broadway series theatre, etc). However, for pure quality of the venue, it does not get much better than the Phil for such a small area like Naples.
We attended a Russian ballet performance at this venue. The venue is terrible and people get dressed up to be in this cheesy place, not sophisticated at all. Concrete walls, plain, bare, terrible seating layout and poor sight lines. We set at box seats #10 last two rows, these are more toward the front. Can see only 30% of the stage, the rest is blocked by other box seats. A number of seats just don't get the sight lines to see the stage. Space planning is a rectangle, barely staggered seating and not angled enough. I cannot imagine a musical performance here, some speakers were broken and terrible sound, zero acoustics.
Great museum. Wonderful art, I wasn't expecting such nice collections. Among the permanent exhibit they have great Mexican artists. Rivera, Siqueiros and Orozco to name a few. They also have a very important collection of leaders of American modernism, paintings and furniture. Kids were very impressed with their Miniature collection and with Stephen Knapp light paintings.
A jewel of a museum!
Very generic hall. No decorations, nothing makes this theater stand out at all. The acoustics are very odd and the backstage area is very impractical.
This is an update.Yesterday,I visited this art museum,now called the Baker Art Museum.Parking is still free at this state of the art institution.I saw the fine temporary "Rediscovering Egypt "Art Exhibit featuring painters like;Charles Frere("Along Nile-Giza"),Hermann Corrodi("Ambush Near Giza"),,Edwin Long(("Love's Labor")and Rudolf Ernst("Letter") who depicted life in 19th Century Egypt and Egypt's ancient ruins.These painters were called,"Orientalists".At this exhibit,there were also splendid watercolor paintings by David Roberts.I also appreciated the temporary "Marcel Duchamp and the Duchamp Family of Artists"Exhibit,especially relishing Marcel Duchamp's painting,"Chess Game",Raymond Duchamp-Villon's sculpting,"Maggy",and Tabu painter,Jean Crotti's"Couple Au Long Cou"..I saw some fine creations by Dale Chihuly again("Red Chandelier")and some nice prints from their permanent collection by Alex Katz,Ben Shahn,Paul Klee,and Romero Britto("Beyeler For Love of Art"),among others.Their excellent permanent collection of Modern Mexican Art,including fine paintings by David Alfaro Siquieros,Rufino Tamayo,and Roberto Montenegro was not on display.Neither were most of their terrific glass creations by Harvey Littleton,David Bennett,and Lino Tagliapietra,among others.
The Naples Philharmonic is a beautiful venue to see a variety of artists, which we certainly enjoy on a regular basis.  While I am in agreement that it needs modern artists and performances ~ I question whether the regular patrons are ready for it.   During the 2012 winter season , we attended a Huey Lewis & The News concert, as well as a Kansas concert soon thereafter.  We are not rowdy people, but there is no way anyone should go to see Huey Lewis & The News concert and sit with their hands folded like good little boys and girls.  This is precisely what the majority of the...shall we say...well-seasoned crowd did.   At one point, Huey Lewis looked at his watch and asked, "Is it 10 o'clock yet?"    We were some of the few who laughed. We have attended at least six Huey Lewis concerts throughout the country where everyone is on their feet having a great time!   Much of this crowd seemed indignant that some were having fun.   (There was no outrageous behavior that we witnessed; actually it was the tamest H.L. & News concert I've ever attended!)   Within the following week, during a chat with a local man, I mentioned that this was the first time I've attended a show where patrons seemed to resent others enjoying it.   He rolled his eyes and said, "Oh, you went to the Phil!"  As he explained, folks will purchase season tickets for their winter in Naples, then attend everything whether they know what it is or not.  In fact, this is not a critique of the venue, as much as a warning to not expect your usual concert crowd. The people who book the shows deserve much credit for attempting to inject some fresh performances; presumably to attract crowds of all ages.  Please continue!  There are only so many songs of Broadway or Cole Porter shows that one can attend in one lifetime.  Keep booking the young singers, jazz troupes, flamenco guitar, pop music (even if it is from the '80's and '90's!) as well as the beautiful classical and opera.   It is so important to continue a rich and varied schedule.
