Excellent local bar. I can watch my Yankee games.  New menu coming out soon, looking forward to that.
great p.lace to go!  great bar food and the pizza seems to be the thing to get.  i had a ceasar salad, wings, chips...great bar food, drinks, and service.  entertainment on certain nights with live bands....will go back!
If you looking for GREAT food and Music in a sports bar format this is your place! Excellent food beyond the quality of the regular sports bar menu. Multiple screens for sports and excellent service. Kids welcome and let the music roll from acoustic to rock to reggae..... nightly!
The food is really good! Best Cheesecake around town. Only downside is the service at the bar is horrible, bartenders think they are something really special & have a tendency to ignore customers. I would suggest getting a Philly Cheesesteak!!
This place is alright.. good selection of beer on tap... goos music and decent food.. typical sports bar. . Ordered the 1/2 off cheese pie Wednesday night... it was mediocre. . The cheese wedges are very good.. a bit pricey if you veer away from the specials
It's bar food.....don't overthink it.  Had the empanadas which were not too good. The Caesar salad was pretty good and the service was great. I suspect on a weekend night with a live band and some drinks this place goes up to 4 stars.
On vacation, looking for a couple afternoon brews, hopefully something I can't find in DC. South Street delivered with pleasant, prompt service and some fresh Cigar City Jai Alai and a little Guano Loco from Terrapin. Next time I'll try the food, but very well done on the beer front.
Amazing food!!! Especially there pizza. The atmosphere is the best. They always have bands and open mic night. They also have great deals, specials, and happy hours. There beer selections always change which is nice. I wish the beer was a little colder though.
My two stars here are strictly for the beer list and that they have the sports packages and TV's to watch all the game on. The happy hour prices are really the only worth while bargains here. And with every special there seems to be stipulations. such as $4 pints, UNDER 7% alc/v. Sorry for liking stronger beer and not getting a deal on it. Food is extremely bland....there wasn't anything we all ate here that was memorable. Started with the spinach and artichoke wontons....watery inside, not flavorful. ALso had a soft pretzel that could have passed for a frozen super pretzel, with beer cheese that was runny. Apparently these Philly owners have not been to Wisconsin or seen Merkts cheese before. I had the Stromboli and my buddy had the philly cheese-steak roll, just like a big calzone. We each went halves so we could try both and I gotta say the only thing that tasted decent was the cheesesteak. The stromboli was bland and it contained 2 diff meats and 3 diff veggies. My sisters had chicken wraps and they were mediocre at best. Your best bet is to come in for happy hour times to watch your favorite sporting events...Excellent beer menu with 10 rotating beers on taps and about 25 permanent beers on tap. Great job on that, South Street. Loved the Magic Hat # 9 and Dale's Pale Ale in particular.
For the love of all things made of beer... The work ethic and/or training of the BARTENDERS is atrocious. They run on tips, right? Not this staff--they are burnt, crispy and completely oblivious. There are over 2 million people unemployed right now who would likely appreciate their job at South Street. Maybe the managers should staff people who would actually like to work or provide incentives the staff cares about.
South street.. In North Naples. Been here only 4 times. at various times during day night and week.  The service is very attentive.  They are well known for the pizza and wings. The beer selection is pretty good 30 choices mostly craft and a few domestics macro brews.  The bartenders will pull a taste if you would like to try or get a sampler of 4. The music is pretty good and they also have plenty of live musicians and singers coming in almost every day of the week. While watching the games sitting at the bar is a little awkward from where i sat looking up was difficult but sitting at a booth or a table is good on the neck. I do like the larger screens. Some times quality beats quantity, especially at this location.  Depending on time and day the crowd changes old to young.  Especially with the late night happy hour. Food 4 Pizza n wings  great menu. Ambiance 4 bricks walls graffiti art great looking granite bar. Very clean. Service 5 staff seemed happy and helpful. Location 3 also close to Pelican Larry's Value 4
Great beers on draft. Good Philly with whiz cheez. Awesome live stuff including this huge tall ginger redneck from the glades. Harmonica --- stand up bass. Awesome. Servers are not nice ----- jeez. Have fun. Great beer. Great entertainment. Why be such a pain. ? Be nice. Servers
As far as Naples, the wasteland of wannabe fine dining, is concerned, this is really one of the better places for non-botoxed people to dine and get craft beer and a decent meal. Decent is pretty much how to sum this place up....the Philly theme is somewhat weird given that Naples seems to have more New Englanders than people from PA, but whatever. Aside from some random sports signs and cheesesteaks on the menu, it would be easy to miss the connection.  The food is bar food and pizzas...sticking to the more basic stuff seems like the way to go. They execute that stuff well and it's enjoyable. Beer...well they have lots of craft options, including a cask selection.  However they also have the fizzy yellow macro stuff and you see a good percentage of people drinking Bud Light and such. Point being that they seem half committed, both in food and beer, to how they present themselves. Would love to see them step it up a notch. Service...I've read a bunch of comments about unfriendly servers...have not experienced this myself. Staff was attentive and nice. Decor is not what you'd expect from a place situated at the corner of a strip mall. Much better on the inside.  The live music was a plus. Definitely will go back..five stars for Naples, but three everywhere else.
Just average late night bar food. Not bad not great. It is great they showcase local bands/musicians but it can get too loud where you can't hear your dining mates, so we opted for the patio so we could enjoy the live music but still hold a conversation. Joanna was a great waitress.
Live music but also incredibly loud but that is the only con to live music in general. If you are going to chat with people you can still hear the live music from the patio and converse. Service was great. It is open late since I get off of work around 11 it made a nice choice for dinner not from a drive-thru. Cheese steak was fantastic.
UPDATE: the cheese-steaks RULE, the cheese-steaks RULE!!   ( I never had an original Philly, tho, I just like what I like!) 2 scenarios :  #1, having a great time at South Street, realize you're hammered-- Cheese-steak!! #2, have a hang-over & need to get on w/ your day-- Cheese-steak!! Love those things! Get it w/ the Cheese-wiz (I know!! GROSS, but it's so damn good on this thing!!) $7 Large cheese pizzas on Tuesday (I believe that's the day) That's a no-brainer, awesome (get it well-done, they still under-cook their pizzas!) ... pretty cool deals & happy hours & some new staff that's friendlier, so is the staff that's been rude before, a funner (funner a word?) crew & time goes down here now & I dig it. New pool table room, w/ darts & games... like it much more than I did when I originally posted my first review. Great job to the crew for making this place better all around!
GO EAGLES. E.A.G.L.E.S. Eagles! If you are from the Philly area and are looking for an Eagle friendly environment, this is it! So much fun to sit down next to someone from Warrington, South Philly, Wayne, Doylestown (where we are from)  and etc. The food is good, the beers are cold and the staff remembers your name!  Be sure to try the Marinara Sauce, it's a family recipe. Great Pizzas and great Hoagie (Market  Street sandwich) what ever.....also a great place to watch the PHILLIES if you are so inclined.
I didn't eat anything, just enjoyed some excellent beer and music. The wait staff was friendly, beer reasonably priced and the solo musician was good. I started with a flight of four 5oz wheats, $7. Then ordered my favorite of the four. The people at the bar were nice. As the night got later, the crowd got younger.
Great food and great menu. Very varied with plenty of different choices. Personal favorite: Cheesesteak with Cheese Wiz, mmm, good! Tons of drink choices with a great selection of beers; pale ales, good stouts, wheats, etc, they got them all. My favorite? Lost Coast Tangerine (Wheat). Great atmosphere with live music nearly every night, good specials, and open late until 2am. Huge U-shape bar with plenty of chairs.
This place is a locals place which makes it just what I look for. We had the hummus and pita chips, just the right amount of both and very tasty. Also ordered the Margarita pizza w/ some spinach for the veg content. fairly good but lacked some flavor. To be fair it could have been because of "winter tomatoes." They have a vast array of beers I had the Red Hook ESB.  The highlight was the live music on this Friday night. A band called The Wholetones, very much in the Mumford and Sons vain. Very nice.
Went here for a late dinner upon our hotel's recommendation. Was a little skeptical based on the overall Yelp rating at first, but boy am I glad we went! We got in just as they started their late night menu - a smaller selection from the full menu. My wife and I shared the MTB (mozzarella, tomato, basil) and the Meatball Parmesan Hoagie. The MTB was really fresh and flavorful. We were surprised to get something like this from a late night bar menu. The Meatball Parmesan Hero was also great. Tasted just like something you would expect out of your local pizza joint. Again, not something we were expecting. And the fries that came with it were also tasty and well-seasoned. Would definitely check this place out again on our next visit to Naples!
Top notch service, top notch food, superb scotch selection! You can't go wrong at South Street whether you seek a quick lunch w/a beverage or a dinner w/friends or family. A perfect local spot to get together year round in SWFL!
I just cannot fathom the negative reviews of this place! We've been here several times & always have a great experience! Prompt service, never a bad meal or drink! I'd give 10 stars if I could! Love the atmosphere, great music! If I didn't work early mornings I would definitely be spending a lot more time here! The owner is a solid guy who knows how to put it all together! Fab food, fab service & a fun place to get together! I work at a local breakfast & lunch place & I recommend South Street to all of my customers looking for a great night spot! Best pizza in Naples! Get the Mac & cheese + bacon YUM!
Stopped in for lunch. We simply ordered a pizza and a burger even the server got that wrong. Note to server its a lot easier if you write the order down and repeat it back to the guest. The music was way to loud. I only had an iced tea but it looks like they had a very good beer selection.
Reasons I love South Street : 1. 40 taps - something for everyone and even a bottle list. Best selection of beer in SW florida. 2. Tasty food - Pizza is awesome !!   3. There's original art work on the wall - this place has class...the writing is literally on the wall. 4. When I've had enough to drink, my favorite mexican food place is right down the road :) 5. Great service 6. Live music You shouldn't need another reason...go and check it out !!
We went for lunch. Poor service, waitress seemed a little clueless ((was unaware of lunch specials advertised on the radio)) and left us for 5 minutes when we first sat down and then, left us again without drinks, after a few minutes of eating. Kitchen made wrong order for the youngest child and had to wait for the right food (which wasn't very long at all) and while he was waiting they gave us a HUGE chicken ceasar which was a bit salty, but tasty. The cheesesteaks meat was great, the sandwich was cold by the time the waitress brought it to us. The chips were greasy and hard as banana chips. My eldest has the stromboli - no complaints. When my youngest received his spaghetti and meatballs, he loved it. The place was on the warm side, and there was only one booth in the place. Its not my type of place, and i won't be returning.
What a great place. Wish we had somewhere like this in Fort Lauderdale area. Didn't eat although food did look good. The choice of beers were excellent & the staff knew their stuff. Band was pretty good too & there was a nice eclectic mix of punters in there, from early 20's to 60+.
Terrible service! I will never go back and advise against anyone else going.  Manager was verbally abusive to our table of 8 complaining about the servers terrible service.  Food is mediocre and expensive.
Thanks to the Naples Yelpers for letting me know about this place.  As a native from South Jersey, I needed to find a great place to watch the Eagles game while down here.  What better than a bar that is most definitely a Philly bar? It had an Eagles banner when first walking in and even some art work depicting the Philly skyline.  I was sold immediately.  The menu is fairly typical, but offered enough variety for my family and myself.  We got two appetizers to start.  The philly soft pretzels and beer cheese sauce was absolutely fantastic.  The cheese sauce had that nice beer after taste.  We also wanted to try the spinach and artichoke wontons as it was a bit different from the normal dip variety. They were good if only slightly over cooked.  They came with a very good homemade ranch dipping sauce.  For my entree I went with their Monday night Football burger special.  It was a burger with bacon, cheese, jalapenos and beer cheese sauce.  The fries were crisp and weren't sitting around very long.  Everyone else really enjoyed their meals as well.  The gf got a buffalo chicken sandwich that had a great buffalo sauce.  My parents got a meatball parm and a chicken parm.  Both were completely massive sandwiches.  For dessert we got churros, which weren't your normal run of the mill churros.  They were obviously handmade, but more in the form of a donut.  They came with awesome chocolate and raspberry sauces to dip.  This really was a great meal.  There are plenty of TV's and the service was absolutely fantastic. On another note, the beer selection here is excellent for a Florida institution.  Especially in the Naples area, which lacks great beer bars.  I did a flight and mixed in some local Florida craft beers.  The flights are cheap and only around $7.
Worst, most flat beer I have every tasted and when the waiter was apprised of this he simply lauged and blew it off, then the owner poured another beer and told the waiter that the beer was fine and served it to me, waiter still thought it was a joke and said that was the way it was served there.  How do you like your Stella, Bud, Heiniken, etc served flat.  The price of the imports was off the chart to add insult to injury.   Food is average so go there on a promotion type of some sort or you will be disappointed. This place with its' awful customer service and waiters who are pretentiously friendly is a turn off.  It is as if they know many customers are tourists and will not be returning so why try to please them.   If you must go, don't order the stale and flat beer but I suggest you pass this Naples, Fl up for a place that knows the bar business and places the customer first
Not bad....
Awesome pizza! Great local music scene and a wide variety of craft beers. There's a lounge area with pool tables, darts, and even board games. It's got this perfect "local hangout" feel to it and the staff is friendly too. There's no other place in Naples quite like it.
Fun to go for Happy Hour- decent HH prices on the food, although $5 for a Margarita made with well liquor isn't that exciting. Love the simple Brushetta very fresh and lots of it, the sliders are pretty good...husband likes the cheesesteak although it has little to do with any Philly version we've tasted. Now the Pepperoni Rolls and Stromboli - we've tried twice each (in house & take-out)- the Stromboli had so much potential, but I think they may have just stuffed my COLD toppings into a heated Boli as the cheese and dough were heated thoroughly, yet my ham, green peppers and mushrooms were ice cold, and lumped in one location, so not worth the 10 bucks. And the Pepperoni Rolls both times have had a significant amount of RAW dough. Very raw, like I thought I was munching on a great big, delicious looking cheese pocket, but No- it was awful, & soon in the trash at home. Gets crowded on Fri nights, live music, fun atmosphere, servers are great. Food is inconsistent, but sometimes tasty.
delicious pizzas, and best philly in town excellent craft beer selection newly renovated second room, nice live music at night
Without fail every single time my friends and I go out we end up at South Street by the end of the night. Why? I suppose the reason is it's busy but not too crowded, the pizza is good and they have an expansive beer selection. Thursday nights they do an open mic which is fun if you have any amount of musical talent or are in denial about your lack of it.
Hummus and pita chips are great.  Had the eggplant sub - huge but yum!!  Lots of beers, seemed out of a lot of beer that was on their list, but drinks were good, too.  No blender drinks.  Good service.  Good pizza, too.
3.5 stars Walked in expecting a restaurant but found a bar.  Nothing wrong with that we were just surprised.  They have a great selection of craft brews and a really good happy hour with drink and food specials.  The staff is friendly.  As far as food goes I  can only comment on the mussels, which were pretty good.  A little salty for my taste but fine.  If you're looking to kill an hour or so and have a couple of good micro brews this is the place.  Will definitely go back again and try one thing else from the menu.
One of the best spots in Naples for laid back atmosphere, great pizza, craft beers on tap and live music.   Although, depending on the night it can be little loud for conversation.
Great happy hour, our work loves going here.
This restaurant is not very good. The wings basically made up for the 2 stars. The pizza was alright. Let's put it this way, the best thing I had was the blue cheese dressing. And that was store bought. Also, the music is awfu!!!!!!l
Lots of great craft beer selections, friendly staff and great live music! Lots of tvs to watch football too.
Looking for a Philly steak went here.  BIG MISTAKE.  Took two days to recover.
great beers on tap and in the bottle. pizza is fantastic, live music most days. friendly, fun laid back atmosphere
South street is one of few bars in the entire area that stay open until 2 am! This is a great spin off Philadelphia. The wall art is beautiful and the recent addition, the tippling room, makes way for the crowds to go into. The service is usually great and its quiet on week days. However Friday nights are filled with young teens, drunken college students, cougars, and cowboys! It's quite the mix. No specials on the weekends so be prepared to pay. Sunday night is reggae night. What a scene. Great for young people. Not those who want an intimate experience. The waitresses seem to know the "good" patrons and treat them much better then those they believe will be "bad" tippers. The beer selection is always good. You can atleast find one you like. Bartenders offer samples to help you out. The pizza is brick oven, on the thicker side, but is not a let down. My all time favorite late night, live music fun.
