Not a dog bettor, but fun to watch a few races and pick some dogs. The poker room is decent where they run 1/2 NLH and 2/5 NLH daily as well as smaller buy-in tournaments. Sometimes larger games appear to run: both NLH and PLO. Staff is a little better than one would expect from a regional small cardroom. Fun place. Good cocktail service and decent short-order food.
Had to pay admission to get in. Poker room had poor lighting. Every single employee I encountered had a sour puss expression on their face, and some couldn't even be bothered to make eye contact. As for the dog races, the only time you could see the dogs walk was down the track, and eve then they stopped every ten feet or so.  Refreshments were overpriced. The place is just unpleasant.
AND THEY'RE OFF! Dog racing.  Hmm.  I am not sure how I feel about this topic ethically, but I guess that's for a blog, not a review site.  So with that said, I really enjoyed this track.  There is a $2 admission fee, and then another $1.50 for the program.  There is indoor and outdoor seating available.  Outdoor is where it's at... get up close and watch them fly right by you.  They have an artificial lure called Sparky that is released first "THERE GOES SPARKY" and then you get to watch as the dogs bust out after it. I thought the names of the dogs were hilarious.  They are just so all over the place.  My personal favorite was the Simpson's referenced "Santa's Little Helper"! The prices for food and drinks were actually not too bad.  I figured it would be like $6 at least for a beer, but it was only $4.  Coke products were $2 and hot dogs and pretzels weren't bad either.  They had plenty of kiosks to bet out of, so you never felt like you were waiting too long to place a bet, or that you would miss a race.  All of that was very well structured. So if you're into making a few bets and being entertained by the names and your random picks, I would definitely recommend this track.
cant review the track or poker...or anything else.. stopped by from an ad for a "food truck festival"...my wife watches the food truck race on food network... so we thought  we would check it out.. but it was disappointing..the few trucks that were there (and not all the ones it said)  were ok... forgot...it was free to park...but you did have to pay a 4 cover charge to go into the track...
I see the bad review was from someone who disagrees with dog racing.  I don't think that is really fair.  Poker room is great, dog track is ok.  Your not gonna retire from your winnings here, but it is some entertainment in an otherwise bland/old town.
Didn't go on my most recent trip but have before...and it had seen much better days.  Employees..gate, bet clerks, concessions...seemed indifferent toward this customer almost every time.  I did drive by there over the holidays and it looks like the same from outside, and inside, unless there's been an upgrade, seats were old and worn, TVs weren't real visible if outside and customer base was mostly seniors or typical perpetual down-on-luck gambling crowd.  There was an old miniture golf course on the grounds..about 5-6 holes.. that looked beat and probably hadn't been used in at least a generation.  But there was a poker room upstairs in the old clubhouse.  If you like reluctant "athletes" taking a shit on the track during the post parade (don't envy the handlers cleaning up after them) and barking helplessly while confined in the box right before the race, by all means go.  The only good thing about this "sport" now is the animals can be adopted after they've chased the mechanical rabbit (Sparky?!?) for the last time. Little wonder at least one state (Mass.) has outlawed dog racing...hopefully Florida and others will follow suit soon.
Two Canadians, hubby & wife, spending a month in Bonita Springs. Love the area and enjoy the dog track immensely!  We found all the workers to be friendly: the track clean: one does need to arrive 1/2 hour before post if you want a decent table.... Other than that, there are plenty of seats to go around!  If you're here to win lots of money, play the lottery... Otherwise, you may pay for your day at the track and have some light-hearted fun! Thanks to the folks at the wickets; thanks to the food service and cleaning staff. We did appreciate our time at the track, and your efforts!
Made it out to the greyhound track for the first time this last May while out on vacation. From the outside I was a little weary of going in but I committed and was pleasantly surprised! I believe it was a $2 admission and a dollar for the program. Upon entering we learned that it was dollar beer/soda/hotdog night! Win! The hotdog were good and the beers were delicious. You can sit inside and watch the race by the telecasting tables or you can sit outside next to the track. We sat outside I mean come on its Florida you gotta enjoy the weather! I was a little confused at first on how to bet, but after talking to the couple next to us I quickly got the bets down and was off to the desk to bet my dog. You can either place your bet through a kiosk or do it through a person. I preferred the kiosk it was just more convenient for me.  I ended up winning a few races and so my dollar beers ended up being free. If your looking for something different to do around the area then I suggest you come here. It makes for a nice evening that you can do on the cheap barring your not a compulsive gambler! See you next May greyhounds!
