It is funny to read all the different views on this place.  Here is the lowdown: - This is the only happening place in SW Florida in a consistent basis.  Yes, they know it and rape you on drink prices. - Learn the times admission is free, and happy hour drinks are reasonable. - Come prepared to watch the pure chaos that unravels in the late evening hours. - The club music gets very loud as it should be in a club.  Stop wining and bring earplugs if you can't handle a good time. - People will be smoking cigars and or cigarettes,  expect to leave smelling like an ashtray.   The place is fun, so a shower will be in order of you  an walk. - People do come here looking to hook up, so slutty and swanky dress is the norm. There you go, come prepared,  and leave toasted. Good times are here to be had, even if you just people watch outside for free.
Sorry hipsters; you'll be alone here.  There's no Pabst Blue Ribbon cans, nothing is served in a mason jar and yeah, you'll probably pay cover to get in.  The live entertainment is worth the cover and after the band finishes performing, sometimes they have a DJ playing house music, which invites a younger crowd.   It's the closest thing Naples has to a "big city" feel and although the drinks are pricey; it's a great place to meet singles.  Plus you don't pay for parking, the staff is attractive, friendly and tolerant of drunk patrons and you can always walk to get food after you leave.  After all; you're at the Mercato.
SO coming from the Puritan state of Massachusetts, I am always floored at the concept of happy hour. You mean, if i show up between the hours of X and Y, you will willingly feed me half priced food and booze? What is this nonsense? Anyway, we've been meaning to visit this bar over our last couple of trips down to Naples and finally made it in this past week. As someone previously mentioned, the outdoor smoking is definitely off putting, but I was easily distracted by the yummy cocktails (generous pours!) and the easy on the eyes bar tenders. Also, probably the BEST mozzarella i have ever had on a capresi. It's like they loaded it with extra fat and butter. Final note: I haven't been here on a Friday or Saturday night but I wouldn't be surprised if this was the perfect spot to find yourself a sugar daddy. Ain't no shame ladies, do yo' thang.
Best happy hour in town.  Fun to try all the unique martinis, but the mojito and down&dirty are solid choices too!!
Great happy hour from 4-8. Always have a good band and the employees are all very nice. Age range from 21-101. I'm local and really like this spot.
Rip off.  $70 for four Fireball shots, so I called them out.  "Oh, just give me $40." was their response. Went back a second time (not many options in Naples), to find out four beers and two lemon drops were $95. We didn't want to argue and cause a scene, but Blue Martini clearly takes advantage of visitors.
This is a cool place to hang out for the night.  My friends and I (mid 20s) were here in October and we were definetly the youngest people there but had a lot of fun. We went again just last week and there were more people our age there this time which was kind of surprising. But it's an older crowd and be prepared to be hit on. Martinis are always pricey which is why I gave it 3 $ signs. But they are delicious, my favorite is the Starburst - yum!  So if you're going out for a fun night plan on spending some money. We took a taxi from Davis blvd/Santa Barbara blvd area and it was $35 each way which I thought was reasonable for three of us to go out and have fun and not have to worry about driving. It's a loud place with good martinis, usually live music or a DJ so fun to dance and an outdoor seating area. I'm sure we will return again.
My husband and me arenew residents of Naples.  We were told to go here for good music and cocktails.   We arrived and ordered Martinis-they were delicious!  Loved the blue cheese stuffed olives.   We had to leave shortly after ordering the tuna (which was AWFUL) our first drink because of the smoking.  I am from California and this is rediculous.  I am appauled that Naples still allows smoking at restaurants. Not my scene!
Yes there are Lamborghini's, Teslas and Aston Martins parked out in the valet; but that's Naples for you, old money. Population of the crowd are drunk 40-70 year olds. Once in a while you will see a few lost 20 year olds in the crowd who don't end up staying long. This place is always packed. Packed to the point where you are rubbing shoulders with a sweaty, drunk man old enough to be your grandfather. The drinks are very pricey but pretty tastey. The music is always house/electronic or sometimes they have live bands. The food is not that great and definitely over priced.  Regardless of the dress code, the bouncers at the door decide who comes in and who doesn't. Not impressed with this location.
Happy hour is always a good time. Love the fact that each drink is really two. And once you finish them, you're ready to party or go to bed. Delicious food, served in a tapas fashion. Good music and live bands on the weekends make it a good place to dance.  Stay clear during the season or you'll end up having to pay cover.
A great place is you are in your 30's to 60's and want to feel young again and find a lover for the night. Otherwise stay away with a 10 foot pole! Pro: The only good thing about this place is the Martini's are good. Decor is modern, and the place is clean and "nice". Con: The crowd here is embarrassing, single biggest reason people hate it. This is the go to spot and me and probably 95% of people I know tease as the ultimate  Cougar + Sugar daddy experience. Me being in my mid-20's think this bar is a complete and total joke unless you are looking to pick up and older man (or visa versa). Let me paint you a picture, if you dont get what I mean. I still cannot shake the image of a bunch of women in their late 40's-60s, decked out in spandex dresses, tons of makeup, martini in one, obviously very intoxicated hand grinding on their dates. Not to mention the staff's uniforms are completely hideous. Whoever thought a baby blue corset with a black pushup bra protruding from underneath is "in style" should be fired. The outfits are so bad they actually makes hooters booty shorts look like the most stylish outfits ever. I would never go here again. Huge disappointment for Naples "it" spot to go in the mercato.
This place is pretty awful. We came here for a bachelorette party on a Saturday night. Newsflash: You are located in NAPLES, FLORIDA. Stop trying to pretend like you are a Miami club. There's a line and they have super douchey bouncers who control who gets in when. Once you get in, you realize that the majority of the population is over 40, with a decent amount of people in their 50s and even 60s. I swear to god the majority of this place was crawling with old people who were rolling. At first, it was entertaining, but after a little while, it was just downright disturbing. Dance floor is small and super crowded due to the randomly scattered tables all around the dance floor. Drinks are EXPENSIVE. At least there was no cover for girls. DJ was decent, however, if you like electronic/house-type music.
The martinis aren't that bad - there's about 2 drinks in each shaker they give you. During happy hour, all drinks are half off, making this a dangerously good deal. This place can get pretty packed on weekend nights. There are some younger people and a decent amount of retirees upwards of 50. The latter seem to turn off some people. But hey, whatever, it's Naples, who else did you think you'd be rubbing elbows with on a Saturday night?
Went for drinks and ended up being an all night party. Great live music, dancing and good mix of people. I thought Naples was old and Blue Martini changed my perception completely. Would recommend to anyone while on vacation.
2 stars and that's being mighty generous. The grape crush was good but definitely could have used a longer pour of alcohol. The food, disgusting. Don't offer a charcuterie board if you fail to have any interesting supply of materials. Word to the wise... If it takes less than 3 minutes for the board to come out, it 1. Was made days ago or 2. The meats and cheese were pulled from a plastic sweetbay bag. Maybe we are partial, coming from serious.Italian backgrounds but come on, don't try a trick you have no business with. Stick to the booze. All it takes is massive amounts of alcohol for people to realize the food sucks.
I don't understand all the bad reviews!! Myself and my boyfriend went there for happy hour on Thursday and had a great time. The place has great vibe, fantastic martini's and delicious apps- All for half price! Where we come from a bottle of wine, 2 martini's and 3 large portion apps for $50 is unbeatable!
Great martinis! Great place to people watch!  especially the old people trying to dress and act young! If you are a young guy looking for a M.I.L.F. .... welcome to paradise buddy!
Interesting place, it is a cigar friendly bar. It's got different little areas with a bar for each section. There is a place outside but covered and out of the rain, inside there is an elevated very small platform for a house band behind the bar. They have a happy hour where all the drinks are around half price or so. Huge selection of specialty martini's. Can't remember what I had, but it was good an generous. Not only do they give you the martini in the glass, but the left over in the shaker which is another drink+. Very small selection on food, nothing sounded too special... The only reason I'm giving this place such a low star count is because it was just STUPID loud. I really don't think I'm soo old that I complain about places being too loud, but when you are yelling at the top of your lungs and the person you're trying to talk to still can't hear you it's TOO LOUD! It was also, really very crowded which is normal for a good bar, but it just wasn't worth hanging out. There was nothing going on to watch except the tiny band on the tiny stage, and if you are there to have fun with friends good luck unless you all speak sign language. Plus there has been a lot of bad publicity lately about women getting drugged by way of mickeys in their drinks there. Not a good thing and evidently it's happened to more than a dozen different women. I won't be going back to anytime soon.
Wow.  Just wow.  The first thing that hit me...was the expensive cars in the parking lot.  Yes, I know..I'm in Naples, Fl and it's all about the Aston Martin and if you drive a Lexus..well..you may as well be driving a Saturn. Ok..so...go inside and HOLY CRAP!!!!!  The band is playing behind the bar!  The bartenders really don't have too much room back there in the U shaped bar...b/c the stage is raised up behind them.  It's the coolest thing EVER!   They have a whole bunch of very expensive cocktails.  I ordered the light cosmo...and it tasted like crap.  I asked for cranberry juice and splenda.  They hooked me up.  I liked that I was actually 'tended to' at the bar...where as in most places..I'm ignored.   There are lots of douchbags here looking to get drunk and fight...but there's also a lot of 50+ folks just out having a great time!  I would totally go back.... Warning: If you happen to drive a sweet ride and I'm nearby...I WILL be posing next to your car!
OK I'm too old to stay for the dancing and ballyhoo, But I discovered one of the best happy hours in town. Yes Blue Martini is hot hot hot for young people wanting to drink and dance all night but they offer half price food from 4 to 8 daily. Would you like 4 luscious double lamb chops for $20? Of course but how about only $10? That's a real meal. Or what about huge lobster tacos? Normally $15 for only $7.50? And the drinks are half price too. So go early because it does get crowded around 7. Go about 5 and then see a movie at the newest theater in town. Silverspot. Or if you smoke cigars the new Burn about 50 feet north of the Blue Martini entrance. enjoy this great food heaven. Burgermaven
Went for a drink on a Sunday night with a spotty crowd. The band was playing some classic rock and a mix from the 80's I guess to please my generation. I'm 41. It was very loud so my mom and I sat outside which is very nice but you're basically watching the older guys try to hook up with women of all ages and it was kinda gross. So I turn to the cocktails since that's the reason I was there. The cocktail menu is decent and in typical Naples fashion, took 15 minutes to get a waitress, but when we did get served the drink was good if maybe a bit light in vodka. We ordered the seared tuna which was resting on a bed of calamari salad. The salad was yummy but the tuna was old. The fact that I had to drop my chopsticks and use a knife and fork to cut the tuna is never a good sign. Considering Naples is finally getting some decent places to drink, this place is a nice addition. If they could improve the menu and service, it would be great.
Two important caveats here: first, the Mrs. and I go to this place pretty much once (or less) a year while we're in Naples visiting the in-laws, usually over the Christmas season and that's pretty much it. Second, we've only been during the happy hour. I can completely believe it is a cougar/sugar daddy/singles crowd as the evening goes on because there's some signs of that as a warm-up act in the 6-8pm-ish range, but we haven't witnessed a lot of that. Oh, and "happy hour" might as well stand for "early bird special" too; my wife and I are in our late 40s, and when we were there the other day at 6 pm, we were in the younger third of the patrons. Anyway, that said, it's a pretty good place to get a cocktail before dinner, especially if you're eating at one of the other places in "The Mercato" mall area, or if you want to just eat appetizers. The food is nothing fancy-- bar food-- but I've always had good stuff there and given that apps and drinks are half price during happy hour, it's a good deal. Last night, we each had two drinks (I had a "blue martini" and a real martini) and a flatbread pizza and it was $32. Where I come from, that's a bargin. It definitely has a quasi-sleazy singles bar for old people feel about it though. The waitresses all wear skin tight pants, baby blue corsets, and boob-popping push-up bras. As the Mrs. pointed out last night, it's a lot like a more up-scale Hooters.
Very Cosmopolitan--(no pun intended.) Definately the place to be late night in SW, FL. Tip to the DJ however...NOT so much house and techno please :) That was the biggest, and only complaint from fellow BML goers... $13 a Martini...worth it. Delish.
Best happy hour! This is where I go when I want to enjoy a martini and great appetizers at a value. I love the upbeat ambiance and enjoy bringing my friends too.
Nice modern and clean place to hang out, BUT beware of the prices and people in their late 40s-60s trying to reclaim their glory days. Haven't eaten here so I can't rate the food but the DJ is always on point and earlier in the evenings they have good bands playing a variety of music. The drink prices are a bit exaggerated and might even be more expensive than NYC lounges. But if you don't want to hang out with teenyboppers in some of the other places in town and don't mind getting creeped out by the older crowd its a good place to hang out.
Gentleman, nail your wallets to your ass.  Hoochie mamas everywhere simply trying to raid your pockets.  Everything else was ok...  descent happy hour!!
Let me sum this up for you (or at least anyone visiting from Chicago, and apparently, lots of us like Naples).  It is the Viagra Triangle, but in a mall parking lot, in Florida.   Valet parking when there is a parking lot RIGHT THERE? Seriously people?  There is no red carpet, much as you might wish for it, so your rolling up in limos and making an entrance provided us with some solid entertainment!  The cool thing about the valet though was the sign that said they'd drive you home in your car if you drank too much! I've never seen that before.  Pretty brilliant! Drinks were comparable to what I'd pay in the pricier places in Chicago.  Which is, uh, weird all things considered (with martinis mostly in the $12-$14 range....which normally wouldn't bug me, but couldn't do on principle here; I stuck with a $9 glass of wine for my drinks, and the pours were generous enough).    I get that this is a wealthy area, but still... The vibe outside was nice enough- not too loud, enough tables, trees and such to try to distract you from the mall...the pretty man on the wall in an ad across from where we were sitting...cute bouncers...:) So yes, outdoors was nice.  Indoors....it was like my worst club nightmares.  Loud loud loud.  Girls in skintight short dresses.  Greasy looking men leering at the girls in skintight short dresses.  Pushing your way to the back to get to the bathroom was logistically silly.  No service to speak of- we had to walk up to the bar every time we wanted a drink, even AFTER we bought bottles of wine.  And it wasn't what I would call crowded around where we were sitting. It was a fun night out during our girls' weekend in Naples, and we will probably be back next year despite your shortcomings and being seriously overpriced (I know that makes you happy, Mr. Bouncer Man, since we left with such a, uh, flourish ;))
You guys did it, Bluemoons $4 all day everyday. This makes me love the place even more because my only complaint was the beer selection, so kudos for you for listening to your customers!!!!! This place really is a lot of fun and the food is very good also!
I really don't know if this place deserves 3 stars, but I'm gonna give them the benefit of the doubt since I visited on a week night and maybe only 20 people were there. Prices were like Vegas. $15 for a cocktail? Huh? A little ridiculous if you ask me, even if Naples is ritzy. Place seems like it might be fun on the weekends, although I hear they charge cover, too, which is always a negative in my book. It was also insanely loud and freezing! I guess having the A/C down so low is great for the weekends when it must get crowded, but really unnecessary otherwise.
I'm seriously not sure what I was thinking to go to this place on a Saturday night. I suppose I was looking for some groovy tunes, a few saucy men to dance with and a libation or two. it was a TIME WARP, to say the least. I felt as though I entered a raunchy 1980s wanna cool bar. Its popular, no doubt. The inside has an awkward flow and the staff (with exception of doorgal), was just rude. Actually they were bitchy. There is a cover of $10 and I'm not sure why. We ended up parking it on the comfy couches outside. We left early. It was just a lame scene. I do not recommend at all.
Went for happy hour and it was phenomenal! Ladies drink free with a VIP card. Apps are half priced and enough to split. The Lamb was awesome! They also offer a number you can text to and win free drinks, apps etc. There is a cover charge after 8pm so get there early. Live music and dancing inside, great service and plenty of heaters on the outdoor patio for the cool Naples nights. The cucumber martini was excellent!
We have heard so much bout this place we finally went.  I was a perfect evening.  /we sat outside. Soon it was so crowded that strangers asked to sit with us.  that was okay.Drinks arexpensive but large. The smoking bothers me. What's with that? What are the rules. There is a roof and they do serve food, so it's not what I expected. I am not a good sport about smells.
To all locals and visitors, be warned the drinks are very expensive and even worse are almost pure alcohol. The music is so loud that the servers misunderstand conversations. I've know several good people who have been thrown out unnecessarily. The management and staff are over their heads. Maybe with a few slight adjustments this place could be as good as the Blue Martini in Ft Lauderdale. Skip this one until you see consistently good Yelp reviews.
The place was ok - the drinks were fine.  The service was very slow for a Sunday afternoon at 5pm - but it was the day after their big Halloween party and I think everyone was hung over. Regardless - we were over charged for our drinks (one extra but WATCH your bill!!).  Because it took so long for her to give us our bill I did not say anything - but I have a feeling everyone should be on the lookout for this. The food was fair for a bar - I would just beware of being overcharged and always check your bill!
I've died and gone to cougar + sugar daddy heaven. went for happy hour on a Friday and the drinks were strong the band was catchy but the random dude that pulled out his trombone no pun during a break by the band made me feel as if i was in the twilight zone, but then again perhaps that is what Naples actually is.
Great, lively place with a tremendous Happy Hour. Bartenders are attentive. The ambiance is the highlight of the place, great people watching too.
If you like good house music then I suggedt you go here on Monday nights. There is no cover at the door and it's much more chill. They bring in good DJ's from around Florida and don't play the top 40 stuff people normally request. Sometimes they will play some Moombahton and Dubstep as well. Staff is very friendly and drinks for the price are strong. The dance floor is not the biggest, but it still draws a large crowd. And if you want to learn to dance come there on monday nights I will be the only one on the dancefloor most likely.
Nice place.  I'm from Michigan so I was shocked I didn't have to pay to get in.  In Michigan you have to pay for everything, kinda ridiculous.  Anyway they are crazy expensive!  Every drink was $12.50.  I didn't buy my own drinks thank god.  But it was a good time.
Blue Martini is exactly like a piece of Fort Lauderdale/ Miami in sleepy little Naples.  There are tons of older men hitting on younger Latin women who pretend not speak English.  Drinks are good but overpriced, and service is a little rude.  The music is good; and you'll hear a lot of European house music which is kind of neat.  If you want to meet a cute girl in her mid twenties then this is not the place for you.  If you've had fantasies about dating the members/ cast of "The View", or "Sex in the City"  then I highly recommend this establishment.
Curious about the buzz that's driving crowds to this new bar/dance club, I ventured in with a sober friend after the movies.  Quite a joint, and not all that appealing unless you're not all that sober, I suppose.  On the subject, Blue Martini's been smeared recently with allegations of roofies in ladies drinks. I wouldnt want to be an investigator on that one.  Just TRY to sort out the roofies victims from the legitimately stumbling-around female drunks in this place. btw, Can someone explain why there are no drug complaints coming from unsuspecting men in this land of cougars?  Anyway, my friend and I ordered life-threatening Sprites and got two soda waters delivered instead.  The waitress, who could have easily and yes, recently traded her Hooter tights for a cute BlueM corset,  insisted that the drinks were Blue Martini Sprites.  Ha!  Wouldnt even replace them with the real deal.  Then she pulled a sleazy waitperson trick that's more easily done on the drunk patrons than on us sober ones:  disappear with the check envelope as well as the change.  On a good note, there was a live band that unlike its compatriots all over grey-tinged Naples, sometimes ventured into music made later than c.1970s. Too bad there wasn't any real dancing going on.  Nice.  So now we've been there/done that.  No need to return.
The drinks are expensive and they aren't the best tasting/ kind of watery, but overall it's the only bumping place in the area. The service is nice, the music is solid, and we were able to meet a few women near our age range (20s)
Went for drinks and dinner with friends. We had three changes in our server before we were able to order. Another switch after ordering. Seems they couldn't figure out who was working our table. The music was so loud we were unable to carry on a conversation, even when we resorted to yelling. The service was absolutely the worst that we have experienced in a long time. Our waters were never refilled and we were not asked if we wanted additional drinks from the bar.  We had to ask to order and asked for our check twice. Our server brought back the change incorrectly. It took 15 minutes to pay our bill in cash. It is really unfortunate because the food was actually quite good, not outstanding but good.  In addition, the prices posted on the Internet were not accurate and presented as less then the menu prices. Overall this was the worst service by far that we have experienced in a long time. None of us will return.
