Had a wonderful meal! I had high expectations given the reviews and I was not disappointed. We had the Pomme frites that were amazing, the free range chicken was also fantastic! I really enjoyed all of the unique spices they used, I haven't had anything like this in Naples. This was my top ten meals
I was boring and just got the chicken...but it was phenomenal. Maybe the best chicken I've ever had. Everything else was decent...but my main course was excellent. A little gem in an area where strong food options are scarce.
It just doesn't get much better than this when it comes to food! Being a new foodie, it's always been difficult to find good places to find REALLY good food. Thank you all with the help of yelp to find this amazing place! We will definitely come back again soon.
This is a place you need to go to if you haven't been there yet. We had a wonderful experience there. The food was outstanding, the staff was knowledgeable, friendly, and professional. The food was wonderful. We had the Wahoo Fish Dip for an app, split a Pear Salad, I had the Pork Chop (unusual for me) and my wife had the Veggie Lasagna. Everything was fantastic!! I'm glad we made reservations because they were turning people away even though the place was only 20% full. By the time we left, which was around 7:15 the place was packed, including the bar. I'll be back:-)
Food: creative and delicious!   The strongest suit.   Ambiance: decent, crowded, boisterous and fun. Service: attentive and friendly. Disregard the plain store front and trust the Yelp reviews!
So let me start by saying I don't write reviews... That being said, this place was that good that I felt I had to.  The only downside to this place is that the sign doesn't capture the feel of your dining experience. The three tailed snapper was amazing and cooked to perfection.   The rigatoni was superb.  The desserts were to die for. Just go....
Wowzer!  A great local find in a sea of chain restaurants.  Compressed tomato steak salad was awesome.  So was sous vide short rib.  Finish that off with a Hawaiian sweet potato pie.   Servers are both friendly and knowledgeable.
The Aioli snapper dish was amazing - the best fish I've ever had. The beet salad & linguini bolognese were to die for as well. The staff were friendly, service excellent - will definitely be going back.
This is one of the best restaurants in Naples, although it is not dressy or formal at all.  This is a place for delicious food.   Service:  The waitresses were really kind, knew their stuff, and efficient.   Ambience: The lighting is dimmed, making it a bit romantic in a more vintage feeling dining room.  Still, it's pretty casual - you can walk in wearing shorts and not feel out of place.  The noise level is average, unless you are a huge family of Asians... With a baby. Food:  OK, the truffle pomme frites are an absolute must.  I've had numerous versions of truffle fries throughout the country, and this is one of my favorites!  The price fixe menu is the best deal between 5 and 6 pm, with a bottle of wine included in for every two prixe fixe ordered.  The cab is the best of the 3.  As for entrees, the fettuccine is very creamy but delicious, the salmon is flavorful, and the fish of the day is worth it.   There is free parking available outside.
Perfect! Amazing! Awesome! You must go. Stop looking at other reviews and go to this fabulous gem! Was on vacation in Naples and was bored with all the stuffy, overpriced, boring eateries inn town. We picked this place based on the great yelp reviews. They did not lie. Everything was perfect, including our waiter Adam. Be sure to MAKE A RESERVATION, if not you may have to eat at the bar. Gotta Try: -Manhattan Clam Chowder (out of this world! My boyfriend could have eaten 4 bowls and a basket of bread and have been happy.) -Calamari (perfectly fried and tender with a great dip) -Pear salad is amazing and properly dressed -Chicken with mushroom sauce is delicious (they do not overcook the veggies) -Specials are also outta this world (Skirt steak and Arctic Char) You have to try this place. Don't waste your time and money at the usual chains or crappy, overpriced fry shops that specialize in bland schlock platters. PS: Dont listen to what some of these mental midgets write about the decor. They must be yuppie, waspy assholes looking for something to complain about.  It was nice for a small mom and pop eatery and VERY CLEAN. (Bathrooms were too!)
This is now my "go-to" restaurant in Bonita. Bravo to the Chef for bringing a creative and evolved menu. From the Escargot to the Fish specials, you can see the pride and talent brought to each course. Save room for dessert since the Chef's wife is a french pastry chef and is just as talented. Best chocolate cake I've had in some time...the key is they do not serve it cold. Room temp for chocolate cake should be a no-brainer. The bar is the place to eat if you find you have no reservations. Otherwise, it's a busy little restaurant and prepare to wait or be turned away. (An obvious indication of a tasty place..since the ambiance is meh).
After reading the reviews for years we finally broke down and made a reservation. I am glad we did. Take Roy's, cut the wine list down and the prices in half and you have A Table Apart. Not that the menu's are comparable - but the finished products are both excellent. My wife could cut her inch-thick port chop with a fork and I (not really liking fish) loved my special of the day Chad. Out Daughter and her husband are both "foodies" and did not leave anything on their plates. I do not usually like having to make reservations but I will gladly do so to come back (I just need a month or so to recover after this huge meal).
Three words for the mussels appetizer: AHH MAY ZING!!! Service and the rest of our meal was great too!
I'd heard all they hype, read all the reviews, and still.... was unprepared for how awesome my meal would be.  I dined at the bar on a Monday night, and yes- it was pretty packed; every table full, and a few others at the bar with me. I usually comment heavily on atmosphere and service, but what really comes to mind is the food.  It was SOOOO GOOD.   I started with the Escargot, which, with a loaf of bread- could have been a meal itself.  The flavor of the sauce was SO rich and complex.... it has been a while since I have eaten anything that delicious.  It was served with a tiny little eggplant salad to compliment, but needed nothing.  I had to stop myself from drinking the broth out of the dish. There were so many good things on the menu, I could not decide, and went with the Special, which was a simple lamb shank.  Again - perfectly prepared, and so flavorful.   The only part of the meal that wasn't to-die for incredible was the mashed potatoes, but I had my plate full with the lamb anyway. I somehow stopped myself so that I could try one of their home-made desserts, and was so glad that I did.  The sweet potato / haupia pie was INCREDIBLE.  I woke up wanting it for breakfast.  It is not what you imagine when you think american sweet potato or coconut cream pie.  It was a lightly sweet, beautifully textured, cheesecake-like slice.  It went perfectly with coffee, and I will be back for that and the escargot sooner rather than later. As for the service and the ambiance- it looks like they have a professional team.  All of the tables around me seemed well cared for, and despite the strip mall location that is so prominently described- it is cozy inside.  They have put effort into making it a warm environment and it shows. But the food... GO FOR THE FOOD!
A truly wonderful experience from start to finish.  Restaurant was immaculately clean with an ambiance that was warm and inviting.  Our server was friendly but professional and attentive without being overbearing.  His extensive knowledge of the menu became apparent as he very patiently assisted us in making our selections (which took some time because we couldn't decide when everything sounded so good!).  Our party ordered from the pri fixe menu and got to sample the Thai calamari, the pear salad, the soup of the day (french onion) and the chilled vegetable soup.  All were wonderful but the calamari was a true favorite--very light, not oily or greasy at all and was served with a delightfully refreshing dipping sauce--delicious!  Everyone in our party got seafood entrees, all of which were fresh and perfectly prepared, seasoned and presented.  The plates had been warmed so the food stayed hot as you ate it--a nice touch.  The kitchen was fast but the courses were delivered with enough time in between so you didn't feel rushed.  The desserts were great too, they had a well balanced selection of lighter and richer items.  Chocolate cake was HUGE and amazing--gotta try it.  Overall, a fantastic dining experience.
A Table Apart shouldn't work--with a strip-mall location and a menu that serves up Mexican, Thai, American, Hawaiian, and Filipino, A Table Apart would seem like a cautionary tale from a Food Network show. But work it does, and the curious eater leaves rewarded--having toured through a smattering of cultures and cuisines all before desert. The decor is charmless--a Pier 1-style room divider separated us from the doorway and almost fell on us a few times. Dim lighting helps carve out some semblance of intimacy in a cavernous space, but still never rises to anything befitting the price of the meal and the skills of the kitchen. The food was excellent. Truffled french fries with garlic and pecorino were served along with a tangy aioli--a heaping portion even for four hungry eaters, though we did manage to finish them, it may have been at the expense of our entrees. Chorizo and mussels were spicy and tasty--big, plump, mussels, simmering in a distinctly Mexican tomato broth. For entrees, we had a special snapper with a aioli crust and the scallops. Each portion was hulking--a massive piece of snapper served with jasmine rice and asparagus and 6 enormous scallops piled atop a smoky hash of bacon, sweet corn, and mushrooms. We saw, but missed out on, the whole fried snapper--which apparently should be ordered/reserved in advance. If I was coming back--I'd place my reservation for that snapper--because it looked exquisite. Desert was so good we first ordered the special coconut cream sweet potato pie and a chocolate cake before ordering another piece of the special pie. I'll concede it doesn't sound amazing--but it was perfection--the flavours combined so nicely to create something light, fresh, sweet, and delicious that was both a nice finale to our meal and a stellar desert in its own right. The dining room was filled, so I suppose I can't call it a hidden gem in Southwest Florida, but I'll say that for those who venture beyond the same old along US 41 you will find a gutsy and inventive choice worth the drive.
A great find: excellent food, knowledgeable wait staff, and (for our group from New York City) very affordable. The compressed tomato/burrata salad was unique and delicious, the lamb and pork chop entrees nicely executed, and they have a great selection of well-priced wine by the glass.
We decided to give "A Table Apart" a try on our recent vacation in Florida after reviewing their menu online.  I've later learned that this building has already hosted two failed restaurants in the last five years, so I'm really keeping my fingers crossed for this place. The interior is quite uninspired, but acceptable as the food is the real star at this place.  Our waiter seated us quickly and recommended a fantastic bottle of lower priced wine to get the meal started.  For appetizers, we tried the Chorizo Mejllones mussels dish after the waiter raved about them and we also sampled the Bistro Pommes Frites. The mussels came out served in a tomato, garlic, chorizo and white wine cilantro pesto sauce with bread on the side.  I'm not mush of a shellfish fan, so I reluctantly tried a mussels to placate my inlaws.  Not really my thing, but the meat was intensely delicate and the broth was quite nuanced and flavorful.  The inlaws declared it to be the best mussels they've ever had, and my wife quickly agreed. The Bistro Pommes Frites were tossed in herbs and parmesan cheese with a white truffle oil drizzle.  Personally, I found these to be disappointing in texture.  The herb and cheese toss added a very nice flavor, but the actual frites weren't far from a common frozen French fry.  The white truffle drizzle was mostly absent to me, though my wife said she really enjoyed the touch. For entrees, we sampled the Pan Roasted Cornish Game Hen, the Organic Salmon two way and two orders of the night's special dish.  The Hen was very tasty and tender with some very subtle garlic mashed potatoes.  My Salmon two ways was seared perfectly with a cool medium-rare interior, served over top a bed of rice and Yuzu Beurre Blanc and topped with a citrus salmon ceviche. While both dishes were very good, they were both easily eclipsed by the special dish: flat iron steak with a smoked goat cheese topping alongside fingerling potatoes.  The flat iron steak was a fantastic cut, seared to perfection and the smoked goat cheese topping added a wonderful and complementary depth to the meat.  No extra seasoning was needed, and we all ranted and raved about the dish.  The waiter accepted our compliments and suggested that the chef was intending to add the dish to the menu as a regular item. This place has major promise and I really hope it can outlive the previous restaurants that have inhabited the same location.  With a few tweaks to refine the menu and some minor decorative touches, this is a restaurant that could quickly become a destination for fine food on the gulf.
Had dinner this year on New Year's Eve. I will keep this short. I you are going for any ambiance go any where else. When we pulled in I thought we were lost. Nope we weren't although I wish we were. It's a run down looking plain place and inside was no different.  Food?  Ok...  Not great. We ordered off a set menu and had to pick each course. What they didn't reflect was the appetizer was $15 each extra off the set menu so beware. For 2 are bill was $230.00. Not happy only because for that price I would have expected much better. Even something that would resemble an atmosphere might of helped. A boring, drab, and costly waste. We won't be back.
Well we went there last year and really enjoyed it.  Then waited a full year to go again.  Well four of us ate one of the best meals we have had in Naples/Bonita Springs.  I'll just go to the entrees: 1.  Top quality and quantity rack of lamb.  At least 8 bones!  My friend licked the plate clean and he's over 70.   2.  The women both ordered the special fish -  a snapper.  I never got even a bite.  Both ladies cleaned their plates. 3. And moi: a stuffed porkchop that had to be almost 2 inches thick.  The glaze/sauce was velvet and matched the meat perfectly.  Every bite was a true joy...yes I cleaned my plate and picked at the bone. Plus the service was attentive and the chef came out to meet us.  He's Hawaiian and sincerely knows how to "do it right'. We will be regular customers from now on... The Burgermaven. PS: ok some sides: The mussels appetizer - again quantity and quality!  The side of truffle fries - wow!
This place surprised me.  I came down to Naples to escape the frigid -10 F crap I was dealing with in Michigan, so it wasn't a food excursion.  However, because this site has rarely led me wrong, I looked up some good options and stumbled across two reviews saying this place was excellent.  Sure enough, they were right.  Damn tasty food, great presentation, and good, attentive service with only one minor hiccup. Food:  I had the scallops.  These suckers were HUGE.  Day boat scallops that were almost the circumference of a can of Coke.  They were pan seared in a mixture of Asian spices on top of a bed of potato and corn surrounded with a tasty curry sauce.  In fact, most of the menu had an Asian tilt to it.  So much so, my wife asked the watier of the chef is Asian, and sure enough, the guy is half Hawaiian and half Filipino.  My wife had the flat iron steak topped with homemade goat cheese.  They didn't make the mistake that most folks make which is cook the steak one temperature too much.  Most restaurants I go to, if you ask for medium, you get medium well.  She asked for medium, and it came out medium.  I'm not a huge fan of goat cheese, but the homemade goat cheese was quite rich and delicious. For dessert, we had the creme brulee, and it was quite good.  You could actually see the vanilla bean in the creme.  The sugar crust was just a tad too thick for my liking.  Otherwise, it had good texture, creaminess, and flavor. Service:  The service was pretty good.  My water glass did hit rock bottom before it was refilled and the waiter misheard my wife and brought out a totally different dish, but he quickly corrected it and brought the right dish out in a matter of minutes.  At most restaurants that make a mistake like this though, they usually comp a dessert or something. Otherwise, it was quite attentive,  We were asked twice if everything was to our satisfaction and it wasn't a big enough screw up to say "no". Decor:  This place reminds me of a few joints back at home that I really like.  It's a small restaurant with a nice bar in the back.  We brought our 3 month old who patiently waited for us to eat.  She's such a good little girl.  We both arrived wearing very casual clothes and did feel a tad underdressed.  I would definitely eat here again, but next time it'll be in a collared shirt. At a place like this, I didn't think they'd want someone with a 3 month old coming in, but they assured me they were kid friendly and they were. All in all, I would eat here again.  In the land of Naples, which is filled with chain restaurants and bars, A Table Apart really does set itself apart.  I read in previous reviews that this location has a curse on it.  Let's hope this curse is broken with this place.
The best restaurant in Bonita Springs and just as good as any in Downtown Naples.  From the appetizers to the desserts, everything was perfectly prepared and very flavorful.  The Triple Tail was awesome. The service was perfect.
Visiting Dad in Florida is a lot more fun than visiting Dad in Michigan.  This is a surprising, awesome place, filled with good energy, more similar to restaurants in my college town of Asheville, NC, than my hometown of West Bloomfield Michigan.   We walked in to a busy restaurant on Friday.  After sitting down we received hearts of palm appetizer courtesy of the chef.  this was incredibly small and good and not what i am used to!  we ordered: thai fried calamari, no crust portabella pizza, oysters, poached pear salad, and apple pie with a locally made ice cream (royal scoop) for desert.  the muscles, with their chorizo-sauce and toasted bread, was amazing. the poached pears were great.  the apple pie was among the best i've ever had.   service was excellent as our waittress was accompanied at times by the hostess, the chefs, other waitstaff, and the owners wife!  i'll go back.  lunch specials look reasonable.
The staff are awesome and very friendly and it just gets better from there. The wine was exceptional value and the truffle pomme frites were excellent. Jeff really knows how to cook fish and the chicken liver pâté is perfection
We love independent restaurants and this reminded us why we strenuously avoid chains. We chose A Table Apart based on its high Yelp reviews, and were not disappointed. The mussels were served in an amazing broth. The scallops were cooked to perfect. And the whole fish was beautiful (but somewhat daunting) in it's presentation, and cooked so the fish flaked nicely off the bone. Make reservations.
Read glowing review of A Table Apart so made my way there early Saturday evening after Mass.  The restaurant is a standalone building on the south side of Bonita Beach Road, about halfway between 41/Tamiami and the beach.  Inside there are 6 booths lining the north wall under the only windows, a long bar lining the south wall, and 10 4-tops in two rows in between.  The lighting is a little dark, but nice warm burgundy colors dominate. Definitely take a look at the menu online before going.  There is a strong Asian influence with some adventurous flavoring choices...this is not your typical Perkins fare!  The menu features 3-4 "earth" or meat items, 3-4 "water" or seafood items, and 3-4 Italian items.  Expect to pay $20-$30 for an entree, $6 for a salad, $5-$13 for an entree. I skipped the appetizers and dove right into the bread basket.  Pretty standard french bread, but good and warm.  A small item, but they are one of the few restaurants that get the butter right!  Most restaurants either don't give you enough butter or it is too cold to spread, but here there is a generous cube (?) of butter at the perfect temp. I ordered the Day Boat U-10 Scallops on a hash of roasted corn, bacon and mushroom hash over a curry corn sauce with a side of Bistro Pommes Frites with herbs, parmesan cheese and white truffle oil drizzle.   The scallop dish reminded me of a similar dish at the Bay House, but here the 4 scallops were much, much better, perfectly done and delicious.  The hash was not as tasty as the Bay House, unfortunately.  It was heavy on potatoes and I never did find the bacon in it, with the mushrooms few and far between.  I liked the curry sauce, which surprised me.  I don't do well with spicy foods, and every other curry dish I have ever tried was too strong for me, but this sauce was not spicy at all. I had heard raves about the fries with truffle drizzle, but did not care for them.  The fries seemed good enough, but I found the seasoning a little overpowering of the taste of the fries, rather than complementing them.  I only finished about half the fries. Aside from the perfectly prepared scallops, the brownie and ice cream dessert was the best part of the meal.  The brownie was large and sinfully chocolately and warm, and you can't go wrong with a dollop of Royal Scoop Vanilla.  The presentation was beautiful, and the balance just right so the warm brownie didn't melt the ice cream and the melting ice cream did not make a mush out of the brownie.  Perfectly done! Astrid was my waitress and was fantastic.  Very attentive, each time I started to wish for more water or bread she was right there, and was extremely knowledgeable about all the dishes on the menu. I would definitely go back to sample some of the other dishes, A Table Apart offers cuisine that is unique in the area!
Being an experienced foodie, this type of restaurant is very hard to find in Southwest Florida.  The food is every bit as sophisticated as something you would get in a major city.  The food combinations and simple, yet creative pairings are something you will have difficulty finding anywhere else in the area. A Table Apart is at or near the top of my list for restaurants in the area for sure. What I had:  I have been many times, but just getting to Yelp now.  I think I have almost tried everything, but the simply grilled fish is always fantastic.  Best truffle fries in town.  The scallops pared with the corn sauce in relish is full of flavor and wonderful.  The ONLY drawbacks to this fine experience is the ambience; it is in a tiny strip along BBR, and it is quite small.  Happy Dining!
Came here for dinner because it was one of the highest rated local restaurants in Bonita Springs. We ordered the chorizo mussels, portabella mushroom pizza, had multiple refills of our bread basket (dipping it in the sauce of the mussels), i ordered a filet, and my wife ordered the osso bucco. mussels - wow, what bold, strong flavor with a kick! not your typical mussels. It was hard to say that there was anything I didn't like about it, but I'd say that it was probably the second-best mussels i've ever had - the best, being @ Ray's boathouse in Seattle, WA. portabella mushroom pizza - beautiful presentation, and tasty goat cheese and balsamic vinaigrette! also really liked the toasted pine nuts. a little difficult to eat, but whatever. just stuffed it down anyway. :) bread - just kept bringing it out.  simple but good.  simple but good. filet - medium-rare, juicy, good flavor, but it didn't quite have the crispy/burnt crust of the grill that i was looking for. the cut of meat itself was great, but i just think they could have done more with this steak. osso bucco - meat fell right off the bone.  great flavor, the meat was tender and juicy, and man, it just hit the spot. Would definitely come back and try other things off the menu.
I rarely give 5 stars for a review but I can not say one bad thing about A Table Apart. From the moment we walked in our experience was fantastic. We were greeted with a pleasant friendly women who took us right to our table. We did make a reservation which was a good thing because the place was full. Our waitress was very knowledgable and gave a picture go the mind description of the menu. She also knew the wine list which was by the way extensive. In our party we ordered the pear salad A+, wedge salad very good blue cheese dressing  beef steak tomato & fresh mozzarella with a balsamic glaze. For entrees we got the short ribs. Full of flavor & tender. Local fish 3 tail white that came with a citrus white wine reduction, sticky rice, Asparagus cooked perfectly. Lastly the twin salmon pan seared with two different flavors, sautéed spinach & white rice. We would of got dessert but had plans to meet friends for ice cream. From what we saw the desserts looked fabulous. This is one of the best Resteraunts  we've been to anywhere.
This place was a pleasant suprise and after visiting I now see why it is the top rated restaurant in the area. Being from Chicago I am not used to eating great meals in a strip mall. After A Table Apart I am convinced it can be done. First off, the meal was fantastic. Great calamari and a duck special (duck two ways) that was out of this world. One of the best I've ever had. The waitress was super nice and accomadating (and cute) which really brought the experience all together. Only thing to know is that they don't have a full bar...beer/wine only.
We sat down in a perhaps typical looking independent restaurant for a very special meal of unique menu choices. From the special of the day cream of broccoli soup, to a caesar salad with a slice of bacon on the top, to a combination of Day Boat U-10 Scallops, Roasted Corn, Bacon and Mushroom Hash, Curry Corn Sauce for the main course (dare to find that on the menu somewhere else) -- it was a consistent and exceptional experience. To end the meal we shared an obviously homemade brownie with vanilla ice cream. All in all, maybe not as polished as a big chain nor with the depth of menu -- however, going here was a welcome break.
So, far I have had a couple of really excellent meals here.  The Hawaiian + French concept is a wonderful combination and Jeff and Jessica have done great with this place.  It is nice to have such a well-run restaurant within 3 miles of the Beach.  Of course, now that it is season, it is packed every night, so I may have to wait until it quiets down in a few months. I really suggest you take a look at the website and menu.  The offerings are very interesting and also very good.  It is only a few minutes from 41 (heading west) if you are coming from outside Bonita. For the drinkers, it is beer-and-wine only, but they do carry beers such as those from Kona Brewing Co, Tsingtao and others.  Considering the reviews and crowds they have been getting, it looks like they should be around for awhile... which is a great thing to see considering the work that they have put in the place.
Sorry I accidentally reviewed the wrongs business and it won't let me delete!!
4.5 stars, but enjoyed everything so much, I rounded up. We never would have found this place if it weren't for Yelp, so huge thanks are due.  Early reservations meant we were seated right away. Our server was charming, and very knowledgable about the food and wine/beer menu.   We started with the calamari as it had been recommended in many reviews, but this was probably the most underwhelming part of the meal - slightly greasy, not as crunchy as we would have liked-almost like the oil wasn't as hot as it should have been. Luckily it was served with a rockin' Asian style dipping sauce which helped elevate it to good.   Our entrees were off-the-chart fantastic. We both went with the fish special of the night - triple tail served over asparagus and a bed of sticky rice with a buttery Asian sauce.  Then on to dessert - special dessert of the night: chocolate chip bread pudding. 2 please!  It came served looking like an obese muffin, covered in melted chocolate chips, with a crusty outside, and gooey buttery center. It was served with a creamy vanilla ice cream.  Is your mouth watering yet? It should be, because that dessert was awesome!  Complemented by fresh brewed delicious coffee, it was the perfect end to a close-to-perfect meal.  We'll be back next visit to the area, for sure!
I ate here with my family of self-proclaimed gourmands, and we all agreed it was a really excellent meal. Four of us shared two appetizers-- the eggplant caviar and a daily special of beets, roasted hearts of palm and shredded duck and both were delicious. For the entree, two of us got the sous vide short ribs and two of us got the rack of lamb, and again we all really enjoyed our choices. I wish we had had room for the creative sounding desserts but we were all quite full and didn't have room. Try this restaurant, you won't be disappointed.
Food was great! Service was also very good. I had the triple aioli snapper and I'm not a fish person. It was delicious. My wife had the short rib and it was good also. Portions were perfect unless you like huge plates. I would have given 5 stars if they had a better beer selection. We will be back though
Great place, good price for great food. We had pork chop, rack lamp and flat steak. They are all perfect, will be back any time. Reservation is necessary.
My sister and I consider ourselves to be foodies. We know what good food is, and we have had our share of good and bad meals. We dined at A Table Apart a few months ago, and I can honestly say it was one of the best meals we've ever had. I had the salmon duo, and it was beautifully cooked. The furikake rice was delicious and perfectly cooked. They also have the most amazing fried calamari! I can't wait for our trip next month to visit again!
Fantastic across the board. Whole flash fried yellowtail was perfect. Grilled veggies were even tastier than ever. If looking for something different, better than the standard, give it try. Very unassuming location but worth the trip.
Dear lord.... If you are looking for a locally owned, delicious, gem.... This is your place.   Not fancy or pretentious but amazing food Don't miss the pork quesadilla. Quite possibly the best pork I've had.   Entree was a special.  Triple Tail fish with Japanese aioli.  To die for....   Dessert. Hawaiian sweet potato pie. Like a cheesecake with a light coconut gelatin on top. Unique and delicious.   Well worth the drive from Naples.
THE best restaurant in the entire Naples area. Everything is made to perfection. Ordered the pear salad and salmon two ways - both delicious with unique flavor combinations.
I started going to A Table Apart the year it opened, and it was instantly a family favorite. My family is down in the are very often and we would even order out from this place if the wait was too long.....that is until this season. We were so excited to go there for the atmosphere, good service, and delicious, great quality food...but alas, that is no more. There is a bourbon pork chop on the menu that in the past was like a thick steak..the way it was cooked was absolutely amazing..no doubt a wonderful piece of meat, excellent preparation...this season it was without a doubt a chewy, cheaper piece of meat.. and no, it wasn't a one time experience..the waitress told us they changed it to this particular cut...YUK! Also, at least most of our party would order an amazingly prepared cornish game hen with the best polenta we have ever had....this item is completely off the menu...now instead of the cornish hen they have some plain chicken dish that is served with new potatoes..very basic and boring...when asked why the original dish was no longer we were told by the owner(wife) herself that it was so popular and being ordered so much that the rest of the menu was being overlooked....WHAT?! yes, for real that is why the cornish hen is no longer... For many years this was our top pick in the area...now, I don't even recommend it. It was our first and only trip there this season back beginning of January.
Very nice meal I loved the rack of lamb and my wife went for their triple snapper  both were excellent. And don't foget the warm brownie with royal ice cream.  Plus the servers  were very good.
We have to add another top recommendation to the list! Our table of four ordered different entrees and all were fantastic! This place has the total package...great food, great service, and a nice atmosphere. An added treat for me was the beer list which featured Chimay Red..an excellent Belgian Ale.
celebrated my husband's 60th birthday there.   First time visit and will definitely return.    It is on the high end price-wise but it's worth a visit.   The portabello pizza and pomme frites as appetizers were EXCELLENT.   Entrees were all very good; we all had fish.   Key Lime pie for dessert was yummy too.   Service was great.
This was my virgin voyage to this nondescript little eatery. The only reason it did not get the fifth star from me was because of the " luncheonette" appearance of the open room and booths along the window.  That said, the food, the wine and the service were definitely 5 star. I thoroughly enjoyed the fresh fish feature of Triple tail that was pan sautéed with Japanese aioli and Yuzo berre blanc. I chose to have the sautéed spinach rather than sticky rice and coupled that with perfectly cooked asparagus. My hubby had the Pork Chop with the Apple Brandy Jus which was accompanied by potato croquettes and a german style red cabbage. We enjoyed a bottle of Rombauer Chardonnay (my personal fav) with our meal and although we passed on dessert the great service that we received from Astrid could definetly be considered the icing on the cake.
Prix Fixe is great, but nothing here isn't. Always listen to the organic/sustainable seafood specials. Nice wine list and Kona Brewing Co. beers round out this Hawaiian helmed restaurant. Picture of Mahi Mahi.
Overall it was a great dinner. Restaurant is not much from the outside, but we were pleasantly impressed by the menu and food quality. Some favorites for appetizers included the fried calamari and spring rolls. Great entree choices were the scallops and the fettucini alfredo with shrimp. I had the creme brulee for dessert, which was delicious. The service was superb; very attentive staff and nice, pleasant atmosphere. Would definitely recommend and return. Affordable choice.
This is why I love Yelp. This rather nondescript place on Bonita Beach Road is a diamond in the rough. The flat iron steak was terrific. My wife enjoyed her char, the fish special. Both the poached Asian pear salad and the calamari were very well prepared. I think the list, although small, had a nice variety and good price points. We will be back. Thanks to all the reviewers to turning me on to this place.
Fabulous meal.  We had a clams/chorizo appetizer which was very good, though not what we were expecting because there was very little chorizo, although tons of clams.  The broth was excellent, though a bit salty for my less salt taste.  4 stars.  We had a "crustless pizza" which consisted of a portabello with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes and arugula which was dressed in a very light dressing which surprised us.  This dish was unique, extremely flavorful.  Amazing.  5 stars.  We had a pear salad and a ceasar.  The pear was tossed lightly in a vinegarette with blue cheese and the caesar had a light caesar dressing...nice and lemony...which we both loved.  5 stars on the salads.  We also got one entree--a steak which was "crusted" with blue cheese.  It was decent, but I should have gone with the fish of the day.  It was an okay cut, but it was sub par compared to everything else we had during this meal.  3 stars on the steak.   Finally we had the frittes (fries) with truffle oil.  They were super crispy and super moist inside.  I have no idea how they did it...but they were amazing.  I love truffle oil, but I'm not sure that most people would.  5 stars.   The service was great, and we would definitely return.
Excellent food. Excellent service. We were a party of 6 and everyone loved their meal. I would go back tomorrow.
We went early, 5:30pm, and ordered the prix fixe menu.  There is a coupon on their web site for a free bottle ot house wine with the prix fixe menu  and we took advantage of this.   The soup was a mushroom bisque that was perfect, wonderful mushroom flavor.  Next was the appetizer, calimari.  My friend liked it, it wasn't disguised enough for me. I had the chicken breast with mashed potatoes and it was delicious.  Friend had the shrimp Fradiavolo and we both agreed that it was too spicy.  The waiter had said it was spicy but he would request it mild for us so be aware if you don't like spicy food.   We both took leftovers home.   The atmosphere is simple, not fancy at all.  the staff was attentive and the food arrived in a timely manner.
We have been there twice.  Nothing special.  There is a restaurant two or three doors east which has much better food at  better price.
Eaten here 5 times and each visit the food and service were excellent. The Chef knows his stuff and the staff do too. The Thai calamari and Hawaii pork quesadilla are both very tasteful appetizers that nicely setup the rest if the meal. The pear salad is very nice and the Caesar was one of the best I have ever had. For entrees we had the pork chop,  shrimp and pasta, and fish of the day which was fresh grilled tripletail, all if which were properly balanced in flavor and nicely presented.  It's hard to get the flavors out of the food and most places don't get that but the chef here is keyed in on the taste. The brownie desert is a tasteful calorie bomb but enjoyable. The individual french press kona is authentic and expensive but worth it if you like good kona (who doesnt), but the tea selection could be improved upon. The desert menu could come up a notch but that is being picky. This is the easiest 5 star review I ever gave. This place is a treat and they know how to execute well. I always leave here impressed and know you will to. Skip those chains for some real food. These guys know what there doing!
The ambiance is fine...locally owned place with a bar and a conscience...all food is sustainable.  However we came during season and they were out of a popular white wine and the fish special.  My husband had the halibut and it was yummy.  I ordered the char and they served me salmon...when I questioned it, the waiter checked with the chef, and I was correct.  I was eating salmon...they were out of char and to make up for it, they bought us dessert.  All in all, the place has potential...menu is good, and it is with a try if you are nearby.
Love this place! Had the rack of lamb and it was one of the best I've ever had. Make sure to have reservations, as they are packed on any night and for good reason.
The truffle fries are great. Ditto the snapper and mussels. Bill came to eighty for two with three glasses of wine. They have a good selection of wines a few I've had before I liked the electric Cabernet. Matthew the bartender was terrific. After getting a drink at the bar, we decided to cancel our reservation because we felt so comfortable and welcome at the bar.
Dinner was absolutely one of the most memorable for the food, the ambiance and service Reserved a table for 7 for last night with friends in FLA did not regret the decision for a minute . Scallops were the best. Put this place on your list of must check out in Naples/Bonita Springs. Great wine list. Sweet potato pie was amazing, like nothing we had ever tasted  anywhere. Only regret was the kitchen was out of the duck and we had heard it is one of the best dishes The restaurant needs a more memorable name since none of us could remember it throughout the night . Only the Global Cuisine part of the name stuck with us.
What a fabulous meal. The appetizers were so interesting we ordered 3 for the two of us. So glad we did. Fried pigs ears ! The food was the quality of a top restaurant anywhere at half the price . Service was great. We will be regulars for sure.
Great place nice menu I had the grill fish and my wife had pork chop both were outrages. Nice atmosphere and the staff was great
Great food - a must visit for all who appreciate great food. Stan
The waiter was extremely nice and every course of our meal was delicious. Many layers of flavors. And we finished the night with Kona French press coffee & chocolate chip bread pudding! Yum!!!
We used a coupon for a free bottle of wine with two prix fixe courses. Food was excellent and abundant. Don't be scared of the prices, just order less. We were 4 and had one appetizer and 2 of the prix fixe dinners. It was enough for us. Great experience.
Triple tail fish and the Kobe New York strip were fantastic! Our waitress Kristi was very knowledgable and gave us wonderful suggestions.
A Gem in Southwest FL! We went for dinner last weekend and will forever be hooked. The food was amazing. We tried a little of everything; Truffle french fries, goat cheese mushroom, scallops, duck quesadillas and beef two ways. It was wonderful! You can tell the chef loves what he does. GO GO GO! You will not be disappointed.
Fantastic Food! Great service! Would recommend to anyone. Very original and delicious. Calamari is best we have ever had. Ox tail, Mahi Mahi and flat iron steak perfect. Brownie with Ice Cream and Sweet Potatoe Pie was to die for!
I really, really enjoy the food here.   I drive up from Naples but it is worth the drive.  Bonita is lucky to have so many great little restaurants. We brought our young son and his food was as high a quality as an adult's entree at most restaurants.  If you are a fan of great food give this place a try.
A foodies dream restaurant for this area.  Loved all three times I visited! The only complaint is the atmosphere.   Would love for them to warm it up with dimmer lighting and art work.
Living in Bonita for the past two years and dining in quite a few restaurants in Bonita and Naples , I have yet to find a restaurant to compare to Table Apart...if you're looking for a place to be seen and a fancy bar this isn't the place but the food and service is exceptional....We   had reservations for 6pm , ordered a bottle of champagne and were surprised that the price was half off with a coupon.. We started with the pork quesadilla, caesar salads, flat iron steak and the red snapper which was a special.....Every time we drove past the restaurant from the beach, I said we should try it, and I'm glad we finally did...You won't be disappointed!!!!
Some of the finest food you will find anywhere! The atmosphere and hard wooden seat still do not take away from the wonderful tastes
Just had the yellowfin snapper--whole fish fried--out of this world! Great place.
What a find!  Will satisfy foodies and non-foodies alike.  Interesting menu, generous portions, all delicious, reasonably priced.
