It's all good! View, service, food : coconut shrimp, grouper sandwich, sweet potato fries, key lime pie, and reasonable prices. We will go back for more. Happy hour specials sound great so well try them soon.
We walked in at 5:55. Happy hour ends at 6:00. We moved seats and ended up sitting at 6:01.  We asked if we could have a happy hr drink and the manager said no it ended at 6:00. Really! We almost walked out because she told us our server' s name was so and so and we said ok we will speak with her. Manager quickly replied "No I am the only one who can approve it" Really!  A fishing boat came in and docked the diesel fuel smell was awful. The fish Tacos were cold!  What a disappointment.  We live in area and have had some ok meals here but tonight the manager needed an attitude check. I don't know if we will go back. Too many other restaurants in area to be frustrated with this type of reception.
This place was really nice. And really busy for a Monday night. The concept works, and the large patio on the water helps. I ordered the fish and chips which were arguably the best I've ever had, and my wife ordered the salmon which she also enjoyed. The only thing that prevented me from giving this place five stars was the prices; just a little too high.
Our vacation kicked off the moment we arrived at Coconut Jacks!  On a perfect Florida day, we were elated to find a place we could sit outside, have lunch and a couple cocktails....i mean,what says vacation more than a drink in the sun looking out over the water? After a couple margaritas and Corona Lights while watching mullet fish jumping out in the bay, we quickly realized we hit the jackpot with this spot. We ordered the conch fritters and the pulled pork nachos to start and our mouths and bellies thanked us graciously. The entire table commented that the pulled pork was like stepping into a BBQ joint and the fritters were so delicately fried, we could still savor the delicious flavor and the accompanying sauce.  3 of us ordered the famous Mahi tacos for lunch and they did NOT disappoint. In fact, they set the bar for fish tacos in my opinion. (don't forget to ask for the homemade mango hot sauce to add a little kick if you like)  The other guy in our party had the grouper sandwich (crunchy with panco and corn flake breading) and he was really impressed. (the sandwich was huge and he ended up bringing it home and having it for lunch the next day....and still loved it then).  The service was good too, we didn't feel rushed but also felt very tended to which is a hard balance in the restaurant world. Long story short, we were so pleased with our lunch, we ended up coming back to Coconut Jacks for dinner that same night. Doesn't that say it all?
Went to Coconut Jack's for their early bird 2 for $25 deal. It included an appetizer to split and an entree for two. You could also get a salad or a dessert instead of an appetizer. This is served to 6 o'clock and there is a limited number of choices and the entrees are not full size. There is valet parking and the restaurant is situated on the water. There is a place to eat under a thatched roof but since Debby was visiting us with lots of rain that was not an option. We had a large table by the window overlooking the water. The pier was actually almost under water since it continued to rain heavily. We had drinks which were also Happy Hour prices till 6. It was a really nice atmosphere. They were a little busy but our waitress was very attentive. Our food  arrived in a timely manner and she was available for requests for needed utensils, more drinks, etc. The 2/$25 menu is not on their website. There were several choices which included seafood, beef and pasta. We chose the shrimp bbq dish which was good. The macaroni and cheese was a good choice also. Everyone seemed to be pleased with their selection. I was a little disappointed in the size of the main dishes and there were no leftovers so be aware if you go for this deal and are a hearty eater. It was enough for me but I was not totally full as I normally am when I leave a restaurant. But I will return as I loved the location and atmosphere.
Excellent mahi mahi tacos. Get them blackened and use the homemade mango bango sauce. We even bought a bottle to take home! The homemade key lime pie was delicious. Extremely fast service. The mojitos were excellent too
Drove to Cocunut Jacks and my son fell a sleep so we ordered takeout from the bar. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The restaurant offers free valet parking and inside the decor was a cool, wooden tiki hut feel with most tables having a view of Fish Trap Bay. The Cocunut Shrimp was very good on the way back to The Pink Shell, the jerk chicken was excellent 20 minutes later and I can only imagine enjoying it in Cocunut Jacks. The Cocunut cream pie was delicious! I would definitely eat here again and enjoy the scene.
I had high expectations that were let down as soon as we were led to our table on the deck. The tables are so close together, it's hard to get to your seat, and my waiter couldn't even serve, he had to pass all the food and drinks down from the head of the table. It is very apparent this establishment puts money over customer service, comfort and food quality. It took well over an hour to receive poorly cooked cold food. I had the fish tacos, which were bland at best, served with sour beans and rice. The liquid from the beans soaked one of my tacos, too:( My husband had the shrimp basket, soggy breading, and cold fries. I let them know the beans were sour and they comped my whole dinner, which was very nice. The cocktails were tasty, but very weak and overpriced. With so many tables, it is impossible to enjoy the view here. If they took half the tables out, concentrated on serving the food hot and fresh, this place might be able to get some repeat business.
Dinner on the outdoor covered porch overlooking the water. Friendly wait staff, a happy hour with energy, great location all made up for the average food. Our party of 4 would return.
Love this place !!!!!!!! Service was great. Our waitress was Jen, she was fun, friendly and very attentive. I had the Mahi Tacos, best fish tacos I have ever had. The atmosphere is great the music was nice   Not too loud,  you can still carry on a conversation.  Loved the whole experience. Will be back soon.
Good food. Great seating out on the water.
Had lunch there yesterday with my family before heading back to the DC area. It's always a favorite of mine when I visit my folks and sister. Had the house salad with blackened grouper and it was fabulous. All ingredients were fresh. My hubby had the salmon BLT and he loved it. My folks had the grouper ruben, I wouldn't be surprised if they sneak back for another one today! Service was excellent and friendly (Jessica from Naples.)
Just had a drink and dessert there. The chocolate lava cake was very good. My key lime martini was also good if weak. The view is amazing. We sat outside and watched fish jumping out of the water. Great outdoor ambience. However, asked the server for bug spray because I was being bitten and he said "nothing is biting you out here". Finally, asked the hostess and they were kind enough to bring me some Off. My boyfriend and I are still scratching the 20 bug bites each we got from sitting outside. If you plan on going and sitting outside make sure you spray yourself down before coming in.
Great addition to Bonita. Perfect Florida feeling type place, laid back, casual but  nice. What the fish house across the street should be if they would only put some $$ into the run down place ( the fish house ) . Coconut jacks has great service, the food is average ...good homemade soups , and good causal pub type food. The fish tacos need a bit more salsa but overall good. They need a few healthy items for app's such as seared tuna....but overall this is a great low key experience. They know how to,run a service oriented business. Bonita needs more restaurants on the water....great idea.
Have been here several times over the past couple years and it is a favorite for oysters on the half shell.and a fresh mojita on the way back from the beach. Typically better value than The Fish House right down the street.  Tried it for dinner tonight and found our waiter to be rude, inattentive, and condesending.  Watched him joke around with other servers while we waited for basics like water and to have a drink order taken. Entrees were ok....not fantastic.  The "scallop basket" contained 4 small sea scallops that, however having been grilled, were cold when delivered and placed  on top of a basket of cold and soggy sweet potato fries. The ceviche serving was small (compared to other restaurants) and served with tortilla chips (huh?) and stale crustini type bread.  I will continue to recommend Coconut Jacks as a place to stop by for oysters on the way back from the beach but I'd say stay away for dinner.
On our recent vacation, my husband and I went to Coconut Jack's for a nice dinner. We sat out on the deck area. Dinner was very good, even though I am not a huge seafood person - my husband is, and he enjoyed the seafood. We had dinner and dessert. Upon paying the bill, the waiter dropped our credit card directly through the slots in the deck into the water. There was no recovering it. This was the only credit card my husband had which also was his debit card. Luckily, I had one on me. The restaurant only offered to pick up the price of our dessert. And the remaining time on vacation, on the way home, and for a week after we got home - we had to struggle with one debit card. It was quite a bit of aggravation caused for only a free shared slice of keylime cheesecake. I am disappointed that the restaurant did not just pay for our dinner as it was a pretty big oops on their part.
Friends recommended this restaurant to us. Ambience was great, a good atmosphere, and the outside lenai overlooking the water was a nice touch. Food was great, I had an angus burger, nice and juicy. We will go back again!
Went and grabbed late lunch on Sunday---about 3.  First time here.  Server was great and food just as good with one exception.  We had the Tequila Rockefeller Oysters.  Very different and way good rendition of oyster classic.  Coconut shrimp--very good.  Order the appetizer portion rather than the basket.  The appetizer has just as many shrimp as the basket and came with a deep fried taco shell vs the fries with the basket.  Sav e your self +$3 with the appetizer portion for theswe very good shrimp.  One thing not to order is the Taco Salad---my daughter ordered it as she had enough fish in past few days and wanted something other than sea creatures.  I advised her not to order a taco salad in a seafood restaurant, but what can you say?  Taco salad meat was "crispy bits of overdone spiced ground beef" and the salad had a topping of literally a 12 oz bag of Kraft Jack and Cheddar Cheese mix.  So forget the taco salad and go with the Oysters, Coconut Shrimp and the other seafood delights and you wont be disappointed.
Sitting at the dock of the Florida mangrove.  Pleasant views in a tiki hut like atmosphere.  In no way were we out of place dressed in our beach best.  As long as you are clothed they will let you in.  Sand, shells and bathing suits welcome!   Enjoyed the mahi tacos with their restaurants own hot sauce.  Coconut maragarita that the waitress recommended needed a whole lot more liquor and a little less green dye syrup. Stop by barefoot beach which is directly across the street!!!!
the best two things about this restaurant is the setting and the hot sauce. Make sure you sit outside in the covered patio overlooking the water. I was there during sunset and the setting could not have been more perfect. I travel a lot for work and try to find the hidden gems in every town I go to-and was very happy to visit this one-given the great reviews. We ordered the mahi mahi tacos with the special hot sauce. As a lover of spice (I grew up with my mom's Mexican food) it was definitely not the hot sauce I grew up with. This special hot sauce was sweet but delicious nonetheless. It is what made the tacos delicious. We also ordered the coconut shrimp basket, which tasted like...well coconut shrimp. As far as the cocktails go, they have a list of dessert cocktails that make you feel like you're cheating and eating dessert first. I ordered the tiramisu and the key lime pie. They were a little too sweet for my taste, particularly the tiramisu one. Our server was very friendly. I would definitely recommend this place. If only for what I said earlier: you can't beat the scenery And the hot sauce was pretty good too.
July 10, 2014 We were looking for a seafood joint with outside seating and Yelp helped us find this place. We pulled up to the front door and the valet popped out of nowhere. We surrendered the car to him and in we went. To our surprise, the view from the porch dining room was of the back bay with smooth water and fish jumping and it was delightful. Our server was a fellow who knew his menu and told us all about it. We ordered a mojito and a Pinot noir then proceeded to take in the whole place. This open air section had every high-tech screen system known...no bugs, no skeeters, no problem. Clam chowder, scallops, lightly blackened with the optional veges was my choice and my date had fish tacos with beans and rice. Excellent even if my jumbo scallops were not quite so jumbo. We'll be back for certain! It was a great "find" for us and will be for you too.
Our second visit to the Naples area and we wanted to experience as many " highly recommended " restaurants as possible . Went to Coconut Jacks for happy hour - the heavily staffed employees tripped over each other to serve us and sat us in the bar area. When we saw the beautiful view we asked if we could enjoy the happy hour specials at an outdoor table nearer to the water . They said yes ( the last yes we got !) Then the rules started - no happy hour drinks, well they could serve us one of the happy appetizers but would have to charge us full price- well ok it sounded good so we said ok. After devouring the amazing boom boom shrimp we asked to order another item from the " happy Hour" menu dulling to pay full price and was told flat out NO. Really??? We paid our bill and left .
All I can say is disappointed. I know I should have written good reviews when I was happy about this place but tonight I'm disappointed into typing. Prices for everything have been raised and I was on the fence before this. So sad.
I had the special tonight, prawns wrapped in bacon, splashed in an awsome cream sauce. Awsome! I also enjoyed the $2 draft,$3.75 wine . Happy hour special drinks  from 3-6.
My husband and I have been staying in Bonita Springs for our honeymoon. This was the first place we stopped at to get something to eat and drink. Everything was amazing! My husband had the grouper sandwich, I had the fish and chips and it was delicious. The drinks were great too. We went back the next two days also and had some apps from the happy hour menu. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. I recommend Coconut Jack's to everyone! It is great!
All this place was missing was live music outside! The reviews are right, everything is delicious. I had the coconut shrimp basket...perfectly made and the fries were so good I didn't pass them up even after I was extremely full. Everyone else I was with had the grouper tacos...yum! Glad they let me taste haha. Grouper is definitely one of their specialties. The frozen margaritas were great too. But by far the dish that would get me back: the key lime pie! I'm a huge pie fan in general and this one was probably the best I've had?! Perfectly tangy but that whip cream though...I've never wanted a bowl of whip cream til now. Overall, it's a great cozy restaurant with beautiful outdoor (screened heck yes) seating where you get a lovely view of the river. Best restaurant around these parts!
This place was a nice find, we found ourselves in the area for the night and decided to give coconut jacks a shot.. We split the seafood trio, shrimp, scallops and grouper and had a nice time.. Complimentary valet was a nice touch tooo.. However, bring a couple bucks for tip.. Don't get caught with no cash like I did.. Lol Regardless, I found a way to get a couple bucks to the valet guys
We had our first honeymoon meal here and it was so yummy! Their customer service was unbelievable. From the fast service, servers teaming together to help each other, and the complimentary valet running to get our car when he saw we were walking out. Rock stars.
Great food and view! They make different drink specials frequently-we had delicious (a little sweeter than I was expecting) key lime mojitos. They catch their own grouper fresh at the bay. Overlooks a beautiful bay view. Coconut shrimp was great-slightly sweet, good crunch. Try their mango habanero sauce they make-sweeter than it is spicy. The seafood trio was delectable-blackened shrimp, scallops, and grouper, oh my! A little pricey, made for a fantastic last night out Friday dinner. Niece had a virgin piña colada and a decent meal of fish and fries. Everything was yummy and we all had a good time at coconut jacks! (Side note, the coconut jack sign hanging at the outside bay dining area is made all out of bottle caps. Very impressive!)
Was in town for just a day and wanted a taste of the local flavor. And mostly just wanted some good seafood since I'm from a landlocked state and don't get good seafood very often. (I like Red Lobster, but it's not quite the same) We stopped in after lunch time and before the early dinner rush (which is definitely something that happens in Florida....), so the place was not busy at all. We got a pretty sweet table in the outdoor section which is right on the water. Our waitress was extremely nice and very helpful with all of the questions we had. I ordered their mahi tacos that almost every single person on Yelp said to get, and I gotta admit, they were pretty good. I pretty much devoured them. My husband ordered the fish and chips and he was equally pleased with his. They also serve Mexican Coke in glass bottles, which is fun and different. And of course we had to get one of those. The prices were pretty decent. And we spent a little more than we usually would have since we were on vacation. We left feeling full but not uncomfortable. The complimentary valet parking was also unexpected but not unpleasant. It made me feel pretty swanky, actually. Definitely worth a try if you're in the area!
The service is impeccable. Ask for Josh. The food was by far more than great. My brother got there crab special for one, and my whole family agreed that it was the best crab we've ever tasted. & The French fries are amazing! The atmosphere is very kid friendly, I suggest eating outside by the water. I'm just amazed by it all!
On vacation there with the family. Food was excellent! I had the tuna and it was very fresh and delicious. The service was excellent, Linda was our waitress and she was so attentive, charming and efficient. Wine was fresh and they had a good selection. Finally, the view is stunning! Definitely will return next time we're in town.
First restaurant my wife and I went to when we got here for our honeymoon and can't wait to get back. Food is delicious and the service is top notch. I highly suggest the blackened grouper sandwich. Try this place out.
Very fresh , big portions, very friendly servers! The best!!! The grouper sandwich was so fresh , so much fish! Taco salad so much flavor , grouper tacos , fresh refreshing ! Fast friendly servers
Ended our vacation on a great note. Outdoor seating with a beautiful water view. Service was top notch and very well organized. Our waiter was also very friendly and helpful. I sampled the lobster & shrimp ceviche which was fresh and delicious...like a seafood salsa. The mahi tacos were fabulous. Others ordered blackened scallops basket, lobster crab stuffed grouper, and stuffed lobsters which were also excellent. Mashed potatoes were also said to be an excellent side dish. My boyfriend bought a fun tshirt as a great takeaway. Overall, a solid place for dinner with great atmosphere.
We've been vacationing in Bonita Springs for three years and this was the first time we came here. The cumulative reviews score wasn't very high, so we never ate here. This year the score is up to four stars and there were more positive reviews, so we gave it a shot. Man are we glad we did! First of all, our waitress (Dawn) was absolutely wonderful! Everyone's food was delicious.  Fish tacos were great (grouper and mahi mahi both). Grouper reuben was fantastic. Clam chowder was magical. This will be one of our annual vacation restaurants!
Great meal and great location with a view of the water. Stopped here for lunch with my husband and another couple on our road trip to the  Florida' west coast. My husband and his friend both had the fried oysters with french fries. Both were very happy with the meal and my husband loved it! He said it was cooked perfectly and was very tasty. I had the special Mahi Mahi fish tacos with a side of rice and beans. Delicious! One other person had a special, a grouper burger. The fish in both meals was cooked to perfection with a nice blend of flavors and in nice-sized portions. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends.
I have been back many times since my first review.  I still love the location, the view, the jumping fish at sundown and the choices for seating, but I am having trouble with the food if I don't order shrimp.   I had bassa once and it was soft and tasteless.  The calamari has no tentacles. And last night when my husband ordered medium steak they served the rarest steak I have ever see. He would never send anything back, and it is disruptive, so he ate the edges and took it home.  I had salmon which the waiter described as spicy, but was very mild and slightly sweet. The staff is still friendly and fun and well trained, except in judging spicy.
Great friendly service, Niel was the perfect amount of friendly and sarcasm to make himself approachable. They open fairly late for a none food chain restaurant, which was nice, as well as easy to sit a party of 8 with no wait. The food: grouper tacos were awesome, and the key lime pie was perfection, I also had a delicious margarita. We went at night so the view wasn't noticeable, but the outside area was still nice to enjoy. Over all it was a great experience.
Had grilled scallops. Delicious. Good service and great view if the water. We'll be back.
We Stopped in for lunch.  The menu is more towards dinner.  But we still loved our food.  I got the Fuji fruit salad it had a ton a fresh fruit.  We can't wait to go back and try some seafood dishes for dinner.  Very nice view of the bay.  My son even went out and go to see all the catfish there are hundreds of them.  Now he can't wait to go back.
Was looking to experience some fresh Gulf seafood. Got some of that, but had some serious issues. Drove up to the place and greatly appreciated the complimentary valet service. It's easy to see why they would need it because their parking lot is cramped and considering the southwest Florida near the beaches tends to cater to the old and the tourists, definitely a must for the owner. Drink: My date and I had a bloody mary and some fruity drink (don't recall what, so I'll ignore that). Even though the bloody mary was billed as house-made, I had disappointed. The drink was watery, not salty enough, and not spicy enough either. They seem to serve their house hot-sauce at every table, but "hot" sauce seems a misnomer here. Although delicious, it's based heavily on mango with just a bit a chili. Even the date enjoyed the sauce, but certainly not something I could use to correct the bloody mary. Further, the stalk of celery they stuck in the bloody mary seemed a bit past its prime. Finally, the drink was a little stiff (or the vodka poor) and you could really taste the liquor in it (not to good effect). Peel & eat shrimp: ordered them cold (hot also available). The shrimp were fresh enough (locally caught), but would have enjoyed them to have a little seasoning. Cocktail cause was pretty good. Blackened grouper sandwich: Great. Prepared to the level of satisfaction that should be easy in this part of Florida. Fish tacos: Disappointing. The tortillas, by the time my date got to the 2nd and 3rd tacos, were very soggy. The problem seemed to originate from the slaw-like topping within. As to flavor, we both agreed that they seemed... bland. The fish was nice and fresh, but the tacos were surprisingly bland, even to a place in southwest Florida. Service: Below average, if not very much so. At one point we received a dirty plate for the appetizers. We sent that dirty plate back with the man who delivered the appetizer, but he failed to return with a clean one. At that point, not only did our server disappear for at least 10 (if not 15) minutes, but we had great difficulty flagging anyone down for that time as well. This was unfortunate, as, at times, we felt suffocated by the number of employees checking in on us. Aesthetics: A great location with a wonderful view of the water. Building itself a bit kitschy, but I would expect that in this location and do not mind. Price: A bit of a spend, especially for the quality and service. Between two drinks at $7.90, a peel and eat shrimp appetizer, and two sandwiches, I believe I spent (pre-tip), slightly over $60. Summary: Would not return and would not recommend.
Food is good. Pulled pork sandwich is great as are the ribs, though they specialize in fish. Great atmosphere and nice to sit outside. Quick service and fun drinks.
Coconut Jack's is a very popular spot but seems to have the room to seat just about everyone who they fit in the complimentary valet parking without much of a wait. We've eaten here a number of times and have always enjoyed the food. One minor exception was the fish tacos I opted for one night but I think the main issue is that I prefer my fish tacos just like my regular tacos - with some shredded cheese and lettuce. -not the way fish tacos are traditionally made. - as they are here. The bar area is a nice place to grab a drink or two and meet a friendly local or out-of-towner. Everyone seems to be I a good relaxed vacation mood here - and the wait-service is knowledgeable and friendly.
I had the blackened scallop basket and it was fabulous.  It came with cocktail and tartar sauce, both really good tasting.  One way I can tell a restaurant is worth it, is the coleslaw and it had a delicious flavor.  The fries were very crunchy and full of flavor.  We decided to have key lime pie and it was perfect.   My parents had a grouper sandwich and mahi mahi tacos with the home made hot sauce.  They only had great things to say about their meals.
I am just finishing my meal here at Coconut Jacks, and while the food was good, there are some MAJOR areas that need improvement. This restaurant is NOT SUITABLE FOR VEGETARIANS. We called ahead to see if a vegetarian member of our party could be accommodated because there is literally nothin vegetarian on the menu. Even the black beans as a side contain bacon. We were told hey could make something, but when we were already seated the only option was substituting sautéed vegetables in the mahi tacos. They were passable at best. When we received the bill, we were charged the full price of the fish tacos, with no break in price (even when we asked). Way to kick a vegetarian when were down. Atmosphere here is great, but they are NOT accommodating to any dietary restrictions. Will not be returning because despite the rest of the food being decent, I've been left with a bad taste in my mouth.
Came here for dinner, the service was horrible, we were waiting for order for quite some time. Key lime pie cocktail was good. Ordered cup of clam chowder and it was more like a shot of clam chowder, tiny portion for the price and way too creamy. Also had the scallop basket, for $15 only had like 4 tiny scallops and mostly just fries. The fries were tasty but the portion size was definitely not worth the price compared to other places nearby! This place is a ripoff and tourist trap!
Driving by and seen a full parking lot.  Turned around and glad we did.   Free valet parking, great atmosphere and food and drinks were phenomenal. Service was also top notch.   Definitely recommend.
Took a group of 16 business folks here for lunch and had a great time. Wonderful outdoor area protected by plastic sides gave a sunny look at a remote stretch of water on the side of the key opposite the Gulf side. Food was better than standard fried and grilled fish...everyone said their respective meals was perfect so we considered it a succesful business lunch. We will go back! BTW: This place is heavy on the tourist trade but they were not imposing!
Great happy hour drink prices. Three in our party ordered the coconut shrimp. Two of them told our server that the shrimp was 'mushy'; the server offered to have their meals remade but it was evident that these were not gulf shrimp (maybe even previously frozen) so they decided against it.  A manager never came over and all the server offered at the end was some sort of discount card (buy "X" number of lunches get one free type-of-thing).  It was very evident that we were visitors and would not take advantage of the card, nor did those that complained have any desire to return anyway. I had the grilled grouper sandwich.  It was OK but not fantastic.  Other reviewers have mentioned how great the fries are - I would compare them to Arby's - basically have a coating and/or double-fried.  Again, not deserving of the rave reviews. I will say that their mango bango sauce is very tasty. I would only recommend Coconut Jack's for people wanting to take advantage of happy hour.  It is a nice setting (water view), good atmosphere, and the staff is enthusiastic.   There is a lot of competition around with better food and better prices. I really do not understand valet service when the restaurant has a parking lot right there.  You need to tip someone to park your car 4 spots down from the door.  When you can point to your car when they ask which car is yours it seems a little ridiculous. (Maybe I would feel differently if I was there during a rainstorm.)
Very nice patio area to sit outside and enjoy the river view.  The food was good, our party had a huge variety of the menu and we liked it all.  Prices are good and atmosphere was fun.  Would definitely go back.
Awesome! Some what spendy, but worth it.  A delicious mojito too!
Service was very friendly and we went with two small children. The atmosphere was great and very nice outdoor patio where we dined. Food was really good, I had coconut shrimp which came with a really tasty sauce. Piña coladas were great!
Excellent service. We were seated right by the water. We had the oysters, stuffed grouper, shrimp cocktail, and key lime pie for dessert. We ordered sucker punch and key lime colada to wash it all down. It was delicious from start to finish. Being on the water you can take your boat there if you don't want to be on the road. Definitely a place we'd return to when we're back in town
Cute casual place on the water. Food was good not necessarily great but view compensates for that. Service can be spotty. It's a place to go for a few drinks, relax and enjoy.  Overall great for what it is.   If they notched up service and improved food a little it could be great. Good for groups, kid friendly and they have a few tables outside on the water that are very romantic.
Great choice to stop at this place for dinner. Prompt and friendly service from the time I pulled up until the time I left the lot. Had the fish tacos which were great, especially with the house special hot sauce. Kick back and relax on their screened in porch overlooking the water.
Great seafood appetizers, and the guacamole burger is recommended! I also, for some reason, loved Coconut Jack's french fries more than I have loved any standard french fries. I couldn't get enough of them! They had some sort of extra batter coating them, making them somewhat crunchy with lots of flavor and texture. But the reason I'm writing this review is to give a shout-out to Sheila, who was an engaging and good humored server that we enjoyed conversation with during our time there. Go Sheila! Also, the waterfront views really are fantastic. We were the only people on the back deck for some reason, around 2pm. It was the off-season; I guess it is crowded at all times during other months.
Always a favorite!  The food is outstanding.  Great mix of styles.  Grouper sandwich is huge and always tasty. Scallops are big and fish tacos are filling.  Service is awesome the staff and servers are friendly and will serve to make your order the way you want it.  Valet parking is nice but not necessary.  Prices are decent but some entrees are on the high side $. I recommend Coconut Jack's as a great place with a great view and relaxing atmosphere...and of course great food! Update: 9/6/2013. Back again and of course 2 more visits to Coconut Jack's. never disappointed...the Grouper Tacos were awesome, the view and the atmosphere great.  During dinner we had the rare opportunity to witness a water spout that had come up in the gulf.  Everyone headed outside to view it.  The staff and guest were having fun.  Great time!  Shout out to Taylor Smith who was out server, great service and awesome food.
Having been before, I knew I wanted Coconut shrimp.  You are crazy not to try these.  I love the sauces that come with it.  (raspberry and mango) This time I ordered Stone Crab which I love.   The order included 4 good size claws and l like the key lime mustard sauce they serve with it.  It can be a challenge to get the meat out, but the claw is already cracked.  I would suggest serving the rice and veggies in a separate bowl or plate because as I was opening the claw small pieces of shell would fall into my rice and I couldn't see them.  Of course, I ate the small pieces of shell and then had to spit them out! Dessert was great. I had the coconut sorbet, and I also tried the key lime pie that my aunt ordered.  Key Lime pie was good - though I'm not much of an expert - but the sorbet, served in coconut shell was really good.
Great food, great service-casual atmosphere that is nicely done. Great place for family's as well!
Delicious grouper sandwich - grilled to perfection.  My Uncle had the pulled pork sandwich and loved it also.  Ice cold beer, a handful of good kid options too.  Great lunch spot.  Great, friendly service and wonderful views.  Highly recommended.
Great place to eat, lunch or dinner, with friends, family or even with business colleagues. Good food at a very reasonable price, with a nice view of the intracoastal waters I guess you would call it.
The view and alone and dining outside in beautiful weather (not a breeze tonight, not too warm = PERFECT) beside the schools of catfish are worth 5 stars. Great food and fantastic service topped off our first Bonita Springs dining experience and we would anxiously go back the next time we are in town. The drink of the day cocktail was really good, the beer was perfectly chilled. The clam chowder was praised by our server and I obliged - it really was delicious and served hot, how I like it. Lots of clams in the cup. Calamari - a 5 star, my husband gives it a 4. I thought it was perfect but hubby likes things a bit crispier in general. Hubby also got the ultimate feast which he gobbled up - normally he is better at sharing, lol. It comes with blackened grouper, scallops which were to die for, shrimp (which I somehow got none of). The rice that accompanied it was good as was the veg which was a medley of zucchini (yellow and green) and carrots. I thought his fish lacked a but of seasoning but that is personal preference and there is salt and pepper on the table if you happen to go and agree with me. I had the special, which was a stuffed lobster. (whole) Wow, I could not even touch my veg and rice, the protein was enough and so delicious coming from land locked Calgary. My lobster was at least 1 1/2 lbs with claws on, the whole thing. Succulent. The entire night was a real treat and I am so glad I found it on my way home from the beach today. The locals sitting around us were so nice also - just a friendly, casual, happy place to be. The only downfall was dessert, something we do not normally order anyways but hubby wanted to try the key lime pie since we were in Florida after all and it fell down. Not at all tart, not green enough to know what it was, whipped cream was not real and it was not enjoyable, Supposed to be made in house, this I doubt? The rest was a 5 star experience and we will not forget it! Fave thing - the view/ambiance. Not too crowded. Monday nights are a great time to go and you are missing out if you do not sit by the fish with the underwater lights showcasing them!
Had to try Coconut Jacks while in the area. Arrived during rush hour and the wait was only 20 minutes. Complimentary valet is pretty nice also. Grabbed a couple of drinks at the bar. Well mixed, fast, and refreshing. The atmosphere is that of a dive, and if the weather is right and wait isn't long, you should definitely ask to sit outside. The patio overlooks the waterfront and the view is fantastic. Ordered the Lobster & Crab Cakes. Was extremely surprised when she showed up with 2 tiny patties (about the size of the bottom of a rocks glass) for $13. They were okay, but by no means were they worth the price for the quality and quantity. For entrees we got the coconut shrimp basket and the mahi tacos. Both were delicious. The tacos were well balanced, fish was cooked well, and everything tasted fresh. The coconut shrimp were breaded just right, with a side of battered fries that could have only been made better with cheese and bacon. Their take on dipping sauce for the shrimp was unique, but delicious. The service was polite and efficient even with the restaurant packed. Overall I would definitely recommend this to be a stop for dinner. If not for the crab cakes it is easily a 5 star spot.
Great atmosphere - very upbeat. We had a group of 13 with 6 kids. Everyone enjoyed it. We had Blue Fin Tuna, Ribs, Stuffed Grouper, kids chicken, and kids fried PB&J. All of it was great. Kids LOVED the fried PB&J. 1st time having blue fin tuna - I thought that it lacked any taste, but I've never had it so that might be normal. The stuffed Grouper was great. BBQ ribs were great too - a little spicy so beware. It was my 7 year old sons birthday and they brought him out a piece of chocolate cake. He loved it. VERY chocolatey. Waitress was great. Very attentive.
Had a great meal here recently with a party of 6. A wide range of choices satisfied everyone. The Shrimp & Scallop Fettuccine was fabulous. My son loved the ribs, and other son had a great fish & chips basket. The homemade Key Lime Pie is to kill for!
I think Coconut Jack's is one of those places you are "supposed" to like -- everyone says it is the place to go. Perhaps my expectations were too high. The atmosphere was fun and the waiter helpful -- and yet something was missing for me. For the price, the coconut shrimp basket seemed on the skimpy side. Fries were fine, but the shrimp lacked coconut flavor and the dipping sauce was way too sweet for my taste.   Our party of four shared two desserts: coconut sorbet and key lime pie. Both were attractively served on large oblong plates.  Sweet way to end the meal.   Coconut Jack's was not a bad experience, but doubt if we will give it repeat business.
This place is great!  I love the set up!  Its loud and fun on the inside, and the outside seating area is one of the best in Bonita.   The service...  Fast, almost rushed, but not too bad.  The server... my server was badass!  This guy, and I forgot his name (really cool bald dude) rattled off a lengthy list of specials, and menu items like a champ!  I was seriously amazed at how he was able to memorize what he told our table.  This guy was a rock star of a server! We arrived at CJ's just a few minutes before happy hour ended.  Rather than get one drink at happy hour prices, my rock star server offered to order 2 drinks per person now and bring them out as we drank.  This would allow us to receive 2 drinks at a dirt cheap happy hour price!  If you don't already know, its the little things that wins business in this industry. Food...  Pretty darn good.  I had the blue fin tuna which was served with mashed potatoes, and a lemony sauce.  Different as I'm used to more of an Asian inspired flavor with a seared tuna, but the dish was very good.  My mom, who eats like a 10 year old  ordered the shrimp basket.  Let me tell you this... if you want fried shrimp, CJ's is the place to go because their breading is awesome. It's not all breading and small little shrimp (redundant I know).  It was little breading and big shrimp (oxymoron I know).  Good stuff all around!   Atmosphere...  First off this place can be romantic for that couple who wants a dinner on the water, fun for the big group of folks wanting to laugh and hoop it up, and excellent for the vacationing family!  They even have a gift shop chock full of stuff to buy for the kiddos!  Yeah!   The kicker with the sphere here is the outside area.  WOW!  If you want to sit on the water, you are literally sitting on the water.  The seating area is a dock nestled in a little cove on the waterway.  It's a beautiful view, especially during sunset (your sunset is blocked by the building and mangroves BTW).  I can't really explain how great the experience was, but it did involve 3 dolphins swimming around the little cove we were in.  Dolphins at dinner?  Who doesn't like that!? Go to Coconut Jack's!  It's in Bonita Springs, right by Master ____ and Tackle, and the whole Barefoot Beach area. PS. Pricing isn't too bad either for a nice place like this on the water!
The lil lady and I were in the area for an anniversary. Went to CJs on the recommendation of some friends. The place offers (or did the week we were there) two weekday nights of lobster mania and we caught one of the nights. Outstanding. Just a very good meal at a decent price and the venue itself was delightful. Friends came through on the recommendation and I have no problem whatsoever extending the recommendation. Coconut Jack's was a pleasure. Enjoy!!!
A-OK, Yay! I'm a fan, A-OK, Yay! I'm a fan, hmmmm... I will make the leap and go for four stars on this one. Jack's is really a great casual place. The outside space is wonderful, the service is good, and in general there is a good vibe going on at the place. The menu has a wide variety of choices to make anyone happy and the food is good. The New England clam chowder is great! The downside? My Mambo Mahi Tacos came out wet. They tasted great but someone failed to drain something properly before putting them together. A little detail like this makes me want to drop a star. The Voodoo wings are good but voodoo death? I do not think they understand what hot hot hot should be. At least drop the death comment off the description. Finally, the website is terrible. Please, if any restaurant is listening out there including Coconut Jack's -- make the menu easily accessible and preferably in PDF form. Arrows to navigate small pages to and fro? You have got to be kidding me! With all the above said it gets four stars because I will definitely go back the next time around. The thing is with a little more effort this could be a five star casual destination.
Coconut Jack's is an okay play to go and hang out with your friends or family by a little strip of water and plenty of outdoor lanai seating. The menu is nothing special, and the food will neither disappoint nor excite you. I think most people go here because of the nice environment. I'm not sure I'd wait for an hour for a table anywhere; but I certainly wouldn't do it here. The service is variable, depending upon who you get and how harried they are. We waited nearly 10 minutes for someone to come and take a drinks order. But after that, service was attentive and timely. Coconut Jack's is a step above many places like this in this area (especially Doc's up the street). And the prices are reasonable, with complimentary valet parking (which they really have no choice about because the parking lot is twice as small as it should be for the restaurant's seating capacity). I'd give it 2 1/2 stars, but rounded up because overall, it's good food in a nice setting.
Pleasantly surprised.  I would give it 3.5 stars if I could.  It's not going to be spectacular, it's touristy, overpriced, but it serves it's purpose wonderfully.   Good seating with water views, great service (almost too nice if that's possible) and better than average food.  They can make a really great mojito and have better beer list than expected.   The valet parking is a little odd, but it works.  Went around 745 and got a table right away.  Would happily return when looking for casual joint.
Great view of Everglades mangroves on the water. Drinks and food are priced well. Not a vast menu, but the items we ordered were tasty (peel and eat shrimp, taco salad, grouper sandwich and coconut pie). Food comes out under 10 min which is questionably quick. If you're not in a hurry, let them know from the beginning so you don't feel rushed. Coconut cream pie was very good.
The name of the game at Coconut Jack's is efficiency.  They park your car, get you seated, take your entree, bring your food and get you back in the car before you really know what happened.  If you want a nice, paced, romantic dinner, this is not the place for you.  You want to bring the kids for a fun place and be back by 7, Coconut Jack's is perfect. On our 5 day trip to Fort Myers Beach, we ate at Coconut Jack's 2 times.  Surrounded by a number of lackluster, poor service restaurants in the area, Coconut Jack's stood out for its food and efficiency.  Also, you can eat inside, out on the deck or outside under cover. Now I've never been one to eat fish tacos...just the name "fish tacos" sounds like something that you might get at a bad Mexican place, but the Mahi Mahi tacos with their special sauce are phenomenal.  Get them!  Fish taco, fish taco, fish taco!  There, I said it.   Coconut shrimp was really excellent also.  Good amount of breading and nice with your gin and tonic or margarita.  The salad with the fruit was also decent. We highly recommend Coconut Jack's for a fun place to eat with a group with or without kids for a reasonable price.  Just pace yourself, or you will be back in your car before you can say "fish taco."
I've been here twice now and each time the food was very good and with enough twist to distinguish it from all the waterfront places on Fort Myers and Bonita Beach barrier islands. This place is owned by the same people that own Parrot Key and I believe they have this in mind as a destination for all the boats day tripping from Salty Sam's Marina.   I believe that this place is improving each month in preparation for "Season".  It is a smart way to open a business here for a mis-step once the crowds arrive is hard to overcome.  I truly wish them well.  It is needed here and much more appropriate to my mind than Vincenzo's.
This is a fun & festive Florida-y restaurant in a great location. Close to Barefoot Beach and right on the water. It's a big place and it is popular - we had to wait for a table but not for too long. Casual atmosphere. Live music. The food was decent ... I had a grouper sandwich. I ordered it blackened and they brought me bbq instead. I didn't send it back - didn't feel like waiting.  The french fries were good - coated in a batter. My key lime colada was quite tasty. This place was pretty touristy, but when you are on vacation ...
Wonderful salads. Also ordered the grouper tacos and did not disappoint. Will surely be dreaming about it. Our server was courteous and friendly.
LOVE IT! Fabulous atmosphere, great food, wonderful service! 5 stars for casual waterside dining!
I really enjoyed Coconut Jacks!  We sat on the outdoor seating, over looking the water, which is a really nice relaxing atmosphere.   I had the crunchy fried grouper sandwich.  It was amazing!  Not greasy, but a nice light panko breading.  We all had cocktails, which were great as well. Everyone else at my table was very happy with their meals as well. Make sure to try their mango hot sauce.  I am not a huge fan of hot sauce in general but this was really great.   Overall I would definitely go back.
Ambience is very good...nice seating outside either covered or not.  Service was very friendly.  Food is so-so.  Fried shrimp were very good and I would recommend those.  Fried oysters were average...fish tacos were average.  Not bad...but not standout type food.  Great atmosphere though!
The food is good, the location and atmosphere are great. The service is fantastic for as crowded as this place gets during the season. Only complaint is that the prices aren't exactly in line with the food expectations but we still return every year.
Quite possibly the worst dinner experience my family has ever had.... The one and only good thing: we were seated within 30 minutes. 1.) waited 20 minutes for a waiter to acknowledge we were there. 2.) Reasonably okay until after the appetizer, then all service stopped again and we had even ordered our dinner at the same time we ordered the appetizer. 3.) ONE hour later, we get our dinner, out of 4 of us.....two dinners were completely wrong! My daughter's salmon was raw! 4.) Received the two correct dinners in a reasonable amount of time, salmon took about 30 more minutes. Came back over cooked! She cannot eat rice due to allergies, rice had been scraped off her plate instead of a new plate...luckily not severe allergies! 5.) Waiter said the manager took off one round of drinks. 6.) Spoke to the manager, not a whole lot of patience, and we were not expecting anything but an apology....really never received that....told us that we received a new piece of salmon...no we did not! 7.) My daughter was up all night very sick! Conclusion: cute place.......will never ever return and will make sure EVERYONE we know down here never goes..... Too bad! Barb
Yum! While pricier than some of the restaurants around, everything was delicious and seemed high quality.  This was the perfect spot to go immediately from the airport when we arrived in sunny FL from frigid WI.  It's right on the water (inlet) and very relaxing.  We ordered the HUGE seafood platter as an appetizer with oysters, shrimp, etc and it was excellent.  I had the tuna seared rare as my entree and I cleaned my plate (which I never do!) Definitely, would go back here.  Tip: only valet parking (aka, they have no parking).
6 of us went for dinner at 5pm on Saturday nite. Service was excellent and atmosphere outside pleasant. Cocktails at happy hour were priced fairly. After happy hour do not order! Dinner: coconut shrimp good, raw oysters good and cleaned properly, fish and chips to expensive for 3 fish sticks and a handful of fries, shrimp (scampi I think) too expensive for 5 small shrimp, and appetizers were $$ for small very small quantities! Will I return? Just for happy hour but not to eat! There are better waterfront places that have similar charges and supply more food (la placka, coconut Hilton, etc).
I love this place ;-) Monkey and I went on a little weekend trip to Naples.  We always pass by Barefoot beach on our way to Ft. Myers and was curious.  It looks like a cute place.   Monkey did some research of places to stay and eat and he bumped into this place.  It has like a nice tiki style roof and it's next to the water.  One section of the restaurant is also netted for someone like me whom evil noseeum or mosquitoes like to eat. Yea!!! After a long two hours drive from Ft. Lauderdale and through the Everglades..... We were hungry and ready to eat and get buzz...... Other places didn't really look appealing from the outside but we like the roof top and the name is cute.  There was two guys at the valet service and one was Indonesian and they both were awesome, friendly and both came up and open both doors at the same time for us.  Laughing and smiling with us, it was a good start.   As we walked in, Oh yeah baby it's Happy Hour.  The waitress was nice and she gave monkey beer and me my margaritas and that was good. They also have a good little happy hour menu for $5 and $10 and it's not bad.  Tasty and good except my rice on the side was a bit hard.   While waiting we heard an alligator was swimming by and many people went out to look but I was too busy drinking so "I'll see you later alligator".  Funny behind me is a wall with a big mirror.  Many times I kept thinking it's another extension of the restaurant but come to find out that I'm getting more drunk and I don't have a twin who is sitting behind me having the same drink ha ha They also sell their products too.  They got stuff animals, pint glass, purse, hats and t-shirts. So when you are in Naples and like a cute place to hang out and chill then this is the place to go. Hey on the same evening we both after left the place, went to the beach bar and didn't enjoy it and came back to Jack and he gave us a happy ending ;-)
We come here by boat 2/3times per month. Always courteous dockhands, great service and great food. The fish tacos, pulled pork all great never had a complaint.
I am upgrading from 4 to 5 stars not for earth shattering flavors or gourmet presentation but for consistency.   Coconut Jacks is a solid 4 star dining experience (see previous review) but I have returned many times and each has been extremely satisfying, so- I feel comfortable and confident that each visit will be pretty good food, very good service, great prices, and awesome / relatively unique atmosphere.  In my book, that is about as good as it gets.
Recommended by a friend for lunch near the beach.  Valet parking very prompt and courteous. Large dining room to accommodate a large crowd. We were seated promptly drinks arrived but the food took a little longer. I ordered sweet potato fries and they brought regular ones but the waiter put in a new order and they brought to the table very quickly. Scallops were perfectly cooked. BBQ Pork was a large sandwich and Mahi Mahi tacos were  enjoyed by others at our table. Reasonable prices and polite servers. I would go back again.  This place is very close to Barefoot Beach. A good place to stop if you are going to the beach.
Great food!  Great location!  Service was a little lacking.... We had steamed shrimp but being from up north they forgot the right amount of Old Bay.  The stone crab claws were big and great.  The blackened grouper was good.  The sides were unimpressive. I was amazed that on the Saturday of Easter weekend it was dead by 10:30pm.
I can't tell you how much customer service and professionalism is so important to me considering I work in the industry. Food and drinks were pretty good. We went for happy hour and got some good drinks and apps. We sat at the bar and our bartender at first was so cute and made good drinks. But I have to say, once it got busier they kind of screwed up. Even though they gave our apps to another table first, mistakes happen and it's not a big deal. BUT (and this goes to you bartenders and waitresses coming up to the bar) you know better then talk about tips you received and talking shit about other patrons at the bar. So unprofessional. Talk about that stuff off work because you make other customers feel uncomfortable because as far as I know you're talking about me and my family. Remember you are in customer service and want good tips right?
Coconut Jacks is your typical tourist trap on the water.  I am a Floridian and see these places all the time.  You can get the same menu at just about any waterfront tourist restaurant. Grouper and Mahi, as the only local food...then some Salmon and Ahi Tuna. The food was decent and they had valet parking, which was a necessity, but was way over-priced for what it offered.  The sandwiches were priced okay but the entrees...wow.  I had the Mahi Tacos and the salsa was pretty good but the fish was a little overlooked.  My wife had the house salad with Grouper lightly blackened and she enjoyed it.  A few bones in the Grouper but not bad. If we are back and need someplace in a pinch we would return.  Not must have but ok.
Have been going to Coconut Jacks since it opened. Been here in season and off season and it's great every time. Tonight I had the stuffed grouper which was tasty and excellent. My date had the stuffed Maine lobster. Try the key lime pie! It's more sweet than tart. So it depends what you prefer. The servers were literally running around and kept customers happy. It was smooth and fast paced. Oh, don't forget the view!! Sit on the deck, sit on the dock, watch the fish jump out of the water as they catch their own dinner!
We were staying at the Hyatt, and wanted a casual seafood restaurant.  Coconut Jack's was terrific!  Service was great - our waitress was warm, friendly, and fast.  The food was very good.  We started with their drink special, that tasted like coconut pie   - awesome.  (Ok, should have saved it for dessert).  My husband had coconut shrimp (very good) and fries that were really good and crispy.  I had the grouper sandwich, as did my soon, who declared it "delicious". (It was). This is NOT a tourist trap - very good food, great service, a clean restaurant on a bay.  Recommend it.
Seafood was delicious.  One king crab leg will satisfy your hunger for days!!!  Grouper, scallops, and shrimp were also delicious.  I had a virgin Miami vice and its the best one I have had since my tropical cruise.  One of the best restaurants I have ever been to.
After reading other reviews on here, we were expecting a mediocre meal and service.  We were willing to endure it for the inviting atmosphere. What a pleasant surprise!  Food was great as well as the service.  Makes me wonder what others were expecting.  Have their ultimate mojito If you know mojitos, you'll be very happy. Also coconut sorbe was the perfect finish.
Casual restaurant on the water had come highly recommended. Unfortunately, our server was less than happy to serve four women. One guest's meal, fish tacos, was unacceptable. The server offered something else but couldn't wait to leave the table before rolling his eyes. Another diner, a vegetarian, asked for a suggestion and was offered the fish tacos sans fish with the promise of additional vegetables. She was sorely disappointed. Upon being made aware of the issues, the owner did little except defend the server and offer to give the vegetarian diner additional vegetables to take home (she didn't eat her meal). I would not recommend this restaurant.
Horrible food, beautiful setting...tragic!! Our food was cold, even our daughters chicken fingers. The rice was 2 weeks old and cold. Do yourself a favor, go for a drink and hit any other restaurant,
Coconut Jack's came highly recommended to us by our taxi driver, so we decided to give it a shot. We sat outside by the boat docks.  It was a nice, relaxing view, but we definitely smelled some frying grease sitting back there.  Service was solid. We started out with the calamari appetizer, which was fried with some peppers, and was really pretty good.  We both had drinks of various types, which were also good.  The main dishes were okay. Overall, I think we liked our experience while we were there, but since the menu offered a lot of fried foods (which we're not used to, but hey, it's vacation), it wasn't so great later that night and won't make our must-eat list the next time we're in Florida.
Fritters were good but fish tacos were just ok.  The outdoor seating is great and views of the water (inlet) are great.  The owner was nice. A bit pricey. The portions are small so don't share your meal.
Genre for the rating:  island casual I wouldn't let the appearance of an almost full parking lot fool you.  Tis is a border line tourist trap with below average cuisine masked by fruity cocktails and a fun theme.  There is a lack of waterfront restaurants in Bonita, but this is probably not worth the trip. What I had: coconut shrimp, salads, grouper Best bet: go for a fruity drink and app if you must, but you've got better options.
Touristy, over priced, looks over the water, ok beach food, ok drinks, good service....would i go back again? not a first option, but i would consider it!
What a fabulous view!  That is the best thing about this place.  The food is only so-so -- really can't understand why anyone would rave about the food here.  It was just ok so don't expect much. Service was very, very good and everyone was super nice.
Love this place every time I come. Fantastic fish tacos and pork nachos. Ask for the mango hot sauce, delicious! I put it on everything and I normally HATE hot sauce. Great service!! My son' s favorite, too. Seating inside and outside has great views!
The other day my wife and I went out to eat  here for the first time ever. It seemed always busy so we were curious. It was refreshing to eat there. The environment was perfect and the food was fresh and original, we were pleasantly surprised!
Nice setting on the bay if you eat outside.  The fish tacos are only so-so, as a good fish taco relies a lot on the garnish for good flavor.  Here it's pretty bland.  However, you do get three in the order, which is good. Their house hot sauce is lousy - mostly sugar and water. If you don't want to valet park, there's only a handful of other parking, and it's tough to get out of.  Most menu items are way overpriced.  Service was attentive.
Amazing grouper sandwich. The service was very good. Highly recommended. We will return.
Perfect, Seminole-crafted palm covered deck.  I estimated that the waitperson/guest ratio was 1:8, and there were three valets on duty. Excellent to keep the food and traffic flowing.  Lunch included bbq ribs, preceded by a whiskey sour.   I like those drinks to be less peenchy sour, but perhaps that's my taste alone.  A dolphin jumped and the mangroves on the moon shaped inlet ran almost 270 around the deck. Local ordinances don't restrict smoking.  Try to avoid the full tables of gator skinned smokin' mammas, if you can before you settle in.  Otherwise, it's fabulous Florida dining.
I went here with my family while on vacation and the deck is nice, the ambiance is festive and warm and "Florida".  I ordered the coconut shrimp and it was very good. Everyone was satisfied with their dinner for sure and we would go back.  The service was very good. The drinks were too.  I would give this 3.5 stars and say that you won't be disappointed that you went, you would only say that there was nothing that was "off the charts" good. I will check in the next time I visit.
This place had been highly recommended to us so maybe my expectation was too high.  We arrived early, around 5:30pm and had  a choice of indoor or outdoor seating.  We chose inside and had a nice table at the window with view of the water. The french fries were good.  I had coconut shrimp and  was disappointed.  A lot of batter and a little shrimp, not tasty at all.   My friend had the grouper sandwich and thought it was just okay.  We then shared a piece of keylime pie that was also mediocre.   The wait staff was attentive and the food did arrive quickly.
Dined here on March 10th, a Saturday night. There were three in our party, and we were given the option to be seated immediately inside, or wait 15-20 minutes for a table on the deck. We chose an indoor table. This table still had a lovely view of the bay. Our waitress came over right away and took water orders while we chose cocktails and appetizers. Cocktails I had the Goombay Smashed which consisted of a filthy amount of rum and was delicious. Sweet and very alcoholic. My wife actually ordered a specialty which was not on the menu but was prepared perfectly by the bar staff. Appetizer We ordered the calamari as an app, and it was good. Not fabulous. Entree The wife and I decided to order two different dinners and share them. She ordered the 8 oz prime which was melt in your mouth good. Beautiful cut of meat cooked medium perfectly. I ordered the stuffed grouper. I would recommend this to any seafood lover who comes to this place. Served with a delicious sauce on rice bed I could eat this every day! All in all a very pleasurable dining experience.
Horrible....very dirty place... Wouldnt recommend it ! Food is horrible....might as well go to a burger place thats clean!  Over rated!!!!! Save your money....very disappointed!
Perfect place for seafood on our Florida vacation. Super fun place. Eat outside by the water! Friendly wait staff, great food, fun drinks. Kids and adults loved it & all found something on the menu to their liking.
Always hopping for a reason... Good cocktails, apps n sandwiches. Valet attendants are super on it. We went 4 times the week here! Good happy hour too. Entrees were a bit expensive but everything else seemed fairly comparable. Servers were all friendly and accommodating.
Visited Coconut Jack's a few days ago on a day trip from the east coast.  Overall, I was less than impressed. First, location:  can't be beat.  Just a block from the beach, perfect for stopping in one way to/from Barefoot Beach Preserve or any of the beaches to the north.  Great outdoor deck over the water and overlooking the mangroves.  Totally beautiful. Next, food:  unfortunately, the food doesn't live up to the location.  I had the mahi tacos, which were well-cooked, but nearly flavorless.  They had a creamy sauce drizzled over them, but for the life of me I couldn't discern any flavor.  Others in our party had shrimp platter, which they said was ok, and the grouper, which was the best of the lot. What really, really irked me though was the kids menu.  I have two kids, and I really look for places that treat kids menus as more than just an afterthought.  I've been to some amazing, casual places that offer kids-sized portions of the adult menu, without pandering to the usual chicken fingers and mac-n-cheese crowd.  Coconut Jacks, I'm afraid, believes that kids have stunted palates.  We got the mac-n-cheese from the kids menu and were pretty disgusted to see a bowl of bright orange, Kraft mac and cheese arrive.  It was literally just a pile of Kraft, unceremoniously dumped into a bowl.  Totally disgusting.  For $5.00.  I asked the server if it was Kraft and she replied "It could be."  I told her that we don't eat that kind of food in our house and I certainly don't pay $5.00 to be served it in a real restaurant.  She comped us the mac and cheese, but I took this as an indication that this place doesn't care too much about it's food.
Food is excellent, kitchen is extremely slow.  From beginning to end it took 3 hours!  We arrived at 5:00 on a tues night and didn't sit down till 6:10, we didn't finish until 8:00.  If you don't mind waiting, it's a great restaurant.
We love Coconut Jack's! It's always a must at least once every time we are in town. The last few years we have stopped in for lunch after a morning at the beach, we seem to always get the same waiter who remembers us from year to year. Great food, great service, great setting. Oh, and the giant chair outside provides a great photo opp!
From the minute I pulled into the parking lot, had dinner, and got my car from the valet, I felt rushed.  It is obviously all about "time is money"  Our table was served by a   waiter, drink server, food server and than the waiter.  The parking lot was like a zoo...View is great, food was fair, coconut shrimp was great, but regardless $100 for 2 adults, and two children I would have like to not feel rushed.
Nice place. Reasonable prices, really good food, nice atmosphere and nice views of the water. Will definately stop back here on my next trip to the area. Wait staff was very good. Do not like that they only have valet service.
Good food, cool atmosphere, touristy...
First time to Coconut Jacks and we were so excited to check it out. We sat inside but the smell of carpet fresh or some other cleaner was overwhelming. We asked to move outside and really loved the deck. Lots of fans (which might be better if not pointed directly at tables), and great chickee hut roof provided good shade. The bottle of beer that my boyfriend got had floaties in it - it wasn't a common beer, maybe sat around for too long? Fish tacos were really dry. The recommended "house" hot sauce was great. Fish and chips were ok, lots of small pieces of fish instead of a couple good large pieces, not much flavor. Overall, just dissapointed in lack of imagination, it seems that they're happy with being a tourist spot (one time visits) instead of a local favorite.
Good food and fun drinks.  Sitting outside was pleasant with all the fans.  The view was perfect after a day at the beach.  Our waiter was friendly and we didn't come out smelling like fish.  Cheesecake was excellent.
I enjoyed it!  My wife and I were coming from beach and all we wanted was a piña colada and MAYBE an appetizer.  We had the conch fritters which were small, but tasty.  We then had blacken grouper sandwiches which were a good choice.  Waitstaff very attentive.  All around enjoyable HOWEVER; I wouldn't choose to sit on back deck.  Too many food/frying smells.  I'd sit on side deck or inside.
This restaurant is great! They have free valet parking, which is a nice perk. The food is excellent and the view of the water is very nice. It was my birthday, so they gave me a complimentary dessert. We had a great time and we're looking forward to going back.
Cute location, quick service, but the food was mediocre at best.  Shrimp was small, stone crab claws were not fresh, and ribs were tough.
We got the early bird special ( Happy Hour) 4:00-6:30 pm  two entrees for $25.00 good deal! I got the Maple salmon & my sister got the grouper, both are good! Choice drinks are half off, get a margarita, my hubby & sis said its the best!  my dad had the fresh oysters in its shells, very yummy!  Waitstaff are courteous & friendly.  Sit outside if not too hot or just inside along the bay.
Great grouper special! My wife had the oyster Rockefeller.  Best food as of yet in Bonita springs!  Atmosphere was great!  On the water, it was awesome.
Great food and service, but waaay overpriced for what you get. They have a great location the back bay that used to be a pretty good italian restaurant  There are many fine locations in the area with great seafood that are much more reasonably priced. a couple can easily drop a hundred bucks without having any booze we did,,,,,once. Sadly we wont go back there again good food and great atmosphere are fine but not for this kind of money especially in this economy Maybe we'll  hit the lottery ,, but until we do we'll be awol from Coconut Jack's
The location of the restaraunt afford guest an excellent view while dining. Our group of four arrived to be greeted by a valet who parked our vehicle. The restaraunt was busy but we were seated in approximately 20 minutes. Our waitress was very nice and took our orders quickly. We ordered the calamari for the appetizer. Excellent dish. Our drink orders were brought promptly. I ordered the scallop basket which came with fries and coleslaw. The food was very good but the portions were a little small. My wife ordered the taco salad and she indicated it was also very good. Our friends enjoyed their meals as well. Our friend had been here a couple of times previously and told us it was one of the better places in the area. We will most certainly go back.
Average food. My blackened mahi mahi tacos really didn't have much taste. Very pricey menu. My 11 year old daughter got a virgin Strawberry Daquiri off the kids menu at a whopping $4.95???  $29.00 for Fish Tacos, a kids fish basket, a virgin bloody mary and kids Daquiri.  First and last visit for us.  There are too many good restaurants in this area.  The water view was nice, but that's about it.  Oh, the mango hot sauce was good and I wanted to buy a bottle to take home. However, a bottle of hot sauce was $8.00. No thanks.
I love this place! The atmospjhere is the best! The food is always good and so are ht e drinks and the service is excellent! The only thing I would change about it is more parking and something new on the menu ,maybe a special now and then. I love the Mahi fish tacos!
Lunch on a hot August afternoon was enjoyable on their humongous outdoor deck overlooking the river.  Screen enclosed for your safety.  Excellent Mahi Tacos, good service, excellent desserts (key lime pie quite good).
Dining outdoors in a giant tiki hut on the water - can't beat that!   Food is really good, and the service excellent.  Mom had the fish and chips which were cooked perfectly.  I had the blackened scallops (pan seared, not fried) basket which were also cooked perfectly, and set atop sweet potato fries.  Key lime pie was 5 stars and presented very nicely.   Good mixed drinks and a great tropically themed atmosphere.   Minor gripe is that they don't have any local Florida microbrews on tap.  The most exotic beer was a Sam Adams winter brew. The main entree portion of the menu ($21 - $35) is overpriced, IMO, but you can just skip that page of the menu and find plenty of other options in the $10 - $20 range in the salads/apps and "baskets" section.   The outdoor tiki area has heaters and they can put clear plastic flaps down if needed. Free valet parking is brilliant.
We had a wonderful experience.. food is excellent, our server Colleen was fantastic. We will return..
The food was about average.  My wife enjoyed coconut shrimp, and I had their mahi tacos.  The coconut shrimp were no different than any other place in town for about the same expensive price.  The tacos were soggy messes but had a nice blackened flavor.  However, when we were improperly billed, the manager Cindy, refused to fix it and said it was "the owner's policy."  I felt very poorly treated for a first-time patron and will not be returning.  The employee's hard-line stance shows that this place is either comfortable overcharging out-of-town customers which they don't expect to see again or is being poorly managed.
Mmmm mmm mmmm! This place was great!! I visited with my parents this week and it was fantastic. The service was wonderful, the mojitos were delicious, and the food was amazingggg! I will definitely be visiting every time I'm in town!!
Great food! (Coconut shrimp basket) great ambiance! Great service! Will definitely be going back!
Fish tacos were awesome. Loaded with fresh mahi mahi, per the server's recommendation. For appetizers the conch fritters were very good as well. We ate outside on the deck, which was nice. Not much of a view. It is on the Bay, not the Ocean. No complaints. A fun night!
I was pleasantly surprised by the feel of the restaurant.  It is on the water and they have plenty of outdoor seating under a tiki hut dining area.  The food was also very good, and fresh tasting...not just fried or over-seasoned.  I had the scallop basket, and the scallops were big, tender, and not fishy tasting.  My wife had the fish tacos, which I'll have to admit were amazing tasting, even for my pallet and I don't like fish tacos.  We had dinner at about 4:30, and we noticed when we left at 5:30 that it had gotten really busy even for a Thursday.  Great place!
Every time we pass Coconut Jacks, my husband and I have wanted to check it out.  It scares us since it always seems packed!  We decided to go to an early dinner last night (5:30 p.m.) to try to get a seat and what perfect timing!  The Valet guys were so nice and hardworking.  Apparently we found out that even though it looks packed, there is plenty of seating and there is never more than a few minute wait for a table. The hostess said she had a special table for us since it was our first time there and it was very special.  We sat at one of the the three tables for two on it's own special pier. Beautiful view of the water and felt like we were in Fiji, dining right on the water. Our waiter was amazing.  His name was Dustin, from Dexter, MO, and he couldn't have been more knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating.  I would give him five stars.  We went with his recommendations of Stone Crab Appy - delicious but pricey.  My husband also had their Virginian Oysters which he enjoyed.  We tried the specialty cocktails he recommended which were yummy and we both tried the Stuffed Grouper Entree which was amazing.  We finished it off with splitting Key Lime Pie which he told us they crush the cookies for the crust every morning.   The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because it was a little pricey but worth it to us for the great food and staff.  We will definitely not be scared away by what we think is a crowd any longer, but not sure we could duplicate our wonderful table, waiter and experience.
We spent a weekend in Bonita Springs and stumbled upon Coconut Jacks. This place looked like a popular spot for the locals, complimentary valet was a plus. We were seated outside in the tiki hut, which overlooks the bay and had a nice breeze. They have a happy hour menu which ends at 6pm so we just missed that. But we managed to pick 3 items on the appetizer menu and each had an entree. Calamari was ehhh, coconut shrimp was big and tasty, spinach dip was really good too. I got shrimp tortellini which was full of flavors and the rest of my party ordered seared tuna. I definitely liked my entree better than theirs. The portion sizes are huge, but maybe that's because I'm from NY and am used to much smaller portions. Waitstaff were nice, they came and checked on us often. My waiter poured water on me by accident as he was refilling our cups, and said "r u ok? - its just water anyways." uhhh... I guess he's right, but still..... :/
A perfect 10! free valet parking, great service, great food and great atmosphere. Reasonably price menu yet it has something for everyone. Took the advise of our server and ordered the stuffed grouper and i was blown away.
LOVED the Breaded Bassa on the Happy Hour menu! It was so good we nearly licked the sauce up off the plate! Their Happy Hour specials are great and you can't beat the atmosphere!
Great food and reasonably priced. Loved my salad with grouper.
Visited Coconut Jack's for the first time on a trip to Naples to visit family. After having been to several high ticket dinners, I suggested Coconut Jack's based on reviews. It's very unassuming from the road, all the "business" is happening inside and out on the back deck, meaning, that's where all the ambiance is. They offer free valet service and have a gift shop inside with all their CJ shwagg. The bar to the left of the entrance makes a wicked dirty martini and they have AWESOME spicy rock shrimp appetizers served with (bambam?) sauce -get there for happy hour and score these babies for $5 a pop! Yum! Outside the bar is an enclosed dining area under a thatched roof, with a huge marlin suspended overhead. The "tiki" dining area and the traditional dining area (other side of the bar, straight in from the entrance) both overlook a beautiful bayou with dining al fresco outside (though no one was eating outside when I went, perhaps they have specific hours). For dinner we started with the fresh lobster ceviche (oh yeah, yum!), My mother and I had the blackened Gulf Grouper (which you should definitely have when you're in Naples) and my grandfather had the  Seared Blue Fin Tuna, not only beautiful on the plate but delightful to taste. Unfortunately between the drinks and appetizers, no room for dessert. All in all in great find.
Atmosphere was nice ordered coconut shrimp since reviews were so good nothing great wouldn't go again service was good average food at best
The atmosphere was very nice and the service excellent.  I ordered the scallops which were not particularly good but the sides were very good; my husband's grouper sandwich was good but not exceptional.
Coconut shrimp is fantastic.  Grouper sandwich was very good.  Mom enjoyed the fruit salad with shrimp.  Drinks are always good here.  Love sitting either inside or outside on the water.  Just an overall go to place for great seafood and sanwiches!
We were back in Bonita Beach for vacation last week and visited Coconut Jack's, our second time there total. Both my husband and I had the special - a grouper BLT sandwich, it was delicious. Both times we have sat on the back patio and you cannot beat the view of the bay. A reliable choice for a good meal.
Nice restaurant close to Bonita Beach. I had the mahi mahi tacos that were great. We also ordered conch chowder, oysters rockerfeller and blackened chicken sandwich..they all were cooked to perfection. Nice place for lunch or to bring guests that are down visiting from the north. A bit on the high side but it's in season, nice atmosphere and we'll be back for happy hour and dinner..
Great rum drinks!!! Nice atmosphere....
