This restaurant exceeded my expectations. Fort Myers Beach needs more of these types of places - not too pricey/fancy, but not bar food either. Casual ambiance. The restaurant overlooks the bay and it is quite easy to spot dolphins in the water. Food was good. Ordered the stuffed artichoke appetizer, which was actually more like fried goat cheese with some artichoke hearts - lovely presentation. The Asian chicken salad was delightful as was the spicy shrimp pasta. The bar area is small, but nice to overlook the beautiful resort pool. My only complaint is that it took a little longer to get our meals. Great experience. We will definitely return.
LOVED this meal!  My husband and I went on 4th of July for lunch with our kids.  We loved the dining area with the view of the bay.  And we quickly discovered why it is named Flippers- we saw several dolphins during our meal, which amused my toddler.   My husband and I both ordered the "skinny Minny" specialty, low calorie drink that was basically a yummy, fresh margarita.  It was so refreshing. We ordered the Campechana as a starter. (A Spanish-style shrimp cocktail with seasoned shrimp, lump crab meat, avocado, red onion,cucumber, cilantro, jalapeño and clamato juice) It was like salsa on steroids because it was packed full of seafood and served with warm tortilla chips. We are still talking about how good this was.  This alone will bring us back to dine here again.   I ordered the Lover's Key Wrap with salmon instead of chicken and my husband ordered the Blackened Mahi sandwich. Service was great, food came quick.  Definitely worth a visit!
I came here for brunch and was not disappointed! Waterfront dining, really great food. Shared a very good lobster eggs benedict and spinach bacon frittata. The lobster was seriously succulent sweet and savory. The frittata had just the right amount of fresh spinach and crispy bacon cooked with potato and egg. Great service and fun to get to, right on the trolley route in FMB!
We were visiting in town and decided on this place due to the positive Yelp Reviews. 1) Overlooks the water, saw a dolphin jumping in the water 2) Nice breeze 3) Taste of the Bay - excellent 4) Chilean Sea Bass - excellent 5) Clam Chowder - excellent 6) Warm Apple Charlotte (dessert) - ok 7) Lover's Key Rum Punch (drink) - ok 8) Server - Ray our server was fantastic Definitely our best meal in Bonita Springs.  Enjoy!!
I have to say I really feel like we have been catered to , everyone here is total amazing with a couple of snotty girls that I will not punish the great management and staff for there shortcomings dan the bar tender and Erick and david just part of the staff makes us all feel like we are on a real vacation I'm coming back every year we are a party of 12 plus 2 other family's that we met here the accommodations and the way we are being treated here is exceptional the very professional gentleman working the front desk at night totally amazing a total professional and has gone out of his way to make sure we have a great 1st experience here at lovers Key resort if you're thinking about a vacation this is what you want to come I know all of us will be back !!!
I wanted to like this place. We put our name down at 7pm. They told us it would be a 45 minute wait. We went to the bar and ordered a drink while we waited. They sat 4 groups who came in after us. After an hour and 20 minutes, we left. I'm pretty sure they either didn't write our name down, or forgot about us. The only good thing was the bartender was nice (David) and made good drinks.
This place was great after a long day at the beach.  I loved that it was right on the beach, not too pricey, and great food.  We also saw a bunch of dolphin swimming right there.  I had the campechana which was great, and others ordered the Cruz Quesadilla, Flipper's Salad, and a burger.  Everyone said they enjoyed their meals, and we just loved our waiter.  GREAT service!
From all the reviews I thought the food would be great close to amazing but it was ok.  Came during food app happy hour but drinks are weak and pricy.  Food was cooked well but flavorless. Save your $$. Other places less expensive and better quality on the island. P
We came to fort Myers beach for the weekend. It over looks the bay and although it was raining it was a really nice atmosphere. Live music. We went with our baby and told the table would be ready in 15. There were about 10 people waiting in the bar area. 10 minutes later we were sitting down. Ou servers name was Lacie and she made everything better, very nice and attentive my babies needs. The frozen margarita wasn't superb but it was ok. We ask for a tuna ceviche and when it came it looked like tuna tartar weird lol  but it tasted great. I ordered lobster Mac and cheese not only did I think it was delicious my husband  And baby loved it as well. I would love to come back here.
We went for dinner last night.  It was packed with people waiting, something we didn't expect during off- season.  We got a seat at the bar and barely had our drinks and our table was ready.  Service was prompt and courteous, unlike some of the other reviews I read. The tuna ceviche was outstanding.  We also had the Taste of the Bay pasta.  Equally delicious. I'd definitely recommend Flippers on the Bay.
My boyfriend and I came here for lunch after our Manatee Guide kayak tour. The food is great and we actually saw 2 schools of dolphins while dining! I had the Greek salad with blackened grouper. Very tasty and filling salad and the grouper was just delicious. My boyfriend has the grouper sandwich--also very good. We had a great experience.
This place is great! We came here on vacation and were not disappointed. Group of six, called ahead and had no issues. We ordered the coconut shrimp, the salmon, Chilean sea bass, paella.. All were very good. Definitely recommend
Great place! The food was delicious and the presentation was spectacular. My husband had the shrimp scampi and I had the pasta with all the seafood. Both delicious!  The place is also nice with outdoor seating. The restaurant had fans blowing cool mist so it was very pleasant. We were lucky to be able to see a whole school of dolphins going around the bay just in front of us. Awesome!
Went with 3 other friends & had a wonderful time sitting outside watching the boats. We enjoyed coconut shrimp, crab cakes, chicken quesadillas, & lobster Mac & cheese. It was some of the best food we had while on vacation! The drinks were also yummy & the service was nice. And top it off, there was live music. I would love to return!
A restaurant that combines ambience with good food is what you will find at Flippers. Once you get past the goofy name, the restaurant has ample parking and offers alfresco dining with a bay view. We came during happy hour on a Monday and were treated to half priced appetizers. We had the coconut shrimp and they were easily the best I've ever had in my life - had to order another, they were that good. The shrimp were large, fresh and coated with fresh coconut flakes and an amazing tangy marinade. They also had a pasta special (Monday-Thursday) $15 for any pasta. I had the taste of the bay - fettuccine noodles tossed with a cream sauce and topped with lobster, shrimp and scallops. The pasta and sauce were very good and the fresh seafood on top made for an excellent dish. My wife had the Shrimp sunset. It was her first time trying papadale pasta, which is a very wide, thin noodle. The dish is topped with a delicious, slightly spicy red curry and features gigantic, fresh grilled shrimp.  Both pastas included two pieces of wonderful garlic bread topped with melted cheese. The service was great and the views of the bay were excellent. Overall, a top notch dining experience.
Once you get past the ugly red Lovers Key sign atop the hotel, that looks like it belongs on a cheap Vegas casino, the ambience is wonderful. They do not take reservations but allow you to call ahead. We still waited thirty minuets to be seated but it was worth the wait. The service was excellent even though we arrived at peak dinner hour in the middle of tourist season. On a recommendation from Yelp my wife and I both ordered the Taste of the Bay pasta. The portion was very generous and we could not stop commenting to each other how good it was. I was impressed that later that evening the head chef made the rounds visiting each table inquiring as to how everything was.  Needless to say we will be back.
I stopped in here today, I'm on a business trip and will be coming to the area often. I wanted to try one if the waterfront restaurants. This one happened to be on my route. I sat on their heated patio and watched Decmber boaters on the water nearby... Ok, for the food and service.....Their Campechana is a must have starter, ordered the Grouper sandwich, blackened as suggested by my server. It was excellent, the grouper was moist and fresh, along with the fixin's and the bun. It came with lightly battered fries that were also perfect. Service was also quick and friendly, I'll be back here.
Best seafood so far!  Chef came around and talked with the customers.....great experience.
My husband and I came for lunch after a hot couple of hours on the beach and had a great lunch with an amazing view over the water! I had the blackened grouper sandwich and my husband had the mahi mahi tacos and we both had a couple of Stellas on tap. All very yummy - although coming from northern Cali I was expecting "blackened" to be blackened like they do in NOLA or in Louisiana-style restaurants in Cali. It was FL-style "blackened" - which is totally different. It was still good, no worries there, I was just schooled on what "blackened" means to Floridians. Service was upbeat and friendly by our handsome Bulgarian waiter and we want to go back again sometime.
Best food in the area!!!!! We've been to several places in the area and the food, atmosphere, and staff are amazing! No need to look for a different place to each night just come back here.
Came for breakfast/brunch and enjoyed every minute. Delicious Benedict's , crispy side bacon, tasty bloody marys and a fabulous outside view. Great service as well!
Took friends here for dinner everything excellent!!! Taste of the Bay dish by some and  Sea Bass excellent choices!!!
Great restaurant and food. Came for Tuesday 2pm lunch: flippers salad with shrimp, fish tacos, and fish&chips, with pie for dessert. Good service, view of dolphins,  lovely atmosphere out on the balcony.
My only negative is that Flippers is hard to get to if you don't live nearby. Great food. I had the mussels as an entree, Great view of the bay. This is a small place and I think they do a nice job of pacing the meal, but if you are in a hurry for some reason (remember you are on vacation in all likelihood) you will be frustrated.
Great place!  Went with my husband and daughter.  We enjoyed not only great service but amazing food.  We dined with our 14 month old and we're able to offer her some of our food and app.  We order the Pasta of the Bay and Sea Bass.  I had the Clam Chowder-Amazing!  We also enjoyed entertainment from a few dolphin's who showed up!  So happy stopped!
We went here on a recent stay at the Lover's Key resort which is located just steps away from Flippers. We came for dinner on a Monday night around 8pm and it was not too busy. Great atmosphere and views encompass this cozy restaurant.   I have to be honest when I found out they had a restaurant on site of the resort I was skeptical , I thought it was just another way for them to make $ by providing easy access and average food masked by atmosphere. I was very wrong , this place is very good overall Or server was very friendly and attentive especially refilling our waters with just about every pass he made. We started with a bowl of Crab Bisque served in this funky cup/bowl with a fluted handle that made it easy to grab and get every last drop.  The bisque was very good lots of chunks of crab and flavor , my only gripe was I wish it was thicker , it was more like soup than bisque. I ordered the Double Pork Chop which was grilled and served on potatoes puree with  vegatables and a Basil Haydens bourbon maple glaze on granny smith apples. Pork chops were delicious , cooked perfectly and easy enough to cut with a fork. My 2 minor complaints were I wish the portion was larger considering the near $30 price tag. GF ordered the Pan seared Sea Scallops which prepared with a hint of sage, Sautéed spinach and garlic mashed potatoes finished with a honey orange buerre blanc atop charred lemon. Again very delish but portion size was on small side for $30. We had a $25 meal credit that came with the resort booking which made the meal easier to swallow. Overall I enjoyed the experience and food of this place a lot. They do offer BOGO coupons on their site as well to make what you order there go down much easier.
Great view & setting right on the bay.  You could serve me some fairly crappy food if I get to sit outside but, that was NOT the case here.  Very friendly service & good menu selection.  Tasty bay (seafood medley) & Lobster mac were both yummy with BIG bites of lobster.  Shrimp Arrabiatta was very good too.  Lobster bisque was creamy & delicious!  Beer menu is very limited (no draft & just the basics) so we went with wine which had  much better options.  They also had a steel drum musician performing during out meal which was great.  Call ahead to put your name on the wait list...there's likely to be a wait but, the host was very accomodating.
This place has a great combination of simplicity, location and outstanding food. We went here twice on our vacation. You will find people dressed up for a gourmet meal or in their swimsuits with coverups. It's a come as you are and feast  attitude, which encourages dinners to sit for hours.  In the evening Executive Chef Cruz periodically comes out and greets every table. It is like sitting in the dining room of a good friend; I give the atmosphere an A+. In the evening when Chef was there the service was impeccable except for the bar which was a little slow i getting the drinks out.  Each of our meals were works of art. We started with tuna cerviche, some of the best I ever had! I had the red gulf snapper with chipotle and black beans Awesome. My friend had the grouper. Also outstanding and both are local catches.  For our evening meal,the staff made us feel so special and the food was the best. This is why we decided to go back the next day for brunch.The food, the fit and fin, was an egg white omelet with spinach, peppers and onions. Perfect. However, the server was off her game and not attentive. She only ordered one of our meals! Immediately, the runner apologized put in another order and gave us 2 free drinks. I was amazed at how empowered he was. He and the manager apologized profusely and more than made up for the bad service. This is why I still give the pace a 4. They genuinely want you to have a good experience. We all fall off our game but when there is great teamwork, it still can be a winning experience.
We were there for breakfast by boat: great breakfast borrito's and friendly service!! You can simply pull over your boat on the beach in front of the restaurant.
On a weekend getaway, what more could you ask for, good food, cheap beers sit outside, enter from the road or by boat! The grouper sandwich is awesome, and the fish tacos did not disappoint either. I'll be back next time I'm in town
Outstanding meal: coconut shrimp, tuna ceviche and grouper!  Our server did a fantastic job of pairing wine with our food. Meeting the Chef was icing on the cake!  Great evening.
I usually don't write a lot of reviews but we were recommended to come here from a local and we decided to try it.  When we entered we noticed the beautiful view and we got excited to see all the boats and people at the bar.  As we walked up we didn't see a hostess so we sat at an empty table after wondering around a little bit.  The waiter approached us with quite an attitude when we asked if it was ok if we sat down or if there was a hostess stand we could put our name at... He just have us a look and walked away.  After a few minutes we noticed that no one was going to take our drink order after all the waiters were standing around laughing in a circle.  I approached the manager Eric and asked of someone could take our order.. He seemed very nice and apologized and gave us drinks on the house for the inconvenience.  This was really nice of him to do, and because of that I added another star.  But the 2 stars I rated are due to the waiter that treated us poorly.  I'm sorry I didn't get his name, and I Won't be coming back but thank you Eric for your help!
Great food, great view! We always make time to eat at Flippers every visit to Florida. As an appetizer, we split fried calamari. A few were slightly chewy, but overall it was very good choice. I ordered two crab cakes, and the fixin's to make one a sandwich. I was in heaven! Jason got the island salad with a crab cake and mango vinaigrette dressing. No complaints there. My dad got a wrap, the name escapes me, with shrimp, and gobbled it up. All that paired with the view is a must for anyone looking for a relaxing, delicious meal. Boats can pull right up to the restaurant, birds feed a good distance away putting on a show, and it isn't uncommon to see dolphins cruising by.
I had the Lobster Eggs Benedict and it was outstanding!!!  I wish it had a little more of the yummy key lime Hollandaise sauce but maybe because it was the end of breakfast hour....the potatoes were also hot and delicious.  The service was just OK.  The waitress never came back to ask how everything was. I needed to flag down another server to bring me some ranch dressing (I dipped the yummy potatoes in the ranch).  It took nearly 10 minutes to get the dressing and by that time, I was almost done eating.  Then the waitress finally came back and since still no dressing, I asked her.  Needless to say, I ended up with 2 dressings and the young man didn't bring it until I was done eating.   But with that said, I would go back just for the eggs benedict and ask for a little extra sauce. My friend had the Chef's Special and she enjoyed that too.  We both made clean plates!! I would give it a 5 for food and 3 for service.  (She didn't even smile or introduce herself)  I was a waitress all through high school and college and that is the first thing you do when you approach a table.
Pleasant atmosphere and a super friendly staff. The poblano soup is wonderful and so is their chicken sandwich and cole slaw.
After reading all these 5 star reviews, I was expecting greatness from this place. Unfortunately it didn't live up to those expectations. I'm staying right next door at Lover's Key, in fact I'm typing this on my balcony right now. The servers were very nice, and in fact the service was pretty good. The food took forever though, and it was bland and uninteresting. My fish sandwich had definitely spent some time in a freezer -  I wouldn't have minded that except for the exorbitant price tag on it. Even the soda was lousy; I know off brand cheap cola when I taste it. The kids wouldn't even drink it. I've had much better seafood in my home town of Chicago. For less money. I won't be going back to Flippers again. Too bad, since it's the only restaurant within 2 miles of this condo building.
We really enjoyed our time at Flippers. Nice waterfront-style restaurant with beautiful views, a well-kept interior, friendly and prompt wait staff, sans the tacky beach-restaurant style decorations. My husband ordered the crab cake sandwich and said it was the best he's had while in the area. I ordered the coconut shrimp (shrimp was good, I'd ask for the sauce on the side next time as it was overly sweet for my liking). Their fries were good as well. Great atmosphere, good food and overall a wonderful experience. No dolphin sightings for us, but all the more reason to return in the future.
The best calamari,service very good.i am coming back to try different dishes. Fresh food. Loved
We had dinner here as a party of nine. Bottom lines: outstanding food, friendly but spotty service, great view, moderate prices, very hard to find by GPS. The food was excellent. Pasta dishes were very large, and most of us couldn't finish them. The scallops were large and yet tender. Fish tacos (usually only served at lunch but available by request) were delicious and made even better by a piquant sauce on the side. We loved the tuna ceviche, and thought the fried calamari were delectable. The seating area is small, but is right on the water. Despite our party's size, we sat down right away at 7:15 pm. We had a bit of trouble with the oscillating fan, which was above us and blew directly on one of us for most of the meal. The lovely and picturesque waterfall in the neighboring pool unfortunately drowned out any conversation until it was mercifully turned off after 8 pm. Our server was friendly, but she kept getting things wrong. A couple of drinks were forgotten, and the wrong wine was brought and uncorked. But a nice smile from her makes all of this seem irrelevant in this lovely spot. The other thing to know is not to trust your GPS to get you to this hidden gem. You need to call and ask directions instead to the Lovers Key Resort. The restaurant is embedded there, way off the highway and invisible from the road. This is well worth the effort.
Good food.  Can't make drinks.  Loved this place before I brought a party of 7 here upon my recommendation.  Couldn't make 3 drinks that I wanted nor was the bartender able to look them up to make them. Staff proceeded to joke with me about the "arrogance" of me wanting a specific drink.  Good food though.  Real good food. Will I go here again... Questionable.
Great place to have lunch and enjoy the best SWFL nature has to offer without having to get wet or even get a sunburn. See dolphins and pelicans while you dine in this waterfront restaurant. I had a grilled grouper sandwich which was out of this world and cooked perfectly.   Great service too.
Great atmosphere, great service, very good food. We enjoyed our meal here very much, it was one of our favorite places in Ft Myers to eat.
The only surprise was outdoor seating was the only option.  They had lots of fans with misters built in which helped a lot.  The appetizers were a big hit.  Tuna ceviche was very nice and the coconut shrimp with mango sauce was excellent.  The entrees were pricey but everything was very good to great.  My son totally enjoyed the 1/2 pound burger so they can do turf as well as surf.   My daughter ordered a key lime pie colada which was delicious.  Will definitely visit again.  Also, an excellent view of the bay.  Dolphins were on display as well adding to the fun!
Great place for fresh and healthy prepared seafood. If your tired of fried catch this is the place for you in a casual but upscale waterfront experience. Will be back for multiple menu items that I can't eat all at once.
The tuna ceviche was fabulous!
Best restaurant we've been to in Bonita Springs.  Dining is all outside under a covered porch right on the bay.  We started with calamari as an appetizer - perfectly breaded and fried.  I had the taste of the bay pasta, and it had a generous serving of seafood in it.  It was delicious and just the right serving size.  Husband had lobster macaroni and cheese which was also delicious.  We took dessert - key lime pie - to go for a late night snack.  I have to give a shout out to the great staff.  A thunderstorm moved in, and they quickly moved a few tables of people and rolled down the see-through plastic tarp to keep out the rain and wind.  Only downside is that in a huge storm they have nowhere to move everyone.  But the customers who were moved seemed quite agreeable and took it in stride with a great attitude.  Giving them all drinks probably helped!
Wonderful food, wonderful atmosphere, HORRIBLE service.  Everyone was polite and nice to deal with - they just don't know how to run a restaurant.  For breakfast on 1/22 there were three parties waiting for tables and four tables open yet no one bothered to seat the customers until we statred to complain.  Ten minutes later - no coffee yet to be offered.  All in all it was very frustrating.  We want to have dinner there some evening but are afraid to take the chance as we met other people who also told us horror stories about the service.
I'm a fan of this place.  I'd call it a gem since I don't know many people who have been here.  Try to frequent this place awesome.  Great all around.  Drinks, Food, View, Music.  Service could be a little better as the staff disappears here and their, but there is no rush when you are over looking the bay.  Must Try for anyone in the area.
When I opened up the Menu it had" Food particles"  covering the inside of the menu. It so upset (eeuch) me that we left without ordering any dinner. If your menu is that dirty how can I trust your kitchen? We had driven out to Flipper's for a special Birthday dinner for my wife.
Wow! What a great restaurant on the bay. Beautiful view with great view. Food was excellent. Make sure you call ahead.
Went there based on the reviews. It was fantastic! The coconut shrimp was excellent. Beautiful views, friendly service. Would definitely go back.
Found out about this restaurant through groupon and everything was delicious. I had the spinach salad and blacken grouper sandwich and my fiancé the grouper plate. The food was really fresh and the view was excellent. I did not have a drink but they had many choices and next time I eat there I will try the drinks. The only thing I didn't like was the bugs ( Mosquitos ) were biting me so next time I will be prepared.
Stumbled upon this place by looking at yelp while in line at a different restaurant, so we found this out of the place and won't ever forget it. The atmosphere, Ricky Rambo (the host), Josh (our waiter) & the food were all fantastic. I'm a total foodie and I'm telling you this place is awesome. Try the Red snapper or the scallops. The chef visited our table....I like that touch.
Two stars for the view. The food: Eh. Very basic nothing better to say. The servers (even though we were the only ones there): terrible. Felt like I was disturbing the staff from their lives just to ask if I could order. Atmosphere: completely outside , fans with misters. No bueno on a typical FL day. Wouldnt go back.
Great seafood and service.
wonderful view the half price apps were wonderful I think we ordered each and every one off the menu. the only complaint I have or got from my table was that the wings were  bit over done and that there were not or was not a specialty drink on special for happy hour. don't get me wrong well drinks and beer are fine but it would have been nice to have one drink special each happy hour. loved it and would surely head back when in town
Meh... The food was mediocre at best. The view was amazing and it had a nice ambiance but there is no real reason to ever go back.
Good food, great view! Overall a very good place to eat. We had the breakfast burrito and it was pretty good.
Everything was great. I had the seafood pasta. It was awesome. The key lime colada was delicious! It was about 1/2 full when we were there this time. Service was great.
My husband and I went to Flippers last night at sunset. The view was beautiful, and we had the most amazing dolphin show!!! The food was outstanding. My husband had a wedge salad and pork chops- they were cooked with apples and a maple glaze. It smelled amazing! I had the tuna ceviche and caprese salad. The salad wasn't anything spectacular, but it was very good. The ceviche was fantastic...delicious with a kick. I definitely recommend coming here for dinner. It was a little loud, but that didn't really bother us. Enjoy!
Great view and great location.  Very relaxed casual atmosphere and good service but the real surprise was how good the food was - way better than Coconut Jacks and more reasonably priced. Quality several steps up from what I expected, so I'm a fan.
brunch again a year later and it is still exceptionally good.  we refer many people to this somewhat hidden gem.
love love love this place !! fantabulous views,great atmosphere, best bartenders & servers hands down.chef juan's Lobster benedict for breakfast to die for
So I have come to this place for a couple of years now.  It use to be my favorite place in the country but I can no longer say that.  Since the new owner took over the place, the great menu disappeared and has been replaced with a plain generic one.  The fantastic staff that have been at the place for at least the last 10 years are all now gone.  The service is just now horrific, I have never had to wait that long for not to get food, drinks, or pretty much anything else.  The patrons seem to be more into partying and drinking rather than enjoying the Food, Company and scenery.  After planning vacations around this place I will NOT be coming back again.  I think it truly sad.
This is a great place to go have a decent lunch for a fair price. I'm not going to say the service was great, but, our waiter was VERY nice when he decided to check in on us. The view is hard to beat. We pulled our rental boat right up onto the beach in front and anchored down (to the best of our ability). The food is average quality but when you're in a beach situation.... sounds good to me.  I've been to Flippers twice in the last two years. It's worth checking out for the view itself (plenty of dolphins around).
Hidden jewel! Just had apps & drinks but will definitely be going back for dinner. Coconut shrimp was great, service was friendly, and you can't beat the view!
Excellent food & drinks!
Took friends for breakfast w Groupon, great service, great meals, and beautiful view of water & dolphins. It was a warm sunny day, but windy, & we should have had our sweaters! We'll go back!
