What's not to like. Can't leave without a cinnamon roll. Great, inexpensive breakfast.
We live here and have been here many times. Something must have changed in management because we waited almost 40 minutes for three biscuit sandwiches. There were nowhere near the number of customers as usual to the point where there was no one in line and no one waiting at counter at 10:30am on a Sunday! People were leaving without their orders and when they were finally brought out the customers were gone. (They may want to request pymt at time of order if the long wait continues). When I asked how much longer for our food and asked if management had changed the woman at the counter got defensive and said that we didn't understand how busy they were and never did answer question about management. I told her we had been there as regulars because we live here year round and was just curious. A few minutes later our food came and it wasn't the same as it used to be. The cinnamon bun was reheated in the microwave and not the same. Sad because this place used to be great.
I love this place. I dream about this place. I can't wait til July every year, just to have a Breakfast Sandwich, potatoes, and a cinnamon bun. I will wear my Heavenly Biscuit t-shirt proudly until I return. I hope the integrity of this place is never compromised. Heavenly is right.
Awesome recommendation, Yelp! We are staying about a block from this little gem and I'm so glad we stopped in! The woman behind the counter was super nice. I got the special (egg, gooey cheese, tomato on a biscuit) with sausage on it and he got the special with ham (they were out of bacon). The sandwiches were huge and delicious! We both couldn't finish... But that might have had something to do with the amazing cinnamon roll we ate first! The huge pan of rolls is sitting out on the counter which makes it hard to resist. They warm it up for you and then ask if you want the icing drizzled on top. This is where you say yes, absolutely yes. Just typing this makes me want another! We will probably be back before the trip ends!
Had to wait for 1 hour for 12 cinnamon rolls.  Service at the desk when ordering and asking for the status was rude.  The food itself was decent, but its cinnamon rolls we're talking about.  Go to the Publix and get some Pillsbury and don't waste your time waiting around here.
my favorite breakfast place on the beach everytime!!!!! the cinnamon rolls are amazing
Food was GREAT, but service was rude. The staff made you feel like you were imposing by being there. I understand it was busy, but it was no excuse to be so rude. I think the comment, "I have to get through here people!!" being yelled as she shoved her way though was especially uncalled for.
I really like this place because of its character. It's a small little house 200 hundred square feet inside if that and about ten seats outside. The biscuit was delicious. The home fries were my favorite of all. I didn't try the cinnamon buns but the entire place is consumed with its scent.  The owners were very friendly too. Nice place def worth visiting.
Love their rolls and endless coffee. Grab a girl friend and have a great time.
Not only the best breakfast in SW Florida, maybe on the planet!!  The cinnamon rolls are the best ever!  It is fun to sit in the cramped little place (part of the charm), but hard to get a seat, so take out is the best bet, love it!!!  Every time we visit, we take new people there and they agree!!
Rude chef ... We called at 1:45 to ask for directions and were told that we had to get by 2:00 pm to be served ... We walked and arrived at 1:54pm and was told we could only get breakfast items... left without eating ... Waiter also knew we were the ones who called.
Everything was great including the friendly fast service.  Breakfast biscuit special was great and the American fries were the best ever.  Fresh juice topped off our breakfast.  Highly recommend this casual gem. Limited seating but fulln of whimsy!
This place should be called "sinfully delicious biscuit"...but heavenly will do. Due to a short circuit at another breakfast joint on the beach, fate brought us to the Biscuit. After a cinnamon bun, a bacon egg and cheese and a few too many biscuits later, our wallets are still fat and so are our bellies. The cinnamon bun is warmed, then drenched in fresh icing, and tastes as amazing as it smells. The bacon is thick cut an crispy, and the egg is perfectly covered in gooey cheese. But if you want something simple, the biscuits cannot be beat...buttery, flaky, not dry at all...I'm not a biscuit girl, but they've made me a believer! Go here for breakfast!!! Our only regret is we found it on our last day here :(
this is the best place to get fresh baked goods on the beach, their Cinnamon rolls are to die for
I've been here many times, and I'm going to end my wonderful visit to Fort Myers Beach tomorrow with a trip to The Biscuit. Heavenly is the perfect description. Everything I've ever eaten there is absolutely heavenly. I usually get the breakfast biscuit special, and even writing about it now makes me drool with anticipation. The cinnamon rolls are delicious, but I try not to get them too often, only because of what they do to my kind of, sort of, diet. My friend told me I had to try the orange cake when they had it, and I thought it sounded terrible and not at all something I would enjoy. But I tried it, and if you get the chance, GET THE ORANGE CAKE. Seriously, this place is the best, and the workers are lovely. The last time I was there, the owner (I think) put food out for a stray cat that had adopted her. If I didn't already love the place, that would have done it for me. You must try this place!
Amazing! Our breakfast biscuit was huge, fluffy and delicious! The special was awesome, you got a great big biscuit with bacon, tomatoe and cheese for only $3.65. I'm not a fan of eating in uncomfortable, super-crowded spaces but it was worth eat to eat this slice of heaven.
Customer service speaks VOLUME for your small, cash only business. Food is great but please hire friendly people. ON vacation last month visiting family that was born and raised in Fort Myers they've always talked about this place on the beach. We made it there early to get a good seat because they fill up very quick. It was very unorganized and already a  full patio of people. They make you order your food first, sit down then pay at the end. I walked inside to order my food and encountered Janine. Janine was terribly unfriendly and was in such a rush to take my order. I ordered the salmon sandwich but didn't know all the drinks they offered, she rolled her eyes and told me to check in their fridge, like I'm supposed to know where they keep everything. She acted like an impatient little child and stood there staring at me like it would make me choose faster. As my first time at Heavenly Biscuit I was so shocked by her attitude, I could perhaps understand if she was acting this way half way through a Saturday morning when it's elbow to elbow but please loosen up, smile and treat people courteous it's only Wednesday morning. She must be the owner or a relative because she doesn't care how she treats the customers. The food was really yummy, we ordered their famous sinful cinnamon bun....sooo delicious! Next time I'm in town I will give them another chance since the food was great. Had I had a better experience and treated nicely this rating would have been 4 starts. All I wanted was a Heavenly experience.
BEFORE I SAY ANYTHING ELSE-CALL IN YOUR ORDER OR EXPECT TO WAIT AT LEAST AN HOUR ON A WEEKDAY MORNING... like we did... Anyway, we had the biscuit sandwiches, an order of potatoes,  a side of gravy, and of course a cinnamon roll. Everything was excellent and fresh and only came to $11!!!! Bring cash or use the ATM inside ($2.50 charge). The food and value is 5 stars....However,  the wait, no where to sit, and cash only bringdown the rating. But next time wwe're in Fort Myers,  we will definitely be eating here :-)
This place is so awesome. I love coming here. My daughter is in love with there cinnamon rolls!!! Staff is super friendly. The food is great at great prices
Their breakfast is the best!  Definitely a must have for every visit to the beach!  Their breakfast special sandwich, bacon,egg,cheese and tomato, is amazing the bacon is cooked to perfection and there is so much cheese!!  I always have to get a cinnamon roll too, but I usually split it.  Nice little place with friendly staff.  This was the second time I have eaten there.  Normally I order to go because the wait can be long so I call ahead.  Either way it is worth the wait!
Great atmosphere. Great food. Awesome place. True southern biscuits and gravy. Will be back next time I'm out here for sure
Delicious! We must have arrived with perfect timing.  We placed our order (2 bacon, egg, cheese & tomato biscuits, a side of bacon, a side of gravy & 3 milks) and grabbed a seat. The patio was full but inside had seats available.  We waited about 15 minutes for our food and enjoyed every bite.  We'll be back in the morning... likely calling in a to go order.  Staff was quite pleasant & the price was great.
Key West feel with excellent breakfast sandwiches and cinnamon rolls. Very tiny place so be open to waiting on a table or taking it to go.
One of the best breakfast places around!  It is a cute, beach cottage-style hole in the wall with great food.  The menu is limited, but that's ok -- the biscuits are great, and make sure you save room for dessert! There is always some fantastic dessert fresh out of the oven. Literally. I have often seen the cake/roll/pudding pan being brought out straight from the oven. And they even have live music! Yes, keeping in tune to the laid-back Florida vibe of live entertainment during alfresco dining, this place does have the occasional guitar plucker.  Nice touch! My only gripe is the seating, since it is very limited.  Nonetheless, it is worth the visit, and it seems the earlier, the better (chance of seating, that is).
Southern comfort food & hospitality!  Perfect way to end our trip to sunny Ft. Myers Beach! Shared a tableful of food with the hubby and our tot. Hey, it was our last day of vacation!  Started with the sweet stuff - Banana Bread Pudding ($3.95) and a Sinful Cinnamon Roll ($2.83), of course!  Banana Bread Pudding was warm and velvety, blanketed in icing. Cinnamon Roll was indeed sinful, ooey, gooey, and divine. Now, I'm of the philosophy something a little salty should follow all things sweet (repeat, repeat). We completed our Heavenly experience with "The Special" ($3.69) - bacon, egg, cheese, and tomato on their fluffy namesake biscuit. It's the special for a reason, go with it. Hubby went classic with egg, cheese, and sausage on a biscuit ($3.65). You can't go wrong. We rounded it all out with a plate of seasoned Home Fries with Onions ($2.75), big chunks of tender potato accented with a little salt and pepper and the flavor of the accompanying grilled onions. Perfectly paired with any sandwich. The service was as great as the food - everyone was so kind and accommodating, treating everyone like a true guest. Do yourself a favor and visit the Heavenly Biscuit. If you're visiting Ft. Myers Beach, you might want to do it early in your trip (*closed on Mondays) so you can get there more than once.
This place is such a cozy little gem. It has GREAT BISCUITS and the cinnamon rolls are a MUST. It is a must when you come to fort myers beach!
Very good, fresh, filling. The bread pudding and cinnamon roll were delicious. The only thing missing was fresh squeezed orange juice.
Le beau and I took a day trip here for a little getaway. About a 2 hour drive from Miami. Not too bad. Was super windy when we came so didnt get to enjoy it much. But we stopped here first for breackfast. Really cute little restaurant. I believe it is family owned and run. They make everything from scratch. Super friendly people. We ordered and got our food later. I was expecting to pay AFTER we ordered because you pick up your food and eat it, kinda like at a fast food place. But they said we could pay when we finished eating. Thought it was weird because we could have easily walked out without paying because they were busy and we ate outside. I ordered the salmon  biscuit sandwich and it was very good. It wasn't smoked salmon how it usually is for a morning biscuit or bagel. It was a nice salmon steak seasoned with their home made seasoning. Also had tomatoe and cheese. I thought it was very good still needed some ketchup but very good. The buscuit wasn't my fave because I have tasted the most AMAAAZING buscuit at The Federal MIA for their brunch. Le beau got a cinnamon roll from them and I thought it was okay not a big fan of sweets. Le beau thought it was good but not great because he never even ate the extra one we got. If was really good he would have devoured them. I bought some of their seasoning as they had it by the register and I thought it was good to use for home. I'd come here again if I were in the area for a little getaway to ft myers very cheap and much much much much better than mcd's
One of my very favorite places to eat in Fort Myers.  But beware, come early or plan to wait in line for a long time and then stand while eating due to very limited seating (and, with all beach businesses, limited parking).  And don't forget to bring cash - Heavenly Biscuit does not accept credit cards.  The very best thing on the menu is the sandwich special - a biscuit with bacon, egg, and cheese.  AMAZING.  I always order a cinnamon roll to share, also.  The breakfast potatoes are also awesome, cooked with onion.  The prices are extremely affordable.  Another thing that is odd - they have you come back up to the register AFTER you eat to pay.  Kind of inconvenient, and I've always wondered what keeps people from dine-and-dashing.  If you are in Fort Myers, DON'T MISS Heavenly Biscuit.
One of our party is gluten-free, and they had very few options for her. They also have limited "healthy" menu options. So you have to know what you're coming here for. That said, they have some of the most delicious biscuit sandwiches, home fries and cinnamon rolls on the beach. My entire family looks forward to eating here whenever we visit. It's one of the highlights of our trip. Seating is limited, so large groups may have trouble finding spots during busy times. And service can be slow if they're working through a lot of orders. But if you have patience, it's well worth the wait.
If you are looking for an inexpensive, good breakfast, this is THE place on Fort Myers Beach. As noted in other reviews, the building is small, but that's part of the charm.  We were greeted warmly as we walked in to the smell of the cinnamon rolls.   My wife and I both had a bacon, egg and cheese biscuit and for good measure we ordered a side of sausage gravy and a cinnamon roll.  It was obvious that the food was all homemade. Everything was great.  The biscuits were awesome, the gravy was tasty and the cinnamon roll was wonderful.  The cinnamon roll was not quite as good as the cinnamon roll we had yesterday at the Overeasy Cafe on Sanibel but not even my mom's are that good. The small wobbly table was a little annoying but now I'm just being nitpicky.   If you are looking for Good food, friendly staff, at an inexpensive price point and you are not looking for a formal place, look no further than Heavenly Biscuit.
Must try everything.  It's all great.  My favorites are the cinnamon rolls, biscuit sandwiches and the breakfast potatoes. Have to visit this place if u are on ft myers beach.
Just come here for breakfast! If you like delicious homemade cinnamon rolls, banana bread pudding, hot and light biscuits then you will be in heaven here.  We had the biscuit sandwich special with egg, tomato , cheese and bacon. Their quiche was outrageously good. Without a pie crust it had egg bottom , broccoli and cheese. They were cutting squares from a freshly made pan of it. The bans bread pudding was what made me fabulously happy. It was warm and comforting, great flavor without being overly sweet and they pour icing on from a big pitcher! Overall, it's the cutest little place with a great bunch of being running it.
Walked here from the Pink Shell Beach Resort-about a mile and a half down the road. My kids were NOT impressed to have to walk to get their breakfast. They quickly shut up once they got their first bite of cinnamon roll and then their breakfast biscuits completely made up for the torture of the morning walk. Delicious. Things to know-this place is cash only but they do have an ATM. You order at the counter and then pay for your food after you've eaten. Tables are limited so if you see one while you're waiting in line have someone in your party snag it. The old-time refrigerator has your cold drinks in it. The cinnamon rolls were delicious, the kids' egg biscuits were wonderful and I had the egg white and tomato on whole wheat toast which was divine in its simplicity. The woman next to me was raving about her potatoes. Well worth the hike!
Relaxed south Florida atmosphere, great biscuits and friendly staff. Great place for a casual breakfast
My wife and I shared two items for breakfast. First, we had bacon, egg, tomato, and cheese on one of their "heavenly" biscuits. The biscuit lived up to its name. Then, we shared their famous cinnamon buns with icing. It is very sweet and delicious. This restaurant is definitely worth a visit.
Incredible breakfast spot! Such a simple concert, extremely affordable and DELICIOUS! Went Saturday & Sunday! Such a great little spot
Amazing!!!  They were honest on how long   Our sandwiches would take being that we were in a time crunch!!  Country fried steak with homemade gravy on a biscuit with a fried egg is a must have!!!
So happy to say that this place completely lived up to expectations! We went early in the morning on the day of Shrimp Fest and it was PACKED! There was a huge line out the door, but they were totally prepared and had it moving very quickly. If you wanted made to order sandwiches the wait was longer, but they had a ton of cinnamon rolls, monkey bread, and quiche that were ready to go. The quiche was excellent, but the cinnamon rolls are what you have to go for! They are huge and ridiculously decadent!!
Came here for lunch because of the great reviews. The burgers, chicken salad, and grilled chicken were worth 3X the price... but whatever you do, do not try the cinnamon rolls. Under no circumstances. You should not go near the cinnamon rolls at all. Everyone... And I really mean EVERYONE... Should stay the hell away from these cinnamon rolls. They are all mine.
While on Fort Myers beach, This is the place for cinnamon rolls! I placed my order to go over the phone and it was ready as soon as I arrived! I ordered cinnamon rolls and biscuits! Both amazing! I was offered plenty of condiments to take with me ( honey, butter, jelly) They place is small but cozy and the staff is super friendly!
Absolutely great. Expect to wait if you come around 9 o clock but it's definitely worth it! Cinnamon rolls are a delicious option if you're in a hurry :)
Get the special on the whiteboard by the counter! Definitely a deal. Great prices and good for what it does, you can also feel really good about it being a local place that's getting your business. Only open until 1 and there can be a wait so takeout might be a good option. Cute, good, cheap and local.
Oh my God, this place was a madhouse zoo ! It was packed when I got there around 10:30am , 4 th person in line when I got in. By the time I made my way to the front and ordered there was a line out the door! Looks like I  arrived just in the knick of time! This place is extremely small. There is few spots to sit but it's so congested with people pushing to get in , it's just not comfortable . Plus, it's hard to get a seat! U would probably have to get there right when they open or just get lucky. Took me about 5 min to get to the front and place the order for 3 bacon, egg, cheese and tomato biscuit sandwiches, 2 sides of home fries, a  cinnamon and pecan roll. I figured id try a handful of things because I didn't know when the next time would be that Id be brave enough to face that kind of crowd again. I was feeling claustrophobic so after I ordered, I decided to sit outside and wait for my to go food. Definitely, not a place to try and enjoy a quiet relaxing breakfast just to let everyone know. Finally, after about 20 minutes of waiting I received my food and hauled @!!out of there. When I got home I opened everything and my family and I dug in right away. We loved everything! First, the home fries are the best I've ever had. They were huge hunks of cut seasoned whole potato, skin and everything. They had a little spicy kick to them too.. So good! The biscuit sandwiches were also delicious. Homemade and bigger than your average biscuit sandwich with cheese, thick slices of bacon, and a thick slice of tomato that was so red and juicy. Pecan and cinnamon rolls were everything people have been describing in the reviews, also homemade there. All was worth it. I expected the wait from the reviews and I didn't mind that. The ladies who own or run the place are as sweet as can be for as busy as it is in there.. They work well under pressure.. I threw a nice tip in the pot! They deserved it..
Cute place amazing breakfast good location. Me eat cinnabons I have ever had the service is good but you have to talk loud to the cashier but they are very friendly and helpful and they are a cash only place but they have an ATM inside!
Eat here every year on vacation. It has never disappointed. The ladies are super friendly and the place is always busy but I try and get there before 8 to avoid the big crowds. Their cinnamon rolls are probably the best I've ever had.  We also get their special often which is a bacon egg and cheese biscuit with a huge fresh slice of tomato. Today I got a piece of their banana bread pudding and it was amazing also.
AMAZING. Once we had Heavenly Biscuit on our first morning of our stay in Fort Myers Beach we refused to go anywhere else. From the warm welcoming service to the DELICIOUS sandwiches to the fresh cinnamon rolls - if Heavenly Biscuits can't make you happy, nothing can.
Do you like tiny little places that only so many of your friends have ever heard of? Do you like cinnamon rolls drowning in icing? Then you'll love the Heavenly Biscuit as much as I do! How much do I love it? I love it so much, I woke up at 6:30 on a Saturday to drive two hours to go eat there! Simple food, nice people and a lovely drive. You really cannot ask for more!
Slap your grandma Good. Tiny little place from a converted small residence. They have homemade biscuit  sandwiches and cinnamon rolls that are the best I have had. Great vibe in a laid back beach-town social setting. Really happy someone turned me on to this gem. I will certainly be a regular.
Grabbed 4 specials on the way off the island(bacon, egg, cheese, and tomato biscuit). Excellent as always! I have never had a sandwich as good as the one they serve.
One order=STEAK BISCUIT WITH SIDE OF CREAM GRAVY.. I wanna order something different, really I do.  I  TRY (unsuccessfully) to convince myself to break free of my comfort zone--then I realize I just I am living in paradise. Why screw it up?? Helpful hints: 1. Bring a foldup chair with you to dine al fresco...the place is really small. Hate bees (which are all over the porch), but they don't mess with you-you don't mess with them. 2. Bring sunglasses. You will want to stare at all the people who stroll by and you don't want to appear rude, just distracted as the cream gravy drips down your chin. 3. Bring cash. It's a small business. Don't be a jerk and leave without paying. Yup. You pay AFTER you eat...go figure. I personally think they are just too laid back about the money thing! 4. Don't forget to try fresh squeezed whatever for the day.
Wow on the bread pudding and breakfast biscuit. I had the special egg, bacon, tomato and cheese on the biscuit. Coffee is good and strong. Adorable place for breakfast such friendly staff.
Killer biscuit breakfast sandos! Great prices! Nice staff! What more could you want from this cute little breakfast/brunch hole-in-the-wall? We called ahead to order and I drove down from where we were staying on the quiet end of the island (south end) and drove back with the goodies in my hand so that we could eat on our own private patio. No line/no waiting that way, folks!  And...OMG! Their cinnamon rolls are THE.BEST.EVER.
Nice little place to fatten yourself up. The cinnamon biscuits are exquisite and the biscuit tomato egg bacon biscuit sandwich was filling and tasty.
Yum yum yum. This is my favorite breakfast place on the island.  The staff is super nice and the environment is totally beach-chill. The cinnamon rolls are sooo good, if you are counting carbs, quit counting and try one. We also tried the banana bread and it was also stellar. And of course the biscuits are awesome. Writing this review has made me wish it was breakfast time now!
I was so excited to try this cinnamon roll, but was disappointed. I felt it was just average. The frosting was too sweet. It would be better if the roll was topped with a cream cheese frosting vs. a powdered sugar based frosting. The biscuit was very tasty, light and fluffy. I'd go back for the biscuits not the rolls. Also, it's cash only so make sure you bring cash. There is an ATM inside if you don't have cash.
Delicious cinnamon rolls, best you'll find.  The first visit the biscuits were dry, the second and third times, they were perfectly moist.  Cheap prices - cash only.  Friendly service.  They are really busy and if you sit outside, be aware that there are bees (interested only in the sweet icing, not in stinging).  Bring your own mug for coffee (as they use styrofoam cups only).  Great local place.
I give this a 5-star for what it is; a small, local, popular eatery that is focused on a breakfast menu and their eponymous biscuits. You have to be prepared for lines sometimes out the door, a sizable wait after ordering and often dealing with pesky bees hovering over the house-made cinnamon buns but it's worth it. We like taking a long walk from our mid-island location, having breakfast and either walking back or taking the island trolley home. One thing I will say is that the coffee is only so-so and we sometimes go across the road for a latte at a local coffee shop.
The food is 5 stars but this is place is too small for the number of people who are now visiting it. Because of the increased traffic wait times have become way too long, parking difficult, and lack of seating is also a problem. With that said its totally worth it. I always order a biscuit with egg, bacon, cheese, and tomato. I know tomato sounds kind of weird but it works perfectly. I also have the cinnamon buns which are great. These are their signature items and are the only thing you should ever order here. FYI CASH ONLY.
Simply the best in Fort Myers. Expect a wait but trust me its worth it.
Great little place for breakfast. Get the banana... bread... pudding. Not sure what it was, but very good. The Sinful Cinnamon Buns are a must. I got the special. If Egg McMuffins are made by mortal men, the Special was crafted by Gods. Excellent, crispy bacon, and the biscuit - usually the lowly conveyor of the other ingredients to the mouth - was actually the high point. It had flavor, substantial texture, yet fluffy, broke apart evenly and without chunking or crumbling, and just plain tasted fresh. We sat on the porch. There were a lot of very interested bees around - so if you have a bee aversion, or allergy, best to stay inside or at least over at the picnic tables away from the porch. Local place, local people, local feel. Kind of a "must go to" place when on Ft. Myers Beach. We'll be back.
First of all let's define this place. It's a breakfast sandwich place. If you are looking for a full blown breakfast menu, go to the Sunflower Cafe over the bridge.  Heavenly Biscuit is a TINY place so don't expect a sit down family cafe. It takes 15-20 minutes to get a biscuit sandwich! Egg, bacon, cheese biscuit was very good.  A good sandwich to "hit the spot" until lunch. The cinnamon roll was okay. Not as good as all the vacation raves here. More like a cake than a real cinnamon roll. Watch the frosting, they will drown it. Okay I guess if you are a sugar junkie. I thought it was just okay. If you are staying on Ft. Myers Beach definitely give this place a visit. If not, don't make a special trip.  Really 3.5 stars.
EXCELLENT BREAKFAST This is a really cute little breakfast & lunch place. It is in a little cottage that has been converted into a restaurant. Just darling, as they say. We had their special Cinnamon Roll and a Biscuit with ham & egg and a Special Biscuit with bacon, egg, cheese & tomato. Everything was delicious. This is a neat place.
This place is awesome. Glad to see it actually met the reviewers' glowing praise. The food was fresh and really tasty. I would go all the time if it was closer.  The wait wasn't too bad for us although I've heard it can get really busy. This is worth the visit if you get a chance.
Amazing. Got the biscuits and gravy... So good. Will make a point to go back when in Fort Myers! Get there early!
I visit Fort Myers a couple times a year, and each time I am there, Heavenly Biscuit is at the top of my list of places to visit! The biscuits are indeed heavenly, as is everything on their menu. The cottage and the people are charming. A visit to Fort Myers Beach is not complete without a stop at "the Biscuit"!
Open at 7:30 am and closed after lunch, this is a perfect beach side cafe. The heavenly biscuit has a small but satisfying menu of breakfast sandwiches and treats that are homemade and live up to their names. The sinful cinnamon roll is large and covered in a fresh glaze of frosting upon order. The buttermilk biscuits are rich and fluffy and hold together each individual breakfast sandwich with real egg thick cheddar cheese and a choice of several other options including a thick pre grilled slice of tomato. And don't forget to get an order of hash browns-- a heaping stack of lately cubed potato chunks seasoned to a salty perfection.The restaurant has all the quirks of a mom and pop shop with a few tables but tons of homes style decor like wind chimes and a multicolored fan on the porch. The heavenly biscuit though small in size makes up for it by offering take out o customers with phone preorder service. If you plan on having more than four people it might be best to order and bring your food to the beach. The servers are very warmed friendly and are quick to accommodate any of your culinary needs. The coffee is bottomless and your beverages are kept in a fridge before the counter where your free to grab your own. Other things to note: bring cash ( but if you forget there is an ATM inside) Sit on the porch if you get the chance for the most room. If your too full to eat it now, get a cinnamon roll it's well worth the calories.
Staying in Sanibel we were looking for something not so, well, Sanibel.  Heavenly Biscuit was just the trick.  The location is in what appears to be an older section of Ft. Myers beach in a very small house.  For what the location is lacking, the food and service more than makes up for.   The hit of the morning were the absolute best cinnamon rolls that we have ever had.   My seven and three year olds were in heaven with these.   Placing your order the rolls sit at the counter staring at you just daring you to try one.   Icing pored from a pitcher as you order them is the final touch.   Incredible!!!!! My wife and I each had a bacon, egg and cheese on a extremely large and fresh biscuit.   We also shared an order of home fries with onions which were tasty but to us seemed like an after thought compared to the cinnamon rolls and biscuits.  Good but not great.   Finally we each had a fresh sweetened ice tea.  Amazingly we have had trouble finding southern style sweet tea while on Sanibel and much to my wife's delight this tea was on point.   We would definitely recommend this appropriately named eatery and will be sure to return ourselves.  The two ladies working were very sweet and pleasant.
We came back to Heavenly Biscuit this year and I want to retract my previous review. I had a cheesy egg made to order with a side of grilled tomato. It was delicious, the staff were very friendly, the service excellent in spite of the fact that the line to order was out the door. We will be back.
Such a great place! You are treated like family here and the food is wonderful! I will be heading over there again today for a salmon steak biscuit with fresh tomato, so good!!
Best smoothies on the beach!  Fantastic, tasty pasteries , fresh squeezed juice, GOOD coffee. Not a lot of space but WELL worth the wait, you won't regret it!!
I visited Ft. Myers for a random weekend getaway and realized we had to do breakfast at the heavenly biscuit after reading such amazing reviews. Not to mention it is absolutely adorable! It is a little cottage that they literally turned into a restaurant. First, you place your order, take a seat (if you're lucky, seating is very limited) and wait till your order is up and called. Go pick it up from the counter, eat, and then pay. To make things easier on yourself, just get a biscuit with whatever you want on it. These biscuits are no joke. They are huge, buttery and so moist. I had the special that day which was egg, cheese and a nice thick slice of tomato. Heavenly is an understatement! Don't forget to have one of their freshly baked sticky buns. Oh, and don't leave without paying, that would make you a really shitty person.
Cool, down to earth, and excellent brunch food. Perfect way to start off the day before you hit the beach. Be sure to order a cinnamon bun.
AMAZING cinnamon rolls when they are fresh out of the oven! They will throw it in the microwave to warm it up if they aren't cranking them out.  I'm not a fan of microwaved bread at all, so I took away a star.  This place is almost always busy so be ready to wait! It's worth it.
OMG the best cinnomon rolls. Had them again today
We always go to FMB each winter to visit my parents who have a place there.  I found a rare frustrating experience.  Food was good but the service was not only poor but RUDE!  I even went back the next day to see if it was the person just "Having a bad day"  NOPE not the case.  Both the ladies that worked the counter were just plain rude.  A shameful experience honestly as the food is good but that ruined it for me.  Nothing like waking up in the morning to go get your coffee and a biscuit and start dealing with rude people.   Granted the place was busy both mornings but just because your busy shouldn't mean you can just be rude.  But what do they care they will never see 98% of these people again.   Jake "Not so heavenly biscuit"
The wait is LONG, but the food is delicious. Get there early or you could be waiting an hour or more. Delicious cinnamon rolls and breakfast sandwiches. Recommend calling ahead and picking it up as there isn't much seating and they often have a long line!
While my recent stay at FMB we decided to try this place out after the numerous glowing reviews. It is located across from Beach Access 27 , parking is very limited as is the seating in or out. It has a local friendly atmosphere that entices you to walk up those 3 steps. The place is as adorable and quaint on the outside as it is in. We arrived there just after noon and it was not too busy, they do close at 1pm.  Our server was super friendly and full of energy and made the delicious choices simple. We were originally coming for the egg biscuit but she sold us on 2 freshly made chicken salad sandwiches. I opted for the it on rye, my accomplice wheat. Both are served with home fries or a bag of chips. Wow what a easy decision , Home Fries! of course, which I have to say some of the best I have had in a long time. Nice size portion thick cut potatoes with diced caramelized onions,they were Home Fries Heaven! Sandwiches were very good but next time I will go more simplistic and order at least 1 egg and bacon biscuit. We also ordered 1 or their famous Cinnamon Buns and I ordered the last one of their bread puddings. The Cinnabun was outstanding, light and flaky and oozing cinnamon goodness in every bite. The bread pudding another local favorite was probably the best bread pudding I ever eaten. It was the Sin City of Bread Pudding, decadently forbidden with every taste and lick. We came here for 2 reasons, 1 on account of the rave reviews across many different food and travel sites that they received. The other reason was we were looking for something local and cheap, our experience was excellent overall. I would drive down here just for the day to eat here. Value wise it was a bit pricey we spent nearly $30 for breakfast for 2., Food was excellent but if your looking for stay on a budget order the Egg and Bacon Biscuit instead of the sandwiches  they offer more bang for your buck.
We called ahead for our order this year.  The cinnamon rolls continue to provide a sugar and cinnamon high that can only be controlled by two large glasses of skim milk!!We had a large order and it was perfect.  Sausage, bacon, egg, cheese...wonderful biscuits!!!   Just wanted everyone to know that they continue to do a great job!!
Went here over the weekend and enjoyed the cinnamon roll. Soft and majestically crafted. If I'm at the beach in the morning, I always go. Typically the limited seating leaves our purchase to-go, but it's worth it!
And... "heaven" is in the name for a reason yo! This is a legit biscuit. If you are lucky enough to be staying close enough to this place to walk here for breakfast, you really should go everyday.  Heavenly biscuit is our regular stop for breakfast on the beach.   Go early (no beach traffic), get the special (egg, tomato, bacon, on a biscuit), and be prepared to stand (tiny, few tables).  Sometimes, they have brownies (best brownie I ever had, no lie), cinnamon buns, or some other sweet dessert type breakfast item that will spoil your breakfast biscuit before you even get it! You can call ahead as well and pick up your biscuit to go. I just like saying biscuit. Biscuit biscuit biscuit!
What an adorable breakfast joint!  All the locals kept recommending we go there since our hotel was so close.  We finally made it over here on our last morning and wished we had gone every morning!  It looked like a house, and there was a man playing guitar and singing holiday music outside.   Inside was an interesting set up.  You walk in, place your order, they bring the food out to you and you pay at the end.  Strange, but it seems to work. I ordered the breakfast sandwich special of the day.  The egg, cheese and bacon sandwich on a biscuit was slammin!  Nice and greasy was what the doctor ordered for that morning.The biscuit fell apart when touched and melted in your mouth. I also heard the cinnamon rolls were the bomb, but I really didnt have room for that giant roll-next time!
Thank you Yelp for helping us find this gem of a breakfast place. A true find and one that will result in repeat service. This is the true definition of a family style island restaurant.  Only a few tables and tight quarters but heavenly food (no pun intended).  The biscuits and cinnamon rolls melt in your mouth and hands, the homemade juices, bread and tarts are a sugar rush with every smell. Cannot say enough about the friendly staff who will joke and even let them help you out.  It is a good vibe with great food.
Oh God, the bees. The bees! They're everywhere and they're sting crazy! Seriously. Cover your sweet tea and cap your colas, these kids will come after your cinnamon roll. And you will want a cinnamon roll, replete with icing poured from a pitcher. Yes, friends - they pour icing from that pitcher with the rotating lid that has a straining spout. Who has ever used that thing? What for? Wait, got it. Super pulpy OJ. Pomegranate aril trap. Very tiny comb. Sure, they might nuke the pastry but just enough to warm the gritty, intoxicating brown sugar+cinnamon crust that accumulates in the center swirl. It's like the chocolatey cone tip of a Drumstick - the best kind of denouement. Ultimately though, it's all about the biscuit 'wiches, and mine had egg, cheese, slow-crisped smoked bacon and a fat slice of tomato. Allow me to get all Zimmerny for a moment - it's a melty, cheesy, buttery, crispy, crumbly, smoky, tendery, breakfasty wonder. This place won't appeal to all, with its "order first, sit wherever, just let it happen" approach to the restaurateur philosophy. But if your game for great food in a simple setting that screams beach bum, then this Biscuit is Heavenly! Wokka wokka.
Wowie... wow... wow...mmmmmmmm... WOW! I believe that was the entire conversation my husband and I had over this delicious food. Actually, we even travelled 20 minutes out of our way after vacationing on Sanibel just to see if all the rave reviews were deserved.... and I can tell you they ARE! Both of us ordered the hangover helper burger - burger, jalapenos, over easy egg, tomato, cheese, and lettuce all on toast. Soooooo yummy. Of course I had to also try the cinnamon rolls... good god I had no idea these could be like this! Don't tell my mom, but these were the most incredible, light, fluffy, cinnamony, delicious rolls ever created. The place was packed when we went around 11am on Labor Day, but the wait was worth it. Also, there were tables and chairs around back that nobody seemed to know about, so we didn't have to stand around waiting like everyone else. This place lived up to the hype and I'm very glad we made the trip before heading home!
Delicious biscuits and cinnamon rolls!  Best place to eat breakfast in Fort Myers beach. Can't go wrong with anything you get.
Heavenly Biscuit is pure Florida. From the brightly painted walls to the campy decorations, it has that casual beach charm that I just can't get enough of. Also it has the best cinnamon roll I've ever had. The biscuits are great. I had a monster of a breakfast sandwich - fried chicken, egg, cheese, and a grilled tomato within a perfectly crumbly, buttery biscuit. This is comfort food heaven. Someone at this establishment must have sent a hecatomb to the dark gods of biscuit and cinnamon roll production and in exchange, received power over all those who seek a delicious breakfast on Ft. Myers beach. The staff is comprised of delightful ladies who take a lot of pride in their work. Also, just as I began to lay into my biscuit, I thought "I wonder if they have any hot sauces here." - I stood up to check the counter and saw a very wide variety of about 12 different hot sauces for my consumption. Wow. This place rules. This is why I am going to Florida when I am ready to die.
THE BEST place for breakfast or brunch in SW Florida, period. If you blink, you'll probably miss this place so make sure you keep your eyes open when you're in the area. They're known for their cinnamon rolls and biscuit sandwiches and both are beyond phenomenal. Homemade sweet tea and (daily) fresh baked cakes only add to the delicious things you can find here. Add to that the amazing staff who's friendly smiles and cheerful attitudes make the experience that much more enjoyable. I honestly love this place. I haven't been back since September and I STILL talk about it when I mention SW Florida.  Yeah... it's that good.
Best biscuits and cinnamon rolls in Ft Myers and Ft Myers Beach bar none. They actually open at 7:30a. This site says 7:00, but recommend getting there early anyway since there's always a line.
Holy moly! You know that show diners drive -ins and dives?  You know how you wish there was something like that near you? Well this place is it! It's the tiniest little place filled to capacity with patrons oohing and awwing over almost every bite.  We had breakfast... Biscuits with egg, cheese and bacon. They were better than McDonalds... they used the same cheese but the biscuit was fresher and the bacon was crispy.  On the counter they have baking trays loaded with fresh cinnamon buns and pecan rolls.  You have the option for icing.... uh... why not?  You're already eating a cinnamon roll. ;-) They pour the icing from a pitcher and you just watch the glaze drizzle down all the sides.  It's really a neat place and you'd be missing out if you didn't have it for breakfast while nearby.  Be prepared to stand in line.  It moves quickly and it's so worth it.
Heavenly Biscuit is such a unique place I sometimes wonder if it is real or some awesome breakfast spot I dream of.  The building is an old home that has been converted into... restaurant isn't the right word... it's an old house that has been converted into Heavenly Biscuit.  The inside seats roughly three people.  There's pretty much enough room to step in, order, and then step out.  The outside seats approximately a dozen people where little bees buzz around attempting to steal sips of patrons fresh squeezed orange juice.  Don't worry, they won't sting.  Not out of kindness of their hearts but because they're not capable of stinging. Heavenly Biscuit has a menu but I don't understand why.  Any time I've been there the special has always been a biscuit with bacon, egg, a slice of tomato, and cheese and that's all I need.  It may not sound like much but once you bite into one of their biscuits you'll understand why there is a steady and constant flow of customers.   Not to mention all the five star reviews listed here. You simply will never find another biscuit this flaky, that melts in your mouth, without falling apart while you eat it.  Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and Heavenly Biscuit has one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Aside from the biscuits being out of this world the bacon is thick and always perfectly cooked.  The tomatoes taste like they've just been pulled off the vine.  I could eat here every morning for the rest of my life and never get sick of the food. The ladies who work at Heavenly Biscuit are wonderful.  They're always smiling and look like they're having fun.  They certainly contribute to the atmosphere and make everyone feel welcome.  Simply the BEST breakfast stop in the area... maybe any area.
Still as wicked awesome as ever!  I'm down here on vacation and keep stopping by to get some of those world famous cinnamon buns.....absolutely nothing in the world to compare them to!  I get enough to take home and eat now and save some for later, even after a day in the fridge they are perfect after microwaving and smothering in the icing....I can't believe how gernerous they are with the cinnamon sugar they roll the dough up in...that's their big secret, no cheapies there! Go Heavenly Biscuit, you Rock!!
Get there early and grab a seat.  Snag a couple cinnamon buns and anything on a biscuit.  Pour coffee.  Repeat. As much as we enjoyed Fort Myers Beach, there is definitely a charm factor that was lacking until we came across the Heavenly Biscuit.  A tiny place with only a few tables  awaited the 7 of us - low on space, high on charm. We snagged 5 cinnamon buns.  My 7 year old was in her glory...hot cinnamon buns loaded with brown sugar and icing...her normal monthly sugar intake all on a small circular paper plate. And then the special was bacon, egg, cheese and tomato on a biscuit.  It tasted like a BLT on steroids.  I was not sure about how the tomato would go with it, but after tasting the fresh tomato paired with the salty bacon, I will never be able to enjoy a bacon, egg and cheese the same way again. The 7 of us ate for 33 bucks.  I could go to any lame seafood place in Florida and get bad Chilean Sea Bass for 33 bucks, and the Heavenly Biscuit fed the whole family!  It was a miracle....heavenly. A place like this makes a vacation.  Go early and come back often.  You will never be the same.
Get thee to the Biscuit! They follow an excellent rule - do something really well and skip the rest. Here, you will find simply the best egg on a biscuit sandwiches anywhere, and some seriously tasty cinnamon rolls in case of the need for sweet in the morning. My go add ons are bacon, cheese and grilled tomato, but in truth you could slap anything between these biscuits and it'll work.
After driving straight through from MI to FL, our first stop at 9am was Heavenly Biscuit.  These biscuits are indeed heavenly.  The breakfast sandwiches we got were incredible!  The best part was the huge slice of grilled tomato.  Heavenly!!  The potatoes were delicious.  The cinnamon rolls were to die for.   The menu is simple and perfectly executed.  This little place is going to be my first stop next time I make it to FL.
I can't stop thinking about their heavenly salmon breakfast biscuit. I think the ladies put a spell on me. Lovely sirens calling me back for more. I'll be back as soon as I can.
This is a great little place. My only complaint was the wait was a little long for just two biscuit sandwiches to go. Otherwise the food is great and don't miss out on a cinnamon roll while you wait.
I knew that Heavenly Biscuit was a "must eat" during or vacation to Fort Myers Beach after seeing the reviews on Yelp.  It was all true!  Great food at a decent price.  Friendly service with great charm.  Everything we ate there was outstanding, and we went back several times.  My only knock was that they didn't have country ham and instead served honey ham.  When it comes to ham and biscuit, I think country ham is the only way to go.  The reasoning behind not having country ham (besides the fact that it is a heart attack waiting to happen) was that they couldn't find a decent country ham anywhere nearby.  I said "Cure your own!", but that seemed only to get laughs. Anyway, I recommend stopping into the Heavenly Biscuit if you are in FMB
We were in town for an athletic tournament and since we had an open morning, at the suggestion of many Yelpers, we decided to head out towards the beaches to see what it was all about.  It was worth the trip. The good - The cinnamon rolls are as good as advertised.  Perfect texture, they melt in your mouth.  Perfect blend of cinnamon and sugar and the glaze doesn't overpower the roll.  The atmosphere - the employees are down to earth and friendly. The so-so - It is a hole in the wall kind of place, but that kind of adds to its charm.  The biscuit sandwiches are decent.  I had the biscuit with fried chicken breast.  It tasted better as I ate more - probably because I didn't let it wait to cool enough.  It was obviously fresh and a large portion of chicken breast that was well seasoned and not heavily breaded. The bad - Not a thing.
Other than dirty tables, this place has the nicest staff. From the cooks to the people who take the orders, so friendly.  Also a lot of stuff to look at inside
Friends from Western NY told us about this place and made us take them there when they visited last month. I've always been indifferent about biscuits, so what could possibly be the big deal??? Well what a GREAT find Heavenly Biscuit was! It's our new first-stop when visiting the beach. The Breakfast Special biscuit is AWESOME. Apparently I'd never had a really good biscuit before this - hence the indifference! Tried the cinnamon rolls last time - ANOTHER great find! And we love the Key West-ish feel of the place. Everyone is laid back and happy. Not quite getting the stand-in-line to order, eat, then stand-in-line again to pay thing, but I'll do it every time for this tasty experience!!
This place is authentically awesome.  The banana bread pudding was off the chain.  I never new that egg whites and tomatoes could taste that good together on wheat bread.  Great bacon too.
The best, most heavenly cinnamon rolls in the universe, right here on the island! Not sure about the other items, but the cinnamon rolls ARE to die for.  I say this from experience...
Talk about making simple an awesome experience. Order a great breakfast, grab a soda out of the fridge, and wait for them to call you by first name to bring it to your table. This is a super cute place that you create your own biscuit. They will make pretty much anything you can dream up. I went for an English muffin with a home made sausage patty and cheese, covered with gravy. Two can get out for under $15 including drinks and a home made cinnamon role to eat while they make your breakfast. AWESOME.
Another year in FMB and another great breakfast! We had the cinnamon rolls and the breakfast sandwich special (biscuit, egg, tomato, and bacon) great taste and fairly priced. Don't miss the home fries!
Cinnamon roll. Biscuit with cheese bacon and egg.  This place was just fine.  Not as amazing as I would have hoped for with the reviews.  The service the day we went was so so.  The cinnamon rolls were pretty darn good.  My biscuit with egg cheese and bacon was meh.  I might be willing to give this place a try again, if I were ever in the neighborhood.
Holy crap. Might have been the best cinnamon rolls I've ever had. Seriously amazing. Not too doughy, perfectly cooked, just the right amount of sweet and cinnamon. Coffee was good, biscuit sandwiches were good, but I'd recommend the cinnamon rolls by far. Only complaint was the hour-plus wait...for BREAKFAST. But the husband and I agreed, the cinnamon rolls almost made that wait totally worth it.
UPDATE: Bee population is under control! Rating moves to 5 stars!!!! Best breakfast in the state! BEES. BEES EVERYWHERE. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE the food. but you can't sit down and enjoy your meal inside or outside this place without living in fear of the bees. If the bee population was controlled I would give 5 stars in a heartbeat.
As with every other review here, the food here is outstanding. When you cook with eggs and butter, it's kind of hard to mess this up. Yet when my wife gets the scrambled eggs, they're not well-scrambled -- more like half-scrambled. I enjoy the food here and definitely look forward to my visit to this place every time I come down to the Beach. But c'mon... How about cleaning the place once in awhile? It is filthy and looks like it hasn't been cleaned in years. Is some new paint that expensive? My wife doesn't like to come here any more just because of how grimy it is, so we may be ordering more of our breakfasts in the future "to go." Which is fine, because there's very limited seating. Also, the paying for your breakfast when you're done eating it (and not when you order it) is just weird, given that it's not a restaurant in the typical sense. It would be easier and make more sense to just pay for it when you order it. Go for the delicious breakfast food. But don't stay to eat it if you can help it.
Breakfast sandwiches are great, taste homemade. Home fries are delicious and seasoned well. If you have a sweet tooth, then their cinnamon roll is for you. Lacks a lot of seating but staff is friendly.
Extremely tiny, extremely loud, and always a wait.  But the wait is well worth it.  We rented a house 2 blocks away and walked down here 3 times during our week stay.  The cinnamon rolls are awesome, and so is the bacon, egg and cheese biscuit.
All I can say is wow!  This is a  little place with lots of character.  Went there and had the breakfast biscuit special with  an amazingly wonderful biscuit with bacon, egg and cheese and a nice thick slice of tomato.
No need for me to elaborate on as previous Yelpers covered just about everything. I was a bit skeptical because of the outside but boy oh boy was I happy I decided to trust my fellow Yelpers. Staff was INCREDIBLY friendly and welcoming.  I ordered more than I would normally so I could sample several items.  The special was an egg, cheese, bacon and fresh tomato on a biscuit.  I am not a huge biscuit fan but this combination was amazing, REALLY really good.  I too ordered a side of cheesy grits which were creamy, tasty and cooked perfectly.  I also tried a cinnamon roll and quickly agreed to extra frosting when offered.  Roll was nothing close to a cinnabon, thankfully.  Looked and tasted like grandma's rolls. Overall great dining experience.  I ate inside as my Michigander blood can't quite take the heat outside but the porch did have a nice fan to move air and a picnic table off the porch.   I will be back, thanks Heavenly Biscuit!
Awesome place! Small but quaint little place! You order, sit & then pay when you leave. Special biscuit of the day was the BLT with egg! Everything is homemade. Ordered that with the cinnamon roll to go (mega huge roll). We also had the salmon bagel with cream cheese. Everything was delicious! We are going back for lunch this week and try the hangover hamburger & fried chicken biscuit. Sounded awesome:) Good find on the  beach.
This is the kind of place you want to give your money to, not some corporate, golden arched breakfast joint.  Everything made from scratch, to order, with a smile.  More than reasonably priced. We squished into a table with a nice older couple, who were regulars.  Great conversation, wonderful biscuit breakfast sandwiches and fabulous cinnamon rolls.  Definitely pour on the icing, you're at the beach.  But if you are on a salt restricted diet, hold the home fries!
I recently visited some friends who live in Cape Coral, and on my first morning there they insisted we had to have breakfast at this little place in Fort Myers Beach called Heavenly Biscuit. We got there at about 9:30 on a Sunday morning and it was already very busy. My friends suggested that I try the Special - a large biscuit with bacon, cheese, egg and tomato. I got mine without the tomato, and I also ordered a cinnamon roll. These were fresh out of the oven, so it was nice and warm. It was a perfect way to start my vacation.
Worth the wait if there's a line. Better to walk from where you are it ride a bike if you can, not much parking. Always get a cinnamon roll to share, is delicious and there's usually a wait until your food comes out! You can make your biscuit sandwich with whatever you want and it will always be amazing! Make sure you have cash or they have an ATM inside if you don't mind paying the fee.
Cinnamon rolls are hella good. Small place with awesome food.  The ladies working couldn't have been nicer.  I was surprised to see other reviews say that they received poor service.   The biscuits are very good as expected.  I got a breakfast sandwich on the biscuit and have no complaints.  The coffee is good and the cinnamon rolls are very good.   You place your order, get self-serve coffee and then sit down.  They bring out the food and you pay after you eat.  The trust they have in their customers is kind of refreshing.   If it is crowded there is additional seating around back. There tends to be bees back there though so if your are allergic it may not be a great idea.   Overall Heavenly Biscuit is a great place to stop by and grab a sandwich or a cinnamon roll.   3.5/4, I am going to round up because the workers were so nice to me this morning. For more of my reviews see ShawnKemp.yelp.com
Really a super cute place to go and if you can get a table outside all the better. The cinnamon buns really are good and the biscuits are great as well. I would definitely go again
This was the most amazing breakfast I have ever had! The quiche was cooked perfectly and had a white creamy cheese in the middle (ricotta I think) . My boyfriend had the special which was a bacon cheese and egg sandwich on a biscuit- it was the softest most pillowy biscuit we have ever had! Delish! We also had the cinnamon roll for an app ad that was unbelievable!!! Totally recommend this place if you're around!
Hands down the best potato's I've had.   Really good service, just remember to bring your cash.  They are McD's prices but 1000 times the quality and flavor.   I have heard the line can be out the door, but this was not the case when I was there last.  Also, parking is a little limited.
Quick, delicious, extremely fresh, and wonderfully priced! The banana bread was out of this world, as were the cinnamon rolls! Highly recommend.
Absolutely ridiculous!!!
There is no better breakfast in South Florida or any place we've ever traveled. The cinnamon buns are decadent and the biscuits are top shelf. Fried chicken on biscuit with honey is on another level.
Awesome food!  cinnamon buns & bread pudding truly heavenly. Only getting 4 stars though due to seating being self serve, and spread out all over the place - inside and out. Irritates me that 2 girls grabbed a 4 seat table and our family of 4 couldn't fit at the 2 seat table so we say at a picnic table in the parking lot.  Otherwise, love this place.  we will return!
Although it doesn't look like much from the outside, if you eat anywhere for breakfast, it has to be the Heavenly Biscuit! 2 words... cinnamon rolls. I have been trying to duplicate them at home ever since, but no success. They are really as good as it gets!
I got the special, Egg, bacon, cheese and a tomato on a biscuit.  AMAZING! The tomato added exactly what it needed.  It wasn't over the top.  You will have to wait for your food (20-30 min) but well worth it.  The cinnamon buns... OMG the homemade rolls and the frosting were warmed to perfection and drizzled with as much frosting as you want.  You pay before leaving but this place, as very comfortable feeling, cheap and if you're in Fort Myers beach you should definitely make a stop.  The parking is limited and the wait time is a little long but trust me well worth it.
This place was awesome! We spent a week in Sanibel and Ft. Myers Beach area. This was the most unique (and cheapest) meal that we ate out. Cinnamon roll was divine and the biscuits with egg, bacon, etc. were fantastic. Atmosphere was fun too - right near the beach in a little ol' house.
Great food!! Wife and I had breakfast here this morning and while there was little room to really move around, the food was fantastic.  Guess if you have really good food for a good price you would be busy though.  Give this place a try, had the cinnamon roll and egg, bacon, cheese, tomato biscuit.
Prbably the best food I had while staying in Fort Myers Beach. Highly recommend.
So glad I read Yelp reviews and found this gem!  Very good, delicious food. So it's small, who cares! I had a nice table inside, the ladies who run it are sweet and our conversation was welcoming and pleasant. I ordered the special biscuit with bacon, egg, tomato and cheese. It was the best slice of tomato  I'd ever had. The biscuit was fresh and I thought it would crumble, and it started to, but the cheese acted as a bonding agent and the thing held together. Half-order of home fries, yum. 4 cinnamon rolls to go for the teens...they were in total awe. I asked for extra frosting. Going back tomorrow before I return home to Michigan.
So good!  I usually order a cinnamon roll while I wait for the rest of my order.  The staff is extremely nice too!
Cinnamon rolls are awesome! Love it.
Incredible! 5 stars all the way. Nicest people, cool little store. Love it.
Love this place. We were able to sit and eat the cinnamon rolls and breakfast sandwiches on July 23, 2013. Location is tough to get in and out with a car but it is doable. Seating is limited otherwise get it to go.
Terrific place for breakfast.  We try and visit every trip to Ft. Myers Beach.  I know it sounds crazy but I always get a side of tomatoes with my eyes.  They sautee them and they are incredible.
Best biscuits and sweet rolls ever!  We couldn't wait to get back and it's better than we rembered
The biscuits here are heavenly!  Eat at this restaurant!  This is a VERY casual, partially self serve place.  It is SMALL with limited seating.  Go in with the right attitude and you will be rewarded with some of the best biscuits you have EVER had!  We all loved it, and there were six of us ranging in age from 80 to 14.
I have to admit that I never would have found or pulled into this place if not for the great Yelp reviews. Just HAD to try their famous cinnamon rolls. They didn't disappoint! They were so rich I had trouble finishing just 1. MUST TRY.
Great place, very funky vibe, great fresh juices, live music, will definitely go back!!!!
Wife and I just bicycled 24 miles and stopped in for a late breakfast.  Cinnamon roll is a must along with the home fries.  The last three miles were a little more difficult.
Awesome breakfast. Great value for what you get. Avoid the cinnamon rolls; the one we got was quite stale. Everything else was amazing. Potatoes were great as was the service.
If you haven't been go. Nough said
Go for the biscuity cinnamon rolls. Stay for the awesome service and some AMAZING fried potatoes and onions. Then go back to sleep..
We walked over here on Saturday morning from our hotel, and were so glad that we did!  One word: scrumptious!  Our party of three kept it simple with cinnamon rolls and buttered biscuits.  De-lish.  Cute place, small but cozy, friendly service. CASH ONLY, but they have an ATM right there for you. Get thee to the Heavenly Biscuit!  :o)
I don't under the excitement over microwaved cinnamon rolls, but the biscuits are excellent and the home fries look scrumptious. Friendly service. Eating outdoors in pleasant weather was nice, but one can feel swarmed by both wasps and WASPs.
This is a model breakfast joint. Every one of its five star ratings is well deserved.  I will add that the cinnimon buns are excellent, and the outside dining is nice on a breezy day.
Great little place that gives you an "at home" feel, and comfort breakfast. I will be returning many more times.
Friendly staff, awesome cinnamon buns, yummy biscuit! Downside, like many mentioned, tiny place and hard to find place to sit. Ended up taking food to go.
Simply the BEST breakfast / brunch you can ever experience. The ladies are so lovely and the service is impeccable. I went 4 days in a row and that was more satisfying than any fling you can imagine. Kudos.
Hands down the best breakfast in Southwest Florida. Tiny little converted beach house that makes basically two things - biscuit sandwiches and cinnamon rolls - but they are so good you'll find yourself jonesing to come back for them all the time. It has become a standard "cheat day" diet staple for me.
My Wife and I ate here on 4-13-13 and I have to say that this was the best breakfast I've had in a long time. We were here visiting form St. Louis celebrating our anniversary. The people inside were nice and friendly . It's a rather small place and you may have to wait awhile for your good or a table BUT its definitely worth the wait!!
Don't leave Fort Myers Beach without having the Cinnamon rolls, if you do, you have done yourself an injustice.  These rolls are completely out of control.  The biscuits are good too but only second to the star of the place which is the Cinnamon roll.  It's served right out of the pan, the bottom of the roll is prefectly soaked with a cinnamon buttery goodness, the middle is more dry and cake like and the top is crunchy baked cake..all sugary and cinnamon-y and it all comes together underneath the extra coating of icing.  A-MA-ZING!
After reading online reviews about this place, we walked 1.5 miles from our hotel to try it out. We are so glad we did! The menu is short and sweet -- biscuits, food you could stuff in the biscuit, and sides. My husband relished his country fried steak slathered in gravy, sandwiched in a fluffy, buttery, moist biscuit. He spent his childhood in Kentucky, so he knows what this stuff is supposed to taste like! I happily  chomped on a biscuit sandwich stuffed with perfectly grilled salmon and a slice of tomato. We shared a side of home-fried potatoes and we could see whole chunks of freshly cut potatoes and grilled onions throughout. We also loved the little juice stand right outside this cafe. The woman juiced fresh fruit right in front of you and we had this juice with our biscuit sandwiches. As noted by other reviewers, this is a CASH ONLY establishment. You order at the counter inside, and then choose a seat inside or outside. In about 10-15 minutes, the server brings the food to you. Then after scarfing this delicious food, you return inside to the counter to pay. The prices are incredibly affordable given the quality of our food. Both our sandwiches and sides cost us total $12.50! The view from the front patio is of the street and it's pretty interesting, but we were too entranced with the food. If we ever return to the area, we'll definitely want to have some more Heavenly Biscuits!
Tiny Rinky dink shack on the side of Mango Street, right on fort myers beach.  Walk-in order, they had fresh baked cinnamon rolls on the counter which were amazing and also some bread pudding which I did not taste.  The special for the day was a biscuit with egg, bacon, tomato and cheese, SO GOOD.  Their grits were great too, buttery perfection.  I had the egg whites with grilled tomato and wheat toast, really good!  Also tried the salmon and bagel, the salmon was not nova or lachs, it was actually a filet of thick salmon!  Great prices, super cheap!  Come, you will not be disappointed unless that is you require or are seking fancy smancy mimosas and fine linens.
Excellent breakfast and great atmosphere. The are efficient but very laid back.
Fresh, hot, tasty and friendly...  Small, but quaint and kiddy friendly.  Tons of beverage options with the cinnamon roll a much-taste.  The front porch was cozy early in the am.  This is the only breakfast I hit here, but would go back again for sure.  Yummy sausage and reasonably priced.
Go for the breakfast, but don't miss out on the cinnamon rolls.  It is almost impossible to drive by without stopping in.
Very small, dirty and poor service.  The cinnamon roll was ok and the fresh juice was good.  Coffee was full of grounds and the place was infested with bees.  She screwed our order up twice and then fed the couples that came in after us before us.  With our food.  There are better places for breakfast on the island.  I am confused by all of the great rating for a place with three tables and obvious cleanliness issues.
Best breakfast sandwich I've had in a long while. What a treasure.
Heavenly Biscuit did not disappoint.  I had an egg and cheese on a biscuit. My wife had a biscuit with sausage and cheese.  I should have also had an additional side of biscuits!  The biscuit was moist and flavorful.  The fresh squeezed orange and strawberry juice at the stand out front was also great.  The process for ordering and getting your food is clearly spelled out at the entrance and the staff is very friendly. If I had it to do over again, I wouldn't have waited until my last day in Florida to try it! The next time in the area, I will certainly be back.
Safe to say that this place is amazing! The biscuits were tasty, the sausage was homemade which means delicious, the grilled chicken was some of the best ever - juicy and tender and tasty, potatoes and onions - delicious, and the cinnamon bun was fantastic! Service was great, ambiance was wonderful and quaint, and the food was fantastic! I had sausage, cheese, and egg whites on a biscuit. My boyfriend had grilled chicken, cheese, and egg on a biscuit. Both were so good, I'm convinced you can't go wrong with whatever you get there! Make sure to stop by for breakfast and snap up a seat if and when you see one!
Outstanding biscuit sandwiches! Also try the cinnamon rolls. Don't be fooled by the dive atmosphere, great place.
Great little mom & pop establishment. Food and service were top notch. Will defiantly be back.
Simply amazing!! Super friendly. Irresistible cinnamon rolls. My wife and I got the exact same order twice because we were that happy with it. She got egg whites with seasoned & grilled tomatoes. I had the daily special biscuit with bacon, egg, & cheese. All of this with two drinks and the sweet roll for a bargain price. If you want to sit outside you might need to shoo away some files, but this is more than made up for by the fruit stand directly across from their deck. If I am ever back in Fort Myers Beach, I am sure that I will stop at Heavenly Biscuit.
My boyfriend and I were down in the Bonita Springs area for vacation and we wanted to find a good local place for breakfast.  This place was fantastic.  The biscuits were amazing, and the cinnamon rolls were tasty, too.  The place itself was small and easy to miss, but if you're in the area, I highly recommend stopping by.  Very, very tasty.  :)
Fantastic biscuits, softest I've ever had. Sausage egg & cheese biscuit highly recommend. Cinnamon rolls are homemade and also fantastic. Cash only. Very small quaint place, great customer service. Hours are currently 7:30-1:00pm. Serve some lunch options also.
Best biscuits in the area. Great food and excellent service. I always enjoy grabbing some breakfast sandwiches to go and bringing it to my family on the beach.
What a great little spot for breakfast. Delicious homemade biscuits and cinnamon rolls. Not a lot of seating, so I would recommend getting there early. We will definitely visit Heavenly Biscuit each time we are in town.
Awesome food! Great friendly service.  Always make sure to have breakfast at the biscuit at least 2x a trip!!
Excellent biscuits and cinnamon rolls.  Reasonably priced.  We brought our kids there and they could run around outside. The fresh produce and fresh squeezed OJ was also really good.  Overall, a very good simple breakfast.
Wow!  This place is amazing!
I followed the suggestions of other yelpers and checked this place out while at Fort Myers Beach on a late Saturday morning. We tried to park here. The place is so tiny I abandoned the car at our vacation rental and walked. The wait for food was about 30 minutes but we were in no rush. I had a bacon, egg, and cheese on a biscuit and my boyfriend had a BLT.  We both ordered the home fries.  Our food was tasty but extremely greasy.  I snagged a cinnamon bun for the road and let's just say I refused to share any of it with my boyfriend. Yes, it was that good! Thankfully I was not calorie conscious that day.
Cute little place on Ft. Myers Beach.  Locals def think this is a fan favorite.  Food is good...but also very unhealthy so that's the reason I didn't rate it better.  There's also very limited seating.  The first time we went there we left b/c there was no where to sit with only about 6 tables.  Second time there was barely anyone there though so we were able to sit right away.  Food tasted good though.  My husband and I both got sausage biscuits with egg.  He got with cheese and I got w/out but with a side of gravy.  Very much comfort food.  Biscuits were fresher than fresh, and a real good size for the price of the sandwich.  Very affordable too.  I'm not dying to go back here, but I'm sure in the 6 months I'm living on the island I'll go back at least one more time to eat again.
I gave this 5 stars for the food not the decor.  It is located in an old very small house (not on the beach)..There are a few tables inside and a few tables on the porch.  They do a lot of take-out too.  You stand in line to order, they bring your food to your table and then pay after you are finished eating.  The sweet Ice tea is very good and you help yourself to refills.  Their biscuits are light and fluffy.  The cinnamon rolls are heaven.  We only had breakfast so I can't comment on lunch.  The prices are very reasonable.
This place is one of those if you are within a two hour drive and you want a great breakfast sandwich its worth the trip.
It was my turn to pick a spot for breakfast while vacationing in Ft. Myers Beach. With a quick check of Yelp's reviews i picked Heavenly Biscuit. I had the Chicken biscuit and the bride built hers from the menu with egg, cheese, and tomato. Awesome food, and the biscuit was good from first bite to last. Tiny intimate place, with good coffee and tons of hot sauces to choose from.
I decided to try this based on the yelp reviews and was not disappointed. While the options are limited they are very good options.
I don't get it! I've eaten here twice. The reviews always say best breakfast in town, but I think the food is mediocre at best. The biscuits are ok not great. Granted they are big but bigger is not always better. I wasnt impressed the first time, but I figured I would give it a second chance  This last time,  I got mine with eggs and sausage patty. Both were overcooked. The sausage was completely dried out and yet still managed to be greasy! The paper wrapper literally stuck to the table because the grease had hardened by the time I finished eating. So gross! I personally think it's overpriced and the place is so small the service is super slow.  I say skip it and grab some pancakes somewhere else.  Yelp asked if it was good for kids- I say no way. You'll be waiting a while!
Simply the best breakfast on the beach. Cheap, delicious and friendly. The daily special is AWESOME!!!!
I had the special this morning, bacon, egg, cheese and tomato on a biscuit sandwich. Truly amazing! I also tried one of their famous sweet rolls, which are to die for. Very cute, but small. Turnover occurs quickly so spots to sit open up but they get a lot of traffic, so get there before 9 if you can.
Your quintessential mom and pop breakfast quick stop. Friendly, fast service with a warm smile. Food was good but simple (can't mess up egg and cheese on a biscuit , right?). Def scores points for your typical beach decor.
good biscuits, biscuit sandwiches and warm, gooey cinnamon bun. why are you still reading this?? go get the cinnamon bun. now. do it. doo it!
I'm not a biscuit person, but after having one of these babies fresh out the oven. I'm a Heavenly Biscuit person! Customer Service wowed me above and beyond. I enjoyed the cinnamon roll covered and smothered in yummy sugary drizzle. Coffee was coffee. HOME FRIES was enough to share with 2 other people. DELICIOUS. Great hole in the wall, cheap eats with lots of home made food.
The best! Try the salmon or chicken biscuit for lunch. The carrot cake is to die for!  So are the cinnamon rolls.
Really good food.  Yes - everyone's right -  the cinnamon bun is to die for.  Biscuits are great, not that I'm a connoisseur.   The staff is friendly.   The atmosphere?  I'm totally cool with shabby chic and a few steps below but this place takes it all to a new low level.  Waaay below kitschy and cute.  I'm counting on the Lee County Board of Health to have taken a really good look at the kitchen.
So freaking cute! Everything from the environment to the employees is quirky and has a good vibe. Try the cinnamon roll! (oh and they don't take credit card, but there is an ATM)
Its great-  if you are in FMB you have to go, biscuits are great, very casual - cash only though (there's an ATM)
yummy yummy yummy egg and cheese on a biscuit ($4)-- people line up for cinnamon buns and they sell out by 10am atmosphere: looks like your grandma's house with people eating at small tables (there are 3) in a 10x12 dining room - plus a few more on the porch (careful of the bees ) staff: wonder!
2 words: cinnamon rolls. Get them. They are smothered in an amazing icing that is literally poured out of a large pitcher. The roll itself is perfect baked - slightly crispy on the edges and gooey in the middle. I wish I didn't live 7 states away. This would be my new weekend brunch place of choice.
Down home, southern breakfast-brunch cooking done perfectly.  Budget priced too.
My favorite breakfast place on the island. Great homemade biscuits decked out with eggs, bacon, cheese, basically any way you want it. Also some yummy cinnamon rolls.  Don't need to dress up; this is about as casual as it gets.
What can I say other than WOW. The cinnamon rolls are the BEST!!!  Want more icing, just ask nicely. The daily special is awesome as well as their home fries. If you are really hungry, got to try to "Hangover Helper". Well worth it!
Amazing food. Amazing breakfast. Easily the best on the beach and probably the best i've had anywhere. It's a must stop.
We live in Fort Myers, but decided to spend the weekend at the beach.  I checked Trip Advisor and Yelp to see if there were breakfast places we didn't know about.  Heavenly Biscuit sounded good so we gave it a try.  It's in a small house, right off the main road, and if there wasn't always a crowd, it would be easy to miss it. There are directions outside that explain how to order.  When you go inside, the smell from the fresh baked cinnamon rolls is well, heavenly!  Those are instantly heated, with icing poured over the top. Any other breakfast you want, you need to make sure you aren't in a rush.  Everything is made to order and with the crowds that are there, it does take a bit, but it's worth the wait! On Sunday morning, they even had live music.  This is a place not to be missed.
I don't know how I missed this place after coming down here for all these years.  Found it on Yelp and went for "brunch."  Had the cinnamon roll - it was amazing with the glaze poured from the pitcher.  I ordered both the ham and the fried chicken biscuits.  The ham biscuit became a late night snack as the chicken biscuit was a monster of perfection!  My husband had the biscuits in gravy. They won - he could not finish.  The gravy was a little thick.  The unsweetened ice tea was great too.  We went back again today but did not order as much food.  No more trips ... I would end up weighing a million pounds.  Oh, forgot about the home fried potatoes.  Very nicely done indeed.  We will be back - maybe not this trip though.  I need to fit in my clothes.  :)
A habit I indulged daily with the help of a 50¢ slice of cheese big enough to split into two (cheddar) from the outrigger hotel. That said, how can you really charge $1 for onions?? For potatoes...and $3 for a small cinnamon roll? My husband loved the ham and I the sausage...sorry I didn't eat fake cheese....maybe offer a choice....the restaurant has it going on....
