Well... I was hesitant to go here at first but, I am really glad I did... the wait staff was probably one of the best I have encountered The food.. well.. it was amazing! Unfortunately, I couldn't tell you the name of the food I ate but it was awsome. Ordered the beef loin in a cheese sauce for appetizer and it was seasoned perfect and tasted fantastic. For the main course I ordered the daily special... it was mahi mahi, shrimp, calamari, scallops, mussels, rice, plantains,  and a mild sauce... and it was huge! You need to try this place it is awesome
Great experience for our first time. Mixed ceviche was delicious and the meals were incredible. Our party of five left super happy and we are coming back for sure. Very friendly service as well. Highly recommend even if you have to drive a little out of your way.
Inca's was the first place I went to eat when I came to Naples, and I most certainly wasn't disappointed. It provides a unique experience for the area. Rather than the usual bread and butter starter, Inca's provides their patrons with a kind of puffed corn (of which Peru has several varieties), with three dipping sauces to choose. While it is a little awkward to handle the little morsels (still not sure if they are supposed to be a finger food or if you are supposed to use a fork), they do prove to be a good pallet cleanser. Appetizers are also quite the treat. If you are a fan of seafood, look no further. The first time I had ceviche was at Inca's, and have been searching for a better place since, and have failed at every turn. At other restaurants in the area, if they do serve ceviche, they only serve one variety. Inca's has several, my favorite being the ceviche mixto, which combines white fish, squid and shrimp in a wonderful medley citrus succulence. Expanded review to come.
Incas kitchen is the most flavorful, savory, and delicious food I have had in Naples. Every time I leave I plan out what dish I will have next! The sauces are so rich and unique in flavor. Definitely recommend making a trip out east to dine at this gem! Your tastebuds will thank you! :)
Modern, yet quaint establiahment in Naples to try eclectic Peruvian food. Our waitress was phenomenal with recommending certain dishes. Upon ordering, they provide Peruvian popcorn with 3 dips to try them in--very yummy and I found myself mixing all 3 dips into 1. Of course--it's a Portuguese cultural thing. lol. We started with tapas plate that came with mixed ceviche which is Shrimp, Fish and Squid served with citrus lime juice, Ají limo, onions --reminded me of day uncle and dad's snail salad around the holidays. The other small plate that accompanied this was aBeef Loin on a creamy cheese sauce with Ají Amarillo and Peruvian salsa. So yummy I aSked for bread (which came out toasted) to dip into sauce. Lol. We shared the Pollo Saltado--chicken sauté which was White Chicken meat, onions, tomatoes, yellow peppers sautéed with cilantro flambé and soy sauce. Served with starches--yucca, potatoes, Peruvian rice. Perfect as a initial dish to try out a authentic Peruvian fish without over doing it. Throughout dinner we quenched our thirst with homemade sangria which was a delight. Will definitely return when in area.
I am SO glad we came here. The food was beyond delicious and flavorful. Large portions. Classy decor. Friendly service. If you are in Naples or passing through, I strongly suggest you check this place out! Not only is it accommodating at anytime besides the written Monday. Appetizers: beef loin, calamari and the hominy with sauces. Entrees: a soupy seafood broth and a steak pesto pasta with chimmi churri. Pics enclosed. Too full to even attempt a glance of their dessert menu. Very flavorful, large selection of meal choices and palates, and classy.
5 stars esp for location U prob won't find better in this area Great decor Food delicious Ceviche great I had pollo soltado could have had more tomatoes on it chicken excellent taste Service very good to excellent
This is the only Peruvian food I've ever had and now I have been here multiple times. Every time I go the customer service is amazing and the food is absolutely delicious. I have tried over 10 dishes now and not one has let me down.
Phenomenal service and some of the best Peruvian food I've had in my life (even better than the upscale restaurants in New York City)! I had the rice with a seafood medley and found it very appetizing. My wife didn't like her dish so they got her a free piece of chocolate cake. It was raining outside so the owner brought us to our car with his umbrella. Unbelievable service and food! Highly recommended!
We heard lots of good things about Inca's, so we went there with high expectations.  We were pleased by the greeting we got.  The atmosphere was pleasant.  The service was top shelf.  Everything was pointing to a 5 star experience. My wife had a glass of chicha that she was very pleased with.  In fact she's been doing web searches in an attempt to purchase some more.  I had jugo which wasn't bad, but it tasted like apricot nectar you can get at any supermarket. We ordered Pescado Macho and Frutos del Mar.  Both dishes were seafood and were overcooked to the point that they could've been rubber.  Really unfortunate because the flavoring was quite good.  We ate some, but took the rest home.  There was no way to rescue it.  We dumped it in the disposal after I tried using some of the rubberized calamari as bait at a nearby beach.  Even the other fish wouldn't eat it. For gedunk we split the Crema Volteada.  This was GOOD!  Sort of flan pie.   If you go to Inca's,  avoid seafood and get the Crema Volteada.  Wash it down with chicha.
Even though they were all booked for the night they found a table for us somehow. Great service and Ceviche!
You already see the amount of stars, and quantity of reviews, they're spot on. Great place. Delicious, flavorful food, fair portions, look forward to going back!
The first and only Peruvian food I've eaten. The calamari appetizer is a HUGEEEE portion, so keep that in mind! They were perfectly breaded and tender, a great way to start a meal off. I tried the Parihuela the first time I came here. It was loaded with seafood! The only thing is that I found it to be a bit salty, to the point where I had to ask for a side of rice to help me balance the flavors out. The second time I came I had the Tiradito Nikkei, which is an asian style ceviche. When it came out I didn't realize it would be heavily sauced, but luckily the marinade was light. I also had the pescado a lo macho. The fish was nice and flaky, and the flavors went well together. Service has always been friendly and helpful, especially if you're not familiar with the cuisine. Definitely a must in Naples!
I want to reprise my lament that going out to eat anywhere other than Mel's Diner with my elderly parents is a challenge. They are from blue collar stock and they have a xenophobia about any food that they haven't eaten a billion times before.... so I dragged them into this place given that I was leaving for a month long visit to the Peruvian Amazon the next day.  After getting them past the dim light and explaining ad nauseum what some of the dishes were about... we got the order in, and everything... simply everything was fabulous. They ate every bite and practically licked the plates. They still comment to this day on how good it was. I've eaten in many Peruvian restaurants in the US and Peru and this one is top notch. Kudos to their very patient and very classy staff. I was frankly surprised at how fancy this place was given its location. Can't wait to go back.
One of the best restaurants in Naples, let alone best Peruvian restaurant. The Wari Fish is one of my favorites. One time they tried to up charge me to a more expensive dish but it wasn't as good. The service is generally very good though.
I convinced my parents to branch outside their usual Naples spots and am very glad I did. The food, wine and service here was above and beyond. I've had some (trendy) Peruvian food before in NYC, but this placed topped when it came to being authentic. The moment you walked in, we were greeted with smiles by the owner's family.  If your parents enjoy good food and wine but are hesitant at venturing east of 41, Inca's is totally a safe bet. Standouts includes the ceviche, filet, lomo saltado and the tempranillo wine. The servers here are very knowledgeable and will be able to help you select an entree if you're totally unfamiliar with the menu. The only detraction (and I mean only) from an otherwise amazing dinner experience was the lighting situation. Apparently, there was an electrical issue and the fluorescent lights were the only source working. It was a little obnoxiously bright inside, but had the regular lights been working, the ambience would have better matched the outstanding food. But hardly enough to knock it down a star. Next time you're in Naples, give Inca's a try.
Prior to this trip I hadn't dined on Peruvian cuisine...I now want to dine on it regularly!  One of the more memorable dining experiences I've had in a good while.  As we came to expect in the area, it was located in a strip mall in a spot that seemed far away from anything else. Upon entering, we were greeted by the staff who were incredibly welcoming and cordial. The place was much more upscale feeling than I expected given the fact that "kitchen" is in the name. Good low mood lighting, nicer decor and conversation allowing music set the stage. The pre dining snack was roasted corn with 2 pepper dipping saucea and one mint one. This stuff was good enough to shove in your pockets and keep getting refills! Not super filling but super good! Our trio appetizer includes a brilliant ceviche with shrimp, octopus and white fish. Perfect amount of spice and lime. We asked for more corn to sop up the juice! The papa a la huincaina was solid, but the gem was the lomo a la huincaina. Beef in a lovely cheese sauce - reminiscent in words of beef-a-roni I know - seriously this may have been the best appetizer I've ever had.easily in top three! For dinner the folks in our group had Lomo Saltado - a beef loin in a delicious sauce. The presentation on this was phenomenal and the flavor was spectacular. The Lomo de Puerco al Inca was a pork loin with an orange reduction. Very good. I had the Pescado a lo Macho and it was BOSS! Really good fish, shrimp, scallops and other seafood, served over a bed of rice with some delicious mango salsa on top. We didn't save room for dessert, but when we go again, I'll certainly be loosening the belt for it. One of the more memorable and delicious meals I've had in a long time and a place that I'd frequent if we lived less than 1500 miles away. This spot is a gem and one that others in the area should be checking out if not hyping up!
YUM! Best Lomo Saltado in the area!!! Perfectly tender and seasoned meat sautéed with cilantro, tomatoes, onions, and some kind of soy sauce base. I don't know if it's just the soy sauce speaking to my Chinese heart, but this Peruvian cuisine knows what it's talking about!!! Every dish that came out looking like a piece of art. My boyfriend ordered the Tallarin Verde con Churrasco (Churrasco steak with Peruvian pesto pasta). DELICIOUS! Every appetizer that we've tried was also very tasty. You really can't go wrong with what you order in terms of the appetizers and main dinners. Some of my favorites are the Causa Trio, the Conchitas Parmesan, and the fried white fish. For dessert, we've had the picarones donut-like things. I personally wasn't a fan... I don't know if it was burnt or something, but it had a really odd flavor. Be sure to make a reservation for dinner! They get packed! The staff is alway super attentive. They keep your drinks filled and are quick to take away any finished plates. It's weird... but my family seems to have really bad luck with mosquitos when we go to the restaurant. The 2 out 3 times I've been there, I got bit up by some pesky mosquito under the table. It doesn't deter me from the delicious food though! Just maybe next time... I'll have to wear some bug spray on my legs. Go to Inca's Kitchen!!! NOW!!
WOW! That's all I have to say... Found this place randomly on yelp, trying to find a new and different place to eat in Naples. Probably the best meal I've truly enjoyed in a looooong time! Went during lunch time, it was completely empty! Buuuut I figured it must get busier at night, because they have so much seating it's ridiculous lol. They serve a free mini appetizer before the meal, I forgot the name of it (its like a bigger sized popcorn seed, but a crunchy bready texture... idk, it's Peruvian) but I feel like it was perfect because you could eat enough to keep you satisfied and at the same time not fill you up before the entree comes out. It was also served with a trio of different sauces. The menu was really overwhelming at first, maybe because there's a lot to choose from, but I ended up getting the Lomo Saltado (beef loin sauté). That first bite was MAGICAL! And then I thought "Thank God I'm not a vegetarian!" It's a beef dish with onions and tomato served in a cilantro and soy sauce mixture and rice and potato fries on the side. I definitely recommended this dish! My boyfriend had a similar dish called Marisco Saltado, but instead of beef it had a variety of seafood (mussles, fish, scallops, and squid). It was good, but I'm still in love with my Lomo Saltado! The serving portions are very large as well! But if your on a budget, a majority of the menu items are at least $14-18 or more, so I wouldn't recommend this place if you're EXTREMELY tight on cash. Other than that, if you've got a craving for Peruvian food, gotta check this place out!
OK I'm from Miami so I've had tried many Peruvian restaurants.  It's my favorite among S. American cuisines because it's more than just slabs or shreds of meat. On my way to Tampa, we want to try something beyond the chains along I-75, and thanks to Yelp, we find this place.   Our first pleasant surprise is when they brought out the choclo, the waitress took the time to explain what the sauces are and how to enjoy the corn.  In good English.  Wow, I've never had that in Miami. Granted, this is Naples, they don't expect you to speak Spanish and that you grow up eating tamales, but for us this deserves a big star.     There are the staples of Lomo Saltada, Ceviche, Papa a la Huancaína, Chupe de Camarones, and all that, but also something more fusiony for the un-initiated.  Like Inca Burger with Huancaína sauce and Queso Blancom or Inca Jambalaya.  All the dishes are artfully presented, cooked with fresh ingredients and deliciously flavored.  The wait staff is nice and the place spacious and clean.  I like this place a lot better than many I've been to in Miami!
Thanks yelp and Inca's kitchen, on my recent trip to Florida I asked yelp for help and Inca's kitchen popped up as a suggestion.  On the way back a week later I just had to make a detour to try them again...  Awesome food and great welcoming staff... I would guess all they have is good, but the mixed ceviche and the vegetarian quinoa dish are heavenly... Thanks,
We loved the food so much our first time we've always said we'd come back. The decor is great, service was very good and the food was excellent.  Nothing else to say.  Except - be sure to make reservation during season.
Delicious Jalea, and their service is worth 10 stars. A manager called Miguel, made my Bday dinner a blast. Will definitely come back on my next trip to Naples!!!
I've eaten at Inca's 3 times and i can honestly say it's the three best meals of my life. Service is outstanding, the space is hip.  I wish I lived closer so I could routinely have best meals of my life.
Immediately the environment was very welcoming thanks to the friendly staff, who were very accommodating for my godmother--who needs a walker and also a full explanation of everything "ethnic" on any menu. I tried my best to help her, but Peruvian food differs very much from my usual Puerto Rican cuisine. Our waiter knew the menu inside and out, and I myself learned quite a lot from his descriptions and background information about the traditional Peruvian dishes their menu items are based off of. The food had not a single flaw in all three courses. I can't wait to go back for round two.
During our honeymoon, we wanted to try as many restaurants as possible while staying on beautiful Marco Island. Inca's Kitchen was recommended to us by a banker in town who told us that this was the best place in Naples. I had been to a Peruvian restaurant in Indianapolis and had liked it, but never would I have ever thought that Inca's Kitchen would blow me away the way it did. Starting with the service, it was quite spectacular with the exception of a delay towards the end as the waitress seemed to have gotten quite busy unexpectedly. The ambiance was exactly what we were looking for - a bit upscale, but yet casual enough for you to feel very comfortable wearing shorts and sandals. We started with an appetizer that just took us to heaven and back. It was a duo that had a ceviche and a piece of lomo with a cheesy sauce...Both were great, but this place is famous for its seafood...you must have a ceviche..it is spectacular. My wife ordered a lomo (beef loin)  beautifully decorated with chimichurri and  cheese sauce. After 5 days, she is still talking about it. The meat was incredibly tender and flavorful. I got a great seafood dish - according to the menu, it is the most well-known seafood dish in Peru. The shrimp on my plate was pretty big - it was a whole shrimp (eyes included) that just kept on asking me to stop sucking its shell. It says so in the menu if you are interested in learning more about it. It was also exquisite and one of the most flavorful dishes that I have ever had. I travel for work and as a result, have gone a large number of restaurants. This was by far one of the best dishes that I have ever had. To drink, we had sangria..a whole jar of it, which I highly recommend as well. And oh yeah, how I could I forget talking about their dessert...I can't remember the name, but according to the waitress, it was very authentic..It had a fried doughnut with a delicious ice cream. Overall, one of the best restaurants that I have ever been to...a must if you are in the area!
We went here for lunch for the first time the other day, and the food and service was really good. Our server was super attentive and she was there, and everywhere for that matter, whenever she was needed, and always had a smile on her face. We had the calamari appetizer, which was huge. I'm always a little wary whenever there is that much calamari on a plate as it tends to get a bit chewy or a bit fishy tasting, but this calamari was crisp and crunchy and perfectly cooked. 4 of us devoured this plate in a few minutes. PRO TIP: If you order the calamari, don't use the tartar sauce that they bring out with it for dipping, use the spicy sauce that they bring out with the corn at the beginning of the meal, its excellent. My wife ordered the cilantro beef stew which was also quite a large meal. Just by looking at the beef on the plate you could tell that it had been slow cooking for hours. It was literally falling apart as we looked at it. She was kind enough to give me a bite and it really was quite flavorful. She enjoyed it very much. Even though its called cilantro beef stew, there is not an overwhelming cilantro flavor (or much of one at all), so fear not. I ordered the Imperial grilled steak. Now I love steak, and I really love trying steaks made from different cuisines. I assumed this particular steak would be made in the same manner as the other dishes, with some Peruvian flavors and spices, but alas, it was just a regular steak. The menu says New York strip, but it seemed a bit more like a regular flank steak. The saving grace here was that it was cooked perfectly to medium temp, and was still yummy and tender. PRO TIP: The steak comes with some marinated red onions and an egg over easy. Pile that stuff up on the steak and have at it. My mother-in-law had the Ceviche Mixto, which she had once before and loved so much that she ordered it again, and my father-in-law had a duo platter that also looked amazing. He ate it so fast though that I'm not sure I remember what was on it. PRO TIP: If you can't decide which type of ceviche or tiradito that you want, get yourself a duo or trio platter. They are tapas sized versions of the bigger meal and you get to try whichever ones you choose, you don't have to decide on just one.
This place is absolutely 5 stars. I wasn't to happy about driving from downtown to 95-1 but once I ate there I can tell you it's definitely worth it! Our server was amazing, we told him it was our first time and he pretty much ordered everything from our apps, dinner and dessert. Not one thing we didn't like. Definitely the way to go if your not familiar with Peruvian food and aren't picky on what you eat.
Great food. Totally out in the Gate (meaning out where hood meets redneck land). Real sleeper restaurant with great food. I was referred by a Peruvian that swore by the quality of this place. I liked it. Ambiance when I went was drab but who cares anyways
This was my formal introduction to Peruvian food, and Inca's Kitchen was a the fine candidate for opening up my horizons and showing me what South American food has to offer. This place stands up to any upscale restaurant in downtown Naples.
One of the best dinners we had in Naples, since moving here a year ago (and trying lots of restaurants). An original menu with too many interesting choices for one visit.  Everything we had was perfectly prepared and delightfully flavored. Try the Tacu Tacu, one of the ceviches, and the Lomo with onions and tomatoes.
We're from Puerto Rico, and we like flavor in our food. We moved to Naples a few months ago and couldn't find a good restaurant with the flavor we're accustomed. Then we found Inca's Kitchen. Everything from the staff to the food was excellent!!! Our waiter Miguel knew the menu upside down, was very courteous and his recommendations were great. We had ceviche, fried calamari, Inca Maya soup, 2 main dishes (one meat and one fish) and dessert. From the tenderness of the fish and meat, the bit of spice in the soup, the creaminess of the dessert... I cannot choose what I liked best!!   The servings are great! And the price is better! The mango juice and lemonade are great!! Definitely will be coming back to keep trying new dishes, this has become our favorite restaurant outside Puerto Rico!! Loved it!
Wow!!! We had a great experience -- our first with Peruvian food. If this is what Peru is like, we want to go. ;) Our server was one of the BEST servers we have ever had.  We told him we hadn't ever had Peruvian food, and he patiently explained everything.  We immediately trusted him so much that we just asked him to choose our whole meal.  He started us with a wonderful ceviche dish, then a fish dish, and then a steak dish to finish.  We took it slow and had a fantastic time. If we are ever in Naples again, we WILL go back!
We went here for our final night in naples.  The food was delicious, huge portions.  The staff was so friendly and helpful and the prices really reasonable.  Would recommend
We enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Inca's Kitchen last night. I was surprised just how busy it was for a Sunday night and the hostess was a little cool because we did not have reservations. Our server was very nice and offered wine, beer and sangria. He gave us the salty corn snacks with sauces to try. Beware they are addictive. We have been to Peru and I loved the grilled chicken, sounds boring? Not so, the pollo saltado was more than one person can eat and had plenty of flavor with onions, cilantro and rice, all plated nicely. My husband had some kind of bistek macho? He was letting out little noises. I tried his and it was yummy. We ate while watching the video of Peru and reliving our trip. Our server tried to tempt us with homemade desserts, maybe next time. All this for under $40. Do not let the strip shopping center location turn you off...maybe that keeps the prices down.
Another one of my favorites!!! The service is always very, very good. the food is delicious!! I specially love the quinoa, the ceviche, and the pescado a lo macho!!! The decoration is very nice, they always have beautiful, fresh exotic flowers. I brought several of my clients and friends and all of them converted to Peruvian food.
I visited Inca's Kitchen today for the very first time and I wasn't surprised in the least to see mostly 5 stars here on Yelp. The experience was outstanding from the moment we walked in till the moment we left. After hearing my parents rave about it for weeks, they finally took me there and all the hype was certainly warranted. I travel countrywide for work and consider myself a bit of a foodie and everything I had there was excellent. The service we received from Edgar (our waiter) was outstanding. He was knowledgeable about the menu, cleared items promptly but without hovering, hustled back with drink orders and was very warm and welcoming in both english and spanish (we speak both). The ambiance is great and each staff member we came into contact with was very polite and accommodating. The owner (or head chef) recognized my parents, came by  and chatted for a few moments after we sat and swung by again later in the meal to make sure everything was up to standard. It was an overall great experience and the ceviche was the best I've ever had. My parents live 3 minutes away so I'll definitely be returning to Inca's Kitchen on my visits to Naples.
We had to return to this great restaurant. Apparently they don't yet have a license to serve hard liquor, so we couldn't have a Pisco Sour, but  were nevertheless quite happy with Sangria and Cusqueno Beer. We had a HUGE mixed seafood platter called JALEA that was designed, I think, for one or two people. We divided it four ways and threw in appetizers and went away happy. The owner is the one who waited on us & he was VERY pleasant and accommodating in deciding what to order. This place is a true gem.
So far this is easily the best restaurant that I have visited in Naples and three of the best meals I have had in recent memory were here. Not quite to the high cuisine level but but the taste and presentation of the food are definitely far above the normal restaurant level and the price levels are extremely reasonable.  Furthermore, I find that although the food is extremely flavorful and the dishes seem large, that I don't feel particularly stuffed afterwards, which indicates to me that the ingredients are good. Make sure to get dessert
How many ways can you say: Excellent. This place is why I love YELP. We're driving to Tampa, and want to stop for lunch. This place is a few blocks off of the freeway, but we would never have noticed it tucked into its shopping center in suburbia that is on the outer edge of the Stix and tulies. The food was amazing, from the toasted corn snack they brought out to the best seafood I've ever had anywhere. Bar none. We even broke down and had dessert, equally spectacular, because the desserts coming out to the table next to us just rocked for presentation. Service was a amazing. The decor was simple but beautiful. They have big screen TVs with scenes of Peru that are so cool they should probably set up a travel agent to do bookings on your way out the front door.  Minor complaint was that they have great lighting but turn it off at lunch in favor of flourescent overheads. Put the good lights on for the lunch crowd, y'all. Prices were more than reasonable. If you're local, or just passing by on I-75, STOP for a meal.
Yelp comes through again. Found a great spot for Peruvian cuisine. First you start off with addictive fried corn and dipping sauces ( yellow and red pepper plus the green one ). Pescado a lo macho was delicious. The mango sauce made it great and required more rice to appreciate it. Plate is more than enough with the seafood. Scallops were not overcooked, fish flavorful,shrimp a bit dry, mussels, calamari and was it a langoustine? But I was surprised at the end to find the extra rice was $4! The waitress was very attentive and after the fact said yes, the sides were expensive. Sorry. Cusqueno beer paired well. They renovated / expanded at the start of the year 2012 and will be adding a lunch menu plus a full liquor license. I'd be back more if priced right. Good food and service.
It is by far the best Peruvian restaurant I've been to in Naples. The customer service is really good. The food presentation is amazing and sometimes they have a special menu with some delicious sword fish anticuchos that are to die for
Love this place! I truly enjoy every dish I have ordered, and have not one bad thing to say about it which is very surprising. A must while in Naples!
We have eaten here six times now and everything has been superb. Calamari is huge and fantastic. Pork, Wari Fish, etc all fantastic. Ceviche is the best I have ever had...can't go wrong here.
We had another great dinner at Inca's today. We started with some house sangría and a papa rellena (enough for two). I could not take my fork out of the delicious sauces that they serve with dry corn at each table. I tried them also with the  papa rellena. I had again the wari fish with papas, rice, spinash and grilled vegetable. This dish was also served with a delicious pepper sauce. My husband had another fish dish (I forgot the name) that had all kind of seafood, rice and papa. The scallops were very tender as well as the mussels. Everything was delicious. We were so full that we could not even have dessert. BTW, I do not remember having any of their desserts. I must have to go again...
Stopped here on a whim; they quickly accommodated us even though we didn't have a reservation (on a busy night). Great, friendly service. Fantastic food. Highly recommended.
Just arrived from CA to visit my BFF from high school so, we wanted to find a great new restaurant that had it all for dinner. Jackpot, our wish was answered by finding Inca's. Everything was fresh and what great service by the entire staff. I've been to Peru a few times and this places reminds me of being there. The fish and chips (seafood) platter was excellent but the ceviche was my favorite which I could have had as an entree but glad I didn't because the stuffed fish special was amazing. I can't wait to come back to Naples and eat here again!!!
Had the Yucca a la Huancaína, Chicharrón de Calamar, Lomo on Panca Reduction, Pescado a lo Macho, and the ají Tarwi Fish in our group. Food was absolutely amazing, from the sauces to the actual food. Never imagined Peruvian food to be this good.
Quite an enjoyable surprise! We went for a Sunday lunch and came away full and happy, with delicious leftovers. Ordered a platter of ceviche tasters that were absolutely delightful, and we have had quite a lot of ceviche (my husband is Spanish) before. We each got meals; hearty and impeccably prepared. The flavors were rich without being heavy, and the presentation was very nice. I ordered the Aji de Gallina as an entree- the best creamiest chicken dish I've had with a Peruvian yellow pepper sauce with pecans that made the dish taste like a rich curry (without the spicy heat). My brother in law got a seafood dish with a fillet of fish and a mountain of shellfish. Great service and good suggestions for newcomers to their restaurant. Ambiance is nice as well. The portions are large and worth the $15-ish per entree, even for lunch. I would go back again!
Tonight was my third time dining at Incas and again it was fabulous !! Our server was very attentive and the food was delish . For starter we had the mussel shooters ( yummmm) and the octopus salad , tender and fantastic . For an entree, I had the king fish with grilled veggies and quinoa . This place is a Peruvian gem on the outskirts of Naples .
I had never tried Peruvian cuisine before, and this was exquisite! Great food, great service and a complete explanation of any of the dishes. Will definitely frequent this again and again.
This is by far the absolute best Peruvian restaurant I've tried. And I've had food at many Peruvian restaurants coast to coast. The only thing that angers me is that I live in the West Coast and will only get here once in a while. Delicious tiradito with mango sauce, crab causas, lomo a la huancaina, ceviche. All delicious and not one thing wrong with them! I have no suggestions for the management other than keep doing it. The service is superb and the waiting staff is very well informed about the the food and recommendations. Do yourself a favor and go, go go!
This was an amazing Peruvian restaurant. Everything we ordered was superb and the staff was so very accommodating. I had never experienced Peruvian food before but I'm definitely a fan now!
I love it!!!! Excellent food, great costumer service. lovely ambience. My favorite: conchitas a la parmesana" the best.
Great service, fresh food, prices are worth paying, so far best Peruvian food I had in south Florida :)
Loved this restaurant and in love with Peruvian cuisine. Great service, great food. Go for the tapas as an appetizer if you're 2 or more. Some of the best ceviches in town.
Excellent fresh and flavorful lunch. Super cute location in town, just off the highway.
The food was great and the staff was wonderful.  All of our dishes were full of flavor and very fresh.  It was our first experience with Peruvian cuisine and we are hooked.  The owner Rafiel was a big help in picking out our dishes.
Before I even begin to discuss how much I enjoyed the food, I have to admit that I had apparently forgotten what good customer service was like until the evening I had dinner with my parents at Inca's Kitchen.  Not only were Rafael (the owner) and Claudio (adorable) extremely attentive servers but their enthusiasm for Peruvian cuisine was both endearing and informative.  Did you know there are thousands of potato varieties in Peru?  Or that it originated in that country?   Anyway, the food was amazing.  Truly.  It was presented beautifully, the portions were more than generous, and everything that was laid out in front of us was devoured quickly (even after we all claimed to be full).  Without describing each and every dish, let me just say that the Lomo a la Huancaina was a delicious appetizer of tender and flavorful slices of beef over a luscious pepper/cheese sauce.  The Wari fish dinner was a spectacular plate of flaky white fish over another complex pepper sauce with potatoes, rice, sautéed spinach AND roasted vegetables.  Amazing.  And even though we were full, the three of us gave in and agreed to finish the meal with Picarones and ice cream.  Picarones are like precious little donuts but made of squash and sweet potato and we devoured them with reckless abandon.  Oh...and did I mention that the Pisco Sour I started out with was also one of the top cocktails I had this year?  What is this Pisco and where can I get some for my home bar?   So...go to Inca's Kitchen.  It's a gem and may have started a personal love affair with Peruvian food.
Ok listen, we've lived here in Naples for 4 years now and this is the BEST restaurant in Naples by far!  Authentic fresh food and great atmosphere! They have just recently re-opened after their expansion.  As this was our first visit I can't comment on how it was before but this I can tell you the atmosphere and service staff are top notch.  The food without question is great. Enjoy!  One tip, during season make sure you get a reservation as we did not and at 7 pm there were no tables to be had - the bar is very comfortable however.  Our bartender, I wish we got her name, you're great thanks for taking care of us.
I've eaten all over the world and at every price point, and this is one of the best restaurants I've ever visited. I went with a group of eight, and it was so good that we returned two days later.  My grandfather has talked for years about the best meal he ever had, over fifty years ago in Peru.  He said that the bouillabaisse at Inca's tasted just like it. Ah, the bouillabaisse.  When I asked the chef (Rafael) what he recommended, he didn't recommend the more expensive dishes: he said that everything is great, but he puts more passion into the Bouillabaisse than any other dish.  As a child, when he was feeling sad, his mother would cook it for him. I really can't speak highly enough about the quality of the food here or the passion of the chef (Rafael).  He is incredibly proud of his food, and of Peruvian cuisine in general, and rightly so.  Some specific dish recommendations: Appetizers: Lomo (incredibly tender steak with a creamy sauce) Duo Tiradito (ceviche-like dish with various sauces) Entrees Bouillabaisse Wari Fish Golden Jalea (basically fried seafood platter) Desserts: Bunuelos Dulce de Leche with Meringue We also went with some vegetarians, who were equally enthusiastic about the veggie tower.
Great food and friendly service. The fish dishes are excellent and the sauce is what makes the dishes POP at Inca Kitchen.
Food and service was really good. What a hidden gem. Just a little pricey. But a nice treat out
This restaurant is unique, the service is excellent and the food is good and fresh. The menu is a bit overwhelming due to the plethora of options, but our server was kind enough to help us make our selections.
Inca's Kitchen is one of my favorite restaurants in Naples. The staff is very helpful and educated on the food they are serving. The food is amazing, best Peruvian food I have had. It is not cheap but you get what you pay for. I go to Inca's Kitchen every time I return to Naples and have never had a less then excellent meal.
What a treat. The service was excellent, the atmosphere unique and the food always consistent and delicious.
A super offering of Peruvian cuisine. A bit out of the way, but worth the trip, and closer than Lima, at least.
Let me just say if I went to Inca's Kitchen any other night this may have been a 4-5 star review. This is my first time ever to this establishment and my first experience with Peruvian food. The food was amazing, outstanding flavor and great presentation, when it finally arrived! One of the tips I read while waiting 20 min for my check to get cashed out was " Service tends to suffer when they are busy." The ground TENDS to get wet in a tropical storm. It TENDS to get windy when you step outside in a cat 4 hurricane.  THE SERVICE IS TERRIBLE when they get busy! When I walked in I was struck by how nice the decor and layout of the restaurant was. We were promptly were seated and promptly given our Peruvian corn appetizer. After that the wheels fell off. We were able to order rather quickly, but then a table of 4 was sat next to us. Nearly ON TOP of us. Their dinner conversation drown out any thought we had of conversing. They also happened to be favorite customers of the Chef. I learned this because for most of the rest of my ordeal I got to sit with the Chef's a$$ in my face as he conversed with them and had his back to our table. Dinner  was finally served and the plates looked amazing...but mine wasn't what I ordered. Ten min later my server admits that " the kitchen messed up my order, and my meal will be ready in 5 minutes." Twenty minutes later my meal arrived. It was amazing as I already described. I probable wouldn't have minded the delay but some how the Chef's buddy next to me was able to get 3 specially made appetizer courses in the same time it took me to get my meal I had ordered over 35 minutes earlier. I finally finished my meal and asked for 2 boxes. The waiter dropped the boxes at the table like I was at Denny's and moved on to give others more sub-par service while boxed my own food up. As I stated already, after I got my check it took another 20-25 min to get out door.  I will most likely go back BUT ONLY FOR CARRY OUT!!  CHEF If you read this, regular customers do support you business but NEW customers make it grow and flourish! You need to make sure all customers feel as special as your most valued regular!  Your food is amazing but even Mc'D's knows to ask "is there anything else we can do for you."
All I can say is sensational! Appetizers of ceviche, tuna sashimi, beef, and potato "sushi" was amazing! Had the seafood stew with white rice on the side. Will go back every time I'm in Naples.
Great service, if you like to try something different this is a great place to do it. Food was wonderful and service was good. Reservations help as on a Tuesday night in April, it was packed. A must if your in Naples!!
Amazing food.  Modern, clean atmosphere.   Our server was friendly and very knowledgeable.  Chicken fried rice was perfect...sauces great.
What a great Peruvian restaurant. Food is good, service is very friendly and cozy atmosphere. I went there for lunch and planning to come back soon for their dinner.
Fresh and delicious - very well priced.   Excellent seafood and cerviche! Excellent service in a very nice atmosphere. Would highly recommend and will go there again!
Had reservations at 7:30 and didn't have meal served until 9:30 very slow service but good quality food
This is the place to go if you like peruvian cuisine. Food is served with great presentation and the taste is excellent. I had the Pescado a lo Macho and others in my party had the Saltado's. We ordered the PolloPapas for the kids and I have to say the french fries were amazing, very unexpected for a peruvian place.  Will definitely come back.
Wow!!!! Great food, great service and great presentation.  A must if you are visiting SWFL.  For us locals we are lucky to have this place in our backyard.
Had the loma saltado - the taste was excellent. The tamale appetizer was also top notch. This is hidden gem in east Naples - doesn't look like much in a strip mall.  The only sacrifice is it is so popular, you will wait to be seated, and wait for your food. They appear to be focusing on food quality, and not high speed, which is worth the trade off here. If you are short on time - go to a Burger King drive-thru.
Best food we had in Florida so far! Super nice restaurant. Great service. And the food was delicious! If you like good food, come here. Ask the waitress for his or her recommendation. Worked perfectly for us :) mhmmm
Really delicious, very attentive and helpful servers.    Take their recommendations !     The ceviche is great as well as the seafood saffron rice.   Decor of the restaurant is bright and clean and well designed.    And on Sunday nights they have live music.   Don't be put off by the strip mall looks outside - this place is great.   By the way I only found it because of Yelp.     Thank you Yelp, other local listings completely missed it !
Food is very good, reservation made but 25 minutes wait, service is so slow and server vanished after order until bill time ! 49 minutes for the inca burger to show...
Fresh, high quality authentic food with friendly and helpful servers. Highly recommended.
We had a wonderful time trying Peruvian food at Inca's Kitchen on our vacation to Naples.  The food was delicious and the server was very helpful in suggesting dishes that we might like.  The owner/chef came out to personally greet us and make sure we were enjoying our food.  We were serenaded by musicians playing romantic Spanish songs.  The food was remarkable and the prices were very reasonable compared to other Naples fare.  The presentation of each dish was artistic and the flavors were authentic.  We were impressed!  It was a wonderful evening and we felt lucky to have experienced the unique cuisine of Peru.
By far the worse Peruvian food I've ever had! The food had no flavor, The ají was not spicy nor did it taste fresh. The salsa criolla did taste fresh either. Extremely overpriced for the portions they serve. The service was good and the place is nicely decorated but that's about it.
This is painful. We had a BAD experience here on a Saturday night. We made reservations but still had to wait an hour, people without reservations were seated before us. The stew I ordered was terrible, it must have burned and got stuck on the bottom of the pot. My wife's surf & turf was just so-so, the prawn mushy and the filet under-seasoned. The Ceviche Mixito was great but the portion was much smaller than previous orders of the same. My daughter had children's fried chicken, it used to be a huge portion that was thick and juicy, this order was small, scallopini thin and dry. We were overcharged for two items we did not receive but had ordered, an adjustment was given without apology or  hassle. The service was poor on this evening but it was at the tail end of the evening and the staff was probably burnt by being in the weeds for hours, it happens. If we go again we go early and I would recommend that to all because every time we have been here early it has been fantastic. I hope this was just an off night for Incas.
Renovated nice upscale restaurant. Staff was very friendly but the service was off. It took about 10-15 minutes to get water after we sat down. We ordered the fried calamri which was good. Also got baked scallops on the half shell with parmesan cheese which was outstanding! It came 4 per order. The main courses were the parihuela (seafood bouillabaisse) it was excellent, pescado a lo macho (signature dish, steamed white fish) it was excellent, lomo a lo macho (surf and turf) it was excellent, and the arroz frutos del mar (peruvian seafood rice) it was ok. Also got a side order of plantains which were good and fried yuca that was ok. The downside is we waited probably 30 minutes from the appetizers until the main course. Also they brought out two main course plates and we waited 5 minutes and got the third plate and waited another 5 minutes and got the fourth plate. The kitchen timing was way off. We saw it happen to another table as well. Overall, very good food and nice people, but the staff needs a lesson in service and the kitchen needs help with serving every plate together.
This place is a gem! Stopped in here for a snack on our way to Naples. Our server recommended Coquiña (cerveza) which was delicious. We had aguadito de pollo and mixed ceviche--both full of flavor! Outstanding service, too. I wish this restaurant was closer to home so I could try everything. Don't be intimidated if you haven't had Peruvian cuisine before. Try it, you'll be pleasantly surprised!
My husband and I were both amazed and delighted by this wonderful restaurant on Collier Blvd. a bit north of Golden Gate Parkway.  The food and the service were fabulous--truly unique and delicious!  One caution, make reservations!  They take them and this place is small, so you really may not get in if you don't!  We got lucky the first time because we went at 5:30.  When we left at 7:00, people were waiting outside!
I ate there several times and every time it was great
Ceviche was fabulous. Chicken and rice dish was VERY salty and would not order again. Enjoyed the fried corn and dipping sauces. Nice touch. Service was not spaced properly and was much too fast. Would try again.
Everything about this place is great. Besides the drinks and the food, the service is outstanding. Our server, Miguel, was so helpful and friendly. He made the whole experience very enjoyable. Seafood very fresh, every fish exceeded my expectations.
The restaurant has grown in the past couple of years.  Very nice with a bar area and room to stand while waiting to be seated.  It was quite crowded which is a plus for any restaurant.  The service was good and the food presentations were excellent.  Of our party of six, I was the only one that was not overwhelmed by my dinner.  I ordered the seafood soup and got a bowl of calamari and shrimp in a broth.  The appetizers were very good and all in all it was a nice time.
great food excellent service.  will definitely go back and take new friends with me.
The chicha morada, cusquena beer and delicious food keeps me coming back for more.  My last visit was on a Saturday night, we had a reservation, however, since this place has gotten well deserved reviews it is quick to fill up.  We waited 20 minutes for our table and after a long wait (about 1 hour 15 minutes) we got our food, one person at a time, with lots of lag between each plate served.  It was a first time visit for our friends and I apologized for the long wait for the food.  The food was stellar, I had the Wari fish dish which I highly recommend.  I will go back of course, but I'll make sure it's during the off-times.
just great
We've been here twice in the last month and both experiences were wonderful...the ceviche is fresh as could be...starters and entrees delicious as well. Highly recommended.
We had a most amazing experience last evening at Inca's.  We'd been hearing lots of buzz about this restaurant and checked out the reviews.  Yet, from looking at the menu & photos online, we weren't sure we would like Peruvian food.  But by the time we finished our meal, it was a new favorite.  We can't wait to return and try other dishes, though it will be hard to order something different because we both enjoyed our selections so much.  The dining room is clean, tastefully decorated and suggests that diners are in for a treat.  The complimentary roasted corn appetizer -- served with several different sauces -- is interesting and addictive.  The house salad is fresh & light, and could easily feed three or four people.  My wife had the Wari Fish (grilled tilapia from Costa Rica, we learned).  I chose the Shredded Pepper Chicken.  Both were presented beautifully, prepared to perfection and very flavorful -- without being spicy.  The Diet Inca Cola was a refreshing carbonated beverage that I'd order again.  Our server (Ximina?) offered explanations & suggestions, and was attentive throughout the meal. She was in constant motion and didn't miss a thing.  The other food we saw being delivered looked awesome (calamari, for one).  On leaving we talked with the owner who is extremely personable, absolutely passionate about Peruvian food and proud of sharing it with Neapolitans.  And we're fortunate to have such a quality restaurant in the area.  Every aspect of our experience was exceptional.  We will definitely return and share it with others.  We understand reservations are essential on Friday and Saturday nights.
Was looking for an out of the way place to have dinner that might not be so crowded this time of year in sunny Southwest Florida, I thought that since this was way off the beaten path from downtown Naples this would be it.  Well, that was sure not the case here!  We got there at 5:45 with a reservation and there were only a few other tables being served, by 6:30 there was not a table to be had, the place was packed with people waiting outside.  Our server was wonderful and explained the menu very well.  The food was very generous portions.  The gals I was with each ordered the Peruvian Fish and Chips - our server came back and suggested they might want to split it it was so much food!  Not the typical fish and chips, it had many different fish types fried in a light batter served with the french fried Peruvian potato (I can't remember the name of it).  I ordered the Peruvian Piea (sp?) which was great! I would highly recommend this place to everyone to try!
