The first month we came to visit Naples together, the (then newly minted) fiance and I decided to grab some food at Fernandez the Bull after reading so many awesome reviews online.  They were unfortunately closed that day and we had to leave back for the cold north, and for the next year as we moved down we decided the sandwiches were too pricey to ever order. Cut to Valentine's Day 2014. We had House of Cards (Season 2) queued up on Netflix and a hankering for something different.  We generally either go out to a fancy place for Valentine's or take turns making some gourmet meal, but this year it was low key.  Why not splurge on a sandwich, we thought? While we had some issues with our order we placed over the phone once we arrived, the bartender/cashier felt bad and offered us drinks on him while we waited (he was a little surprised we just went with some diet cokes!).  He was super nice and we told him we understood since it was so noisy/busy that night, but regardless it was delicious and worth the wait in the end. Plus, they were A LOT bigger than we expected (all of their portions are) so it is DEFINITELY worth the price. How delicious was it? Well, since February 14th we have now eaten there 2-3 times a month if not more (we have lost count). We have still yet to dine in so we haven't tried a lot of their entrees yet, but takeout is almost always perfection. The one other time they messed up our order (the waitress misheard us over the phone again due to noise) we were given free tostones (which we weren't even expecting! It was a nice surprise once we got home!).  Aside from missed/wrong items ordered when it is noisy/busy, the only issue I've had is a few times my chicken sandwich comes out dry but it seems to depend on the time of day we order. We have tried the jalapeno poppers, the hot wings, the tostones, the nachos, the rice and beans, the Fernandez Cuban sandwich (except my honey always puts Swiss on it like the normal cuban they have, instead of the American cheese that comes on their special Fernandez version with the pulled pork), the chimi chicken sandwich, the Fernandez chicken sandwich, and the marinated chicken sandwich. Our least favorite was the plantain nachos with beef (it didn't travel well), but it was still not bad and I am sure it'd be a lot better in person. The hot sauce they make there is divine, and we miss the days when they used to give us four containers instead of just two (we like it a lot, especially on the beans and on the chimi chicken). Love the staff we've met, of course we love the food, and we love the overall experience at Fernandez. Looking forward to dining in and trying more of their menu on the spot!
I was traveling for work and came across this little place. It is in a shopping center that is surrounded by other finds but its the only of it kind. The lunch menu is reasonable priced beyond that it can get a little expensive. For lunch, I had the palomilla steak that came with black beans and rice. It tasted good. The portions were a great size. I finished my meal with a traditional shot of Cuban coffee a great afternoon pick up. The service was wonderful and the staff was very attentive. My glass of water was always filled and I never had to ask for anything.
Stopped in to order Two cuban sandwiches and One plantanos  to go. the total was 24.00! ....I was shocked at the price. then when I got home. Opend the bag and my order was not complete. They gave me rice instead of plantans. I will not be going there ever again!
I should first say that this place probably suffered by comparison to an amazing meal we had at a different restaurant, but that just means my rating is correct that "I've experienced better."  Ate here in August on a trip. Rumba, the other Cuban place, was so much better than Fernandez The Bull. We ate at both places in spite of a local's warning. Let me say that Rumba was so awesome that I wish our only memory of Cuban food in Naples was of Rumba. It is that good. If you're looking for good Cuban food, you probably can't go wrong here. But if you're looking for AWESOME... I'm afraid you'd have to go to Rumba. Just one family's opinion. I only have time for a few examples... the black beans and rice simply had no flavor here and I left it in the bowl, whereas I stole my son's at Rumba's. The cubano sandwich here just also lacked punch. And the owner and server lavished us with attention and were so pleasant at Rumba's, but here it seemed the waitress was, at best, having a bad day. There just wasn't as much problem drowning out the "yummy noises" here, where at the other we laughed at how ridiculous we sounded, constantly praising the food. I know this review presents a head to head between only two restaurants, but that's the experience we had, so there it is - that's the only comparison I can offer. I can tell you that our friend, the local, seemed to know every restaurant in the area and he agreed with us wholeheartedly. In fairness, I always say you have to eat somewhere at least twice before passing judgement, and there are plenty of good reviews here, but we were so disappointed in the comparison that I felt the need to post for others. I wished I'd been steered away more forcefully, not because it was horrible, it wasn't... but because it was pricey and I left not feeling good about the money we'd spent. Maybe that's harsh, but it's the truth from this customer on at least one occasion. I hope you fare better, pun intended.
Deliciousness. The mojitas are very good, not too sweet. The Bife Fernandez is fantastic, and prepared very well. I must say this is one of my favorite Cuban restaurants. It actually has more than just Cuban Sandwiches.
I went there last night with two others. I had the Cuban sandwich and it was outstanding.  The Sangria was great although their pitchers were a tad small.  My guests had the Grouper and Pork which both enjoyed.  I recommend going!
Decent food, nothing spectacular, on the pricey side.  Good service. Two stars due to total ripoff on a half pitcher of white sangria at $13.95.  It was sugar water with a few pieces of CANNED fruit, and hardly any wine at all.  A shockingly weak effort at this overpriced beverage.  Much better options in the area.
I had the mojo chicken with a side salad and black beans. Everything was delicious. My dad had the roasted pork which I highly recommend trying. Great job! I gave four stars because the service and the food were great.
You will not want to miss Fernandez The Bull Cuban Cafe. We had read that Fernandez was maybe not as good as the competition but I honestly don't know how  you get any better. Our wait staff was knowlegable and helpful in selecting the best dishes. We liked it so much we ordered to go to eat the next day. Highly recommened. Very authentic.
First time trying Cuban food - off to a great start. My husband and I split 3 plates to try out, 2 beef and 1 pork. All were great. Same with the vinegary hot sauce and black beans. A new favorite!
While in Naples, we were really craving some true ethnic food instead of the crappy fusion that seemed to be offered everywhere else.  So we headed out for some Cuban! My future mother-in-law said that the food at Fernandez is hit or miss - it's bad during the summer but pretty decent in the winter (when there are more people and thus higher turnover of ingredients). Service: The service was very slow (it took them 5 minutes to get us forks) but that may be because the restaurant was filled.  Also, they gave us bread and an appetizer without bread plates or silverware...  So we sat there with nothing to eat with. Ambience: It's pretty casual, and it's really nice to sit outside on a breezy night. Food: Everything we had was delicious!  The beans here are awesome, but they could be even better with some bacon fat in there.  Definitely order the paella, and no matter what they say, 3 people (who eat normal amounts) can share the entire platter of probably the best paella you can get in Florida (it was also some of the best paella I've had, and I've been to Spain).  The fried flounder is also really nice and so is the pulled pork, but if you order the paella, everyone is going to want a taste!
Sooo yummy! First time trying Cuban food and our whole group loved everything we ordered! It's a must go to when in Naples.
Cuban food is not always my favorite, and it is still not my first choice. I had the Cuban tacos and I thought they were bland and I definitely did not care for the nacho style cheese, but the rice and beans made up for it. Also, the tres leches cake was the best I've ever had! The reason I gave four stars was strictly because of the coffee and dessert.
Had masitas puerco with moros and fried yuca and vaca frita with fried plantains and white rice, both were excellent. The pork was tender and flavorful and the mojo sauce was great. The vaca frita was tender too, I've been places where the beef was stringy and hard to chew. We will definitely return next time we are in Naples. The only thing I wish is they had was some condensed milk to go with a malta, but that's not a knock just a wish.
Perhaps we came on an off day as most of the other yelpers have had good experiences, I was unfortunately not impressed with FTB. Two of us shared a Cuban sandwich, a Cuban on sweet bread and plantains and overall we were not overly impressed. The plantains appeared to simply be fried bananas. They were solid, but certainly not what I'm used (small banana-like fruit). The dipping sauce was good w/ plenty of garlic. The sandwiches were where I was really disappointed. Traveling from Iowa where there is a lack of Cuban food, I was excited for a standard Cuban sandwich. What we got was a good sized sandwich that wasn't overly flavorful and that had processed cheese on it. In my world, that's a swing and miss x 3. The iconic dish of our neighbors to the south deserved more respect than Kraft singles sans the orange food coloring (and I love me some singles!). Charge me $2 more for the same thing with real swiss and this place turns into a 3 star rapidly - you just can't skimp on the original. It's like serving hamburger helper with tempeh - It's not right and it never will be. The prices were good and the selection standard. Servers were very nice as well. This however was the first Cuban place that I've been where I felt like I could replicate or out-do the sandwich for which the country was named. Step up the game and this place wins, but until then I'll be keepin it real elsewhere.
Atmosphere is comfy casual, service staff is very hospitable. They have somewhat of an identity crisis, they aren't sure whether they want to be a bar or a restaurant based in layout, decor, and uniforms of staff. Although $9 is a big price for a sandwich in this type of an atmosphere, the food.portion sizes made the price right. Will definitely be back
We go here allot. Food always good & consistent. Customer service is great as well.
My favorite Cuban restaurant in Naples! There are not many places to get Cuban food here, but I have lived in Miami for 6 years and this restaurant would be a hit in Miami too. A little pricey but well worth it. I love the chimchurri steak/chicken with rice and beans with a side of sweet plantains. Yum!
One of my all time lunch favorites. Half cuban with black beans and rice + flan rounds out a very full-filling :-) meal.
A bartender recommended this place to us.  It's not a big place but they do have out door seating.  We made reservations as there were 6 of us.  We were greeted warmly and seated quickly. Service was professional and quick. Received our food quickly. Bread and oil was brought to the table after our orders were taken. The mojitos were good!  Cuban sandwiches, pulled pork and paella were all good.  I had the shrimp & scallops with beans and rice. I would order that again.  Can't wait to go back.
Turns out there are two places with tis name in Naples, and we meant to go to the other location.  While the other place may be great, it would be hard pressed to beat this one.  Had the Cuban Sand, the one the restaurant makes, with the smashed plantain dish (there was a name for it).  All was delish and portions were huge.  Kid friendly and well priced.  In a strip mall but do not let that scare you away. VIVA CUBAN FOOD
Great little place.  Excellent food, portion size was just right.  Staff was very friendly, little slow on the food but they were very busy, not a big deal.   And most important they have Cuban coffee!
This is my favorite Fernandez they always have great portions, awesome service, and succulent pork. Very consistent and clean if you want to try a Fernandez the bull go to this one
Great place for a half cuban with beans and rice. We dropped in for lunch while shopping and sat outside on the patio/sidewalk (not too bad for Dec 31). The cuban was excellent and the beans and rice are always a great choice. Do stop in sometime if you are in town. It is a great lunch spot as evidenced by the quantity of people dropping in for a quick bite.
Hands down one of my favorite Cuban restaurant. FYI I'm Cuban and born and raised in Miami, so I set the bar high. The yuca was one of the best I've had, cooked to perfection. The portions are huge and I'm never disappointed. I've gone three times in the last month. The chicken chimichurri was delicious! The only thing I dislike is the lemon sauce for the tostones. I wish they would use the same garlic sauce they use for the yuca. The homemade hot sauce is sooo yummy. I lather it all over my food. Seriously one of the best restaurants in Naples, this includes the south location off David blvd.
Good Cuban food, glad we stopped here. Huge portions, consider sharing a sandwich! Black beans among the best I've ever had.
Had a chicken breast grilled and steak sandwich. Both dishes were fresh and tasty. Pleasantly surprised.
One of my favorite restaurants. I have never been disappointed here. Really great Cuban food, fast friendly service, amazing Cuban coffee, even the sides are great! Highly recommended for a delicious but laid back meal- for lunch or dinner.
Being new to the area and a foodie, saw this restaurant highly recommenfed by yelpers had to stop in for lunch. Cuban coffee was bitter. My sister ordered chicken, I ordered the pork. Chicken was  marinated had good flavour and good portion.. its one half of a chicken.  The pork was dry and tasteless had to drown it in black bean. The black bean, was the best. ..great flavor!. Mango is still my favorite Cuban Restaurant.
Best Cuban our family has ever had! Every single person (7 in our group) had an amazing meal, great service
Great Cuban Food priced just right for the quality and portion you get. I can't think of a better Cuban Sandwich I've had then there own variation of the original cuban (don't worry they offer the original also). Also try the fried plantains.
Amazing service, good price and portions is what I found yesterday at this location , the chicken churrasco was tender, juice and cook to perfection. Ham croquettes amazing and the buñuelos out of this world, will be back for sure.
great spot and very reasonably priced
AWESOME LOCAL cuban food..i am going to be in naples in July..this is my first stop...besides the airport...
When you first walk in it's not your normal Cuban Restaurant mellow music. It is fast beat loud music that you would hear at a Miami Calle Ocho street party. We were sat at a table and ignored for about 10 mins. The staff was just standing around talking by the bar like a bunch of wing nuts. We just got up and left. Never got a chance to try the food, but I would bet that it wouldn't be anything special. Most likely the restaurant is not even owned by cubans. I would stay far away from this restaurant.
One of my favorite places, I've never had a bad meal there.  It's a neighborhood place so I think it helps if you're a regular but the staples like lechon or vaca frita are outstanding.  Though I usually go with the family for dinner, you could argue that the lunch sandwiches are the best.  Pork, cuban or chorizo sands with black bean soup make for an awesome lunch.
White sangria and pollo Fernandez. Get the boiled yucca and plantains. Had to pass on the Moro (pork). Closing with tres leches and Cuban coffee. Si me gusta!  Chicken was as dry as the sahara, but the tres leches was pretty amazing stuff.  I would go back for dessert and coffee.
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  I often meet my friends here on Friday night for dinner.  The food is always fantastic and authentic Cuban yumminess!  I heard the "mom" makes the Flan from scratch and it is fab.
We stumbled upon this hidden jewel.  We had great tasting panini sandwiches.  They were so large we had a second lunch the next day.   I'll definitely be back.
Came here for a family vacation meal. It was really good. The mojitos were amazing. The plantain chips were nice. The sloppy Jose was quite good. Large portions.
Amazing food and great service! My husband, daughter and I are regulars and have never had a bad experience!
So good, Came here on our vacation and what a find!!! Best service and awesome food. If you get a chance eat here!!
BEST CUBAN IN NAPLES! Enough said! Never had a bad dish here. Family owned. Can't go wrong here.
Great food!! That's coming from a Cuban who has eaten this type of food his whole life. Well done.
Stumbled on to this place. Local, authentic , fast and reasonably priced. Had the half Cuban sandwich w/rice+beans. The half was as big as whole. The sandwich was very good. What put it way over the top and why I will be back to try more were the rice and beans. Wow! They were good. You can tell this is a great local authentic Cuban joint.
Everything I ordered was good except the rice  so salty I couldn't eat it.
