Great food dOesn't have to cost a lot in Naples.  Great little dive. Lots of energy. Great service.
Goldie's is in a slightly run down looking strip. The interior is small and a little sad but that's what diners are about! They have a large menu of breakfast and lunch. I had french toast and a side of home style potatoes. The potatoes were thin sliced and baked like scalloped potatoes. Not seasoned, but very tasty. The french toast was standard. But along with syrup, they also bring big bottles of homemade strawberry syrup and peanut butter and fluff mixed together. So. Good! My boyfriend had the burger party melt. A burger with caramelized onions, cheese, and thousand island on thick sliced grilled white bread. He said it was excellent! The sides of potato salad and coleslaw were also good. And I can vouch for the fact that the pickle was fantastic. The service was really nice. Super friendly ladies that clearly enjoy their jobs and recognize most faces coming in the door. You can't beat that. Lastly, our bill was $12. Pretty good for a filling amount of food.
Well the food is not going to win any awards for flavor.  I had a waffle with blueberry "compote" and the egg, sausage, cheese wrap.  I was forewarned that the blueberry toppings were not fresh blueberries but basically a blueberry pie filling on top of the waffle.  That was pretty tasteless but the waffle itself was nice.  The wrap was rather bland as well even considering the swiss cheese and sausage that was in there.  I also had a friends biscuit with gravy which was again, bland, but also doughy.  I know everyone else on here raves about the biscuits and gravy but sorry, no bones. Oh, I also had a coffee, which also left much to be desired.  They should call it Dirty Water since there was more water than coffee.  Probably catering to the older white american crowd.  No spice, and Dirty Water.  The orange juice was good though. In conclusion it's worth the quality and quantity of the food for the price and the service is beyond friendly :-)  The waitress accidentally knocked over my orange juice in my lap and they made it up by apologizing profusely and comping my entire meal.  With everything said I will be back again to try out some more items from your menu!
The food was good, but not great. I had the pot roast beef, mash potatoes with gravy and mixed vegetable. It was good quality, but a little bland. Only salt and pepper were on the table. .    The roast was nice and tender. It has a hint of a sour taste. It didn't really deter from The tenderness of the need. Then the mash potatoes was ok. I really can say anything about it. Finally the veggies were mixed carrots, stewed tomatoes and some beans. They were ok. .    What really makes them good was the friendly staff, and their prices. There was good value for the amount and quality of the food. .    I would definitely come back.
Just because the prices are cheap doesn't mean the food is. Definitively an every weekend kind of restaurant. They always have good breakfast specials. Keep a look out for their monthly Crab Omelet special. It's too die for!
So happy we found this place! The food was great! Must try the strawberry spread and peanut butter fluff. I split the breakfast for two which had 4 eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, biscuits and gravy and potatoes!!! It was so good we went back a second time on our trip. They also sell the strawberry spread and Pb fluff. The service was amazing!!! The girls will sit right down with you to get your order and act like they have known you forever. Really enjoyed this place and highly recommend it.
MY FAVORITE PLACE IN NAPLES! I come here for breakfast whenever I am able. There is no better breakfast in town and no better deal either! That peanut butter marshmallow spread is addictive and delicious!!!!!!!
I had steak, eggs and grits. My wife had French toast, eggs and sausage. The food was a solid 4/5. The service put the place over the top. Everyone was friendly and our server hit the sweet spot, checking up on us just enough for us to feel tended to but not annoyed.  We wanted to visit again before leaving Naples but they're closed on Sundays.  :-(
Had a late lunch here.  The fantastic sausage links, fat like a hot dog.  French Toast was perfect, and they even threw in free shortcakes.  The peanut butter marshmallow fluff was original and tasted great, but the strawberry syrup/spread was perfection.   Lunch menu looked good so I may return before leaving.
What a wonderful find. Thank you Siri. Small friendly place with real food. I had hash and eggs. The hash was well crisped and the over easy eggs were perfect. They had my favorite pumpernickel toast. My husband had an omelet and hash browns. It looked great and he loved it. It is in a strip mall off Pone Ridge,but make the effort to find it
Wow. This was the most incredible breakfast ever. The pancakes were perfectly fragrant, and textured so good. Fluffly  and tasted so moist. The sausage was  awesome too and dont forget the homemade syrups.  The marshmallow peanut butter was "to die for". Incredible food and good service for this little "mom and pop" cafe. We will be back next time we're in town
Delicious! Visiting from Nashville with some friends and wanted breakfast before we left. Found Goldie's on Yelp and it lived up to all the great reviews. It's a bright, sunny place with wonderful food. The service was top notch-servers very friendly and orders came out quickly. Prices are great for the quality. The three of us had large breakfasts and coffees for $23 total. They gave me a coffee to go at no charge when we left. I highly recommend Goldie's if you love good breakfast and good people.
This......place......is........awesome!!! They make a fresh peanut butter with marshmallow fluff topping for French toast, pancakes, toast, anything. They also make a fresh strawberry topping, both phenomenal. Need I go further? When a local ambulance and fire truck pulled up to Goldie's with about 12 hungry guys and gals, we knew this was the place to be. A good 5 miles Northwest of downtown Naples, I love the location, tucked away on a side street just north of Pine Ridge. I sampled almost everything by gorging on the ultimate breakfast...4 eggs, home fries, 3 French toast, 2 bacon, 2 sausage links and 2 giant biscuits smothered with sausage gravy. I have a big appetite but could not take down the entire meal. It was incredible though :-) Love the decor in here, staff was super friendly and attentive. Can't wait to come back again.
Very disappointing. Was definitely expecting a lot more from all the other positive reviews that were posted from others. First off ordered OJ (that was told was fresh squeezed) which was not and just Minute Maid. Service was very quick (but probably since the food tasted like it was frozen and just defrosted). Not impressed.
Excellent!!!! Super friendly waitress, very fast service, and delicious food at good prices! We each ordered 2 eggs with sausage and each got a half order of biscuits and gravy. I had my eggs cooked over medium and my husband had his scrambled well done. They were both perfectly cooked. We got the sausage patties and they were also great. The biscuits were fluffy and the gravy was thick and a little spicy, just how I like it! The eggs came with potatoes and toast, we both got the home style potatoes and they were perfect with crispy pieces and soft pieces. Then....there is the homemade strawberry jelly and peanut butter spread...so good!!! We had way too much food and could not stop eating it, we were so stuffed when we left! Oh, the coffee is good too! We also each got juice. The whole bill was $21 and change...breakfast perfection!
Great local/down home-type diner. I just moved to Naples and was on the lookout for a place just like this. Simple breakfast food, very friendly service, and very speedy with orders! I had the Goldies Breakfast Combo with sausage and pancakes. Very tasty toppings for the pancakes --strawberry sauce and peanut butter & marshmallow sauce... Oh and of course maple syrup.
Nice place, comfy! For a coffee lover is paradise, you don't even have to look around and they are offering more coffee. Breakfast fresh. Prices amazing. Overall it was a great choice. Thanks to the reviewers I made this choice and you guys were right on the spot. Arrive before 9 am
OK! People this is the real deal here.  The Duke tells the truth. I've been out of town waiting about 6 months to come here. rumors of a great local business that has got it ALL together with the FASLV. I agree with Paul H's breakfast barometer. Can you get the basics biscuits and gravy right? if not, proceed with caution.   My friends have been raving about how great their experiences are here. I'm not a big breakfast person but this place is converting me.  The hash browns, Strawberry  topping that comes with the pancakes are a must try.  One girl swears by the peanut butter fluff mix along with berry. if you are into PBJ.  The biscuits and gravy did pass the test for me. Chicken Fried steak was a favorite of my buddy Carl he ordered it many of the places in town now he drives past all the others to get to Goldies. Food: 5 great breakfast and lunch choices.  Along with daily specials and soups of the day. Atmosphere: 5  although small it is well decorated clean simple with two TVs and a few single spots at the bar.  A few outside tables as well. Cozy and relaxed. Service: 5 pleasant, fast and friendly. Our waitress was nice Orders were double checked by the server she found a missing order it quickly added/delivered to the table. Location: 4 easy to find on Taylor road. off Pineridge rd. parking can be tight we had no problems. Value: 5 good sized portions all 4 of us ate for a little over $30.  Daily breakfast and lunch specials. AVG=4.8 I look forward to exploring the menu further. Stand by for updates. Pics to follow.
We saw the reviews on yelp and decided to drive an extra 30 mins out of our way for breakfast. It was soooo worth it. The best service from all that worked there. We sat at the small bar. Really cool place. And be sure to get the corned beef hash!
We've eaten here twice a month for the last 7 years, breakfast is great, prices great... before finding this place we were paying $35 +tip at Skillets and Chrissy's Wildside Cafe... here it's around $20 for 2 people. Great staff who remembers you, Cool owner, a kitchen crew who 'slings the hash' without missing a beat, sandwiches the size of your head, we love it here! the chilli here is awesome as well! In season, between Noon & 1 is a zoo, but seating comes quick. Big Breakfast item with everything!! Just what I need some mornings, has 4 eggs & every item imaginable... the grits are great (think they put butter flakes in them, addictive!) ... did I mention the chilli? Love Goldie's...
A super place for breakfast or lunch.  Everything made from scratch.  All the food comes out hot.  Service is wonderful! Our favorite place to eat breakfast or lunch.  Family owned and small.
So I went back to Goldies to try the Country Fried Steak. It was great. It's not huge or particularly thick, but the perfect size for breakfast. If you were to put it on a slice of Wonder Bread, it would hang over the sides by about an inch on each side. It was lightly breaded, crispy and well seasoned, and topped with just the right amount of white gravy with black pepper. Once again, my two over easy eggs were PERFECTLY cooked. If yelp* allowed it, I probably would have rated Goldies 4-1/2 stars after my first visit, but after my second, I'm glad that I went with five.
Goldie's has a fairly large menu covering all the basics for breakfast and lunch: Bagels, pancakes, waffles, omelettes, wraps, salads, sandwiches... if it can be considered "basic American food," Goldie's probably has it. We went here for breakfast, and I ordered an item that wasn't on the menu but was scrawled on a small chalkboard: The corned beef hash omelette.  The omelette was decent-sized and filled with a tasty corned beef hash... pretty simple, but good.  It came with toast and hash browns, which were both fine; one neat thing is that they serve homemade strawberry jam and peanut butter fluff, which are both great accompaniments to your toast. My wife ordered the pancake sandwich, which had pancakes, which wasn't served as a sandwich.  It was two pancakes with an egg and bacon.  She was a little disappointed by the presentation, but liked it nonetheless.  She really liked that strawberry jam. As a side note, we inquired with the waitress about a tourist attraction, and she went and got her boss to talk to us; based on how he talked, I got the impression that he was the owner of the restaurant.  He was very friendly and helpful, and took several minutes to engage us in conversation. Prices are pretty excellent.  You can *easily* get out of here for less than $10 a person.  There wasn't a wait when we went here, but the place was somewhat full, so it's quite possible that a wait can form during peak hours.
My husband and I usually judge a good breakfast restaurant on how they make their biscuits and gravy.  Goldies was a definite winner!  Their prices are extremely affordable and you get a good bang for your buck.  We are there at least once a week, and it's always nice to walk in and see locals bringing in the business, especially in the off-season.  They have a great variety of sandwiches for lunch, and a simple breakfast menu which gives you options that complete your specific cravings. You're always greeted with a smile, and your coffee cup is always full.  I highly recommend this place.
I had breakfast here this morning and loved the place (3/3/14). I built my own omelet (spinach, tomatoes, sausage, and American cheese) and it was delightful. The chef mixed the ingredients into the entire omelet and the cheese was melted inside evenly throughout. The coffee wasn't bad, either. I look forward to having breakfast there again and perhaps trying their lunch on my next trip to Naples.
Yep, Goldie's is that little hole-in-the-wall eatery that every town has.  The one that is privately owned and tiny, but serves fantastic food cheap and quickly.   I've never had a bad meal here, and I've been eating here for MANY years.  Your biggest problem will be that other diners may bump elbows with you while you're all crammed in there for lunch.  :)  Try the daily specials!  Come hungry, the portions are generous.  And get there early, or you'll be one of the 25 people waiting outside for a coveted tiny table in the dining space.
Another 5 star breakfast! Great homestyle food for a great homestyle price!!!
The food was delicious.  The portions large.  The service great and the price excellent. The place is small and always busy but no waiting for us at noon on Saturday. There were always a couple tables open, but only a couple.
Me and my girlfriend are trying new restaurants all over town and we decided on Goldie's today. Little place tucked away in a strip mall but had some great food for a reasonable price. We got the breakfast platter for two and it was way more food then I anticipated. With drinks it was about 20$ for the both of us. Would definitely go back again. Biscuits and gravy would be my go to meal if you don't know what to order!
So, I'm not sure about the 5 stars. This doesn't meet my (perhaps unqiue) criteria for a 5 star rating. But I want to stress that my 3 isn't bad, and this is a definite would return. Prices are cheap cheap cheap, the portions are huge, and it's pretty tasty. A huge plate of french toast for $4.50, delicious grits in bulk quantity, and massive thick ham streaks. Everything was good, and the service was very friendly and prompt. They also have delicious homemade "toppings" - very good strawberry jam, as well as a peanut butter-marshmallow fluff, both in squeeze bottles on the table. It's easy to guess at the jam, but the fluff...well, it has the color of deli mustard when viewed through the squeeze bottle. Turned out to be very good on the biscuits and the french  toast. So, if I'm ever back in Naples, I'll look this place up again. Of note, it isn't too big, so either get in early or be prepared to wait a bit. I have a feeling it can get pretty full. And their specials may not last long - I think one of my fellow diners got their last or second to last ham steak the day we visited, as they were erasing the special from their chalk board shortly after taking our order.
Delicious breakfast, and cheap! We ordered eggs, waffles, pancakes, and potatoes. Pancakes had great flavor. Potatoes were also delicious and weren't too greasy. Place is in a strip mall shopping center off the main drag. Definitely check this place out for breakfast or lunch if you're in Naples. Breakfast is also served til 3p, so if u sleep late like us, you're in luck!
Had the smothered fries and bacon chicken ranch wrap. Big portions great food great price. Very comfort foody. My fiancé had the Reuben and loved it. Lots of meat! Great neighborhood place to eat at.
Corned beef hash omelet with sliced fried potatoes and whole wheat toast.  I am in heaven.  The whole wheat toast was as usual came with their homemade strawberry and peanut butter marshmallow jellies.  I just cannot believe how awesome the jellies are here.  I just try and enjoy each bite of heaven.  Two slices with strawberry and two slices with peanut butter marshmallow.  This is one of those very special places where quality, service, price come together in perfect harmony.
Good. Had breakfast. It was nice to have a good sausage link, I'm usually a patty guy, but there inks were great.  Wait staff was great. I never comment on wait staff and they were great.  I moved my 4 star to 5 because of them.
We were in the area wanting to try something other than skillets when I found this on yelp. The menu is huge with a ton of great sounding breakfast and lunch options. We ordered the biscuits and gravy to share, and both my boyfriend and I got the Egg's Benedict entree. If your sharing between two people, you definitely only need the half order of biscuits and gravy because they're huge, but delicious..will definitely be coming back for more! The egg's benedict were pretty good, but not the best I've ever had..hollandaise wasn't quite as thick as I usually like it. Hash browns were delicious though! We plan on going back for the biscuits and gravy and I look forward to trying some other menu items as well.
Best Value in Naples. We locals love this place even with it's brief serving hours. The staff is in tune and the food is so damn good! I love it all!!! Breakfast is always my favorite! I get my eggs perfect always. My hash browns are crisp to perfection and the corned beef hash is not salty and done just right, meaty, with potatoes just perfect. I love the daily soups and the specials of the day. I love this place and want to keep it special and hope this review doesn't draw too much attention to keep us locals waiting much longer. It has attentive service and a value that Naples treasures to keep coming on during the soft months. We LOVE you!... I go out of my way for a place like this.. You should as well. Just get there early. The strawberry jam is to die for as well as the peanut butter fluff... It can be purchased as well. Three chairs at the bar to help single foodies. Can I give this place ten stars???
Goldies freaked these Canadians out.  It is right beside a gun shop, which a few days after the Colorado shooting, had people walking in and out with rifles, uncased! The food was kind of a surprise.  Bacon really thin and super greasy, nothing like Skillets.  Resting it on a napkin or paper towel before serving would help.  It sat in puddles of grease on a plate. My husband ordered corn beef hash.  The waitress asked it he wanted it crispy, because she said it was usually soft.  Hi came as a burnt hockey puck size brown mass, with a small trace of corn beef.  Coffee was watery, why is it so hard to get good coffee in a restaurant that specializes in breakfast?   I wouldn't go back!
Wonderful everything!  We sat outside as it was a bit chilly in doors. The service was superb, friendly and warm. The food was exceptional. Potatoes were freshly sliced and fried, not processed. They checked for my dairy allergies in a very kind manner. My husband had  Corn beef hash  that was outstanding. More food then you can eat and prices are extremely reasonable. Highly recommend this for breakfast. We are excited to return and try lunch!
Awesome breakfast, two thumbs up!!  Such a warm and friendly place, breakfast tasted as if my own mother was in the kitchen cooking it!  Had the chicken fried steak and french toast, both super good!  The homemade peanut butter jam is a must try as well!  Great prices too!
Great little breakfast place. Don't be concerned about the location as it is in a strip mall, next to a gun store, on a side street. This is where you would expect hole in the wall diner places anyway! It is vibrant and clean inside. Prices are way cheap, good quality made-to-order diner food. As I sit here, the regulars are shifting in, calling each other out by name. These are the types of guys you'd expect to find here, or rather, the types of guys you would ask about where to find a great breakfast place. My coffee never made it to the bottom of the mug and I had my food in under 5 mins.  All for like $8.
It was ok. Not on my top 10 list and actually probably won't go back. It is pretty cheap so maybe it's just one of those things in life that you pay for what you get.
We were planning on Perkins and decided to try the local joints.  Judging by the crowd at Goldie's on a Monday at 11am, it had to be good -- and it was. Great breakfast and great value.  Another Yelp find.
What a great little restaurant. Very small place, always busy. Great food and great service. Even with the place being full, you are seated very quickly. Huge menu!
This place is a hidden gem!   Food was great.  Service excellent...very friendly.  You could tell they know the regulars but took great care of us who was in there for the first time.  The prices are more than reasonable.  We got the steak wrap and the corned beef sandwich and both were excellent!  Will be trying them out for breakfast this weekend!
Great food and friendly staff! It's a little small but for a quick breakfast or lunch it's just fine. Don't miss out on the grits or homemade peanut butter and jam!
A hidden gem. If you haven't visited Goldies then you don't know what you're missing!  The menu offers a wide variety of selections at such a GREAT PRICE!  Also love the changes in the dining area!!
We tried Goldies for breakfast after reading the reviews. Little place with probably no  more then 14 tables and 3 counter stools. Breakfast was breakfast, just OK. I did order 1 biscuit with gravy. Gravy was not hot, but tasted good. My fault for not sending it back. 2-3 weeks later we were in that area and went to Goldies for lunch. 1st thing I/we noticed was it looked dirty. Tables were not clean, floor was filthy, food that was dropped was not swept up. At some time people's shoes must have been wet because you could see the dirt tracked in from outside. The day we were there it was sunny so it makes me wonder when the floor had been washed last. I ordered a Turkey Club. Turkey piled high, but not the real kind, the pressed kind. Bacon crispy, nice. Whole wheat bread, that was supposed to be toasted was so disappointing - it was soggy - mayo was hard to find. I suppose I could have asked for some extra mayo. All-in-all I don't think we'll go back.
Don't bother at the other overpriced breakfast places in town! This place has fast affordable breakfast and lunch not to mention they have a well maintained web site with the current daily specials.They even offer promotions with facebook check ins and have a local business page to like. I am a very critical person when it comes to sausage gravy and biscuits, such a simple thing, but all the other places in town can't seem to get it right. This is always what I order to base my opinion of a restaurants potential for other dishes, if you can't get something as simple as biscuit and gravy right then chances are the rest will be a flop. I must say it was well put together and had a nice balance of gravy and biscuit. I prefer a chunky sausage gravy though it was broken down a bit I could still taste pieces of sausage. I will definitely be back to this place especially since it's less than two minutes from my house! Oh yes and the waitresses were on top of it making sure all our needs were met from the time we walked in until the time we left and that was impressive especially when it was busy.
Breakfast at Goldie's this morning. Can you say yum?! Corned beef hash was delicious. The peanut butter fluff served in the squeeze bottle to put on your toast, or anything else for that matter made me want to cry. I want to eat it on everything I eat for the rest of my life! Free pancakes today with every breakfast. They were fluffy and delicious. Great food, great price. Going back tomorrow!
Food is great, people are awesome. New decor is pretty awesome. They appear to always be improving and getting better! I can't say anything negative about this restaurant. They get busy during season, but I have never had more than a 5 minute wait.
