Delicious food, beautiful decor, impeccable service-a win all around! We started with flatbread and the kimchee-pineapple dumplings, which we most likely wouldn't have ordered, except that our server, Amanda, highly recommended them. They were outstanding! My husband had the lasagna, which was very flavorful and fresh and plenty filling, despite its compact appearance. I had the enchiladas, which were also very good. Desert was our favorite part-my husband got the salted cheesecake while I had the chocolate tart. So great-it was almost hard to believe that they were vegan. Even the coffee and wine we ordered were remarkable! We will definitely return!
Cannot say enough wonderful things about Cider Press.....incredible food, attentive owner, nice beer selection.  Did I mention amazing food?  We wanted one of everything but filled up and couldn't manage it.  We had a watermelon sushi roll, wedge salad, corn chowder, enchiladas, dessert. Absolutely everything was delicious.  The portions also seemed a bit larger than what you usually get at a vegan/raw restaurant. It's so nice to finally have a couple vegan options in Naples but you do not need to be vegan to enjoy Cider Press. You just need to appreciate good food. Bring your omnivore friends to this gem! Well done Cider Press.  Wish you all the best and can't wait to return.
So yummy! In town for work and stopped in for lunch. I had the corn chowder and three amigos. I normally don't like cold soup but the chowder was tasty and hearty. The three amigos were DELICIOUS- I highly recommend them! Quaint little cafe that's well decorated (I even enjoyed the background music) I picked up pad Thai and key line pie to go for dinner tonight, I have no doubt I will equally pleased
Came here on Friday and Saturday and had the sushi roll, the coconut taco, the lasagna, and the tacos . All I can say is that it's perfection. We also ordered the pumpkin cheese cake and banana split, GET IT!
I can't believe of all the restaurants in Naples I'm giving a VEGAN place five stars, but by golly they earned it. Not only is the ambiance beautiful, but the hipster staff is sweet and accommodating, and the food is phenomenal. I'm talking about explosion in your mouth great. Literally your brain is thinking "wait this is cold, and there is no meat, I shouldn't like this, but can I lick the plate?" The chef really knows what they're doing. I will be back in a heartbeat! I highly recommended being open minded and giving this place a shot, you won't be disappointed :)
Absolutely incredible food! Beautiful and flavorful vegan/raw food. We tried a variety of dishes and all were superb. Easy access off of Rte 75. Our new must stop when traveling between Tampa and Miami.
Review: The Cider Press Café Naples, FL -- ciderpresscafe.com So, raw vegan... And, this place is amazing! The space is clean line contemporary; nice use of recycled materials and the service is friendly & attentive. We love Amanda!   We began with several starters: Coconut Spring Rolls (surprisingly light), Seminole Corn Chowder (creamy, light & delicate), Cheesy Kale Chips (flavorful), Thai Lettuce Wrap (great sauce) & the Florida Roll (great flavor: watermelon, mango & avocado.) For the main course, we chose: The Three Amigos (love the taco shells), Buckingham Farms Tomato Lasagna (fresh, fabulous, favorite), Pad Thai (spicy), Chipotle Enchiladas (savory!) For dessert, we chose a few: Salted Caramel Cheesecake (creamy with nice salty crunch), Key Lime Pie (pucker up!), Chocolate Ganache Tart (decadent) & Vanilla Ice Cream (very smooth.) So, our favorites among 4 guests -- a very difficult decision indeed! 1. Buckingham Farms Tomato Lasagna 2. Seminole Corn Chowder Soup 3. Chocolate Ganache Tart 4. Coconut Spring Rolls 5. Florida Rolls We highly recommend The Cider Press Café!
Raw, vegan, diary and gluten free had no appeal for me. i dont practice any of those food restrictions. turned out to be the tastiest (and cheapest) restaurant of the four we ate at in Naples, FL. very inventive and interesting. everyting delicious (except this green drink i ordered, forgot what it was). lot of fun because the food is so interesting. service was good, ambience is fine. especially good were the faux key lime pie, pasta, sushi. i would definitely go again.
A most welcoming place. We were greeted and orientated to the menu by the owner, Roland. I was the only vegan in my party and everyone left very satisfied. We tried the kale chips and Thai lettuce wraps for appetizers. The lettuce wraps were awesome. Kale chips were good but nothing special. For entrees we had the pad Thai, heirloom lasagna, enchiladas and three amigos. All were delicious. The lasagna seemed a humorously small portion when it arrived, but it was a perfect portion and filling. Everything was very well balanced and flavorful. We also had juices and cocktails. Every one was good. A well done restaurant. Thanks Roland!
Excellent, amazing. My taste buds came alive. The flavors were so unusual yet beautiful pieces of art as well. Everything is raw, though you would never know it is ALL vegan AND Gluten Free. So happy I can eat everything in the menu Have smoothies and dessert too. Limited menu until they officially open. Easy access from Immokalee rd, free parking, at DBS of strip mall Decor is chic, open, clean, refreshing. Service excellent, the famous Chef even came out and talked to us. I asked if I could take at least The sous chef Home with us. On the Higher priced side but what is your health worth? Better reserve on Open Table to get in
Innovative menu, creative use of ingredients, all of which ere very fresh and flavorful. Gorgeous colors and unique textures make for a very stimulating dining experience.  Portions are small relative to the price points (for all food and drinks). Service at lunch was slow and our waiter was a total clutz.  The atmosphere is appropriate for lunch meetings/dates but the portions would not sustain you for an evening meal.  Bottom line: the food itself was delicious and will definitely give you something to talk about with your friends and family.  A nice place to have a healthy lunch and I would go back again if I lived closer.
The corn chowder was our favorite
Well prepared with nice presentation. Good quick service although nothing is "cooked". Gazpacho was excellent but the wedge salad wasn't served as a wedge, rather chopped.  For a non-vegan nor vegetarian I was impressed and will come again. Ice cream with brownie was very good.  Even our meat lover engineer enjoyed it. Only downer was the price.
The Cider Press Cafe was like a breath of fresh air to me! They had me at Vegan and Gluten Free! Not to mention tastefully done, excellent service and an immaculately clean and inviting space with a collection of  interesting artwork displayed. One of the owners Roland who is quite charming, personally greeted and seated us. Roland explained the menu and their philosophy and made us feel very comfortable. The server had knowledge of all the menu items and their ingredients and will give you recommendations if needed. Their dishes are all served raw, that may sound foreign to you, however if you would like a unique, healthy and amazing dining experience, I highly recommend visiting this restaurant. You will be pleasantly surprised at how satisfying this type of cuisine can be! We had fresh salads to start and being able to have croutons was definitely a plus as they are made from almonds not flour! Their smoked pecans were a nice touch too! We shared the Pad Thai and Enchiladas, both were very nicely presented as well as extremely flavorful and fresh. They have a lovely hot tea selection, juices, smoothies and of course apple cider!! You can also find gluten free beer and sulfite free wine along with other fun alcoholic beverages if you care to indulge. We had a chocolate ganache tart for dessert topped with fresh strawberries, one word- Yum! My husband who is strictly a carnivore enjoyed our meal and service. We will be sure to visit the all vegan, all raw, all good Cider Press Cafe again!
Everything is prepared with care.  Beautiful and delicious.  Don't fill up, save room for dessert.  My husband had key lime pie and I had a banana split.  He though his was the best and I though mine was!  Both were excellent.
Had a wonderful MEAL here last night - Beautiful ambiance, and the service is friendly, and professional. Everything we had was fresh, delicious, and satisfying. Good wine list, with lots of choices. Nice to walk away from a meal and feel rejuvenated and healthy. Will definitely return soon... An excellent restaurant and experience.
Most amazing vegan food I've ever had. Everything was very refreshing and flavorful. It's astonishing what the chef is able to make with raw food and make them so tasteful. I eat meats in regular basis and I was so satisfied with their options. Thai lettuce wrap, kale salad, "pad thai" made with zucchini, and tomato "lasagna" are strongly recommended. Staff, chef and the owner are all very friendly and the service was great as we'll. I will stop at Naples just to dine here again!!
Why, oh why, didn't I take a picture?  Really, this dining experience was more artistic than any I've had in my 5 years in Naples.  I am not a vegetarian or vegan, but respect the principles.  If I could eat food prepared by the chef at the Cider Press Cafe, I would be converted.  The dishes were small, but filling.  I loved the kimchi dumplings for an appetizer, and the pineapple sorbet was unbelievable.  The main dishes were very good, too (pad thai and garden lasagna, shared with a friend), but I want to go back and try the enchiladas and tacos.  The flavors are so fresh and delicious.  They purchase much of their food from Food & Thought (local). You'll leave feeling full, but not stuffed.  The service was excellent.  The only suggestion I have is that the server be a little better informed about the wine and beer selections.  Many of them are new to me, so I could have used help pairing.  I will definitely be back, and highly recommend this to any and all Naples diners who like to eat healthy and experience something a little new and different.
Wonderful Experience delicious for your palate and eyes fresh flavors burst in your mouth an experience like none other I've had. Corn Chowder, lasagne, kale salad, flatbread so yummy all gluten free/ vegan. Oh dessert dairy/sugar free vanilla ice cream and mango sorbet. YUM!
We took a visiting vegetarian to The Cider Press. The food is wonderful by any standard, though it does in fact cater to raw, vegan and gluten free eaters. We are none of those categories but enjoyed the delicious, fresh and elegant preparation of all the dishes. Between us we had the kale chips, the corn chowder, Florida roll, and heirloom tomato lasagne. They also had a nice beer and wine list, reasonably priced.  Service by Amanda was friendly and she took the time to explain how the dishes were prepared. Restaurants serving "healthy" food often get a bad rap for serving boring but good-for-you dishes in grungy surroundings. At the Cider Press you can eat fine food in very pleasant surroundings. We did not try the desserts but will do on next visit which will be very soon.
This is by far my favorite restaurant now.  I had the three amigo's taco's and they were outstanding.  Had a great cabernet to go with it.  I took a to-go box of the cheescake and hubby has the chocolate ganache.  Yum!  I will definitely be back!
A vegan, raw-food restaurant didn't sound appealing to me (I remember that episode of Sex And The City), but my friends kept telling me how great this new place in Naples was. So finally yesterday I went there for a quick workday lunch, and I am so glad I did. The place is beautiful and Allen explained anything and everything about the menu. It all sounded delicious and the quality of the ingredients was reassuring to me, as I am trying to eat better. I ordered the lasagna, fully expecting that I might have to stop for something more on the way back to the office - Surely a pile of vegetables wouldn't fill me up. Not only was I sated, I didn't eat another bite until dinner. The lasagna was fantastic and the "bread and butter" that go with it were a perfect compliment. The meal was flawlessly balanced, scrumptious, and satisfying. I can't wait to go back and try the soup and desserts.
Incredible!!! The flavors are great and the staff is great! Sometimes people don't want to try healthy food, but this one is better than any I've ever tasted! If you have the chance, definitely go!
The concept for food served here is raw, vegan, gluten free. Somehow, I missed the meaning of raw ( everything is served cold and has not been heated above 116 F) until it was explained by the staff. The lasagne looks like a stacked salad, but the flavor is terrific. The enchiladas and tacos were very tasty. The filling reminded me chorizo in flavor. The raw tortillas are made by dehydration and were a little "chewy". Still, both were quite tasty. I did not try the 4th entree ( quenelles ), but will when I return. The presentations were excellent. Simple but beautiful and that matches the food well. Personally, I would have liked some salt and spice ( heat) to enhance the dishes. Still they were quite good. The entree portions are not large so you can have an appetizer and salad as well without becoming too full. I am confident that you will enjoy the food and be exposed to something different ( but not strange) from what you have eaten before. Go with a group and order everything on the limited menu and share. Your taste buds will be thrilled!
Came here for lunch with my husband and we loved it. Our server was so nice and attentive. The food was SO flavorful. We had a thai wrap as an appetizer, we could hardly even tell it didn't have meat. Our food was delicious. And we definitely would love to come back before we leave!
I went to Cider Press today for lunch with my two sisters for the first time. Once we walked through the doors we were pleasantly greeted by Roland, one of the owners. He promptly escorted us to our table and gave us some information on their philosophy on the food concept. He walked us through the menu. Alan, who was our server was very knowledgeable on the food and drink preparations. He guided us into picking some really amazing dishes!! We started with the Florida Roll and Coconut Spring Rolls which were delicious. For our main courses I had the Flatbread with olive tapenade and cashew ricotta...Yum!! My sisters had the Cider Press Salad and the Pad Thai. All of which tasted incredibly fresh and the presentation was outstanding!! Alan then informed us of their amazing dessert options. We shared the salted caramel cheescake...out of this world! ! When we were leaving Roland thanked us for dining their. From the time we walked through the doors to the time we left we had impeccable, friendly service and amazing food! It was my first time in a raw vegan restaurant and I was truly impressed from start to finish!! I highly recommend the Cider Press Cafe!! They also had a very nice beer and wine list. We opted for the infused teas which were very refreshing too!!
