We arrived with a party of 6 at approximately 8:30pm on a Friday night without reservations and to my surprise we were seated immediately outside with the closest table to the beach. I don't know if maybe after sunset this place clears out or if we were simply lucky. Nevertheless, it was a great start to the night! (it should be noted that we liked this place so much overall that we attempted to come back the next night and were turned away due to not having a reservation) Ambience/Atmosphere: This has an elegant beach house feel with a relaxing and intimate setting. Each table is candle lit in the middle and all are on the beach. I can't say enough about the incredible setting except for one minor thing. After sunset, it can be a little too dark for my taste. The candles are so subtle and there isn't much else as far as light. The presentation of the food gets a little lost with it being so dark. Service: Very attentive. Prompt. No complaints at all. I wish I remembered our waitresses name to give her kudos. She did a great job presenting the menu. Food: Our entire party of 6 raved about the food! Not only that night but we continued to praise this place throughout our stay at Naples. The food was phenomenal!! My girlfriend had the Mahi Mahi with crab meat over a jasmine rice along with seared scallops and shrimp. She has never been a huge fan of scallops but she felt that they were so perfectly seared that she loved them. I had the filet mignon with crab meat along with the same amazing seared scallops placed on mashed potatoes and asparagus. I've eaten at some pretty amazing steakhouses in my lifetime and this one was right up there with any. Perfectly cooked. Unlike my girlfriend, I am a scallop lover and these were absolutely perfect! Well seasoned and well seared. Light crispy on the outside and tender in the middle. We loved this place overall so much that we decided to go back the very next night. Unfortunately, as I mentioned earlier, we failed to have reservations and were turned away. They even offered to text me or call me in about 2.5 hours when they felt they would be able to sit us again. However, we were too hungry to wait that long. Without a doubt, I will definitely be eating here again when we next visit Naples.
Fantastic sunset view! My wife and I were really looking forward to watching the sunset in Naples. By far, this is the BEST place to watch! The hostess was very friendly, helpful and accommodating. She was honest with the wait time and even helped us get a table on the sand during the sunset. Drinks were very well made. Friendly bar staff. We ordered the muddled margarita which was very good. Food was delicious, fresh and well put together. We had a watermelon wedge and a Napoleon salad (crab stack) to start. Both were equally amazing! Next we ordered the seafood harvest and a grouper dish. Both were amazing! The grouper was perfectly cook and the combination with the jasmine rice was great. The seafood harvest was also good with the exception that the mahi was a bit dry and overlooked. However, the scallops and shrimp more than made up for it. Overall, a great experience!
Definitely a disappointment In most cases, yelp reviews are on point, because really, how could so many people be wrong?! My husband and I are both in our mid twenties, and we chose to dine here with our two kids. This restaurant may allow children, but I wouldn't consider it kid friendly or welcome. We knew when walking in that it was not our thing, and that's okay, but for all the frills and great reviews, you should expect great taste too? Wrong. We were seated and our water was poured. This friendly man with glasses came over to get our drink orders. The kids menu items are $10. For a grilled cheese I've never payed so much. We order the turtlefellar oysters, which were delicious. I order the mahi mahi & shrimp with jasmine rice and asparagus= awful. I normally like this fish, so I expected it to be delicious! It had a bitter after taste and jasmine rice come to find out just isn't for me! The mahi mahi dish was nothing special (obviously) and was $28. I'm sorry but I'm not sure who rates the prices of this restaurant, but was this one done 5 years ago? I think of this as 5 star high. I try to avoid chain eating like most people on yelp I would assume attempt on vacation, but I would take chilis any day over this. I should add that the waiter was generous enough to take the awful meal off of our check and with one entree, 1 appetizer, 2 kids meals, a glass of wine and one beer, our total was $87.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Naples. I enjoy with my dad and my wife every time in Naples. The service is always good, and specials for lunch, which are sure to surprise us each time! Highly recommend!!! Bruce...Georgia
I tried to make reservations for sunset but they were booked.  We had reservations for 8:30 and arrived early 8:10 and they sat us.  Out side was very nicely candle lite.  Our waitress was very nice and I know things happen but I got my dinner and my husbands food was no where, she finally came over and had to go to the kitchen and came back and about 15 minutes later he got his plate when I was done with my meal.  For this happening I thought something would of been comped.  But no so he just sat there as I ate my meal just not how you want to eat when you are spending 100 plus dollars.  The food was very good!
Second time at this place.. the food and atmoaphere is great.. Our server was a complete asshole.. (I think his name was tim).. he cared more about larger tables instead of our table for 2... at one point I walked to the bar to get another grey goose and tonic.. I ll be honest the food is great.. but the experience with the server was ridiculous.. we actually were going to make a reservation for 16 in 3 weeks but do to the attitude and unprofessionalism of the server.. we will be going to Trulucks..
On Vanderbilt beach. If you get hungry sunbathing/swimming/bikini watching just stroll north a couple hundred feet and have lunch at the Turtle Club. Bathing suits and bare feet are no problem. Serving more than just seaside snacks you can choose tuna or crab cakes or great salads with grilled chicken or shrimp. Eat out on the terrace under the umbrellas or the patio. Lunch ends at 2 PM.
You come here for the view, but if your table is not front row, it's kind of a zoo with all the people walking around the tables to take pictures on the beach. The food is average, typical Florida seafood fare. The martinis are great and actually reasonably priced for an oceanfront restaurant. I had been dying to try this restaurant, and finally went to celebrate my birthday, but unfortunately my experience was sub-par. Definitely happy I tried it but I don't think I will be returning.
The good:      The food is tasty and well presented.  The service here was absolutely fantastic.  Wait staff is very attentive and polite. The bad:       We had a reservation for 8:45 (party of 2), however did not arrive until 9:10.  At 8:55 the manager calls to ask if we were still planning on coming and we told him that we were in route and would arrive within a few minutes. He mumbles something about them having just sat a large party, said he would let the kitchen know and then conversation ended.   Upon arrival, he was standing at the hostess stand and yells "you must be Shane".  When I confirmed he proceeds to lecture me and tells me that he needs us to ordered right away because the kitchen closes at 10.   I was a split second away from walking out the door and had I not been on vacation and in a pretty chipper mood to begin with I would have.   Who greets guests to your restaurant in that manner?  There wasn't a single thing on the menu that would have taken more than 30 minutes to prepare.  God forbid they have to pay the kitchen staff to work until 10:15.  Further, the large party that had just been sat when the manager called me 15 minutes prior ordered at the same time we did. The ugly:      The grumpy manager with the mustache - get rid of him!
This place sucks. It's hot as can be inside. Food is full of butter.  Seafood is frozen. Waste of time.
Not sure if I've ever given five stars before. Made a 7pm reservation for a business dinner and unfortunately there weren't any outside tables available. The meal was perfection, everyone's food looked amazing and my guests and I enjoyed the dinner tremendously.
Can't beat the view here you literally eat on the beach...oh yeah and the food isn't bad either!  stopped by for lunch on the way out of town and had a pastrami sandwich on a pretzel roll.  It was really good i'd give the sandwich a 4 for pastrami.
Oceanfront, View, Outdoor Seating!!!! So pretty here (the view). I've only eaten outside on the patio for lunch a few times with some drinks. Loved this place. Busy busy place with valet car service (sometimes it takes forever)..but definitely worth a visit. Heard the sunsets are beautiful. I come here with my mom for lunch. Good food, drinks and relaxing :)
Beautiful beach... Good food... Great drinks!!! We visited the Turtle Club twice while on this trip to Naples. On my first visit there we started at the bar (shocking!) had delicious dirty martinis with stuffed olives, forgot the bartenders name (sorry!), however please note, he was on point! kudos to him! Once seated we proceeded to dive into the food, we had a grilled chicken salad with the lobster bisque, a must try!  The rest of the table had the usual fare, burgers, sliders... and more martinis! I was a very happy beach girl! Our next visit was not as smooth, the bartender (older female) refused to serve me... and the story goes like this: I set up our chairs on prime beach real estate, get everything settled then off to the bar I go. I ordered 3 drinks for our group, the bartender looks at me and proceeds to ask for ID.  Ok, typically this is cute, but seriously, I'm 41! I smile and say, "seriously?" she looks at me exhales and says "yes."  So off I go, trecking through hot sand, down the steps, across the beach to get my ID.  I get back to the bar, then she says "I can only sell you one drink."  So I said "excuse me, why?"  she proceeds to tell me I need an ID for EACH drink!!!! SERIOUSLY!!! I stomp back to the group and drag my boyfriend back with me, guess what? she looks at him, nods and says "that's ok, I don't need to see your ID" Ah.... the things I do to imbibe.... Turtle Club, you are lucky that your other bartenders where kick ass, our waitress was solid, your food was great, you offer valet and your beach is killer, otherwise I'd never go back!   Tip:  if you're visiting Naples, definitely check this place out, make reservations well in advance, it's always packed, and stay away from the older bartender lady!!
So my Mom & I (and my 8lb Yorkie in his own traveling bag) drive up & are greeted by the Valet...who loves our dog & valets our car...we proceed to the Hostess & ask to be seated outside on the patio..we sit at a nice table...there are a few people for lunch at other tables. We order our drinks & my dog is content in his bag on the cement by my chair-out comes the Hostess in an all fired hurry to tell us NO dogs allowed! I then looked up Pet Friendly Restaurants in Naples...quite a nice long list...we drove straight to Campiellos where we were met by a waitress who said "can I get a bowl of water for your dog?" And had the loveliest salad & pasta ever!! With lots of Italian wine ---- perfect!! Ruff!!!!
The Turtle Club is a really cool spot. It is refined but quaint and right on the beach. Dining beach-side is a real treat. I've been to the Turtle Club for lunch and dinner. A little surprisingly, the fare is good, but not stellar or particularly memorable. For instance, my soup was delivered cold and both times, everything was a touch bland.  It's kind of pricey ($200+ for two). Our server was from Scotland and was charming. He may have been a bit busy however, as he disappeared for extended periods. All of this said, there are few better places to watch the sunset and listen to the waves. They have an awesome outdoor patio. I highly recommend checking it out, just don't expect a culinary masterpiece.
Fine dining on the beach. I'm not sure how you can top watching the sunset ON the beach, eating a delectable meal. For appetizers, you MUST get the crab napoleon. This is probably one of my favorite appetizer of all time! It comes with huge lump crab. I could honestly just eat this dish and be content. The beet and goat cheese salad is ridiculous as well. All the components including the dressing go together nicely. You're guaranteed to like any dish you order from here. The seafood is fresh and cooked perfectly. The portions are perfect so you're not overly stuffed. And the flavors are phenomenal. The wine is also decently priced! Especially for being such an upscale restaurant. Tip: get a reservation during sunset, you'll thank me later!
Great food and amazing sunset views. Dine with your feet in the sand enjoying an adult beverage of choice!! The Turtle Club never disappoints!
Amazing sunset!!  Terrible coordination.  I love waiting for an hour only to find out they won't be able to seat us before the kitchen closes.
We had lunch here last week, and really enjoyed it. The dried cherry salad was my pick- Romaine lettuce, vine ripe tomato, julienne of carrot, red onions & tangy sweet dried Michigan cherries, tossed in raspberry vinaigrette. Topped with marinated oak grilled rosemary chicken, candied pecans & Gorgonzola cheese. We'll be back next time we're in Naples, for sure.
What a fantastic view if you eat outside at The Turtle Club! Sunsets are amazing! The wait is usually fairly long, so enjoy a cocktail out on the sand. Frozen drinks are yummy as you watch the sun set or take in the beach lovers at lunchtime. Menu is small, but very adequate. Healthy salads and nice sandwiches served with crispy fries at lunch. The service is exceptional. Jamie was our favorite server! So, if you want to relax and take in a fabulous scene while dining, go to The Turtle Club while in Naples. All the food is fantastic; try the Oysters Turtlefeller. Lunch is nice, outside with umbrellas over tables. Dinner is wonderful at sunset. One time, the sunset was so good that the waiters were stopping to get photos on their smartphones.I had almost forgotten how good the food was at The Turtle Club because no matter how good it is (and it is VERY good), it will always be overshadowed by the location and breathtaking views of The Gulf of Mexico. Oysters Turtlefeller is a must try and possibly the BEST signature dish in all of Naples, i cannot reiterate further. The surf and turf combinations make it easy not to miss out on either. All in all, the prices are very reasonable for Naples fine dining. Arrive no later than 11 o'clock for lunch as most people are vying for a spot on the beach. We got there a bit later this time and didn't beat the rush, but we decided to wait to eat outdoors as the dining room can be quite noisy and you don't get the view of the ocean. We enjoyed a glass of wine in there outdoor waiting area which made the wait pleasant. Your best value for money is definitively the lunch as the evening meal is on the pricey side. Well worth the money for lunch. The fish and seafood is always very fresh and beautifully presented. Staff is very good. Enjoy!
The Turtle Club is a beautiful, cute local restaurant in Vanderbilt Beach near Naples. The ceviche is wonderful and is like a party in your mouth full of favor. The lobster bisque is really good, I like my bisque smooth and creamy but their vision was not as smooth and had corn and nuts as a garnish but tasty. Our main course was the special a Lobster with potato, corn, bacon and spinach hash which was delightful!!!! It was a perfect dining experience with the only two exceptions... The table next to us was loud, drunk and obnoxious group of early thirty somethings. (Tourist) And the waiter clearly didn't want to be working on Thanksgiving evening and we felt it.
Oysters Turtlefeller! Then get the same topping on your NY Strip!  The food can't be beat and the atmosphere is cool; if the "Rat Pack" where in town, this is where they'd eat. For an out of the way, memorable dinner with indoor or outdoor dining and sunset views, The Turtle Club is "The Bomb" !
Lunch here today,outdoor seating ON THE SAND! Shoes off!!! Doesn't get much better than that! Very relaxing, food was delicious. Chiquitto & Banditto would approve!
We had a fantastic meal over the holiday week.  19 of us defended on the Turtle Club for dinner and to watch the sunset.  The food was great.  I highly recommend the scallops.  Any and all the scallop dishes were perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned and served very hot.  I had the calamari, the Wasabi sauce was nice (not too spicy) and the calamari was really tender, but it could have been crispier. I asked and EVERYONE seemed to really enjoy their meals.  ALL 19 meals came out at the same time and all were hot and prepared well.  Our servers were attentive and made sure we were well taken care of! It was a great night and the sun setting over the Gulf was outstanding.  Of course, we spent a fortune, but it was a special occasion!
Food and service were excellent. I loved their dinner rolls, so fresh and warm when they served it. I had the calamari to start with and my bf got the cheese plate and we both loved it. As for our main entree, I got the sea harvest platter and he had the steak. We ended the night with a key lime pie for him and a apple pie for me and it was phenomenal. The reason I took a star off is because they let kids run around and play next to us. I understand is a vacation resort but there is a beach a few feet away they can play in. It just ruined the mood.
Oh man what a great place.  It was a little hard to get a reservation, but if you can it's worth the wait.  Great and varied menu, with a nice local selection.  It is pretty fancy so I wouldn't recommend for little children, although we did bring our 5 yr old and 4 month old.   There is wonderful seating ocean side, basically right on the beach, but if you don't want to risk a sun-burn there is plenty of cover inside.  Staff was accomindating and friendly.
Made reservations for this overrated restaurant 2 months earlier on open table.  We arrived and they sat us outside where it was 50 degrees  with winds of 20 mph.  The heater lamps were even swaying in the wind.  We asked to be seated inside, but the rude hostess said we should have brought sweaters and there were no tables inside.  This was funny since  the place looked pretty empty.   So we were told to come back another times even though I told her it was my birthday.  I'd never go back.  The inside looked old and run down, the hostess and manager were rude as heck, and there are a lot  nicer restaurants than this in Naples.
Great food, awesome atmosphere! It doesn't get any better than enjoying dinner right on the beach.. The sunset was beautiful!
Great Experience food was great staff was great I put this in my top ten. Oysters turtlefella were very good. I had the triple tale fish of the day it was excellent. My wife hade the snapper and fish chowder also excellent. We finished with deep dish apple Pie this was also excellent   This is must go to
1. Excellent Romantic Atmosphere - Sand in your toes, dining on the beach while watching the sunset. 2. Great Service - Our waitress was very attentive & friendly. 3. Great Food - Crab stuffed grouper was excellent!  Roasted Beat salad, Incredible. Lobster Bisque in was my top 3.
The food and service was outstanding.  If you like ocean view and beautiful sunsets this is place for you.
This review is only for their Key Lime pie, which I picked up for dinner at a friend's house. Simply put, it's the best Key Lime pie I've ever had.  Luckily, I do not live in the area, or I'd buy at least one a week and not share a crumb. The pies are homemade with just the right amount of tartness, and the graham cracker crust is fantastic.  If you buy one to go, as I did, don't even think about sampling it on your way home.  You'll end up trying to eat it with your hands, may cause an accident, and at the very least, it will be apparent to anyone you intended to share it with that you got your grimy little paws into it.  Or, you could just buy 2.
I enjoy coming to this resto on the beach, no matter what the weather or number going.  Today I was solo; and the hands fell from the face of the clock.  So pretty to watch the water, feel the Gulf breeze, and just let the whole afternoon go by.    Apparently I'm enough of a regular that valet brought my car without a ticket passed to them.   Lunch  was a favorite:  Salmon filet, laden with almonds, and topping mixed greens.  Heaps of fresh blackberries, strawberries, and blueberries surrounded the fish.   They've replaced the white topped tables on pvc legs outside with iron based tables and tops that are white and  sand-colored stripe.  The fresh, tan umbrellas complete the new look that blends perfectly withe the sand beyond.  I hadn't realized how much of a glare those old white topped tables threw until they were gone.     I was introduced to a new addition by the manager, and made a note for future shopping.  Turtle Club contracted with a US distributor of Holland's vodka.  Imported vodka is bottled in tall, clear crystal bottles with the turtle logo and the words, Turtle Club in black script on the side.  Simple elegance with a kick for about $45.
The best key lime pie ever!!!!
Had lunch on Saturday afternoon at the Turtle Club...you can tell it's starting to get back into season in Naples....there was a 20 min wait for a table outside.  It was a gorgeous day, so it was ok to sit on a beach chair and enjoy the breeze. This time, I tried the Seafod Bisque....the best I have ever had!!! The raspberry iced tea is homemade and delicious. This is my favorite lunch spot in Naples!!
The Turtle Club is an ideal place to spend the afternoon with friends and cocktails, drinking in the view of the ocean and bathing in the persistently calming Gulf breeze. The menu is long on flavor and short on choices, but any of the few selections of chicken, beef, seafood and bread may soon be your stand-out favorites. The flavors are very distinct, and each plate is served with excellent presentation. I had the Caesar salad with the seasonal fish, which was grouper. I really like grouper and salad (separately) but the Turtle Club managed to make them fit together in harmony both on the plate and in my smiling stomach. Why only three stars? The drinks are not too strong, but the prices are. Also, the portions are a little svelte. A $15 salad better have me mooing like a cow from the volume of greens I ingest, you know what I mean?
This is probably better for lunch , sitting on the beach with a great view. The food is good, not great. ( Baleens also has sunset views on the beach, better food, but it's pricier) . Nice wine selection. The service is usually good, not great. It's a nice romantic setting if you are having dinner outside at sunset, so DO request that when making reservations. This place is about the view, not the food.
Love, love, love this restaurant! We stumbled upon it several years ago just as we were coming into Naples off of Route 41. The sign said "beach" and we were so anxious to see water, we took a right and ended up at the Turtle Club. Since then, we've been back countless times and put the Turtle Club on our "must" list of places to eat every time we return to Naples. Lunch is affordable and sitting on the patio or the beach is a must! I like the salads, my dad likes the coconut shrimp, and my husband...well he likes everything they serve! Dinner is expensive, but well worth the investment. I usually order one of the seafood specials...not special because of price, but because of the the fish's freshness and the chef's talented approach to preparation. While the food is great, the view is equally as good. You are literally on the beach and unlike many beach restaurants, the Turtle Club does not mind if you leave your car in the valeted lot and spend the afternoon sunning yourself--in or out of season. By the way, the valet service is quick, friendly and inexpensive. The guys are happy with a couple of bucks.
We've been staying on Vanderbilt Beach for years now; we try to come at least once a year. We've always seen the Turtle Club and never really paid much attention to it. This year, we started checking-out Yelp reviews for restaurants in the area. We were surprised to see it had so many good reviews, so we decided to walk over and try it. We weren't disappointed! I had the fish special of the day, which was grilled yellowtail snapper over potato/bacon hash, veggies and a delicious sauce. It was excellent; in fact, my wife who doesn't like fish thought it tasted good. The other interesting thing is that it came in a very nice presentation. My wife had the "three little piggies" which consists of three barbecue pulled-pork sliders. The pork tasted great, I haven't had such tasty BBQ pork in a long time. Overall, the prices were great, and we got to have lunch on the beach in our bathing suits. Service was really good, too.
One of the few spots in Naples that you can dine right on the beach. Sunset is a popular time to visit. However, I consider the menu to be quite pedestrian.  Fairly limited offerings and mediocre in preparation.  Can be hit or miss depending on the day, the chef, and how fresh the ingredients are.   Service is prompt and friendly.
This is about the only place in Naples you can sit on the beach and eat and drink. I know, we have the Ritz Carlton, but who wants to pay $8.00 for a beer? The wine list is great. $9.00 for a good Chardonnay by the glass works! Check out the Oysters - They're brilliant!
The view is fantastic if you are lucky enough to get a spot on the beach, we were with a large group so I got to see a touch of the water. For starters...the bread....UNREAL. I tried to stop myself at one, but went for seconds, and the mixed drinks are large and strong...just the way you like 'em!!!!!!!!!! Especially dining with family... The seafood is really excellent, we an amazing scallop appetizer with a pineapple sauce. Also got a very average ceasar salad to start. The rest of my family that had the seafood had nothing but great things to say...the halibut special came with marinana sauce...a little weird in my book, but the fish was great. My entree was the tenderloin and shrimp. Came with 4 very large shrimp with a good flavor with a pile of mashed potatoes underneath...after 2 pieces of bread, what else could you need??? My tenderloin was slightly overcooked and a tad dry, but still tasted good...but what knocked this down a star was the fact that beef came with a garlic butter already on it...kinda gross. I didn't want to be a HUGE bitch so I delt with it, althou I do NOT like garlic butter on meat...a little au jus would have made the meat fantastic. I don't believe that garlic butter should be served unless it is upon request...it ruins the meat!!! We opted out of dessert as we had it at home, althou I am sure it would have been nothing short of fantastic, I saw a waitress walk by with some cake that looked unreal. For a beachy good time and good eats, give this place a visit!!!
We stopped in for lunch the other day.  The place was quite busy.  I guess everyone want to eat on Vanderbilt Beach during the Easter break.  Thank goodness my favorite waiter, Wayne was still there!  You cannot ask for more attentive, without being smothering service. As always, the food was excellant.  The view of the water and beach was equally enjoyable.  Well...except for that lily-white German family who had no business wearing skimpy bathing suits, if you know what I mean. The Turtle Club never disappoints.  Be sure to ask for Wayne by name!  He can always make a great meal even better!
On the beach, literally, this place really catered to what I was looking for: a quick drink to go.  The food was way overpriced, but then again, you're on the beach in Naples, FL (there is 1 millionaire for every 7 people).  There is no happy hour, so no real break on the prices. Enough about that: the bartenders were great, helpful and really open to newcomers.  Some of the "regulars" seemed annoyed that people were lining up at the bar to get "to go" drinks, but whatever.  Would I go back?  Yes, considering the other option for drinks on the beach is at the Ritz-Carlton ($18-25 drinks).
This place remains excellent for lunches with everything freshly prepared with beautiful presentation and professional  friendly servers.  They make great burgers, beautiful creative salads and sandwiches, and even had excellent fish & chips. Dinner was another story; the lamb chops I previously raved about (and will always remember) have been dropped from the menu.  Our waitress guessed "the price is too high". Of the many choices left on the menu both my wife and I couldn't find anything that appealed to us.  I ended up having a steak (not a menu item, but "today's special") and my wife had two appetizers.   Everything was excellent but it was really strange that both of us couldn't find regular menu items that appealed.
Great ocean views!!  Our appetizers were delicious...we had oysters and a flatbread pizza. My dinner consisted of scallops and shrimp that were cooked and seasoned perfectly. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable.
Fast service, great beach view; fantastic salmon.  Really relaxed, friendly, cozy atmosphere.  A comfort-eats restaurant. Dinner was the salmon fillet with almonds and honey--I held the butter.  Blindingly fast service, as if they prepped it before I even ordered--but as fresh tasting as could be. They don't make any of the desserts here, but the super-duper chocolate cake, and the famous and ubiquitous Randy's key lime pie, are to die for. Finally, the cozy atmosphere and very friendly waitress and staff, and the wonderful beach view, make this a sure-return.  Great place to bring the family on vacation.
Great location, great view of the sunset.  We were looking for an early dinner with great seafood that could handle us and our 10 month old daughter.  It was beautiful, well except for the fact our daughter had just awakened from a nap and felt like she needed to tell everyone about hersef.  Service was excellent, food was perfect.   Definitely make reservations to sit inside or outside, but I'd try for the outdoor seating.
We were pretty disappointed with our dinner Sunday evening.  You can hardly beat the great beach dinning location.   The food on the other hand was overpriced and rather bland.   As an example the heirloom tomato salad for $10 came with only three small pieces of heirloom tomatoes and just a few ordinary cherry tomatoes.   My black grouper was overcooked, lacking any taste, like eating a fillet that had been frozen for 6 weeks.       While the beach front location is wonderful the food was most forgettable.  I would be willing to give it another shot for their lunch menu.
We were recently in Naples and was looking for a fun location to host a Mother's Day celebration. After some research we decided to book the turtle club. What a great decision that was! This is one of the only "beach front restaurants" in the area surprisingly. I thought to myself, ok its on the beach and has amazing views but I bet the food is just going to be ehh ok. WRONG! The food was spectacular, in fact, earth shattering. We experienced some of the best prepared fish we have ever had, and the service matched the food. This is how I want to summarize this place. If you are in Naples and you are looking for an ultra romantic, exciting and tantalizing menu, with outstanding service, you better reserve this place ASAP!
I have been to the Turtle Club several times now and each time, I am never disappointed.  This is probably the best restaurant in Naples to see the sunset right from you table.  I would definitely recommend requesting an table outside.  You get to sit right on the beach and eat while enjoying one of the most gorgeous sunsets you will ever see.  The service here is always good too.  The waitstaff is always very attentive, but not overly attentive.   The last time I visited, I ordered the caesar salad to start.  The salad came out and was perfectly chilled and very fresh.  For my main course, I had the strip steak.  This was cooked perfectly to order and was delicious.  It came with mashed potatoes and green beans, and with some kind of herb butter melted on top of the steak.  I don't care for seafood, but I almost wish I did because the Turtle Club has a lot of good looking seafood options on the menu. The only negative thing about this particular trip was that it took a really long time between our appetizer and main course for the food to come out.  We were sitting there for so long, our table was running out of things to talk about.  At least it was a nice night out.
Great place for lunch right on the sandy beach.  The drinks (especially the Bloody Marys) were great and the food (Fish Sandwich blackened and the Turkey & Bacon Smoked Applewood Press especially) was also. I avoid it in the heart of season (like 3/4 of the places here) due to the crowds but now we are getting to the best part of the year and it is much easier to get in and have some space around you.  They do not accept reservations for lunch but do for dinner.
Breathtaking view of the beach and ocean as you dine on fresh fine seafood! The interior is beautiful, but we chose to dine on the patio outdoors. You can see the sunset right from your seat. We started with the sweet & sour calamari and I've never seen bigger calamari in my life. Included with these crispy calamari are green tea soba noodles and a light wasabi cream - perfect. I chose the Sea Harvest as my dinner because I couldn't decide on just one dish! It included a sample of gulf fish (the fish for the evening was mahi-mahi), shrimp, scallops & a petite crab cake. It's served with a light tasty rice and citrus beurre blanc, plus seasonal vegetables. It was fantastic. It's a great, hidden spot with free valet and I hear the lunch is great as well. I plan to return next time I'm visiting Naples. I hear it gets very crowded during high season, so do yourself a favor and get there while the snowbirds are away! The wine prices were pretty steep - but you'll get that with a more upscale place.
Lovely dinner, lovely sunset. It was a great place to be the night before heading back north.
Good, not great.  Waiter had a slight attitude and was not the most helpful guy in the world.  We could not sit outside with our party of 6 and they actually put us close to the front door. Food was good, just not out of this world.  Lot's of us had the Grouper and again, very good.  My Crab Claws were OK as appetizer, not very well cracked and dipping sauce was not that great. Key Lime pie was more like a mousse than an actual pie we are used too.  Might go back to sit outside if we are back in area.
The food was great. Freshly prepared, server was fantastic and helpful. The Atmosphere was beyond compare. Watching the sunset with our feet in the sand. It was incredible. I didn't give it 5 stars because, although the turtlefeller oysters were the best I've ever had, the other dishes were "good"
My favorite spot in Naples. Where else can you have great food right on the beach as the sun sets over the Gulf.
Amazing atmosphere- I mean who wouldn't enjoy eating on the beach, with their feet in the sand, overlooking the beautiful ocean and sunset? Great intimate experience with amazing service and good food.  I recommend this place for anyone looking for a romantic date night or group celebration.
I don't understand why they don't take reservations for lunch. They cannot handle the capacity of lunch traffic. We arrived at 1:00pm. We were told there was a 25 minute wait. It was more like an hour. Our waiter was a no show. We had to flag someone down to take our order. It was 2:30 by the time our food arrived and we had to flag down someone else to bring us silverware. The food is not worth the wait, unless you eat beforehand and have nothing else to do.
The location is worth the stars alone.  An old school menu with high quality food and service.  While there is nothing inventive about the menu and I would classify the food as very good but not outstanding, it's still worth the trip.
food is really good and the view is amazing at sunset ... one of the best places to grab a bite in naples ... in season the crowd is an issue though ... almost impossible to get a seat without a long wait ... but if your in naples and have time go over to the Turtle Club.. you can always grab a cocktail at the bar while you wait to be seated lol
The only spectacular thing about this restaurant is that it's on the beach and you can watch a beautiful sunset. I dine out frequently and usually forget to write reviews, but I have to write about my experience here. I had a reservation 2 weeks in advance with a request for a table on the beach. When I got there, there were 3 teenagers running the front desk. I gave them my name and they said "ok", but then continued talking to each other loudly for about another couple of minutes. They asked me again if I had a reservation and I responded that my name had not changed within the last minute and I had already told them. It was snarky of me, but I was annoyed as this was the first impression I had of the place that I heard was supposed to be incredible. One of the kids took us outside to a table far from the the sand. When I told him I had requested a table on the beach when I made my reservation, he just responded, "they're...like all taken...". No shit. So I decide to just drink and get over the b-hole children who are the first faces you see when walking into this alleged fine dining restaurant. The waiter was alright, but when I asked him for raw oysters, he said, verbatim, "oh we don't serve those cause too many old people complain about getting sick from them". Are you fucking kidding me? You're a seafood restaurant. And what kind of response is that? My food was good, not great. I ordered a steak with crab and scallops. I ordered my steak rare, it came out medium...but the scallops were perfect. My date ordered a mix of fish that included yellow fin tuna and requested it extra rare. The waiter said, haughtily, they only serve it that way. Yeah, you guessed it, it came out well done and rubbery, but the waiter did warn us that he gets really busy and might disappear to a while in case we don't see him. ?? By the end of the meal, my boyfriend and I were just laughing at all the absurdities throughout the night. We had a good time, but only cause we found humor in what a joke of a place this was.
Really wonderful restaurant with a wide array of local seafood as well as a few other selections such as steak.  The night we were there with customers it was about 45 degrees outside so we opted to sit inside and the staff made it happen.  I understand the outside dining experience is fantastic and hope to come back sometime when it's warmer to see what that's like.  Inside the restaurtant was understandably crowed and noisy, but what can you do when the weather turns bad?
I booked this dinner for my husband's birthday. I figured it would be nice to have a romantic dinner on the beach and I was definitely not disappointed. We got a front row seat for a beautiful sunset. The wine list is great. Our appetizer (a crab cake) was one of the best I've had. The bread was warm, soft, and tasty. This, unfortunately, was as good as it got. My husband ordered the Alaskan Halibut and I ordered the Grouper. Both plates were lacking flavor. We both had to add salt and pepper to them, which we never find ourselves doing at restaurants like this. We did order dessert. You have to on your birthday, after all. They gave us dessert on the house which was a nice touch and the carrot cake was pretty darn good. While the view and the beginning and end of the meal were notable, the entrees were really not worth it.
Best settings on the beach, very happy with what we ordered and service was good. Loving it.
Beautiful setting on the water, but food just OK, and WAY overpriced.  Wouldn't go back.
There is nothing like dining right on the beach.  I love coming here for lunch and have to say I have been here many times, only to have tried two things:  1)  The Famous "Grouper" Sandwich and 2)  the burger.   Both are delicious.   The grilled grouper is really the way to go, though, and is served with a good citrus remoulade.
The best place to eat right on the beach in Naples! There are only a few spots left that are actually on the beach. We live here and we love it! The best Australian lobster tails, (when they have them) fresh local grouper and snapper is always yummy! Great martini's with stuffed olives! If you book weeks in advance, you can eat all dressed up with your feet in the sand! This place is always booked Jan-April for sunset dinners outside! The best sunsets and crowd cheering fun when the sun sets on that water. Great service! You won't be disappointed ever! Just make a reservation a few weeks ahead and bring a big wallet and enjoy!
Keep it on the top of your list when you are in SW Florida.  This is a spot not to be missed.  Friendly, clean and very tasty.  I had the blackened grouper sandwich that was to die for.  Much like Kate G.'s review- this place is worth the many trips and valet parking!  The wife had the club sandwich which was also very good.  For the price, you really get a great value- terrific food, good service and you are about 30 yards from the GULF!  The only thing between you and the water is a couple of sunbathing beauties!  But, you are there for the great food, too!!!  The service is excellent- not perfect, thus the four stars.
After reading all the reviews on here, I really expected more.  It was really just an average restaurant- nothing special about the food or service, but nothing bad either.  Looking back it really struck me that nothing about this restaurant stood out.
Don't let the location of the restaurant fool you. This is the best seafood restaurant in Naples, Fl. The chowder is filled with seafood and the surf and turf is the best. I had the 12 Ib lobster tail and petite fillet and everything was perfect. The chocolate cake is also spectacular. Leave your snobby attitude at home and bring a friend for good food and beautiful sunsets.
The turtle club is always saved for my last night in naples before returning home. Their oysters Rockefeller (turtlefeller) are by far my absolute favorite version I have ever had. You can never go wrong with a filet and lobster tail, or the sea harvest is always a good choice. And the chocolate cake for dessert is a must! Beautiful to sit outside and watch the sunset while having dinner. Also, they have just completely redone the restaurant decor and it looks amazing!!!!
We have dined at the Turtle Club several times. Each time has been a perfect experience and has included different guests whom have dined with us.  The service is wonderful, the food is very well prepared and special requests honored perfectly (vegan friendly).  They have a lovely outside seating area that we always choose to watch the sunset and enjoy the beach atmosphere. We highly recommend for foodies of all types and will continue to dine here.
Very good seafood, and excellent service.  Evening was tarnished by bizarre incident involving the valet, though.  Big, buffoonish guy wasn't happy with the proffered tip--swiped it out of my hand and stomped away.  Very unprofessional.
This place is always a treat and you really can't top beach-side seating. I love to come during brunch or for a sunset dinner. Whenever I have someone new in town this is on the list of places to see. Fish is Florida's finest and the menu usually has something for everyone. I just can't imagine a better place to sit with a good meal and ice tea taking in the beach smells and sounds :)
WE WALKED IN THROUGH A LOVELY, NO BEAUTIFUL COURTYARD; VERY MUCH FLORIDA IN IT'S FLORA. EVEN SOME ORCHIDS. THE 4 OF US FOR LUNCH. OUR SEAT INSIDE WITH A GREAT VIEW OF THE GULF AND BEACH; WITH THE PEOPLE EATING OUTSIDE. WHILE WAITING ANOTHER WAITER CAME AND TOLD US THE SPECIALS FOR LUNCH. THEN OUR WAITER RETURNED AND TOLD US THOSE SPECIALS WERE NO LONGER AVAILABLE. WE CHANGED OUR ORDER. NO BREAD ON THE TABLE. I HAD A CUP OF THE SEAFOOD CHOWDER= OK I. THEN HAD Oak grilled rosemary chicken, mixed greens, roasted peppers, Kalamata olives, feta cheese, red onion & vine ripe tomato tossed in a lemon thyme vinaigrette THE SMALL PIECES OF CHICKEN WERE STALE, DRY; AND TOUGH. 4 TO 5 OLIVES, SPRINKLES OF CHEESE, PINCHES OF ROASTED PEPPERS. STILL NO BREAD. MY WIFE HAD Oak Grilled Beef Tenderloin Carmelized onions & Boursin cheese on a toasted kaiser with sliced dill pickle & crispy fries. SHE WAS NOT ASKED HOW SHE WANTED IT COOKED. IT WAS OVERDONE. THE ONIONS WERE NOT CARMELIZED, JUST RUNNY, AND A PINCH OF BOURSIN CHEESE. STILL NO BREAD. WE WERE NOT ASKED IF WE WANTED DESSERT, ONLY OUR WAITER HAD TO LEAVE TO GO TO ANOTHER RESTAURANT TO WORK.
Overall good experience. The service was good nice waiter. A little pricey, for 4 people who didn't really drink or have dessert it was $230. The stuffed lobster tail was delicious with the vegetable of te day which was cauliflower and asparagus. Our reservation was at 7. We got to sit outside just along the beach however it was too dark to really see anything. Suggestion- if you want to eat here get a reservation in advance for an early seating  like 5 so you can see the beach and the sunset.
This is an amazing spot with tables that sit right on the beach giving you an amazing view throughout the meal. We had a great meal starting with chowder and their appetizer special, stone crab claws. Both were excellent. Our entrees were just as good. I had the filet while my girlfriend had a seas scallops and filet combo which was excellent as well.  Combine the food with a great wine list and amazIng view and you have a top notch spot
The oysters turtle feller and the key lime pie were amazing! Sit outside if at all possible the sunset is gorgeous!
Like most restaurants in this area The Turtle Club caters to the mature crowd. Right on the beach. Free valet parking. Food was great but expensive.
Great ambiance (outside) on the Gulf, food is very good and the wait (during the season) is worth it.  Eaten there about 10 times but I've only eaten sandwiches and salads at lunch with their excellent lobster bisque.  If you are not in a vacation mode when you arrive, you will be when you leave.  Very relaxing and beautiful.
Reservations are useless!!  Made a reservation on Open Table and had a confirmation for 7pm.  When we arrived we were told our table would not be ready for another hour.  This was after a 45 minute drive to get there.  I will not go back.
Great location on the beach .. unfortunately the staff especially the hostesses and the owner Mike.. this restaurant can do without. They have all forgotten or have never known that they are in the service industry and bad attitudes ruin others time.. and any opportunity to build a loyal following. I would never go back ever and i would recommend the same!! Many other great establishments who appreciate good clients.
Great location where you can eat outside on the beach. Food is average. They have a bar. All is good.
Coconut shrimp and lobster bisque was very good. I had grilled salmon Greek salad and I wasn't a fan. The restaurant is right next to the beach which is nice, very casual and relaxing.
A very special place for lunch on the beach Waited about 20 minutes having drinks then got seated service excellent and everyone enjoyed their entrees from fish to chicken my brother-in -law and sister in law can't wait to go back
Beautiful location. I have eaten inside and outside on the patio. The staff is very professional  and food & drinks delivered exsactly as ordered. Blacked salmon atop casear salad made a great lunch! For dinner the oysters to start, filet cooked perfectly and lobster tail - enough to share! Great romantic date or bring the family. You won't be disappointed!
My family and I love this place.  Everytime we come down to Naples the first place we eat for lunch is the turtle club.  The view is one of the best in the area.  The food is really good, I have had everything on the menu.  My favorite is the Pretzel sandwich on pastrami.  The lobster bisque soup is always delicous. Great place to eat for lunch or dinner.
Best waterfront dining.  foods great.  outdoor dining great.  service wonderful.  GO....
We came here to celebrate our 35th wedding anniversary arriving about an half hour before sunset. We had a great table right at the edge of the beach all dry and ready after recent rain shower. My wife had the calamari with wasabi sauce and I enjoyed oysters "Turtlefeller" for appetizers. Both were excellent, so tasty! We had the Gulf Catch of black grouper. Also well prepared and presented. Also very tasty. My wife said the key lime pie was the best she had experienced so far. Service very attentive and friendly.
We went here for my birthday dinner last Nov.  Made reservations and were seated at one of the tables closest to the water.  Beautiful view for sunset!  The outside tables did fill up, so try to make reservations.  Brought our 10 month old, who was pretty well-behaved, but this place wasn't so stuffy that he was not welcome (also helped to be outside).  Food and drinks were excellent.  I'm hoping to go again next month for this year's belated birthday dinner!
Well I heard that getting reservations at the turtle club was a must! I was under the impression the place was nicer than it was. the service was great! The view was Absolutely gorgeous, especially if you are there for sunset! And the food was good, or at least what I had, which was the lobster tail. Other than that, we were glad we didn't go there starving because the menu selection was very very minimal. There were only about 4 appetizers to choose from. All the entrees were most for fish lovers. Chocolate cake for dessert was good. Don't go there if you like options or if you don't like mahi mahi etc. But do go for the view,  good service!
Had a bottle of wine on the beach then dinner at the turtle club.  The lobster bisque was very good as were our main courses.  Sitting out side was great, and the staff was friendly.
The Turtle Club - a bit of an eccentric find. RESERVATION set in advance: 8:45 Saturday night. Anticipating short wait; 20-minutes staring at a meager & sad saltwater aquarium near hostess station. BAR is very tiny, with only about 8 seats; no space for stragglers. FOOD was wonderful, great chef! wine list OK, nothing special; service acceptable. THE BAD: arriving at 8:45, started meal by about 9:30, with dinner completed - including dessert - by 10:30. Finishing wine - at 10:45 the valet came over to table to deposit our keys, telling us that our car is parked in front, locked and ready for our departure. LAST PATRONS: an early night, departing by 11:00 from an empty restaurant. NOT LIKELY TO RETURN. Glad we went, but once was enough. So many other places in Old Naples are better.
Great place to watch a sunset. They pour a very good drink.
The food and service was excellent. But what clinched the fifth star was the patio seating where we watched the sunset. A must-do at this restaurant.
Oysters Turtlefella are a must. Great food. Service was in insistent.
Always a favorite, always good. We make this a ritual stop when in Naples.
I had lunch here for the first time after many suggestions. What a great setting right on the water with sand under your table. The food was great and the service was on time. The only complaint I have is that the tables were a little cheesy. I will definately eat here again.
Stopped in for Saturday lunch.  Delicious food, BEAUTIFUL ocean view on beachfront, only missed 5 stars due to just average service.  Look forward to going back.
The food is amazing and the outdoor seating is one of the best I've ever encountered. I would NEVER come here to eat inside. You must take full advantage of the outdoor seating area (which is rather large considering the restaurant and the hotel is fairly small). Reservations are basically a must, so book early and make sure you request outside. Even if you can't get a reservation until after sunset, make sure to go early, get a drink at the bar and sit outside in their seating area to watch the sunset. Those seats go quickly though, so be prepared to get there before the sun starts to set. Even though the restaurant is usually booked solid, the outside is very romantic. You legitimately eat with the sand between your toes. The only negative about this restaurant is a middle-aged female bartender (I didn't catch her name) who works at the inside bar who is not only snooty, but quite unfriendly and just an all around bad bartender.
Very good food, served over looking the beach. Expensive though. Has children's menu.
I went to the Turtle Club over Labor Day weekend with my girlfriend and while the place is definitely worth a visit for the view, the food was only average.   We ate outside and ended up getting one of the seats closet to the beach.  If you can stand the heat/humidity, you can't beat eating seafood while on the beach and watching the sunset.   Unfortunately, our food was only slightly above average. I started with the seafood chowder.  I had heard good things about the chowder, but it was not nearly as good as some I had on the East Coast earlier in the summer.  For entrees, I had the gulf catch of the day, which was grouper, which was served with some crab meat and bacon potato hash.  My girlfriend had the special, which was halibut, which was served with broccoli rabe, pine nuts, and cherry tomatos.  Although both preparations sounded delicious, the fish, especially her halibut, was overcooked.   I still enjoyed my entree, but we were disappointed that a place that overlooked the ocean would serve overcooked fish.  For dessert, we split a key lime pie.  The pie had a lighter consistency than most of the pies I have tried in Naples, but was still very good. All in all, I would still recommend the Turtle Club primarily because of its great location.  The menu was good and prices, while expensive, were in line with most nicer places in Naples.  Just don't expect the best meal - food wise - of your vacation.
The rave reviews for this place must be exclusively for the view, which is great. The food is no better than average. The bread is straight from Gordon Food Service. The "almond crusted salmon" is a filet of salmon from Costco with a package of slivered almonds poured on top. I asked whether I could sit at one of the outside tables after dinner to enjoy my coffee and the view after dinner. They gave me s*** about having to ask permission from the manager. This on a Monday evening in late August with, I swear, not more than six tables occupied in the whole restaurant, inside and out, after having paid a $130 tab for a mediocre dinner and having left a 25% tip. I will NEVER return to this ridiculously overrated place.
Oysters turtle-feller not to be missed. Crab and shrimp Napoleon was good. Catch of the day was fresh but could have used more seasoning. If ur looking for beach front dining and decent food. Turtle club won't disappoint.
We went for business lunch and it was just right.  The ceviche was very fresh and delicious!  Salmon salad with fruit was also perfect!  Ambiance and being right on the beach is awesome!
Me and my fiancé tried to get reservations there two days in advance...only reservation they had was 9 on the 2nd night and I called at 1030 am...definitely not worth it...go to aqua!
The Turtle Club is one of our favorites. Up until a couple years ago, we would take out-of-town guests there for the sunsets, but the food was mediocre. Happily, the food quality has improved significantly and the menu is quite interesting. Our party of 4 enjoyed a variety of fish dishes last night, including grouper, mahi mahi, swordfish and crab....all of which were excellent. Unfortunately, the service was below par, and we've noticed that to be the case on several visits lately. I don't know if the servers are given too many tables or what the issue is, but this is something management must address. If the service improves, I would give the Turtle Club 5 stars.
We have had lunch twice in January. The loser bisque and the seafood chowder are fantastic. I always have a tough time choosing which on and the waiter suggested combining them with a little Tabasco, I definitely will look forward to trying this. Thee entrée selections are all very good, and I normally get the fish specials. My wife is not fond of seafood, so she usually gets the steak sandwich or salads, which also excellent. The Servers are great and give good advise on the menu selections.
So, like other yelpers have stated, the view here is AMAZING!! It just doesn't get any better than this. However, the food is just okay. It is not comparable to the view. But, the fresh cevechi and calamari are  very good. The calamari is covered in a sweet and sour sauce with wasabi to top it off. The cevechi was a combination of three. The main entrées are small and expensive. My filet was well done when I ordered it medium, the waitress decided to argue with me at first due to the outside lighting, however, once I persisted that it tasted like rubber, she took it back and quickly brought me one that was to my liking. The service was slow and our waitress a little bitchy, but it was very busy, and hey, if she wants to throw most of her tip away acting like that, so be it. Make sure to make reservations way in advance because this place gets booked up around sunset due to the amazing views.
Beautiful scenery.  Had trouble getting outside seating.  Inside seating was crowded because of an overly crowded bar area.  Food was very disappointing in taste and presentation.  My sauteed yellow tail snapper was cooked well but sauce was lacking in quality and quantity.  Vegetables were bland and dry.  House salad that was supposed to be a medley of lettuces and other vegetables was very sparse, 1 small cherry tomato and almost no dressing.  We had to ask for more dressing for both our salads.  Service was pleasant and timely but the extra attention you expect at a restaurant of this supposed quality was not there.  Compared with visits here in past years this place is definitely going down hill.  We probably will not go back for awhile.  3 star rating is because of the nice location.  Food and service rate only a 2 star.
I do not understand all the hype of this restaurant at all. I went there with my mother and her friend and all three of us were disappointed. The food was all subpar. The mahi mahi, a mild fish, was over seasoned. The risotto was overcooked, and the calamari was fine but tasted more like fried chicken fingers. I would say it is a red lobster with a beautiful view. The service was fast but not very personal .  We felt "served" but not "waited on" and at the prices they charge you would expect much more.
The food and service were excellent.  We sat outside in the sand just after sunset and the moon was about half and over the gulf and a stream of light was coming toward us - absolutely magical especially given the temperature and humidity were perfect!!  This is definitely a repeat for us.
In Naples for 4 nights. Ate here the first night and it was so good that we returned the last night. Outdoor seating right on the ocean. It would seem that "crunch time" is somewhat early as folks tend to make reservarions so as to be present at sundown. Too early for us which made it easier to be seated in best area. Outdoor seating divided into patio and beach seating. Beach is actually upon the sand. Can't be beat. Excellent seafood, Had entrees of seafood medley, salmon, scallops and grouper. All excellent. Key lime pie also excellent. Priced according to Naples' standards which isn't cheap but was the best vaue of all. Wine pricing quite good. Will definately return on the next trip to Naples.
We made a reservation, requested outside and they said they had nothing until 8.45 pm on a Saturday. So we took a table inside at 7.30 instead. Dining room inside has low ceilings and it's dark! Outside on the terrace and beach there were 12 empty tables when we were seated -- and they were never filled during the hour and a half we were eating! How come we couldn't have been seated outside? Food was so-so, nothing special, especially given the high prices. Way better restaurants at same price with sunset view in Naples.
I loved this restaurant. We ate inside and I enjoyed the atmosphere. Kind of old fashioned in a good way. My grouper was delicious! Hubby had surf and turf perfectly cooked. Loved the key lime pie. We caught a server on her first day and an error was made by bringing our food before our appetizer or salad. But that was quickly corrected and no big deal. Everybody has a first day. All in all, I hope I get a chance to go back. Yum.
good food. Valet park at your own risk.
My fish was dried out (as if it sat under the warming lights);  berry tart was very cold in the middle and came out 5-10 min after the other desserts at our table; and the jasmine rice was a bit crunchy for my taste. Expect more from a high end seafood restaurant.
