Exceptional! Dinner for five was the highlight of our vacation! Beginning to end, one of the greatest meals we've had! Our server, Kiira, was attentive and cheerful throughout the evening. Appetizers of lobster potstickers, butterfish lettuce wraps and Szechuan ribs were excellent (ribs were fall off the bone tender, with a smoky spicy flavor that set the tone for the dinner ahead). My herb crusted halibut was the single greatest piece of fish I've ever had. My sons trio was equally good, as was my daughters butter poached lobster. Everything well seasoned, perfectly prepared, and totally satisfying! Chef Jason visited our table, allowing my family to meet and share laughs with this culinary genius! Two chocolate soufflés for dessert were heavenly- with a raspberry coulis and ice cream. A perfectly sweet ending to a perfect dining experience! I've never given 5 stars to any restaurant, and gladly do so for Roy's! We can't wait to come back!
My friends and I came to Florida looking for stone crabs - didn't get any; just missed the season, darn :( Instead, we discovered something better...Roy's misoyaki butterfish! This was better than finding money in your pocket. It was OMG delicious and is comparable to my fave butterfish dish back home in Mass (shout out to Blue Ginger). Dinner at Roy's is definitely $$$ but so worth it. My recommendations: * Apps: szechuan spiced pork ribs, ahi poke tartare * Entree: butterfish (obv) or the Roy's Trio (salmon, butterfish, and mahi mahi) if you like variety * Dessert: pineapple upside down cake with toasted coconut ice cream, chocolate soufflé FAQs: - can't decide b/t two entrees? they let my friend combine two into one! - good for groups? yep, and they're happy to separate a large check by individual - special occasion? they'll treat you like VIP! We were celebrating our two friends' recent MBA grads and they printed special announcements and pre-inserted them into each of our menus, provided two desserts on the house, and two printed photographs of our group! Overall, my friends and I had a memorable dining experience and will definitely return the next time we're in Bonita Springs. Just wish there was a Roy's in New England...
The Roys of yesteryear it is no longer.  Unfortunately, the last few visits have had the abscense of both flair and culinary precision stripped by going big franchise and, what I would suspect is, value engineered ingredients. While the dishes are creative and different for the area it's not the level of quality I feel that it once had. In all, it's a fair meal but not as crisp as it was in the past in both food and service.  As a local it brings me a little sadness.  Hopefully, with the renovation of the plaza there will be an uptick and resurgence in effort.
Second worst location we have visited...lucky for them, Naples is close enough to distract how bad they are.  Everything we ordered tasted like it came from a Costco.  When we spoke to the manager, who was wearing her sunglasses on her head, she said "Well, did you order from the Aloha Hour menu?"  Oops, our bad.  Didn't realize that was code for "Crap Menu".  Dammit, Roy's...we love you so much...why can't you figure out some consistency?!?!
Check out Roy's. It a nice place and a nice vibe. Seafood is great, so is the service. Hard to believe it's a chain. Everyone is friendly and fish is much fresher/better/high quality than their competitors.
Fantastic dinner. I loved my Yaki-Butterfish. Mom really enjoyed the whole snapper. They treated my girls like princesses, and the kids menu items they ordered (sushi roll and pasta) were excellent. Outstanding service. Dad was a little miffed that they don't bring bread out unless you ask for it...
Always enjoy a trip to Roy's... the service is excellent and the menu is always interesting... We tried the veggie spring rolls for the first time and they were rather thin with very little content. The pastry was chewy and overcooked... we sent it back and had the Maui Wowie Salad, which was delicious... The Ebi Roll was particularly good this visit as was the TNT Corvina - one of my favorites!
The whole meal was excellent, but there were two shining stars for me last night: the tuna poke app and the carrot cake. Amazing!
Great service and great food. You guys always do a great job. Glad to bring my mom and step dad to enjoy. Butterfish always rocks. Waiter was on point. Thanks guys.
I remember my friend telling me about this place. Finally got to try it out when I was down in Florida for a conference. This is a solid Hawaiian fusion restaurant. The service was friendly and the food was spectacular. All the locals even recommended this restaurant. Solid recommendation. Since they have an extensive menu, make it simple by ordering the Roy's Trio as your entree. Hibachi Salmon, Macadamia Nut Mahi Mahi & Misoyaki Butterfish Baby Bok Choy & Steamed Rice Everything was perfect about it. All the fishes were cooked perfectly and so flavorful. I think my favorite was the Mahi Mahi but I really enjoyed all 3 cuts of fish. It's more of a sampler of the fishes, since they don't give you big servings of any of them. For dessert i tried the Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Soufflé Belgian Chocolate, Raspberry Coulis, Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. OMG it was so rich, it was too much. It's definitely better to share which I did with another coworker. However it may be too rich for some people so be forewarned.
Excellent food and excellent service. Everyone should go there.
In order to close out our fantastic family celebration weekend - we decided to do it up right, and go out for a fancy dinner. Now, given that we were towing two little ones with us, we had to make sure that the restaurant was kiddie friendly. We settled on Roys and went for dinner on Sunday evening around 6:00pm. We were seated promptly by our hostess and within MINUTES our server had brought out a small cheese quesadilla accompanied by sliced apples and carrots for my 4 year old niece. Now, I have eaten all over the world and I have NEVER seen this before. This allowed her parents to take their time and enjoy their drinks without their daughter succumbing to a hangry fit. We had some cocktails (all delicious - if you trend towards the sweeter fruity drinks) and appetizers to start. The lobster dumplings were OUTSTANDING! They were crispy on the outside and lush on the inside with a stellar dipping sauce. Bob and I ordered the ribeye and the scallops. The food was excellent! I have a pretty high bar when it comes to scallops since they can be messed up pretty easily - but these were perfect. A nice sear on the outside and perfectly done on the inside. The ribeye was also fabulous, it was perfectly medium-rare the whole way through (sous vide, anyone?). And the dessert, MY GOD THE DESSERT! Do yourself a favor and the minute you arrive at this restaurant say that you want the pineapple upside down cake. Don't look at the dessert menu - it is not even worth it. You can message me a note of thanks once you do this. The cake comes piping hot out of the oven to your table with a side of coconut ice cream and fresh fruit. I am a sucker for any kind of warm cake/ice cream combo, so it was not hard to sell me on getting this for dessert... but it was really wonderful! It had fresh pineapple (not that canned business), was not overly sweet, but still had the crunchy caramelized crust on the outside. YUM! It is literally the reason that I am not fitting into my dress pants now that I have returned to reality and Minnesota. Overall, our service was excellent, the ambiance beautiful and the food outstanding. And as a major bonus, you get all of that from a place that caters for children too! If you happen to be down in FL, make sure you stop in to Roys for a nice dinner. After you eat here, you will find any reason to celebrate, just so you can go back!
I'm pretty sure they will not let you in here if you're not over 60 and wearing a hawaiian shirt. This is what you get because you're in Naples! If you're reading this review I bet you're visiting your grandparents or you've just figured out this interwebs thing. Nice work, Gramps! :) All kidding aside this is a great restaurant in Bonita Springs. Classy interior with dressed up staff, but laid back retiree patrons. Plan on dropping about $100-$120 for a nice meal for two. Onto the food. The lobster dim sum appetizer is a must order! The lobster was tender and the sauce was just outstanding. Pretty small for $12, the quality is worth it. The house green salad was enough for two and a great deal at $7. I had the shellfish combo which came with a half lobster tail, shrimp, and scallops. The lobster was awesome like in the app. The sauce again was the star on the plate. It made the scallops even better. This would be a five star review if the shrimp weren't overcooked like they were in my and my date's dish. Pretty much was the only downer. I don't like how they give you the dessert menu before eating as some of the desserts take 20 minutes. I guess they're used to time-conscious old people. Not sure what they're rushing towards... Next time I'm back in Naples I might check this place out again. Lots of good restaurants here, so we'll see.
Unfortunately this Roy's is not as good as the one in Chicago. They have less sushi, and the pre-fixe is not as robust in options. It's possible this Roy's caters to more of the Tourist + Retiree community, but if you are a 'foodie' looking for a top-notch dining experience, I would look elsewhere.
The only thing keeping it away from 5 stars is what I believe to be a better location not far away in Naples. The Bonita Springs location seems to have less character but certainly the same great food. On this visit I tried the Wood Grilled Szechwan Spiced Baby Back Pork Ribs which were amazing followed by the Baby Arugula and Mixed Greens Tomato Stack -- awesome! Roy's Classic Roasted Macadamia Nut Crusted Mahimahi was a fantastic choice for an entree and for dessert the Melting Hot Chocolate Soufflé was wonderful.
fantastic service, and tasty tasty food. The wings were awesome, as were the potstickers and the shrimp salad also good. We had drinks at the bar after our dinner, and the were....strong?  Yeah, strong. Vodka shaken with orange.
A hidden gem inside Bonita Bay! 4 of us came here for dinner on Fri; it's a pretty fancy restaurant, most people dressed up for their visit and was a busy night. We shared 3 appetizers - ahi tuna, lobster potstickers and ribs. All very tasty. My husband ordered the corn and lobster soup that was really yummy too. For entrees, I had the mahi mahi which was so juicy inside that I was squirted a few times as I cut into the piece, the lobster sauce was a perfect compliment; my husband had the TNT which was soooo good, smooth and unique. Our friends had the short ribs and trio. I took a bite of shortribs and it was tender. I liked the trio too since you get to sample all three if you are ever undecided. We all shared the chocolate souffle which was a good size for 4 of us. The minute we dug our forks in, the chocolate gushed out.... It was heavenly!
A real ray of hope in an urban spoiled landscape full of retirees. We knew Roy's already from California and were so happy to find the same aesthetic ambiance and perfect food here. We took our favorites Ebi Rolls ($20), Shrimp Entree ($25), Roys Trio ($34), Hibachi Style Salmon ($26), Chardonnay ($32) and all was great, service really amiable.
Roy's is fun, though a bit trapped in the '90s. Asian fusion feels a bit hokey in 2012, though I concede hokey or not, good food is good food. Service was abysmal, though earnest and friendly. Our waitress had difficulties with our wine--cork in the glass, taking our order, and deciphering the ingredients of an americano. For the price, the food is somewhat uninspired and oddly unrefined. Individual plates and dishes do stand out--a tasty lobster potsticker was an appetizer highlight while a whole fried snapper was a hit on the entrees. Many dishes had too much sauce standing in the way of enjoying the fish itself. One nice touch was the "lobster essence" accompanying the Mahi Mahi, but the buttery quality all but cancelled out any macadamia nut that was supposedly crusting the fish. Amazingly, it was desert where Roy's really shined: chocolate soufflé, pineapple upside down cake, and a mango cobbler were all, in their own ways, sinfully good. The chocolate soufflé might have been our least favourite but only because it felt good, but not visionary. The pineapple upside down cake and cobbler both were filled with fresh fruit and paired nicely with Roy's cuisine. The pineapple upside down cake was rich and buttery, with a tasty sugary finish. A hint of rum sealed the deal. Next time, I'd skip entrees and head for deserts. Or, better yet, catch a half price glass of wine and potstickers during happy hour.
Probably the best fish I ever had. Got the TNT. Was supposed to be spicy but I didn't think so. It was really good though. Will be back
Last night, we dined at Roy's, Bonita Springs. Our reservation was for 8:15, we arrived a bit early, at about 8:00, and were left a little cold by the hostess, although in fairness the bar was packed and we *were* early. There were a couple of chairs by the entrance door, where we sat and perused the wine list that someone had set on one of them. Would have been nice to be handed a menu to begin thinking about our meal, but c'est la vie. Once seated, though, things got much better. We were in kind of a bummer table -- right by the door between two dining areas, but since the door was propped open on our side, it was sort of like having a corner table, rather than being right in traffic. Our waiter was attentive but not invasive, answered questions about the menu and a wine pairing for my entrée well and thoroughly, and service was generally good throughout the meal. We both opted for the prix fixe menu; I had a 5-spice duck leg app, mahi-mahi for an entrée (the waiter recommended a sauvignon blanc to pair with it, which is how I was leaning anyhow -- but figuring that "he knows the menu better than I," it was nice to have a recommendation), and chocolate souffle for dessert. My wife had the same, but with a poached pear and goat cheese salad. Her salad was... well, salad. There's really not much to be said; you can screw up salad, but it's hard to make it remarkable. My duck was moist and tasty, well-spiced but not overly so. There was a small pile of sauteed aromatics (onions and mild garlic cloves) and mushrooms with it, which complimented the meat nicely. The mahi-mahi was cooked well -- enough to be thoroughly cooked, but not dried out. It was served on a "cous cous" of cauliflower and roasted red pepper, which was creative and tasty. The souffle... mmm.  Yummy. Firm chocolate shell, molten interior, with a raspberry sauce and vanilla ice cream on the side. Decadant. Save room for it! My one service gripe was the table layout -- they use some non-standard shape/sized dishes for items (like my wife's salad), but the silverware layout was designed for a standard plate. We received no warning to move our silverware, nor was it moved for us, when the odd-sized plates arrived, resulting in us having to dig out the forks and knives from under the plate. Weird, but not horrible. The meal for the two of us, with a glass of wine and tip, came to just over $100; not bad for a three-course meal with such a great dessert.
Used to go there all the time a few years ago and loved the place, so we decided to go back the other day. They must have made some changes since then. The food was disappointing. Butterfish had way too much sauce which was to heavy; vegetarian tofu was awful, two big pieces that looked like rubber; the sushi rolls must have been sitting around for a while, seaweed was all soggy. For the price they charge one would expect better and fresher quality. Attentive service in the beginning, then they started to rush us. Looked like they wanted to close and go home :(.
Service as well as quality of food outstanding! Every time!
Genre for rating: upscale casual Roy's Hawaiian fusion never disappoints.  The rich, buttery island aromas overwhelm your senses as you walk in, and they do not disappoint. This Roy's seems more comfortable and relaxing than others I have been to.  This is the only establishment in the Promenade that continues to do well, so I hope it stays..If you have never been, Hawaiian fusion may sound odd, but it works.  Blends the tastes of Hawaii with traditional seafood fare, Asia, and the U.S. What I have:  macadamia encrusted mahi, seafood sampler, or the whole snapper Tip:  the summer pick. 3 menu looks great, I plan on going. Best bet:  when you just feel like something different, preferably seafood, but it's not a must.
Roy's delivers 5 stars at every location in the country. Simply amazing food and service everytime.
Outstanding in all regards.  Server was very knowledgable about the menu and was attentive without becoming a nuisance.  Well worth the trip.
I rated this well based on food quality. However, the serving sizes are minute. We were a party of four and dropped $350 for dinner and tip. My dinner came with three very small fish portions. My wife's came with half a lobster tail and a tiny crab cake. What we got was excellent but for these prices I would have thought the serving size could have been a little more generous. Dessert on the other hand was ample. My wife and I split the pineapple upside down cake and it was plenty. Service was impeccable. Drinks were very good but I felt they were a little sweet for my taste. Wine selection is ample.
Inconsistent but generally good food and really good service. Like the prix fixe menu on Mondays and the molten chocolate cake desert is fantastic.
Absolutely the best restaurant!! Quality food with amazing service in a relaxing atmosphere! The waiter, Jason, was on point and very attentive. It was our anniversary dinner and Roy's made it a night to remember!
Amazing! One of our favorites. Interior is a little dark early in the evening, but they have a lovely outdoor patio. Food is incredible- seasonings just a bit surprising and delicious- wonderful service- in short, don't miss it!
Delicious food, great atmosphere, and a really nice wine list.  Make sure you make reservations though.
So yes, it has been a while since the duo sat at Roy's ... it was back in mid January when the duo partook in the action down in in Florida.  We certainly did enjoy it and will probably go back again soon enough ... I'd just say that it is a bit pricey.  I have no problem paying up for a great meal .. but I don't know ... it is a chain after all ....
One of the best meals my wife and I have ever had!  We made a reservation for a Saturday night the day before.  We arrived a little early and had a drink at the bar, and the tuna appetizer.  For dinner, we each had a fish special, and both looked amazing as well as tasting fantastic.  My wife's fish was 'TNT' which had a kick, but still a lot of flavor... They also brought us cake for our anniversary and a special card in our menu which were great touches.  All the staff was great.  Even though it was a busy night, we never felt rushed, and they let us enjoy the evening at our pace.
OK, so I have to admit that I really like Roy's. They nearly do everything right- from food to service to drinks, particularly at this location.  The butterfish is my all time favorite and I really can't get myself to try anything else because it is so darn good.  However, how is it that this dish is now in the $30 range?  This is my only complaint, so now go there not as often as I would like when in Florida; but when I do, I am never disappointed... except when the bill comes.
The food here is spectacular. The arugula and mixed green salad, Roy's Trio and the molten chocolate souffle are all you need. The service was a little cloying in the name of trying to be helpful, even though we mentioned we had be frequent visitors.
Impeccable service, great food, and an upscale/classy, yet relaxed atmosphere. I had their seared ahi, it was amazing. The thickness of the strips of ahi really impressed me, and the fact that the dish filled me up surprised me, as well. We came here for my grandmother's 90th birthday, and they definitely treated us specially. After dinner, they brought us two complimentary deserts, the chocolate cake, as well as a peach cobbler. Both were amazing, and had great textures and flavors. Roy's is definitely a splurge, and I look forward to my next special visit.
4 of us had dinner last night at Roy's Bonita, dinner and service were great. My surf and turf came with a lobster tail that was over cooked but still decent. Chocolate soufflé was incredible. Will be back
Every time we come here it never disappoints. The service is always great and the seafood is always fresh and delicious. Their Monday price fixed menu can't be missed. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
This Roy's is one of the best. Really fine food. Service is good even when busy.
This is our upscale spot.  We like everything about it, especially the staff.  Regular diners, we also attend many of their special events.  Try it you'll like it.
The Misoyaki Butterfish and Chocolate Soufflé are my idea of heaven.  A family favorite and a great place for special occasions.
Back again! Always fearful the second time around to a place that I gave a great review to before. Well not anymore. YEAH! Great prix fixe menu! Awesome wines by the glass menu. Which i would highly recommend for those who can't make up their minds with tooooo many to choose from. Wonderful and attentive service, even during the busy valentines day! Food prepared exactly to order as requested!  Special dessert was made for my other half as he is allergic to some components.
Husband and I went on a weekend getaway and the hotel we stayed at gave us a dining credit. We went on the first night and were impressed with the aloha hour of $5 apps and drinks. The bartender Chris was spectacular. Warm and friendly. We then moved to have dinner at the pastry counter where we had the opportunity to meet the General manager and the Executive Chef. We fell in love with both of them. They treated us so kindly, and the food that Chef put out was incredible. The plating was magnificent and the food tasted as good as it looked. We ended up having dinner there again the next night.
The food was just ok. Maybe it was the stuff we ordered. The appetizer was good, but the main entrees were nothing to rave about, especially, the macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi. It was bland and the fish was overcooked and thus hard.
I've never had a bad meal at Roy's. The menu, food and service are first class!
We celebrated a birthday here and had a excellent meal!!! For an appetizer we had one of the chef's specials- Poke (a cold ahi tuna salad served with a crispy cracker). We even got to watch it prepared right in front of us while we sat at the kitchen bar. What a clean kitchen and composed group of chefs! For entrees we had the salmon, butterfish and the blacked ahi tuna. Again, all were excellent just wish the Salmon had the rice served with the dish and not plain white rice on the side. We could have licked the plates when we were done, the sauces served with the butterfish and tuna were delicious! For dessert, of course the famous chocolate soufflé (again, could have licked this plate clean as well)!!! Don't forget to order it with your entree as it takes some time to prepare. Whether you have room in your belly or not, you have to try this dessert!!! As an extra special bonus, our soufflé was free for our birthday girl with us. Thank you Roy's for a great birthday celebration! ...Excellent!!
We had 27 people for dinner, many had dined before, there was not one negative word.  The service , food and the whole staff was incredible.  It is the place to dine for sure
Just went to their Aloha hour (happy hour).  Everything at the bar is $5.  That's drinks and food.  Started with shrimp tempura roll that was fresh and accompanied by a delicious wasabi based sauce and sliced fresh ginger.  Not too hot but just enough.  We followed that with the Wagu beef sliders.  2 sliders with a nice handful of sweet potato fries.  Delicious.  Perfect for sharing with another person.  We ended with the pot slickers and mahi mahi tacos.  Both were excellent and came 3 to a plate.  All portions were a nice size allowing us to sample many items.  We like the atmosphere and the entire staff was very pleasant.  If the food in the restaurant is as good as the bar I will give it a five star for sure.
