We recently moved only a block away, so we have been to the restaurant four or five times in the last two weeks, and we're, in fact, excited about it.  Tostadas, tacos, burritos, all well above average. I'm from SoCal, and love good Mexican food.   Prices are reasonable, aguas are great. Our first visit was a late lunch, and service with an older mamacita was fine.  But here's the rub; service at night is atrocious.  The owner unfortunately doesn't seem to understand front of business processes and efficiency very well, even if food standards are high.  Waitress was worse still. Kitchen apparently works on one order at a time only.  Its one thing to be patient in a small place with tables occupied, but another when the rush is just handled incompetently.  15 mins for a to go box, and 40 mins to get the check is just unreasonable.  If you have 1-1/2 to 2 hours for dinner, with a good book or engaging partner, its great.  We saw a lot of impatient looking diners, and a lot of apologies from staff.   I really hope they can work on improving this, since I would be a regular if my patience holds up!!
This is possibly my favorite spot in Naples. The food is delicious. The atmosphere is laid back and the staff is super friendly. You see, I'm from California and Mexican food in Naples just isn't the same. So when I found this spot it felt like a goldmine. The first time I dined at the place I ordered a special. Chicken mole. It was amazing. And the portion was huge! The second time I dined here I had the chipotle shrimp. The third time, I had the chipotle shrimp. When I go back I'll probably have the chipotle shrimp, but everything is sooo good. Did I mention their homemade hot sauces? Delicious.
So grateful my hubs and I found this place, thanks to the other reviews! It is right behind the Kwik-Pik and cannot be seen by the street. The outdoor area is actually really cute with all the flowers they have as decor. It looks like an outdoor cafe. Indoors it is a quaint establishment with 9-10 tables and 5 stools on their counter area. Service: very friendly and bi-lingual! Food: All around tasty and as close to authentic as I have had in a long time. We had 4 tacos (pastor, shredded beef, carne asada and chicharron) and 2 gorditas (lengua and barbacoa). Everything had excellent flavor. My only complaint is that the gorditas were slightly on the greasy side. Drinks: my hubs had a coke, so nothing special there. I ordered the horchata. Drinks are served in very large glasses which is awesome. My horchata was good. Tasted fresh and well prepared. Dessert: Churros con cajeta was our choice. Covered in cinnamon sugar, drizzled with "cajeta" (which is like dulce de leche) and served with whipped cream and chocolate syrup. A very nice, sweet ending to a savory and spicy meal (only because we requested hot sauce with our tacos). All of that was less than $27. A very inexpensive but very satisfying meal! Overall, really enjoyed this place, would give it 4.5 stars if I could.
Came here with a party of six. I had the mixed fajitas with shrimp and chicken. The fajitas came with rice and beans. Everything was cooked perfectly. Other great dishes in my party were the chipotle cream shrimp, the lemon sauced shrimp, and the pineapple pork tacos. Nothing I would change here. Our server and the owner/manager of the restaurant were extremely friendly and we had great service. The restaurant was clean and our food came out quickly despite the restaurant being busy. Highly recommended. It's a little hard to find because it's located behind a plaza. Make sure you take your time to look for it, it's completely worth it.
This was our second of what will be multiple visits.  Our daughter first found Salsa Brava for us ( via Yelp) and we were sold . This time my husband and I had both the tomatillo and the red salsa with the chips, shrimp fajitas, and margaritas. All were perfectly prepared and served. The margaritas are monstrous, the red salsa was wonderful, and the shrimp fajitas were full of shrimp, onions, and peppers done to perfection AND they far out-measured the rice and beans, not the reverse which you often find. We ate in the courtyard area surrounded by much greenery, a pleasant setting. Our server was very helpful and attentive. The location is the only down side, and that may change for the better from what we hear.
We were recommended this place for fine authentic Mexican food- which we indeed received. First , the location really isn't that nice. That's my only controversial point because it's not only hidden but extremely little and doesn't create a superb ambience. BUT - the service is friendly and the food is so good. I would recommend this restaurant everybody who wants to go for authentic Mexican kitchen but doesn't attach great importance to a high class location :)
My family and I had lunch here for my stepson's birthday.  They serve Pepsi products, so I tried the Sandia watermelon drink.  It was unusual, but very good.  The taste was definitely fresh watermelon.  We had chips and green chili salsa for an appetizer.  It was mildly spicy and very good.  I ordered the beef enchiladas with rice, refried beans and salad.  The dinner came out within 15 to 20 minutes, which was about what I expected.  There were three enchiladas which were very tasty, but the tops were slightly burned.  It didn't affect the taste much, but the dish looked less attractive than I expected.  The rice was excellent, and the beans were pretty good, but the portion of beans was very small.  The salad consisted of lettuce, tomatoes and red onions.  The elements were very fresh, but the salad was very small and was not dressed.  This restaurant needs to serve larger salads and to serve them before the entree.  Also, failing to dress the salad is a sin.  My wife ordered chicken tamales.  She received three tamales, which she said were very good, together with beans and rice.  She was disappointed that she got no salad.  My stepdaughter got three chicken tacos, which she said were very good.  My stepson ordered a pork chimichanga, which was tasty.  My mother-in-law ordered chicken milanesa, a dish that she frequently prepares.  She said that it was overcooked, but it tasted good enough that she took her leftovers home with her.  For dessert, my stepdaughter ordered fried ice cream, which she loved.  My mother-in-law ordered sopapillas, which she liked very much.  We were very disappointed that this restaurant had no flan-almost unforgivable in a Mexican restaurant.  The said that they were out, but that they would have it next weekend. The dining area was very small with 8 or 9 small tables.  Even with small tables, the dining room felt cramped and crowded.  For this reason and the shortcomings noted above, I felt that this restaurant really merited 3.5 stars, which I rounded up to 4.  The owner/chef and the server were very friendly and attentive to our needs
The only reason this place does not get five stars is because of the size of the actual restaurant. Granted it is a hole in the wall, but this place gets crazy packed. They need to expand :) Menu says they now offer delivery so I'll be a regular for sure. The carne asada was great, large portions of food. The chips and tomatillo sauce at the table were delicious and freshly made.
So I was looking for a good Mexican restaurant to try while on vacation. I saw all the reviews and decided to give it a try with my husband and his mother. Bad bad bad choice!!! This place is tiny, stuffy and hot. Also, there were bugs crawling on the table. Ewwwww!!! You think I would have left then? Nope... My stupidity and hunger got the best of me. Oh and by the way, there was work being done on the roof. So it was like bang bang bang and then quiet and then the cycle would repeat. I know we should have left. (The one time I didn't listen to my hubby!) So let's go over the food. The chips were ok and the salsa was different, not your traditional chunky style. It was like a salsa verde, not my thing. My husband at least liked it. My husband and his mom ordered tacos. They had beef and el pastor. They said they were pretty good, but nothing special. I ordered the enchiladas, which came with rice and beans. This is were it really went downhill for me. The enchiladas with shredded beef were bland and tasted like boiled beef. Even the red sauce did not taste like anything. The rice was just rice nothing special, something I can cook at home. Oh and the refried beans... I don't know if I can even call them that. It was more like soup, very thin, runny and bland. I felt like I could stick a straw in them and suck it up! It got to the point were I lost my appetite and was burning up. So I excused myself and went to my air conditioned car. My hubby and his mom followed shortly after. All in all, I had a bad experience and would never come back again. At least everyone agrees with me on this one. I just don't see what all the rave is about this place. Oh and double check your bill. They charged us for stuff we did not order!
Pretty good food all around. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and a taco al pastor. Both were good, nothing outrageously great, but pretty solid. The quesadilla had less cheese and more shredded chicken (instead of grilled) which made it better than most. The fajitas looked and smelled great, I'll order those next time.
We always stay away from the chain restaurants when on vacation.  Found this wonderful place on restaurant.com. The food and service were excellent.  I had the tampiquena and my husband had a shrimp dish in a spicy tomato/onion/cilantro broth. my thin-cut skirt steak was tender and delicious and of course i sampled my husband's entrée as well. Can't wait to go back to try other menu items. hard to find but so worth it!
Loved every thing about the place.  Small, hard to find, family owned and operated. The food and service were great. We were recommended to try to ala carte taco's, great choice. We shared the mix fajita's also great!  They only complaint. We ordered margarita's, hoping they would be fresh, but an old mix was used.
Is The Best mexican food I ever try in Naples, The fajitas, to die for, guac is great and Good margaritas mmmm, little hiden  but is worth it.
While staying at the Waldorf Astoria I really wanted to find a authentic Mexican restaurant. You should stop reading my review right now, get in your car , and thank me after. Your more than welcome. This place is hidden in the back of a strip mall but it is more than worth the trouble of looking for it. Food and drinks are amazing.
Best authentic tacos in town!!!  Since we found this gem we've eaten here on average two nights a week, honest.  After reading the reviews of others, I am convinced these are isolated incidents or from a long time ago.  Yes, it's small but always clean and quiet with great service and even better food.  You will fall in love with salsa brava, and always order on corn tortillas!!!
Hidden gem!! This great little place is tucked away in the very back of a little strip mall and hidden from view from the traffic on Tamiami Trail. The owner Jose came to our table and took a personal interest in our order and our opinions of the food. He also brought us some wonderful samples of unusual beverages that they offer; a tea brewed from the hibiscus flower and a rice based drink. Both of them delicious. We ordered flautas and chimichangas and the quality of ingredients and flavor of both was fantastic! The guacamole and fresh salsa is delicious and the hot sauces are great. You must order the churros, they are made fresh and served hot and crispy with caramel and whipped cream. Wow!
I enjoy this place. The homemade margaritas, salsa, and dishes. It's a small place and very casual, but the food is worth it. It's not near us at all, but when we're in the area we go try it.
Hands down the best tacos in town and at a ridiculously good price. $2 carne asada tacos with unlimited chips?! Stop being over charged for mediocre Mexican food. Try Salsa Brava!
Easily the best Mexican in town. The nachos are hot, fresh and just always good! I love the tacos, always good and everything on the menu is authentic. True Mexican food. But my go to is the super nachos, all the goodness is one meal. Sorry for a half assed review but this place IS THE BEST MEXICAN IN TOWN!! Bar none.
What a great surprise!  While located just off 41, you have to look for it.  The restaurant is small and was very busy, however the service is great and the food was authentic and excellent!   They made everything fresh including the sangria. I highly recommend!
Not sure why so many great reviews. I would give this place 1 star for the location and maybe 3-4 stars max for food. The location and parking are pretty terrible, the place is under some kind of construction so there's a Porto potty on the corner of the street and a dumpster taking some parking spots. The place is small, hot (must have been 74-76 degrees in there), and the bar is pretty much on top of you. Big screen TV with Fútbol playing (not my thing but maybe you might like it). The menus were so jacked up with stains and held together with tape (pictured). We were honestly about to walk out but we had already been seated and ordered soda, so we decided to order some nachos and proceed or retreat from there. The server was super nice, greeted us and seated us quickly and worked pretty fast but he was the only server on so he couldn't really get to us very quickly during service. He was working the bar, carryout orders, and all diners inside (about 6 tables). He also couldn't keep up with cleaning duties because he was also bussing tables, so the place wasn't very clean. He was even observed breaking a bottle outside by mistake but never picked it up. The food itself wasn't bad. Free soda refills (big, plastic cups which showed a lot of signs of wear). We were served complimentary chips and salsa, which was green, watery salsa for those who are curious - and they were really good. The chips were fried quite nicely with a little tiny tiny burnt edges on some and crispy, yet didn't feel dry and lifeless. We got the super nachos with pork which seemed pretty fresh, but my wife felt it didn't have much flavor. I don't necessarily agree, but she has to be right, right fellas? I got the tostadas and my wife got the chicken fajitas (and good thing too because they ran out of chicken right after her order) and they were pretty good. Unfortunately, my wife's fajitas were supposed to come with lettuce and cheese but the server must have forgotten them. He was far too busy to ask him about it so we just kept on eating. So in all, not bad food but the place makes it really unbearable. Can't see myself giving this place more than 3 stars, and I'm obviously not feeling that generous right now.
Wow! Homemade tortillas! I thought I was back home in West Texas! Fresh, made to order Guacamole and homemade tortilla chips. We were very very impressed!
Good food, terrible service. Seemed overwhelmed on a moderately crowded night. They have the potential, but still need some work.
The best Authentic Mexican food in town, everything is very simple and fresh. Start off with the picodegallo or guacamole then get all of the tacos. Tinga tacos are marinated in chipotle sauce, one of my favorites! Yet to find better tacos.
Food was ok but they were really understaffed . We waited a long time for everything. There were only 6 tables or so. It was just tacos and chimichangas for us 4.Too much cheese in the chimi. Guacamole was good.
This was very authentic Mexican food.  The fajitas have great flavor.  The owner came out and met the guests and he was very friendly.  Our server was great, food came out hot and drinks were always filled.  They have a little outdoor seating that we will try next time when it is a bit cooler.  Will definitely come back here.
The most authentic and delicious Mexican Food in Southwest a Florida!  Luis was an outstanding host and server!   Delicious Pico de Gallo and Guacamole!   Outstanding entrees!!
I am obsessed with Mexican Food. I mean, how can you go wrong with Mexican?! You can if you go to Salsa Brava. This was not just my opinion but my entire group of seven felt the same way. It was hard to find, which usually means it should be good. I am usually a fan of hole-in-the-wall places, but this was not REALLY hole-in-the-wall. It was just inconveniently hidden at the end of a strip mall. It was also too small for our group of seven to fit properly around a table. The pepsi products must have been made differently because whatever sweetener was in them was not good and left a bad aftertaste in my mouth. The only positive thing I can say is that the chips were some of the best chips I have had anywhere; however, the "salsa" is not what you expect. It is green chili salsa served in cups that were too small to dip your chips into. We ordered queso and pico de gallo. The pico was okay but the queso was GROSS. It was basically a cup of melted Velvita. How is that "authentic mexican"? I ordered the enchiladas because they looked so delicious on the menu. WRONG. The menu said choice of chicken, beef, or steak. I picked beef thinking it would be ground but to my surprise it was like pulled beef (similar to pulled pork). It was not only not good. It was so bad that I had to cover it in green chili salsa just to choke it down. Don't even get me started on the beans. They were like water. Runny, nasty beans. Ew. The quesadilla was okay, but just didn't have much to it. My sister was craving a hamburger so she ordered one off the kids meal. I know, who goes to a Mexican restaurant and orders a hamburger. But it was probably the best choice out of all the meals and it was dry. I hate writing bad reviews and I am not one to rant about a bad meal but this was one of the worst meals I have had in a long time. I just hope this review will save some poor unsuspecting, mexican-craving soul from future disappointment.
Definitely a fan! The owner is the sweetest man, and the food lives up to all expection. You must get the guacamole, it is superb! Downsides: it is small, and there are only a few employees working, so the wait time may be more than you are used to. However, if you go in with the mindset that you're not in an assembly line at Chipotle getting your food in 30 seconds, and you will in fact be getting fresh, delicious food... you will walk away plesantly surpised.
Great tacos! Steak are the best ones! Disappointing salsa. Homemade tortillas and chips. Good service. Tiny place but fresh ingredients! Fajitas come without sour cream/cheese/etc, must order separate. Free mints!
We are not from around here but we discovered this restaurant from Yelp when searching for authentic Mexican food. It is small and quaint and the waitstaff are very kind and attentive. The food is absolutely amazing and in my opinion authentic. It is a hidden gem in Naples and we will be back again!
Great Mexican food at great prices. Hidden away but great place once you find it. Ask for their homemade hot sauce, there is a creamy one and a regular, both are good. Don't miss visiting this place at some point for authentic Mexican food. Had pork tamales at lunch, tacos, all is good at great prices.
Excellent authentic family owned & operated Mexican restaurant! I lived in Mexico with a host family 17 years ago & have been looking for this restaurant since! Seriously. I took one bite of my burrito & felt like I was back in my host mothers kitchen! I'm from the north & had given up on finding authentic, (not 'Americanized') Mexican food. Well I finally found what I had given up on finding! Salsa Brava is the real deal. The owner is super nice & friendly. Unknowingly, my husband & I arrived 10 mins after closing time but were served with tremendous patience & care. It wasn't until we left around 11 & had been chatting with the owner a while that we realized we came in after closing time! Talk about A+ service! You can tell the owner is passionate about his restaurant & food. I recommend Salsa Brava highly & cannot wait to go back!
Absolutely the best Mexican in the area! The owner is so personable and did come to talk with us after dinner. So fresh...down to the homemade chips. Turn in at Hungry Howies...
Excellent experience. Authentic Mexican food. Staff takes care of you like family and is patient. If you are a guacamole fan, theirs is some of the best I have had. If you are in the Naples area for a vacation try this spot. May be better at lunch than dinner.
As the other reviewers mentioned - this place is a little hard to fine, it is literally *tucked* away. But so worth seeking out.  It is a tiny tiny place, with maybe 5 tables. I ordered a torta, which is a sandwich, where you get to pick your own fillings.  I ordered al pastor (a deliciously sauced shredded pork), with fried egg, avocado, onions, cheese, tomato, lettuce, and jalapeno. The owner came over and told me that the al pastor is so delicious, that if I've never had it, I should try it without the egg.  I agreed, and out it came! He was right. It was perfect as is!  Everything was great - I also had the Jamaica water (a fruit juice), the complimentary chips and salsa, and pico de gallo.  ALL of it was delicious and super fresh. Definitely worth a try!
Wouldn't recommend to dine in because the salsa is not good and the ambiance leaves a lot to be desired. You have to pay for chips and salsa as well and the only option is Pico de Gallo or what I would deem as taco sauce. Tacos were tasty with everyone enjoying all of the different meat options. I would recommend for take out only.
Prices are high for a place that is hidden. In a small strip mall but behind a local convenient store building. Across the street from Sushi Thai. Authentic Mexican but my plate of enchiladas with rice and beans were room temp. Owner very nice, dessert flan was wonderful but not enough to convince me to fill up a tank of gas and return.   Sorry. Wish him the best.
I stopped in and the girl was very kind who spoke to me and then I met the owner.  He took the time to explain that they have some unique drinks that are freshly brewed from things like the Hibiscus and others.  He then gave me a few samples and I was SHOCKED.  Forget the usual Coke, Pepsi, Sprite, etc.  This is a very cool place.  I've had drinks at other Mexican places and they are good but I've NEVER had something like this.  BY THE WAY, I observe that at least ONE of the bad reports here is by another Mexican Restaurant Owner in town so BEWARE of FAKE false reports.  In the end, just come here and you will know it is special.
Hard to find, but well worth the effort, as others have noted. The skirt steak was delicious, as were the enchiladas underneath it. Rice and decried beans on the side were good, but not exceptional. Same for the Margarita. If you're deciding between here and Agave in Naples, go to Salsa Bravado. The food is better and less expensive.
Salsa Brava is my favorite Mexican restaurant in town. I have been going to Salsa Brava from the day I saw them in the NDN. We go for lunch all the time. I love the tacos and tamales! The also have the best guacamole in town it is a must! I have had many many meals and the food is constantly good. PS The Mole chicken is amazing!
Exceptional first experience at Salsa Brava.  Chicken Burritos were dynamite. My only complaint is that they don't have their menu on their website.. no biggie.
What a find... Great little AUTHENTIC Mexican restaurant in Naples. It didn't have the tchotchke feel of so many other Mexican joints in the area and was very small, intimate. Simple, delicious and fresh foods. We had Lunch on Dec 22nd and enjoyed Guacamole, a shredded beef burrito and a veggie burrito. Everything was perfect and flavorful other than the rice which we felt was a little lacking but that certainly didn't stop us from eating it. Great home made chips and green salsa and the Tamarindo Drink was just like I remember from Central America.
I ordered two tacos for lunch.  It took an hour, it wasn't busy, and when they brought them they weren't what I ordered.  The beans were like cold water, emphasis on the cold.
Delicious dinner all around. The chips and salsa as well as the homemade guacamole were a fantastic way to start the meal. We all ordered something different from veggie burrito to pork chimichanga to chicken tostada and raved about what had. Whenever we are in the area we will go to Salsa Brava.
Very authentic mexican food.  Good service but they place is a bit small.  This is really a hidden gem and I would recommend the food.  It is much better than your typical Mexican food restaurant.  Try the tacos a la carte.  Very affordable and you will not be disappointed.
I love Mexican food but this one is the best! Love the Tina tacos and Chrizo tacos!
Avoid.  Went on Cinco de Mayo.  One guy working, seemed very flustered.  Did not bring refills on chips or water.  Several other guests left without food.  We waited for ours.  Big mistake.  Ordered a salad with no meat or dairy, got cheese and sour cream.  Insulted by waiter.  Brought back the same salad, with traces of sour cream on it still, but the lettuce and veggies in it were FRIED.  Might have been a joke.  I didn't laugh.  Didn't bring check.  Left cash on table and split.  Even paid for the inedible fried salad garbage.  Not fun.
Great little place that should not be avoided. I got the carne asada tacos, they were fresh and tasty. We spoke with the owner for a short while, he thanked us for stopping by and discussed the food with us at great length. Definitely stop by this place if you are in the area, and in search of affordable fresh Mexican food!
This is a very simple Mexican restaurant. Lots of carry outs, basic offerings and cheap. Kid friendly, student favored but not for the Foodie or sophisticated palate or those that like spice and slow cooked pork dishes. The guacamole was very basic and the salsa was cheap out of the jar. They try hard with a small staff but this is a local joint that any one could improve upon who knew how to cook
I was aimlessly driving around Collier county asking Siri about restaurants, when she mentioned Salsa Brava. That sounded interesting I thought. I stopped my car in the parking garage of Waterside Shops and drilled down the list to figure out where I needed to drive. I was temped to go to my old stand-by of Taco Ardiente. I love that place, but wanted to try something new. So I went exploring. I started back north on US41 until I got to the Naples Park area. I turned down one of the side streets. My plan was to take a side street north of my target, and then head back south. I got back to US41 and made a right turn back into the abyss. I looked left and right and didn't see what I was looking for. Perhaps it wasn't here anymore? I then turned into the parking lot behind a convenience store to turn around so I could get back to Fort Myers. Just as I'm putting the car into reverse, I notice the tiny, little sign announcing that this was the parking for Salsa Brava. I stepped into the small establishment and stood by the door awkwardly for a little bit. I was then greeted by a man I can only assume is the owner. A table was cleared and I was seated. A lovely waitress also came to my table and took my order. The wait was considerable. The large party next to me seemed to receive their food in waves. One, then another would have a plate placed in front of them over the course of many minutes. They didn't seem to mind too much as I heard them all talk about their meals. I finally received my enchiladas and asked for and received some different sauces. The red sauce was very interesting. I think it was a chipotle sauce with sour cream. The tomatillo sauce had a nice flavor, with a sharp kick to it. Everything had a nice flavor to it. The staff was very kind and apologetic for the wait times, but you could kind of tell that they had a busy night. I think they are kind of a victim of their success. If they were to expand into a larger venue, would the food quality be as good? Perhaps, by staying small, the owner has more control but then potentially upsets customers with the wait. I wasn't in a hurry, and you shouldn't be when you try it. I think it's worth the wait.
This place is "excellente".  Hole-in-the wall joint that's totally culturally keepin-it-real and legit.  The green salsa is awesome and the taco dishes are quite flavorful.  Left with a very full belly and nearly fell asleep on the drive home due to complete satiation.  Thumbs up!
I saw a write up in the newspaper about this site and thought we would give it a try.  The place is a little hard to find and small with only about 15 tables and some outdoor seating.  The food is excellent!  We ordered the Burrito, Fajitas and Super Nachos.  The food is more authentic Mexican than Tex-Mex.  The owner was very friendly, informative, and worked hard to make sure we had a great experience.  He even has his own Jamaica Flower Ice Tea.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
OK, the place doesn't look like much from the outside, but the food is beyond reproach if you're lucky enough to find this hidden oasis of salsa. My biggest issue with this place is location, it's literally tucked away in the back corner of a small strip mall, easily the crappiest location for any restaurant and I think a huge detriment in regard to street traffic (Thank goodness for Yelp!). The location doesn't do the place justice. I hope these good reviews drum up enough business for the owner to move to a higher profile spot because food this good needs a proper venue! Having said that, the food and service is 5 stars. I wandered in foraging for take out lunch for a crew of 8. I walked out with a wide variety of AUTHENTIC tacos, rice, beans, quesadillas, salads and a sampling of the home made hot sauces. Tacos consisted of chicken, al pastor, carne asada, carnitas and chorizo, dressed with cilantro and onion served on a pair of warm corn tortillas, just the way it should be. They were all tasty, made with fresh ingredients and lots of love. The refried beans were the perfect texture, not to runny and not too stiff, even after cooling to room temp. The rice was seasoned just enough to compliment , not detract from the flavors of the main course. Plain cheese quesadillas and iceberg salad were standard fare as requested. Here's really what garners the 5 stars. It's not that difficult to prepare good mexican food. The right recipe and a little love are all it takes. But to craft an army of home made hot sauces and fresh made mexican soft drinks is an art unto itself. This is where Salsa Brava clinches the gold. While the food was being prepared, the friendly owner and I chatted about the variety of bottled hot sauces on the counter. I saw the almost finished bottle of El Yucateco and commented on the serious heat it kicks out. He came back with, 'you think that's hot? let me show you something.." he proceeded to go to the fridge and spoon a sample of their house green and red sauce. "That's one and two, tell me what you think" The green had a good zing and flavor, the red was smokier with more heat but not habanero heat. He proceeded to bring out more sauces one by one, some being concocted on the spot at a small station near front of the prep area, ingredients shielded by an aluminum panel. When he got to 'the 3rd from the hottest I make', I'd had enough. It was a smoky, flavorful and intense burn that makes your eye sockets sweat and clears your sinuses. I wished I could have taken home a vat of that stuff! Standing ovation to this gentleman for his prowess with peppers! But it doesn't end there. He proceeded to give me samples of the home made 'dirty water', Horchata, jamaica and tamarindo beverages. All were delicious and a nice way to soothe the burn! Truth be told, I've never been a big fan of these drinks as they've usually come out of a service pack or bottle. However, I'm making an exception for these freshly-made-on-the-premises refreshments. I can't say much about the dining area as I was taking out, but it's small. My party of 9 would have been a tight fit with the other patrons. Regardless, the food rocks. i wish they had an option for delivery, but I could see how that would be detrimental to the quality of some of the meals. maybe a limited delivery menu (tacos, burritos etc.)? Anyway, well done, Salsa Brava. I'll be back when I'm in Naples!
I read all the positive reviews here and decided to try Salsa Brava out. Well, my experience was a disappointment. We waited for an hour and a half for our food, which I understood because there only appeared to be 2 people working there. Plus we had very large drinks to get through and lots of chips with a really great tomatillo sauce. I figured that the food would be worth the wait. It really wasn't. My carne asada was bland and rubbery. Another member of my party had a fajita which was dry and bland. Every one came away thinking that their meals could have been better. I'm bummed because I love holes in the wall and don't mind long waits if the food is good, but this was just bad.
What a gem in Naples, Florida! Tiny restaurant, hidden away in a shopping plaza, serving authentic and delicious Mexican food. Find it and eat there!
If you love to wait and wait and wait, get annoyed, and leave hungry and dissatisfied... This is the place for you.    We arrived at the restaurant at an off peak time. There was only one other customer and all the tables were dirty so we had to wait till they cleaned one up so that we can sit down. Then we sat down and nobody even offered us water.  After being ignored for 20 minutes a customer, which was obviously Spanish, walked in and was immediately asked what they wanted to drink and eat. Our family of 5 got up and left.  We drove down the street to a more welcoming Mexican restaurant. ..Flacos.
It's just ok. Menus were filthy and wasn't a good first impression. I had tacos al pastor. They were good. The beans and rice were not hot. The salsa both red and green were good. Service was ok.
Quite honestly I can say that this was some of the best Mexican food (or Tex-Mex I guess) that I have ever had! Located in a totally hidden corner of a strip mall, this tiny gem is worth hunting for. The service was fast and friendly, portions were generous, and all the staff was very friendly. My brother and father, whom I went with, raved about their food as well. The owner came to our table to make sure we liked everything. I will definitely recommend it, and I can't wait to go again!
Great authentic (really) Mexican.  Prices are reasonable and portions are rather large.  Staff (it was just the owner and his wife when I went) were extremely considerate, helpful, and attentive.  The kitchen is pretty open so you can see your food get cooked right in front of you if you're into that.  I recommend the Jamaican water, which tastes like tea mixed with juice.
This place simply rocks. I like the quaint family feeling, it just makes you feel welcome. The food is ample and tastes homemade giving it an authenticity i haven't tasted in a long time. I can see why it has been given such good reviews. Actually, i can easily say this is the best, most satisfying and authentic Mexican restaurant in town.
Hard to find, but great little place! Good food, the owner is very friendly and wants to make sure you enjoy your meal! The margaritas and homemade chips are wonderful!
We ate her a few nights ago and the food was delicious.  Really quaint place that i very authentic with a staff that appears family.  We enjoyed all of our meals, they were excellent
Fresh made tortillas everything made to order. Wonderful place. Best Mexican food I've had in years. Service was wonderful. It's a small place but excellent food excellent service good atmosphere can't beat it.
Very authentic. Fab flavor. The owner was the server. He was charming. Everybody loved their made to order dishes. The decor is not a five  and the tables are tiny but its made up for by the awesome food.  Highly recommend.
What an amazing little find. We are staying in Marco Island and this was quite out of our way to get there, but boy, are we glad that we did. Both my wife and I agree that this little place is the best Mexican we have tried in a long time (at pretty much any price range). Their guacamole is probably the best one I've had (including my own). We tried to get the recipe, but the waitress was pretty good at evading to answer (I don't blame her). If you are in the Naples area and looking for Mexican, try this one. It is a bit hard to find, but worth the effort.
If you are looking for an authentic Mexican food, this place hits the spot.  It's a small family own restaurant. The father is the owner and the daughter is the server. She's there almost every single time we've been there so far and both of them are very nice and friendly. Since there's only one people serving, this place can be slow at times (especially if you go during the lunch for dinner). The drinks are ok...I stresss..don't expect anything wonderful. However! the foods are GREAT. The queso are made of Oaxacan cheese. I've actually had the pleasure to visit Oaxacan, Mexico and let me tell you, this cheese is the bomb! I've never been to any other Mexican restaurant that uses this cheese before and this was a pleasant surprise. Also, make sure you specified what kind of meat you like (notice: differentiate between ground beef and shredded beef) But I like both and think they are really good. If you don't like adventure, stick with the ground beef. The salsa is really hot but that really is how they make it in Mexico (I only know this because I had the chance to study abroad in Mexico) and I'm absolutely in love with it. Brings back good memories of food. Anyhow, overall great food! mediocre everything else. Nice & super friendly people. A bit slow at times..but worth the wait.
Hidden gem!  It is hidden in the back corner of a small strip mall.  Great  mexican food, drinks, atmosphere, and service.  It is a small friendly restaurant worth tracking down.
Best Mexican food I have had since traveling to Mexico! This hidden gem is worth finding. Everything is made from scratch, you can taste the freshness in every dish. Not only is everything on the menu delicious, the owner even whipped up a sampler platter for us to experiment some dishes outside of our usual entrees. Talk about customer service!! We had a bottle of their higher tier wine, Alamos Seleccion Malbec, cheapest price I have seen in town for a great bottle of wine. All in all this is my new favorite restaurant. I recommend trying everything!!
Neat local business which would be great to support . Really good authentic Mexican. Service was outstanding. My 2 yr old lives on OJ. They didn't have it but didn't stop the owner leaving the building and going to the restaurant next door to get some. Very friendly staff. Had a chicken special sautéed w/poblano and halapenos. Spicy but so good. Sopa's were outstanding. I'll be in a hurry to come back.
Delicious! This was my second visit to this authentic Mexican restaurant.  The location is tucked away right on US-41 in Naples Park, it is very much worth searching this place out if you enjoy honest-to-goodness yummy food.  Hand-made tortillas, fresh seasoned meats and chicken, tacos and enchiladas made to order and a selection of fruit refreshments.  In the mood for something different, stop by this charming and clean locale and ask the owner what he recommends, he hasn't steered me wrong yet!  I will definitely go back for more!
This is THE BEST authentic Mexican food in Naples. If you're looking for cheese smothered American-style tacos, go to Chili's...but if you want simply spiced real Mexican food, this is where you need to go!
Hidden gem. You won't see it from the street so look for the kwik store. Authentic Mexican food, homemade tortillas, salsas that will sear the roof of your mouth if you want them....and they do breakfast! The owner is very fussy about his food and if he thnks you are a gringo he will give you a lot of advice.
Went here with my wife and it was awesome.  Average prices, but great food and great service. Small quaint atmosphere.
This is one of those hidden treasures, the food was just amazing, usually when we go to restaurant we never get to meet the owner, here not only we met him he also serve us and was very attentive to our delight. Wonderful atmosphere definite we'll go back.
