I ate here twice in a week.  The atmosphere is very nice, with a view or the docks and bay.  The food I had was very good.  The caprese salad, crab cake.  I would eat here again.
A group of 6 not-so-easy-to-please women had a fabulous evening/dinner. All started w/ delightful hostess very helpful abt seating times. Lovely sunset. Borrowed OFF in case bugs an issue. Waitress Cathy a delight esp w/ older guest. Shrimp basket yummy, fried scallops better than broiled, salads nice and crisp. Service best we've had here.
My wife and I ate here on a Tuesday evening in mid-February. The outdoor seating was full so we decided to eat inside rather than wait - especially since there is no outdoor bar and the one inside is stand-up only - there are no seats - period. My first impression is that the place is pricey. Granted, it's on the water but this is not an upscale interior by any means. Prices for fish were in the $28 area and that doesn't include a salad or even bread for that matter The waitstaff was knowledgeable and friendly. However, five minutes after we were seated the place gradually got smokier inside. I figured it was just something that got burned and expected the air to clear. Didn't happen. After 15 minutes I got up and asked the hostess if any outside seating had opened up as I didn't feel like putting up with the smoke any longer. Luckily it did and we moved just before our entrees arrived. As a side note, the hostess indicated that she wasn't sure why it was so smokey but added that it happens nightly. Hellllooooo?! Enough complaining. The food was very good as were the desserts. Would we go back? I doubt it but that's only because there are so many other good choices within 15-20 minutes. If you live nearby than this might end up being your go-to joint because of convenience. If you live further I think you might agree there are better alternatives.
Horrible Waite staff!  Hostess sat us while not one...but four waiters just stared at us for almost ten minutes!  Tried take the order in the most half assed way I have ever seen!  Never going back!  Oh by the way try serving fresh fish...not imported from Malaysia !  Your surrounded by the Gulf of Mexico !  Really????
Cute outdoor lunch spot.  Good food. Nice atmosphere. Grilled Grouper tacos are very big and tasty.
Enjoyed a Late lunch w a large group of friends after a great beach day.  Atmosphere is great for lunch, casual, family friendly and open air outside or indoor air conditioning.  Our food was great,  everyone loved their meal.  Unfortunately,  our server was in such a rush to finish her shift she added the 18%gratuity to our bill which when we paid she gave us attitude bc the separate credit cards and cash was too much for her to handle.  Mariah rushed off w her purse and keys without clearing any of our dishes or thanking us.  Probably the easiest $50 she ever made and she treated us like a red headed step child.  I do like the restaurant but she was so awful I will make a point to ask for anyone but her.
Oh my goodness - what a delightful view sitting on the patio looking out on the bay.  And then getting a Lobster Taco that I expected to be a few pieces of lobster and a lot of filler . . . It was stuffed full and delicious!
Pricey for quality and quantity of food.  ($28 for a broiled seafood/fish entree...no salad no bread...meager portions at a lukewarm temperature).  ($19 for a Black and Blue Salad plus skewered shrimp...limp greens, over-cooked shrimp, stale cracker/flatbread.) Waitress with a surly attitude. As full-time Estero residents...we will not be back. One star rating for cold beer...the other for a marina/water view.  Find another restaurant that appreciates customer service. E.D.
I love the Fish House.  My folks live down the beach and I eat here whenever I visit!  It's a relaxed restaurant - no bells and whistles, with excellent traditional seafood dishes.
Very friendly staff. Changed a fried seafood platter to grilled without any issues. Delicious grouper - maybe the best ever. Moist, meaty with the best tartar sauce. Creamy and very tasteful. My wife raves about the seafood scampi - she says the best in SWF. Plus the location is fantastic.
Our second visit to this local restaurant. I had the fried mahi tacos. Instead of fries, I had steamed carrots, cauliflower and broccoli. My wife had the fried grouper sandwich. The fish was fried until it was crunchy, but still moist and tender. My vegetables were steamed just right, cooked but still crunchy. This place has a nice dockside atmosphere, perhaps because it is dockside. Service was friendly and prompt.
Everything we had was very delicious. Great food to have while being close to the water in the beach.
Wife got referred to this hidden waterfront gem, glad she did!  Kind of hidden from the beach road, a gravel driveway leads around back to this place.  Inside or outside on the waterfront docks, we sat on the dock.  Great view and a perky server named Ashley.  I asked her about the onion ring boat and she said everybody loves it, they were the best onion rings I have ever had served perfectly fried with a world class dipping sauce.   She ordered the lobster taco's and I got the shrimp taco's.  Best taco's we have ever had anywhere.  My shrimp were bronzed and cooked perfectly on a fresh aioli with avocado and fresh salsa.  The Cole slaw we both ordered for sides was world class with sweetness added with pieces of pineapple.  Outstanding, location. view, food & service.  Our new go to place!
Lunch Friday July 5th ... first time @ big hick ... nice sitting outside overlooking the bay ... a strong wind and rain came up quickly - staff worked stat lowering plastic "windows" so guests didn't get wet - good job! app conch fritters - wish they had more conch in them, but they were served hot with a side of black bean corn relish and a raspberry dipping sauce - dish was good burger was cooked as requested, crab cake sandwich was also tasty - was real maryland lump crab ... couple of things ... the sandwiches are served with pickle/onion/tomato/lettuce layered on the side of the plate ,,, to me it is obvious that this layered mess is set up way before it hits the plate ... with the pickle seeded side down on the onion, it becomes a squeshy soggy yuck ... i would have liked to put the onion tomato lettuce on the burger, but it was not appetizing ... i should have asked for fresh - my bad ... i also think it is a little pricey - okay so your sitting waterside in paradise, but $53.00 for lunch ( 1 app, 2 sandwiches and 2 beers) including tax and tip ... service was good, food was served hot would i go back ??? maybe with a coupon p.s. ... they only serve wine and beer - no mixed drinks
The quality of food was excellent!  I had the blackened gruper sandwich, wife had fish tacos, and others in our party had fried shrimp and the Florida cobb salad. We all shared the onion rings. All of us loved it!  It wasn't a full 5 stars b/c of the price. I was a bit surprised to see the bill afterwards. A bit too much but I guess thats what you get at a tourist town.
This place had a great view of the water and was relatively clean. We elected to sit inside to avoid the bugs. The tables were sticky and air conditioning inadequate. By the end of our meal, it felt as if it were cooler outside. The food was good but kind of pricey (as one would expect of a seafood place in SW Florida). I ordered the "bucket" which included a whole lobster, 1 lb of crab legs, a dozen mussels and a dozen clams in a sauce. The sauce was ok, but the lobster and crab legs were very good. Look for coupons in the paper for buy one entree get 2nd half off. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. Would definitely go back but only with a coupon.
Great food and ideal low key, dockside atmosphere.  Definitely returning on our next trip to Bonita Springs.
Four star setting for dinner.  Sound of water moving through mangroves, twinkly lights from the marina and the highrises just past the groves, fresh breeze, choice of tables on an open air patio, under an overhang, or inside for the bug-aphobic.  (Tip: go when the air is moving.  The no-seeums can't seem to get their landing gear down then.) Fall back to three star for food.  We had the $19.95 prime rib special, with baked potato and veggies.  The steamed green beans looked great, but the taste was a little musty and scarey.   Back up to four stars for service.  Terrific.  We're all happy people,  dining and serving.
The reviews that I've done here on Yelp are consistently positive, because I find something good about most places.  If the food doesn't taste great, the wait staff is awesome and the restaurant is in a good location.  Or if somewhere costs too much, I justify it for learning about a new place, so my review isn't that bad . . . that's how I feel about these things. But this place has caused me to buck my trend!  From walking up to the restaurant after getting off our bikes in the parking lot, strange things happened that made me not want to eat here again.   It's real expensive, the food is really not good (the bread that came with muscles was what I ate in my high school cafeteria!), and the service was off color. To point out the positive, the location on the water is relaxing, but doesn't do enough to redeem the negatives!  I could justify coming here if the prices were half as much and the food was more honest, but until then . . . oye ! . . . two stars!  I'll try it again next time I visit because it is close and easy to bike to!
+ great  fresh seafood, but they have a very limited menu + you get an abundant amount of food for it's price - not much variety on drinks or cocktails - vegetables were bland (frozen tasting) and luke warm Note do be careful of the mosquitoes, they should really have a screened  porch instead.
The staff was super friendly and efficient. The servings were huge and very good. I had the grouper finger basket, my wife had the grouper tacos. Both were delicious. We split an order of onion rings and lettuce wedge. It's far from fancy, the deck is the place to eat. Inside has almost a cafeteria feel to it.
We were at Lovers Key SP and were going to have dinner with friends at other place. So we only ordered appetizers - that is probably a mistake! The mussel and clam I ordered, hmmmm, - avoid it. This is not west coast where the mussel is fat and juicy and fresh. The mussel and clam here apparently died of starving. I would love to try some the recommendation here next time though. Love the setting, it is beautiful! Our waitress was great too. I only give 3 star because the food we ordered wasn't meet the expectation.
Stopped in for dinner during a king hell lightning storm, and had great meal on the inner patio during the peak of hurricane season. I ordered the blackened grouper sandwich and it was phenomenal, and the battered fries were superb as well. Service was half awesome, half terrible.
As locals, this our go-to place for seafood. The service is hit and miss, but it's a laid back fish joint, so whatever. What we love is the setting (we only sit outside) and the food - the food is wonderful. Every summer, the fish tacos are on special on Wednesdays, so we always go then. The fries are AWESOME. Good food, nice setting, sometimes good service, sometimes just ok. No frills, relaxed atmosphere.
I really like this place--for dinner that is, not breakfast. Tried both, and the breakfast menu is pretty drab, and the service is scarce. Dinner is great! The beautiful marina lights, and cool breeze, and fantastic service is incomparable. Really great menu, lots of seafood, salads, and steak options. Kinda romantic too :)
- Coconut Pie & Clam Chowder are both incredible! - Great Setting - Service was on the relaxed side, you may or may not like this...  (You get what you need eventually)
Some if the best seafood I have had on the beach. Great view from their patio seating along the waterfront. Lobster salad was worth the drive. Big pieces of lobster, fresh veggies and light sauce makes this an ideal diet friendly lunch choice.
I've probably been to this restaurant more than any other place in Bonita due to its longevity and quality.  The prices have gone up more and more through the years, and I know it has changed hands a few times to say the least, but it remains one of my favorite places for seafood in an upscale casual, waterfront setting. Their menu is mainly seafood, but does have a few landlubber options.  I always feel like the seafood sauces and styles have a fruity-tilt.  (eg banana, mango, etc)  These are typically not my favorite with seafood, so I usually opt for the simpler options. What I had: Another place I have been to many a time, but my fav is the bronzed grouper with any of the potato options.   Best bet:  Go while it's light to enjoy the quiet, backwater setting (though you are in Bonita, so most restaurants are closed by dark anyway!) when you are in the mood for classy, well-executed seafood.
Nice local flair. Nice people good food nice setting on the deck I would and will go back
Stopped at Big Hickory for lunch - really liked sitting outside by the waterway. It was a hot day, but the overhead fans and covered deck made it very comfortable. The staff was very welcoming, friendly and attentive. So nice to see wait staff who seem to enjoy their jobs. I had the tomato caprese grilled mushroom flatbread, and it was delish! The flatbread was a generous size, so I was able to take some home. The house Chardonnay was very nice and hit the spot. Would have given this restaurant 5 stars, but it was a bit pricey for what I had. I'd certainly go back again. Other reviewers say it's very pretty at night with the lights by the water.
Atmosphere: overlooking a small intercoastal waterway with dock and small marina. Food: average, quite a few deep fried options. Service: good, prompt and knowledgeable. Cost: above average.  lunch for 2: 1 dinner salad, 1 chowder, 1# peel and eat shrimp, 2 iced teas =$41+tip
great food, the blue salad is kinda small, but good. Get the grouper and get it bronzed - very good
I sat myself at dinner time out of season. I specifically came for the $3 basa fish tacos. I ordered 3 pico on the side. I would have liked them way better grilled but didn't even bother to ask if they would do that. The avocado and lime aiolie make these! I didnt want anymore so I went with the flatbread of the day. Tomatoe, basil, fresh moz, and balsamic drizzle. I couldn't tell if they made the crust it didn't taste like much. I hate to say this but like cardboard? The tomatoes were ok not ripe enough but fresh. The mozzerella was great! Could have used more basil and the balsamic was good too. Not worth the $12 at all I've had way more and better for less. The waitresses are always the same. The nice, pleasant, mother - daughter . It's a one time trip on the vaca but wouldn't go twice ...
Tacos were very good, especially the shrimp!  Get a piece of key lime pie go!!  Service was satisfactory-- great outdoor seating.
Good food, nice location, good service. We had a nice lunch.
Really want to give this place more stars but just can't.  We vacation regularly in Bonita but always at the end of Sept when this place is closed for 2 weeks.  This year we came later in the season and had the chance to eat there.  Always heard great things.  The food was decent but nothing that impressed me.  The fish tacos are good but beware the fish is fried as the other reviewers noted.  One in our party didn't want the fries and asked for a small salad instead...they wouldn't do it.  We had to buy the small salad.  The service was fair, but there was a party of 12 which the waitress was much more interested in serving $$ rather than us.  Lastly, the price...very expensive for the quality.  Paid the same that I would have paid at the Water Mark in Naples but missing the quality and service.  So disappointed.
Food-- average at best Service--average at best Setting----great At least the beer is cold
Nice setting on an intercoastal waterway gives this place 3 instead of 2 stars.  My hamburger was overcooked but tasty. It was served with those fries with a coating which I find to be disconcerting.  All in all very average.  'nuf said.
Try the Fish Tacos or the Hamburger or one of their many great Salads. You'll be happy with any choice!
Our food was good but seemed overpriced for what you got and everything was drowning in butter. The inside is cute, everything you would expect from a quintessential Florida restaurant. However I'd try to sit outside, there's a great view of the marina from the patio.
On our way to The Shrimp Festival on Ft. Myers Beach and ran into the Spring Break crowd!  Traffic and long lines!  Not my scene.  Nor my wife's.  Decided to drive back towards Bonita Springs and we pass Big Hickory.  We love seafood so we stop and go in.  A lot of people were ther already but we were able to get a table quickly.  Our server came over right away and got us water and took our orders.  So far, so good.  Along comes our food, crabcake sandwich with fires for me and my wife got fried calamari on a bed of salad greens.  My sandwich was big, flaky, not too crispy and full of crabmeat.  Coupled with the tartar sauce or something like it, it was delicious and easy to eat.  Moving on, I have to let you know that I do not like calamari.  My wife loves it, esp. with rice.  Big Hickory's version was a little disappointing as it was not battered and it looked as though it was pan fried.  But my wife said that it was tolerable and ok.  Overall, service was quick, solid and friendly.  Food was good but not outstanding.  The attitude was very friendly and professional.  They knew what they were doing over there.  This is a good place to go for lunch.  We'll try dinner another time.  Talk to you soon.
Nice casual seafood restaurant with indoor or outdoor seating on Estero Bay.  I went with a friend and we thought the food and service was fine.  She had the fried grouper "fingers" basket, served with French fries and a black bean salsa.  She'd requested vegetables in place of the fries and, when server realized the error, quickly brought the veggies and, of course, left the fries as well.   I had a special that night, baked pompano, deliciously seasoned, served with fresh mixed vegetables and rice pilaf.  I don't see pompano on menus that often so order it whenever I see it.  Both portions were ample, well-seasoned, fried fish wasn't greasy... and server was better than average.  Replenished our drinks the minute they were half-full, was friendly without being obnoxious and readily answered all our questions completely and accurately.  Price was fair for what we got.  I'll go back.  Plus, it's nice to have a waterfront place to eat.
Grouper tacos were really fishy. Excellent portion sizes for the price, though. You won't leave hungry. Service was so so.
Three stars is a compromise.  Four stars for food and two stars for service and prices.  We decided to go early. Outdoor seating was full so we were seated inside right by door and bar.  Hint .. Wait for outdoor seating. All the people waiting lined up at the bar for drinks and literally hovered over our table.  Food was really good.  Husband had all you can eat fish fry.  Grouper was literally just out of the fryer and perfectly fried.  I had grouper tostada special and it was a huge serving. Took a key lime pie to go for late night snack.  So food was great. Service not so much though in our server's defense she tried but seemed to be short staffed. We had to ask for  drink refills numerous times. And although the fish fry was all you can eat, we had to hunt down the server.  We asked other servers but they wouldn't help us.  Others nearby seemed to have the same problem.   Owners should add a couple more servers if they are going to charge the prices they do.
Last day in Naples. Early golf then checked out of Ritz and wanted a place that was in general direction of airport. This place was everything that it should be. Open air dining over looking cove. Mostly locals and fishermen as clients. Had crab sandwich which was 10/10. Wife had the fruit with her crab sandwich which was fresh and quite good. french fries done to perfection. This place is a little out of the way but well worth the trip. Will definately return here upon next trip to Naples. Service was perfect,
