Great place. My company has an office in Naples, so I am down 5-7 times per year. I always stay at the Hilton, so Larrys is an easy walk. Last night I had the grouper sandwich. It was perfect. The fish was fresh and tasted great. The fries were perfect... Hot and crispy... So many places rush the fries... They come out hot... But in 5 minutes they are soggy.... Not here... Hot and crispy... Perfect!
This is our favorite sports bar in town!! Great food, great drinks and the service is amazing! We went to Pelican Larrys to watch the soccer game yesterday afternoon and it was PACKED!  However, we never had to wait too long, the drinks were mixed to perfection and all of the staff was smiling and having fun (even though they were working really hard) There was a few people that stood out to us in particular...Chris the runner or bar back (I'm not sure) was busting his a**.  I've literally never seen someone work so hard and so efficiently and he kept a smile on his face the whole time.  I was amazed at the level of hard work coming from one person with a bar FULL of people. I'm sure it was really difficult to squeeze through all the people that were there with full trays of food, dishes, glassware etc...yet he did it with a smile and I was super impressed. Also, Sebastian (bartender) is amazing!  He spoils us when we go in there.  His drinks are always mixed perfectly and he's great at making eye contact with you so that you know that he's coming over (even when he's slammed!) He's literally the best multi-tasker EVER and has SUCH an upbeat personality.  You can really tell that he loves his job and that he's excited to be there. There are many sports bars in town but Pelican Larrys Pine Ridge is our most favorite neighborhood bar and we love it!   Great job guys, we will be back very soon!
Mango mussels were great, Caesar salad had excellent homemade dressing.   Decent selection of craft beer and all the football games!  They will let you try the craft beer before you buy.
Good Food, Drinks, Service and Prices...what more could you want.  Atmosphere is fun and kindly divey.  Crowd is all over the board from young to old and mostly locals.
Ok    We decided to give pelican Larry's another chance. After receiving an email that happy hour seven days a week two for one and five dollar appetizers we expected to enjoy the Saturday afternoon. How do you think people would continue to come when you change to happy hour again. Almost 4 dollars for domestic draft?  Certainly we thought you would have some specials during the football game. How stupid of me to think that would be the case. We had one beer and left. We went to the other place close by and had wings for five dollars and 22 ounce beers for 3.75   I'm very disappointed in you pelican
Great find...live music,  cold beer, unique bar food,  exceptional bartenders.  Friendly environment,  which will require me to attend on a regular basis while working in naples thru November. ..
Bad Bad Bad! We visited from out of town and were hoping for some decent oysters and wings. We placed our order, but they totally forgot half our order and just simply gave me a "shit happens" attitude. The wings were average but definitely nothing compared to your typical Buffalo Wild Wings. The place has its share of reprobates walking around with plenty of casual charm. :) Definitely avoid!
Cheap beer, friendly staff good place to watch a game.   Just don't go there for their wings.  Especially the teriyaki, very weird taste and very thin sauce.  Watered down ranch as well.  Gross.
If you read my reviews, you will know I'm a pretty generous reviewer and tend to see the bright side of most situations. This place, however, left a whole lot to be desired. - this is a raw bar that ran out of oysters at 7 PM - "rare" steamed clams were cooked totally  through - conch chowder was overcooked - fries were old - no service at all. You seat yourself and place orders at the bar. Never see a waitress again - food took an hour to be served On the positive side, the clams were still good, and the wings and chicken sandwich are cooked to perfection. The decor is also lively. However, if there was a place in Orlando like this - which there isn't- it would surely close. And the bathrooms were out of order.
Its okay, but takes forever pine ridge location to get waited on , you can be only one at bar, but bartender makes uou wait forever to get waited on.... between cell phone snd mind off in thin air.  We sat there a long time before she came over snd ask us if we wanted anything
What to expect: Inexpensive food, high-to-regularly priced drinks ($6.15 for a Captain and Coke. $14 for a pitcher of domestic.) Also, ladies benefit from weekly specials. Guys get no breaks here. Friendly staff A convenient tab system (your card is not held). Lots of games. Pool, Ping Pong, Board Games... convenient if you're not a talker. TV's everywhere. Tons of seating. On the weekend evenings this place essentially turns into a dance club, with all the sweaty elbow-bumpery that comes with that. Your patience will be tested if you're a moderate drinker, but that's to be expected with any very busy bar. What not to expect: A family atmosphere. It's a sports bar by day and a club by night. Gourmet food. The food lands somewhere between Landry's and a Captain Dave's. This place is somewhat stag friendly, but there's no real indication that there are regulars or a core crowd. Just out-of-towners or people vacationing, so don't go expecting to make a ton of friends. It's better for the after-work beer and maybe a half-dozen oysters.
Great music, friendly atmosphere, trendy drinks . Great food local casual dress kind of pla ce.
This place is now that of a Scene Spot.  No longer is it a place to go and just watch the game over drinks.  Dress to impress or you are looked at as a underclass commoner.   And some words of advice, dont mess with the fish on the wall, they frown upon that
Found this place by accident on our way out of town... hubby wanted oysters and didn't get them our entire trip so I hit the smart phone up for "lunch oysters naples" and Pelican Larry's popped up on TripAdvisor and was only 3 mi. from where we were... So, hubby got his oysters. His 12 oysters were ginormous... would've been 3 dozen back home (in Miami). Mom says the wings were the BEST she's ever had... and that says a lot... we have a lot of good wing places around town - we just know that now we got drive an hour west across the Alley to get some good ones. Try the East/West sauce for the wings. Overall, very memorable... food was fresh and HOT... and the beers were ice COLD!
Great service!   Nice atmosphere!  Excellent raw oysters and steamed shrimp!   This place is great for everyone!   Adults, children, families, sports enthusiasts, etc. Christie, our server, was wonderful. This is our second time going here!   Cold beers!   Great kids menu!  Nice outdoor seating!  Beautiful servers!
This location has really cleaned up its act no longer earning the title of "Dirty Larrys". They have taken on more space and fully updated their outside patio. They have a decent happy hour options with good deals on food and drinks. I frequent here often because I live within walking distance and its convenient  to say the least. Service is bar side meaning you won't be waited on at a table but once you order from the bar they will bring your food out to your table. They have live entertainment and offer late night drinking specials regularly. Kudos to this location for cleaning up its act and offering a nice night life hang out in the uptown area.
Found this place by accident on 3/22 and looked like a good hole in the wall to have a bite to eat for lunch. Food was ok and beer was cold. If its service your after find another place. The three staff on duty couldn't care less if we were there not less the fact that they wanted to wait on us. Who puts signs everywhere that say "see the bartender for service". The place was dead except for a) a few locals sitting at the bar b) the 75 year old lady with bright died red hair and c) the local tattoo artist with the 17 nose piercings. THEY got all the service-or at least what service they had. I literally stood at the bar (by myself) watching the "bartenders" talk to each other and shuck oysters. I finally had to ask one of them if this is what they meant by ordering from the bartender. Larry- if you follow these reviews- fire the 3 employees and get some that want to do their job and will represent your establishment.
Dirty Larry on Pine Ridge rd. no more? A few months ago I was invited back for a revisit. Monday after happy hour was a little slow.  The outside bar has seats for 13. and 9-10 tables on the deck. They have propane patio heaters to cut the chill from the winds.  Staff seem happy here and are friendly. Even when busy. Inside they had a guitarist playing music. and patio had digital music.  The inside has gone through a renovation bathrooms had an update and in both smell and appearance.  For some reason the girls bathroom had an out of order please use other restroom sign on it for the past few weeks??.  Monday is also Mug night here. The take home mugs are $5.00 and $2.00 refill drafts.  The new side room  has more seating and bar space. Beer pong and other games.   So no more "Dirty Larry".   Is Original Larry's or Old Larry's a better name?
Suprisingly good food here! Great wings, (tho the Teriyaki wasn't delivered in our 3 flavor sampler... it had mild, we ordered Jerk, Hot & Teriyaki...) ...we were hungry & with friends from out of town, so ate like slobs & dug what we were served... Service was at best horrible, 3, THREE bartenders hovered around the computer screen trying to figure something out & the young girl finally broke free, walked by me, made eye-contact & kept walking outside to talk to her friends.... guy #1 (who seemed to be trying to do the work of the staff) came over & was cool & nice.... ... Back to order food & drinks again, girl still yapping & guy #2 just standing like a doof biting his nails off his elongated creepy-candy-man arms, same guy who took forever to split the tabs & not show me a tab I was paying for... just whateverish to give a crap that people are trying to give money to the buisness they work for... Once upon a time there was a great staff at this Larry's, that's long dead & deficated upon... the staff (front of house, the kitchen crew made great food, the bartending staff ) is horrible, guy #1 was great & deserves better, but the poor dude is surrounded by bush-league bull S#!t & that's NOT the house this hole was built on. Friends dug the fried shrimp  :-)    so there's that Live nearby, I will stick to South Street for my dive bars w/ good food & that's crazy
Fantastic!
Favorite local bar to frequent in town. I've been a regular at Larry's for a few years now and one reason I keep coming back is because of Claudia behind the bar - great service and great food every time!
The food was very good, the service was mediocre! We went on a Friday night, almost 11pm which is late for Naples.  There was a rock band playing....no servers.  So a bartender comes around from behind the bar to take your order so the food and drinks take long. The grouper was amazing!  Had it with black beans and white rice which being Cuban I was skeptical - they were awesome!! Overall nice place, the food was great and very fresh!! Cute fish shapped plates!
Restaurant is very dark and dirty. The outside sitting area is full of a cigar/smokey smell. They have an EXTREMELY annoying policy that you have to go up to the bar to order your meals. If you are a trucker you would love this restaurant. Although the atmosphere of the restaurant wasn't the best, the food on the other hand was delicious. The service is amazing and the food comes out very fast. The clam strips were golden brown and fried to perfection. The sprite is perfectly fizzy and it has that lovely McDonalds flavor. One of their newest items was the potstickers. They tasted really good and there was the perfect combination of flavors. Although the food here was really good, we found a shard of glass in one of the entrees. This place needs TONS of work on the atmosphere. Recommended WITHOUT kids
While vacationing in Naples, FL with my mother and grandmother, I slipped out for a pint or two. This place was close to where I was staying and I decided to drop in on a Saturday night, at an early hour (7:30pm or so). So, I liked the place, and the staff, but I'll try to be a bit more descriptive. It is in a strip mall (more or less at Pine Ridge and 41), and it looked small when I walked up. There is a very small patio with an outdoor bar - the bar was not yet open - and a few folks sitting outside. At first, I thought it might be geared toward 20-somethings, but when I entered, I saw a large horseshoe shaped bar that dominated the central part of the room. There were about 8-10 people sitting around the bar, in small groups, and the age range varied widely. I sat on one side of the bar, and scoped the place out. I initially saw two bartenders behind the bar, and was immediately approached by one of them who introduced himself as Brandon. I explained that I was visiting Naples, and even once worked in the service industry in Naples, but was way out of date with what was going on. He filled me in on the current state of Naples "night life" while getting my beer and tending to other customers. Very cool guy, and experienced bar tender. They had a beer bucket special going, so I was drinking domestic bottled beer - however, rather than get the whole bucket, I was drinking them one at a time (unsure I would stay long enough to drink 5 beers). Brandon offered to ring me up for each one, but change it to the bucket price if I stayed long enough to drink 5. Very nice gesture, I thought, as he could have said, "take your bucket and get the deal, or don't." Also behind the bar was Christy, and I spoke with her a bit about some of the other bars in town; she replied that Pelican Larry's was the only place to be (hey, what would you expect from the bartender?) but she did tell me a bit about some other places. Between Brandon and Christy, I had some pleasant conversation about the evolution and current state of Naples' bar scene, and I noticed that both Christy and Brandon would get my beers, so I thought that was nice that they both covered the bar and you didn't have to hassle with flagging down "your" bartender. As it got later, I was informed that it was "Ladies' Night" after 10pm, and I saw additional staff coming on. A third bartender and a barback appeared behind the main bar, and the patio bar was opened. The place is small, but they have just expanded. The main bar has a small back room with 2 barbox pool tables and some sort of sports viewing area with a bunch of flat screens. The new area essentially doubles the space, and was being used for a private birthday party, but will ultimately make for a large, spacious bar. There are a smattering of tables around the bar, and I saw a musician setting up for what looked like some live acoustic. The customers seemed to all be regulars, all know each other, and the ages varied widely. Even though I was an outsider, I felt like all it would take is to drink three or four nights in a row at the place, and you'd start to be welcomed. I left Pelican Larry's about 9:30pm. Overall, I liked the place and would definitely go back. The staff really made the experience a good one, and I am pleased to see the owners are investing in the place and expanding this location (they have other locations, too).   I only gave it 3 stars (A-OK) because I have not tried the food, so I cannot really give it a higher rating. If I go back, I will update my review.
I'll keep this one short as there's not much to say about this place... my giving three stars is rather generous, but it was easy to get there, the food and drinks are cheap and it's a casual, relaxed vibe despite the fact that the service isn't the best in the world. They serve an okay cheeseburger too. The fried shrimp is AWFUL. You have to go to the bar to order your food. Interesting concept. We were there on a Tuesday night and left around 10ish. It was pretty empty. DJ Rifik was supposed to get started at 10 and we saw a few people stroll in. Interesting scene. One of those places that you can't trust to be great, but you can trust just enough not to poison you.
Decent food and friendly atmosphere.  We were in town for vacation and went to Pelican Larrys for the Broncos game. Ordered two pitchers of domestic beer for the $12 special, which lasted us the whole game, casually drinking.  Fried mushroom appetizer was piping hot coming out, delicious, but only about the size of medium shrimps.  Ordered two dozen raw oysters over two hours (including a shift change in between) and the earlier round was noticeably more generously portioned (lots of tiny ones in the second plate and only 11 instead of a dozen, so watch out for that!). We also ordered a blackened mahi mahi over rice and beans, which was a recommendation by a few locals next to us, and it was really good. Also, props to the second shift for being totally cool with us staying for the whole game without any expectations (first shift had us check out before they swapped out).  We ordered more food later but never felt pestered or pressured about it.   In all, good atmosphere, good place to watch a game, very fresh raw bar, above average bar food.  Id come here every week if I were local!
If you want belligerent employees walking around the bar screaming out f-bombs about a basketball game and then becoming confrontational when you tell them to be quiet, this is the place! Decent bar food but spoiled by one disrespectful employee, who might be named Larry, who basically told us he would talk any way he wanted in front of us. Is that how you train your employees, Pelican Larry's?  don't take your kids or grandkids here if this guy is on the job, or at least bring a family size package of cotton to stuff in everyone's ears so maybe they won't hear this foul-mouth punk.
Solid local Naples hangout spot. It has been here a while. Play some pool and get some drinks. It is a good getaway from the somewhat redundant routine of 5th ave and Mercato bars.
Awesome place, fun atmosphere, cold beer, and great food.  We stopped while waiting to check into our hotel and liked it so much we went back later that night and the next day.  Great place to go right from the beach or a night on the town,   Hopefully we will be back in Naples soon and it will be a routine stop it is a must.
A good place to grab lunch or spend the night having fun. I enjoy trying their food for lunch or dinner and grabbing a beer. Their servers are very nice and usually pretty cute (needs to be mentioned). The place was once "Dirty Larry's" but has completely revamped it's atmosphere and is a great Naples hot spot. I work at a resort across the street and I will send people over there if they are looking for "casual", "sports bar" or "just a place to grab a beer". Overall, I couldn't really ask for too much more in a bar.
This place is pretty good, I would definitely go back
I'd would give zero stars if I could! I am amazed by how many rave reviews this place has received. I am a FL native and had dinner here with out of town friends. Mistake. The food was in my top 5 worst meals ever. My husband and I both had grouper sandwiches and they were beyond horrible. Mine tasted like it was double fried in rancid peanut oil and my husband's blackened grouper tasted like it was day old fish. Either the other reviewers who claim this establishment has the best grouper ever went on a really good day or they've never actually had good grouper. Aside from the food being terrible, the atmosphere was lousy, and the service was sloppy and non-existent. I wouldn't recommend this place to people without taste buds and would have rather set two twenty dollar bills on fire than paid this place forty dollars for crappy food. What a waste.
Returned here recently due to a Groupon. Were out of the special, but forgot to remove it from the list. Grilled chicken was greasy and fries were saturated in oil. Will not return to eat anything here.
Great hometown bar, but terrible service. Decent food, extremely loud music, and usually pretty crowded. Overall a must go to when your in town to see familiar faces.
The crab cake sandwich was big and fried. I didn''t notice lumps but it was good. My husband loved the wings. We will go back.
Visited this place while on vacation. I was in the mood for some good seafood and it seemed like a pretty casual place to go after hanging at the beach all day. The vibe? Well it was loud on this particular Friday evening. They were playing live music and we sat at the bar. It would've been cool except the music sucked. No wait, the music was actually good, the singer sucked. The party next to us kept cheering them on but of course they were pretty drunk so it was expected. If not for the bad  music we probably would've had dessert but couldn't wait to leave. Now, on to the food. We sat at the bar and the service was pretty good by all the bartenders always asking if we needed anything. We started with conch fritters (excellent btw!), grouper  sandwich (excellent as well) it came with fries and coleslaw although really it was the worst coleslaw I've ever had, very dry, no taste, bleh, take it off the plate please. Grouper reuben, also very very good, sadly also served with coleslaw. We did have to wait awhile for our check because the bartender originally serving us got too caught up flirting with some young girls on the other side of the bar. Would I recommend it? Sure, if you want a bar type vibe and some pretty good seafood. Maybe not on a Friday night though unless you want to get drunk and listen to bad music. I'd say this was more of a locals hang out. Age range was mid 20s-50s. This is not a place that has servers, you order what you want from the bar and they bring it to you which I'd imagine is not so great if you need small things like xtra tartar, another side of fries, refills on soda, etc. Which is why we sat at the bar-quicker service. I did like the food and I'd go back, but hopefully they refine their coleslaw recipe or take it off the menu for good.
Strange vibe going on @ Pelican Larry's - it wants to be a full-service sports bar, but it also wants to be a disco. We went to watch the Gators college football game. When we arrived, we got pretty much what we expected in that it was loud, with music blaring and people shouting to be heard over the noise. But when we asked that the music be turned down @ kick-off so everyone there to watch the game (and we mean everyone, judging by the virtual monopoly of people wearing Gator-themed apparel) could enjoy the home-state Gators - wrong! Even w/90% of available tv's - and there were several dozen around the room - tuned to the Gators, the music kept blaring. Indifferent, virtually non-existent servers were all huddled around a large screen tv inside the bar area trying themselves to hear the commentary and watch the game - at the expense of actually serving anyone. Do not go to this 'sports-bar' for sports, unless you enjoy sitting and shouting to your companions while mindlessly watching televise-sports action without actually hearing any commentary. We've been to hundreds and hundreds of sports-bars, and Pelican Larry is clearly a wannabe disco masquerading as a fan-friendly sports-themed venue - don't say I didn't warn you.
Well, first time at Pelican Larry's today... I moved into the area a few months ago and heard this was a local hangout. I came in for lunch and sat at the bar, had a burger-n-fries - It was pretty good... Beer selection? MEH. (Run of the mill domestic/import stuff. No craft beers). NOW LET'S TALK ABOUT THE SERVICE. There were two female bartenders on staff. I hope this isn't your "A" team. Ok, so it was a slow day and there were 5 other customers (total) in the whole place besides me. These 2 chicks couldn't have been more APATHETIC. In fact, I actually felt like I was interrupting their day. After I was done eating the 2nd bartender took my plate - didn't look at me - didn't ask me if I wanted anything else or cared for the check. I MIGHT be back to check out ladies night - I hear it's a pretty good crowd, but I won't be back for lunch or dinner. Too many other places that are friendlier and want my business. Sorry Larry - The first impression SUCKED.
