You don't have to be a cigar aficionado to enjoy this place, There's a great patio area. Great cigars and the drinks are reasonably priced. The staff is wonderful, and very knowledgable. Wherever you sit you'll be treated well. If you're looking for a great place to sit enjoying a drink Or two, I say stop by. The VIP service is wonderful, just make a reservation to guarantee your spot. No need to look no further for a place to enjoy your night in Naples.
My first trip to BURN was on New Years Eve 2010. A friend and I made quick a trip over here just to see what was happening. The place was full but it did not feel crowded. We didn't stay long, just long enough to enjoy a cigar, and two glasses of Glenlivet each. Long enough to know that I needed to come back to this place. Ever since then, No matter what we are doing, or what is planned. A trip to BURN is always on the itinerary whenever I am in Naples. I am a non-smoker but I do enjoy the aroma of sweet cigar smoke flowing through the air at BURN. When I say smoke don't get confused, you are not walking into a building with a billowing cloud of smoke hovering in the air preventing you from breathing as if you were at your local yokel watering hole. Burn is a very comfortable atmosphere where even your non-cigar loving buddies can accompany you for a few drinks. I have always experienced excellent service from the staff. During my visit last week I was being helped by who I think was the manager or head server and a trainee. I couldn't go five minutes without being asked if my wife and I were ok. Every bar/eatery at Mercato  has televisions. No establishment wants to lose patrons to another place because they didn't have the game on. I get it, keep up with your competitors. However I wasn't fond of the loud music playing at BURN on my recent visit. The music was louder than what I experienced when I was there on New Years. I understand TBM is next door, but keep BURN what it and not another night club. If I were to provide you with a list of my favorite five bars, BURN will be on that list. The ability to walk into an establishment and have a professional help you choose a cigar then immediately enjoying that cigar with your drink of choice makes BURN one of my favorite establishments.
I'm from New York, and the fact that you can smoke (never mind buy a quality cigar) in a bar is just TOTALLY foreign to me. Anyway, we were next door at The Blue Martini (another story altogether) and the guys decided to drop in for a stick and glass. We ran into our barmaid from the night before (or was it 2 nights before) who we had seen and talked to at TBM. They had some extra room at their table and I asked if we could share and they readily agreed. Now it gets dicey...a waitress shows up and we (4 people) ask for 1 beer and a menu to see the scotch and bourbon selection. As the ashes continue to grow, we are on the lookout for our waitress, but no luck here. Remember...1 beer and a menu. One of the guys goes to the bar, orders and gets 2 bourbons, the beer and a scotch and we sit and smoke and drink and talk. TEN minutes after that, she shows up, looks at our glasses and we say "NO THANKS". Great cigars, great atmosphere (pardon the pun) but crappy waitress service.
I have too much fun here.  Great staff & outstanding service.  Nice selection of scotch & a well stocked humidor.  Humidor also includes a pre-embargoed Cuban Cigar selection (legal Cuban cigars but, very old and very expensive).  The humidor and bar staff are well informed and highly knowledgable. Music & DJ's are always great. Just a fun place and great place to be... Even for non-smokers.
Simply outstanding. This was the perfect place to get a smoke. If you're on vacation and you come from a state where the anti smoking Nazis have banned cigar bars (Ohio) this is heaven. I have been to many bars around the nation and this is the best one. Happy hour has very reasonable alcohol and there is a great wine selection. The humidor has. Great selection and a knowledgable staff that may guide you in the right direction. The bartender and waitress were very accommodating and no request was unreasonable. I'm going back today!
I absolutely love this place. Great atmosphere, service and drinks! Can't wait for next time! ;)
Great spot! My boyfriend loves cigars and he was in heaven..Friendly staff..Melissa was a great bartender...friendly staff..will go back! Love the atmosphere!!!
This spot is so HOT, the cigars practically light themselves! Definitely the place to go for an ultra premium cigar experience!  Nice wine selection, walk in humidor with an ample selection of brands, in addition to all of Rocky's cigars. Favorite smoke: The Naples Reserve. Great vibe, cool, comfortable surroundings and friendly, knowledgable staff. A must if you're a cigar lover; great way to spend the afternoon or finish off an evening after a nice dinner at one of the many great restaurants in Naples.
Love the decor and overall look of the inside. I dearly wish Naples had good DJs that had sexy, sultry, groovy music. The Dj here was very rude to me brushing me off... He played cyndi lauper type of 80s crappy music. The worst! The door staff has always been friendly. It does have a meat market feel and sometimes people get a bit pompous for no real reason.. I suppose the only huge draw back is the filtration system for the smoke. It's outrageous how eye burning, lung killing smokey it is in there. It doesn't have to be so thick. I always order a Cafe Patron on the rocks and enjoy the atmosphere as much as I am able to
Nice chill cigar lounge Large and comfortable. Good selection of cigars and scotches. Music on some nights. Good after dinner at one of nearby restaurants in Mercato.
I ordered 3 bottles in VIP our host was very nice however another host was very rude and seems to make it her mission to have people leave if they aren't constantly buying bottles. I'm sorry but I'd like to enjoy my $100 bottle of wine. (The host who is very nice went to UCF can't remember her name). I'd recommend her if I could as the rest of the wait staff is cold and hungry for tips.
Good place for a date or just hanging out with friends. Classy, big, lots of comfy seating, including outdoor.  Not the usual boys club like many lounges, mix of easily identified gender (not like South beach, where I cannot tell what species they are)  and not everyone smokes, most go to the bar. Just watch your pocketbook, asked for water and they charged me $4 that was in a regular glass with ice, later in the bill said it was bottle water. Server should have either given me the bottle or tell me there was a charge.  Didn't complain, after all this is Mercato, so I couldn't act like a cheapo, even tho I am. Live quality music, if you sit outside you will be hearing music from Blue Martini next door, so be prepared. Rocky Patel owns this place and is usually here but today was in Cali. Not a fan of his smokes but def his place.
Great atmosphere lovely decor beautiful people good music .a real hotspot been there 3 times in the past 2wks excellent air filter system.
Outstanding place if you're a cigar aficionado.  Very wide selection.  Not a quite place as the music plays loud.  They also have live music at times.
I was walking around the Mercado, thinking about going into one of the noisy,  crazy bars and came along a traveling man's dream. . .a cigar store and great bar! Excellent bartender Charlie was friendly and let me try a few scotches before I settled for a Lagavulin Special Edition 12 yr old - nice smooth, peaty and limited edition.  Smoked an excellent Rocky Patel Maduro cigar that was reasonably priced.  The room was not too smoky - must have an excellent ventilation system.  And not too loud. The acoustic guitar was grand and the DJ later was OK. What more could a free man want? Nice long legged, big breasted waitresses, too. I'm in heaven and coming back for more!
Happy hour daily from 2-7PM, what?! Every Rocky Patel cigar in stock as well as Drew Estate Liga Privadas that are extremely hard to come by! Nice and unique selection of Vintage Cubans. Decor is absolutely phenomenal. I loved the lit marble bar counter. Servers were all pretty and serviceable. Everyone offered to cut and light my cigars. Overall a fantastic experience I am ready to relive every month! (Not more cause I'm down in Miami.)
Great atmosphere, and cool decor.  As soon as the waitress thinks your not going to buy another $150 bottle of wine, you may as well be a cigar butt in the ashtray to get them to come back.  For a high end cigar bar, the staff sure are snooty.  If this place was not in Naples, they might have problems staying busy.....
This is the standard for all Cigar Lounges!  Its as upscale as it gets.  The decor is awesome.  Best place to go to Naples, FL.  I make a point of stopping here anytime I am anywhere in SW FL.   The Humidor is something to see.   Come by, have a drink and a cigar
This is the ultimate in cigar lounges. They have a huge section of Rocky Patel cigar. If you visit Naples, Florida, then this is a must for the Cigar Aficionado.
We wanted a more chill atmosphere so ended up here, what a great decision! They have Johnny Walker Wednesdays where blue label is $18. Humidor attendant was super helpful since we are not knowledgeable about cigars. Music and service was great! We will return next time we are in town! Oh and cigar happy hour is everyday from 2-7. I think it's 20% off!
Great service and management. Perfect place to take business clients. The door guy A.J is the best. The Blanch Brussels ale on tap is incredible. Music volume is just right.
Wonderful experience. Beautiful location. Only thing I would change is the bar service. Other than that everyone was as nice as could be!
Had a blast, lots of new quality cigars to try.  Took my girl here for her birthday, service was good, atmosphere was great, we both had a lot of fun.
My firm has a box here. Great for client entertaining if they like cigars. If you like scotch and a great cigar in an old-school posh environment inside or out, stop by here and make a few hour commitment.
Ultra-Lounge. Best place to party in SWFL! Music is amazing, and atmosphere is classy!
What a great place to have a cold beer and a nice cigar. Five stars for sure.
Very happy with Burn, great place to hang out with friends, who don't mind cigars. Better and less cheesy crowd than its neighbor night club.
My boyfriend is a fan of cigars so this place was definitely fun for him. I enjoyed the seating and the waiters were friendly. The drinks were good and the music reflected the older crowd. Very nice decor and ambiance.
OK. They get an upgrade for rectifying another issue that came up. Lets just say don't  let your eyes off your drink or smokes.
Short skirts, pricey drinks and great people watching.  Be prepared for the smoke, but that's part of the ambience.  We visited on a Friday night which was definitely a younger crowd.  But, it was fun to check out the people, dance a little and smoke a stogie.  If you want a quiet place to talk and smoke a cigar, not the place on the weekend.
The atmosphere is cozy and eclectic and the music is usually a lot of fun and great to dance to.  They run an honest business which I am very thankful for.
Cool decor and chill ambience!
Great cigar selection, and happy hour deals are great on drinks. Didn't like the old smoke smell inside however, so the outside seating suited us better. Wait staff was subpar at best. Decor was very cool.
Visited Burn with my wife while in Naples a couple of weeks back. A mixture of couples inside and out that doesn't intimidate the wife as being a "guys place". Great selection of  cigars and cocktails. Sat out back under the heaters but were not needed. Quick access to the bar or wait staff and if your a people watcher doesn't get better than this. Plenty of short skirts for sure. Coming home smelling like an ashtray wasn't an issue. My wife had no issues going back before we left for a second visit.
Genre for rating: bars, cigar As far as cigar bars go, it does not get much better than Rockys. the happy hours are relaxing, and the after 10 pm crowd makes it one of the most lively spots in town. Superb selection of brews, cocktails, and wines, and of course cigars. Two downsides that may not affect most goers.  The first is the fact that they offer no food.  That is, there is no kitchen.  Seems like a big mistake from a business standpoint, but the ever friendly staff will gladly order you in food from any of the Mercato restaurants.  Just be prepared to wait a while, and for semi cool food when it arrives.  Second, being a regular I would have thought that putting together a small corporate event (during the day) would be both easy and cost effective to coordinate.  Neither were the case, as it was rather difficult to coordinate with the marketing specialist, and when I was finally quoted some rates, they were astronomical.  Especially for the quality of liquors and cigars suggested for the event.  So, I had to take the event elsewhere.  Overall, still a fantastic place to go for that smoke/drink necessity.
Went out last night to BURN one at BURN. Naples newest luxury cigar lounge. Very upscale. Professional and sharp dressed door men and hostess. Staff are very plesant and try to make small talk even though they were busy. The decorations were rich with a blend of metal wood and leather.  Plenty of large couches and cushy lounge chairs I expected to see strange Russian man with models and  a miniature giraffe. Patios along the side allows conversations as DJ turned it up to get a good mixture of young and even middle to older age people dancing. On the R side of entry is a walk in humidor  with a great selection of RP and other cigars as well. Priced between 8-12 a stick they have storage available for rent. They have a large wine list and full bar. I had a fun time and would like to return in the day time as this evening was packed for a Friday night. Warning this place gets smokey and you might want to pack a spray bottle of Febreez. I really enjoy cigars and I am glad that there are a few cigar friendly locations in town but ozonators would help,  even I had to step out to the patio for a little fresh air a few times. BTW 4 beers and a shot of Yägermeister came to $25 +5 tip, Two cigars 18 +2 tip.
great place...enough said..rocky, i will see you in july!!!!!
where the heck were all these places when I was in grad school on this coast damnit? prob better that was or else maybe I wouldn't have passed...anyway this place is super nice inside, pretty bar, strong drinks, was already buzzed from next doors wonder blue martini, dj played some good jams. nice people watching, didn't smoke a stog. next time
The photos fairly represent the lounge but I have to say I was disappointed that it wasn't as large as I thought it would be.  That said, it was a nicer cigar lounge than what I normally frequent, great decor, nicely compartmented sections for semi-privacy, etc.  The walk-in humidor was very good, as was the selection, but not what I'd call outstanding.  The fellow servicing the cigar sales was attentive, helpful and pleasant, not obtrusive.  Good.  After buying my cigar, I stood at the bar for about five minutes but no bartender appeared (although I noted that other bar-dwellers had been served).  As an experiment, I then sat in a section that had a sign indicating that the seats were reserved for cocktail service, but nobody asked if I needed or wanted anything during the entire 1.5 hours I was there smoking my cigar.  Not acceptable for any lounge but certainly not what I'd expect from a Rocky-Patel-branded eatablishment.  All the negatives notwithstanding, I rated Burn as high as I did because of the overall environment and the cigar salesman.  I'd probably give it another try, any establishment can have an off-day, but I'd probably not go too far out of my way to do it.
