I'm a new student at Shanti, but I have nothing but good things to say. Their unlimited monthly yoga pass is a steal for someone who plans to be there a lot (and I do, I have a lot of self-neglect to make up for!) The instructors are all remarkably down to earth, friendly people, and the neighborhood over by Sage is safe, clean, and gorgeous. It helps that the studio is walking distance from my house, so in the warmer months, the walk to and from class will be great. The studio itself is an open, clean space that's warm, dimly lit, soothing and inviting. The students come from every walk of life, so I didn't feel judged or awkward during class (which, as a plus-size gal, is often a concern for me!) And the best part about it, for me, is that the air smells faintly of Nag Champa, one of my favorite smells on earth. I'm looking forward to being a student at Shanti for some time. It's the best.
I spent a weekend in the Albany area and wanted to continue my daily practice and introduce a friend to yoga. I took two classes there.  The first was with my friend, who had never practiced yoga prior.  This was a Saturday morning slow flow class.  The instructor offered very limited correction and missed more than a few verbal cues as we worked through the asanas and my friend was very lost.   I went back alone on Sunday morning and Beate was the instructor.  She was a great teacher, although the class was a little slow and not as demanding as I had expected for a class that was described as being for those with yoga experience--there were obviously some people very new to yoga in attendance.  I'm not complaining though, it was a nice way to start the day and I left feeling open and centered. They had an adequate number of blocks, blankets, and straps for the students. The studio itself is very small, to have more than six students at a time would be almost impossible.  The temperature was kept at a very comfortable level.  I had no problem finding on street parking about two blocks away on both mornings.  I get back to the area fairly regularly and expect that I will return as a drop-in student in the future.  I wish that they had some cubbies or hooks in the hallway for personal belongings, it was dry out, but had it been wet I wouldn't have wanted to leave my mat bag and sweater on the floor mixed in with wet shoes/boots.
Im very new to yoga so going somewhere public is normally very intimidating for me. However I dont feel this way about shanti yoga. The teachers and new owner are very loving and welcoming. Overall it is a very beautiful place with beautiful spirited people to match!
Shanti Yoga studio is a wonderful place to practice, on all counts.  The neighborhood is safe and I walk home after evening classes.  The instructors are skillful, dedicated and attentive, representing a range of practice styles and levels.  Although I bring my own mat, high quality mats, blankets and other equipment are available.  The studio is "intimate", i.e. smallish.  Notwithstanding, I've always found people to be accommodating and I like the environment, which is quite pleasant.  Relative to some yoga studios in some NYC, Shanti Yoga is spacious! What tops it off as a great place to practice is the affordability.  Shanti Yoga has very fair and affordable pricing, with special class cards and discounts for students.  I wholeheartedly recommend Shanti Yoga and am very grateful to have this resource in my neighborhood.
