Great food and reasonable prices! All kinds of pasta dishes and sushi as well as some great florida food. They have gluten free pasta too, which is a major bonus! The lunch menu is a little more reasonably priced and they have happy hour options. This is also a locally owned place, so it is always a good choice!
Sushi and Italian?!?!? I was rather impressed - I ordered the Cajun pasta with shrimp, sausage, and chicken it was rather good - A friend ordered the all you can eat sushi for lunch - It looked good but the process of getting it is ridiculous... You cannot order more until you finish the one you are eating... that's ok but it shouldn't take 20 minutes to get the next roll. If that's the case they should let you order earlier. Service was super slow.
Check another place off the list, won't go back. Walked in, told the hostess 2 and a high chair. She asked if a booth was ok, I said as long as a high chair will be ok it's good. She said ok. Sat us at a booth and walked back with a booster. Wth? I said we need a table then. We need a high chair, not a booster. Oh. Then we sat at said table before we finally asked for our server. Ugh. She was apologetic and very attentive after that but nothing makes me more angry than sitting at a table for 10 minutes before I finally give up and ask for service. The food? Equally terrible. I ordered the chicken parm, hubby got veal parm. It took 30 minutes to get our food and our pasta was so overcooked and just plain mushy. It was so drenched in sauce. The bill? $65 and I promise you I won't go back. Just terrible. What a shame, it could be a great place.
One of the better places for an in and out lunch with reasonable prices. $9 lunches with good service? That's a couple dollars more than you would pay for McDonalds. The quality of the food is episodic. I've have great great lunches and so so lunches but lots of space. Not loud even when busy. This is a lunch review though- dinner and sushi are different story. Happy hour is good but the SMOKE! Close the windows! The smokers who camp out at the bar and blow smoke in the face and my fresh dry cleaned suit. That is why it's a lunch place and not a great happy hour place. If your 45-75 years old..... This is your place for happy hour. Nushi? ---- what a joke. Gross specimen of Naples and ft Myers trash spending their hourly wage on over priced watered down BS drinks   But redemption comes with a great lunch spot for business.
Its real chef cooking that brings me back. I can tell him/her to cook me a veggie gluten free plate of noodles and they do it right.  The menu itself isn't very vegetarian varied, but they are willing to accommodate so I am happy. Available Gluten free menu. Unlimited lunch sushi or pasta.
I enjoy the fact that you can special order pasta of your choosing, but think it would be wise to highlight that in the menu. Went for a veggie pasta dish but came out a bit disappointed. There's potential there but they aren't fully reaching it.
Let me first say that we've always been big fans of NOODLES, having enjoyed their food and service since moving to Naples in the 90's.  Although we moved an hour north in 2004, we do get back there several times per year and always manage to make our way to Noodles. That being said, we were there this past Saturday evening (4/12) and were wholly disappointed with our experience.  We arrived at 6:30 and expected to have a wait, but found the place only half occupied during our 90 minute stay.  Upon arrival we stood before the hostess for about 3+ minutes before she even looked up at us, this despite the fact that we were the only ones there and she was only organizing menus; we eventually looked at each other wondering why she wouldn't at very least acknowledged us, it became awkward. After finally being seated we had pretty prompt service from a waiter who seemed initially on the ball.  After serving us bread however he become quite distracted for the balance of our stay, only rarely checking in on us. So absent was he that we needed to have him paged by other service staff for drink refills, Parmesan cheese and ultimately to have our food reheated as it came out lukewarm; all this despite his having few tables.  This was clearly an off night for the staff at Noodles, neither our server nor the hostess (who watched us as we left) even said thank you for coming in.  Perhaps that's why the place was half empty during our time there; it was after all an in-season Saturday night.  All in all it was a very disappointing experience for us. ** Unrelated to the above, the decor is getting a bit tired as well.  The multicolor changing lights behind the side bar are distracting and not in keeping with what this place once was.
Love this place!  Food & service has always been excellent, whenever I am in Naples I make an effort to dine here.
Ugh! Back in the day when this joint was located behind the Hess station on Pine Ridge, this was a MUST GO-TO spot, when they opened in Bonita, it was great (despite one disgusting can't be discussed dinner... trust me, you don't want to know, the owner did fire & wig-split somebody over it to his credit, steam blew out that cat's ears!!) NOW in their current location, it went from the must-go-to place for family in town to ehhhhhh, the portions are smaller & prices higher, I swore the place off a few years ago... Pasta Bayou used to be my favorite dish ever, but I went the other night & it was nothing like it used to be... 2 pieces of sausage w/ sliced cheese (w/ rind) kinda thrown on top... not what I remembered at all... the Misses had the Chicken & Broccoli, between dinner & lunch the difference is a $7 upgrade & with that, the dinner gives you 2 extra chicken nuggets... well played, Noodles, well played. Feed-back from friends who have been here recently said the sushi was (sugar-coated) "forgettable & not the best", none of them said they would return & that made me want to come back & check out the food... (not the sushi, tho, Komoon is in the same plaza so anyone ordering sushi from Noodles doesn't know sushi or is nuts.) But, some things are left fondly remembered in my memories, it was a great place, now it's a place so close to home that I won't be going back to & that's a shame, still looking for great Italian fare in Naples, someting Noodles used to have...
It was early and after trying to dine at about four different restaurants we stumbled upon this restaurant. Most restaurant's here are open during lunch then close and do not reopen until after five. We had not eaten lunch and we wanted to get on the road back to Miami fairly early. First impression, Italian and Sushi, lol I looked at my husband and thought are you crazy! I read some reviews and thought you know let's give it a shot. Tired of driving around and hungry we made our decision. Very large inside, really liked the decor. Huge bar off to the side that was packed for their Happy Hour Specials. Cocktails, wine, beer and bites were all around  $5. The hostess took us to a really nice large booth that was a half circle and very comfy. We thought maybe it was a chain owned by a corporation but our lovely waitress told us it is owned by a local couple. It kind of reminded me of say maybe a "Carrabba's" but even nicer.  Very colorful artwork, fun and inviting. Our waitress "Monique" was this tiny french woman who had been working here since they opened six years ago. She was such a delight, so personable and friendly. When I inquired about a few dishes she gave me her honest opinion, which I really appreciated. Portobella Mushroom's and Brie for a starter which Monique suggested. Fresh Foccacia bread with a awesome dipping oil with seasoning. The mushrooms were sliced thin, thin slices of brie with red pepper slices and cloves of sauteed garlic. All of the flavor's combined were excellent. Great suggestion. Monique had about four other tables but she did not skip a beat, she kept our water glasses full, gave us happy hour pricing on cocktails and wine. Hubby ordered a cocktail that she recommended, it tasted like red grapefruit, so good. I chose to drink their house wine which was fine, a simple Montepulciano. The menu is fairly large with sushi, salads, soups, sandwiches, pasta dishes, chicken and seafood, and I believe even a few steak entree's. Hubby ordered Rigatoni Arrabiatta extra spicy and I chose a pasta dish with garlic and shrimp, it was very light with some grilled veggies. Both of our dishes were flavorful, cooked good, and we enjoyed our dinner. We both felt the food was above average, prices were very reasonable with dishes from $12, $15 for pasta entree's. From the lovely hostess, to our excellent waitress, and good food this place was by far better than what we expected. Service was the best! If I am in the area I would definitely come here again as we both enjoyed a very good meal in a beautiful restaurant with such superb service. Also, at night it looks like they have live entertainment and even a small dance floor. Late night menu, gluten free menu, senior menu, happy hour, huge selection. Thank you Monique and the lovely young hostess for making our dinner fabulous. Such a pleasure to get such awesome service and good reasonably priced food.
I have dined here twice for dinner.  The first time my husband I enjoyed it. Specifically we enjoyed the Lobster Martini sushi style appetizer. ( which is almost enough for dinner for two, our only semi-complaint was that the server let us order this, and then didn't utter a word when we also ordered two entrees, which we could barely touch) ( A Cajun style   pasta dish which my husband thought was so/so and a steak which was delicious, accompanied by overly cheesy mash potatoes) However, the Lobster Martini is a beautiful presentation and a fun thing to try. Which was why I brought my best pal there last Thurs night for dinner & drinks. We basically had an awful experience. Our server was horrible. Horrible, rude, and ignorant. We got there for reservations at 8:00 .  Were seated outside, though we preferred inside ( you see Noodles transforms into "Nooshi" at 10:00 and we couldn't be in the way or anything) So we sat outside on the patio overlooking the road. ( stunning). We ordered two martinis & the Lobster app to start. Our waiter took plenty of time to see to either, then kept trying to rush us into a meal. We waited until the app arrived to decide on the rest. The food was fine, but the service was unbelievable ( as in BAD). At one point we were being rained on and we never offered another table or help, we moved the table our selves, when I stopped someone to ask for  bread and maybe even another drink... ( as our waiter had left us for 20 mins, no waters, no drinks) I got the"YOU will have to ask YOUR waiter" . Nice. It was just embarrassing to take an out of town guest somewhere and have it be so disappointing. Additionally the Lobster martini looked little like the one my husband & I had tried previously. I think a combined rating for both experiences would be three stars, maybe do drinks and apps or the nightclub if you are into that. Otherwise there are definitely prettier, nicer restaurants in Naples with far better service.
Not very clean. Everything had a greasy feel to it. Definitely used hand sanitizer before eating. Our waitress didn't bring us bread or silverware or napkins. Food was okay, nothing special. Will not return here.
I was actually very impressed with Noodles.  I'd heard mixed reviews for years, and this was my first visit. A friend and I went for lunch on a weekday, and the server was very attentive and eager to give us suggestions.   I ended up ordering two sushi rolls:  a J.B. Roll (always a sucker for salmon) and the Sophia Roll (eel, avocado, and other goodness).  What really impressed me was the size of the rolls (specifically the size of the fish... very generous) and how carefully put together they were.  The presentation was really fantastic. My friend and I indulged and got a couple of cocktails ("It's Friday!" encouraged the waiter!).  ;)  My Noodles Sunset was really yummy, and the drinks also get two thumbs up for presentation! I'd definitely go again.
Went on a Thursday night. Great place to people watch or meet up with friends with a contemporary ambience. Well dressed crowd. This is a hangout for the 'big' kids... not the snot nosed brats that live with mom and dad wearing cheap hair extentions and discounted Ed Hardy tshirts. You have the large table of *ahem* 'older' gentlemen eyeballing the women dance alone for attention and groups of  ladies dressed in classy attire. $5 Martinis that were the best I've ever had. The waiter seemed bored and the food seems a bit pricey but I have yet to see if it is worth it. Live music is very talented but might get a little monotonous all night. I'll be back to try some of their appetizers and another martini!
I had just arrived to Naples that night on business and my coworker and I were looking for somewhere to eat. Not many places looked enticing coming from the airport to our hotels. The one place that looked kind of interesting was Noodles. It was a large and nice looking building. We walked in and some guy named Omar was singing all night. I guess its a regular gig for Omar to sing there on Sundays all night long. I really didn't know what to expect, I mean a place that serves sushi and Italian food does seem rather strange?!  Oh well we were already there so might as well eat, besides it was late also! I ordered he Noodles Fillet Mignon. It was pretty good. Not done medium well as I had asked, actually more or less it had been cooked well done! It was still pretty good though and the price was not bad. The second time I came to Noodles while on this 2 week long trip was for their nightlife/club. Thursday nights at Noodles was supposedly the place to be. The music was pretty good although most songs were not the current songs you hear. Did the DJ need to update his collection...I think so! The crowd was varied. It was either you saw very good looking well dressed people or older strange people. Not what you'd see at a club in San Diego. All in all I had fun people watching and laughing at the weird older people trying to be cool!
Something is amiss about this place and yet, I am a fan. Perhaps it hangs on borderline classy and has a more active bar crowd to change it's perception.  It was the 4th of July and it was dead in here. Discovered that happy hour is just not for the bar. We both had an espresso martini of sorts that was weak and brief. Our waiter, David was attentive and enthusiastic. Loaded with recommendations. I like this kid. He brought us some delicious fresh bread and we mixed our own ratio of olive oil to seasonings and It was eaten quickly with smiles. My wife ate earlier and settled for a salad with fried artichoke hearts in it. She shared and I was impressed. David suggested his favorite, Pasta Bayou with andouille sausage, blackened chicken, cappicola & red onions in a white wine sauce, finished with smoked mozzarella cheese and a hint of Cajun seasoning over house-made black pepper and cumin fettuccine. I thought the Cioppino  would be a great dish... fresh fish, gulf shrimp, calamari and mussels sautéed in a fennel plum tomato wine sauce, served over capellini pasta...Hmmmmmmmm... I blurted out, Lamb Shanks! It's two slow roasted with mixed vegetables in cabernet wine and natural pan juices over house-made fettuccine pasta... LOVED it but... I didn't get any of the veggies. I never questioned it. I wanted to re check the menu but simply discovered after the fact, online. The atmosphere of the place is upscale and cozy. The bar crowd seemed like regulars. They have a sushi bar that is a nice size. It is easy to navigate around the place. Plenty of outdoor seating to accommodate those waiting for the rains to subside. I will go back. And ask for David. And next time I will eat dessert... The choices were great!
When in Naples we always go here. The food is always fresh and the Tiramisu is excellent. Our waiter was very attentive and the bread was fresh. He took the time to explain specials and deserts on the menu.
I have been at this place 3 times until now. The first time when it first opened and it was basically fresh and not many people around. The second time was for drinks with a guest out of town. The third was for this past New Years. Now the funny part is that twice before New Years I had had a good time at Noodles. I mean I had been in good company the food had been alrite. On New Years there was this weird mix of crowd at Noodles. Some Latinos, some elders (wut???) and people around 20 yrs old. I dont even know how this happened? Me and my friends were a little dissapointed (to say the least) at the atmosphere. We had to get some drinks and fast since it was too late to get reservations to go  to other places.
I was with a friend tonight and we decided to visit Noodles for dinner after a little bit of shopping. My friend had never been, and I dined there last year for lunch. We walked in and were greeted by a sincerely enthusiastic hostess and she showed us to a nice, wide banquette. There was live music, and although it wasn't to my taste, I can see how the singer might be enjoyed by a crowd. I must say that as lively as the music was, it wasn't overly loud, and it was kinda cool to watch people dance to it. Now, their menu is a mix of Italian cuisine and sushi, but most everything we tried was pretty solid. I did want to try some of their sushi as it seems Naples doesn't have much to offer for sushi lovers. I order their sashimi appetizer and it was advertised as having Escolar (bravo for using the correct term!), salmon, tuna, and hamachi. And it was three broad-cut pieces of each fish, and visually it was a good looking plate. However, there was no hamachi- they had substituted snapper in its place. Now, sushi "snapper" is often just tilapia, and I'm not a fan of tilapia at all. I asked the server and he insisted that it was hamachi. Hamachi, by the way, doesn't have the cheap red-dyed edges. A few minutes later, the server pops by and gives me three slices of hamachi! It was explained to me that there was a menu typo.. Really? I totally felt like he was making stuff up, and that really bugged me. As far as the quality- I should have known not to have salmon in Florida- just a little too slick for freshness. The hamachi was really great, though, and the other two were obviously the frozen stuff. Nothing to write home about.. For entrees, my friend had spaghetti & meatballs, and although I didn't taste it, it looked good, although the meatballs were so large they could have been called "meatloaf." I had the lamb shanks, which was another huge portioned dish. I ordered the entree size and it came with two shanks.. It was served over fettucine with a too-watery sauce and braised vegetables. The flavors were OK, and the lamb was as tender as I could hope for, but the dish could have used a lot more seasoning. We shared a bottle of Reserva Ducale- a sangiovese-syrah blend that was decent, although their wine list is a cookie-cutter list with no thought put into it. No surprisesd there, lol! Aside from the particular incident with the snapper, service was friendly, though there were a lot of "helpful" suggestions freely given. Would I go again? Sure, but not with any great expectations...
Went for early dining deal which was nowhere to be seen on the menus presented. When we asked our waiter about it, he responded "oh, you want THAT menu?". This must have been the same server mentioned in other reviews. He obviously wanted to be anywhere else doing anything but waiting on tables. We waited a very long time for our food, pasta dishes that we enjoyed very much. The vocalist was very good and a nice touch. We didn't hang around too long though since suddenly our disinterested waiter made it crystal clear that he couldn't wait to get rid of us.
Sushi and Italian...Huh?  Neither were good.  The scene was hip and cool though, maybe good for drinks only.  Eat before arriving.
We've been before but our visit last night was disappointing.  I had sushi and it was awful...they drizzled it with a sauce equivalent to Catalina dressing which I've never seen at any sushi place before.  I sent it back and asked for it made without the sauce and it still wasn't good.  The fish looked good but had no taste - it was also ice cold so not sure if that was a factor.
Needed a place to go on Christmas Eve and saw Noodles was open. Looked ok on Yelp so made reservation. Wow were we surprised. Food was great. Waiter was great. Great time had by all. Recommend the Pasta Bayou.
Cool place to dance on a Saturday night if you like the whole "classy meat market" feel, Great food, great atmosphere.
Noodles & Sushi???  What a weird combination but truly unique! This is my favorite restaurant in Naples. I love sushi and their godzila roll is a meal in itself when they have it on the menu. I really let them have it when it is not on the menu and then I order the big daddy roll which is also to die for. Don't tell them I said that lol. My partner loves their Italian dishes and the specials are always tasty when recommended. Make sure you are hungry as the portions are very large! Cool atmosphere and large bar with dancing allows this place to have a very eclectic  clientele. Dining is about enjoying the company you are with, good food and drink. Relax and enjoy!
I am a long time fan of Noodles restaurant.  I was there for lunch today to take a girlfriend out for her belated birthday lunch.  Right now they are offering $5.99 lunch specials.  The service is usually very good and we always get a good meal.  One thing I WISH they would bring back is the bruschetta.  They used to have a unique bruschetta with peppers, onions and feta cheese that was THE MOST awesome I have ever had.
I've been going to Noodles for as long as I can remember whenever I visit Naples.  I started going when it was at the old location behind a Hess gas station.  Now in its newer location, it has gotten even better!  The atmosphere is pretty nice.  When it's not so hot and humid out, you can sit in the outdoor area and relax.  They even misting fans!  My favorite part of the meal is always the amazing bread and olive oil.  They have this really good focaccia and then they have herbs and spices in the olive oil you dip the bread in.  The chicken parmesan is good - but not huge like other places to the point where you can take half of it to go and get a second meal out of it.  The food usually comes pretty quick - even when they are busy.  The live music is a nice bonus.
Great drinks ,the food I 've had better.....
Service was mixed. Hostess was a total space cadet but our waitress was great. I think it was the French woman someone else mentioned. Food actually wasn't bad. I was kind of frightened to be honest when we first went here - I mean really - sushi and Italian?  The Italian wasn't too bad.  I had spaghetti with sausage and peppers.  Wife and son had some rolls and some eel sushi.  The rolls that I tasted were ok.  Not the best sushi I ever had, but it didn't send me to the hospital either.  The eel sushi was pretty bad though.  No sauce, wasn't really warm...  I would avoid that at all costs. In general, I wouldn't bother with this unless you're in-laws really really want to go there.
Very good food and drinks.  Pretty restaurant inside and outside.  I come here often.
Matt and Seth have had one of the best restaurants in town for ever. It is hard enough to find a good restaurant that can keep the quality and consistency for a few years, never mind 20 years!!  The Chicken and Artichoke Hearts is still my favorite with a side Salmon Skin Sushi Roll!!
Decent food and nightlife
We go to noodles all the time, I love the sushi there, I love the fact that have ladies night and I can order home made pasta that is not from a box. We had a great waiter name shawn at the restraunt. He understood my taste for what I call real pasta. On valentimes we went I got the lobster ravoli and my finance got the chicken parmian. I absolute love this place. I am an old school italian from the connecticut area and have gone to this place numerous times and would recommend it to not only young people but to seniors to. My finance does not like sushi so this place was also good because he can get the italian food while I get my raw fish. Good job to sushi. thai. The dress is casual. The food at dinner was reasonable I thought for a dinner in Naples. We were waited on as soon as we went to the restraunt and the meal came in a good time. You will not be unhappy and definetly try the homemade pasta...
Very good northern Italian restaurant. Food was great as were the appy's and dessert. Next time I'll try their sushi.
We had been leery about trying a place that claimed to be good at two very different foods...  The three star rating is an average.  I'd give it four stars for the pasta dishes - we were a fan of all the different pasta dishes we tried.  Savory sauces, tender meats and fish - all good.  The sushi is a two-star...at best.  I wouldn't order it again if I were to go back, though I might go back for the pasta.  The two stars is also for our waiter, who took a really long time to get to us to take our order and initially had an attitude that made us feel like our desire to eat was an inconvenience.  He was cheerier as he handed us the bill...   I don't know that we'll ever go back.  The pasta was good but I don't know that it was much better than say a Carrasbas...
