This is my favorite lunch spot in Naples!  They offer creative offerings on the flatbread menu but they will gladly add/subtract any item you wish. I can only speak on behalf of the flatbreads as that is the only thing my guests and I have ever ordered.  The flatbreads are that good!  We can't even look at any  other page in the menu because there are so many mouth watering fresh options on the flatbread list. Maybe, just maybe, I will venture away from the flatbread list and try a salad that looks delicious, or a wrap or panini, or soup, or....maybe I will stay in my little comfort zone, with my comfort food flatbread, and relax and enjoy all that life has to offer!
Really unimpressive.  I recommend anywhere else in Mercado.   Our server was terrible- zero menu knowledge, zero personality, and very low competency.   He forgot / got wrong at least 4-5 drinks / food orders through out our meal, and seemed inconvenienced every time some one asked for another beverage. They were also out of the first two drinks i tried to order (wine by the glass & bottled beer out of their bev list) and our Server wasn't sure if they had the third.  I decided to go with Heineken in hopes that i would finally just get something to put down my throat.  Also- i think they had some kind of happy hour or promo going, but I am not sure what it was & server definitely didnt' mention it. The food was acceptable in quantity and quality, although I thought the spinach dip was cold and watery and the trio dip was bland.   There are some interesting flavor combos on the flatbread menu, and that is the  best thing I have to say. Also- I found it to be irritatingly loud due to the open floor plan, cement floor, and strange club music in the background.  This was also made worse by the fact that the party of 12 next to us was half toddlers, so there was a day-care atmosphere going.   I usually don't give one star unless their is an unforgivable disaster during the meal, but I have moderate to high expectations for dining in Mercado, and this did not even come close.
I just tried their basilica flatbread and it was good. The chicken is just the plain diced type and the pesto is nothing outstanding, but everything together is a nice combo. The apple goat cheese bruschetta is very sweet. Wouldn't recommend it unless you're looking for that. We actually asked to have it exchanged and they were very nice about getting us a new dish. The spinach and artichoke dip was definitely better.
A very nice place. The menus is fairly extensive and the portions are huge. The best deal is to get a half-price appetizer as a main course.
Whenever you walk into a restaurant and smell the clogged grease trap from the kitchen, turn around and walk out. I wished we had. The fruit flies and the smell of bad beer were also hints that we should have left. After the manager pulled his hands out of his pockets and acknowledged us (sorry to interrupt the game), he told us to sit wherever we liked. Luckily, the restaurant was empty. The bartender, not a waitress, took our drink order and vanished. 20 minutes later, she reappeared and delivered drinks. She then vanished again for another. 20 minutes before we got to place our order. Bad went to worse when cold pizza and inedible wings appeared. No one cared to check back and we felt amazed that a business run so poorly continues to exist in the Mercato. We will NEVER return and my son says 'thank you' for the diarrhea. Epic fail.
Great food.   Happy hour runs 3p-7p with half-off beer and wine.  Tuesdays is Buy One Get One flatbread (which typically run $14-$18 or so).   Quality is great, and servings generous.
Awesome!! Delicious food, fast, efficient and very friendly service from Brittany. I absolutely suggest dining here. I will certainly be back. (Don't go to the other Naples Flat bread location. They're awful)
Had dinner here with my mom, daughter and grandson. The atmosphere is great and the food was delicious!! I recommend the Moonshine BBQ Salad and the El Mariachi Flatbread. The service was also amazing. Our server, Kaycee, was great. She was very attentive and knowledgable about all of the menu items.The manager, Justin, stopped at our table more than once to be sure everything was to our liking. We will definitely return as soon as possible!!
In the Mercato in Naples so that you can walk off the calories and wine buzz by window shopping and checking out the prevelance of rich old guys and their lemon tart younger companions. I shouldn't be so cynical Iam sure it's all True Love and Cupid in SW Florida has a sense of humour. Nice restaurant with outdoor seating, 1 order of flatbread is enough for 2 people. They have a lunch special with a smaller size flatbread and soup which is a better way to try the different toppings on the flatbread. Very good wine and beer selection and they don't kill you on the price.
Went for dinner. Service was good as was the good. Casual and reasonably prices for the area. Went at 6 and wine/beer were 1/2 price. Great deal. Patio on the side isn't as nice as front patio. Request front patio. Live music on the lawn across from the front of restaurant was nice.
I happened to visit Naples Flatbread & Wine Bar last Wednesday for a drink and caught their "Wine Down Wednesday" special.  Lucky me!!   I believe the deal was that anything with wine was half off.  They use wine in place of liquor for a lot of their cocktails, so in addition to their wines, a lot of their fruity drinks and ciders were part of the deal, too!  I had a Mango Margarita, and it was absolutely perfect.  I tasted my friend's Pink Flirtini, too, and it is a great option if you're in the mood for some bubbly! My friends and I started to have a little bit of a sweet craving, so we ordered dessert.  I don't remember exactly what it was called, but the chocolate dessert with peanut butter was incredible.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it! We swung by NFB before seeing a movie on Friday night, too, and they had Happy Hour starting at 9:00.  I think it was half price again, which is such a good deal. After doing a little research, I found the following list of specials on their Facebook page: WEEKLY SPECIALS Sunday - "Date Night" Monday - "Kids Eat Free" Tuesdays - "Two for Tuesday-BOGOHO" Wednesday - "Wine Down Wed" Thursday - "Half Priced Roasted Wings" Fri & Sat - "Live Entertainment"
Genre for rating: American, casual Wine bar is a stretch, but the flatbreads are quite good. Also above average are the salads, especially for lunch. Mercato has another wine bar opening soon, which will hopefully be a more pure vino option. Food: *** Service: *** Atmosphere: *** Best bet: go for lunch, I get the captiva salad
Nice place!  Lots of pizza options.  Pizza pretty good.  Good salad.  My husband had a sandwich and he liked it a lot. Not very busy. Happy hour goes to 7pm and 9pm-close every night.  Wine is beer is half price.  Super cheap!
Nice place. Essentially a grown up pizzaria with great wine value. Thankfully the wine was served in glassware, but the water and soft drinks were served in plastic. Service was attentive and polite. Food was good. No complaints. I think this place certainly benefits from It's location in the outdoor mall since The Pub several feet away was slammed with people.
Love this place. Consistently good service, nice selection of wines and beers for the unpretentious consumer, and good flatbreads with unusual topping combos. The price point is decent and they're always very accommodating. Also, I don't get the stank eye when I bring in my (well behaved, not loud) child - most of the servers are really nice to her and stop by to say hi. Love this place!
Had a great meal here on Monday night, 11/26. The only reason it is not 5 stars is because the chicken in the salad was a little over done.  Tha flatbread was awesome and the service was friendly and responsive
Great salads and gluten free pizza.  Went a second time and the restaurant staff seems a little disorganized, but all in all pretty decent food.
Terrible service! We were seated immediately but weren't even asked what we would like to drink for 10 minutes! There were 7 servers that I counted and one additional table who had to wait as long as we did. Don't go here!!
Service was a bit slow, but the food was excellent!
Wine bar = 2-3 stars.  Pizza place = 4-5 stars.  Always had a great time here and the pizzas are great.  But I would come here for just drinks.  Too many better places.
I have been a big fan of this place since it opened. Best flatbread selections and great menu! Thrilled to see you guys in Mercatto. A favorite of mine and hopefully yours!
