The best outdoor mall anywhere!  Even if you are just window shopping..... It's fun, and beautiful and there are so many pretty water fountains and art pieces.   All of the stores are great.
This is absolutely one of the most beautiful outdoor malls that I have ever seen. It also probably houses the most expensive array of shops in one location that I have ever seen, too.   These are all high-end designer stores, impeccably maintained and presented.  The walkways between the stores are easy to navigate, aesthetically pleasing, shaded, nicely marked with directional signs -- and positively stunning to the eye. My wallet, however, would not have survived the intense hit had I decided to indulge in any of the offerings here, even at locations where there was a "sale" going on. Oh so nice to look at . . . but impossible for the average teacher (like me) to afford.
Easily one of the most beautiful shopping centers in the country. Yeah, the shops are great, but it's the atmosphere that brings me back.  Waterfalls, plenty of benches and outdoor seating and a great place to spend a leisurely afternoon, whether you're engaging in retail therapy or not.
My daughter wanted to upgrade her phone.  She found Nate, one of the genius' at Apple and he was great with my 11 year old.  She quickly traded in her 4 for a 5s.  Nate made a very complicated process easy and fun.  I was impressed by the service we got from Nate.
Great shops, beautiful higher end shopping and restaurants, Nordstrom, Polo, Pottery Barn, Kate Spade just to name a few... I enjoyed the day very much worth the trip.. The area is just beautiful..
My future mother-in-law took me to Waterside Shops, and I was wowed.  It's an upscale, pricey outdoor shopping mall with relaxing aesthetics.   There are fountains literally everywhere you go, and it's not overcrowded like the outlet malls.  Moreover, the ground is paved with ceramic tiles, giving the place a very clean look! Most of the shops here are pretty high end, but there are also stores for the everyday person to shop at like Nordstrom, Loft, White House Black Market, Ann Taylor and Chico's.   Most of the shops have pretty good service, but I guess that's what you'd expect at a shopping mall like this!
High End shopping in a beautiful, well designed mall environment...super friendly shop keepers in every store...what else can a girl ask for?  I'm happy to tell you...A Better Restaurant selection is highly recommended to the mall's management team...
The shops are wonderful, great stores. Very disappointing with the hours of operation though. The websites and directories give false information about closing times. They close very early, sometimes before 7pm. Very disappointing to tourists wanting to shop and find something to do.
Tiffany, Anthropologie, Kate Spade, Nordstom, Gap, Gap Kids, Apple Store, Mac Makeup, Michael Kors, Luis Vuitton, Hermes, Tourneau and many more upscale shops.  Love shopping here.
Got dropped off to waste some time, had never been here before. Beautiful outdoor mall, that is clean and pristine. As I strolled around all I saw were older gentleman sitting on the park benches scattered throughout the paths while their significant others must have been shopping. Very upscale stores with the two wing store's being Saks Fifth and Nordstrom. The mall is really very pretty with some amazing store's to choose from. Great place to stroll around, get exercise or people watch. Yes, at one point I sat down on a bench to send an email and wow you see it all here. Money and more money. My favorite part was how nice everyone here is. Really as I walked around and shopped so many people would walk past and say hello, they were very friendly. If I had an unlimited bank account this is where I would come, great stores, beautiful, very friendly people, and great service. Check it out if you are in area, nice and refreshing from a typical indoor mall. Yes, I enjoyed my afternoon.
Eye candy.  Meandering lanes of shops with interesting window displays.  The French nailed it when they called window shopping, Leche Vitrine.  Literally, lick the windows.  One has to drool over Tiffany's jewels and Hermes' silk and leathers, while casually elegant shoppers wander in and out of the stores.  Aquamarine hued water features are focal points, with their glass columns of night lights seemingly auditioning for the Naples Museum of Art & Philharmonic a block away.   Waterside retailers put a lot of thought into staff here so that each store has a complete look and feel for what it's selling.  Apple is upbeat, young, and likely to have a few dreds mixed in with Jobs' literati.  Norstrom's cosmetic ladies are Hollywood ready and almost intimidating with a sprtiz or product brush at the ready.    I'll let you know what the Williams & Sonoma people are like if I ever get unglued from their sale tables..
Hardly any sale or clearance items. Beautiful outdoor mall.
A must romantic stroll without getting sand in your shoes. Beautiful outdoor mall, especially at night and Christmas. Serious shopping for the rich. A few stores and restaurants are affordable to commoners like me. Good place to pretend you have the dough if you are into that. Best part is no pack of teen and tweens hanging around.
It's a very nice and expensive shops.  I think the sales people make commission because they pressure you to buy and go through extremes to follow and not let you really think about what you might want or afford.  Personally, I like to left alone, not bugged.  Some shops I would of bought but was so pested it drove me out.  Come people, how am I doing every few minutes makes me crazy. Let people shop!!!!   I am sure that turns people away.  This one lady just kept up with one purse after another until I just could not take it.
High end (in typical Florida fashion) outdoor mall.  Nice slate walkways and fountains throughout.  Stores include Nordstrom, Saks, Tiffany, Cache, Hermes, St. John, JCrew.... Walking around on a weekend day during the holiday season there people about, some shopping, some walking, some just eating.  It was nice since it wasn't overly crowded with packs of people walking into you.
Good place to stroll around and maybe grab ice cream or starbucks while window shopping. Have a good selection of upscale shops as well as Anthropologie, JCrew and a few slightly more affordable things. Some great restaurants as well! I just wish they hadn't done all the remodeling they have. The fountains look great, but there were so many beautiful tree before, it was much more naturally beautiful!
Hello best Saks in Florida. Amazing! Customer service top notch. Didn't have my size? Ok ship for free. Great, as always. Selection was fab!
Beautiful outside mall, many high end shops, but also moderately priced shops. Even just window shopping is a pleasure in this mall!
Really pretty shopping center, a few normal, then mostly  super  upscale shops, Enjoyable  restaurants. Fun to just walk around, not fun to park. The hours of operation are the major drawback. Closing the shops at 7:00 pm is ridiculous, especially in season. All these people walking around while they are on a wait for tables, or just to see how beautiful the area is at night with the lights & the fountains...and no shopping to be had. That is my only complaint, ( well that & I can barely afford to look here.....)otherwise really enjoy the venue. watersideshops.net/direc…
Beautiful, upscale, clean, outdoor mall right near the beach. A great example of Florida shopping and living. Do not go here looking for a sale though. Oh yes, expect to pay the price for your LV bag or Cartier bracelet! There is always a calm vibe here and great customer service in each store you walk into. There are a few restaurants and ice cream shops to choose from. They also hold outdoor live musical events. This place is just as beautiful at night!
One of my favorite places to go shopping! Plenty of great upscale stores, a few middle of the road stores sprinkled in, and even speciatly stores (e.g., J.Crew by the Beach). Even if you don't have dough to blow, this is a great place to walk around and window shop (lots of diamonds!) or even cool off by the glass-tiled fountain. Highly recommended.
The Waterside Shops at Pelican's Bay are what every shopping centre should strive to be. Every store has the best layout, some of the best customer service (I liked the Florida Mall's Nordstrom a bit more for customer service), and the best design. Let's start by talking about how freaking cool this mall's design is. It spews modern luxury. With the Window Dressing, the nice (out door) "hallways" with beautiful palm trees, and the intricate water ways. It all comes together to make such a nice shopping experience that you wouldn't even think you were really in the middle of a mall. Not to mention, when we went, there didn't seem to be very many people. Meaning it was very quiet. Awesome! Now, onto the customer service. Our first stop was Brooks Brothers (since that was the first thing we came upon... basically...) The store was clean and very nice. I've been in a Brooks Brothers before (the one at the Mall at Millenia in Orlando) but I don't remember it being this large. Either way, that's beside the point. We are talking about the customer service. So, what did I think of it? Well, the people were nice. They made sure we knew a sale was going (sweet!) and they didn't really bother us past that, other than a nice "Hello, welcome to Brooks Brothers!" and, "Have a great day!" After that, we experienced the same great service. Everyone was happy and smiling, helpful, and far from dreading their jobs. One lady at Anthropology was actually extremely helpful. She recommended the Mercado for extra shopping and dining (which we visited later that day. My review for Seasons 52 will be made after this!) and told us about a Spa in the Hyatt Resort near/in Coconut Pointe. (My mom was asking about any Spa's near the area.) Overall, it was just splendid! As I said, everyone did their jobs well. Last but not least, the stores! After all, that -is- the backbone of any great mall. And this one had quite the strong backbone, if you will. There was the high-high end like Burberry (best high end fashion store, seriously!), Salvatore Ferragamo, Gucci etc. Then there were the mid to high level fashion like Anthropology, Ralph Lauren, Banana Republic/Gap, etc. Then you had eateries/restaurants like Brio, Starbucks (they make a tasty Iced Cafe Mocha!), California Pizza Kitchen, and a few more.  Quite a great selection. Maybe not the biggest in the world, well definitely not the biggest, but one of the most high quality selections I've seen. There were absolutely no dumpy places.   Overall, if you are in the Naples area and want to shop in a very nice place, stop here. Don't even second guess it. P.S. Almost forgot to mention the department stores. Well, there are two. Saks Fifth and Nordstrom. Didn't get to Saks, but Nordstrom was nice. Maybe on the small side (compared to our awesome one at the Florida Mall in Orlando) but it still worked well and it was very nicely furnished.
I wanted to come during our stay in Naples to visit the Kate Spade store. Well, the store was closed for renovations. No worries - that's just a reason for me to visit again! I love the outside mall concept and many of my favorite stores are located here. It wasn't my intention to leave with lots of stuff, but I couldn't resist!
oh you fancy huh? upscale outdoor mall with all your fancy ass stores. LV Hermes, you name it and you can buy it, on sugar daddy's credit card of course!
Almost every store here is expensive, but it's great to walk around here.  Even if it's raining you won't get to wet because you are mostly covered.  One of the nicest out shopping areas I've ever been to.  And the best part, there's an Apple Store!
Beautiful mall to walk around. It reminds me of The Falls in Miami, but on steroids. Everything is far too expensive for me to buy though. I was able to afford lunch at CPK though.
Even if you can't afford it, deffinetly check it out. There has been major addition to the shops with the new garage and other retailers. Not that it didn't look like heaven before but now its super heavenly. :D All the great brand names are here all within reach in a very upscale setting.
Pretty place !! Pools are so relaxing & cooling especially on a hot summer day! Stores are excellent .. If your a millionaire lol! Loved it !
Hello, gorgeous! High end! Outdoors! Eye candy! what's not to love?! If you have expensive taste and some money to drop, you should definitely stop by. They have all of the high end shops and great restaurants. This place is a treat!
Nice job on this set of shops. Great scenery, and I'm looking forward to seeing this place at night.
Very nice architectural design of the entire center. we ended up buying cheap earrings and a bracelet in Tiffany's and they kept the store open late just for us. the bathrooms are beautiful.
I have to say I liked the Waterside Shops before the huge renovations, but the newly expanded version works too! Waterside has upped the ante by adding Hermes, Tiffany's and Gucci to a host other high scale retailers. Plans for an expanded Saks and a new Nordstrom are also in the works. If  the designer stores aren't for you- rest assured, you'll find a J.Crew, Anthropologie, Gap, Calypso (ok, a bit on the high end for this list), Anne Taylor and more. The restaurants- CPK, Bricktops, Silver Spoon and Brio are also a great way to spend your night after a long day of shopping at Waterside.
One of "the" places to shop in Naples, without a doubt. Other reviewers hit the nail on the head re: the high end retailers, but I will add that I appreciate valet parking (near Brio and Bricktops restaurants). Beautiful ambience, and a fun place to browse with visitors. If you plan to buy, my experience is that service is very good (Saks, Soma, Williams Sonoma, and Anthropologie stand out in my mind....). Fun place to spend an afternoon or early evening. Be aware that stores close on the early side!
On the pricey side, but definitely a nice place to walk around and kill some time. The ponds are nice and they do a good job with the Christmas decorations.
I love this place, even though its on the high end. The ambiance is great, shops are wonderful with brands like Anthropologie, Pottery Barn, Louis Vuitton,   Loft, etc. There is also a great selection of restaurants.
Oh so pleasant to walk around, lots of shops and restaurants. Love it!
