Love it. So cute and somewhat hidden. A little playground for kids and a small trail to walk/run on.
I recently discovered this little gem while driving around. This place is discreetly tucked away in a small suburban neighborhood. Good place for a quick jog, take the dog for a walk. There is also a little playground area for the kids, and some benches if you want to sit down and eat some picnic food =) I like this place because its hidden away from the more crowded and congested areas of Albany. The lake itself is small but so peaceful. You can see ducks and geese, and there are also lots of muskrat holes in the grass as you approach the water. Oh yeah, and you can also fish here as well.
I was in Albany back in August 2012, going through Yelp trying to find something fun to check out so I wouldn't be dragged to the mall (my friend's idea of sightseeing). I jotted down Buckingham Lake Park due to the positive reviews. When we parked in front of the playground, I thought, "I know the reviewers said it's a small park but ... is this a neighborhood park??" My friend and I hesitantly set out to explore, walking the trail that looped around the park. Heeding Daniel's words, we steered clear of the ducks hanging out on the edge of the lake. We saw people reading, knitting, jogging, laying out on the grass, taking a late afternoon stroll, and a father and daughter riding alongside each other on bikes. It became clear everyone at the park lived in the area and it was indeed a neighborhood park. We were the only tourists taking pictures of the park from various angles. We quickly fell in love with this peaceful, quaint park and decided the next time we returned, we would picnic on the grass. The lake had what looked like three fountains shooting out streams of water from the center of the lake. It was a wonderful sight, especially so with the sun starting to set.
You know what's terrifying?   The warning signs about thin ice in winter.  They show a stick figure person in the middle of a jagged hole, clutching the thin ice. [shudder] And yet, you still see people out there on the ice despite the signs.  More power to them.   But even in the winter, this is a lovely park.  In the spring, you can watch as the ducklings hatch.  And then you can watch their numbers dwindle in the weeks to come.  Snapping turtles have to eat too, you know.  In the summer, there are plenty of trees to provide shade, and in the fall, of course they are beautiful. I am pretty sure the park is within the eruv of the orthodox synagogue.  On Saturday evenings during the more temperate seasons, the playground area is full of families awaiting the end of Shabbat.  It's really the only time I see a bunch of kids out there playing.   Oh, and really it's more like a pond than a lake.  And I wouldn't want to swim in it.  But it's pretty to look at. And seriously... don't feed the ducks.
This is a great place to be all year.  I grew up around the "duck pond."  I hang out there a few times a week.  Sometimes I go and meet friends, any time of day.  I have walked dogs there, I bring the kids I babysit there, I've even gone to a picnic table and listened to music alone or done some homework.   It's just a nice place to be.  There is a playground and a walking path around the entire thing so you can walk, run, or ride your bike, whatever tickles your fancy.  If you ever need a break from the "craze" of the city of Albany, Buckingham is a cool place to hang out.
