I eat here more than shop here, usually at Sarku Japan, great deal, fresh hibachi cooked while you watch. Just put in a carousel at the food court,  only $2 a ride. There is also a small play area in the other end of the court, tho often filled with bigger kids than allowed and their lazy parents on cell phones happy for a free sitter. Cute table and chairs for small kids to sit and eat too. Mall has all the stores you need, good escape from rain or hot humid summers. COOL: There is a self standing cotton candy machine, one day I will not be able to resist! yummmm TIP: If you are poor but hungry, just come around meal times and walk around eating all the samples! haha then go to Costco for round 2 !
The moment I walked into this mall I was reminded of the Florida Mall at home. Although, of course, on a much smaller scale. Really, though, I think this mall is The Florida Mall's little brother! Much of the flooring, furniture, and overall design of this mall reminds me of it. The only two things separating Coastland Center and the Florida Mall is lighting and scale. (And location, of course. But I think that's kind of obvious.) The lighting in this mall seems much more dim. And not a sketchy/scummy dim, but a nice dim. The type of dim that makes a place look nicer, more intimate. (If you could call a mall intimate.) Now, enough rambling about the design/etc. of the mall. Let's get onto the stores. Well, the stores were okay. They had an alright selection. Definitely not as upscale and interesting as the Waterside Shops, but alright. The four Anchors are Macy's (kind of old and meh looking, really.), JCP (looked nice from looking onto it. I didn't actually go in.), Dillards, and Sears. Not a bad Anchor selection, but not thrilling either. Also, the Food Court seemed alright. They had an Auntie Anne's (so freaking good!), DQ, and a Chick-Fil-A from what I could see. So not horrible by any means. Overall, the Mall is average/a little above average. It's nice if you want to stop by for a little while, but nothing that you'll want to stay in and adventure thru.
Oh Coastland mall... I'm a fan but some thing's you have to accept as change too many cool stores that had to leave because of the rate to stay in business. I'm torn by the parking situation and need to value my time not wasting it mindlessly wandering around not sure what to buy. 20 years ago I always wanted to open a place in the food court but never really was worried about competition the franchise would be a good fit but the development would need investors and the lease rates were incredibly high. The shells at the end were in need of complete build ins from foundation including exterior profiles. The cost for a small franchise would have needed corporate funding. It can always be a dream.   I wish them luck as I rarely really have a reason to go here to join the madness of mall rats, soccer moms, saber toothed cougars, goofy hipster wannabes, Mall walkers, teenie boppers.  Baby carriage ramming mamas. And slow poke seniors who are lost. Trying to find how to get to the Kmart. PS  I usually tell them to take the elevator to the third level.
Clean mall on the interior, with several mediocre to upscale stores. It does have a mixed range of department stores from the bottom of the barrel "Sears" to the upper end of the spectrum with "Macy's". Yankee Candle, Express, etc...
A very clean mall with all the typical major mall stores (Macy's, Victoria's Secret, Abercrombie, etc.) you'd find anywhere. I was also surprised to see a PacSun, Hollister and a Hot Topic since the mall is in Naples. And let's face it, Naples is synonomous with seniors and on-the-golf-course living. The mall even has a small sports memorabilia store. The mall has a parking deck which is very convenient.
This mall is small with not much of clothing selection. I've seen a lot of great stores come and go. Customer service varies from each store. Renovations to expand and add restaurants/shops was great if they actually stood in business long enough. The cleanliness of this mall has declined in the last year. We saw dirty bathrooms with food and toilet paper on the floor. The food court gets loud and busy during lunch hour and the food selection is... okay. I wish they had a salad/wrap place though or more of a healthier selection of food. But what really turned me off was to the huge roaches we saw in the food court. I almost died!  Ughh!!!
Lots of stores and really long and narrow.  You get a good workout walking from one end to the other.  The stores tend to be typical mall stores.  The higher end anchor stores are Macy's and Dillard's.   The food court is extremely loud, even in the middle of the day during the week.
This is a nice middle of the line mall in the Naples, FL area. It's not the upscale mall but it's got your basics: Macy's, a food court (complete with Chick-fil-A!), shoe shops, jewelers, even a nail salon. Even a pet store with puppies! My favorite part? The Flip Flop Shop. Oh yes, Chicagoland friends, they have stand-alone flippy floppy shops down in Florida. Oh, how I miss it so... We stopped in on a rainy day in Naples - not realizing that everyone else had the same idea. That was ok, though, we were ready to tear apart Forever 21 like it was our job! We each found a few cute finds. Overall your pretty basic mall. But it just felt fabulous because we were in paradise.
Coastland Center is your typical mall.  I liked the food court.  Food courts are always good when you have to feed several people cheap!  Spent about $20 for 4 people for lunch!
Honestly, you can't go wrong here! I'm from Miami, so I know where to shop. People in the stores are awesome. Sales associates are very helpful--it's like a different level of people compared to Miami people. People are laidback and want to actually help you if you're lost or need help. Keep in mind, if you look mix--like I do--you'll get a lot of stares!
For being the closest mall in naples its pretty good.  My only concern is I think they closed NY & Company!!!!  Its the reason I gave it a 4 instead a 5!!!!
Good mall with a decent amount of stores!
