Spent an enjoyable couple of hours perusing this flea market.  Lots to look at. Not much struck my fancy. A sea of cheap wallets and sunglasses started to bore me until I found the Himalayan salt lady. She provided me with a bunch of literature regarding the health properties of Himalayan salt.  She gave me a few samples for free and demonstrated its use. Going back for a salt lamp. 50 bucks is pretty reasonable considering the uniqueness of each lamp and it's health benefits. Check it out! I love holistic stuff like this!!!
That place was a dive! $173,000.00 for a ring! Honey, this isn't Harry Winston, this place doesn't even have properly functioning AC. Thank goodness they didn't charge admission, we would have been mad. Overall, everything was overpriced. Just keep on driving.
Slogan tees Junk Jewelry Cheap cosmetics and perfume stalks Junk shop stuff Yard ornaments Belts sunglasses luggage Food stalls - funnel cake mini donuts hot dogs beer Booth barkers - Spine doctors/ teeth whitening / massage As seen on TV stuff booth Wigs Flame rocks Gold jewelry
Great little indoor/outdoor flea market right off I-75 in Bonita Springs (not too far from North Naples!).  A little crowded with vendors, many of which seem to get their wares in bulk from the same place but it is the more unique offerings which make this place stand out. The food we've had here has been delicious (especially those mini donuts at JT's Pizzeria!). Grabbed a great cup of coffee (okay it was a Vanilla Frappe...) as I rounded the corner into the back, "blue" area of the flea market.  Some of the produce out front at one of the vendors was a little pricey (especially compared to the prices at the 3rd Street South Farmers Market and the one on Marco Island) but there were a few produce vendors there and we didn't make it to all of them.  Great music on the weekends - we heard a wonderful Bluegrass band there last Sunday.  Great prices on fruit trees at the landscaper outside, and I have found some of the most comfortable dresses I have ever worn over at Krill in the back of the market. Beware of people at kiosks who act like they're at a kiosk in a regular mall - they'll sometimes grab you and stop you to listen to their spiel.  The best experiences I've had however is just popping in and randomly chatting up the owners and workers at the little shops.  What a cute idea, and we are seriously considering opening up a location there for our little mom & pop (prices are extremely reasonable for those who wish to open a store there). Great way to pass the time on a Friday, Saturday or Sunday afternoon, grab a bite with friends, and patronize some local businesses.
Not a bad flea market....not a super flea market.  Not sure if it was due to it being located in Florida, but there were a lot of booths with really high priced items...  I guess I just always picture fleas at the flea markets...haha...So I don't really imagine I'll be heading in and buying something extravagant...  We did find out from one of the booth owners that rent was a staggering $2900 a month, so that could be the reason for some of the higher end things.  I was able to score a few tchotchkes - which is why I like flea markets to begin with.  I'd go back, I did see a couple of things I wanted to look at in more detail.  Check them out!
This Flea Market is super cool!  You can get beers throughout and drink while you shop.  I recommend the place with the patio outside. Good deals.  Normal flea market items as you would expect.  If staying in the Fort Myers area, it's worth giving this place a try.  It's not touristy.  Lots of locals.  The place has heart.
28 new shops open for this season.  They include a few specialists in rugs, kitchen remodels, cabinetry - and I love this:  one realtor with his own stall.  Well, why not?!  I know a big time Calif attorney who set up in the San Jose flea market when he was fresh out of law school, and as they say, You Should See (Him) Now. There's a kitchen supply vendor on the northwest side that has great pricing, and substantial inventory for the culinary tool drawer. Down farther on that long aisle, there's a specialty food store with a lock on barilla pasta and jarred things like Florida honey and California fig jam. The food vendors are a fast and furious bunch.  Look for the food people clustered at the end of the aisles.  The chile shop people nearest Bonita Beach Rd operate an air charter during the rest of the work week.  (Resist anatomical jokes here, reader)  And at the other end, (here too) there is a Chicago dude with a spiffy place to have a Chicago dog and a cold beer. Last but not least, it's a great place for luggage.  Ever since the airlines started industrial compression of anything going into the holds of those jets, and a seemingly consistent policy of leaving the same checked items on the open tarmac anytime it rains - I resolved to never again buy expensive luggage.  My favorite is a faux steel, heavy-duty vinyl, 13" rollaboard with swivel wheels, for $50.
Flamingo island, going to keep you smiling,...treasures for the whole family...Its burnt into my head. Very catchy and contagious.   They have a good variety of stuff here to interest every person my only complaint is it's only open on the weekends. So expect a mob of idiots from all around. I'm guessing the venders like it because it appears to be a feeding frenzie like shark week in Bonita Springs.  They have mini dough nuts from an automatic machine. To fish, jewelry, auto detailing, clothes, shoes, hats, sporting goods, collectibles,  tools,  And good deals at the farmers market just outside.
So many interesting things here and great food. Joeys is delicious and they are so nice!
This place is pretty organized. The typical types of Flea market stuff is there housewares, clothes, jewelry, not too much furniture. They also have toys, souvenirs, cell phone stuff. Like a usual flea market, they probably have it. I did find what I need which was a case for my cell phone so all was good in my world.
Small place, basically 2 rows, that are pretty long. You will see many of the same items in the shops. wallet, makeup, cleaning supplies, as seen on tv. Didn't see any tables that weren't full time sellers. Some cheap tools made in china there, thats about all I was interested in.
Just a couple of buildings with a bunch of shops you see in the middle of any mall in America.  Prices are not any better on items even in S. Florida.
The only good thing about this place is the bar out back! ;)
Great place to visit! My kids loved looking at all the goodies. Our favorite place is Made to Bake in the red aisle! They sell the most delicious baked goods, their cupcakes are to die for and reasonably priced. The Boston Cream & Pineapple Coconut are our favorite, but they are all amazing. Don't leave the market without stopping by.
Very nice air conditioned/covered flea market - more like an open air mall.  Prices are good and the business owners are really helpful - not at all like any mall in middle America - you actually deal with the owner, in my experiences.  Fun for the day or just an afternoon.  Golf, Fishing, Hardware, Kitchen Stuff, Coins, and lots of stuff for ladies, good & cheap ice cold beer - Sounds good to me!
