Absolutely beautiful beach! Not too busy, very clean, no trash, and we saw lots of wild life (e.g. starfish, fish, sea turtles nests, and gopher turtles).You have to pay $8 to park you car. It's kind of weird in the sense you have to drive through this really fancy neighborhood to get to the beach, but it allows you to ooh and ahh at the richy rich side of Naples. A guard at the entrance explained where to go as we weren't sure if we were in the right area. We saw many gopher turtles munching on vegetation on the sides of the road. It was a great afternoon at the beach.
Really beautiful beach. Lots of shells everywhere! Which is why the name barefoot is a little ironic, because you really shouldn't walk barefoot on the beach! We went in late march and the weather was good, a little windy. But that brought out the windsurfers which was fun to watch. This beach also has good bath and shower facilities.
Nice beach, but we went right before sunset and got devoured by sand flies. Couldn't stay very long. The beach was clean. Will be back.
One of the best beaches that I have encountered on the Florida Gulf coast. It's more crowded than I remember it years ago . . . but it's still a wonderfully maintained and very pretty beach.  Lots of shells to explore and a long, long beach to walk along and just listen to the water, the waves and look to see if you can spot a dolphin swimming by. Parking is $8 per car per day (which I personally think is a tad expensive) unless you have a county beach pass sticker/tag on your vehicle. Lots of wildlife in the area, and it is a very quiet beach.  Come here if you want to walk  or swim, but make sure to bring your sunscreen.  Without realizing it, you'll get pretty toasty in an hour! Word of advice, though, from someone who's been here often for many years:  watch the tide reports, as this part of the Gulf is effected by weather conditions north of it.  Florida experienced quite a bit of rain in the last several weeks, which resulted in excess water in Lake Okeechobee; water was released from the lake which flowed down the Caloosahatchee River (empties into the Gulf right around Sanibel Island) and down south towards Barefoot Beach.  This caused a bloom of red tide, so the water was laden with red seaweed today, making it absolutely impossible to swim.  While I know this is a beautiful beach, this red seaweed will not be gone for a bit of time, which obviously impacts anyone's enjoyment of this particular "paradise."  We should have checked the news reports, as this has happened before.  It's nature.
Great beach. Parking is $8 cash only. Lots of wildlife to see. We came across multiple turtles which were really cool. Easy access to bathrooms. Nice alternative to the hectic, busier Bonita Beach nearby.
He said: OMG, the place is amazing.  Go.... Just Go...  live starfish, live crabs, live SAND DOLLARS.  I have a degree in zoology and have been to a university marine science center on the gulf and never saw a live one.  Kids loved swimming. She said: Brought the kids here for a late afternoon on the beach.  The beach was extremely clean and the kids had a very good time!
Very beautiful, clean beach, just slightly off the beaten trail.
Barefoot Beach was recommended to us as a must-visit, with the caveat that we should be sure to go early in the morning.  We followed this and were delighted to find the beach to be extremely calm and peaceful, especially since we were about ready to head out by the time the crowds really started coming in.  There was a fee for parking, $8, and you have to be careful when driving and parking to watch out for the wonderful gopher tortoises that live here in the preserve. White sands, Gulf waters, good shelling, restrooms are available and the wonderful wildlife made for a very nice visit.  The tortoises really made this beach a little more memorable than the rest.
Fantastic beach! Beautiful, clean, and in a very nice location! Lots of shells and there are dolphins to see in the ocean as well! Great beach on the Gulf Coast!
Very nice get away!
I really liked the idea of this beach more than the beach itself. The couple mile drive from right when you turn onto Barefoot Beach Blvd until actually getting to the beach is just beautiful. From the curvy brick road to the colorful homes surrounded by palm trees and other fun plants, it's just something you don't see in New York. Perhaps, we went on an off-day. And the fact that we came here after having such a relaxing, fabulous time at Clam Pass Beach the day before probably had something to do with it too. But there were just too many kids here...and they supposedly do beach chair rentals but that was nowhere to be found. Also, we were confused because no one was working at the front entrance of the beach, where we were supposed to pay $8 for parking. Not complaining though. I will give it 4 stars though because it was still a nice beach with tons of shells, and the trails were cool. I still prefer Clam Pass Beach though!
Love Love Love this beach! It is soo nice & there is no one out here! So very peaceful & calming. The wildlife is awesome too. We got to watch dolphins swimming just a little off the beach in the water. Lots of wonderful shells to collect as well. Will def be coming back!
My favorite Collier County beach so far. Beautiful and peaceful... the best place to go if you want to get away from it all. Not as crowded as Naples city beaches. Lots of amenities both within the park and nearby. Great shelling - lots of pretty small shells, and if you're lucky you can find sandollars to look at (just don't take them home). This beach is included in a Collier beach pass.
Amazing nature preserve with a beach  with only one major drawback, Ill get to that later, first let me rave about this place.  342 acre nature preserve & gopher tortoise sanctuary on the beach with only one building in the entire park, this is the Ranger station & restrooms.  There is also a chikee hut concession stand on the beach by the bathrooms as well as two tiny free standing restrooms further south in the park.  The park has two great nature trails that run through five distinct zones of vegetation, some of which due to the overdevelopment of this area you wont see anywhere else unless you have a boat.  There are Ranger guided canoe trips and nature walks etc. (contact Collier County parks and rec. for details). The beach itself is amazing, totally natural and not manicured with a machine as other area beaches are, so it gets very shelly and rough at times.   The southern tip of the park is Wiggins Pass and is a great place to pull up your boat and enjoy the beach. The bad part of the park is it has a reputation for perverts who hang out along the trail and at time there have been sexual assaults on children etc so if your coming with your family don't let your young kids walk the trails alone. Also there is limited parking as it is primarily a nature preserve so the place can fill up quickly.  LImited parking = limited people. No grills, fire of any kind, no glass as with all beaches in the state of Florida.  No pets.  Part of the park is owned by the state and leased to the county and this creates some confusion, it is a Collier County park and a state park permit will not work for the parking  fee.   The park is also a gopher tortoise sanctuary so look under your car before you go, they like the shade under cars. This is arguably the best beach in SW Florida.
Paradise
Nice beach well worth the $6 parking fee.  County ownership prevents it from being overshadowed by highrises.   Sand is mostly composed of crushed shells but was not too rough to walk on.  Decent shelling
Great beach  - the beach is made of shells and the resultant sand is perfect.  Worth the $8 to park here, and you get to drive by 1.5 miles of million dollar plus homes.  You get to see the tortoises and some wildlife in the surrounding dunes.  The beach shack has some crazy prices, but you dont come for that.  The beach is nice and relaxing, and the water is great here - fun for kids.
My wife & I have been coming to the Ft. Meyers to Marco area for 35+ years. We are "beach walkers" and this is the beach we like best. The sand compacts well and is easy walking. Also, the beach is usually wide enough for walking without running over people. It gets VERY busy early so you must get there before 10am during the season or you will not find a parking spot. This area has gopher tortoises and you are cautioned to check under your car before leaving. They mean it - those darn things like to rest in the shade. The park opens at 8AM and the gated community which you must pass through to get to the park keeps its gates down until then. It closes right after sunset. The parking is $8 per day this year (2012). However, you can by a Collier county (not Lee, the park is just inside of Collier) yearly pass for $50. As long as you make at least 7 trips to the beach you come out ahead. If nothing else, the community you must drive through to get to the park is worth the trip. The houses and landscaping present a beautiful approach.
Beautiful beach, gorgeous neighborhood that you must travel through to get in. My group had other plans for the afternoon so I got dropped off at the entrance. I checked with the staff member manning the gate and was able to walk in for free. It's a bit of a walk to get from the entrance to the beach but not terrible. The beach was clean but be sure to wear your flip flops because there are lots of shells. Really enjoyed spending an afternoon here.
Pristine beach, with the most picturesque approach in the County - through residential Barefoot Beach on a red brick street.  Barefoot Beach Preserve is manned by County employees but is really guarded by devout beach volunteers.  These foilks are both year round and seasonal residents and are well informed docents who make themselves available to take visitors on beach walks, on a canoe paddle through neighboring mangroves, to provide talks about shells, fish, and other wildlife, to maintain a butterfly garden lovingly, and to diligently watch for nesting turtles.  It's a gopher tortoise sanctuary with well marked and protected dens in the sand along the road and along the well maintained boardwalks.   A small concession stand on an open deck is open irregularly for  beach food like hot dogs and sodas.   Collier County residential beach stickers lets you drive in for free.  Otherwise it's $8 per vehicle.
