We hit the road to see what Naples had to offer and boy we fell in love - QUICK! For $3 or $4, we found this amazingly quiet and clean spot that instantly impressed us. The sand was amazing and the water impressed us for real. Unfortunately, a Storm rolled in and we had to scram but it's a spot we most definitely will be visiting again. Must Have!!!
I was surprised there weren't more people as the beach was very peaceful and the sunset sublime... on a Friday evening!   After paying the entrance fee (well, dad used his State Parks pass), we parked at the 2nd lot.  There were plenty of spaces available; in fact, my family scored the first spot.  Our own little claimed area on the beach was very clean and had lots of seashells for the kids.  The whole place just felt safe and family-friendly.  Just before the park closed, the ranger on an ATV drove down the beach to let everyone know the gate was closing.   The sand here was fine and quite nice.  Didn't find a beach house or shower to rinse off any sand. If you're looking for a more quiet beach, DW Pass is definitely worth a visit!
This beach turned out to be so much nicer than my highest expectations! It was so serene and peaceful that it could be my happy place. Out of my six days in Naples I chose to go to this beach 4 times. What surprised me the most was the water. When I was in Tampa I saw that the beaches there resembled New York area beaches more than island beaches: water was brownish-grayish and the surf was too rough. Consequently I assumed that all Gulf beaches would be like this and I was shocked to discover clean green water with the calmest surf! Water was somewhat cloudy, but still clear enough to see tons of fish right near the shore. It also wasn't deep at all: I could be quite a few yards away and it would still only be up to my waist. The entrance fee for the park was $6. There were 4 parking lots and all of them were mostly empty. I usually parked at the lot number 3. A boardwalk leads to the beach through some sand dunes and shade trees with a few  tables and grilling stands. There are restrooms near each parking area, which to me seemed surprisingly clean (perhaps in comparison to restrooms in some parks in the Tri-State, which can be pretty disgusting). The beach is somewhat narrow and the sand is grayish with an enormous amount of shells. There is a van in parking area 4 which offers food and beverages and also rents chairs, umbrellas and non-motorized water sports equipment. If I'm not mistaken, a chair rented for $8 and an umbrella for $14. The food selection consisted of hamburgers, hot dogs, ham and cheese/turkey and cheese sandwiches, chips, nuts, candy and Blue Bunny ice cream. I recommend turkey and cheese sandwiches, which are freshly made and sell for $4.75 and Chocolate Lovers ice cream cones (chocolate ice cream inside a chocolate cone topped with crushed chocolate). One thing I realize is that timing can make a tremendous difference. For me late April or early May has always been a great time to take a vacation to warm destinations. Crowds tend to dissipate after April 15th, hotel room rates come down and I've been lucky to have been blessed with great weather.
Spent at least 3 days of vacation beach time here, what a great spot! Getting In -- Get in earlier morning or wait for the afternoon shift as the lots inside do fill up during peak season and you'll have to wait in a car line to get in. There is also overflow pay parking across the bridge if you can handle the less than 10 minute stroll in (or drop your people and stuff by the gate and take one for the team). Nominal $6/car or walk ins for $2 per person (up to $6 per group/car) and $4 for phenomenal sunset access. The Beach -- Lots are right next to beach access, there are flush bathrooms and outside rinse showers. Lots #1-4 or 5 I believe, 4/5 has a concession stand and is more the kid zone. Wear your shoes on the boardwalk, no one likes splinters! It's about a 50 foot ish deep sand stretch backing up to the woods the lots are in. It's a short boardwalk to haul stuff from lot to beach. Nice sand! 70-73 degree water in late Feb was Perfect in the 80+ temps. - No Lifeguards - Millions of seashells!! Spend all day shell hunting where water meets sand! - Go in up past your knees beyond the shell shelf and it's all sand underneath - Sand churned water, hard to see the bottom - Lots of overly tan snowbirds (yikes, moderation people!) - I saw at least 6 dolphins about 50 ft out in the water - One day was all string rays in the water all afternoon! They were frisbee sized and didn't bother anyone, just don't be stupid - Beautiful sunsets over water to end your day A great beach overall and it was only a couple miles from the condo I was staying in.
What a great find! Nice secluded beach and wilderness area. Minimum parking fee with a lot of spaces available. The park offered nature trails through indigenous woodland areas. Plenty of finished deck walkways and signs identifying foliage. The beach was covered in sugar white sand and millions of sea shells. My wife had a blast walking around collecting shells. Very clean park and beach. Only caveat is it closes at sunset. Had a great walk and sunset!
This was our second time visiting this park. We were there early October '13. We went to Beach/Parking area #3. We brought our 9yo child and all of us had a blast!! We came at low tide and found there is a huge sandbar about 10' from shore. We found many shells and various colorful fish around. One guy even caught a crab. The water was super calm and although red tide was an issue for the area, the beach waters were very pristine. I'll go back next time were in Naples for sure!! A couple things to note: They don't have any showers (that we found at least) but we just wiped off and were fine! They also have a nice beach Picnic area with tables and grills. And these are well shaded for a break from the sun if you need it!! Hope this is helpful. I'd go without hesitation! Please thumb up/comment if you liked this review and I would count it a privilege if you chose to follow me as I review places I travel and visit. Thank you for taking the time to read! ~mp
County beach parks are free to Collier County residents, but Wiggins is state owned, so there is a small fee. Too bad because its a nice location to watch the sunset. Kite boarders love the location at the far north end near the pass. Good for picnic and BBQ at their designated spots. Beware of the strong current in the pass, especially on rough days. Keep kids clear of the area an please don't chase the shore birds.
Don't forget an umbrella! Nice beach, calm water, not too crowded on a summer Saturday.  But definitely BYO shade!  And don't speed driving in - we saw a successful speed trap soon after entering.
By far the most relaxing beach down here and we've been to almost all of them. Never as crowded as the others. Restrooms at every parking lot. Natural setting ( actually saw a snake ) in the wooded area first time in 3 years so just keep an eye out when walking the paths. Awesome beach though
The State manages this most northern public stretch of beach in Collier County.  There is an illuminated sign at Vanderbilt and another flip sign at the park entrance to wave you off if the parking lot gets full.  On really crazy busy holidays, the County will have a Deputy re-directing traffic. There are picnic tables under the pines between the beach and the parking area, as well as a few grills.  Great place to picnic. My friends swear by the habit of parking in Lot 8 for the least crowded access. The Cocohatchee River empties into the Gulf on the northernmost end.  You'll find fishermen wading, and sometimes drummers at sunset.  The commercial tour boat from the Cocohatchee stops to let riders wade to the beach here too, while small private craft are often anchored in this pretty spot. In recent years, a volunteer group has gotten bigger and more adept at offering activities.  There are beach walks scheduled, and an annual art fair in the parking lot.
I grew up in NJ, spending summers 'down the shore' baking on the beach where your only refuge was an umbrella, listening to thunderous waves crashing on the beach, body surfing and boogie boarding and occasionally being knocked silly by a kick ass 6 foot wave. A trip to the tame Gulf waters, where the waves lap the shoreline like a lazy lake, was really quite different for me. And yea, I could picture pitching a tent here and never leaving. $5 for 2 people or less in a car for parking is not bad at all, and you are allowed to leave and return to the beach on the same day if you need to run out for something. Parking is in 1 of 5 lots. We traveled down to lot  number 3 since that had a convenient changing/restroom facility as well as outside shower heads. Everything here is naturalized so they are no condos or beach houses to spoil the beach. Trees dot the landscape a mere 75 feet from the  water and serve as a haven when you seek some relief from the sun. Also, there are abundant picnic tables and grills available for public use. We were there in the beginning of October and had our pick of the tables and grills. The beach at that time is not crowded at all, and blankets/chairs between couples were spread out with your nearest neighbor being maybe 30 feet away. A great time of year to go with bitchin weather, warm waters and hardly any crowd at all. OK, so the 'surf' is a little laid back. Do you think I am exaggerating with 'lazy lapping lake'? Nope! But you know what, it all kinda fits. The blue, clear, warm waters. The white sand covered with shells. The picnic area in the background beckoning you for your next cool drink and snack. Vacations are meant to be lazy. We have found many nice beaches on the Gulf Coast of Florida. Siesta Key ranks up there, but so does this little piece of paradise that seems to just have everything you could need to make a long day of it. Now if only I could pitch that tent!
Just beautiful...it is an amazing stretch of beach that is so peaceful.  There is a public entrance at one end and an inlet into the bay at the other. There never seems to be a lot of people here but on weekends and holidays it is crowded. There is parking available but I've never driven here.  I simply just walk up the beach to get here from our place.   There also seems to be some good fishing because some of these guys get here early.   As you walk, keep your eyes open for some dolphins.  You may see a few.   The best time is at sunset...there is nothing like a sunset on the Gulf of Mexico. I find it peaceful for my morning jog but start early because it gets really hot once that sun starts coming up.
Beautiful and worth the entrance fee!  We came here later in the day, so the seashells were a little picked over, but I still found some.  The beach had a very family oriented sort of feel.  I loved that they had bathrooms and plenty of parking.  I think we will be back!
Very quiet beach, plenty of space and beautiful white sand. Great place to watch the sunset.
Really love coming to this state park with family. It has about two miles of beach to play and picnic on. My daughter attended Coach B's Beach Camp here, and she saw dolphin while paddleboarding with children in the water. There are five parking areas, and we were happy when we saw there was a concession area in parking lot #4 that served food and refreshments, as I forgot to pack lunch that day. Cool beach all around. Thumbs UP!
This is by far the best beach in the USA for swimming. Sand is so soft and clean. Get here if you can!
This is one of my favorite beaches on Florida's Gulf Coast.  First of all, it's a state park.  So, not only does it offer a fantastically, clean beach whose soft sand is the color of sun bleached conch shells, it offers wildlife viewing, an outdoor shower, picnic tables, restrooms, scuba diving, snorkeling, fishing, boating, charcoal grilling, and swimming.  If the park didn't close at sundown, I may never leave.  Generally, I travel to Florida in the off season, so the beach is never over crowded and you can walk its mile long shore without tripping over kids or  their pails.  From what I've read on their website, once the park reaches maximum capacity, no further entry is allowed.  For $5 it's a steal.  Shhh.
This is my favorite state park to launch they have  ramp with two launches east side has a fish cleaning station, and the west side has an L shaped dock.  The place is rarely over 4 car wait to get into the water.  Seasonal people may get use of the annual pass if you go enough.   They do a great job removing the trash so it is rarely overflowing.  The pass is constantly changing and deeper yachts need to time it right or low tide may be a risk of running aground.  We have got plenty of snook, snapper catfish, sea trout sheep head, mullet, and shark in the area. if you like see the back waters kayak is the way to go with plenty of places to explore most of it no wake zone except a few of the a55holes who rent boats may not give a 5hit.  Plenty of fish can be caught in the pass from the shore.  I have yet to see how things have changed as soon as a return home. Over this summer the state had passed a law to allow the people who qualified for CCW to carry in state parks. to make it uniform across the state of Fl. local ordinance cannot conflict with state law effective Oct 1, 2012 see link for details.  This is a win for lawful carry in the state. miamiherald.com/2011/09/…
Our 'Go to" beach in Naples.  Other than it being right down the road, the beaches are clean and parking is plentiful.  However, on the weekends during the season, better get there before 10 to get a space.  Good spot to watch the sunset.  There were some free spaces outside the condos just before the part entrance however waive goodbye to them thanks to a turnaround they are building.  It will cost $6 to park.
We had dolphins swim up to about 20 feet away from us.  Found some beautiful sea shells.  The break between the beach and the parking lot is filled with a lush growth of plants and trees making for a great setting surrounded by nature.  The beach is shallow and water is warm, but the shells can be too pokey on the feet.
This beach is the best ever!  Every time I drive in and pay the fee...I think how lucky I am to be able to go to such a beautiful place for $6.  Always clean and never crowded.  We have had many great sunset bbq suppers here and even bacon and eggs breakfast.  Wish they did not kick you out at sunset but I guess the rangers have families to go home to also.  One of my favorite places on this planet.
There are 5 parking lot locations, all of which have at least 50 parking spots...so I'm not sure where the previous poster visited.  Two of the parking lots share a shower and bathroom pavilion that is positioned between them, so there are freshwater showers too.   Picnic tables are scattered about in wooded shaded areas. One of the top rated beaches in the state!
What's not to like?  Clean, natural beach with outdoor showers and picnic areas with BBQ grills in the shade of sea grape trees.  I'm in.
Love this park. It's about a mile of shoreline, and there's always lots of wildlife to see -- especially lots and lots of birds. Bathrooms (always a plus) at the different parking areas, there are picnic tables for barbecuing and it's very very clean. Beautiful beach.
amazing sunsets, lots of wildlife, GREAT fishing and if you are lucky, dolphins swim around all the time, you may be able to get close enough to swim with!
beautiful park, beautiful strip of the gulf beach. just beautiful
I love this beach.
My family comes here when we want our fill of the beach. You need to pay admission to get into the park ($6 per car) but it is worth it. There are bathroom facilities and outdoor showers to use. The beach is clean. There are many shells to sift through. The beach can get busy at times, but you can always find a spot.
my all time favorite beach, can't get any better then this
