AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! HEEEEEELLLLP  MEEEEEE!!!!! AAAAAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!     MOMMYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!   (Okay... Maybe adding skydiving to the Bucket list I created a year ago was not such a brilliant idea!) But Seriously: If you are going to attempt skydiving - Come to Duanesburg Skydiving Club! Here is why: Most Sky diving places are like slick Fast Food operations: You show up, pay $199-$400 (not including the photo and video fee which is a total waste of money) get a quick 15 minute spiel (sometimes on the plane!!) Then they strap you to another person who actually does all the work (it's called "Tandem Diving" when it should be called "Fanny pack" diving: YOU being the Fanny Pack!) You are thrown out the plane. 8 seconds later you are on the ground and they are on to the next sucker...er...customer. Brief Rant: This tandem concept never really appealed to me because: A. It is not really Sky diving if someone else does it all For you (sort of like saying you ran the Boston Marathon when someone carried you the whole way!) B. Do you really want to trust your life to someone who the best job they could get was being strapped to people for a living? Answer: no, since... C. I think this profession attracts the sort of Creepy people who rub up against you on the Green line...ewwwww! But Not Duanesburg Skydiving Club, which is more the Skydiving equivalent of eating in a 5 star North End Restaurant where the waiters don't rush you so you get to drink deep in the richness of the experience. Firstly: For your all inclusive $275 Sky Dive fee ($265 if you pay cash) you also get a 4 hour training before the jump where you learn really cool new things! (so you should schedule a whole day for this) Secondly: The staff is amazingly professional and "down to earth" (yeah...I know...bad choice of words) and really go the extra mile to make it a good experience. And by giving you enough time, any safety concerns you had go out the window. (yup...again with the bad choice of words) Thirdly: They allow beginners to do NON-TANDEM jumps!!! Yay!!! What they offer here is "static line" dives! So you are just like a paratrooper of old! (hence the 4 hour class and increased fear factor) Here is how it works (quoting from their Excellent Web site) "On your first solo Static Line jump you will be taken to an altitude of 4,000 feet. As you exit the plane, an attached static line will open your canopy directly. Then you will listen for your instructor who will give you radio-assisted guidance back to the landing area" On the way down (when you are not screaming) you will take in the majestic views of the New York Country side! (sooo much better then just  "free fall"  tandem driving where everything is just a blur) and you will  feel a real sense of accomplishment (and relief) when you reach the ground.  (Note: repeat jumps are much higher in altitude and much cheaper in price...double yay!!!) Things you will need for this Yelp active life adventure! 1. Sensible Shoes (not a time to try and pass yourself off as taller) 2. Out Doors Life Clothes (it's not a Business Casual elite event) 3. Change of underwear (kidding) 4. A couple days vacation time (weather can cause last minute cancelations) 5. Friends (much funner to do with a group of people...unless they all turn out to be braver then you. Then it kinda sucks!) Tip: DO NOT GET FREAKED when you have to sign the release (That "OMG!" Moment is just a formality thanks to our litigious society) Really sky diving is one million times more safe then driving (and One trillion times more safe then driving WITH ME...where you REALLY will need a change of underwear)
Get past the fact that this is an easily missable hole-in-the-wall joint.  And the fact that upon walking in, you feel like you're entering the messy living room of a skydiving enthusiast.  And the hilariously dated instructional video.  And the one pro skydiver that likes to talk about BDSM. This place is LEGIT and the dudes working here are so real, down to earth, solid, awesome. I had an AMAZING experience here and would go back in a heartbeat! For those debating skydiving: GO. Seriously.
