I took my boyfriend to Bay Street Bistro for his birthday dinner and we couldn't have been happier. The mussels were nothing short of amazing, and the Tuscan Chicken was the best I've ever had. I heard the blueberry pie was delicious, but I was far too full to even take one bite. This wasn't our first visit. Last time he had the Beef Wellington and I had the salmon. If you've never had salmon cooked the right way (medium rare) watch out! It will be very hard for you to eat it anywhere else once Kevin has cooked it for you! Other favorites are the tomato bisque, crab cakes, and eggplant rollitini (that's probably spelled wrong). By far the most delicious food in Lakeland. The prices aren't cheap, but the quality of the food warrants the prices. All of the fish is brought in fresh (and daily I think). The staff is great, the owner is great, and the food will blow your mind!!! Best place to impress a date!
My daughter has been in Lakeland in college for 3 years and she picked this restaurant for her graduation dinner not having been here before. Well I'm very disappointed that we didn't know about this sooner. This is the best restaurant in Lakeland. We had a party of 5 and everyone said everything they had was delicious. The owner was very visible, in fact he let my daughter sample many wines as she told him she wanted to improve her pallette from Moscato. They have a great wine selection as well as many different micro brews. If you're lucky the owner might have his own beer which he brewed. The menu is varied, with choices ranging from seafood to steak, lamb, veal as well as vegetarian dishes. The Bruschetta was the best we've ever had. He said he sells tubs of it at the farmers market each weekend. I had the seafood fettuccine Alfredo with shrimp and scallops . . . awesome. My wife had the Salmon and her sister had the Chilean Sea Bass both of which were melt in your mouth. We split 3 desserts made by their in house pastry chef. All were delicious. All in all this is a great restaurants!
We've eaten at the Bay Street Bistro 5 times now, and every time we are pleased !! The food is outstanding, and every visit pleases us in a new and delightful manner. The owners are very personal, basically always around, and extremely concerned that their customers are pleased with every aspect of their restaurant ! You won't be sorry !
Discovered this restaurant while exploring the farmers market. Let's just say that my husband and I have discovered our new favorite restaurant!  I had the Polenta Pizzoleta...perfectly seasoned moist polenta with crisp yet tender grilled veggies, goat cheese, Parmesan and a lovely balsamic glaze. My husband had the Vegetarian wrap which he fell immediately in love with (and he even let me have a bite...albeit reluctantly). This place will definitely be on our short list for Saturday lunches (the only day they're open for lunch I believe) or dinners any night of the week. Know some 'foodies' that are hard to please?  Have no fear...bring them here.
This was a fabulous evening ! Bay Street Bistro is by far the BEST restaurant in Lakeland !!! The food was incredible , from the presentation down to the exquisitely delectible taste !!! The impeccable service surpasses all others. I shall patronize this place again soon  !!!!
Food was ok, expected more. The pear salad was limp and the pears were over poached. I ordered the black grouper and it too was over cooked with too many sun dried tomatoes. The owner walking around with his wine glass full was a bit much, seemed very pompous.
My friends took me here for a birthday lunch, I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. I had the chicken salad and have to say, it is the best I have ever eaten.  Not your typical grapes, nuts, relish ....
Clearly, this is one if Lakeland's finest dining venues!  Ate the Beef Wellington Friday night - another SUPERB meal and wonderful service! From the salad through the desserts, each course was perfect.
Wonderful setting... Casual and smart. Great food... Wonderfully fresh selection. I've been here a few times and the food is consistently good. I love the creeps here. Romantic setting in the evening...
As Three west coast foodies and wine snobs found, Lakeland. Fl has very little choices for fine dining. Bay Street Bistro blew us away as this little hideaway (next to a great little Wine Bar) proved to excel beyond any of our wildest expectations. James. the Owner, is hands on daily and brought a Team from Mario's and they work together soooo well. James hails from some wonderful restaurants in Hawaii so his sense and DNA for a great dining experience rivals some of the best entrepreneurs in this biz. From the off the charts fresh Raspberry puree topped baked brie appetizer to a main entree(s) of chilean sea bass and risotto, we were floored. James buys fresh fish from the markets daily and this sea bass (3.5 inches thick) was prepared and cooked perfectly.  Bay Street offers 4-5 different preparations for their fish entrees as well.  We chose a blend of fresh ginger and asian infused sauces on this night. Even the caesar salad and homemade dressing was wonderful.  There is a great chef in this kitchen.. Great wine list, great people and with the Wine Bar next door having live music and dancing several nights a week, this little off the beat street in downtown Lakeland is "to live for"!! Suggest one makes a beeline here if there is a desire for a world class meal in this sleepy little town.
I got the tomato bisque soup which was creamy and flavorful.  The meatloaf with mashed potatoes was incredible!  It has ham and cheese  in the center and bacon on top. Nice quiet atmosphere with lots of art to enjoy as well.  Very attentive service, but not overboard.
This could be one of Lakeland's top top dining spots especially for lunch... if the service was better and friendlier, the food was fresher and the prices were lower. The food quality does not warrant spending $20.00 for lunch. In my opinion, they are sitting on a potential goldmine at lunchtime.
The atmosphere is lovely, being both quaint and inviting. The service is friendly and attentive. The food tastes fresh, and I understand much of the produce comes from our local farmer's market. Don't pass on dessert! We had the daily vegetable soup (great flavor, not heavy), the daily quiche with fruit and pasta salad, and a sausage/shrimp dish that was wonderful. We left feeling full, but without that bloated feeling you sometimes get when eating out.
Bay Street Bistro's soup and salad selection is  overpriced and underwhelming. First of all, there's no soup/salad combo pricing. The Lobster Bisque is bland! The Tomato Bisque quickly redeemed that but it could have had a bit more flair to it. The Caprése Salad was decent but the mozzarella tasted odd. I was brought a basket of bread and an herbal dip but there was only one piece of bread in the basket and it was piping hot, as if microwaved. Overpriced and lousy; that's my experience so far.
This up & coming bistro has opened in the old Antiquarian on Bay Street.  It's brick walls are painted bright yellow and decorated with large "French paintings" and local art work, providing a great ambiance.  You are greeted at the door but allowed to pick your own seat.  Has two great window seats, and is decorated in large red lightbulbs for the holidays.   The menu is eclectic and ranges from $9 to $12.  I chose the vegetarian stir fry which boasted garlic-ginger sauce and clear noodles.  My $9 meal began with a house salad of ample portion and honey mustard dressing.  (I was not asked and not my favorite dressing but well balanced and a nice change of scenery.)  It came with a half-slice of homemade bread.   My light meal came well-timed after the salad, about a cup of food in a very large bowl.  The waitress warned that "it will clear my sinuses".  That was a little disappointing because I was looking for the depth of ginger not the sting of chili sauce. Spicy dishes should be labeled on the menu.  It was more a stew than a stir fry, which was a little worrisome as I was not sure that the "broth" was "edible" or simply a run-off of fat or water.  I found the noodles a little chewy, perhaps underdone.  The vegetables were a mix of (two bites each of) broccoli, carrot, onion, zucc and sundried tomato.  The tomato was innovative (but chewy-knotty and had to be spit back on the plate) as was the grilled watermelon garnish (innovative not chewy).  Two bits of pineapple and a slice of orange were also garnish but burnt black, beyond edible.  The broth was a sweet flavor, though hinted by burning and far too spicy to recognize any garlic or ginger.  I wanted to like this dish, though it needed much perfecting--and more accurate menu description. They have creamy potato soup and seafood gumbo all the time.  Today they had two soups of the day--French Onion and Creamy Butternut Squash.  I'd have liked to try them.  Salmon & asparagus was a popular dish coming out to others.  They also had an intriguing pecan crusted pork loin, beef tips in a reduction, sweet potato souffle, quiche, crepes and omelettes, and even duck medallions.  The highest entrees were $22. They had a luscious looking Pie Bar with slices for $5.  Toffee pie, rocky road pie, pecan pie, lemon bar pie were beckoning.  Someone who appeared to be an owner or manager stopped by tables for greetings. This place has lots of potential as a great downtown addition-- and will get a second look from me, but it will have to taste as well as it looks on the menu to keep me coming back.
Three visits in one week!  This is the best food in Lakeland.  The service is incredible. We tried the omelets; light and fluffy, soups were delicious, fish, perfect.  Serving sizes were perfects and the staff's knowledge of wine was amazing!
We  had a wonderful dinner here! We  were greeted by the chef and  given tastes of different dishes! All very good!  Highly recommend this restaurant! Waitresses all very helpful and attentive great service!
Love this restaurant.  Been here many times and try to order something different each time.  Every dish has been fantastic.  The ambiance is great and there's often live music, but classy in the background music, not the kind you have to sit and pay attention to.  Recently went to Sunday brunch and it was so good I stuffed myself to a ridiculous point.  If you're looking for something special, don't hesitate to go here.
My husband and I went to Bay St. Bistro this evening after reading all the great reviews online. We made reservations for 8:15pm and showed on time and got seated promptly. The restaurant itself was really cute, the ambiance was great, and it had a very European feel. The bread and pesto was really fresh and hot. The service started slow, but we assumed it was because they were coming off their dinner rush. However, as the night went on, the service didn't get any better- we were one of about 5 tables and the waitress forgot to refill our drinks. We ordered the mussels for our appetizer, which were amazing! Prior to ordering the mussels, I asked the waitress about the bruschetta. I asked if the onions were raw, she said yes, and when I asked if I could have it without she said no because it was pre-made (which was fine). The point I thought I made by ordering the mussels was that I don't like raw onions. Upon ordering, I was torn between the scallops and the blue crab and salmon cakes, so I asked the waitress which dish she thought was better. She said they were both great, so I asked which sides came with each dish and she said sweet potatoes for the crab cakes and Spanish rice with the scallops. The only reason I bring this up is because 80% of the deciding factor in the choice I made, which ended up being the crab and salmon cakes, was based on the sweet potato side, I ordered the poached pear salad as my starter. My husband ordered the Tuscan chicken and butternut squash soup as his starter. When the soup and salad came, I was beyond disappointed. The menu did not mention the fact that the pear and goat cheese salad would also be covered in the bruschetta tomato and raw onion combo, as well as being absolutely drenched in balsamic dressing. I was able to take a few bites, but it was truly a disappointment for me, to say the least. On a positive note, my husband's soup was great. When our main dishes showed up, I was confused. I had two flattened, smashed patties, drowning in sauce, on top of MASHED potatoes and mixed vegetable medley. (Sadly, the mixed vegetable medley was by far the best part of the dish) I ate about half of one of the two patties before pushing it aside. It was complete mush, and if there was any crab, I couldn't find it. It was a mushy salmon patty, on top of mashed potatoes, not sweet potatoes covered in a cheese like sauce that over powered everything. My husband said his meal was OK, but definitely nothing special. When the waitress came back, she asked if I wanted my food boxed and how everything was- I brought up the fact that she told me it came with sweet potatoes, and she then said she thought they were sweet potatoes because they were white. While she did apologize, I think it's pretty ridiculous that a waitress in an establishment charging $30 plus dollars for an entrée doesn't know the difference between a sweet potato and a mashed potato. By this point we had been there for almost an hour and a half, and while neither of us were satisfied, we weren't interested in any dessert. Apparently it was customer appreciation month, so they were giving away free dessert. Based on the waitress's recommendation I took the carrot cake to go- it actually was amazing, and one of the best I've had in a long time. Overall, we were incredibly disappointed in our experience at this restaurant. It had so much potential based on the appearance, and our starter, but unfortunately the service and everything that followed, really didn't even come close to matching the almost $90 price tag. Perhaps if the prices were lower I wouldn't have had such high expectations, but I did, and for the cost, this is not a place I will be going back to based on how things went. There is a chance someone else could go and have a wonderful experience, but for the cost, I'll go somewhere that I know I will leave happy.
You will not go wrong on dining here. Excellent food. Best of service. Lovely environment. I have eaten here numerous times and the outcome is the same. Superb!
On our return visit to Bay Street we continue to think of it as a true gem. The atmosphere continues to be lovely and restful, the service exceptional. We enjoyed an excellent Friday night dinner there with an excellent soup and appetizers. There is local art on display. There is no need to go to neighboring towns for a four star restaurant.
