We were on our way to a different restaurant when I came across the reviews for Fire. After doing some research, we learned that the chef used to own another restaurant that we heard people raving about, so off we went! I made a reservation via Open Table because I want sure how busy they would be on a Friday evening, we didn't need the reservation because we we're say very quickly and had great service! Our waitress told us about the specials (which I'm so glad she did) and I ordered the ahi tuna special - oh my goodness! This is probably some of the best tuna I've ever had  (I just finished my leftovers!) My boyfriend, after going back and forth on what cut of meat he wanted, ordered a filet and was not disappointed. We've both ordered $40-$50 steaks at Disney restaurants before and while it may not be the same cut, the steak he had was delicious, especially for $20! We both enjoyed our sides as well...I got mashed potatoes which were awesome and he got the truffle mac and cheese, which I tired, and holy cow, it was delicious and rich! We will definitely be going back and taking our friends and family with us. It was worth the drive from the Clermont area! Plus, our waitress was very nice and there if we needed her! (Also of note, the other waitress I heard around us were very nice and attentive as well.)
This place is really nice and never crowded. I usually go for the wings and a beer but they also have good salads they serve seafood dishes, and steak.  The servers are really nice the dishes are reasonably priced and I have never had an complaint.  It's a good place to take a person on a date, grab a beer, or enjoy a birthday If you like wings try the Old Bay.
I like it! Second visit. The service is very good and ghey have a great menu selection. The outdoor patio bar is also very well done.
One of my friends brought me here for lunch after a morning charity event. We came right when the doors just open so I got a glimpse of how this place came to life for the start of the day. Our server was sweet and peppy. I found it awesome that Fire had some craft beers and what makes it even more awesome is when they give you options for mug size. I didn't feel like looking through the whole menu so I went with my friend's recommendation of burgers. I ended up ordering the avocado burger  with a side of potato salad. When the waitress came back with our food, I looked at my dish and decided I chose....wisely! The burger had a great grill taste and was done perfectly. When we were done eating the place was getting slowly filled with locals. The outdoor dining are was already full with patrons. I'm glad that Fire was a dining option in Winter Haven because it seems like the perfect fit.
Great for lunch! I loved the crust on the fish fry that my dad ordered and on the crab cakes! My dad was not expecting much for the crab cakes and they turned out to be really good. The sauce underneath was delicious too.
What a great find! Hidden away in the downtown streets of Winter Haven, Fire really is a great place to eat. We have ventured here twice, once a nice evening date-night and the other an early Sunday evening family dinner, both times over-the-top impressive! Wait-staff is very friendly, and offer good, sound advice on the food, as well as options to add to the meal or make it a better deal! Never have been been disappointed with a meal at Fire. Prices are reasonable for the portion and quality of food ($10-$17) a dish, highly recommend the Pork Chop 15 oz, AMAZING! Great food selection, dress is very casual, we've gone dressed nice and in shorts/t-shirt. Awesome back patio for those nice Florida evenings, HIGHLY recommend!
Steakhouse with charm. Deep colored wood, dim lighting, and some eclectic artwork a nice restaurant do make. The Fire restaurant provides a lovely relaxed environment, good for an evening out with friends or a romantic date for two with the bar area separated from the restaurant by a low rise wall decorated with wine bottles and flowers. The service was quite good, our waiter had an intimate knowledge of the menu and was able to make great suggestions on the criteria we presented to him. He even had a great knowledge of restaurants in the area! The food was absolutely outstanding!  The steak was a bit undercooked and chewy, but what it lacked slightly in finesse it made up for with absolutely delightful flavors. The steak was complimented by two sides, a creamed spinach which had a great texture but needed a bit more flavor and the macaroni and cheese.  It would be unfair of me to describe this heavenly dish in this review, you have to go and try it for yourself. Your taste buds will thank you for it. I certainly would recommend this restaurant to all in area! A must visit!
Hands down awesome food and top notch service!!!!! Everything here is delicious! :) I've been here twice and each time with a big table of people. Every time everybody at the table thought their dish was excellent! No joke, this place rocks!
I passed this place every single time I was downtown (6 months) until I finally gave it a shot. The inside isn't bad but nothing exciting. The real jewel is the out side eating area at the rear of the restaurant. I felt like I was back in Miami, music playing, lights hung and a nice bar. If you want something that isn't Old, boring & bla lol then you must enjoy a nice lunch or dinner. All my friends from Miami love it!
We have been to this restaurant four times... food great once...service great once...and the other visits were horrible.  We won't be back.  Staff is shaky at best and they are often out of things listed on the menu.  Very dissatisfied.
March 26, 2014. Go people. The food is off the hook. There were 9 of us, we ordered 9 different meals and there was not one person unhappy. I had the Crusted NY Strip with Corn and Bacon, and the Truffled Mac and Cheese. You have to try it. Perfectly cooked steak, very good and interesting corn and bacon on top, and the truffled mac and cheese was like nothing I have ever had. Our waiter Big D really likes his job. He was awesome. We all said we will always ask for him when we make reservations.
This place was in Lake Alfred, then moved to Auburndale for more space and larger customer base, and now has a second location in Winter Haven in the old Tanner's Pub. They have done some remodeling, added booths, but mostly looks the same, refined rustic.  The chef is from Disney, classically trained, but this is a steak and burger joint. Good lunch crowd. We were immediately greeted and asked for a quiet corner and accommodated.  Companion asked for a sandwich to be a wrap, no problem. I had blackened Ahi on a tropical salad. Outstanding. Staff intruded just right.  Not too noisy for a business conversation at lunch.  I have not had their steaks.
Nice place, very cool atmosphere, and the food was good. The bread rolls were so good! soft and delicious. I had the wings which were good! crispy on the outside and tender inside. Very good service and the bananas foster creme brulee was very good!
Food was 5 Stars all the way.  Buffalo chicken wings were pleasantly hot, no breading but crispy skin.  The Ranch & Blue Cheese dressings are 100% homemade and taste like HEAVEN!  My steak tips were cooked perfectly medium rare, just as I ordered them.  The only reason for the 4 Stars instead of 5 is that our waiter was fairly slow & inattentive at times. Will go again soon!
Wow! What a nice surprise. The  food was great, I had the steak tips with garlic mashed potato it was fantastic. They have a large selection of beer on tap, nice and cold. Chips and salsa were also great the salsa is not from a can its made in the Kitchen.Service was normal not great and not horrible....
We went here on New Year's Eve 2013. The food was excellent with extremely tender steaks and fresh vegetables. The service left something to be desired having to ask several times for drinks and then waiting 40 minutes for my bill. I am putting this down to an extremely busy night and would definitely give the food 5 stars. Well worth a visit.
I walked in here to have a bite on a Saturday night while in Winter Haven waiting for my daughter's school dance to be over. Cheesy entertainment this night, but I see that some of the better bands in Polk County play here.  A bar atmosphere, I figured I would order a burger, wasn't expecting much, but you can't go wrong with a burger. Perusing the menu, however, I was intrigued. Mahi, seared tuna, lobster sauce. Someone in the kitchen is very creative. I ordered the Charred NY Strip, sweet potato, and vegetables. The steak was absolutely amazing! I love my steak charred, typically order "Pittsburgh". I could have cut this steak with the edge of my fork. The rub was delectable. Can't say enough, better than any steak I have had at Capital Grille, Fleming's, Ruth Chris, etc. Giving 4 star, as there are some small things that could make this place fabulous. Substantial silverware, better entertainment. Can't help but think this place would be full of people, if they had a better online presence, but I'm looking forward to my next visit very soon!
