I've been a member here for over a year.  I agree with a lot of Fred K's review.  This place is all about characters.  It is rough about the edges.  Parking can be frustrating in the winter. I usually stick to the cardio and cybex room.  It can get busy at times, but there is rarely ever a wait when I usually go during the late afternoon/early evening.  I also use the pool to swim laps in.  There is almost always a lane for me.  There is a great sense of community.  It won't take long for the staff to begin to recognize you, and welcome you into this community.
Make no mistake... this is a downtown YMCA.  It's that kind of vibe.  Rough around the edges.  It has the usual amenities that you find in all of them... though in an older, rambling facility.  Parking is an adventure.  But it has the two things you don't get in the burbs... character and characters.  I love it... I've been playing ball there since dinosaurs roamed the earth.  It's not for everyone.  You need a little 'street cred'... you have to be comfortable with all sorts of people from just about every walk of life.  But if you're looking for lunch time, weekday basketball then this is the place.  Will you fit in?  Take this simple test... You've just hit a shot that wins the game for your side.  You turn to the guy covering you and say... a) Oh well, just a game... it's a good workout win or lose b) Nice D, I hit a lucky shot c) Did you catch Limbaugh last night? d) Booyah... in your face ... back off fool, you don't want no more of this... uhhh uhhh losers off the court.  Next victim please.  C'mon... step up... don't be afraid.   If you didn't answer 'd' then perhaps one of the new plastic-fantastic suburban YMCAs is a better fit.  Besides, then you can still wear those old Dr. J shorts from the 70's and no one will snicker.  You can fearlessly tuck your shirt in and pull your long, white socks up to your knees if you like.  You'll get stock tips.  Legal and medical advice.  People will actually call you by your given name instead of some nickname that you can't remember how you got.  And they'll use words and phrases you understand.  You'll be comfortable.  Content.  You won't feel like you're trapped in a rap video. However... if you got some game left... and you can handle the constant 'give and take'... then there's no better noon-time action.  See Debbie at the desk and she'll give you the door code.
The place is falling apart, run by a manipulative liar who's primary concern is making the organization more money, not serving its charitable mission. He came out and lied to everyone, and he's probably aiming to shut down the ones in Troy and Schenectady next. After all, who needs to service the inner cities, when there's money to be made in Guilderland and Greenbush! So the Y is shutting down. CEO David Brown said get 700 new members and it would stay open, when they got 655 with a month to spare he says it doesn't count because after the typical numbers of members who have left, it's only about 400 new members. Even if it wasn't shut down now, it would be shut down soon, the place has been neglected for decades. The weight room in the basement has a leaking ceiling, the cushioned matts on the floor are torn and bunched in parts.  Putting a garbage can in the middle of the room to catch the leaks is not a long term solution anywhere but the Y. I don't know where to turn since Best Fitness has terrible reviews, have nothing to prove to the muscleheads at Albany Strength.
