Awesome burgers, cheese sticks... Any food you'll order will be quick, hot and delicious.  Friendly staff. Always a good atmosphere.  Worth the price
The air conditioner wasn't working that day or the settings are to run it @ 80, felt miserable trying to enjoy a burger with the family :( Great selection on craft beers though ours got warm in less than 5 minutes...The burgers were well seasoned and had a superb flavor
Maybe I went on an off day but my experience was not that great. I did not really enjoy the food. I may give it one more shot at a later time but for now its not on the top of my list.
So much food for a great price. It's hard to please everyone in your party, but all 5 if us LOVED our meals. Onion rings are delicious, and burger meat is so tasty.
We love this place. Very cool atmosphere.  The service is kind of slow sometimes, but we like their veggie burgers and the atmosphere so much, we still love this place.
Expectations...........I think that's the word that hangs most establishments. When you walk into an establishment with set expectations, I feel there is a greater chance the establishment will fail.  When I try a new place, I truly try to be objective in my opinion. I say that because I was told of this place by some friends whom I hold very near and dear to my heart. When they tell me something is "great", I have to believe it. So...on to the review....... We arrived approximately 4pm on a Saturday. I was a bit surprised there were not more people inside but was told it was kind of early and that later in the evening the place would surely be jumping. The atmosphere was a mix of sports, classic movies and so on. The music I heard was Elvis and even some Charley Pride. Not what I was expecting but still, very pleased. The hostess/bartender/server Staci (with an "i") was no less than pleasant and upbeat. She made you feel like you had been their dozens of times even though it was my first. The food - I ordered The Bubba burger that came with bacon and I added some BBQ sauce, side of onion rings and cole slaw. The burger was very top notch. Cooked just as I asked for. Not dried out, just the right amount of juiciness. The bacon on the burger was very crisp which is that way I think it should be. I hate soft, chewy bacon. The BBQ sauce was delectable on my tongue. Not too sweet, it kind of complimented the burger. The onion rings which I believe were beer battered were actually some of the BEST onion rings I've ever had. The cole slaw was fair. A little on the sweet side but I knew that when I ordered. They use a red cabbage base where I am use to a more greener cabbage. The prices are fair or better. A lot of food for under 10 bucks. I would love to try their shakes, wings and chili but that's for another time! Overall - a very good time. I didn't give it 5 stars because the heading for 5 stars is "woohooo.....as good as it gets". Well, I don't think it was the BEST I ever had but then again, I didn't walk in there thinking it would be. I wanted a pleasant experience with good food and good service. For that, they hit every mark spot on! From the time we entered and met the bartender/server to the time we left, I knew I found a place I would love to come back too. Perhaps a little later in the evening to see what they have going on at night. Bottom Line..... I WILL BE BACK!!
Opened a yelp account just to say it's always a good experience here. The sweet tasty murder is infectious. This time I brought two new couples to experience this gem of a burger joint. The only thing I could possibly knock is the expectations of fresh cut fries with a burger this good.
Burgers are great and huge, had the Texas Patty Melt and that is the one to stay away from. It wasn't Texas Toast but Dry stale slices of bread, If it weren't for the Juicy Burger it would have been difficult to eat. Otherwise the place is very Nostalgic and they show old movies on the big screen TV, usually Sci Fi it seems. The beer is cold and the Staff are very pleasant. Have had their other burgers and that's what earned them the 4 stars. They also have live music at intervals through out the year. check their site for details
Called ahead and had a coworker pick up lunch for the office. Definitely not your typical takeout!  I had the chopped bacon chicken pita with fries. Delicious! Stuffed full of chicken, bacon, cheese, and condiments, my foil wrapper was barely able to contain all the goodness. Fries were crinkly golden sticks of potato perfection! All for less than $10, I will definitely eat here again! Next on my plate-I've been told the burgers are top notch.
Quick summary: Awesome veggie burger, fries, and craft beer selection. Fair prices. Friendly staff and fast service. Love the atmosphere. Didn't get to try the milkshakes, but saw one being prepared and it looked divine. This place is like an old school 50s burger joint with a twist. I will definitely be stopping here again when I return to Lakeland.
Why 4 stars? Because who knew Lakeland??   ---   ---   --- Downtown Lakeland... it's a thing! I had no idea, and was fairly shocked at the whole situation. I imagine Lakeland to be pretty back-woods, without any semblance of an actual city. It couldn't be further from the truth. This is a legit downtown, and the Chop Shop is right in the middle of it. Jon H said I should order the Rebel or the Sturgis. It took a lot to decide, but I went with the Rebel. It was a solid choice, but I was so hungry, I think I would have eaten a patty of cat food between two buns. That doesn't take away from the juiciness of this burger though... it was pretty great. Cool vibe in here too. Kinda seems like the 1970's, but with some touches of modern, and lots of TV's all around. If I lived in the 863, I'd be back plenty. But considering this was my first time to come within 10 miles of Downtown Lakeland, it will probably be a while before I'm back.
Went here for an early dinner. Walking in, it was decorated with a rockabilly vibe to it, which was neat. You go up the the register, place your order, and they bring it out to you. I asked which was the most ordered burger and the lady said the suede burger. I went ahead and ordered it. It honestly wasn't anything fancy. A squirt of blue cheese sauce, and two onion rings in the burger. It wasn't the best burger I ever had... it was mediocre. I wasn't wow'ed by the Chop Shop, but it was a-ok, and I would go again to try another burger.
The burgers at The Chop Shop certainly live up to their legendary reputation! The woman taking my order suggested that my friend and I decide on two burgers to chop in half and share, giving us an opportunity to experience the different flavors. This is good advice to pass on given that the burger portions are plentiful. If you're looking for a burger experience then make your way over to The Chop Shop now!
In all honesty, it is probably the best place in Lakeland to get a burger. Although the prices are a little higher than most of the local eateries, it's well worth dishing out the extra cash. The burgers are always cooked to order and never disappoint. Chop Shop delivers a burger that possesses both quantity and quality. I have yet to leave the Shop hungry and unsatisfied. The burgers are so addicting that I have yet to try anything else on the menu. My personal favorite is the Blue Suede burger with a side of BCR fries. If you're ever in the area and want a delicious burger, this is the place to go.
Great atmosphere as well the food items, sad though the ac either wasn't working or the set point is to high, we were sweating like horses and the beers got warm within 10 minutes of being served.
I'm looking forward to visiting the new location but if they hadn't moved I would have gone back for another visit. The burgers are large, let me say that again, the burgers are large! Easily enough to share if you snuck in for a quick lunch. There was a decent sized crowd in there which makes me think those burgers must taste that good all the time. I had the black and blue and it was cooked to perfection. The cheddar fries put me over the top so I'll have to revisit with friends - soon
This place is great!!! The only negative thing I have to say about them is their small portions of fries. But everything else - fantastic! The burgers are easily shareable, and have a great taste! I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for some great food!
Ive eaten at The Chop Shop twice. When I came here the first time it was love at first sight, but I was playing hard to get. Well.. now they got me.  They have the best burgers Ive had in a while... so today Im giving them my silver, 25th review. On my first visit I went with The Rebel. They had me at the name and the burger lived up to it. A burger.. with pulled pork, coleslaw, cheddar chz and BBQ sauce on it. Shut the front door.. washed that baby down with one of their vanilla shakes. Who's countin' calories? Not this guy.. Today I had the Sturgis. Ill admit, I was a little nervous. Im not a big fan of Texas toast but there were some good reviews on this champ so I took the bait. At worst, I hoped the companion onion rings and hickory BBQ sauce would distract me from the toast. It didn't even matter. This thing was messy hands, burger juice all over your face, delicious. Great place. Its not just the food either. For me, it's the Rock N Roll, old skool diner feel. I don't even want to call it a diner. Think of a diner that has been dipped in Awesome. Yeah... that's about right.
Been here a few times and its always been good. Place has a 50's theme to it and their menu items are named after 50's era things. The Love Me Tenders are great, as are the burgers. Staff is friendly, beer selection is decent, and its in a good location downtown. We'll continue to come back.
I've been eating at Chop Shop since their very first days in business.  Like any small independently owned restaurant, they've had ups and downs and experiments gone awry and some gone very, very right. I love their burgers.  All of 'em.  I think the Sturgis is probably my favorite.  Some things you should know about them: The cheese on cheeseburgers is cheese sauce, not slices.  This makes for a messy burger, but fullon delicious cheesiness.   The bacon is crumbles.  See above.  One of the great things about this is that you never end up pulling all your bacon off in one bite.   I generally stick with the burgers, though they used to have a formidable gyro.  The veggie burger (blasphemy!) is tasty, I hear from trusted friends, and not one of those patties that falls to pieces.  Worth a mention. I suppose.  Service can be slow, but I attribute this to everything being made to order.  It takes time to cook a thick burger correctly.  Deal with it. The atmosphere was described as "emo-hipster" in another review.  Um.  No.  The owners are genuine rockabilly.  Nothing hipster and for f***ing-a SURE not emo.  Meet Ty and Abby and you'll know this to be true. If you love hot rod culture and awesome burgers served at fair prices by a family that cares, Chop Shop is the place.  My favorite burger in Lakeland.
I have challenged several of my die hard "Five-Guys-has-the-best-burgers" friends to try the Chop Shop. So far I am 5 for 5 (ironic huh?). Quality meat is where it starts. They have several specialty burgers to match your taste. My favorite is the regular cheeseburger (aka the Chopper), though a close second is the Sturgis a cheddar cheeseburger on Texas toast with fried onion rings & sweet hickory BBQ. Go on the First Friday of the month and they are likely to have a live band playing. The atmosphere is relaxed and holds true the biker image. Even the employees play the part well. Last time I was in there I spoke with one of the employees about their latest burger experiment (check there specials - they seem to the new items they are trying out); I look forward to what they come up with next.
I finally got to eat here yesterday after listening to the bf brag about the Rebel burger he had months ago. First the positives: + Awesome atmosphere. Rockabilly, casual, and fun. We instantly felt at home. Everyone was super friendly! + THE ONION RINGS. So good. The dip they come with (listed as parmesan ranch on the menu but it was definitely more) was killer, and would be awesome on just about anything. + I had the Texas Patty Melt, and it was probably the best patty melt I've had in recent memory. Lots of melty cheese, delicious buttery texas toast (that didn't get all soggy - yay!), and caramelized onions. Simple, but delicious. + They have woodchuck. Enough said. + The burger patties are verrrry sizeable. I got through about 3/4 of mine and was plenty full. Now the not-so-positives: - My burger was overcooked. Not terribly, but when I order a burger medium and it's fully grey inside, I am sad. The burger was still juicy, but not quite enough for me. When you pride yourself on having the best burgers "in Florida" (according to the website), cook them to clients' specifications! - Small portions on the fries and onion rings, which is especially odd considering how ginormous the burgers are. Overall an awesome experience, and I'll definitely be back if I'm in Lakeland again.
Terrible. Service is bad. Food mediocre. Place was slow when I got there and they still took forever (about 20 min) to bring my burger, which was over cooked. Bad experience over all. Fries are ok but def not my favorite. There are a lot of options if you like a good burger, unfortunately the Chop Shop is not one of them.
We went to The Chop Shop after discovering that most of the other downtown businesses had closed for the evening. What a great discovery! I ordered the patty melt and tator tots. I have no idea what kind of bread it was served on or what kind of cheese kept the yumminess together, but boy, it was yum-o! The tator tots were super crispy! I can't wait to go back! Besides the patty melt, Chop Shop also has burgers, hot dogs, pulled pork, and salads on the menu (and probably some other things that I am forgetting). You can chose fries, tator tots, or onion rings (I think tots and rings are a small up charge - like .50). The decor is a hodge podge of local artist's work, beer signs and posters. Overall, it's a fun business downtown with tons of great food.
Think diner/bar with a Rockabilly vibe. A little slice of Americana filled with a mishmash of vintage art/posters, checker pattern & neon. The staff is pretty on point and Stacy is just awesome. Always met with a friendly "hello" and leave the place with a "thanks for coming". I frequent downtown often for lunch and this is the only spot where I'm greeted by first name. So for anyone who claimed bad service, maybe you just caught them on an off day. As far as the food they are known for their substantial burgers. Maybe not the best burger you've ever had, but damn good burgers you'll come back for. My favorite has to be The Rebel. Roll up your sleeves and get some extra napkins. The burgers are cooked to a juicy medium, but top them with pulled pork & red cabbage slaw and it becomes a hot delicious mess. Not feeling the burger then try the Rebel Dogs and get the same great toppings on (2) Nathan's all beef hot dogs instead. My other default is usually the Chicken Bacon Pita. The chicken is grilled with rosemary/garlic and then shaved into thin slices. A lot of flavor packed into a handy wrap. Triple Decker Club & Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches are also good options. For sides the fries are like Steak 'n Shakes and the onion rings are decent but not memorable. What I would highly recommend is upgrading to either Tots & Queso or BCR Tots. Oh bacony, cheesy, ranchy goodness! Last but not least the wings, they're back! No puny wings here, large, fried well, and top with fresh mixed buffalo sauce. If you've left any room finish off with one of their milk shakes. The seasonal ones are great and Orange Creamsicle or Oreo are always good. This summer The Chop Shop moved just a couple doors down to where The Gym used to be. With the change in location they've added a full bar, pool table, TV's & a lot more seating. The menu has been trimmed down a bit, but the crowd favorites are all still there. They've done a great job of filling the space and having the covered outdoor patio for additional seating is a nice improvement. Glad to see the place cementing itself in the downtown Lakeland scene.
I went here with my wife based on the reviews and I have to say I don't feel the same way as a lot of people apparently. Let's start with the service - for anyone confused, this is not a fast casual restaurant. I'm sure you can order stuff beforehand and come pick it up, but we ordered as we got there and waited close to a half hour for burgers and fries, and it was only us and three guys at the bar! The food - the fries were alright, about the average loaded cheese fries you can get a lot of places. The burger was good yes, but it tasted just like a burger you would fire up on the grill in the backyard, and my family has been making those for years. Good? Yes. Worth $8? Probably not.
After reading nine 5-star reviews, I was expecting the most amazing, mind blowing burger I had ever had. What I got was definitely above average. Good to very good. Not the greatest. The fries were good, but the fry portion was a bit small. However, the huge sloppy Rebel burger compensated for the small order of fries. The fries were unsalted, but once s&p were applied they were decent. The atmosphere of The Chop Shop is emo-hipster cool. It seemed like it was trying to be a restaurant in Austin, TX. It has a 50s diner decor. Neon pabst signs, and other beer signs. There was 1950s-70s movies and cartoons playing on a small tv screen, and lots of "Americana" license plates. A lot of rockabilly and 50s Nashville country playing over speakers in the background. Beer selection was very good for a diner style burger place. Yeungling, a few yellow beers, and woodchuck amber cider on draft in addition to many cans (including PBR) and bottles. They also had wine, but if I'm eating a burger, I tend towards beer. The burger didn't live up to the 5 star hype. It was good. The Rebel came with BBQ pork on it, plus BBQ sauce and slaw. It was hella-sloppy. And while there were a lot of flavors, none of the flavors were exceptional. A solid burger to be sure, but I've had several better burgers. Expectations make for hard critics. If you're in Lakeland, I would recommend a visit. But don't go out of your way, or expect the best burger of your life.
We stopped in thinking it was more then it actually was. They serve burgers and sandwiches, not much more. Our meals were good. I had the Rebel. This is a cheddar cheese burger topped with pork bbq and coleslaw. Not bad. We have had better. The onion rings were greasy. My partner had a cheese burger and fries. We asked for crispy fries and were told there was no need to order them that way since they cooked their fries perfectly. Note to owner: you don't cook them perfectly and when a customer wants well done fries tell your staff to let your customer order them that way. We are also not feeling well so I am not seeing a return trip in the future. Try them and see if you like them.
This place is amazing! I had the Texas Patty Melt and Mary Beth had the Blue Suede burger. I thought mine was the best burger I ever had until I took a bite of Mary Beth's. Now I'm confused. Old movies on the TV, oldies on the juke nice friendly atmosphere. Beer is cold and wells are strong. Nothing bad to say at all, great eats!
Im ashamed of myself for not writing a review yet for my favorite burger place in lakeland. Seriously, it doesnt get better than this family-ran, rock-n-roll type diner. Ive tried many things here..the blue suede burger(I love a good blue cheese burger), the texas patty melt, and also their pulled pork sandwiches when on special. All have been mind blowing treats. Their french fries are to die for, as well. Ive always been made to feel at home here, they treat their customers in a way that keeps them coming back. The chop shop is another reason why downtown lakeland is awesome and continues to thrive.
Best burgers in Polk County. Friendly service too. The new location has great outdoor seating.
We went here due to the high rating on Yelp. We're from out of town and a great burger place fit our family for the evening; six adults.   First the food order was brought out wrong so that 2 people did not get their order, and they had to start over.  When we did finally get our burgers, they were extremely rare even though they had been ordered as well done. I finally took my burger to the counter and said to take it off my ticket.  I could not eat it and would not allow them to remake it.  The 2nd person waited even longer and took her burger to go. They provided no discount for the inconvenience. I left hungry and with this opinion of never going there again.
The Chop Shop has recently moved into a bigger place next door from where it use to be. It looks awesome. It has a great downtown vibe and I think it's the best place to eat in downtown Lakeland. Amazing food and very nice awesome employees! Bring your dog and they offer a dog water bowl from behind the bar ;P
Fun place to grab some good old American food with friends downtown. Try the shroom burger and cheese and bacon fries. Friendly, fun and fabulous!
Their burgers are absolutely the best! Love the new location!
Excellent burger.  Juicy, tasty, big.  Could've enjoyed a few more fries as others have said.  But not bad at all.
Great spot for burgers and sandwiches..you will not leave hungry.
Their web site requires flash and hence iPhone/iPad and corporate PC (flash player forbidden) unfriendly so I can't see their menu.  Too bad to lose business because of a bad web site.
The Chop Shop has improved tenfold since my early visits after opening.  Hip vibe. checkered tablecloths, memorabilia decor, two rooms.  Music not torturously loud.  I am never impressed with the "order at the counter, take a number, we'll call ya" style restaurants.  This one takes VERY long for your food.  Nobody seems to be in a hurry.  We received a thick, properly cooked hamburger--that we split it was so large.  It was good but not the flavorful bite of S&L or Chili's Oldtimer.  Catsup and mustard come in "push" containers on a condiments bar.  My friend liked her taco salad.  The tater tots substituted for fries were stellar--but a smaller portion compared to fries. We were unclear how to clean up or whether to leave a tip.  But for awkwardness and finesse in taste this place is pretty neat and worth the dive into the menu.  Prices are fine-not high, not low.
The absolutely best burger in Polk County! There is nothing else to say, I could pontificate for several paragraphs about exactly what makes this place so special, but I'll leave it at this; if you like hamburgers... get yourself to the Chop Shop! You will not be disappointed!
Lackluster burgers and very slow service
Used to go here all the time. Had a "roadrunner" sandwich which was awesome. Came back to Lakeland one weekend and it the quality and selection went down in the matter of a year. No more roadrunner. Still a pretty good place. Not as good as before though. A little disappointing.
Took a trip from Tampa to check out this place based on reviews we read.  We walked in and felt immediatly welcomed.  I browsed the menu and it took me 20 seconds to decide what I wanted and I wanted the Sturgis.  Cheddar cheese burger on Texas toast topped with onion rings and bar-b-que sauce.  Oh boy....this is gonna be good!  Got my burger and it was pretty and smelled great.  It took me a few eager bites before I could get all the good stuff in at once.....which was not a bad thing by my burger standards.  After a couple of full bites of the good stuff I slowly came to realization that it was just.....meh and that made me sad.  It was a solidly decent burger but not the burger epiphany I was hoping for.  We will visit again and give some other menu items a shot for sure!  If you are in Lakeland and hungry give this spot a try.
Best burger I've ever had! It reminds me of grilling out by the pool when I was a little kid. The bun is so delicious and the cheddar cheese queso mmmmmm! Love this place!
Burgers are the best around; the pork sandwich is worth having again and again, the service is friendly (and quirky, which I love), and the atmosphere is fun. One of the highlights in a revitalized downtown Lakeland!
One word.....Delicious!!!!!!!
We go here fairly often.  The last time we went there were 11 of us... relatives from the U.K. We're in town. We got excellent food and excellent service.  Food is always great.  Great diner and bar. The owners are always very friendly and always ask how things are. Highly recommend!
Best burger in lakeland, great tots, very cool vibe
Decent food. Good counter service.  Fries are good.
Tried for the first time and were extremely pleased. The large bar dominates the space, and we were greeted warmly by the bartender. She explained how to order, the drink specials, etc. There were two in our party and we each ordered burgers, one on an artisan bun and the other on texas toast. Both were char cooked as ordered, and the french fries and onion rings were superb. Service excellent. Will be back to try other menu items.
I recently went to Chop Shop again and brought my husband this time hoping to get him to try a new place to eat for a change.  I had the Chopper burger which was delicious but not cooked the way I requested.  I asked for medium but it was medium rare.  My husband ordered the chicken fingers buffalo style.  For the amount we paid for the chicken fingers, it should have been a much larger order.  There was 3 medium sized fingers and only a handful of fries.  It was not enough for an adult.  It was more like a child's portion.  He says it tasted good but he would not order it again.  He was going to get the wings but the menu says "market price". There's no sign in the restaurant to let you know how much they cost and how many you get.  For that reason he chose not to order them.  I will still return for the burgers which seems to be their specialty but my husband was not impressed.
This place is just awesome. We went on a Friday night when they had live music, and there's nothing better than walking in to a cover of Deep Purple's "Smoke on the Water." I ordered the Blue Suede burger, a burger probably the size of my face and packed with all the fixings plus melted blue cheese and fried onion rings. It was greasy gloriousness. To complete the meal I, of course, had to get a PBR in a can. From what I could see they also have a good handful of beers on tap. The Chop Shop also has a few tables out front for those who can bear the heat, so we unwound and finished our beers out there. Can't wait to go back!
