Favorite lunch spot! The Mushroom and brie is amazing and the server marissa is even better
Tried it out again, 16oz latte extra shot. The one star says it all! Hot milk with hints of espresso is what I got.. frustrating because it was not crowded this time and still, not sure if it is the training of the "barista" or the machine but it is truly sad for a place called Black and Brew to have mediocre coffee! The sandwiches smelled good though!!
I have never been wow-ed by anything I've eaten here, but the service is good and it is a convenient location for a casual business meeting. Soup are reliable- definitely a step up over the canned grocery store varieties when I'm getting over a sore throat. I wish more non chain businesses would have online ordering like B&B does!
Great, quaint little coffee shop in downtown Lakeland area.  They have a variety of local and home brewed coffee. Has outdoor seating and a nice inside area too.
Visited this adorable coffee shop recently for a meeting with a dear friend of mine who lives in the area. The feel is totally chill, calm, and classic. The girls who worked there were sweet and friendly. As for the coffee itself? I enjoyed a white chocolate mocha (2 shots of espresso at 8pm? I was flying!) which was absolutely delicious. Definitely recommend this spot.
This is a solid lunch/light dinner spot. I had the iced coffee and meltdown sandwich, both were very good. The service was also excellent. My only reason for knocking it a star is because of the expresso menu and the fact my side was bagged chips. Make the next step and bring some more to the menu. Add cuban coffee and/or make homemade chips
I love busy coffee shops and Black and Brew greeted my entrance warmly with whiffs of coffee scents, café fare, and lively chatter. BREWING UP SOME GRUB Coffee shop AND café (emphasis on café) because after the little coffee station taking orders at the entrance you can also peer into the kitchen at the very rear. With a brick layout and a mix of high-tops and small tables, this area is much larger inside than I thought and can accommodate the laptop workers as well as lunch crowd. In sitting at the back I was mildly disturbed by the floor--whenever a particular larger woman walked past my table grumbled (and she wasn't even that huge). And there's not that many outlets for the laptop crowd. LOVING THE GRUB My Chicken Ranch Club Sandwich looked very visually plain--but it was a good simple with straight-forward natural flavors. The Sweet Tango Salad came with an awesome Berry Vinaigrette dressing which mixed excellently with the Blue Cheese crumbles. Texture and flavor melting pot! I also took in a Gingerbread Latte (which was a special at the time) and while the Gingerbread was well represented, it wasn't too sweet or spicy.
My favorite coffee shop in Lakeland.  Great service, delicious menu, and even their registers are state-of-the-arch. It's the first place I take visiting friends.
Great coffee and tea selection as well as craft beers and soda. The food is also really good. Free wifi and outside seating makes it a great place to get some work done.
You know, it is not that hard to brew a good cup of coffee. You don't need fancy brewing methods. You don't need cute tattooed and pierced hipster-chicks behind the counter either. The regular coffee was terrible. Flat flavor. Acidic. Bitter. I tried to mask the bitterness with some half-and-half. Maybe it was yak's milk in that carton, because it made the coffee even worse. After several failed attempts with the regular coffee, I tried the espresso. Only once did the espresso carry some taste other than of the burnt-coffee variety. It took me several visits to realize that their name is a facade, and that oversized espresso machine is nothing but a fancy center piece for the main counter. The coffee house culture they portray is a decoration, a wispy veil designed to sell not coffee but sandwiches, flatbreads and soups, some of which are pretty good. On the flip side, they carry beer pre-bottled by micro-breweries which go well with the flat-breads on the menu. They are open late unlike other alleged coffee houses in the area. Their location is a welcome reprieve from the smoky and hair-gel infused downtown bars (ughh!). Their staff is always cheerful, even during rush hour. I patronize this restaurant for reasons other than coffee.
So good it makes me wish I were a local! I ate here twice during my stay in Lakeland; both times for lunch. You place your order at the counter and your food is brought to you by a server,  I had Michael's Summer Salad.  I requested Romaine lettuce only, chicken and Gorgonzola.  They filled my requests with a smile. I ate at a table on the sidewalk.  The lettuce was crisp, the veggies and fruit were fresh.  The dressing was paired perfectly with the toppings and had just the right amount of flavor. The atmosphere inside was hip. The service was friendly. I had the iced tea.  It was good.
Great location for a stroll in Munn Park! I came on a busy night. The wait was understandable and the staff was friendly. Great drinks and a good atmosphere, not to mention their clever name :)
My first visit to downtown Lakeland was a little bland and this cute, local coffee shop put a spark in my day. It was extremely minimalistic and pleasant. It's across the street from a lovely park and just puts a smile on the face of this street. Options of different seating is always a plus, sometimes I like tall tables, sometimes short. The sandwiches are not so impressive but the coffee drinks are fabulous. Nice staff and just a great spot to work from for a couple of hours while you relax. The one thing I didn't really dig was the layout of the place but it was ok. I did love the artwork they had up, very local and inspiring.
I stopped in to this non-chain coffee shop when I was in Lakeland this week, and was impressed by the time put into the interior of the establishment. They had a cool photographic banner telling all who entered that the shop was established in May of '06, which was also impressive. I ordered an iced latte with an extra shot, as most iced lattes from automatic espresso machines are very weak, and I was dissapointed to find that even with an extra shot in it; tasted mostly like milk. I do have to give them credit, they are trying hard, and it is not St@rbucks.  It is obvious that someone put alot of time and money into this place, I just wish their coffee was stronger.
I don't give five stars lightly, but I have really come to enjoy Black and Brew. I am sitting here now and have just finished a marvelous summer salad. We are pausing for a few minutes to let a much-needed rainshower pass and we are watching bicyclists whiz past every few minutes. I am not a coffee drinker, so the appeal for me are the fresh salads and sandwiches. Other members of the fam do enjoy coffee and they tell me it's good. Today two of us ate for about $24, which included a large salad, a two-item selection including tomato soup and a salad, two iced teas, and we split a large piece of chocolate cake. All of the food was superb and the service is always friendly but not overbearing. Live music courtesy of a talented guitarist met us as we arrived and there were a few folks enjoying internet access. It was a pleasant time and we look forward to our next visit.
Aside from the Terrace, only place downtown for breakfast.  Happily, it's excellent at every turn: coffee, treats, sandwiches, and breakfast items. We had panini - one with roasted vegetables, one featuring mushrooms, and another with ham & cheese, all were excellent.  We had glasses of their featured wine, and loved that too. We would recommend it to anyone for any meal. The dining area is quite open and should not be difficult for a wheelchair or power chair to navigate.  Sounds tend to reverberate, so it can be difficult if you're sensitive to noise (like me).  Other than the food, there's not much to distract young children.
It's nice to have something other than McDonald's in Lakeland. Black and Brew gives us reprieve from the fast food jungle. It is a cute little cafe in downtown Lakeland. When I arrived it was a little late for lunch and early for dinner, so there were only a few people inside. I just grabbed carry out, but I ordered a half turkey brie cranberry panini and half of a wedge salad. The panini was excellent: perfectly cooked turkey, not overdone or dry, melted warm brie, and a tangy cranberry chutney. The wedge was a standard wedge, nothing extra, but not lacking either. It was a satisfying meal, and the girl at the counter was very polite and helpful while I was deciding. I'd like to return to try some other options. Great place.
Black & Brew has become a trendy hotspot in downtown Lakeland, sporting a contemporary "young" feel.  A true coffee shop, you almost feel you should be sporting a laptop or book under one arm to enter.  There are a couple outdoor cafe seats available.  Food items are on the pricey side as a la carte items but are quite tasty.  Order at a counter, the food is brought to you.  Service was swift, clerks were helpful. The menu offers some wonderful soups, regulated by the day of the week. Today I saw "fire roasted vegetable" and "mushroom & brie".  A regular soup is about $4 for a cup, a premium soup is about $5. They have quite a few salads, of both veggie or meat persuasions.  Upon their advice, I ordered their current most popular "summer salad", a spring mix oozing with craisins, pecans, apple slices, orange pieces, grape tomatoes and cukes. I found the cukes out of place in this salad, the craisins & nuts overpoured and the apples difficult to eat in larger slices than the rest of the food items.  I ate every morsel mind you!  I believe it was a honey lime dressing, the taste did not stand out but went well. They offer a few select wines and specialty beers besides the coffee repertoire.  I received a very flat Diet Coke.  They have sandwich, flatbread and breakfast menus.  Delicious $5 desserts beckoned, but I struggled and resisted--white chocolate cheesecake, traditional carrot cake, something very very chocolatey. The ambiance and service deserve 5-stars.  The food presentation "looks" 5-star but was a little more scrambly in taste and construction.  It is the kind of place you want to return to more than once, to find that little "sump'n sump'n" that suits your fancy to a 'T'.  I know it exists there.  I'll continue the hunt.
Really good sandwiches, HUGE salads, awesome environment.  I guess they don't have a ventilation system because the only minus of eating inside is that you leave smelling like a panini.  They run this place very professionally and it is always clean. You order from the counter, but they bring the food and drinks out to you, which eliminates the buzzers and crowds at the counter like Panera. The spicy thai panini is one of my favorites, the thai peanut sauce is SO good.  Also their honey ham and swiss sandwich is really good.  It comes on a croissant, which I always ask to be "lightly pressed."  Try it that way.   You can't go wrong here.
O my goodness I went there for lunch and it was pretty cheap and I loved it! I highly recommend this restaurant the food was fresh and well prepared, the size was perfect and the waitress were sweet! Good sandwiches, salad and coffee! Hope you go!
Best little coffee and tea shop in Lakeland.  Black & Brew is such a treat, and a great departure from the norm that is Starbucks.  This place is far superior!  I always enjoy going here when I'm back in town. I've stopped in for coffee, for business meetings, to hang out, etc.  It's delish every time! There is ample seating for socializing or working - a decent place to come with a laptop if you just need to get out of the office/house but still stay productive. Their food is tasty and the espresso drinks are brewed fresh and made with care.
Great lunch spot.  Sandwiches are tasty, salads are decked out with great toppings (just a peak at the menu).   The online ordering feature is also very easy to use if you are on a schedule. Ironically, I've never had the coffee, but they have the ambiance nailed, so the coffee can't be that bad, right?  Isn't coffee just as much about the experience as it is about the beans?
I've been gone to this place often for the meetings. This is a perfect location in the front of the park! There are several round tables with chairs outside. It has offered WIFI to use laptop.   Their menu is amazing!  One of my favorite sandwiches from Black and Brew Coffee House is Spicy Thai Peanut Sandwich!  (Premium roasted chicken breast, red & green bell peppers, green onions, julienned carrots and spicy Thai peanut sauce on ciabatta bread.)   Yummmy!   The price is reasonable! :-)
Best little coffee shop in the area.  Located on Munn Park in Downtown Lakeland, this little shop is a cozy place that serves really good beverages and good food as well.  Their salads are both tasty and eye appealing.  I have not had a bad soup there.  I love their chocolate cake.  It is layered with chocolate chips, choco cake, and a ganache type of layer.  Decadent! The staff if nice and accommodating.  We go there often to relax, have a drink, and sometimes watch a movie on our computer. They sometimes host special events from music to comedy.  On those nights it is a good idea to reserve a table.
Great locally owned cafe.  Lunch was delicious and the wide variety of menu items was refreshing.  The Carolina pulled pork hoagie was flavorful and not too heavy. The Grilled Cheddar cheese sandwich was the perfect blend of cheese with veggies.  The sweet tea was refreshing and the perfect accompaniment to our selections!  We'd definitely stop by again!
Great local coffee shop in a nice downtown setting. Good atmosphere, good food, good staff.
Awesome! I LOVE Black & Brew. They have excellent everything. Anytime I take a friend who hasn't tried them before they always ask "what do you suggest?" I always say "Everything." It's that simple! They have awesome soups, salads, paninis, coffee, hot chocolate and more. I love their breakfast sandwiches and now they offer dinner too! Support your local coffee house and check them out!
While visiting the area I stopped in for a sandwich and espresso. The panini was excellent, not just good, excellent. The ambience was subdued and relaxing. For anyone in the area I suggest stopping by.
A nice local business!  Everyone is always friendly and helpful.  Jake, the kitchen manager, will always do what he can to make sure you are satisfied with your order.  The turkey and Brie is delicious!  Try their seasonal offerings, too!  A little sad the Tuscan sandwich is no longer on the seasonal menu.
Black & Brew - Fantastic place!  Great food at a great price!  We went 3 times during our 4 day stay (drive 20 min to get there) We had sandwiches for lunch, breakfast sandwiches for breakfast that were both fantastic!  Their beer menu has a great range and more that I wanted to try then I could in one sitting!  On our way to the airport we stopped to grab a drink and they had a fresh mint lemonade which is a froze drink that is so refreshing - I do love mint and this was crazy good.  My husband doesn't usually like mint but loves limes and thought it tasted a little like limeade so he enjoyed it too.  Wish we had one of these in our area too.
Large coffee shop for the quaint feeling you get. Very local. Good coffee, delicious desserts, and perfect for lunch. Nice outdoor seating overlooking the park too. Best coffee shop in the area.
One of Lakeland's best spots.
This is a nice little restaurant with good vibes.  We both had flatbreads and they were good.  The food was good and the atmosphere was great.
Like a locally owned Panera, Black and Brew serves up tasty a.m. and p.m. choices. Coffee drinks from simple to fancy, beers, sandwiches, soups and the fanciest glass-bottled water this side of the Mississippi. We got four lunch meals and totaled $48 with drinks, including a 20 oz coffee and two beers, so not bad. We gave the food a four overall, with only one roast beef sandwich underperforming. Otherwise it was a nice change of pace! Nice location by the park, too. Great for locals and visitors. Nice job Lakeland.
Nice quiet coffee and sandwich shop with great sandwiches. I love their soups, and the prices are just right.
Good food, drinks, and desserts..locally owned and operated.. You can't go wrong when looking for a lunch spot.
Very nice little local coffee shop! My wife and I found it when we were doing a First Friday at the park next door, and are very happy we did! The coffees and desserts are good, and it seems like a good place to relax. We will be back!
They will customize anything you ask for, even drinks! Great customer service and amazing sandwiches and soups.
I am a coffee drinker and have been there twice now and have not had room for coffee after an AWESOME lunch there.   Fresh, different, YUMMY pressed sandwiches.   Incredible soups also!  A little pricy for lunch but the food is soooo good it's worth it.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Lakeland. This local site has all the downtown charm and awesome service one can want on a fast lunch getaway or on a leisurely evening out. Check out their awesome specials and sign up for their email offers. You won't be disappointed.
Absolutely no complaints here...only the Kudos!  Great little place in quaint downtown Lakeland to grab a bite (the  turkey, brie, and cranberry panini was fabulous) and a great tasting caramel latte.  Definitely a keeper and one I've recommending to friends looking for a break from Tampa.  Wish we had a place like this in our downtown area.
One of the best independent coffee shops in town. I'm a fan of Mitchell's as well, but the baristas at Black & Brew do a better job at making lattes and cappucinnos to my preference. This place is also always crowded for lunch.
Very cute little coffee shop. I enjoyed our visit very much. The food was very good! The menu selection I was impressed with. The service was mediocre.
All the positive things the people below me said about Black & Brew are true. AND I just have to point out, that this place really cares about customers and the Lakeland community as a whole. It's more than a business or a trendy coffee shop. I'm not just saying this, and no I'm not friends with the owner. Among other things, Black & Brew has helped the Circle K International chapter at Southeastern University in their community service endeavors. Not just through financial support, but beyond that,  their employees have also gone to do service projects with CKI. From cleaning, painting, and doing yard work for citizens in our community who are handicapped....to supporting us through Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week. What they have done for CKI and through CKI is the tip of the iceberg. Black & Brew cares about the people of Lakeland, and that makes me even happier as I drink my coffee at their place :)
Black & Brew is a nice little coffee/sandwhich shop downtown Lakeland.  We were driving around looking for somewhere to eat and there are very few choices that I could see during my morning/afternoon trip to Lakeland.  I scouted potential places to visit prior to taking my trip, and when my friend mentioned Black & Brew I remembered all the glowing reviews everyone gave this place.  I parallel parked right in front of the restaurant and walked right in.  Staff was cheery and attentive and did put on their best to smile and be friendly.  I ordered the Meltaway which proved to be very delicious and it came with a pickle and some bbq chips.  Prices are reasonable.  About $7 gets you a good meal.  They also have the half salad, half sandwhich deal for $6.95.  The place seemed to get very popular around lunch time, so Im glad we were there early enough to beat the lunch crowd. :)  Id recommend this as a good lunchtime spot for anyone in the area for a bit.
Purchased the Asian salad without the chicken.  It was ok except for the brown carrot shreds.  It was not a freshly prepared lettuce mixture, probably from a bag.  The wait time for the salad (especially not freshly prepared) was too long.
Wow, my hubby and I were hunting the Terrace Hotel in Lakeland and stopped into the the Black & Brew, which is just a few doors down, and decided to stay for breakfast.  What a great choice that was. My husband and I both ordered breakfast sandwiches and they were delicious. I had the sausage, egg, and cheese on croissant and he had the same with bacon. Even though it was breakfast time, we couldn't resist the cake calling out to us from the display counter. It's call the '1,001 Chocolate Chip Cake' and it is aptly named. The creamy filling between the layers is chocked full of chocolate chips and the layers are moist and chocolate-y, too.  I doubt there's anything diet about the cake, but it was well worth every single calorie!  We had planned to eat at the Terrace Hotel because our children had recommended the breakfast to us, but the menu and ambiance of the Black and Brew was so inviting that we decided to try them instead.  I don't think the Terrace's breakfast could have been any better than our meal at the Black & Brew and I'm sure we saved about $20-$25 dollars, to boot.  Our meal of two breakfast sandwiches, two 16 oz. coffees ($1.00 with the purchase of a breakfast sandwich) and the decadent chocolate cake came to around $13.00. The rest of the menu looked delicious with a wide variety of sandwiches, salads, flats, and hot and cold coffee drinks, as well as desserts. I would definitely put a trip to the Black & Brew on your 'to-do' list if you're anywhere near the Lakeland, Florida area. It will definitely be on ours when we're in the area again.
You will never (willingly) go to Starbucks again after coming to the Black & Brew. They make the best frozen coffee drinks I've ever had (and I consider myself a bit of an expert at this!). Location is great (I was there on a busy Saturday but there was plenty of street parking) and the cafe is very clean. Highly recommend!
This is my go-to lunch spot (even though I'm a good 15 minutes away) when I want real food and a relaxing get-away from work. The food tastes like it was actually MADE by someone, not just taken out of the case and warmed up. I feel like the prices are more than fair for a coffee-cafe. The inside ambience is great and I've never felt crowded in there. I can imagine it would be a fun hangout in the evening. You can sit outside if the weather is nice, or get it to-go and sit in Munn Park right across the street. The online ordering is also super helpful if you're on tight schedule, though I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for my food. Watch out if you're not from the area though, Google Maps does a horrible job finding it.
Excellent cold coffee drinks and I generally don't like things with cold coffee. Staff is courteous and cheerful.
meh. i've experienced better sums it up perfectly. food is ok, coffee drinks are ok, staff was friendly.
