One of the easiest 5 star ratings I've given so far. Elena's Cuban Café is hands-down the best Cuban cuisine you're going to find in Central Florida. Nothing that they make is short of fabulous. I bounce back & forth between the chicken fricassee and the picadillo. I've known the owners of this place for years, and having eaten at Cuban places all over this State, Elena's is outstanding. Why is it so good? Partly because the food is made with love, but also because of the fact that they stay true to the dishes and don't mess with tradition. What most people don't realize is that to make many of the dishes that people love to order for lunch, they are there long before dawn preparing them. The people are so nice, friendly, and truly love what they do. The portion sizes are more than plentiful and the restaurant is clean. Their cuban sandwich is awesome. Their black beans and rice are awesome. If you want the real deal, visit Elena's. Not enough stars to explain how good their food is.
This review is based on lunch - and by "lunch", I mean the croquettas, potato ball, the empanada and a cuban sandwich. So full disclosure - I'm a white girl. I grew up with pretty much no exposure to Latin food, hence why when I go to a new place I just pick a few things. That being said, I agree with pretty much everyone else here in that everything was seriously awesome. So tasty and fresh and...ahhhh I want to go back like right now! Elena's...please don't ever leave me. Seriously.
Awesome and authentic food! My husband and I love this place, it's our go to restaurant! We have yet to have anything bad. The prices are extremely reasonable to go along with the delicious food. The atmosphere is friendly along with the workers and owners. We highly recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
I had to try their Cuban sandwich and it was very good! I was the only customer there, so I have to wonder if the large family that owns this place needs to step up their game. The decor could use improvement and although the food was good, I don't plan on returning.
Visited Elena's for lunch en route to St Petersburg. I had a Medianoche sub with ham croquetas on the side. The sub was delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed devouring the sub. My wife ordered a plate of black beans and rice, of which I almost ate all. Portion sizes are very generous and very well priced. This place is a gem that I intend to revisit.
Cuban food is not my forte but the churrasco con salsa chimichurri ($12.99), I ordered, was pretty darn delicious!  The skirt steak was well seasoned and nicely prepared.  Salsa chimichurri was flavorful with a kick from chili, which complimented the steak wonderfully.  Fried plantain was sweet and scrumptious as well. The restaurant serves cafeteria style.  Menu items are limited.  There are weekly and daily special items ($9.48-$12.99), kid menu ($2.99-$3.99, fried dishes, ensalada, desserts, pastries and sandwiches ($3.99-$5.99). Service was friendly, fast and efficient.
Amazing. The Churrasco with chimichurro is impeccable. Chicken and yellow rice was great but I've had better in Miami. Plantains and white rice and beans all awesome. The main guy (didn't get his name) is really nice, I chatted with him about getting him a "People love us on Yelp" sticker! Be sure to give them a review so Yelp will send one out soon enough! :p Come here, and feast well. :)
Yum, yum, and more yum!  I'm crazy about Cuban food and have had some of the best that Miami has to offer.  Well, Lakeland, Florida has a little jewel in Elena's.  I don't think we had to wait more than five minutes for our food.  It was delivered hot, fresh, and with a smile and thanks.   We had the Cuban sandwich which was toasted to perfection with oozing cheese, thinly sliced ham and pork, and tangy mustard to go along with the mayonnaise and crunchy pickle.  On top of that, we had the black beans and rice with onions added.  Mmmm...soooo good.  Black beans and rice are like the French fries of Cuban cuisine.  Once you start eating them you can't stop.  We also had maduros (sweet/ripe fried plantains) and ham croquettes.  The ham croquettes could have stayed in the deep fryer a minute longer, but they were delicious just the same. The restaurant was clean and comfortable and the service was great.  We also ordered some food to go and it was ready just as we were done with our meal.  I'd love to go back and try the empanadas (which my sister raves about) and one of their fruit shakes. All in all, a wonderful, filling, affordable meal and I'd love to be one of their frequent fliers!
Everything's was amazing. I had beef empanadas to start and then the skirt steak, white rice w/ black beans, and maduros. The skirt steak was super flavorful and tender, cooked to perfection!!!!
By far, Elena's Cuban Cafe is the best in Lakeland, maybe even Polk County.  It's nothing fancy, but the food is authentic and two people can easily eat for $20 or under.  Their Cuban sandwiches are awesome along with all of their other offerings.  We just have to stop every time we drive by their location.  Call ahead and pickup thru their drive thru window if time is limited.  I cannot say anything negative about Elena's!
I'll have to admit, I wasn't too impressed at first and thought this would be a 3 out of 5 star review. The Cuban sandwich I had was good, not great. There was a good selection of domestic and foreign colas. The atmosphere and service were just okay.....Then I had the flan. Amazing! Go there just for that and it'll be worth your trouble. Who knows, maybe you'll find something else on the menu to enjoy!
Yum authentic Cuban food. Recently moved to new location on Edgewood.   Small restaurant, clean. Old Cuba pics decorate the walls.   Features two Cuban hot dishes with rice nightly.  Cuban sodas in the cold case are a treat. El Presidente (Dominican) beer $3.00.    Love the hamburguesa--Cuban burger, spicey & fried.  They do a nice "small party" and catering job.  Great ropa viejo (shredded beef).  Menu in both languages.  Yum guava pastries.  Super flan.  I love their sweet caramelly plantains.  $2.00 salad.  $3.00 desserts (five choices).  $3.00 shakes--coco, papaya, pineapple, mamey, mango, wheat.  A great Latina experience!  Priced right.
Excellent Cuban food in a tiny casual hole in the wall.  Their black beans and rice is great and you won't find better Flan anywhere.  All their food is well prepared and tasty.  Be warned, however, they close early...usually 7:30.
I would say that this was the best skirt steak I had at any restaurant, Cuban or not. This is impressive considering some steak houses charge three times as much. Highly recommend it.
Best cuban I've ever had! Simply delicious and authentic cuban food!
Excellent!!!!
