Went to Harry's Friday, first time our meal was only so so.  Had Jazzy trio, was not spicy at all.  The jambalaya was not the usually spicy.  We were a party of six, and three out of six were disappointed in the quality.  Also three ladies sitting at the bar waiting for a table.  Bartender never asked us if we wanted something to drink.  Not until the husbands showed up did he ask.  Not good.
Ask for Curtis to be your server. His southern charm and great service was a large part of why we enjoyed our delicious dinner so much. Thank you, Curtis!
How to break up the drive between Orlando and Tampa? Stop half way for a meal! I've discovered and yearned to go back to the charming, quaint Lavender and Lace in Lake Alfred about 45 minutes outside of Orlando. Recently on one such trips, I braved the rains and pulled off I-4 towards Lavender and Lace. Apparently, so did the entire Lake Alfred or beyond. The dirt parking lot was completely full and cars were starting to line up along the road. I was delighted for their business but sad for not being able to indulge in this experience. Due to time constraints there was no way I could stick around. So off I went, with a sinking bellying. Back on the road, the next major exit is Lakeland. I've never really been anywhere in Lakeland. Was there a decent restaurant there? Enter Urbanspoon to the rescue. After my companions went back and forth with texting between two cars, it was settled that we would drive to Downtown Lakeland and have a look around. Time was ticking away. To our surprise the very historic downtown had a Famers Market in full swing with music, performers, street vendors and a whirl of bouncy activities. In the middle of it all was Harry's Seafood Restaurant, Bar and Grill. There was a covered patio, they had food and would allow my dog. Need I say more. We saddled up to a full New Orleans inspired menu. But, we were attracted to the introduction of Mardi Gras Parade of Flavors menu items. There was enough of us to order one of each item. The portions are ample enough to share or devour by yourself. As the Mardi Gras parade started, we were treated to a Taste of New Orleans, which was just a palate tickler for more to come. Blacked Crab Dip which was lumps of crab meat in a savory dip. When piled on a toast was simple lusciousness. Louisiana Shrimp and Crawfish Potpie was a creamy mixture topped with bread crumbs that screamed scoop me. Mardi Gras Pasta was a huge helping of creamy pasta with jumbo shrimps. I couldn't decide if to sop this sauce up with bread and look sloppy or nicely fork my pasta. I went with the slopping. Pasta Jambalaya were these neat little pasta with Andouille sausage. It could do with more sausage, at least that is my wish. The crowning as every dessert should be was Oreo Beignets. The chef dips an Oreo cookie in beignet batter and then places it on a bed of sweet chocolate and creamy sauce. I am still a little annoyed at my friends for swiping this before I could get a second sweet treat. Really, this does not need to be shared. I'll handle all six! Although the bold flavors of New Orleans seemed a little scaled back from full throttle, all of the elements are there. I certainly welcomed this lighter flair. The restaurant has a large patio that faces the street and park where a band was stringing away and entertaining. There were even street dancers performing. Inside the restaurant boast a solid bar with heavy leather and wooden fixtures. The feel is historic and old, like this place has been around for a long time. Very timeless space, but well maintained. This was a very surprising discovery. I really did not expect this level of food, service and atmosphere between Orlando and Tampa. Something says, I did not even scratch the surface of Downtown Lakeland. This is definitely going to be a destination and not just a stop by. It goes to show, don't be afraid to swing off the main road and try something, you might enjoy it.
Always good New Orleans Cajun.  The po boys are a always delicious.  The étouffée is tremendous and Harry's chicken is a nice non-Cajun alternative.  They are also fairly affordable with outside sitting available.
As one who's consumed several thousand drool-worthy calories in New Orleans over the years, I was excited to see what Harry's Seafood Bar & Grille -- serving up NOLA-style cuisine -- had to offer. (Plus, it's halfway between Tampa and Orlando, so I was able to meet up with my good friend for dinner.) We sat down in the big, beautiful, busy restaurant and perused the menu. Uh oh. Shrimp and grits. Read my review (yelp.com/biz/riverfront-…) of the Riverfront Restaurant in NOLA and you'll see that I pledged to marry and provide for the man behind their delicious shrimp and grits...as long as he gave it to me when I wanted it. In other words, the lobster poboy, Louisiana fondeaux, and other tantalizing menu items didn't stand a chance this inaugural trip. So, we went about this thing in a very appropriate "Do Whatcha Wanna" manner -- dessert first, entrees, dessert again. First up, Oreo beignets. When I saw the dish, it reminded me of the fried Oreos I tried for the first time at the fair a month ago. And at the fair, I was pleasantly surprised that the Oreos tasted like they were fried in tasty beignet batter and not tempura style, which is what I expected for some reason. Oh, but Harry's took it up a little bit higher, y'all. There were seven or eight Oreo beignets in the dessert, drizzled with chocolate and some sort of vanilla, cinnamony sauce. Conversation ceased until the bowl was clean. You will be transported to your happy place. On to the shrimp and grits. Big-grained creamy grits, lots of shrimp, juicy cuts of bacon, cajun gravy. In my head, I was doing the slow clap. Also, the jambalaya with pasta was huge and filled with tasty sausage. The final dessert of the meal -- chocolate bread pudding, served with vanilla ice cream and white chocolate bourbon sauce. The texture was very light compared to the bread puddings you're used to eating. Almost mousse-like. Blindfolded, I wouldn't even have thought it was bread pudding. Still, very good. So to sum it up, let's just say Harry's website name is quite fitting...www.hookedonharrys.com. Looking forward to the next time.
Harry's serves up delectable NOLA-style fare in the heart of Florida. Having just come from the Big Easy, the food and flavors were fresh on my mind - and Harry's sure didn't disappoint! There is a pared-down Early Bird menu where most dinner entrees are offered for a few bucks off, running 4-6pm. This makes the price reasonable enough for those looking to try the menu and see if it's somewhere they would like to visit again. Wait staff was attentive and helpful. Refills were plentiful, and although there was one drink mixup (just one person got the wrong kind of soda), the service overall was excellent. Harry's menu consists largely of Creole/Cajun style food - Think jambalaya, etouffee, spicy grits and the like. I had the pork tenderloin with corn grits, and it was quite tasty. Robust flavor, the right mix of spices, and the cooking was spot on. Made for a great dinner and tasty leftovers. Just a heads up, checking in on Foursquare at the time nets you a free sample appetizer - we got the calamari, and it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but not bad. The sauce it came with was excellent, though. Plus, it was free!
Every time I visit Lakeland, I seem to end up at Harry's sometime during the trip.  Stick to the Louisiana favorites...po' boys, jambalaya, blackened anything, etc. Atmosphere is great here, the service is normally good to above average, and the prices are very reasonable.  The outside seating can great on a warm night as well.
I've never had a bad meal at Harry's. My son loves the red beans and rice and i love everything. Every time we have visitors from out of town we take the to Harry's. The grit cakes are amazing and the atmosphere is just as good.
The hostess was as friendly as a scorpion, but the rest of the staff was top notch. This please is outstanding!  Try the blackened Mahi Mahi. Yum!
This place was amazing!! We got seated immediately and the service was outstanding! The waitress was very nice, answered all our questions and was constantly refilling our drinks. We both had the shrimp and grits and it was outstanding!! One of my favorite dishes I have ever ate at a restaurant in my entire life! The prices are very reasonable. Overall, great experience.
Nice Cajun food. We have been there a lot and every time it's always a fun night. A lot of deals during the week. Wednesday night it's half price martini!
Harry's has become the "must visit" restaurant each time I'm in town to visit my folks.  Lakeland is a fascinating wasteland of national chain restaurants.  Harry's at least has the decency to be a Florida chain focused on "Great Food, Great Service, Good Value & Good Times."  The menu is large enough to offer a little something for everyone, including lots of seafood options with a creole-style slant to the food.  Is it successful creole?  I don't know.  I just know that everyone in my family can find something on the menu to eat without sulking or throwing a fit.  Works for me! We typically go on Monday nights when all drinks are two for one.  This includes wines by the glass, wines by the bottle (yep, buy a bottle, get a bottle), signature cocktails, and all.  Trust me, when I'm visiting family, I'm way easier to deal with when I have a couple of Manhattans on board. Harry's has a great downtown location just across the street from Munn park.  Parking seems to be easy enough to come by.  Service is attentive and quick.  They also seem to do a solid, friendly bar business here.  Frankly, I may try to convince everyone to eat on the bar side next time around.  After all, two for one also equals four for two, right?
Harry's Seafood Bar and Grille is located in the historic square in downtown Lakeland. You can come via 33 or 98 to get here easily. Parking on the street or in in various inexpensive pay lots. There is a small Farmers market on Saturdays, if you happen to be in the area, so sometimes streets can be closed off. It's a short walk from the various lots.   Thanks to the great Yelp reviews for providing us with this great option when trying to find a place to meet up with our friends who live south of Tampa. (We live in Orlando and were meeting "in the middle".) We were lucky enough to get an outside patio table to enjoy the great weather on this lovely FL fall weekend. Service was nice and friendly, Ceiling fans on the patio provide a good buffer if you are near a smoking table. Good bottle and draft beer selection. We were all very hungry, so ordered right away. Shrimp Po Boy, Oyster Po Boy, Shrimp Etoufee and Chicken Philly were all ordered. All were very tasty and enjoyed, though I should have gone with the Shrimp Po Boy instead of the Oyster Po Boy, which was good, but not awesome. Sides were yummy, friends had red beans and rice, where hubby and I went for the garlic mashed potatoes. We are looking forward to meeting up with them again, fun place!
This establishment offers great dining in the Lakeland area. This is probably the second restaurant I have tried since I moved to the area and I'm a little mad at myself that I did not try it sooner. The cuisine is Cajun/Creole and even if the décor is a bit understated you still get the New Orleans feel. The food is great, I had the Beef Medallions "Scampi Style" and it was delicious, perfectly cooked! It was my first time trying Fried Grit Cake and it certainly delivered. My boyfriend had the seafood trio which was excellent , maybe the scallops were a bit chewy/overcooked. The calamari with remoulade sauce was also great! Service is outstanding, our server was very attentive and polite. One small complaint would be that our drinks were not that strong; they just tasted like fruit juice but were  nonetheless enjoyable. This restaurant is suitable for outdoor dining, birthday dinners, dates...everything!
If you do not like New Orleans style food you will probably find it hard to find something on the menu that you will like. I opted for the chicken tenders and they were tough. I can understand that since that's not what they are known for, but I couldn't find anything on the menu that I would like since this isn't my style food. I went with my husband who had been saying he's lived here for 23 years and has never been. He did enjoy his po'boy very much. The bread was great, the service was perfect, the atmosphere is lovely Louisanna style decor. Just simply not my cup of tea.
Harry's calls itself a "Seafood Bar and Grille".  What would be more accurate it is a Creole/Cajun restaurant.  Came here with a friend on Tuesday and as this is a New Orleans theme restaurant, it tries to get fired up on Tuesdays with specials on Flaming Hurricanes and having the wait staff wear beads. If you get into all that, fine.  But this restaurant also has excellent food and atmosphere to make eating here all worthwhile.  Restaurant is located across street from the beautiful town square.  If you sit outside you can enjoy looking at the scenery while eating.  Inside of restaurant has great old south kind of decor.   We were immediately greeted by waiter and seated.  Waitresses were attentive and very nice looking.  My buddy and I had to pause quite often as some of the ladies that work here took our breath away. But again, never mind all that.   I ordered the shrimp creole and my friend ordered cajun pork chips.  Both outstanding.  The shrimp was traditional shrimp creole served around a mound of rice and loaded with firm fresh shrimp.  The pork chops were likewise outstanding, nicely spiced and tender.  Menu offers a variety of creole, seafood and meat dishes so there's bound to be something you like. Price of two entree's along with three drinks was 44 bucks.  So the place is also easy on the wallet.  Good booze, good food, good times.  Harry's is a must stop.
I'm not a big fan of bars and their menus but this is one of those exceptions for me. :) I live far away from Lakeland, but whenever me and my husband have to be there for business, this is our choice of a place for the lunch. Extensive variety of New Orleans cuisine, high quality, delicious items prepared to order. Lovely! Nice cold beer and good tasty house wine, even better with their recent "buy 1 house drink get another for free" promotion. Jambalaya is great. Huge lunch portion (I'm afraid to see the dinner size LOL). It has everything - chicken, jumbo shrimp, sausages and spiced very nice. The rice that comes with it is cooked perfect - not mushy and has a little grain bite to it. Shrimp & Scallop Orleans is my favorite one. I don't know what I like the most - its mild creole sauce or very creamy but light grits cakes. All together it is just great and the right amount! Give a try to Harry's Hot Sauce. It is very nice: mild but spicy, tastes like fresh tomatoes and has very nice ingredient list (nothing artificial and no corn syrup). I bought several bottles to take home and use it on meat dishes as well as in my fresh daily salad. Cole slaw tastes like it is prepared with whipped cream. But I really don't care about its cut in tiny cubes, I prefer cabbage long and crispy. Chocolate Bread Pudding is a very unique dessert. And HUGE! And I like it a lot even if I'm not in love with bread puddings at all. It is prepared with the same white french baguette that comes with whipped garlic butter as a complementary touch when you place your order. The white bread is soaked in chocolate-chocolate sweet custard so nicely that I would ever guessed it was a bread pudding if I did not know about it. Nice bread cubes with crust on, not mushy or liquid. And it tasted like a chocolate cake! The rum white chocolate sauce that comes with it does not taste like rum or white chocolate at all, which is a  disappointment. But it does not spoil the whole dessert. Though I don't think I'll order it again - it is just too big. Not a French style at all. :) And whatever your sweet tooth feel like DO NOT order their banana foster dessert. Awful! I suspect it was cooked in advance, frozen and then heated up to serve. Bananas were boiled (not fried or caramelized) and slimy. The "rum" sauce is purest sugar. And tons of cinnamon simply sprinkled all over. Overall - a very nice place to have a lunch. We'll be back there.
If you are stuck in Lakeland Florida, Harry's is a good place to escape. They offer an amazing New Orleans cuisine in a very un- Nawlins scene. If you are ever hung over (or not), go to Harry's and have the Gumbo. It will kiss you and make you all better. A perfect blend of seafood, sausage, rice and spices. MMM MMM MMM. They have a blackened Chicken Pasta dish with a cream sauce that is Out of This World. I know they have a few locations in Florida. I've been to the one in St. Augustine as well that one is nice because it is right on the water and you can sit outside and feel the cool ocean breeze. Just go alright, you won't regret it.
This is a cajun style restaurant. I went there with some friends for lunch. The calamari and chicken salad was great. The decor and ambience is excellent. I liked sitting outside on the patio. Excellent service and value. The only downside is the train whiste is so loud.
Located downtown on historic Munn Park, you can choose to sit in the outdoor cafe or inside. Harry's is located in one of the oldest buildings in Lakeland, which has changed hands many times.  Painted tin ceiling.  Louisiana-style spicey creole cooking.   My favorite is jambalaya with its unique disk-shaped pasta and flavorful red sauce. Also enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, though the sauce was a little too cuminy for me.  Cole slaw bland but fresh.  Nice pecan crusted catfish.  Fine list of desserts. Nice menu, great ambiance--and super shopping before or after! 1/2013 Review.  Continues as a fine dining establishment.  Has early bird menu 4 to 6 pm.  One order of pasta jambalaya could feed 3 people.  8 good-sized shrimp. great sausage.  Everything was both pleasantly fiery and heavily garlicky.  Toasted sourdough loaf appetizer with a garlic herb butter.  great outdoor ambiance.  Many waiters, still sometimes hard to get the check quickly and slow to get refills.  Food platters served beautifully.  Crab cakes looked yum.  Local fish with lemon sauce looked wonderful.  Many non-fish options.  Prices are steeper than most, running about $15.  Appetizers make meals at $8-10.
Favorite easy place to go in Lakeland! Quaint outside seating with a New Orleans twist! Interesting beer selection and mixed drinks! The NOLA twist applies to tacos and desserts alike. Definitely go for the Bignettes (fries Oreos!). Also recommend the Turbo Dog Beer.
Harry's is situated downtown. The location is great. We go there a couple of times a year, just for the atmosphere. Inside the bar area is very cozy. And the outdoor terrace is great. But the food... the food is just not so great. I have tried many things on the menu and keep walking away with a feeling of disappointment. I had grossly undercooked salmon at one time, fish that really tasted like nothing much at another. All smothered with red beans and rice. I expected more spices, more flavor, more pizazz.. It just wasn't there in the food. We have been eating there for 5 times, and I am afraid I will not return.
Harry's is my favorite for casual lunches with business associates. The soups are great and calamari is always a great appetizer. The dinner portions are huge, so I often ask for a lunch portion for evening dining. BTW, they don't take reservations, but call ahead!
We stumbled upon Harry's on our way to Orlando from Tampa while on vacation. This was during Lakeland's "Zombiefest" (surprise to us that were just looking for a place to eat). The restaurant was incredibly busy, but only had a wait of about 15 minutes for a group of 5. Our waitress' name was Missy, and she was the highlight of our visit. She was friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. It was obvious that she truly enjoyed what she was doing, and wasn't just being nice to get a good tip. Each of us took her recommendations and were not disappointed. We're definitely going to go back next time we're in Florida!
We make it a point to bring our out of town guests to Harry's.  I've never had a bad meal here.  The meal starts with French bread and garlic and chive butter.  The shrimp etouffee is a favorite. The po' boys, jambalaya, gumbo, pasta chicken louisianne, salmon and variety of chicken dishes are also great.   Our last visit, we ordered oreo-filled beignets.  A fantastic end to an already fabulous meal.
My coworker T and I had a wonderful time here!  We went with a group, so we were able to try a fair amount of apps:  thick, well-seasoned and breaded Fried Green Tomatoes (loved the aioli drizzle), Voodoo Shrimp (my fav part of this app was dipping the crostini in the spicy sauce), and Seared Ahi Tuna (very nice, especially since I'm usually not a fan of tuna unless it is absolutely 100% raw). Our next course was soups and salads.  Most had the gumbo, but I went with the She Crab soup, which was sweet, creamy and full of crab bits.  Just the tiniest bit too sweet for me, but I still licked the large 'cup' clean. Six of the 8 diners went with Crawfish Etoufffee, and I was one of them!  I love a great etouffee, and Harry's was a bit above average.  Large portion of good-sized crawfish tails, in a semi-spicy gravy.  I would have liked more spice.  I'll likely try something else next time (which won't be a hardship because the menu is full of tasty options).  Other entrees at our table were the Baked French Scallops (rave reviews from the guy who chose this plus our waitress told us it was her favorite dish too) and the French Quarter Beef Tenderloin (for the land lubber in our group).  I'll take Joe C's advice next time and request a lunch portion. Our waitress did an excellent job of keeping on top of our rowdy table, without smothering us.  The bar makes an excellent Rhythm & Bleu martini (aka dirty) for $8 (note to self:  1/2 price martinis all day Wednesday!), and has a decent list of craft beers by the bottle.  Casual interior plus a small patio.
It's Cajun.  Food was flavorful and well prepared and service was really friendly.  We ate crab and eggplant Napoleon appetizer (layers of eggplant and crab with parmesan cream sauce, mmmm....), burbon glazed shrimp, the salmon dish, shrimp with red eye gravy and corn grits(I got this, yum!).  The little shrimp were cooked perfectly with lots of tasty pork in the thick gravy.  Corn grits were so creamy and were perfectly with the gravy. Bloody Mary was delicious, but seemed devoid of alcohol.)(
Looked more like a sports bar that served good old New Orleans food. I had Amberbock on tap.  Amberbock is the sh*t. Had the crabcake app.  Really good.  Cant complain when the crabcake is actually crabcake. lol The crawfish entree was good considering the fact that they were deshelled for me. Not a bad place to go for dinner.  Would come back again.
We visited the area and wife had scoped out Harry's Seafood Bar and Grille. We ate at an outside patio table, which can me hit or miss if you aren't a smoker. Luckily, the manager was able to turn on the fan over our table so we wern't secondhand smoking the two tables next to us who were blowing their smoke our way. Nice. Beers were fine, had a blue moon. Decent prices. I had the Chicken Philly and it was large and filling, but could have used more spices. Good quality chicken, though. The hot sauce on the table remedied the problem and it was good hot sauce. Good garlic mashed potatoes!
We were actually looking for seafood, but ended up at this Cajun place which was a good surprise for me.  Some of the best French bread and garlic butter I've ever had.  I think the 4 of us went through like 5 or 6 loaves. I went for the shrimp po boy with red beans and rice.  Someone in the back is definitely from New Orleans because they're getting it right. Our waitress was good and cute to boot.
This is a great find in Lakeland. Service is great, environment is good, and the food was good. Try not to fill up on the tasty warm bread and garlic butter. It's so good but you need to leave room for the food. The shrimp & Jazzy chicken tacos were both great. Ahi tuna salad tasted great. Jumbalaya was also well liked. Sunday afternoon had two for one drinks for almost all drinks. I will stop by if I'm in the area again.
Expected a lot more out of a seafood place in Florida!  Took an hour to get our good and then the fish was overcooked and the crab on top of the fish had been under the Warner's long enough to dry out. Would not recommend this place for anything other then cocktails.
One of my favorite spots downtown. Food and service are both very consistent. The prices initially seemed a bit high to me especially for salads, but they're all massive. I usually just opt for a cup of the SheCrab soup and dip lots of bread in it, though everything else I've had has also been great. Be sure to visit on a Tuesday when all drinks are half price!
I love this Lakeland location: right in the middle of downtown Lakeland right on the park. My son and I came here to have lunch the weekend of the zombie fest the bread and butter that they get is to die for everything that we ordered was on point and delicious well worth the money. staff was great restaurant is clean my son ate everthing
Seated us pretty quickly. Sat us next to a door which people used for smoking. We ordered large mussels and they were pretty good. They had a little kick of spice to them but was good flavor. Wife had a blackened chicken pasta dish and with collard greens and I had Evangeline pasta both were good flavor and very filling.
Several locals recommended this New Orleans cuisine restaurant.   5 stars for the Shrimp and Scallops Orleans, served with Fried Grit Cake (excellent sauce). 5 stars for crawfish sampler. 4 stars for Jumbo Shrimp entree (not a whole lot of shrimp). They have high quality food but reasonable prices. Fast, courteous service.
Food was good, but whole place could use a facelift (kinda divey with sticky menus and rickety chairs)....some consider it charming, I say tighten the screws and wash the place up. Ordered the chicken feta salad, it was huge with lots of fixings and a tiny side of dressing, iced tea had no ice. Other salads looked decent. Server was young and clueless.
I'm already a huge Cajun/Creole cuisine fan, and they do it right here. We came with a larger group and had to wait a bit for our table. The service got off to a slow and slightly confused start, but once the food hit the table all was forgiven. In fact it was so tasty that we came back for dinner again the next night with different friends. The first night I had the Tilapia Shrimp Meuniére and we all agreed it was the tastiest dish on the table. Tilapia isn't true Cajun, but it works well for the preparation. The next night I enjoyed Shrimp Etoufee, and it had just the right balance of spice. Everything else that I tried around the table on both nights was tasty, and if we were local we'd be here on a very regular basis.
We've been to Harry's twice now and it just keeps getting better!  I have gotten the Shrimp N Grits both times...I just can't get enough.  Also, the bread and garlic butter that comes to the table are irresistible!  I feel like I always come out of Harry's fat and happy! Kudos to the great staff as well...very attentive, efficient, and friendly wait staff and even during times it's really busy, the hostess remains pleasant.
My first time at Harry's was amazing! Although I've never been to New Orleans, I have been to many Cajun/creole restaurants and I must say it's my favorite! We started with fresh French bread with garlic butter. The bread was light and the butter garlicky and soft. My entree was the Chicken Jolie Blond with a side dish of succotash. The succotash was fresh, colorful and full of flavor. The Chicken was moist and the cream sauce was delectable with a little kick. To end the meal we had the Oreo beignets. Umm....yeah, yummy!!! Perfect meal, great service, and I'm highly impressed. My husband had the Ultimate Po Boy with red beans and rice which was also fresh and delicious. Having a culinary degree and working in the food industry for years it is hard to impress me, and I will be back.
This is one of my favorite places in Lakeland. I've been visiting for about 10 years now. The food is always good and the prices are reasonable. It's always busy and they don't do reservations but they do have a call-ahead system.
The She Crab soup is to DIE for. Excellent Louisiana style seafood. Upscale ambience and somewhat reasonable prices. You MUST try the grit cakes!
Mmmm! I was in the area for business and wanted seafood. It was late at night so not many places were still open.  I ordered a sweet tea and Evangeline Pasta. I'm still dreaming about that and hunting for a recipe! Scallops & shrimp sautéed in a white wine and sun dried tomato beurre blanc sauce. Wow! It was very good.  I felt like the waitresses weren't very attentive, especially at first.  And it's really dark in there, especially in the bar area where I was sat.  But the waitress sent me off with a sweet tea to go and I still had a large portion of food left so I was pretty happy!
Ok, had the French baked scallops. OMG!!! Amazing. It's very busy but I see why. A definite re-do when we get back to Lakeland.
Always a winner. Big portions, attentive staff, authentic recipes. There are great drink specials most weeknights and half price apps at the bar during happy hour. Tried and adored are: wings, jambalaya, fish tacos, red beans and rice (side and entree), cajun pasta and all of the po boys.
This was my first restaurant visit in downtown Lakeland. My take on the service was mixed. Outdoor seating across the street from Munn Park was nice. The food was good and plenty. We had a rough start, especially for 6:15pm on a Monday. A pet peeve of mine is when I need to wait to be seated in a half empty restaurant. I walked in to find a group of three before me as I checked into the host stand. No big deal right? That's what I thought until I surveyed the restaurant and noticed lots of empty tables (some un-bussed). The hostess handed us off to a waitress who offered our choice of a small table for 2 or a larger table for 4. I really don't like tables for 2 I like to spread out so we opted to wait for the larger table to be cleaned. While we waited the hostess showed up with another couple and offered them our larger table. Awkward!  But what made it worse was that both the hostess and waitress didn't resolve the issue they both disappeared and left to find a manager. After we had a chance to settle into our table (we ended up with the big one) the waitress went out of her way to apologize and even helped us out by taking $10 off the bill totally on her own initiative. Outdoor seating is provided, in typical downtown fashion, on a roomy sidewalk seating area. There are TV's playing sports on the patio and bar. So I suspect its a decent place to take in a game, although the sound is off to facilitate a nice dining experience. The setting is very nice and there isn't much traffic (foot or vehicle) in the downtown so it's a very quiet and relaxing place to eat. The food is New Orleans style. The jambalaya is the signature dish with shrimp, chicken & sausage! It's served with rice or pasta $14.99. I had the rice version and it was very good. I like jambalaya it's a favorite dish of mine. I've had better. For comparison, I think Harry's is better than Cheesecake Factory jambalaya which I consider good but not very good. I like my jambalaya a little on the wet side. Harry's was moist but not wet. I also like my jambalaya spicy. Harry's is flavorful but not spicy. Overall, I recommend Harry's. I was downtown for some shopping and stopped here because it was convenient. But if you are looking for a quiet dinner date that won't break the bank. I think you'll be happy. If you want exceptional service, and extraordinary fare you're better off elsewhere. Dinner for 2 with 2 drinks a piece and outdoor seating for $60-$70 across from a nice park. Yeah, we'll be back.
We chose Harry's on our hotel's recommendation. We were very pleased with the decision to try them out. While it has New Orleans style food I do not see how any one would not be able to find something delicious to eat on the menu. We opted for the specials and were not disappointed for lunch. Shrimp wrapped in bacon and BBQ sauce with fried potato salad and a Bacon Jam Hamburger with fried potato salad. Holy phenomenal food Batman! Very good. Dessert was Peach Cobbler with Vanilla Ice Cream. Yum! There are many more items on the menu we will return to try. Highly recommend Harry's.
I usually order the shrimp n grits but decided to try something different..went with the jambalaya. It was just ok, not a big fan.
Finally!!!! A restaurant in Lakeland worth raving about!!  Service was great, we had the pleasure of being served by Mindy, she was quite attentive to our needs and we never had to ask for anything!! The food was served in great timing, and cooked very well, great seasonings, lots of taste, especially the Crab spring Rolls!! YUMMY!! Hubby had to Gumbo, he loved it! I had the French Baked Scallops in Lemon Cream Sauce with Fresh Veggies, they were all cooked to perfection!  BRAVO TO THE CHEF!
Harry's Seafood has the best food in Polk County that I have eaten...other than at my own house. The steaks, pastas, and (of course) seafood all ROCK! The bread and garlic butter is awesome. Salads are a bit small and drinks have been known to come out in dirty glasses (often). The servers seem to think it is your privileged to eat there, which is always annoying. But, for the most part, the service is very good. Eating out on the terrace is a nice treat on pleasant days and, unlike other restaurants, service does not suffer for doing so. Eat at Harry's once and become a fan. That's all there is to it. UPDATE: Received a massage from the owner of Harry's, Lee, who said he will correct the matters spoken of here.
Best restaurant in Lakeland. This place was packed! As a Beantown girl, I was surprised by how nice everyone was. Solid Ettouffe and cheap but good beers on tap. If you wanna be at the "it" place in Lakeland, this is it. Decent prices too.
We went to Harry's after spending the day at the Lakeland Art Festival (which BTW is a great art festival).  We Yelped a place to eat downtown and found Harry's which is the only "sit down" restaurant of it's kind in dowtown w/ the exception of the hotel restaurant.  All the other places are quick sub shops and coffee shops etc.   Harry's has a bar and full menu etc.  We did sit at the bar and the have a pretty good wine list.  The bartender was very friendly and suggested the eggplant and crab Neopolitan (as did the people next to us).  It was really good.  Layers of lightly battered fresh eggplant and crab (not fake) meat and a nice white sauce.  I recommend it.  We also shared the redfish dinner and added a crap cake (only $2.50 upcharge) with the red beans and rice and the grits.  It was great. The fish was cooked well and was a great choice.  The bartender had said he thought it was one of the best things on the menu and we appreciated his suggestions because he was right on.  I'm not a grits fan but the way they make the grits...creamy with cheese was really good.  Reminded me of polenta rather than the traditional was of serving grits.   We were too full for dessert but wish we would have had room for the chocolate bread pudding...next time. In summary, If you are downtown (or anywhere in Lakeland) I suggest you try Harry's.  It's a chain restaurant (although I don't know any other's around here) but is a good one and you will be happy.
One of the best restaurants I've ever been to,absolutely AMAZING!!!! I've never been to Louisiana but if the food is this good ill have to go soon! Didnt taste one thing bad or even okay. Shrimp & Scallops Orelons, Mahi Acadiana, She crab soup, Mussels, and baked Scallops, and of course the bread and garlic butter were all great!! Definitely a place worth going out of the way for!
Harry's used to have a location on Sheldon Road in Tampa which was within a mile  of my house.  We used to go there all the time.  When they closed their doors we were left wondering where we could go to have their famous She Crab soup.  They have locations in St. Augustine, Florida and Lakeland Florida.  I highly recommend going as the food is top notch if you like authentic Cajun food.  Warning: Some of the food is very hot but you'll love it...  Plus, you can't beat the small town feel of downtown Lakeland.
We've eaten here quite a few times, but since I now Yelp, here goes. This Cajun themed restaurant has quite a menu with your typical Cajun dishes. Usually, I order fried anything, but I wanted to try something new. I ordered the Shrimp and Scallop Orleans. I asked the waitress to explain the dish (like I did at Outback-other review). She enthusiastically explained all there is to know about the dish. It is blackened shrimp and scallops on a grit cake with a sauce. I ordered a side order of red beans and rice- again not the norm. I really enjoyed this dish. The spices on the seafood were incredible. The grit cake and sauce were a great compliment. My wife ordered shrimp etouffee and a side of grit cakes. Unbeknownst to us, a side doesn't come with the etouffee. So, her side was $3.49. According to my wife, the etouffee was good. I tasted it, and found it too be bland. But, I didn't order it, so who am I to judge? I wrote down their slogan before arrival. It is: Great Food, Great Service, Good Value & Good Times. I wanted to be reminded of it and see if the slogan rang true. The food was great- really good. The service was good- not great. The value was good and we had a fair time. I do want to critique their service. It started off great. The waitress came out swinging, but like 10 minutes later, she must have been yelled at or something, because her demeanor changed to just average. I also felt  rushed, as our check came out while we were half way done. Also, a manager came into our area to tell our waitress about a party of 6 coming in (we would  become an afterthought). One note, Mr. Manager. You walked right by us, there was only one other couple in our area, would it have hurt to ask how we were doing? I just bought $100 worth of gift cards, and had a $35 lunch. How 'bout a little love? DUH! Not even a glance. JERK! I gave it 3 stars because there just was no "wow" factor. We felt rushed and under appreciated and walked away unimpressed. Oh, $2.59 is ridiculous for a drink!
Harry's Seafood Bar and grill - great food!  My husband ordered the chicken with honey mustard sauce and I thought he was crazy for coming to a seafood restaurant to order chicken but it was awesome!  I wasn't very hungry and we were staying in a hotel with no fridge so I ordered the crab cakes appetizer and it was two big cakes that could have been a full meal and my husband was happy to eat some of mine too.  Excellent food and highly recommended!
What a nice change of pace. Not your usual chain restaurant Harry's brings a small flavor of New Orleans to Florida. I have been a fan of this restaurant for a few years and have visited every Harry's in Florida. Unfortunitly the Jacksonville locations are gone but the rest are still around. I usually order the Red Beans and Rice which never disappoints. A true N.O. favorite. Appetizer of Ahi Tuna and green fried tomatos were good but not fantastic I've had the same apps before there and they were great. Server the first night was great but the second night was just o.k. Second night we had the same appetizer with same ok results I had a chicken dish with  goat cheese and sundried tomatos which reminded me of Chicken Bryan at Carrabas but not quite with smashed potatoes that were great. The fresh baquettes are warm and great. Never been there go to Harrys
Awesome food at great prices.  Love the crab spring rolls.  The restaurant had a New Orleans theme to it.  I plan to go back if I am ever in the area again.
I love love love Harry's! To start with the plain ol' bread and butter is delicious! I have had their lobster bisque and it is so creamy and spicy. My favorite thing to order (I have a hard time choosing) is the Shrimp and Scallops Orleans. It is a creamy yummy grit cake topped with shrimp and scallops in a yummy sauce. My husband loves the pecan crusted fish. We try to take friends there and get them hooked on Harry's too.
My waiter's name was Curtis, and he was unfortunately the highlight of my visit. I decided to sample several dishes, and ordered their soup of the day, as well as three different sides. I found the food to taste very cheap, and the price to be average. They did bring bread and butter in the beginning, and I ended up eating more of the bread and butter than any of the dishes that I had ordered. Not a place I will come back to, even though their staff is great.
We just ate here tonight! What an excellent find! I had the jambalaya and my partner had the blackened mahi sandwich. Both were cooked to perfection! And one of the biggest surprises? We ordered the fried calamari for an and it come with fried green beans as well! We will definitely be back.
Long wait to be seated and then another long wait for service. Had to complain to manager, who to her credit, gave table three free appetizers. (7 in our party) They were the best food we had. I was not impressed with either the gumbo or the jambalaya, although the portions were large.
Great red beans & rice, etouffe, etc..! Cajun & Creole a tits best in central Florida..!
Nice little place right in the heart of downtown Lakeland.  We sat in the bar area which was very quiet (it was a Sunday afternoon so it might be louder at other times) and had a delightful lunch.  All the dishes we ordered were enjoyed and the waitstaff was top notch.  I really loved the inside of this place with the tin ceiling, dark wood work and stained glass.  Overall a real 5 star type of place.
Get the Sweet Corn Grits as a side--heaven on a plate!  And, my eight-year-old said it was the best Kids' Hamburger she ever had.  Loved the Blackened Mahi sandwich--a huge piece of fish, expertly seasoned!  This will be our go-to place on trips back to Tampa from Disney!
Downtown Lakeland does not have a lot of great options... That being said, Harry's is sub-par at best.  The food is tired and does not meet expectations.
Food great! Shrimp & catfish. service was outstanding. Would certainly go again.
First Friday!
As much as I want to give this a 1-star rating, the food was good, but the bartender was just flat out rude! We walked in placed our order and asked her to pair the beer with the plates we ordered, and she just read the list of beers! I again asked what she suggested and she said, "dude just order a beer" - we had to ask for silverware, napkins etc... - If I ever walk in again and she is the bartender I will politely turn and exit, and spend my $78 somewhere else! People always say support downtown, that's what you get when you do!
Very noisy restaurant. That is probably the most memorable part of the meal. It was LOUD. In any case food was good, I had the fried shrimp and oysters. The portions were huge - way too much for me. Service was good and I enjoyed the meal. The large number of rowdy patrons was a big distraction and I probably will stay away from this restaurant on a Friday night.
Enjoyed a good meal here. The price was right, the service was a lottle cloying and annoying until toward the end of my meal when I was totally neglected for about 15 minutes waiting for my bill, but when he showed up he apologized profusely and explained that he got slammed with a big party inside and offered me a free pint of draft. I'm OK with that. I ordered the mixed grill. Price was right, food was good, service was all right in the end. Four stars for Harry's.
Food is really good, usually. service is really s.l.o.w, always...
Very good and very surprising. You can't beat the food for the price. Good sized portions. Try the crab cakes and the Mahi Wrap.
Great food (Fiancee and I almost always get the Shrimp Grits), great service, decent price. High quality. Delivers time and time again.
Fantastic! Don't hesitate if you haven't experienced this gem of Lakeland!! We sat outside, and enjoyed, among other offerings, the happy hour BOGO drink special. The service was friendly and helpful (super-nice young fellow from Oklahoma with a charming southern accent waited on us), and fairly quick despite working both inside and patio customers. Great food - we did the mussels appetizer, salmon salad, and blackened redfish. Overall a lovely experience. We will be back!!!!
After a bit ridiculous two hour wait for a table, I was pleasantly surprised with my meal. The pasta Mardi Gras special was loaded with shrimp and lobster with a sauce that didn't overwhelm the dish. My friends raved about the samplers, gumbo, jambalaya and étouffée. Good food and nice atmosphere, but not sure I'd wait like that again.
I'd give the food a 5 star but the service was a bit slow.  Food is tremendous!
This restaurant is a gem.  After all the touristy clitchy places in Florida.  This one is a gem.   Excellent prices. Great portions. Very clean tastes.  Shrimp and scallop  yummy.  Red beans and rice. Very very good.  Well worth the trip. Very relaxing
I enjoy the menu selection and atmosphere of this downtown Lakeland restaurant. They are usually busy and is a favored hangout of the locals. However, the service can be really awesome or hit-or-miss.
I was in Harry's two weeks ago.  It was a busy and we decided to sit at the bar. The bar was kind of small but I got a great view of all the UNCORKED bottles of wine they had in their cooler. The bartender was outstanding and kept on top of our drinks. After a very long wait, a server brought out the food. The crab cakes, which we ordered as an app and the Po Boy's were served at the same time. (Nice timing, kitchen.) The crab cakes were good but rather cold...Props to the kitchen again.... The Po Boy's come as two sandwiches on the plate as opposed to a single sandwich. I was surprised.  That was a lot of food for the price. Picked it up and bit in and man the bread was FANTASTIC! The tomatoes were, well they were mealy. Wow! We are in the middle of prime tomato season and mealy tomatoes was the best they had to offer. Awesome. The shrimp were flavored nicely and I chose to overlook the tomatoes because of that bread. The bread they use was absolutely, hands down the BEST bread. However, I was 3/4 of the way through the first half of this sandwich when I bit into a shrimp and spit the food into the napkin.  I pulled a hair out of my mouth. WOW!  I get it.  It is Saturday night, they are going to be busy and getting the food out could be a problem.  But when the employee's can't keep the food sanitary, well that is something entirely different. It is a shame.  There are few places in Lakeland that are in such a pretty location that we could take friends and family to.   The bartender was the only saving grace in this place. She kept up with the beer and removed my plate and napkin immediately. She really wanted to show the kitchen manager this big ol hair that came out of my sandwich.
It's a "New Orleans style restaurant" but I don't think whoever designed their food has ever been to New Orleans.  2 for 1 happy hour gets them an extra star.
Friendly service and a menu full of New Orleans' classic dishes.The seasonong and spices are right on.   If you want a good seafood meal in Lakeland, I haven't found a better place than Harry's.
Excellent food; excellent service!
The food has always been excellent. At times the service has been lacking or this would be 5 stars. The food is good enough to keep us coming back!
We had the best service there recently. The food was great, our server was amazing, and the atmosphere was great. Highly recommend it.
Harrys the closest thing one can get to New Orleans. Don't expect anything "healthy"; they love the butter and cream! The tasso sauce and grit cakes are awesome! They also have a few bottled Louisiana beers. The only con is that they removed the gator tail from the menu a couple of years ago & it was delicious. I would suggest to call ahead for seating since they seem to be picking up business again (I was worried about them closing since there was never a wait compared to a few years ago there was atleast a 30 minute wait).
Great like it always is. If your ever in Lakeland and need some great N'Orlins food you got to stop here
Awesome dinner. Trout with pecan topping with grit cakes is outstanding, shrimp and grits were outstanding. Can't wait to go back!
We were meeting a friend here as it was sort of halfway between each of us. Loved the location, downtown Lakeland and it was right on the corner. They wouldn't take a reservation, but we only ended up waiting for 15 minutes. They take your cell phone number and then text you when your table is ready. First time I've had that done and what a smart idea! We were seated in the back of the restaurant, in a booth. They were running happy hour specials, which typically makes this girl happy. We checked in on foursquare and scored a free sample of an appetizer so we got the calamari. It was a full plate! We also ordered a shrimp appetizer which was very good. The bread they put on the table is crunchy and airy all at the same time and it is served with a boursin cream cheese, aka heaven. I ordered the crab cakes with a side of grits. YUMMO. It came with three crab cakes and I was never going to finish as I also had a side salad. We opted to try the oreo beignets and key lime pie for dessert, both of which were worth the calories. I loved this place and would come back again.
Good food, slowish service, small portions.
Good service, good food, and good ambiance.  One of the best places in Lakeland that I've been to.
Harry's Seafood Bar & Grille gives off a combination homey and hometown bar vibe. The decor has a musical influence that definitely speaks to jazz. From the moment we arrived, the staff strove to make sure we were comfortable and taken care of. They inquired as to what we needed and when. When I told the waitress we were waiting on friends, she actually smiled and asked if we needed anything while we waited. Her smiling attitude lasted through our very long lunch. By the time we left, it was practically time to order dinner!! When I asked if I could have the Pasta Chicken Louisianne sans the chicken, she smiled and said "of course" without missing a beat!  My pasta tasted excellent and was very filling. I couldn't finish it, especially since I'd already picked out the dessert I wanted. I also ordered a Harry's Hurricane which was tasty and very fruity. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his fish dish. Our friends very much enjoyed their dishes as well and told us time and again Harry's is one of their favorite restaurants. My husband and I split Lulu's Mud Pie for dessert. It was very large, definitely a dessert to split with someone else, perhaps more than one someone else. It is layered with texture and flavor giving each bite both uniqueness and familiarity. Throughout the afternoon, the wait staff checked back with us to see if we needed anything and even volunteered to take photos of our group so everyone could be in the shot. We ordered another round of drinks later in the afternoon. I had to try the Mudtini. It was a nice chocolate martini though I think my recipe might be a tad bit better. They made our visit with not-often-seen friends as delightful and comfortable as sitting in one's own kitchen. All in all, Harry's provided a delightful, inviting, welcoming, invigorating atmosphere. I would definitely eat at Harry's again.
Staying in Lakeland for business for a few days, I experienced takeout from most of the restaurants around the downtown area. Harry's was the biggest disappointment. On another yelper's good advice I ordered the lunch sized portion for dinner so I could also order an appetizer. The appetizer was fried green tomatoes with chipolte and feta. The combination was not well paired...and if I had thought about it I would have realized that. It had an odd confusing aftertaste. One where you look for a bite of something else to get rid of that taste. For a main course I ordered Jambalaya with the rice rather than pasta. The rice was mushy and I ate around it. The chicken dry. The shrimp ok. The sausage had that rubbery mass produced mouth feel. And, incase you felt it couldn't get any worse, the whole thing was drowned in a flat tomatoey underspiced sauce. I would say I ate less than half of the food ordered, and ended up eating the whole dinner roll since I was still hungry. Overall, I would recommend not expecting good food from Harry's...so treat it like a pub...order lots of alcohol and simpler pub food.
A true destination in downtown Lakeland. The food is unfailingly excellent and Crystal is the epitome of what a bartender is supposed to be like. Very, very nice experience, would highly recommend.
We have been going to Harry's for years. The food is always good. Love the cajun spicy twist. It's one of the only places in lakeland to get a po boy. The service has always been good. They have happy hour daily and early bird specials. They have great burgers and I like the Pork Tenderloin Medallions. It's served with a great black pepper sauce. My wife likes the fish taco's.The appetizers we like are Crabmeat & Eggplant Napoleon, VooDoo Shrimp & Seared Ahi Tuna. Christy is usually the waitress we try to get because she is such a great server.
Not many options for a vegetarian, but the company I was with enjoyed their fish tacos.  All ingredients were fresh.  Waitress was very attentive and friendly.
WOW is all I can say, we were in Lakeland for Tigers Spring Training and my daughter had seen this place on Yelp with 4 stars so the 4 of us went . The minute we sat down someone from another booth popped up who had been sitting next to us at the game and we ask what was good "EVERYTHING" they had been the night before too, well they were right we ordered a number of different things for us all to share and everything was fabulous but THE SHRIMP & GRITS were the best by far I have ever had.   YUUUMMMMMM  Service was fantastic and the only sad part was our server had the next day off but we went back the day anyways! Can't believe they don't have 5 stars from everyone, my sister is going with us next year and I bet its because of how much we reared about Harry's Bar.  Thank goodness its not close by!
Ill start off with the appetizers.  The fried green tomatoes were excellent.  The fried calamari was above average. Now the entrees. The jambalaya was absolutely horrible. They threw so many bay leaves into this dish that it had a horrible taste. It had a lot of chicken, a few shrimp and two tiny slices of sausage. TWO! For a $16+ dish! The Harrys style chicken was great but you cant really go wrong with chicken breast smothered in mushrooms, onion, bacon, and cheese. The red beans with rice had the same problem as the jambalaya.  I pulled 3 whole bay leaves out of the tiny red beans and rice side dish. We had the fried oreos for desert and although they were amazing they couldve added a little more of the sauce. Our price was $120 bucks for 5 entrees with soft drinks and 1 kids meal. Definitely not worth the price and I wont be returning.
So good! Best Bloody Mary's service is awesome too!
Awesome...Awesome food and awesome service!! Ask for Stevie she is sweet and very courteous. Our drinks were always topped and she provided excellent service. You have to try the Voodoo Shrimp and shrimp with cheese grits.
Excellent steak and shrimp scampi, the medallions are so tender you can cut it with a fork. The "grit cake" is also the perfect side. It's covered in a ham gravy and full of flavor. I wrapped my dinner up with a cup of fresh decaf, and am completely satisfied. Downtown Lakeland at it's best!
Lovely little restaurant in downtown with outdoor seating. The corn grits are absolutely amazing! They were great about a special request on my sandwich as well. Staff is very friendly and personable. The good came quickly and everything was very good.
This was a terrific New Orleans style restaurant. We had the Jambolaya, shrimp scampi and crab cakes. Great atmosphere and nice downtown Lakeland area. Highly recommend. We'll be back!
We had a business lunch here and it was a pleasure. From the outside the place looks small, but once inside you realize how big it is. The staff was very attentive and the food was delicious.
Amazing! ! The Shrimp and Grits are magical. Nice atmosphere.  Very reasonable prices.
Came to Lakeland for an exposition at the Lakeland center. After leaving we were very hungry. This place had a charming curb appeal so we went in. The food was a delicious omage to New Orleans. And it was very delicious. I had the ultimate po boy with the grits cake (which added $1.00) an both were spectacular. My DH had the chicken tacos about which he raved. We did not have room for dessert, so I cannot speak of that, but I am sure, based on the food we had, that it too would have been marvelous.
To earn 5 stars In my reviews I must believe there is not a better example of the food you are serving. This place has hit that mark!!!! The Shrimp and Grits with a Pinot Noir is AWSOME! When I have a meal that is this good I crave desert! When our waitress Missy recommend the Oreo Beignets I was all in, and the chocolate sauce  was the finishing touch I desired. The service was equal to the food!!! Thank you all for a great meal!!!
Nothing really to say but Great Food! This is one of my tops for Lakeland.
One of my family's favorite places to dine! We've been going for years and enjoy it every time. I love the New Orleans atmosphere and how they decorated the place. The food is absolutely amazing, the grits are out of this world delicious ( highly recommended), and you can't beat the early bird specials. If you're in the mood for great sea food this is the place to be.
I don't get to go to Harry's nearly enough. I have never, not once, had anything but stellar food and dining experience there. Every chef's selection has lived up to its billing, and the staple menu items like crawfish or shrimp étouffée are perennial favorites. Their pecan crusted redfish is just out of this world. Catch them on a busy night and you're waiting for quite a while, but there's a good reason for that. Little perks the servers give you like telling you ahead of time "happy hour ends at seven, so tell me what you're going to be drinking tonight and how much of it and I'll put it in before happy hour ends" are always a nice bonus. The appetizers are generous portions and reasonably priced for what you're ordering. Don't expect to pay nachos & cheese prices for crab & eggplant napoleon with basil cream sauce. Their french bread and garlic/chive butter is outstanding. Harry's pulls off traditional cajun/creole dishes with a modern twist, and they do it very well. If you are looking for an authentic New Orleans experience with no adventures, then Harry's isn't going to quite fit that bill. However, it stays very true to the authentic dishes like jambalaya and gumbo. I'm hesitant to give 5 stars to a restaurant review, but Harry's deserves it.
Was pretty impressed with Harry's. We would definitely go again if we were in town. I had the small portion of jambalaya- pretty good not too spicy. My boyfriend had the catfish with "smashed" potatoes. If we go back I will get that it was delicious. We had bananas foster for dessert yummo! There's a really cute outdoor eating area, when the weather is nice it would be great!
Had lunch at Harry's today. Food was great and service was great as well. New England clam chowder was, well, as good as you get in New England! Highly recommend. We will definitely go back.
Ultimate po boy was great! I got the corn grits as my side item at the recommendation from the server. They were very good, and very different from what I was expecting. Not your normal grits! Great New Orleans style restaurant
Wow everything is soooo good. Shrimp taco with a grit corn cake. Very good even got the kids to try
First off the place was way bigger inside than it looks from the outside. The service was fast even though it was a busy Sunday. Quite impressed with the speed of the operation. I ordered Harry's Chicken which was very good. The menu was huge and it was hard to decide what I wanted. Wish I had the chance to try the fried green tomatoes or the Oreo Beignet. Not enough room in my belly for all that goodness. The bread with garlic butter was very good! Prices were reasonable and suggest coming between 4-6pm to get the early bird special. Overall very good experience and would come back if in the area again.
If you look at the top reviews like, "Some of the best bread I've ever had..." or "Great rice and beans!", this should give you a crystal clear indication of what this place is about. Who rates a restaurant 4 stars based on the bread, refills, and beans? I've been to New Orleans, and this place makes me wish I was eating back in New Orleans. Maybe the restaurant has always just been OK, and we have no other choices??? There would be no "Whoo-eeee!" from Justin Wilson here.
This was awesome. Great food!  Great service!  The Oreo beignets were the best! I visited twice in the week I was in Lakeland and tried two chicken dishes and both were superb. The service is exceptional but the parking can be a little tough especially on Thursdays.
The calamari was delicious.  I had the seafood combo platter of oysters, shrimp and catfish.  It was breaded just right and cooked to perfection with no excess oil.
Very enjoyable.  Fried green tomatoes were very tasty and very unique Really enjoyed the scallops and shrimp over grits.   My spousal unit really enjoyed the chicken baton rouge. Very nice to eat on the outside patio and watch people go by on the sidewalk and watch the activities in the town park.
i always have a great time here,and always eat outside,good food,excellent prices,service is hit or miss but always friendly,great drink prices too!!
Good sangria! Decent service, wasn't too impressed with the seafood but I'm from up north so I have high expectations! Good environment, indoor and outdoor seating, separate bar area.
