Is it possible to have the customer service be too good? The pizza was fantastic. The cannoli was almost as good as a fresh one in Little Italy. The service was great. Definitely coming back.
Yummy yummy yummy Pizza!!! Where can you go wrong with pizza? Well... cici's but just saying. This place is pretty good! Went to visit a friend in Lakeland and she insisted on taking me to this place. The pizza that they serve are the monstrous slice type where you can fold em for easy eatings! One thing she could not stop talking about were the garlic knots. When I had my first bite I could see why... Holy garlic knots batman!! Best garlic knots I've ever had. Go out and try the meat slice and of course the GARLIC KNOTS.
Like everyone else has said many times over - the best pizza place in Lakeland, hands down. Their meatball pizza is off the chain. Sliced homemade meatballs and big chunks of ricotta cheese. If you're looking for authentic Italians who put together a pizza that will knock your socks off, look no further than Palace. This is the original location downtown. They have several other Palace Pizzas and Palace Restaurants in Lakeland and Bartow. Price is reasonable for the monster pizza you get if you order the large.
Best pizza in town. Great ownership! The garlic knots are to die for
Ok, so, thanks to winning the genetic lottery, I am that skinny fat kid who can load up on carbs without too much damage to my manly figure.  I say that half jokingly because Lord knows I'll be hitting up the gym quite a bit more and working on nomming less as I grow into my older age.  With a two week stint in Florida for work I have somehow managed to stumble into this place (and one of their other locations) 4 times.  I can do it, ya know.  Workout Power!  Kind of ridic?  I think not.   Why?  HAVE YOU TASTED THEIR PIZZA?  So good!  I could go on and on about how "I am from Chicago and I know good pizza" or "I have been to NYC 6 zillionty billion times and know good thin crust" but I'll spare you the soapbox.  It just tastes damn good, and no matter where you're from, you know when pizza is buenissimo.  Their thin crust has the perfect soggy in the center for foldability, and the outer crust is crispy crunchy oh so fine.  The toppings are varied, so you can get your pep & sausage or go balls to the walls WiLd(!) and get a buffalo chicken pizza or veggie white pizza.  If you're feeling like you wanna sink your teeth into something thick, order their Sicilian.  Top it how you want.  Have it YOUR WAY.  Just do it!  Chase it all down with some garlic knots (immediately followed by some gum or breath mints) and you've got your spot hit. Come hungry, leave happy.  Oh wait, that's IHOP.  But that applies at Palace Pizza, too.  Huge fan, boom.
best pizzeria in downtown lakeland period
This as it good as it gets for great, authentic NY pizza here in Lakeland. This is a weekly ritual for my family. My kids love it, too.
WOW!!!!! thats the best word to describe how good the pizza is here.  Came to lakeland with the family to eat at Harrys but they had a really long wait time so we settled on here since my father in law said this was the best pizza and by far this is some of the best pizza I have ever had.  The pizzas themselves are pretty large and there is pretty much any combination you can think of.  They also have pre made pizzas if you need to be in and out.  We also got the garlic balls and they are  huge and delicious.  I wish this place was a lot closer because I would not go anywhere else for pizza if it was.  If you are in Lakeland and looking for a bite to eat definitely stop in here for a bite to eat.
My friend and I came here to grab lunch and aside from the fact that I already love this place from multiple previous visits today happened to be the best yet. I'm actually here right now and needed to write this review on the spot. I rarely celebrate my birthday and so I try not to make a big deal of it. I'm not sure of her name but the cashier was so sweet, asked if we needed anything else, and casually asked if we had anything planned for the weekend. Jokingly I said well it is my birthday! I am 19 today haha aka the age of limbo. And I thought that was the last of it. As my friend and I were eating our pizza she came up to us, asked if I liked tiramisu cake. I said yes and 5 minutes later came out with a generous amount of tiramisu cake and said happy birthday! How sweet of her! I barely get greets from my friends that are so genuine and ugh it meant everything to me. Safe to say my birthday has been made and it's only 2 in the afternoon :)
We stopped here on our way to Orlando and wanted something good, fast, but not fast food. It was perfect. The staff were so friendly, the pizza was awesome and the setting was just what we were looking for. It's seat yourself and has a cute little patio that is right on the Main Street which is good for people watching. We will definitely be back the next time we are in the area.
I've eaten here for years and years now. I'm a total pizzaholic. I definitely think that the large and xlarge pies are priced appropriately. I'm not really a fan of Italian dishes, so I can only speak for the pizza. I know a lot of people compare this to NY pizza and yeah, it's as close as you're going to get, but there's nothing better than having a slice in the Big Apple itself. Garlic knots are awesome, but only when they are warmed correctly. The last few times I've ordered them, they've been cold inside and that always sucks. I'm also not the type of customer who complains, so I deal with it instead. The only bad experience I've had was at their Highland City location a couple of years back. I ordered a pie and when I brought it to my car and opened the box, it looked like the pizza had not been placed all the way in before they closed the box and it was all messed up. When I walked back inside, the girl working there argued with me that I did that to my own pizza. I felt like burying her face in the only good spot left of the pie because she made me so angry. I never returned to that location, but I'm not going to dock them a star because of that. Instead, I stick to the downtown location. I sometimes stop by there before going to class and study, one employee even offered to help me with my homework one time which I thought was super nice. She made up for the other rude girl!
My wife and I stopped in here waiting for a food truck rally to open up. We stopped because they have pizza by the slice. My wife got pepperoni and I got the pepperoni & Italian sausage. OMG - so freaking good! I usually don't like the crust of the "big chain" places but I ate this crust up. You can tell it was very fresh ingredients. If we weren't so full after the food truck rally, I would have stopped and got a whole pizza to go. Cannot wait to go back!
The downtown Palace Pizza is my favorite pizza spot in Lakeland. The only place that compares is the Original Primo's pizza on combee, but I just love Palace Pizza. You have to get garlic knots. Best in the world. Also, if you come 10 min before closing they might sell you pizza at a discounted rate.
I came for lunch and I ordered the Ziti with spaghetti sauce. Was really good and not overly cheesy like most places make it. Their bread sticks are awesome! Their cheesecake is delicious as well! Good friendly service and it's family owned  :)
Found this place on Yelp while trolling across the state on our Florida vacation adventure. Always a little nervous with a new place, but the reviews didn't disappoint. This is a spectacular pizza joint! Don't know about other locations but downtown certainly met and exceeded our expectations. Only had pizza and bruschetta, but both were tasty and delish. Yum-O! 5 stars from me!
Been here a dozen times over the past two years...and my opinion has not changed.  Best pizza with great service.
I ripped the Palace Pizza in Mulberry a couple days ago for poor customer service, downtown location is much better!! Delivered cheesy garlic bread to my pregnant wife with no added cost when it took longer than expected due to heavy customer traffic. Much appreciated guys!!
I visited Palace Pizza over my lunch break one afternoon. The pizzeria was very busy with the lunch crowd and there was plenty of seating for everyone. The outdoor seating area was a little crowded, but provided a nice view of the downtown area. The service was very prompt and the prices couldn't be beat! We had breadsticks, a slice of pizza and a pop (or soda if you're not from the North) for around $10. I found the pizza to be very tasty. The crust was crisp and had an overall good flavor. The breadsticks were huge and a little too doughy, but were good nonetheless. The only thing that would have made my experience better is if I could have had a beer with my pizza - I am sure the workplace would have frowned on that.
Great local pizza place.  The staff is always very friendly!  For something different, try the buffalo chicken pizza...really good!
Great pizza, very quick service. Perfect place to go for a quick lunch or dinner.
Recently moved to florida. My boyfriend is from nyc so he knows his pizza. He said its his favorite pizza thus far in florida!
A great place to eat and take in the scenery of downtown Lakeland.  Cafe tables outdoors, red checkered table cloths indoors, workers talking in Italian behind the counter.  Pizzas are on display and reheated for your pleasure (I found them only mediocre, sometimes soggy).  Great lasagna, manicotti.  Love that I can order a beer with it!  Located amid a strip of bars and restaurants, a great stop on a strolling evening....
I don't care what anyone says. Bread makes the sandwich. Bread is like a great girlfriend (warm, soft and a flaky crust). I went there with a few friends and had the chicken Parm. And it was almost perfect. I probably should have asked for more sauce when I go back and I will go back.
Visiting several little shops in the downtown Lakeland area. We came acoss this pizza joint. Its our new Favorite! Its cute, quite, the staff are professional and welcoming... But most important the food is great! They would put any veggie pizza around to same!
Being that I lived in Chicago, finding good pizza now is not easy. This small pizzeria in downtown lakeland was OK. They had a large variety of slices, and the service was prompt. The atmosphere was nice, I would recommend sitting outside if you can. They have a cool mural on the outside that I was impressed with, which doesn't have much to do with the food, but hey, I like art....
The pizza here and at all their locations are fabulous. Although, the downtown one will always be my favorite! They make awesome white pizzas with lots of garlic just the way I like it. The garlic knots are always dripping with tons of garlic. Yummy! Can you tell I'm a garlic fan? The only thing I was disappointed in was their cold Italian sub. Maybe it was off day for whoever made it, but it had no flavor at all. The bread was blah and kept falling apart. Even the meats had no flavor. I also didn't like the squirt of Italian dressing the put on top. I'll make sure to tell them oil and vinegar next time if I try it again. I think I'll stick with what they do best though... Pizza!
Being from New York I know what good pizza is and rarely do I even stray from my favorite pizza shops, so I was surprised that in the little city of Lakeland there is delicious pizza to be had! While the sauce was a tad watery, the crust was awesome, and dare I say better than some places I've tried in NYC. A huge plus, too, is that you can also sit outside and they have a huge selection of wine and beer as well, on top of at least a dozen specialty slices to choose from.
Agree that it used to be a lot better.  I used to eat there 1-2 times a week, and now I never go there.  The pizza often tastes like it has been left out a long time, and they often over or underheat it.  If you order a fresh pizza, it is very good, but the pizza by the slice is too often not.  Their regular Italian restaurant on the south side (behind Ale House) is very good, however.  For better pizza, go to Valdiano's (next to the movie theater at Lakeside mall).
We've been to the other Palace locations and found this one to be our favorite.  Loved the atmosphere here.
Best grilled chicken ceasar salad in town!
Best pizza in town. This place is a staple in Lakeland and an absolute treat for locals. Bringing home a pie from Palace says "I care". They have a huge variety to try by the slice but go at lunch or early dinner for the best variety. If you are into bread sticks skip em and order the garlic knots instead. Trust me on this unless you're not into garlic. Of course if you don't like garlic at all, you will not like their pizza. I've had their salads which are okay. The chicken cesar is probably the best. Their hot sandwiches are good but pretty plain. The daily special is something I look forward to. Its $5-$6 and is usually a hot pasta dish served with a bread stick & a drink. The portion is always huge. If your in the mood for dessert, pick something out from the case, they are all delicious especially the tiramisu (made in house by mama). And if they happen to be selling Italian cookies, do yourself a favor and buy a box. You'll be glad you did.
The chicken Caesar salad is delicious with a big portion. Also the Thursdays special "Chicken Cacciatore" is a good selection. My favorite pizza is the buffalo chicken or chicken bacon ranch.
Great food made fresh for you while you wait or choose from selection behind window counter. Serve beer and wine.
One of the best pizza places in Lakeland. If you're downtown and craving pizza, there's really only one option. Very friendly staff also!
My favorite pizza in Lakeland, great vodka ravioli.  Staff is authentically Italian.  Located in downtown, nice area.
I can't find a single bad thing to say about this place. I walked in around 11:30am to grab a few slices for lunch. They had an amazing display of at least 15 different pizzas ready to be eaten whole, or by the slice. Each one looked more delicious than the last. I chose 2 pepperoni, mushroom, and black olive slices. The girl immediately threw them in the oven and they were ready in less than a minute when I hit the register. There's nothing that upsets me more than when I order pizza by the slice and they overcook the hell out of it. Even after I put a little parm or garlic salt on it and grab a seat, I have to wait 10 minutes til consumption. Call me crazy but a scorched mouth roof just isn't as fun as it never used to be. Well, not this place. The pieces were warm and ready for immediate consumption. Finding a seat was a small challenge, which I take as good sign. Right after I sat down the line was almost out the door. The dining room is quintessential pizza parlor. Italian flags, red and white checkerboard tables, a handful of specialty beers for those not coming in during their lunch hour. Oh, and the pizza, the star of the show, is fantastic. They specialize in thin crust "New York" style pizza, but the stuffed pizza looked like it would take down the the most aggressive of appetites. I work in Lakeland only about once a month but you can guarantee this is my once a month lunch destination. I don't eat pizza often, but when I do, it's Palace Pizza.
palace is what a neighborhood pizza place should be.  great food, great family.
This is comfort food - authentic Italian - Delightful hosts - generous portions....I loved it!
Tried this place for the first time tonight. I've walked by it a couple a times before, but finally decided to give it a shot. We had the infamous garlic knots which were awesome, then I had a giant slice of pizza and my husband ordered a calzone. The pizza was exactly how I like it. Not greasy, crispy crust, light sauce, and nice and hot. I got my slice by the time we paid at the counter, but my husband had to wait for them to make his calzone. This wasn't a problem since we ordered the garlic knots. I didn't try any of the calzone because I was full from my slice by the time it came. It really wasn't a long wait and we didn't mind because they were making it fresh. He wasn't too thrilled by it. He said it wasn't bad, just not the best he's ever had. Other than that it was a great atmosphere. The staff was very attentive and friendly. We will definitely be returning next time we have a craving for some pizza.
