Best tasting burger I've had outside Miami's "Burgers & Beer Joint". Dipping sauces for fries are awesome. Service was prompt, efficient and friendly. Manager checked in on us to see how we were doing which was appreciated. It's definitely on the "gourmet" side of the price scale ($23 I think for 2 burgers, 2 drinks and a side of fries) but we'll come back when the burger hankering strikes again!
Sometimes you get let down and tonight was one of those nights. My "OMG!" burger's bottom bun was so soggy it border-lined on making me gag. My wife got "The Skinny" and her bread was so hard & dry it broke into pieces and sucked your mouth dry. We both liked the sweet potato fries & dipping sauces though. We paid around $26 for just two burgers and fries (no drinks). When you charge that kind of money for burgers & fries your customers expect perfection. This was just plain disappointing. Honestly, Ruby Tuesdays has burgers better way better than the two we got from Burger21. I don't understand the overpriced hype and I don't think we will be going back unless I'm with a group who insists.
Just another overpriced burger joint... So granted that this place has some creative sandwich selections...and they have some crafty sauces to dip your fries in to...but these are some pricey burgers...over $40 for three of us. We walk in and they have a hand washing station right at the front door...I'm kind of a germ freak so at first I think it's a great idea, but it bunches up the ordering line and drink station line.  Maybe two of these on the back would be better. We ordered our meal and took a seat...it is a clean and comfortable restaurant that is kept up well. Our order arrived in about 15 minutes...a bit long for counter ordering, but not too long. For $40, our meal came in a little basket and fries in a paper cup.  Nothing too fancy about the presentation. My burger was good...the meat was fresh and the toppings were tasty.  But it was a basic 1/4 pound party that I just forked over $10 for....again, nothing special The little shoestring fries were okay, but nothing to separate them from other places...they had some creative dips that taste good...but more just as a gimmick. Chocolate shake was not hand dipped ice cream...more like soft serve blended.  I really can't believe some people touted these as great shakes. Decent food but not a standout for sure....for the price I would go to a sit down restaurant and order a burger dinner.
Not bad! Turkey Skinny burger with avocado is my go-to. The kitchen staff seems to actually care about what they are sending out - fiancé ordered medium and wound up with well done. The guy remade it, apologized, and said he definitely didn't want things like that coming out of his kitchen. Nice to hear!
Simple rule: don't serve dry, stale bread with a hamburger....especially when you charge that much money. When they first opened, they were pretty good but honestly, you can get a better burger @ 5 Guys. Also, what's up with the odd marketing?
Been here twice, first time was soon after they opened and it was relatively quiet. Second time was controlled chaos; it was Friday night though. The food was not impressive, not bad either. My husband is vegetarian and had a bean burger that he enjoyed. I had a Mediterranean chicken sandwich that was the messiest thing I have ever eaten. Just a piece of fried chicken smothered in condiments; melted feta, grilled onions, other unrecognizable substances. It slid right out of the bun, which was fine, I didn't want the bread anyway. The staff is very friendly and helpful, I appreciated that. A little expensive for what you get.
Decent quick service restaurant burger. I ordered the cinco burger medium and it was actually prepared medium - which was appreciated. The jalepenos were not deseeded if you don't handle spicy well. I got a side salad with it. Not a bad place to grab a quick bite.
I'm not a big beef eater but every now and then I like a great hamburger! My wife was hungry for a burger and said lets try Burger 21. I had the Black and Blue and I gotta tell you it's one of the top five burgers I have ever had! We split a large order of fries and they were hot and cooked perfectly, the employees were very nice and efficient. The sauce bar was excellent and clean and I have zero complaints. Keep up the good work and we will back often. I can't wait to try the Tai Shrimp Burger. The thing that I liked is that the meat stands on its own and its not over powered by anything else on the burger. You can taste how fresh the meat is and its not salted to death but seasoned perfectly.
I drive up then in the parking lot I could smell the food cooking!  As I walk up I see a patio but because its been raining they have clear plastic rolled down to keep from raining on the customers I thought this is awesome,  this is my first visit. As I walked in I see ceiling fans and misting fans for Florida this is great part of the patio has chairs and tables the other part has couches and cushioned seats. Inside there is a sink you stick your hands into two holes it sprays like a shower over your hands then an automatic towel dispenser gives you a towel. The greeter ask if you want  a menu it has a good selection  it has a vegetarian selection of a few burgers, they have hot dogs, seafood,  burgers,  1 french fry order is a pound several people can share they have several sauces you can choose from, the apple cider is very good along with the Thai ketchup.  After you get your seat the servers are looking at your number in a few minutes here comes the fries so good you can eat alone it comes with a big bowl of sauce if you pay $1.39 extra its good like an alfredo sauce with bacon and chopped green onions. I ordered the black and bleu sliders comes with 4 between the fries and sliders it was good! Beverages,  tea sweet and unsweet, beer,  soda , bottled and fountain, and wine, they have cheerwine there I was impressed,  will I ever go back , most definitely Oh they have shakes and desserts
Ahh Burger 21 not only knows good burgers but they know good fries, sauces and milkshakes!! We went in the afternoon and sat outside because it was so nice out. The patio was covered so it was an added bonus to not be sitting in the sun. Some one greeted us and gave us menus. You then go inside and order and pay for your food, they give you a number and then when its ready they bring it to you. I ordered a Skinny Turkey Burger and Sweet Potato fries and got some of the extra yummy marshmallow sauce. It was about 10 min when got out food and it look amazing! The burger was cooked to perfection. It came on a whole wheat bun and was topped with lettuce, avocado, tomato and a sun-dried tomato aoli. It was divine!  It was cooked to perfection!! Then there are the the sweet potato fries...they are to die for! They truly are my #1 thing to order there! Make sure you at least try the marshmallow sauce! Its like a semi-sweet tangy sauce. Its a good combo with the sweet potato fries!! I did not order a milkshake this time but I know that their Creme Brûlée, Strawberry Shortcake and the Cookies and Cream are all so good they should be illegal! Keep up the amazing work Burger 21!!!
I have been a fan of burger 21 since the original store has opened. I have been to many stores and ate many burgers! This location was fast at ringing your order up and getting the food out, especially factoring in that it was noon on a weekday. USE THE DEALS! This day Burger 21 had a Facebook post that is you said "B Timely" when ordering a burger and fries you get a free chicken basket. We went Monday, which they have their Bacon Cheesy burger with fries for $6.99, and used this deal and we got the chicken finger basket!!! The thai ketchup is fricken amazing!!!! I wish I knew how to make it. The burger was juicy, presented well, hot, and the bacon was crispy! The bun was soft and fresh. I put the Cajun Sauce on the burger this time for added flavor. It  made the burger sooooooo GOOD! The chicken tenders were really good. This is the first time I had gotten these. They were juicy and tender wight the breading at a perfect consistency. I tried BBQ sauce, honey mustard, cajun sauce, thai ketchup, and ranch dipping sauces (not mixed together) with the tenders and all were tasty. The french fries were hot and seasoned well!
The staff is friendly, the service is great, but the best part is the fantastic food. It's hard to find a burger joint with a good veggie option. Both their veggie burgers are delicious! The French fries are perfect and the sauce bar just takes it over the top. Definitely my new favorite place here in lakeland!
We had dinner here last night Sunday August 24th. They have a really nice patio but we ate inside as a bad storm was rolling in. You order at the counter and they bring the food to you. I had the bacon Cheesy sliders and they were really good. My friend had the bacon cheesy burger. We shared a large fry and that was plenty. The fries were good but cold. After we ate we bellied up to the desert counter and I got a macadamia nut caramel sundae. It was Awesome. The staff was all friendly. I wish we had these back home.
Excellent burger and great sauces. Food came out quick and the staff was attentive. Will come back.
This place has the BEST BURGERS!!!! Super clean very consistent I really don't need to say anything more than that it's just perfect great staff great food great pricing gotta keep it simple!  You're silly if you don't eat here! #ambition
Nice place. Clean and bright but a bit on the noisy side. Always busy but getting a table has not been too long a wait. Good selection of burgers. Premium beef - makes for excellent delicious juicy burgers. Crunchy on the outside, perfect on the inside!
Well, I finally got the chance to try Burger 21 and I must say that my disappointment was palpable. The burgers were great, but everything else I tried fell short of expectations by a good bit. The selection of the burgers ranges from everything from a simple "burger 101" (think your basic burger with traditional toppings and condiments) to more exotic fare such as shrimp burgers or chicken Parmesan burgers. I had the burger 101 and my dining companion the chicken Parmesan burger and we both agreed that our burgers were cooked well and brought to our patio table reasonably quickly. The non-alcoholic beverage selection was lacking. (For that matter, the best beer they had to offer was magic hat, so I wouldn't call their alcohol selection anything special either). Perhaps I've been spoiled by the "mix and flavor your own soda" machines that seem to be prevalent these days, but a selection of seven sodas seemed pretty anemic. The French fries, to my disappointment, were shoestring fries. This is clearly the worst cut of fry, made the worse by the excellent selection of sauces available to dip your fries in - from plain jane ketchup to chipotle mayonnaise to a toasted marshmallow sauce. The shoestring fry is too flimsy to adequately showcase these sauces. A crinkle cut fry or steak fry would be better suited to the task. The bathrooms were unexpectedly small. Two stalls for a restaurant located right next to a movie theater? Lines are inevitable, at just the place where you don't want lines. This place is far from terrible but has room for improvement. Comparisons to Five Guys are a foregone conclusion, both claim to serve "craft" burgers, but give me Five Guys over Burger 21 any day. Regardless, I wish them all the best and will try them again to experience more of their creative selection of burgers.
Same Burger 21 menu, same feel, same awesome milkshakes, buuuuut just a little lackluster when compared to other locations. Came in with the whole family and ordered a mess of food. The beer was cold, the fries were hot, and the burgers were great. I ordered my go-to -- The Tuna Burger and was happy as a clam. The flavors they have between that brioche bun is just stellar and I always tip my hat to it. The only gripe I have to report is the upkeep with the joint. We sat at the only place where we could fit 5 adults and two kids (It was busy, so we were lucky to find a seat). But the one end of our table near the doors to the kitchen and the floor was a little less than clean. My father and nephew actually slipped a bit and my nephew actually fell. He's a little kid, so what else is new, haha. Just something to consider in keeping up with. No harm, no foul.
Brioche bun, good, beefy grind on the patty, well seasoned burger. I appreciate these things. The sauce bar sets it apart from others though and the toasted marshmallow sauce to dip crispy sweet potato fries into gets me every time. The vegetarian options are far better than most burger joints which is rare and appreciated. I don't love the ordering process which is too close to the front door causing a constantly people-clogged front entry. The restaurant is clean and modern. The atmosphere is loud enough that families with small children feel welcome. Restrooms were clean. The had washing machine at the front door was really cool. Staff was attentive enough and efficient at removing empty burger baskets in a timely manner. Overall my family really enjoys the food at this restaurant.
Everything tastes so fresh, and holy gluten free options! We got a mushroom burger, gf burger, chicken basket for the kids and hot dog. The chicken was obviously not the frozen variety, and the kids gobbled it up. The fries were gorgeous. The burgers were tasty with lots of different sauces to choose from. Oh and the shakes were a plus. Recommended for kids and anyone with a gluten allergy. Oh and the staff is super friendly!
Can you say salty???  Probably not, if your tongue is as curled as ours was. Unless you are a deer needing a saltlick you probably will exceed your daily requirement in the first bite here.  We looked forward to a great burger from their many selections, choosing a Texas Haystack and a Philly Cheeseburger.  They arrived relatively quickly on soft brioche buns.  They were moist and thick. They came pre-sauced and loaded with stuff.  We thought maybe we should've ordered plain so we could enjoy the meat?  But then there was the salt issue that kept one from tasting any meat.  We didn't like the price for an $8 burger.  Five Guys includes a drink and fries for that price.  The Philly had such hot cheese it repeatedly burned my mouth far into the sandwich.  The Haystack was so messy and broke apart, needing a fork to finish.  We were glad we didn't also order fries. The sauce bar is a creative idea.  By finger and with a taste cup, I tried the Thai Ketchup (tasted like regular ketchup), the rajun cajun mayo (great), the cider mayo (unique) and the chipotle mayo (good).  But with a sauce coming with the themed sandwich, none were necessary.  Also wondered how the mayo-based dressings were kept/turned over--they're in large vats that don't appear refrigerated? (The tastes were warm.) The chocolate shake I ordered ($4) appeared beautiful and the whipped topping was yum.  The shake was not very thick--almost liquid-y.  Steak'n'Shake's is much better at half the price. Other Dislikes:  The floor was extremely slippery though nothing appeared spilled--seemed like the flooring.  The din in the place is excruciating-bad acoustics, hard to hear at the order register or talk. Lots of baby screamers.  Near parking is horrible, plan on a HIKE. Possible Likes:  Salads looked good.  Menu was large.  Sweet tater fries came out with many of the orders, might mean they're worth trying.  There is some booth seating, a large outdoor cafe with misters and counter with stools besides the tables. The salty bellyaches took repeat visits here off our list.  If we're going to spend that kind of money on lunch it's gotta taste gourmet and well-balanced.  I can think of TEN Lakeside places I'd move ahead of going here. (Grillsmith, Habibi, Saigon, Valdiano''s, BD Grill, Pappas, Abuelos, Chilis, Longhorns, Fish City)
Food: 4/5  The burgers taste great.  I've had 10 of the static 20 burgers on the menu, now I usually order the Chicken Parmesan burger, The buffalo Chicken burger, the Ahi Tuna burger or the Tex-Mex Haystack.  The hot dog is not bad, it's served on Texas toast instead of a traditional hot dog bun(I prefer a traditional bun).  Sauce station is great, lots of variety(I would like to see a home-made 'heartier' ketchup though.  The fries are the only reason they lose a point.  I ALWAYS order sweet potato fries when they're on any menu, the have a very thin cut version here.  They taste alright but they're always luke-warm at best.  Thin fries don't hold the temperature well. Service: 5/5  Quick, efficient and friendly.  Order at the counter, (Tip at the counter too) help yourself to a beverage and sauces.  'Movers' bring your food and sauce or drink refills.  Manager stopped by to check on us.  A solid staff and system for sure.  It would be cool to order from an ipad or something like that, it would fit the business model well.  Also, I wish they had  small trays to transport sauces and drinks. Atmosphere: 4/5  They have a hand-washing station at the front door in such a great idea, that way you don't have to wait on the single-stall restroom!  Everything feels clean and modern, not dated like Five Guys or cheesy like Red Robin. Value: 4/5  I'll pay $9 for a solid gourment burger instead of paying $5 for a greasy, soggy fast food burger. Although, I wish they had some kind of combo meal though where you could save a buck if you get fries and a drink or shake.
I went once and that was enough. Overpriced burgers that I could easily get from my frozen foods section at a supermarket. The fries were ok and nothing special. I like the fixings bar with the ketchups , but not enough to make me want to come back here or to give it a better rating.
For a place with burger in it's name, you would think they would have awesome burgers right? Well nope, you would be mistaken. Unfortunately these cooked to order burgers have little flavor. You may ask, well what was the best part of your meal? The single sweet potato fry that accidentally landed in with my regular fries. If anything stop here for a sweet suprise :)
I'm feeling a little sheepish for this two-star review, but it's warranted.  First of all, everyone's favorite ginger Iron Chef, Bobby Flay has perfected this model all across the country in Bobby's Burger Palace.  The a la carte, mordern burger joint has to be executed perfectly, and Burger 21 fell flat. There's nothing wrong with the menu, and I like the idea of small vs. big patties.  The ale house fries were terrible.  It was like they reheated McDonald's fries, piled them in a basked, and served them with watered down velveeta cheese and bacon sauce.  The burgers were cooked perfectly, but the buns were dry.  The milkshakes are pretty good, but I like some chunks of Oreos in an Oreo shake...not happening here, because they use a pre-ground Oreo mix. The decor is clean and modern, but it lacks any sense of character or warmth, and the prices for the burgers are reasonable, but the sides are all pretty pricey for what you get.  I'm certainly not going to recommend Five Guys, but there's got to be better burger places in Lakeland.
I was not impressed. I did not enjoy the set up at all. You order from a counter, but they don't even have the menu printed by the counter. Because you order from a counter ,not a wait person, your order does not come out at the same time as the person you're dining with. Not that it really matters because it is so loud in there you can't here the person you are with. The food was okay, but overpriced. Eight dollars will get you a large burger with no sides. The fries were mediocre. The ketchup bar was a nice touch. The place was overstaffed. Every two minutes we were interrupted by a staff member asking if we wanted to join the email club. No, I want to be left alone to eat my humdrum meal.
It was my first visit to the Lakeside Village (outdoor) mall and after walking passed GrillSmith which was my original target for lunch (based on a yelp review) I thought I give this place a go. I'm always on the hunt for a great burger, and great service and I got both here.   On the service side, there were two cashiers waiting for folks to come in - even when it wasn't busy.  I spent a few minutes with my cashier finding out what they liked best, or would recommend.  And what's up with all of the different sauces?  "Oh, you've got to try the toasted marshmallow sauce with the sweet potato fries!"  Mmmk.  Doesn't sound intuitive but I'll give it a try.  Pretty awesome to say the least. On the food side the burgers are like the FiveGuys Jr. and Regular burgers but they are a few gourmet choices you can you use to spin these burgers into something pretty tasty.  I got the Cinco option, b/c guacamole is a favorite for me.   Cinco Burger* 4.5 oz / 6 oz lettuce, tomato, guacamole, salsa, jalapeños, Monterey jack cheese, cilantro cream, sesame bun Some burgers come with bacon if you like bacon.  My friend riding my got the Cheesy burger: Cheesy Burger*  4.5 oz / 6 oz lettuce, tomato, American, cheddar or Swiss cheese, toasted brioche bun All burgers are cooked to a medium-well heat, and they nailed both of ours, they were perfect and came out of the kitchen hot. We also had some of their milk shake magic too, the Vanilla-Bean variety.  On a service note here, the guy spinning the milk shake mixer never left the station the whole time we were there, and was spinning shakes the entire time. I love sweet-potato fries, and the order isn't large but it was enough and I was very hungry the day we stopped in, and the dipping sauces include ketchup if you don't care to try the toasted marshmallow or apple-cider flavors.   So if you have a small burger, the sweet-potato fries, and shake (there's only one size and easy to split) or a soft drink (coke products) - you will leave full, no doubt. For as busy as this place was, the folks hovering over the dining room, and the (covered) outdoor patio kept the place very tidy.  Did a bathroom check too, they were in great shape and they get extra points for the Dyson hand dryers and hot and cold water that you can adjust.  The folks attending to the eating areas never stopped circling or stopping by to bus your table. As a bonus they have monthly charities they support, and they also have a gluten-free menu if either of those facts are interesting, they are to me: tinyurl.com/b-glutenfree | tinyurl.com/b-charitable Overall, the service, cleanliness, and food will keep me going back.  I found one closer to Orlando that I might try, but I really liked my experience at this one so it'd be my first choice even though it's not in my back yard. If you B-Hungry - try B21 - you won't B-Disappointed - when you see their t-shirts that previous statement will make more sense.
Oh Burger21 how I love thee! This place has the best burgers and fries! And surprisingly good chicken tenders too! The fries are to die for..they're always perfectly cooked, hot and crispy, the only problem is they aren't "all you can eat", lol. The different varieties of dipping sauces are awesome. I love the honey mustard and Thai ketchup. Now the burgers...always cooked to perfection, always hot and juicy right of the grill, loads of yummy toppings AND they offer gluten free buns! All in all, this place is the shizz and I recommend it to anyone looking for an awesome burger!
Burger 21 is an upscale burger joint with upscale pricing to match. $7.25 for a 6 oz cheeseburger, $2.29 for a side of fries and $2 for a drink. $4.75 for a signature shake.   I had the Cinco burger which has guacamole,  salsa, cilantro cream, jalapenos and Monterey Jack cheese for $8.   Really good and juicy!   The brioche bun is a nice touch. All my co-workers agreed the food was good but a bit pricy. One person who ordered the smaller 5oz burger said theirs was overdone.  Also something to note, the bottom of the cup that holds the fries is indented up so you're actually getting less than what it appears to be (think supermarket ice cream containers).  I would equate it to an order of small fries from McDonalds.  They're both similar in cut and appearance, but I think McD's fries are a little better. The restaurant may still be in the soft open phase, the main webpage still lists the Lakeland site as coming soon.  During lunch the place was packed and the staff was struggling to keep up, but they were still pleasant and quick to clean the tables.   IMO it's better then Five Guys, but I would recommend going during off peak hours or wait a couple of months.
First time here! One word.. deeeeeeeeeeeeeeelish!  Ordered the 6 oz black and blue with a basket of sweet potato fries. Soooooo good!   My burger was cooked perfectly and bun was super soft. When I come back, I would definitely visit here. Great outdoor patio and service. People who work there are super nice. Burgers = fantastic. Try now. Go!
OMG !!!  Wicked GOOD burgers !!!
Very excited to see this great restaurant move into Lakeland. Hopefully it's here to stay. They offer a variety of gourment burgers all customized to order. Again, the owners of this franchise are local, so support local! They also carry a line of old school soda's and freshly made milk shakes. The sweet potato fries are to die for. It's worth a try for a quick family dinner before the movies or a date night...but not first date.
Don't really like having to get my own condiments, drinks, and napkins but the food is excellent. Waitstaff was very helpful and attentive , just hate the line for drinks and condiments
Burger 21- Highly recommended!  We went twice (we usually don't do that) but the BBQ burger with bacon was phenomenal!!!!  The fries are great especially with all the types of sauce you can dip them in!  We had a cookie and two milkshakes and they were all fantastic!  I can only image that everything on their menu is just as great!  Highly recommended - don't question it!
This is a great place. The burgers are really really good. Please get the sweet potato fries. They're shoestring cut and absolutely delicious. The sauce bar is really good too.
I finally went after it being open for about a year or so, I had the black and bleu burger, sweet potatoe fries and a beer = $15.+-   The burger was hands down awesome, fries were normal nothing over the top, beer was served in a small glass, it definitely wasnt a pint. We ordered at the counter so I felt a little rushed when deciding what to get since there were a few people behind us, so I'm not a fan about that. The sauce bar was different for a burger place. The decor was plain and uninviting so we sat outside to enjoy the fresh air. The staff was friendly and attentive and my burger was good... But for $16. it is overpriced and not my number one choice, I feel the burgers at Outback or any other restraunt are just as good.
Easily one of my favorite burger places I've ever been to. Great burgers, friendly people and the prices are not too bad either
Decent burgers, pretty good milkshakes. Nothing mind blowing, but one of the better places to eat in Lakeside and definitely better than a fast food burger. The hand washing machine is pretty cool.
Great burger joint! Does get busy but still found seating, no problem. I ordered the burger 101 off of the gluten free menu and it tasted great and there really careful in handling gluten free items. They had a different waitress bring it out to avoid contamination. My mother ordered a salad and said it was amazing. Definitely going back!
If your going to eat a burger might as well do it here, ingredients are fresh,well put together and very flavorful, best thing is they deliver to the Brass tap, Whats better than a craft beer and a gourmet burger?
Excellent burger place. A little cheaper than Five Guys but much much better. You can get the burger cooked how you want it, and the burger is actually a chunk of meat worth calling a burger. Not like Five Guys or Steak N Shake where your burger is as thick as your finger nail. The French frys here are a little different at first but very good. I will definitely be coming here again. Highly recommend it if your coming to lakeside.
About time Lakeland had a Burger place that is good over nasty 5 guys anyways love burgers and fries and try vanilla shake best ever!!!
Great burgers, great service, could be more seating but people are in and out quickly.  Make sure you drop in on Thursdays for the Slider Specials!
My first time at Burger 21 was today and although the food was pretty good, I don't think the value was very good. Sliders, fries and soda $ 14.42 ? I don't see myself going back anytime soon. The sweet potato fries were pretty awesome though. I like mine dipped in honey mustard until I tasted the "toasted marshmallow" yum
Great burgers, everything is fresh and delicious. The prices are a bit high but you get that back in quality, I recommend the bacon and cheese and fries! Have been there 3 times since they opened and have never been disappointed
Great staff. Great food. Burgers were made exactly how I wanted it, not over done/under done. Prices are normal for most burger joints, but I will say that it was one of the best burgers I had. There sweet potato fries were great (first time I have ever had those types) & a must have to any order. Will continue to go back
Though the menu of burger choices is good and the atmosphere decent, I found the bun downright overpowering.  It really took away from what could have been an A+ Black and Blue burger. The sweet potato fries are very good and even the shakes are great (Hubby had that, not me). Still, with so many other great options around Lakeland, I won't be making a beeline for Burger 21 anytime soon.
Ok, first impressions - clean, bright and happy.  Good start!  I'm not a big fan of counter service, but it works here.  I ordered a small OMG medium rare and my wife ordered a small burger medium rare; both were cooked perfectly!  Excellent flavor and hand formed texture.  I'm a burger snob and this one was great!  My side garden salad looked good and was fresh.  My wife's sweet potato fries were good.  This place reminds me of a 50's diner redone for 2012.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  This was a wonderful burger experience and we will be back often.  We actually put burger 21 higher than Square One and Five Guys.  One more thing - save room for the Bobby J Sundae.
Burger 21 is a pretty good gourmet burger place with loads of options. The restaurant doesn't provide full table service but rather you order at the counter and then they will bring it out to your table. I'm not sure how new the restaurant is but the small inside was packed so finding an indoor table was not an option. We had to settle for an outdoor table in the heat of the day, so that made the overall dining experience less pleasant. However, while the seating options are limited, the menu is not. There are loads of burgers to fit all types of burger-eaters. There are also fish, chicken, turkey, veggie, and black beans burgers for those not looking for beef options. A big bonus is that the chicken and and turkey used is hormone free and gluten-free options exist. I had the Mediterranean chicken burger which was nice. It had a tasty feta spread with roasted red peppers which I really enjoyed. The brioche bun was also very good but maybe was a bit too bready for me. My husband had the cheesy sliders with fries which he said were pretty good. We also has some sweet potato fries which were okay, but they're very thin and like shoestring fries which I'm not a huge fan of. They were a bit better when we dipped them I the Ragin' Cajun mayo. YUM! Overall, Burger 21 was good but not amazing and to be honest, maybe a bit more expensive than I prefer for a burger. However, it is a good alternative to the everyday, boring, mustard and ketchup burger.
