As another Yelper said: "Mr. Fish is an institution." It sure is. It's as institution as institutions get. Philly may have the cheesesteak, Chicago has the deep dish pizza, Lakeland has the fish sandwich. Without a doubt this is the best fish sandwich I've ever eaten. Mr. Fish was around before I was born. I grew up going down to Lake Morton, feeding the ducks stale bread and eating a Mr. Fish sandwich. If you want the epitome of tradition, Mr. Fish is it. They haven't changed a single thing in their fish sandwich concoction in all their years in business. Fresh Icelandic cod filets, battered in the secret family corn meal breading mix, perfectly fried to golden brown, plopped on a big bun smeared with spicy brown mustard, fresh sliced raw vidalia onion rings and a pickle wrapped in a paper baggie. The people that run it are as nice and down home as they can be. Just a bunch of southerners frying up fish. Supposedly they have a menu but I've not looked at it. I don't want to look at it. As far as I'm concerned, all they serve is the "Mister Fish sandwich." I have traveled all over and have yet to have a fish sandwich that tastes as good as theirs does. I would pin this sandwich against anything anyone else could come up with anywhere in the world. It's that good. For fish filets that are fried, there isn't one drop of grease anywhere on the filets. Bite into the sandwich and it's a crunchy delight. The place is a total dive, no restaurant, no bathrooms - just a window you walk up to place your order and some benches to sit down and wait for it to come up. Mr. Fish is just pure amazing. The best thing to ever come out of this city. This place needs to be featured on the Food Network. 5 stars is not enough.
Ok the fish was good but i just could not get over the atmosphere. The trash cans are right where you order and there were so many flies. I wish i could give it more stars but for now i will skip this place.
If you somehow end up in Lakeland, FL, do yourself a favor and eat at Mister Fish. Possibly the best Fried Fish sandwiches I have ever had! Family owned from the beginning, great recipe that has been handed down generations, and at a price that beat all of the lunch establishments of downtown. You can't go wrong with this place. Also have great Sweet Tea and Lemonade.
I am dragging out 4 entire stars for what is essentially a window in a shack, with only a couple tiny benches where you wait for your order.  Like others before me, I have no idea what kind of fish they use in this sandwich.  I don't even care.  The batter is delicious and grease-free, and the small sandwich is just the right size. Their cole slaw is some of the best around.   What Mister Fish lacks in seating, he more than makes up for in location, just across the street from Lake Morton.  There are picnic tables and benches all around the lake's perimeter, and this is some of the finest seating in town to eat your Mister Fish sandwich and watch birds, especially the lake's resident 50 to 70 swans.  In fact, Lake Morton's original swan pair was donated to the city by Queen Elizabeth in 1957.  I wonder if that makes them a royal pain in the... Be warned that ibis along the lake's shores will eye you from a respectable distance, but be strong.  If you look like you might give up a French fry, be prepared for the flock to descend.  My dad can't resist handing out food, even when I tried to explain it was a really, really bad idea.  For what it's worth, the ibis give a star for the French fries alone.
Awesome.  Pure Awesome.  Do yourself a favor and next time you drive between Orlando and Tampa drive 15 minutes off I-4 and get yourself a delicious fish (or chicken!) sandwich. The details - BIG fried fish or fried chicken sandwiches with a breading that might be made of crack its so good.  Really no grease to speak of and very fresh toppings.  Do yourself a favor and get it with everything on it.. its a bit weird to have both Ketchup and Mustard on a fried fish sandwich but it works.  Tater tots and a deliciously peppery coleslaw round out the meal.  Cherry soda is fun as a drink and they also have great freshly brewed tea. The only downside is there is really no seating at all... its basically a small window with a couple of benches on the side to sit while you wait for your food.  There is a beautiful lake very close you can sit at if the weather is nice.  No restrooms either and I would recommend using a GPS to get here - its a pretty random somewhat residential area. Mr. Fish - its awesome.
First off they have amazing customer service, the ladies that work there are so sweet. Second, the fish sandwich is HEAVEN. The first bite showed me how crunchy and delicious a fish sandwich could be and as you eat it the flavors just come alive in your mouth. An amazing combination. Onion rings were awesome too.
I got the clam boat and let me tell ya, the clam strips were amazing. They were nice and hot.  The fries were good just a little on the salty side for me. I gave them a 4 star review because the lady that waited on me was a bit crabby. This was my first time here and when I asked a question she answered like I should of known all about their menu items.
Mr.Fish and it's companion place, the Fish Place (in Mulberry) are fine local diner/dives for great fish and "local color".    Not only are these places "fun", Mr. Fish is an institution near the Polk Art Museum and Public Library on historic Lake Morton.  A worthy stop on a culinary journey.  Mr. Fish is simply a take-out window.  Most order the fish sandwich all-the-way.  Enjoy this outta the way piece of history and enjoy your sandwich at Lake Morton, a blink from the restaurant. *The Fish Place in Mulberry has since changed hands a  coupla times.  May not be any relation any more.
Fried fish sandwich. I'm not even positive there is anything else on the menu, or if there is a menu at all. It doesn't matter, there is only one reason for this tiny establishment's existence.. the fish sandwich, and it's pretty damn good. The fish reminds me of grouper, but it's not. In fact, I don't want to know what kind of fish it is. Let's just call it "mystery fish" and leave it at that. Walk up to the window, order, stand outside in the hot & humid air for 15 minutes waiting for a fish sandwich. Charming it's not.
Went by today for the first time in four years.  Unfortunately, this place has changed a lot and not for the better.  Yes the food is still good, but the customer service has declined with time.  I've been to this place many times while growing up and I have fond memories of a chatty, friendly, and gracious owner.  But today, she was pretty crabby and a stickler for money.  I ordered a small fish sandwich basket which is normally $7.99, but they've recently added charges to get different side items for the basket.  The charge is $0.50 for changing each side item.  So for the two side items I ordered, I had to pay an extra dollar, plus an upcharge for the actual items.  They never charged for changing items before.  There was no mention of an extra charge or upcharge while ordering via telephone.  So when I arrived to pick up my food, they added an extra $3.00 to my order.  Super confused, I inquired and was told that the charges were stated on the menu.  But I ordered via telephone, hence I was not looking at a menu.  Adding $3.00 to an order should have definitely been relayed through a telephone order.  Treat every customer like they've never been there before.  If you treat customers right, they will keep coming back.  As good as the fish sandwiches are, I refuse to spend money at businesses that lack customer service.  This will most definitely be my last visit.
I liked the outside decor however, there is no inside seating; just outdoor bench seating. Their sandwiches are served through an windowed opening. We ordered the fish sandwich and crab cakes with cherry soda. The crab cakes seemed slightly burnt with NO taste and the fish sandwich was fresh but also lacked taste - I don't know what happened there, maybe the chef was not on their game that day. I hope they try adding some seasonings in the future for that "BAM" factor.
Although this may not look like much more then a hole-in-the-wall. The food is great, the menu is well, fish. But you can get a burger,chicken or a hot dog. The Lemonade is perfect, IMHO,  not too sweet, not too tart. The fish sandwich with fries is good size. The service is through a walk up window and each order is made for you , so it is hot ( ask my son). It is across the street form the Lakeland Library and Morton Lake so there are plenty of shady places to eat as there are no tables, I said hole-in-the-wall. The batter on the fish and chicken is  to die for. It is not greasy and the fish is flaky. Although I don't know what kind it is, Haddock or Hake.
Pros: Best fish sandwich in Polk County!!!! Cons: A little pricey
I gave Mr. Fish five stars because they are an institution in Lakeland. Great fish sandwiches, and awesome sides like fried okra & corn fritters. When I moved back home this was the first place I visited. Gotta love that wild cherry soda!
Just adding my vote to the list. There is nothing I can add to the rest of the reviews here - it's a window in a shack that serves great fish sandwiches. The lady behind the window calls you "honey" and is totally casual and delightful. Well worth the stroll over there for lunch if you're working downtown.
This may be the best fish sandwich in Lakeland, fish & chips too, possibly central Florida.  I remember when this place opened in the 70s, it used to be a corner gas station and snack stand.  The fish is just, right.  It's tender and the fried crust just works.  Sides are fine, at worst unremarkable, but the puppies and fries are just like I like them, and the slaw is good, like we make at home.  It's definitely earned my regard.  Visit the library, go to Mr. Fish, and picnic on Lake Morton, a nice spring day.
We'd read great reviews of this place, so thought we'd take a road trip down to Lakeland to check it out.  We were not disappointed.  The service was friendly, and, while there was a bit of a wait for our fish sandwiches, it wasn't too long.  I got the small fish sandwich, while my husband got the large, and we honestly couldn't tell the difference in size.  They were both generous portions, with mine having two pieces of fish in the bun, so next time, we would both get the small fish sandwich.   The fish was great, so well-seasoned, moist on the inside, and crispy on the outside.  The location, as others have mentioned, is a plus, since it's within easy walking distance of a picnic table at the lake.  Beautiful view, good food, great time, and all for a fairly reasonable price ($23 for the two of us): 1 big fish sandwich combo (includes fries & coleslaw), 1 small fish sandwich, corn fritters, and 2 drinks. We will definitely return when we're next in Lakeland!
We went once, the fish was very Greasy, maybe an off day for the cook, maybe not.
Eating at Mr. Fish for the past 30 years.  One of the best little hole in the wall eateries for great tasting fish and so much more.  Enjoy
The food was excellent. I got the big Mr. fish sandwich, and it was exceptional. It was probably one of the best the shelters I've ever had. My wife got the hamburger, and it was bigger than we expected. She also ordered french fries and lima beans. Lima beans were phenomenal not to mention surprising seeing them a fast food place like this. Everything was actually outstanding, the food, the service. I highly recommend it. Forgot one thing, the burger was HUGE and it was great.
I was probably expecting more based on the excellent reviews posted on Yelp. For me, it was a basic southern style fish sandwich, ok taste, but rather hastily thrown together so that the variety of condiments weren't even close to evenly distributed on the sandwich. Fish was cooked perfectly and bun was fresh. Tried the fried mac & cheese, ok but maybe a little pricey for 5  small pieces with no dip. Good tasting cherry soda finished off the meal. Anyone who has had a "fish fry sandwich" such as they serve in upstate NY would be disappointed, but locally, it's among the best. 1 large fish sandwich, 1 regular fish sandwich, 1 order of fried mac & cheese bites, and two medium soda's came to just under $19.00.
The food is delicious! Only con is that they haven't turned this into an actual restaurant yet!
Since I live in Orlando, my best friend drove me to her hometown to experience, "the best fish sandwich in the world because there's nothing else like it....anywhere."  Judging from the old faded sign and the walk-up window pasted with wedding pictures featuring girls with very high bangs and way too poofy dresses, I became seriously concerned about ordering from a place that didn't even let you eat inside.  Nonetheless, my friend instructed me to order the Mr. Fish sandwich with fries and puppies, which I did.  The famous sandwich comes with mustard, pickles, onion, and ketchup, and when I said, "none of that stuff, just tartar sauce please," my friend would hear none of it.  I walked back to the car with a Mr. Fish sandwich with mustard, onion, pickles, ketchup, and cheese.  We drove across the street to the lake for a Mister Fish picnic where we watched the swans swim as we enjoyed the fried goodness.  Seriously, I mean really really seriously, this is the BEST fish sandwich I've ever had.  It's fresh cod, covered in a secret special batter and fried to perfection.  It was so good that we went back and ordered two more sandwiches to take back to Orlando with us, and sometimes we'll make a special two hour drive just to enjoy this fried fish sandwich that can't be found anywhere else.  There's not much in Lakeland, but there is Mister Fish and that's why we keep going back!
Mister Fish rocks!! This is definitely one of my go-to places for a fish sandwich and some fried okra. yum! The places is a small walk up cafe where you order your food from the outside. I usually just pick up a sandwich and eat by the lake. If you're in Lakeland definitely stop and check it out.
YUM!  As a seafood snob from New England, it takes a lot for a fish sandwich to impress me.  However, Mr. Fish didn't disappoint at all.  A literal hole in the wall on a street corner (don't blink...you'll drive right past it), the menu offers humongous fried fish sandwiches dressed with tarter, mustard, ketchup, onion, and pickles.  It was delish!  However, it was so big that we could have saved some money and halved a portion  The French fries were crinkle cut and fried to a crispy perfection.  The coleslaw was very yummy and not drowning in mayo.  There was a steady stream of locals ordering food to go while we were there, so this place is definitely an institution.  Oh, don't expect seating, though...there's one picnic table in the parking lot and that's it.  They do accept credit cards and will pour you a healthy free refill of soda that you've been sipping on while waiting for your order.  Would love to go back again and try even more things on the menu.
