Really great pizza! I really hope they expand to other locations....that's how much I liked it here. If they there were in my home state I'd be a regular. I ordered a personal pan supreme with green peppers. My order came out within 10 minutes, had fresh and crisp toppings. The dough is listed as thin but more of a mid thickness. The crust was a light crunch with a well balance to cheese and sauce. Best of all it wasn't drowning with grease like most other supreme pizzas. The servers were genuine, fast and happy to be there. There are lots of indoor seating with a few booths and a few outside seats as well.
Great food, great service, great time. My friends and I were looking for Italian as we were driving to Orlando from Tampa. A quick yelp search yielded this place so we decided to give it a shot. It's in a strip mall and looks unassuming, but it's worth it to stop by. The food is very well priced and delicious. I ordered penne alla vodka with proscuitto. It was rich, creamy, and flavorful. All the pasta dishes were served with a salad and breadsticks, which was a huge plus! Our server, and everyone else for that matter, was very well mannered and attentive, which made the experience even better. If I ever find myself in the area again, I'll be back!
The best pizza I've had in a while. Wish there was one near where I live. The crust is to die for. Have to try it if you are in the area.
Stopped here based on reviews and we were not disappointed. The food was fresh and tasty. Sauce was spectacular and the cannoli are to die for.
Love the IL Forno Supreme Pizza, and the bruschetta. Great food, nice staff. Very Nice Place
Love love love Il Forno's.  Both their pizza and their entrees are second-to-none.  HUGE portions.  I order the fettucini alfredo and typically have enough for 1 or 2 more entire meals.  My family's favorite is their sausage pizza.  Garlic knots are a must.  Service is always wonderful.  Our favorite place for family gatherings.
So far I have been twice. Both times the food was good. They atmosphere may not be much but I will go back for the food.
Great Service, Great food. The owner very friendly came by every table and checked in on everyone . Pizza and garlic knots were perfect.
Absolutely awesome.  Eat here all the time.  The shrimp fra diavolo is great and has their spicy marinara, which is probably my favorite marinara sauce anywhere.  Garlic knots are amazing.  Pizza is great.  Always good service.
Great place for casual dining but authentic Italian food. I had the Stromboli. Prices were very reasonable and portion sizes were generous. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable. Our server took time to answer any questions we had. I will most definitely be back!
Well it's Saturday night again and the wife and I wanted to try someplace new that we have never been too. We ended up II Forno and it was a very good choice. We started off with Calamari it was good I thought the Marianna sauce was a little runny for my taste but that's just knit picking. Then we ordered a large NY style pizza supreme with extra cheese and it was fantastic, I was really surprised by how good it was they may not have been surprised but I was. Dessert my wife's favorite part of the meal she ordered the Cheesecake it was fabulous drenched in a Strawberry sauce, I ended up eating half of it. By the way thanks for sharing the cheesecake with me.
Read the YELP reviews, decided to check them out.  My husband has also provided a contractor service here and told me the kitchen is spotless.  We started with the antipasto platter.  It was huge and the brushetta was literally piled two inches high.  The meat was fresh and the balsamic reduction was perfect.  From there, we had the baked lasagna, shrimp Alfredo, fresh bread, and side salads.  The portions were HUGE.   Our server was absolutely incredible...friendly, attentive, and enthusiastic.  He even sent us home with two mini cannolis made on site that were scrumptious.  We had a ton of food for less than $40.  Drove from Orlando to get there and we will definitely be going back!
Authentic Italian food!  This, thankfully, is not a chain.  The Pizza is thin and crisp...heaven.  Owned by a friendly, young Italian; the food is authentic.
I'm always a bit leery of "homestyle Italian."  Done well, it's incredible.  Done poorly, it's the lasagna surprise that everyone avoids at the potluck.  Il Forno's seems to straddle that line right up to the main courses before finally coming down on the "incredible" side. The appetizers and salads range from range from passable to outright bad--the fried cheese turned out to be a deep-fried cheese sandwich cut into strips, and the salads were iceberg lettuce, dressing, tomato, and red onion (in descending order of quantity).   The antipasto platter was huge, with a large amount of rolled pancetta/cheese/ham, olives, roasted red peppers (straight from the jar) and individual caprese salads.  My husband made it through about half of the appetizer before pushing it aside.  I would recommend sharing that appetizer with a table of six--it's far too much for two. Our dinners came out very shortly after the appetizer--the guys went classic, ordering mancotti and lasagna.  My friend and I went for pasta dishes: she had penne in vodka cream sauce, and I had noodles, fried pancetta, spices, whole eggs, cheese, cream.  AKA pasta carbonara.  How can such disparate ingredients create such an earthy, truly delicious meal?  I don't know either, but it was so very, very good going down.** We lingered for some time afterwards, chatting about life and trying to catch up months of distance in a spare 45 minutes.  The server was attentive, not intrusive, offering to box food when he could find a break in our conversation, and waiting until we had all fallen silent to offer dessert.  Sadly, we were too stuffed to take him up on it, but next time for sure. 3 stars average for the food (appetizers - 2, main courses - 4) and a bonus star for the awesome waiter. **Sorry about the damage to the fork, but it shouldn't have kept getting in the way.
Great food at a low price. This is not a fancy Italian restaurant, but the dishes you receive could be found in upscale Italian restaurant. Got a bottle of decent wine for only $16.99 and the portions were quite large, we had leftovers. I had linguine alla vodka with chicken Parmesan and they were both amazing. The pizzas looked wonderful & we'll definitely try that next time!
Ahhhh the power of Yelp. 4 days ago Kt B posted a negative review citing the lack of cleanliness. 4 days later and the staff are still talking about that review (as I overheard them while waiting for my salad) and their embarrassment. They took the review to heart as I found Il Forno very clean and very delicious. It's refreshing that the house Chianti is not measured to the (what's less than an ounce?) and the glasses are full to the brim. A validation that big corporate is not running this establishment. I chose the Caesar salad and am glad I did. The dressing (told it was homemade) was fantastic. For my main course I chose the Penne Arriabata and added sausage. The red sauce had a wonderful bite or kick to it. The penne was precisely cooked. The sausage..ahh the sausage. 2 large links with superb spice and a last minute pan fry to produce a crackle of the casing. Excellent. 2 thumbs up...5 stars! PS ~ Don't...don't...don't be thrown off by the exterior.
Same rating, two years later!  Food consistently delicioius.  I've added to my repertoire there:  Scrumptious Italian sub (called the Santini I think), great eggplant parm sub.  They arrive toasted, stuffed and oozing with goodness.  Small cold salad on the side which may be used on the sub or separately.  Great Italian dressing-I love it on the sandwich!   Yum garlic knots.  Anitpasto platter is huge--slabs of mozarella & tomato, black olives, rolled ham & cheese swirls, roasted red peppersI Great attentive men waiters add flair--and they speak highly of their boss, the place--and know the details of their menu & specials. Wine runs $7 a glass, beer is bottled and about $3.50.  Boo to Pepsi products.   This place used to be empty every time I went in.  Now, unless you eat early, you may wait for a table. 7/21/14.  Did not like their 10 inch personal pizzas.  Very little red sauce. Got the Supremo and the toppings were scant (like one sausage piece, a half inch square of bacon, no black olives, a few mushrooms, big let down)....on the entire pie!  Thin pie, others do the crust more tastily.  But I still like their subs and lasagna, manicotti.
I am very picky about my Italian food.  It is very rare that I love an Italian restaurant outside of New York.  II Forno is fabulous.  My husband & I have been here a couple of times to eat & have not been disappointed. Our most recent trip to II Forno was to celebrate our friends Anniversary. In celebration my friend & I ordered a bottle of Riesling to share.  I found the prices on the wine menu to be very reasonable.   The wine was just lovely.  While we were waiting to order we sipped wine & talked.  The place was packed & we were still able to carry on a conversation without having to yell or repeat ourselves.  The ambiance was the cherry on top of the wonderful food that was to come. My husband ordered the Frutti di Mare.  He was served a nice big bowl of seafood in marinara over linguine.   He was really pleased.  This nice serving of delicious Frutti di Mare was accompanied by a house salad & Italian bread.   I ordered the Chicken Piccata.  Oh, how I love thee Chicken Piccata! My chicken was moist & tender.  The sauce was perfectly balanced with just the right amount of bite from the lemon to it & just the right amount of mushrooms. I had enough food to have leftovers to take home with me. I have been thinking about this Chicken Piccata every since I ate it.  It is the stuff dreams are made of. My friends had the Chicken Alfredo & the Chicken Parmesan.  They were both quite pleased with their choices. They also had enough to take home with them for the next day.  I got a a lot of complements for picking out a great restaurant! Our bill including the bottle of wine came to less than $100! I can not even remember the last time we went to a restaurant & had such a good meal for under $100. II Forno is now our family go to restaurant when we want fabulous Italian food!
Found Il Forno last Friday along with my son while spending our last night in Lakeland. It is by far one of the best Italian restaurants I've eaten at in a long time. It is hard to find a good italian restaurant where you don't spend your paycheck. Service is great and the food is wonderful. My son had alfredo and I had the veal parmagana. The only problem is we just moved my mom back to Atlanta with us and we're out of excuses to visit Lakeland again.
Probably the best Italian in Lakeland and one of the better restaurants overall. There seem to be a few "family" Italian places in Lakeland.  While the others are quite good (Palace Italian and Romeo's come to mind) this one is terrific - tucked away in a shopping area near the Polk Parkway and Florida Ave. I am a believer that the best pizza should come from a pizza parlor. For instance, the pizza at the downtown Palace Pizza is very good.  However, my own opinion is that Lakeland's best pizza is at Il Forno.  Freshly tossed dough, sauce and toppings are sooo good.  Consistently great every time.  Also, the BEST pizza deal in town is their "individual" sized pizza for $5.99 plus $0.75 per topping.  It is so big for the price - somewhere around 10-12 inches (6 big slices).  It's big enough for two if you're on a date and don't want to appear to be overeating; however, it's almost too much for one (I always leave with at least 2 extra slices and I am a pretty big eater). Also, their pastas are terrific.  Notable is any dish that features their alfredo sauce.  This is one of the best alfredos I've ever eaten - anywhere, not just Lakeland.  It is velvety smooth and delicious and rich.  Outstanding. While I do concur with a previous review that the exclusive presence of iceberg lettuce in their salads is perhaps a little disappointing, at least two of  their salad dressings go a long way to make up for this.  Their Italian vinaigrette and their house dressing, a sun-dried tomato vinaigrette (my favorite) are really delicious. Their lasagna and pasta arrabiatta (sp?, a spicy marinara sauce) are also worth the visit. My biggest complaint is a tad personal.  I love spicy hot Italian dishes (both pizza and pasta) and I love it when Italian restaurants make available jalapeno peppers for their entrees.  They really are a yummy hot accompaniment to Italian dishes.  Unfortunately, Il Forno doesn't make jalapenos available at their restaurant.  I've asked nicely a few times, but to no avail so far.  Romeo's in north Lakeland does and they have the best arrabiatta pasta dish. Sorry for the length, but i do love this place.  Enjoy!
Delicious! I've been there three times since my wife and I moved down here in May, and all the food I have gotten is great. Salads, pasta, garlic knots, pizza, you name it! And the prices are reasonable as well. And this pizza is the closest I've found to the "New York style" that I'm used to, and I'm happy with it! 12/25/11 Update: I've been going back to Il Forno for the past six months to get their pizza. It's very reasonably priced and delicious! I usually get the personal size for myself which is just right. But I've gotten regular pies for parties and have gotten compliments on how good it is! Hopefully I have given Il Forno some new customers!
We ate here for our anniversary.  I was expecting someplace a little fancier but the food was pretty decent and the price was right.  I don't think there was anything that was more than 13$.  We had leftovers to take home, so all in all we enjoyed it.   Oh, the service was excellent!
Il forno is in a very convenient spot, it's right next to the freeway. The outside is good looking. When you walk inside you are greeted with strong, Italian smells and a view of the kitchen. The hostess/manager showed to our table and we got a young waiter, all wait staff were men. My greek salad didn't dazzle me but the house dressing was pretty good. The garlic bread was different and impressive. My Gnocchis were well cooked and smooth. The marinara was good. Prices for dinner were very reasonable and the food came out fast. What really came to my attention were the waiters. even though the restaurant was packed, my dad and I's empty dishes only sat in front of us for 30 seconds then were whizzed away. overall decor and ambiance said to me "Bring the kids, the grandkids, your friends" a very casual, good times, chillax place.
Moving to NY from FL we found it very difficult to find fresh made to order Italian. IL Forno fixed that. The food is always delicious!! Love the Veal Picatta, Chicken Picatta and the Clam pie. The portions are a wonderful size and reasonably priced. The servers are always friendly and make excellent small talk. Would highly recommend giving them a try.
Excellent food, good value, you won't be disappointed
Hands down the best family Italian food in town. Great service and low prices! Food quaility is 2nd to none.
Food here is always great and you get plenty!  Garlic knots and Alfredo sauce are a must!
Service was excellent as the other reviews stated.  The garlic bread was great, but overall, I found the food to be just average, chain-type Italian.  Maybe I should have gotten the pizza. That appeared to be what everyone else in there was eating the night I was there.
My husband and I LOVE this place - everything they serve is delicious!  We have taken many of our friends here and Mic is always around to greet us!
I ordered take out from Il Forno a few weeks ago and overall the food was good, but not great.  I got the chicken parm and a side salad.  The chicken parm was a good size portion and came with spaghetti and sauce that was better than I expected.  In general, I agree with another review that it was typical Italian chain-type food, but would say it was slightly better.  I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for reliable Italian cuisine that's reasonably priced and family friendly.
Incredible! We arrived at 1pm for lunch and were greeted quickly and shown to a booth by the window. The smell or garlic was wafting about and Dean Martin was crooning over the sound system - so far , so good!   The antipasti was put together by someone who has been taught that you eat with your eyes first!  Peppers, greens, olives, cold cuts, cheese; all topped with delicious balsamic.  It was huge!  Then came the white clam pie!  I am a pizza snob from NY and this pie was perfect!  The toppings were great - the crust was great and the dough was great!  We each had a cannoli for dessert - crisp shell, rich filling!  All this PLUS friendly and attentive service.  We WILL become regulars!  Can't wait to go back!
Best in Lakeland
My favorite restaurant - I'd pick this over the Olive Garden any day.  Very large selection - plenty of pastas, calzones, pizzas, subs, american foods, luxury dinners.  Their homemade salad dressing is divine; you always get plenty of food compared to pricier Italian places. Love the atmosphere and service is always incredible. On Valentine's Night you get a free dessert to share with your sweetie. The atmosphere is cozy and calming. Really, this place is amazing.
I would have to give a very solid three star review. When we were seated not sure why the first thing I noticed was the fact that some of the blinds were missing, that sort of says to me, lack of caring when it comes to the looks of the interior, couldnt imagine walking into my house and being okay with blinds missing.  We were seated at a both and on of the people I was with had to wipe down her side of the the table, which was fine considering they were slightly busy so some things fall wayside.  We started with an order of 12 garlic knots and the triple salad.  Both were outstanding.  The garlic knots were some of the best I had ever had and the caprese salad again, wonderful.  I was extemely looking forward to the main course after such wonderful appetizers.  Since I make my own pasta and sauce when cooking at home I definately wanted something I could make myself.  We decided on a sicilian pizza.  There is an art to making a sicilian pizza and again possibly because they were busy, I am giving some benefit of doubt where I shouldn't, but the art of making, was not evident.  Usually light and airly, it was heavy and like a big piece of cooked dough and usually the mouthwatering crispy edge that everyone looks forward to and one of the reasons people order sicilian...........was in fact no where in site.  So yes parts of the meal did deserve a high score, the second part, the most important, lacked to disappointment.
