I'm sorry this place is no good,had fried shrimp they were like RUBBER .paid  $38.42 for two orders of shrimp and two glasses of tea.i will never go back.the music is very loud.I hope this helps you.
I love this place!  Finally, Polk County has excellent seafood at a good price.  Creative and casual.  Very friendly and good servers.  Very happy with this restaurant.
Five stars when compared to any other seafood place in Tampa or Orlando. This is not a fine dinning establishment--it's something much more valuable. My wife and I stumbled into this place after trying to get fresh seafood at Bonefish (lesson learned).  First impression is the cleanliness, then the cuts of beautiful fish and meat in the Market case, then the warm embrace of the bar.  I hope they maintain what they've started because it is so simple that it's genius: fresh seafood, ridiculous prices, and knowledgable staff. Tracy served us at the bar and he's the man to see.  He was shucking oysters while chatting us up and serving us drinks. My wife got a champagne and I had a $1.50 PBR draft...perfect seafood accompaniment.  We had a dozen oysters and shrimp cocktail that puts most 5 star chains to shame, for 1/3 of the cost.  We can't wait to come back and try their grouper nuggets or ahi spring rolls.  KEY LIME PIE is fantastic and $2 a slice! Some snowbirds may be a little wary of all the "good ol' boys" that regular here, but these guys are the real deal longshoreman, fisherman, and inner-coastals that make their living bringing Gulf seafood to the country. Be respectful and relax--no pretense here.
Man. Everyone that left 4-5 star reviews need to get their heads examined. You all are partially to blame. I'm so disappointed I cant even find a place to begin; so I'll start from the top. I have a positive thing to say but for the most part I am not happy. First and foremost. I love the shit out of oysters. I brought in a New Year day eating buckets of oysters at an oyster bar when I lived in Orlando. I'm not saying "I had 2 buckets" I had 3 buckets which was well over 50 oysters all to myself. That was a good year. I dont remember squat about the rest of that year, or even what year it was. I remember gorging on sweet raw mollusk the first day of a year and it was good. So when I saw that Lakeland now had an oyster bar, my sights and hunger for these creatures thought of nothing else but sitting at a counter watching someone shuck endless buckets of these things for me to consume. I spoke with my family about checking this place out; and even of my excitement at Lakeland finally getting an oyster bar. This did not happen. Jimmy Belle's Seafood Market & Grill is not, and does not have an oyster bar. It is a bar and they serve oysters. They are so far unrelated to the same ideal that the sign on the front that says "OYSTER BAR" in beautiful capital letters that they are comparing apples to squash. So, with "Well we have a guy in the back the spends all day shucking them!" out of the way; Turns out there was a special going on for all you can eat crab legs. I have to be honest. I walk into a door to an establishment and the last thing I look around for are the specials for the day. I'm not even one of /those/ people that say "What are the specials today?" because really, I've never eaten anywhere where the staff doesnt say what the specials are. Part of this is my fault for not knowing. It's also my parent's fault for not either. What is wrong is: that when we found out the pound of crablegs that we wanted were out(up to the staff to know this); and we asked to speak to the manager about it; is he mentioned they were all you can eat. We'd already gone through the awkward period where the server is waiting for a drink order, and put in our "oyster" order. It's not up to him to say it. It's probably not up to the staff, but isnt that just a little weird? He tried to make it right by letting us try some Chilean snow crab, which wasnt bad, but it wasnt what we'd set our hearts on. I appreciate that effort. Our "oysters" came out. 2 dozen, because there is no bar to get buckets. My parents were fine with them. However, the oysters that were on our plates were not the same plump gems in the photos in the photo section. They were quite small some hardly had any meat. Sure, when those photos were taken; it was probably a really good haul that day; but these werent worth the price. It took a few tries to make sure my father was clear: our cracker basket had crackers in it that were without their wrapper. I've never seen that before. Anywhere. I saw it here. So they were out of crablegs and the oysters werent so hot. The pound of PBR and old bay boiled shrimp and the mac and cheese will even things out. Right? Sit down for a moment. Forget everything going on in the world and imagine for a moment what a pound of shrimp boiled in PBR and old bay looks like to you. It's a pretty good pile there huh? So satisfying. So big. You can almost taste it cant you? Nice try. There's seven. SEVEN. 7. Seven shrimp in this order. "They're Jumbo shrimp!" I BET THEY ARE! They were jumbo; but god damn it. Really? As a human being, if you hear "We'll all share the pound of shrimp" and it's a party of four isnt it an obligation to say "Well, they're jumbo and it's not very many"? Yes. Maybe some of our problems come from our server. I didnt get a refill. My girlfriend didnt get a refill. My mother didnt get a refill. If you read my other reviews, you see how much I appreciate refills. This did not happen. Maybe we should have been more attentive to signs above a freezer pertained to the restaurant for the special. Maybe I should have just looked over at the coke machine and saw what coke products they had when I was given "Coke products" as an answer to "What do you have to drink?" Or maybe our server was just bad. (not to mention that they were WAY overstaffed.) I often wait for my girlfriend to finish her meal and she ordered mac and cheese. She loves mac and cheese. She eats that kraft box garbage like it's the end of the world. She did not finish this mac and cheese. She did not like this mac and cheese. Ultimately, I will not be going back. My family will not be going back. I will not bring it up to people I know in either a positive or a negative manner. It will be yet another place that occupied that building (well over 3 so far?) What a shame. Shame on them for having that OYSTER BAR sign on the front. It got us in the door, and we all left disappointed and hungry.
Perhaps the only thing fresher than this concept is the seafood itself. This is the way fresh seafood was intended to be eaten. Literally from the boat to your plate, it's like eating seafood for the first time. Perhaps my favorite part about this place, besides the food and giant hanging alligator, is the lighting and decor. JB's bright lighting and spotless appearance says "We stand behind our product, come and see." I attended the grand opening, and as with any new place, there were some kinks to be worked out. However, in follow up, the owner acknowledged this and offered an entree on the house to anyone in satisfied with their experience. That's good management folks. I recommend this place highly to those wanting either a quick bite of delicious seafood for lunch or dinner, or a drink with friends after work. I look forward to visiting Jimmy Belle's again very soon! Great job!
Excellent service great food an amazing meal! Will come back again and again! What a find! Finally a great seafood restaurant in Lakeland! Thanks so much keep up the great work!
Great food the grouper is good along with the shrimp po' boy. You could really taste shrimp not a bunch of breading. The only problem it was not enough.
So far so good they brought out a basket of jacked up hush puppies and fish spread and crackers My wife loves the fish spread and the hush puppies are extremely good and have a little kick to them. Okay I ordered fried shrimp and my wife ordered shrimp and grits both were good and she's taking home the macaroni and cheese cause we cant eat anymore I would recommend this for quick bite to eat
I was on a "business" trip in Lakelands, and everyone was like "You gotta try this Jimmy Belle's place. You gotta try this Jimmy Belle's place." I don't know why they said it twice. I heard them the first time. Either way, I knew I had to go. First, I got a bucket of 16 oz PBR's because I have class. They gave me this super bad ass koozie that I wasn't sure if I was allowed to take home with me or not (I ended up taking it). Then I got some oysters and they were sweet and fresh. The empanadas appetizer is way cool, too. There's a dude named Linton behind the bar there. He's the best. Aaaaaanyway, I had to get to that "business" meeting, so I had to split without trying anything else. But, fast forward to the next day. Guess what? I went again. This time, I got raw oysters (phenomenal), hush puppies (great), and blackened red grouper on cheese grits (best ever). I think I got out of there for less than $4. They might have been running a special tho. Prices may vary. Next day, I'm driving around town- trying to figure out what to eat and I'm like "Man, every other restaurant in this town sucks (except Texas Cattle obvi)." Then I remember those crazy good meals I had at Jimmy Belle's the two days prior. So I pull an illegal U turn and screeched and slid into the JB's parking lot. The owner, Harrold, came out to make sure I was OK and then set me up on the deck. He knew I wanted to party, I think. I had like 40 oysters, a ton of fancy beers, ahi tuna, and a grouper sandwich. It was the greatest day of my life. I ate there 3 days in a row because it's the best restaurant in Lakeland.
Delicious!  Crab cakes were the best in town.  Blackened Mahi on grits and hush puppies were great as well as the key lime pie!  The manager was very attentive and notice we were a little slow getting a waitress and gave us complimentary drinks for our wait. I'll definitely be back!
3 stars (which means A-OK, I like em but not sure I'm a 4-star fan yet) - decent place & I think it'll get better. The crab cakes appetizers are tasty though not as good as a real Maryland crab cake (I grew up in MD). I'm looking forward to trying them again soon.
Quick service and good food so far. Hopefully they can capture the stomachs of the locals. Let's keep this one open! I've recommended many people and they all think this one is a keeper!
Excellent service and atmosphere. Food was excellent and well prepared. Just a couple of comments, portions were a bit small for the price. Grouper sandwich $12 and the fish didn't cover the hamburger bun.   Couldn't offer grilled onions or cheese for the Grouper sandwich. Glass of wine 7.50 is a bit steep.
Freshest Seafood in Central Florida!  The owner owns the fishing company that brings the fresh daily catch in each morning.  We had the raw oysters, grilled shrimp salad, calamari, and peel and eat shrimp.  Dee-lish!!
Fresh shrimp, fast service, great place to eat!  The fried shrimp are very fresh, hand breaded, and taste fabulous.  The servers are busy.  However, our food came out to the table within 15 minutes on a busy Friday night.   We will definitely be back.
The seafood is very fresh, but I feel this place would do better as just a fresh seafood market. I would love to have seen the fresh fish on display in the beautiful display cases, but there wasn't any.  The restaurant was clean.  Waitresses were attentive & fairly efficient, but the kitchen was slow.  I can see the "raw bar" effect doing real well with plenty of oyster orders going out to the patrons.   I would say overall it was "OK".... not the best, but far from the worst.
Nathan has created a take home and cook meal that is absolutely outrageously good - his enpopillote.  When you have no time to cook, drop by and have them make one up for you.  You tell them what kind of seafood you want (we had halibut and shrimp), they add the veggies, beans and feta on a bed of spinach, they wrap it in parchment - then you take it home to cook. All we added was a little olive oil, sea salt and capers after it was done...it was the best...Nathan has given us something you will find nowhere else in Polk county.  Two thumbs up, Nathan!!!  You definitely kicked take out up several notches!!!
Great restaurant, the Seafood is delivered fresh everyday. Best blackened Mahi fish tacos I've ever had! Great service, we will be back many times!
really want this place to make it,sheimp was really good,grits were cold and gummy, fried calamari was sitting in a basket of oil and portion size was fine for the price,not a fan of ordering all my food at the counter,esp when my app came out after my entree and had to keep getting up for reflills of tea,tables could be a little more spread out hopeing the best for this restaurant! will be giving them another chance soon
Awesome food and 2 4 1 beers - combo de excellente!  Had the blackened grouper sandwich and it was spot on!  Gotta get the grouper when u visit FLA.  Stone crab claws were there and jumbo peel n eat shrimp in beer went well wit da brews. Service was great too Gotta go if in Lakeland
I was invited by a friend to join for a few drinks and a bite. I was excited since the reviews sounded pretty good and it didn't look too shabby when I've driven by in the past. I was disappointed the second I walked in. The one thing i find tough to recover from is when any restaurant reaks of fish. I realize this is a seafood restaurant, but in all of my cooking and dining experience, I've learned that fresh,  good quality seafood should not smell bad or strong. It was overpowering. I let it go and hoped I was just extra sensitive that day. I ordered the Chirashi bowl (tuna, salmon, carrots and cucumber over rice.) Another person in our party did too, and specifically asked for half the rice when she ordered. I thought this odd, but followed suit as I'm not a huge rice fan to begin with. She said she'd had it before and it was way too much. So we asked for half the amount they normally provide. She was right. It would have been way too much. Half was even a bit overwhelming. But I ate all the rice. Why? Because I couldn't finish the 5 or so pieces of fish and I was still hungry. There wasn't much and what was there was not good. The salmon had an odd flavor I couldn't possibly describe aside from "old." I chose not to send it back since I didn't really want to try anything else. I won't tell people not to try the place out, as I'm open minded enough to hope I just had one off experience. But i also wouldn't recommend it or go back.
Ate at Jimmy's 6/9/14. Or server, Ashley was promptly and courteous. Ashley was knowledgeable and attentive throughout the service. Unlike the server helping the couple sitting next to us. We came in at the same time ans D we were finished with our meal before they ever got theirs. We were offered fish dip and crackers, which was good, but not much for two people. We both had barramundi with grits. One order was fried and one was grilled. Both fish were cooked beautifully. We also ordered their Krunk Fritters which promised to be a jacked up hush puppy. I was expecting some heat or something in the fritter, but to me it was just a good hush puppy. All in all the meal was good and the service better, at least at our table
Had the Lobster Roll, cheese grits and krunk puppies.  So good!   I'm glad we took a chance and went in.  If u want to something different and delish.  This is where to go!  Only negative is they need more parking.  Staff was great and inside was clean.  Will go again to get all u can eat stone crab.  Can't wait!!!
Awesome seafood, very clean. Krump hush puppies perfect every time. Seafood Tacos were excellent the Mahi was cooked to perfection. Will be back,,,,
$100 for party of three, which is fine if the food is good. However, the menu was misleading and the lobster tasted like mud and waste water. I've never experienced anything like it. So the manager comes over to check in and we explained lobster situation. She offered a whopping $10 off and said other people had also complained of the same thing that day. So why keep selling the lobster? Out of everything we had, the crab cakes were the best, being average. Bam bam shrimp appeared to actually be calamari and had a weird aftertaste. One bite of the stuffed sausage appetizer was enough for me. My puppy wouldn't even eat it. Cheese grits are loaded with all kinds of mystery ingredients not mentioned in the menu. Normally I give a place at least two chances to impress me. Not this time. It was just THAT bad.
I have been here several times since they opened,food when they have it available is fresh,taste great and overall a fun place,last night was my first time since they have full liquor so i sat at bar,not really that packed yet waited over 5 mins before we were even asked for the order and then another 5 mins at least to get it,which to me is too long to wait,really need two bartenders or one who knows there way around a bar,btw fish dip is fantastic!!!
Love it here!   Great fresh fish/seafood market as well as indoor dining.  Indoor can get a little loud though.   Great for a quick lunch too!!
The service was slow for there being just a few people in the restaurant. My wife had fried shrimp and they were way over cooked, I ordered a dozen raw oysters and they were so small I would be embarrassed to serve them at that price. All in all the place was clean but I wouldn't return. I was really looking forward to a real Oyster Bar and this is not.
Food was amazing and service was great!! Raw oysters were awesome! AND they serve them as a true oyster bar should...a baker's dozen! Had an amazing shrimp appetizer (Caribbean shrimp) which was the perfect blend of spicy and sweet! Next time I'm in Lakeland I will definitely be back!
Stopped in on our way to a spring training game. Great lunch special basically anything you could want with "freedom" fries or "krunk" puppies and a drink for $9.95. Got a dozen oysters to start out. Not Florida's strongest suit in general but these were a bit gritty and a lot of them were missing their liquor. Good effort but would not recommend. The shells were still muddy, could have been rinsed better. Had the lunchc special blackened fish tacos with fries, excellent. Very attentive wait staff. Offered to split checks right away, awesome!
First visit today and won't be the last.  Ahi tuna eggrolls and blue crab tostadas were amazing. Very good service from super friendly staff.
Wow this is what was needed on the south side of Lakeland. I took the wife and our two year old to lunch on Sunday afternoon and it did not disappoint. We started off with the grouper nuggets and crab cakes for a appetizer both were very good our daughter loved the grouper nuggets. For our meals the wife choose shrimp tacos and fries very tasty but I had the blackened snapper on a bed of the cheese garlic grits and I scrapped the plate clean of those grits. Service was fair, but we will be back.
