Food is always fresh and delicious. Best authentic Mexican in Lakeland! Friendly owners. Great spot!
Phenomenal!  Where have you been all my life The quality is superior and the meat is incredibly tasty. $1 per taco???  Insanity. Go eat here and you won't be disappointed.
They have 5 lunch specials every day:  5 mini tacos, 2 flour tortillas, quesadillas, Mexican hamburger, and burritos.  Each comes with a canned soda for $5.50. The mini tacos (corn) are made fresh to order in your choice of meat: chicken, pork, seasoned pork or beef topped with onions, cilantro, lime and salsa verde.  Super tasty!  The mild salsa is green with a slight hint of heat.  They also have a hot version (red) if you ask for it.  If you don't want any sauce, you can just decline when they offer it.  For drinks they have Coke and Sprite in a can, bottled water, Mexican Coke in bottles, and Jarritos which are Mexican fruit flavored drinks in bottles. Note about parking, the truck is parked in front of a used car lot and next to an ice dispensing kiosk.  Park in the small lot next to the ice machine, walk up to the truck and order.  There's only 1 table in front, so plan on taking it back or eat in front of the truck where you have some shade.   Love eating here especially when the weather is nice.  The only downside is that 5 tacos aren't usually enough to fill me up so big eaters be aware. Cash only.
$1 TACO'S and they are amazing! You can find it on US 98 just south of Edgewood and north of Combee. Anything you get will be great, but if you get 5 tacos you can sample the different taco options! My favorite is the Carne Asada Taco, but you can choose your own. Closed on Sunday's. Cash Only.
Seriously some of the best tacos I've ever had.  Fresh ingredients, cooked to order, and fast service.  The smell alone has you pulling over off of US 98.  Authentic Mexican, simple and delicious.  They have roasted pork, spiced pork, steak, and chicken...all cooked to order in tacos, soft tacos, quesadillas, "hamburger," or a burrito.  Everything comes with onions, tomatoes, cilantro, and salsa verde with tiny extras of cheese and sour cream that are available.  I seriously wanted to go back and get a re-do of my order as soon as I finisehd the last bite. No seats.  No frills.  No fuss.  Just quick, easy, delicious food, some drinks to go and a "thank you come again."
Finally I found some real Mexican food in this town! So good and reminds me of home (California). I instantly became a regular customer. These tacos are well worth the stop! And btw they now accept credit cards
One of the best and most deliciously authentic mexican places in town. I cannot recommend this place enough!
This eatery is a taco truck on the south roadside between Edgewood and Combee with a big sign saying "Taco $1.00", run by a guy named Jesus.  It has been health-inspected. No seats, eat in your car or standing beside the truck.  No tables.  Order and food comes quickly. The food is authentic Mexican, if you have ever sat in a taqueria in a small town in Mexico, this is how it comes.  They have tiny soft corn shell tacos for a buck--pork, chicken, or beef with onions and cilantro only.  They make a dynamite hot sauce--not too hot, no forever sting, but a great food enhancer.  I liked their spicey pork over their grilled pork but it depends on your own need for heat.  Their flour tortilla tacos are $2.25.  They run $5 lunch specials from 11 to 2.   They provide small limes to squeeze on the dish and bring out the flavor.  They have a cooler full of bottled Mexican drinks or canned Pepsi products.  (Coke in Mexican half liter--and slightly different flavor.) They're doing a steady business, so the secret is out.  10 to 8 pm (No Sundays).  Muchas gracias, Jesus!
These were the smallest authentic tacos I've ever had (2 bites), but with that said, they did taste pretty good. Liked the small "key" limes that are served with the tacos. The guy serving the food was very friendly, and helpful. Tacos are now $1.25, and there are no lunch specials anymore.
Super great food... I would say the best Mexican food in the Lakeland area. It's also quite cheap. Comes up really fast and always a good meal. I would recommend the 6 taco deal and just mix it up with different flavors (Pork, Chicken, Carne Asada). Comes with really delicious sauces and makes a killer lunch.
