We found out about this place on Yelp and the reviews were right! What a great find! If you're like me, you'll see the outside and get a bit weary, but don't let the exterior strip mall look fool you. The inside is nice and comfy. Since we found them, we've been back within a couple of weeks and taken my parents, who also really liked it! We had the chance to talk with one of the owners and it was nice to hear how much he enjoys running a family restaurant. The food is amazing! You can tell that it's pretty much homemade! The waitress we had last time left a bit to be desired, but our first waitress was super friendly and helpful and nice. I've now ordered the grouper special and a pasta dish and they were both fantastic! My boyfriend says he can't go wrong with the chicken parm and my dad LOVED the lasagna!
I would say hands down the best restaurant in Lakeland. The wife and I had some free time away from the kids on Saturday night. We were up town walking around Lake Mirror and decided to grab a bite all the usual places had a long wait time so I called over to Scarpa's and they were filled up but were happy to let me know they would have a table available in about 20 minutes. We were greeted and seated in a couple of minute's. We started off with stuffed portobello mushroom with a brown gravy it was a very good. For our main's the had the shrimp scampi over noodles and I ordered from the specials of the nite which was blackend Wahoo and fettuccine alfredo and vegetables.
At the recommendation of a friend, my boyfriend and I tried out Scarpa's Friday night. When we pulled out, we were a bit skeptical...located in a tiny strip mall, it looked tiny from the outside. We walked in the door, and within a minute we were greeted and sat with no reservations. The first thing I noticed was the decor: simplistic with a touch of rustic. Grey walls, minimal stuff on the walls, dimly lit, white table clothes and cushy looking white chairs. Our server greeted us with bread and olive oil dip while telling us about their specials. We ordered a bottle of white wine, and browsed over the menu. I wasn't terribly hungry, so we skipped appetizers. My boyfriend got a Caesar salad, which looked fresh and delicious. For my main course, I got chicken francese, which was amazing!  It came with rice pilaf and veggie, both were flavorful. He got veal Marsala, which just melted in the mouth. It also came with rice pilaf and veggies. For dessert, we shared creme brûlée, which was so tasty! Overall, we had an amazing date. The ambiance is perfect for a date night, even though the tables are close together. The chairs are comfortable, the servers are super friendly and helpful, and the food was perfection. I will definitely go back next time that I'm in Lakeland! I highly recommend Scarpa's for anyone in Lakeland who is looking for a delicious Italian foodie experience.
So glad I came here for dinner!!! This restaurant has had a very interesting history.  It's been an Lakeland favorite for years but unfortunately gone throughout it's ups and downs.  It's recently made it's way beck into the original owners, but this time run by the son of the guy who first opened it as "Mario's." First of all, LOVE the interior revamping they gave the place.  It is a very classical and conservative and definitely a great example of 'less is more.' I love that the restaurant is now simply one large room.  Also... sort of wanted to steal the chairs. Modern, beautiful, and comfortable. WIN.   The wine list was really affordable! I actually ordered a bottle for my brother and I to share and it didn't cost us more than our dinners combined. Shocking! For dinner my brother got the Fettucine Alfredo with bits of prosciutto. The prosciutto was more of an accent to the pasta which i found was perfect because it is such a strong cured meat and Alfredo sauce is pretty heavy all on it's own.  He loved every bit of it. Actually only let himself eat half just so he could enjoy the rest for lunch the next day. I had the Penne Pollo which was a more olive oil based pasta with small chunks of tomato AND sun dried tomatoes (my favorite), and I believe, strips of grilled chicken. It was delicious, really, and I ended up taking part of my dinner home as well! Our friend ordered the stuffed shells with sauce and meatballs; I'm pretty sure he had finished his dish before my brother and I had even gotten to our halfway point. It was that good! I know because I speared myself a bite. Sharing is caring, people. Sharing is caring. Dessert? Of course I ordered dessert! We ordered the Tiramisù and their creme bruleè. The tiramisù was just the right amount of mascarpone, just lovely. The creme brûlée.... now I've had this problem with SEVERAL restaurants between lakeland and Jacksonville... are these chef's aware of WHAT creme brûlée is? it.is.a.custard.NOT A GOOEY PUDDING MESS. No matter! We politely sent it back and one of the owners,Ashley, came and visited the table. SHE WAS SO SWEET!!! In fact she brought us some of their Raspberry Delight, on the house, and is was DELIGHTFUL! GO HERE LAKELANDERS! GO HERE PEOPLE VISITING LAKELAND! You won't be disappointed with the food OR the service! I can't wait to go back on my next visit home!
My faith has been restored Lakeland.  This is a great sort of upscale restaurant, that is very appropriately priced (dare I say cheap).  Good quality ingredients that are cooked well, the chef clearly knows what he is doing.   Excellent fish, the grouper was perfect.  Light and meaty, it had a perfect taste with a real substance to it.   I'd recommend reservations as I ate here on a Monday night, and every table was full.
Enjoyed a fantastic meal on Saturday night. The lasagna with meatballs was scrumptious and generously portioned. Although the restaurant was at capacity, the service was impeccable. Our waitress made an excellent suggestion for wine and Ashley Scarpa took the time to visit and ask about our experience. This is the old Mario's and we couldn't be happier! We will be back soon.
My new favorite place for Italian. From the service to the the food, just fabulous! I will be coming back in the near future!
This is the best dining and Italian food in Lakeland. I'd travel 100 miles to eat here. Order the bruschetta and the lasagna. You can thank me later.
Might have good food -- wouldn't know though since we sat 20 minutes while they seated people arriving later and basically ignored us.
The Scarpa family tradition is back. Glenn has learned well from his father, the original Mario, building on a four decade tradition in Polk county.  My new favorite place in the world.  The wait staff is beyond compare, the food always fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere is intimate even tho it's a very small place. Very comfortable seating. The great white Moose on the wall is very unique Make your reservations and be ready to spend some time, and well worth it. Great wine selection, atmosphere, and friendly staff. By the way did I say the food is amazing!  Fine Italian of a classier, dressier, more expensive nature than some of the other local Italian restaurants.  Nice romantic ambiance. Fresh cooked selections,  not a bad food item on the menu.  Allow time for cooking to your personal requests.
It's back....what an amazing evening. We had such a great time, it's almost as if the doors reopened to the way the restaurant was the day it closed years ago only improved. The waiter Joey was on point and knowledgeable with the impressive wine list. He explained the nightly specials as if he had written them himself, unfortunately I found myself tuning out because I was so focused on eating my favorite dish that I have not had in 7 years the Penne and sausage (pasta Siciliano). My tastebuds were extremely happy when the dish was prepared exactly the way I remembered it by Chris a long time employee of the Mario's regime. If you've never been you will not be disappointed. Thank you Glenn and Ashley for getting it right.
Great food and wine list. Chicken parm is outstanding. Eggplant rollatini and stuffed mushroom were spot on. Glad Lakeland has an excellent Italian restaurant again. Will be visiting frequently.
We took two new friends who just moved to Lakeland to Scarpa's to show off that there was great dining available. We had been there twice before and completely enjoyed the food and atmosphere. This Tuesday night was jammed and they appeared to be short a server. Long story short the food took a long time to be served and some of the meals were confused and two meals had to be re-prepared. However the food was excellent and we were enjoying talking with our friends so the missteps were not catastrophic. One person in our party left a note saying she was disappointed with the service. By the time she got home that evening, Ashley had sent an email apologizing for the problems and wanting to make right the situation. She even  followed up with a phone call the next day and then sent gift certificates to everyone in the party to make amends.  How is that for a class act? This is a new and very exceptional restaurant that everyone should try. However they are still working out some kinks so be understanding if there are glitches. Who would think a Tuesday night would be so crazy in Lakeland but that shows how popular Scarpa's has become. We'll definitely be back again! Thanks Ashley for being so gracious!
Wow!  How have I not found this place before tonight?!?  I drive down Edgewood everyday and honestly never gave Scarpa's a second glance. What a mistake!  Tonight my husband and I were in the mood for Italian and so I opened my trusty Yelp app and ran across Scarpa's. After reading the reviews we thought it would be worth a try. SO glad we did!  We were greeted immediately and sat within less than a minute (lucky I think, because our waitress said tonight was the only night this week they hadn't been packed). The dining room is lovely, with perfect ambiance. As other reviewers have said it is a study in 'less is more'. The waitress, who was very friendly (but not in an obtrusive way) brought us ice water and a dish of olive oil and herbs, with a small loaf of Italian bread following shortly behind. The bread was outstanding, just the right amount of a crispy crust with a velvety soft middle. The oil and herbs was okay (the only thing I could 'complain' about if I had any complaints-which I don't. There was just a little too much oil and it drowned out the taste of the herbs. But the bread was perfect without it, so really, no complaints.) We ordered wine, I had Meiomi Pinot Noir from CA, my hands-down favorite wine. I was really excited to see it on the menu!  My husband had his favorite Pinot Grigio, so the wine menu was a hit for us. Next we ordered the mussels. Hubby likes mussels. I like the sauce. He said the mussels were perfect. I say the sauce was to die for. It was a cream based sauce that honestly I could have eaten like soup (although I usually do not care for anything with seafood in it). We were off to a really good start and so we had  high hopes for the main course, we were not disappointed!  Hubby had the veal Marsala, with red potatoes and fresh broccoli. I had a bite of the veal and was almost jealous that I hadn't ordered it too! The Marsala sauce was so good, the reduction was done right and with care. Marsala that is rushed is always too sweet, this was obviously not rushed.  I also tasted the broccoli. I know it might seem strange to rave about broccoli, but hear me out...If you are at all a fan of broccoli you'll know it's really difficult to cook properly, it either ends up being hot, raw broccoli, or mush!  I don't know how, but the chef at Scarpa's has apparently found the secret!  The broccoli was perfect!  I've never before had perfect broccoli - I've never made perfect broccoli - but I can tell you when you've had it, you'll know it was perfect. I had the penne and sausage. What can I say?  It was so fresh. The sausage, tomatoes, onions, cappers, and herbs all blended together to make an amazing, fragrant, flavorful dish. The pasta was dried (not homemade, I think), but it was cooked al dente and was nice all the same. Hubby cleaned his plate, I ate half of mine-only because there was tiramisu on the menu and there was no way I was leaving without trying it. So, my husband ordered one of his favorite deserts, the creme brûlée and I ordered the tiramisu. We made a deal to let each other have one bite of the other's desert...it was tough giving up a bite, but worth it to taste the creme brûlée!  Another reviewer stated that when they had it, it was not the right consistency. I honestly believe they must have gotten an 'off' batch, because what he had was a sweet, velvet, custard with a perfectly caramelized, hard sugar topping. My tiramisu lived up to its name (it stands for 'pick me up'). It was a wonderful balance of soaked lady fingers (not the disgusting sponge cake-like stuff you find at some restaurants), lightly sweetened mascarpone, and dusted with cocoa powder. It was then topped with a light whipped cream, which was nice, and I'm sure was added for looks, but was wholly unnecessary in my opinion, as the desert was perfect without the additional adornment. If my review hasn't come across as 'raving' about Scarpa's the you haven't read this whole review!  This is my new favorite restaurant and I will go back again and again!!
A great night out, fantastic food, wonderful service.  There is a reason so many people feel at home here, even when it's their first time.
