I looked for a good pizza place on yelp & we found Red Elephant with good reviews. So, we thought to give it a try. This is a great place. We have 2 young girls who are picky eaters. They wanted a simple cheese pizza. They loved it. We got the salmon with the Mediterranean toppings & veg. We've eaten salmon all over the USA, including Seattle, Wa and this was a large piece of salmon, fresh & well seasoned. It was a big surprise for a "pizza place". The veg side was very fresh & not over cooked. The service & manager were very nice. We're from Michigan. Unfortunately, we won't be able to come back but if we're back in this area we will for sure stop by!
Found this place when I was looking for a place to meet up with a large group of friends. The Yelp reviews convinced me to give it a try, and I have to say, Red Elephant did not disappoint. Per the recommendation of several other reviewers, we tried the boiled peanuts first and did not particularly care for them (probably just a personal preference thing)-- but the server promptly allowed us to replace them with the cheesy garlic bread. Delicious. The pizza was also wonderful, the drinks never stopped flowing. Brittany, our server, was attentive, pleasant, and the whole staff was very welcoming. Everyone agreed that we will gladly go back for another visit.
Bang for buck some of the best food around.  Best wings in town.  And the fries are sinful.  I love the ranch dressing here.  Great value everyday place. Ohh and good drink prices!!
Four years since my first review and experience, time for a second try.  LOL.  My experience was only "average" hence the 3 stars.  I probably should've stayed with the pizza that I raved about the first go 'round, but several friends mentioned how great their sandwiches were. My experience started on a sour note--being sat at a dirty table followed by a waitress who didn't notice the crumbs and wet spots.  ick.  She also didn't notice the sex of people in our party, calling a "ma'am" a "sir" and continuing not to notice her mistake.  The place was not crowded and there were cleaner tables but I hated to make a scene by moving.  I flagged a water girl who washed it carefully and quicky. The lunch specials were $8 and included your drink.  I wanted water so this wasn't my best deal.  I went with soup and half a sandwich.  The roasted tomato soup was tasty, creamy and chunky, thick as a gaspacho but I was surprised for being called only "tomato" that it had chunks of black olives and onions creating the chunky texture.  I would order it again but people with allergies might ask for a contents list.  I ordered a half sandwich called "west coast" which was a hot Italian with pepperoncini.  It was "meh", hot but flavorless and a little too "wet" for me.  It was a decent meal for a good price ($7.50 including tax).  Waitress was attentive after her initial faux pas. I will go back for a best 2 out of 3.  Their menu is creative.  They have a separate gluten-free menu for those abstaining.  Very considerate!
We recently moved to Lakeland from the Mid-Atlantic and have been trying out new places. We decided to try out The Red Elephant as we had driven by it a few times. The service was friendly and the food was very good. I started with the house salad with a Tomato Sauce. It was very tasty. We moved on to the Large pizza with olives, spinach and artichokes. It was delicious. The manager Ben Krause heard it was our first time there and can up to introduce himself and seemed genuinely interested in how our experience was. He gave us a coupon for a free app on our next visit. As we were leaving, the GM Deb Johnson chatted us up for a while as well. Truly a great customer service experience and a great place to take a family. We will be back!
I decided to give this place a try & fell in love.  I had the mahi sandwich and it was perfect then recently ordered the wedge salad which was also great. The service is always excellent. Looking forward to my next meal here.
I must admit, the place didn't inspire much confidence from the street. The very corporate-chain architecture conjured up images of Yet Another Corporate Pizza Barn, and the sign and logo had a certain geometric rigidity that left me worried I'd be in for a fairly disappointing, prepackaged, sanitized, shrinkwrapped, and completely big-chain experience. A glance around the polished, gleaming interior and its aura of cultivated, even contrived, cheer left me deeply concerned that I'd just set foot into one more Chili's or TGI Fridays would-be competitor. Was I ever wrong. This place is wonderful. The high-energy, bombastic, relentless cheer of the Red Elephant isn't contrived, it's just soaring and infectious. Genuine? Well, that's a very tricky word to apply to any business solicitation, friends, but I can substitute "sincere" without a moment's hesitation. These folks go out of their way to make guests feel welcome and appreciated, and the enormous smiles and relentlessly cheerful atmosphere may be cultivated, certainly, but while this sort of cheer comes off as phony elsewhere, here, it just feels like part of the culture. You want quiet and sleepy nibbles? Go elsewhere. You're gonna get greeted, regreeted, checked upon, double-checked, your drinks are going to stay full and the manager and maitre'd (a handsome young bespectacled gent, the times I've visited) will be by at least once each to check on you. Some people don't like that kind of treatment all the time, and that's fine. There are plenty of other spots to visit on nights you want to be forgotten for a while. Given the number of places that try to achieve this onslaught-of-goodwill ambiance and come off as plastic, creepy and insincere, it's nice to enjoy the real deal now and then. Just be aware of the atmosphere on arrival, and be in a state of mind to embrace it. You'll be glad you did, and those smiles and warmth are delightfully infectious. The food? Oh, it's interesting, all right. It has a certain unpretentious cleanness and surprisingly naked quality, and that's the other big thing that keeps my wife and I coming back. The flavors are simple, and exactly as described. In a world full of overly-tarted-up savory tastebombs dripping with MSG and full of belligerent complexity designed to mask weaknesses, cut costs, and generate a strong first impression, I really get the sense that Red Elephant's banking on simplicity and integrity of the core ingredients to sell themselves. This was a wise choice. The food is quite memorable. The pizzas are a must-try, with their gloriously rough-and-ready thin crusts. The firm, rolled outer edges provide adequate grip surface, but the thin, soft, gluteny foundation does not hold firm under weight; take care in lifting a slice without support, or use a fork and knife. The crust's sourdough notes really offset the cheese and toppings well, and the familiar whole-milk-and-salt bite of fresh, quality mozzarella isn't missed here. The pepperoni is thin and only lightly cooked to stay pliable, and the crumbly sausage is a welcome change from the overprocessed slabs or balls that adorn most commercial pizzas. There's a chicken pesto pizza on the menu that's a surprise masterpiece, too -- sliced tomatoes on top provide the "pizza" flavor notes that are absent with the substitution of pesto for the sauce, and the chicken itself is simple, fresh and clean, chunks of white meat that tear against your teeth without the oily slushy splat that sadly has become the norm for commercial chicken. Mind you, the pizzas (at least, the large ones -- I've never ordered I blinked at this at first, until I realized how nicely it accommodates appetites of varying sizes. There are sandwiches, thick and overstuffed, and there's a grill section with a simple choose-your-meat-choose-your-sauce matchup. It's clear that Red Elephant's core stock-in-trade isn't its grill, but rest assured, their more carnivorous offerings are still a pleasant enough meal's fare for those who choose it. The two appetizers that stood out in my mind were the pita and hummus platter and the cheese fries. The latter were lighter than expected, the fries tasting of air-cooked cleanness and its characteristic brittle snap to the outermost edge, and the former were rich and satisfying, a favorite for sharing. Save room for an elephant ear or a float for dessert. Both are lovely. The Red Elephant is a delight, and a rare presence in its spectrum of dining -- it's the sort of restaurant every chain casual dining venue imagines itself to be, quirky and unique and proof that good attitude and good food can make a place stand out among hundreds of others. The difference, however, is that they deliver on that promise. Get into the right state of mind, prepare for big smiles and high spirits, and you'll soon be right there in the upper mood atmosphere with them.
First Pizza that wasn't soiled in grease... Great atmosphere perfect for family or sports fans... $3 Margarita's!!! Overall excellent selection of food and prices were reasonable, customer service always excellent going above and beyond to make your experience outstanding...
Excellent food. We had the Reuben and Mediterranean wrap. Delicious!  $2 margaritas were average but for 2/2 they were a hit!  Fast service. Fair prices. Comfortable dining room. We will be back and will recommend this place to all our friends.
What an awesome place!!!  I have been eyeballing this establishment since I arrived in Florida back in October. I asked a few people who have been to the place in the past how they liked the food, and their response was it was OK.... So, now my curiosity was peaking at this point, i had to try it out.... I went there the day before my wedding with my sister and mother in law, which was a Saturday night. The place was overly packed or anything, but it had a charming atmosphere. We were greeted by our server, Josh, who asked if if was our first time there. I said it was my first time and he promptly brought back a sample of the boiled peanuts ( which i heard is quite popularly down south), tomato soup, and the corn chowder, all were very tasty, and also was a nice surprise to get this sampler!!! Loved it !! The food we ordered arrived in a prompt fashion and was very yummy.... I ordered the calzone, and it was best one I have had in ages!!! Everyone else said their food was delicious as well. At the end of our meal, Josh surprised us again with giving us a sample of a dessert called the " elephant ear" ( to me,  it tasted like a funnel cake)  Once again, awesomeness!!!! To end our amazing experience, We spoke to the manager about the great service we got from Josh. She thanked us for coming in and gave me A card for a free appetizer for the next time we stop in. ( three bonuses in one night, what a lucky girl I felt like!!!) What great customer service you don't really find in too many places nowadays. I highly recommend going to this restaurant, you will not be disappointed. I cant wait to have my husband take me here.... ( again)
I was looking up good restaurants on here and this place was at the top of the list so my grandpa and I came here and I absolutely loved it, we ordered a large elephant classic pizza thinking we'd have a few pieces left but no we ate the whole thing lol the crust was nice and crispy it wasn't greasy as the usual pizza is, coming from a picky pizza eater like me who won't take Pizza Hut or dominos for a decent meal it was great. The waitress was sweet and always made sure I had water at all times. The bathroom was also fabulous you can tell they really care for you here.
Only the second time I've been here. Last time was great. Good pizza, but this time I got the Red steakhouse salad. Don't do that. The meat (which was supposed to be steak) was still ice cold. I only ate a few bites and was done. I will try the place again though. One bad, and one good experience needs a tie breaker.
Loved the cheese fries. Our favorite pizza is the Shipwreck. The atmosphere is a family friendly with health options.
Great place for lunch or a fast sit-down dinner. Had the BLT w/French Onion Soup and it was both very good.  Service was friendly and quick.  The floor manager checked in on us twice to make sure we were happy with everything.  Make sure you get the boiled peanuts for a starter.  The restaurant was very clean and modern.  Can't wait to go back!
Used to be an old stand by for my family. Not so after our last two visits. The service has just not been up to par lately. About two months ago we went and were promptly seated. We ended up leaving about 25 minutes later when we were still waiting on a high chair for my toddler (we walked past the unused stack on the way to our table) and had not even given drink orders yet. We just went back again this evening. Service was only marginally better. We received our pizza very quickly. The pizza was awesome by the way. The only problem was that we didn't get plates right away!!  Apparently they were out of clean plates and needed to run them through the dishwasher. This is NOT the way to run a restaurant!  We then received two adult plates while we waited for them to wash the kid plates.  I was shocked that a full service restaurant would bring out entrees without plates!!  Once we finished, we had to wait for our server to finish socializing with another table (it was a pretty long conversation they were having). We ended getting our to go box and check from another serve that happened to walk by. I'm not giving up on red elephant yet since their food is really good and I know the owner has been struggling to get decent wait staff.  Hopefully this has just been temporary. We will be going back, just in the next couple months.
My wife and I went here for the first time last week, and we moved it! The pizza isn't New York-style (which we are hunting for, being from New Jersey and all), but we still devoured it! The salads were fresh, and we loved the chicken quesadillas. We will be back for sure!
Great food and great service! I was kinda blown out of the water. The seared tuna oriental salad was great! and our server Brittany was efficient and very welcoming. The manager invited us back and gave us a coupon for a free app next time. Its my new favorite in town! Highly recommended from us! They are very vegetarian friendly.
Was AMAZING. When we told our waitress that it was our first time here, she brought us a little sample plate of boiled peanuts and two types of soup. We loved the soup, but weren't crazy about the texture of the peanuts. I had a personal pizza, which is thin crust, so I didn't think I would like it, but it was the perfect balance of sauce. My husband had the classic burger and he loved it. The fries that came with it were great too! At this point I was thinking 4 stars, but then our waitress brought us a FREE elephant ear (think awesome funnel cake)! One bite and The Red Elephant will definitely become one of our favorite places!
Food is like eating plastic, its quality seemingly below that of most fast food places.  The service isn't much better.
It's a weekly ritual to eat at Red Elephant.  The pizza is the best around and the Greek salad is quite tasty.  Always friendly and fast service.
This place is hit and miss.  The pizza is pretty good but costly.  Service is generally slow if they get a little busy.
I went to the Red Elefant right after they opened. It was summertime and we went in for lunch. The atmosphere is nice for lunch, or casual dinner. The minute we walked in, I wanted to run out again. It was so cold in there, it wasn't funny. I know that here in Florida and especially in summertime, restaurants and stores tend to be pretty cold, but this was ridiculous. When I asked the waitress if she could do anything about that, she told us she would try. We stayed, because I really wanted to try the food. We started with a hummus dip, which I loved. Although my husband is not much of a hummus guy, he did like it too. My husband had an individual pizza self built with lots of meat, and I had the Annella's Chicken Salad Wrap. The wrap was very flavorful. Overall the food was great, it was just so darn cold, that we had to flee the scene quickly after lunch. We haven't been back since, but I will return to see if they fixed this problem.
Great flatbread and delicious starters. The red elephant is almost like a dressed up bar, serving burgers and wings but also sushi grade tuna. I usually try to eat here a couple times a month.
We went to the Red Elephant on Saturday night. We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. Once we were seated, the waiter promptly greeted us and took our drink order. When we were unsure of one of the flavors of draft beer, he offered to bring us a sample of it. The menu consisted of appetizer items, grill items, pizza, salads and sandwiches. For starters, I ordered the boiled peanuts. I have never had boiled peanuts before, but I am sure these were very good in comparison to others. For my entree, I ordered the Tuscan Roast Beef Dip and a side of saffron rice. The sandwich was outstanding! It came on ciabatta bread and was very tender and juicy. The saffron rice was wonderful. I really wanted to go back the next day to order the sandwich again. The other people in my party ordered a pepperoni pizza and salads. The pizza crust is very thin, crispy, flaky and buttery. The pepperoni was crispy and delicious. The service was great. Our waiter made sure our drinks were full and checked on us a couple of times during the meal. This is a casual, family friendly restaurant. I would highly recommend the Red Elephant!
Great spot for some good food and great happy hour for beer. This is our typical group spot when going out. I believe we have eaten at Red three times in one week before. They have good thin crust pizza's, excellent salads and much more available. Don't fall for the boiled peanuts, they are a small order and the price is too high. I am not a fan of the elephant ears either. The pita chips are really great as an appetizer because they don't fill you up and 4-6 can share the order.
We absolutely love this place! Have tried everything from pizzas to burgers, sandwiches, grilled fish, etc and have never been disappointed. Personal favorites include the shipwreck pizza and the ahi salad. Great for kids but surprisingly great for dinner without the kids too, they somewhat keep the two worlds from colliding. Wait staff is always friendly and attentive.  All in all one of our favorite places to go.
Had a steak because idk I like steaks, but don't get the steak here.  This place has a lot of energy but with the kids game room and the big table for large groups, but the food is ok.  Nothing stands out on the menu, the typical chicken fingers, burgers, and fries.  I don't think I'll go back anytime soon.
Love the Cheesy Bread and the service! Great night on the town.
The thin crust pizzas are the best here.  Love the service and atmosphere -- perfect for casual dining.  I'll be coming back here real soon.
Great restaurant! The food was good and the staff very friendly. Must try the loaded fries and an Elephant ear!
I love pizza and have a true passion for the food. I Believe that the Red Elephant's pizza is probably the worst pizza in Lakeland, Fl. The toppings they use are not fresh and the sausage that we had looked like cat droppings on our pizza. The crust tasted like card board and for the price, CI CI's pizza would be so much better.
