Those bus drivers are the best I seen, the day pass is really worth it, and made my stay in Albany enjoyable. Outside the city other than busplus service get reduced but the demand warrant that frequancy, so overall 5 stars
10 years ago I got rid of my car. Not because I had to, but because the expense and time involved in car ownership was something I found obnoxious.  Way more obnoxious than walking and riding buses.  Since I still haven't replaced my car, I guess that was true. People expect a lot from Albany's public transportation, especially those who don't use it regularly.  While I take buses multiple times a week, the loudest complaints I hear are from those who take the bus maybe once a year, if that.   For an area the size of Albany, CDTA is more than enough.  For an area the size of the entire Capital District, it is only adequate  That said, CDTA has tried very hard over the past decade to make good improvements.  Many of these have been excellent, like expanded routes, shuttles, bike racks, hybrid buses...  A few have sucked, like getting rid of transfers and increasing the cost of rides, but those were necessary financial decisions.  The only real complaint I have is when they recently decreased service to several areas and merged other routes, effectively making some areas of Albany all but inaccessible to me on weekends. Overall, I think that CDTA does a mostly good job.  They run mostly on time and the majority of their drivers are inoffensive, if not friendly and/or polite.  They do exactly what they promise - transport large numbers of people over distances too far to walk.  That said, how much can you complain or extol when it comes to the only available option in the area?
I'm a lover of public transportation. Subways, busses, trains, all shuffling people about on a schedule - it's really such an awesome concept. The concept of the CDTA is probably better than its execution. Some lines run more efficiently than others. Their website always seems a step or two behind being useful. I like to use Google Maps to plan a trip using a CDTA bus because they're more accurate than what the CDTA's website says. And ignore Google with trip times. It's going to take forever and a day. There are so many little stops along the way - one every few blocks. It seems like the bus barely gets over 20 mph some times. Just as an example, it takes me close to 1 hour to get from North Albany/Crossgates Mall area to downtown Albany on the same bus with no transfers. It takes about 15 minutes if I drive the same route. Basically, triple your drive time to get a bit of an estimate. Rides are $1.50 each way (no transfers), or $4 for a day pass. Grocery stores and the CDTA sell other bunches of fares (10-fare passes, monthly passes, etc). If you put in more money than you need, you don't get it back, but it prints out as a balance on your card, so you don't lose it at least. Still, despite its slowness, I like taking the CDTA busses. On days I don't feel like driving, it's nice to know that it'll take me a while to get where I want to go, but I can still get there. There are lines in Albany, Schenectady, and Troy, and you can get from one city to the other fairly easily as long as you've got time on your side.
I had a mind to go to the mall in Wilton. I also wanted to go the YMCA in Saratoga but new I didn't have enough daylight for both. Since Wilton is not as healthy for the soul as the YMCA is I made my decision and took of by bike (trying to use less fuel these days) and worked out. Leaving the YMCA, I noticed a bus saying WILTON on it. Throwing caution to the wind and with a spirit of adventure I boarded. The young man that was driving (a huge black fellow that was incredibly polite) showed my the ins and outs of putting a bike on the bus. Your adventurous author pulled out some cash to feed the machine (I was shocked to find out it only costs $1!) and sat down. Yes there were some painted passengers (tattoos), and even some people who didn't look exactly like me. None of them paid me the least bit of attention. In all it was the most pleasant and relaxing bus ride of my life. Yes I was enjoying the stimulating effects of doing something out of the ordinary, but it was real easy to get to the Wilton mall. Your author is a man who likes a bit of change. I accept the high gas prices as a necessary part of the plan to get me and my fellow countrymen the fuck away from using oil. The higher the gas prices go the happier I am because I know that it will make people drive less, and think about alternatives. I've been riding my bike more than ever and I feel  great. I ride to the grocery store and I have cut out junk food because I can only afford food that I need to live, and Im on my bike and don't want to carry it back. I'm driving less and slower in an attempt to save money but Im also using less fuel than before and thats a good thing. Please beloved reader know that my mind is with you if it's a financial hardship for your family, but consider how good a life without some of this extra shit can be. Whats really important is our family and friends, this change in the economy and fuel prices could be a signal to make life better.
