We were in Lakeland for a few days visiting family, and were looking for a local spot with fresh, delicious food. Cafe Zuppina definitely for the bill!! We LOVED this place. We got there just as it opened and we lucky to get a table ... The place was packed within 30 min. My husband and son ordered the chicken kabobs, I ordered the lamb kabobs. Both were really good, and we loved that each dish had several different foods too - hummus, grilled Brussel sprouts, this yummy carrot salad ...drooling now. The place itself was cute too! Each table had basil or parsley plants as a centerpiece. One wall had a huge, cool mural and the walls had colorful decorations that made it feel homey, aka more like grandma's house than a restaurant. You can buy organic pickles veggies too! And finally, the bathrooms wee every clean. Kind of a big deal. Loved it and will make it a regular stop during our Lakeland trips!!!
This is a tiny restaurant in Lakeland, fl but it is by far the best restaurant in Lakeland. Everything is made from scratch each day and you know this because each day has a special meal. Portions are large and delicious. The owners are there everyday and take complete pride in their food. My favorite is the chicken zuppina with vegetables rice and coleslaw. Ask for a side of pita bread and hummus as well, yum.
Quaint and delicious. The moussaka was wonderful and it came with several sides, each with its own flavor. I'll definitely be back for more!
All I can say is: WOW. Cute little mom and pop place. The food was delicious. Bf and I cleaned our plates. Not a scrap left aside from the bones from my lamb chops. The owner served us (I think) and she was very nice. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because of the "sharing fee". I think I understand why they do this since they're a smaller restaurant. They wouldn't make money off patrons that come in and order 1 big dish for their 2-3 person group, for example. I am definitely coming back and couldn't be happier that we tried this place today. Sooooooo good!! Definitely a little jewel in Lakeland that I hope sticks around!
Easily one of the best pieces of salmon I have ever had.  And all in this little restaurant in an unassuming building that, if you blinked at just the right second, you'd miss?  Promise. Oh my god.  Perfectly seared.  Crispy on the outside, but so soft and flaky and FLAVORFUL on the inside.  And none of the grey residue from peeling off the skin on the bottom?  Yay!  Even though I am sure it has virtually no impact on the taste or your health, I just don't like it.  And for it not to be there, bonus.  Speaking of bonus, the carrot slaw that accompanies the fish?  I could have taken an entire plate of it.  Sweet on the taste buds and good for your eyesight, too.  I should have stolen the recipe. The feta rolls that we started with - yum.  These concoctions are like egg rolls in consistency and mozzarella sticks in cheesiness and the accompanying sauces made for happy in your mouth.  Who doesn't want happy in their mouth?   Prudes.   This place reminds me of one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago.  Small, cute, and with a personal feel to it.  I have no idea who owns or works for the restaurant, but I could not shake the feeling that it was family-owned and run by people who really take pride in their product and their business.  The character lies in the service and it could not have been a more pleasant experience.  Indoor seating is limited but rumor has it they have a patio, which is where you should be anyway.
The food is very good. Hubby had the beef Wellington. I had the veggie moussaka which was decent. The service is mediocre. We finished our beverages and the wait staff never asked if we would like another beverage. They also never cleared the appetizer plates when serving the main course. The restaurant is small and quite noisy. It was impossible to carry on a conversation without yelling across the table.
This place is awesome! The entire menu is phenomenal. I highly recommend this restaurant. Expect great food, great flavor. The best restaurant in Lakeland!
Very over priced. 2 lunches one app and 2 sodas was over $50. So not worth it. Food okay, certainly not worth the $$$, not that special.
Delicious, fresh, healthy. I had the chicken kabab. Others at the table had the beef Wellington and stuffed peppers. I'd recommend any of these. Quaint spot; you feel like you're right in the owners home. Service was warm and welcoming. I will certainly be back!
Some of the most delicious food we had. Fantastic small family restaurant and home cooked meals. Outstanding and friendly service.
Tiny little place, felt like home. The foods was delicious, multiple items one a plate it was like a personal tapas plate:) they offer vegetarian meals, BONUS. A group was celebrating a birthday and brought us some chocolate cake, so thoughtful! We read the comments about the owners not being nice. We could tell the woman serving us was an owner she wasn't mean just not overly friendly. Not much of a people person, but it could be her culture. Anyway it's a great spot to checkout!
Feta rolls - AMAZING! In house Baklava - FABULOUS! Finishing off with incredible Turkish Coffee.
What an unforgettable explosion of flavors.  They know how to pull it all together.  We had eggplant rolls wrapped in what tasked like a tempura flaky batter topped with a dollop of sauce and cheese.  It melts in your mouth.  My chicken kebab was delightful.  It consisted of crispy chunks of chicken with veggies including eggplant, pita and hummus along with a tasteful scoop of rice.   We had plenty of food. If you live in Lakeland, you are fortunate.  If you are driving from Tampa to Orlando be sure to stop in Lakeland for lunch.  Then, walk it off at Hollis Gardens down the street.  It's a formal garden with a walking strand around the lake.
I am a dedicated lover of Turkish food, so when I found this place, I had to try them. I paid roughly $13 for chicken kabobs, rice and two small pieces of pita bread. I didn't think it was a bad price until I saw the small quantity of food. All the Turkish food I've ever had has been in Manhattan, so I'm used to paying the upwards of $20 for a plate, but I've also been served a decent portion of food. I thought that the food lacked seasoning, but it wasn't bland. The rice didn't have the traditional vermicelli that I'm used to, but it was soft and fluffy and kind of melted in my mouth. The chicken was very well cooked and not burned at all. The bread tasted a little ehh. It had that weird bread-getting-old-taste I don't know how to explain it. It would have been nicer had it been heated up a little bit. I'd like to stop by again and give it another try since I'm seeing many 5 star reviews, maybe I just went on an off day. This was also take out and although I was the only person there, I waited for over 5 minutes before being noticed. This is a small place, my friend's father used to have a restaurant here years before, so I found it hard to believe that they didn't know I'd been there.
After hearing rave reviews from friends, today I had my first Cafe Zuppina experience. You can see by my star rating, it went well. I actually got a "taste" of Zuppina when a co-worker returned from lunch there with a carrot salad to try. I knew I wanted to go see this place for myself and I'm so glad I did. Do yourself a favor and stop by. I promise you won't be disappointed. I got the vegetable plate which must have had 10 different options to try. Each one with explosive flavor and each one completely unique. The best way to describe it is that the vegetables tasted like candy. The combination of superb ingredients and know how in the kitchen. Seriously, its the best thing I've ever eaten. I considered myself a good cook but I could never hold a candle to this stuff. It's magical. I just wanted to add in that I've eaten here quite a few times since that first magical day and I still love it. Something must have been going on the day I first ate there because I haven't quite gotten the same flavor explosion the past times I've been. I think partly because I know what to expect and sometimes I have had some burned pieces. I still love this place though and its great for take out. The eggplant is super good. The carrot salad is the most amazing thing I've ever eaten. The hummus is tasty. On a good day the okra and the brussels sprouts are awesome. There's also something cold with celery root that I love. They've added more tables lately so there is more seating. Be prepared to wait a little bit or give the waitress your full order. Also, you'll probably have to ask for drink refills. Its a small operation but so totally worth it.
First visit, very impressed! This place is awesome! Limited menu but you can't go wrong. I'm not a huge vegetable guy but these were unbelievable. I got the lamb sausage, wife got the kabobs. Both came with more items that we weren't expecting like an extra lamb chop. Also had grape leaves for an app and baklava and turkish coffee for dessert. Cannot recommend enough!
We come to Lakeland from Miami whenever we need a little tweak for our motorhome.  we are always looking for some interesting food spots.  I googled restaurants in Lakeland, Fla, and the first one that came up was Cafe Zuppina!   I am a huge fan of grape leaves and stuffed cabbage and these were the first photos I saw.  We hadn't eaten all day so I couldn't wait!  We were surprised at the smallness of the restaurant but that space immediately expanded with the joy from the owner who told us about her restaurant, food specials and how everything is home made and organic, two BIG things for me!  I could bathe in feta cheese, so we ordered the hot feta cheese rolls to start.  My husband loved them but they were a bit too fried for me and the feta didn't melt as I would have liked.  They reminded me of fried mozzarella sticks. The sauces that came with were so good we ordered two side orders!  Delicious bright red tangy salty marinara as well as a perfectly seasoned garlic yogurt sauce.  This is Turkish food with the owner's own twists.  Of course we had to purchase a jar of the marinara to take with us! The stuffed red pepper is unlike any other as she uses unusual spices and delicate red peppers that look like flowers!  I can't remember my dinner name but when it said it came with two pork chops, lamb patties marinated lamb and other goodies I was intrigued and ordered right away.  Do NOT leave without ordering this!  The pork chops were mini and tasted so succulent and had such flavor!  The marinated lamb and patties were great but a tad bit dry but nothing that couldn't be made magical with more garlic yogurt.  The rice was so unusual, the Brussels were beyond and the carrot slaw was a huge success with my husband although for me, it didn't have the crunch I was expecting.   We can't wait to return tonight to order a full dinner of pork chops!  Oh, and we won't fill up with appetizers this time although the grape leaves were JUST coming out of the pot and should not have been missed....we may just have to do that again haha!
We dined 9/12/10.  My wife had the vegetarian plate, it was terrific, with grape leaves, and other delicious morsels.  I had the Red Lentil soup, and it was tasty, but... The soup was not 'fresh' per se, I am sure it was cooked, then frozen, and reheated in the same bowl it was served in - the black bowl was skin-blistering hot while the soup was tepid; the soup was brothy and no whole lentils remained, broken from being frozen.  Still, it was good, served with flatbread.  I thought it was a good value overall, but next time I will just get the vegetarian plate as well. The dining area is small, very closely-set tables, and would be a challenge for someone in a wheelchair or power chair, but not impossible.  Luckily, no young kids were in the dining room the evening we went, as it would surely have been annoying.  At this time there is no alcohol; being a Turkish cafe, I think that's fine, and I didn't miss it at all.  They may be okay with you bringing your own.
With more than a year under their belt, this is still a fine dining "little soup" spot.  A friend and I stopped in for a 7 pm Friday supper.  The tables had not been cleared though the restaurant was empty by half--but that sign delighted me.  It showed the small 24 seat restaurant was being well-frequented even tho' the husband/waiter was not so quick with keeping up.   My friend was afraid to come to this place, thinking "Turkish" or "Mediterranean" meant spicey or "weird" foods.  I wanted her to experience the richness in flavors and textures.  The place bills itself as "European".  The owners are Turkish and Romanian.  The foods are "normal", the menu is limited but changes occasionally.  They do fabulously with lamb, salmon, brisket, eggplant.  Their name means "little soups" in Italian and they usually sport four soups.  I love them all! We ordered two cups of soup.  They were out of one of the options, but knowing every one of the four soup offering is divine, we were flexible with the swap.  I had green lentil and orzo soup.  My friend had spring chicken with couscous.  Served with a small slice of crusty bread, both were six-star.  We chose to split the brisket & mushroom sandwich.  It amounted to a two-inch section of French bread "sub" stock full of the meaty beef in a red sauce.  It was great--but not as good as receiving the brisket platter "dinner" that I love there.  I ended the meal with hot tea.  It came in a minty flavor, a pleasurable end-of-dinner flavor, but I would've liked it hotter. In the meantime, another dozen people had filtered in for supper.  There was no way this place was going to make its 8 pm bed time.  That was great to see!  Thanks for keeping such a homey, heavenly little place going, Lakeland!
Stumbled onto the terrific place while on a trip. Food is as good as I've had anywhere and I travel often. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because of the bad ventilation. This food is excellent!
Best cuisine in Lakeland. I've been away for 18 months, so I hope the place continues to thrive. It's a great combination of Turkish, Romanian and Greek fare. Everything they serve here is tops.
We visited after reading the reviews and had amazing food and personal service from Berna, the owner.  We skipped over Carson's review deciding the food was more important and decided to stop in.  We had the mixed grill which let us try a little of everything and shared hummus to start.  It was a bonus to learn it is all made with organic foods and mostly from scratch.  I will definitely be back when traveling in the Lakeland area!  Everything was very good!
This came as a recommendation from a woman I met in Utah and she was right!  This place is AWESOME.  Everything my coworkers and I ate from the hummus to the grilled meat platter were delicious.  I would come back any day!
So delicious!  Food is made to order in the kitchen right next to you.  The Brussels sprouts are amazing (don't usually hear those words in the same sentence!).  The chicken mixed grill plate is so tasty - perfectly seasoned.
Excellent Turkish/"Greek" food. Had the delicious special with cheesy eggplant, lamb, Brussels sprouts, asparagus. No liquor license, but I did not miss it.
Excellent! Charming little place tucked away in a strip mall on S Fl. Ordered the feta rolls and veggie platter. The platter is huge with a plethora of delicious and unusual tastes. Loved the carrot salad, homemade hummus, and roasted sprouts. Very popular spot (for good reason), so go on an off hour to get a seat. Loved!
This place was a really great find. As two very picky vegetarians, we both expected to have a mediocre but hopefully edible veggie platter. The platter far exceed our expectations, and we almost got another order to go! I would highly recommend this place!
VERY RUDE OWNERS: Let me start by saying that the food at Zuppina is very good.  That said, I just can't get over how rude the the owners were to me on my last visit.  I called in to go and after they were very late in preparing the order relative to when they asked me to arrive, they acted like I was being unreasonable when I very politely said something.  The food is great but I won't be able to go back just on principle - it is inappropriate to treat customers in such a manner.  Too bad!
Awesome gyro. Came with a side of brussel sprouts potatos and rice. Kinda small but awesome none the less.
Fantastic restaurant. Came here for an early dinner and had plenty of seating. Had the moussaka and lamb stuffed peppers. Absolutely fantastic. Go. Now.
The brussel sprouts were fantastic! If only the rest of the experience was so good. We walked in to the six table restaurant and were promptly asked if we had a reservation. No, but with five tables available was that going to be an issue? The woman sat us with an exasperated look and instead of handing us menus, dropped them and silverware on our table before running back to the kitchen. We began to wonder if she was the only person there. We ordered a hummus dish and spinach appetizer with the beef wellington and gyro platter for dinner. I lived in Italy for a year and traveled to Turkey twice, staying for a month each time with friends. I was very excited to find a Turkish restaurant in the area, but the meat from the gyro seemed processed with the texture of spam and was horribly seasoned. The hummus wasn't worth eating and the beef wellington seemed defrosted. We finished quickly, leaving 2/3 of the meal on the plates and asked for the check. The couple that had arrived after us finished ten minutes after we had and received their check first. We ended up waiting 15 minutes after asking for the check for an opportunity to pay. The meal was overpriced at $55. The service was extremely unprofessional. Some people like the idea of being served by mamma out of her own kitchen, but mamma needs to wear shoes instead of flip flops and needs to learn how to manage her tables properly. There was a Chipotle across the street. We ended up going there for a quick fix to our hunger and for $15 more, had a much more satisfying meal.
Cafe Zppina is a gem in Lakeland. Going there is like going to a  wonderful hostess home who cooks delicious food. We just moved here from Charlotte, NC, and looking for great places to eat. I am particular, as we could get delicious food easily. But  Cafe Zupina  met and exceeded my hopes. We have been going about once a week. And will continue to frequent.
Cafe Zuppina is AMAZING!!  The food is absolutely delicious and the service is always good!  I am normally NOT a vegetable lover, but the way these veggies are prepared leaves me wanting more and more!  The owner buys the vegetables FRESH EVERY MORNING at the market, so you know you are getting fresh and delicious food.  The flavors of Turkey are incredible and you won't be sorry you came to this restaurant!  Try it once and you'll DEFINITELY be a regular!!
yummy food, very tiny restaurant.  we always get the same thing, should probably branch out more, but we like what we get so much we never have. mixed grill and veggie plate are both delicious. everything is tasty, and all the flavors meld beautifully.   once or twice had food come out kind of lukewarm which can be off-putting. i like to go early in the week;  the owner said they do their farmers market shopping on the weekend.
Great restaurant!  Food was excellent!  4 guests in party ......different dishes everyone was pleased.  Only 6 tables so go early or late for lunch.
