Great wine. Small selection. Outdoor seating ok during a rain fit. Limited food menu. Knowledgeable waitstaff. Nice upscale wine bar in Lakeland
At the time of this review I've dined at The Red Door Wine Market four times now, and every visit has been a home run! My favorite time to visit is during Sunday brunch. However, I was blown away by what I had for dinner on a Saturday! Before I decided on a dish I was greeted by a very welcoming staff of servers. The atmosphere is very cozy and you feel like you want to hang around for a while. After finding my seat I ordered the lamb burger and a cup of coffee. My server informed me that the lamb burger is seasonal and that I was just in time before it was rotated from the menu. The coffee was very nice, and the mint water that accompanied was refreshing. It didn't take very long for the burger to come out, which was nice. Another nice surprise was a Mediterranean salad shared the plate with the lamb. Portions at The Red Door are hearty! Taking the first bite into the burger felt like an explosion of flavor! A perfectly-seasoned lamb, pickled onions, a corn relish, and a BBQ sauce with brown sugar; it was an experience. There was so much range in that flavor profile and it all seemed to harmonize quite nicely. You could really taste the perfect balance of every component! The salad, as I said earlier, was a pleasant surprise since I didn't see it on the menu. It had a very nice olive oil dressing with some other light seasoning and feta cheese that give it a good tart flavor. The Lamb Burger dish is priced at $13 and along with the coffee it came to around $16; it was worth every penny! I can't wait for The Lamb Burger to come back into season, and I'm excited to see the new menu rotation from an obviously visionary chef. Go and visit The Red Door Wine Market on your next night out!
My wife dragged me in here during the "bake by the lake" event. We got seating outside and that was rough, as I was already grumpy from the humidity. Lo and behold the meal was actually pretty tasty. I failed to notice the whole "wine market" deal in the title of the place as I was puzzled as to why they didn't serve coke products. This place has a faint quaff of pretentiousness. Despite that, the hash and eggs are worth investigating. This place is not what you'd expect to find in Lakeland, and that's a good thing.
I've eaten at Red door twice and the food is superb. And the home made pickles are my favorite appetizer to eat here. The food is always fresh and good. They get there food from the Local Markets here.
Have you ever seen a red door that you wanted painted black? I can't say I share the same sentiment as the Rolling Stones, mainly because black is just not a color that "pops" (or really a color at all, since it's a "neutral" - go art class!), and I will elaborate further and say that whatever Red Door is doing needs not be altered in any way. I don't always travel to the most thrilling of locations but when I do travel I command excellence... and outdoor seating.  Al fresco is al besto.  Searching out hot spots in Lakeland I came across Red Door.  Though none of my local co-workers had heard the restaurant, Yelp liked it, people liked it, and I was ready to like it. I made a reservation for 2 for the patio and we headed over.  Turns out I probably did not need a reservation as there were a few large parties and a few couples scattered about, but I am a reservation-type of guy, so snap.  I noticed a couple groups eating inside.  Why, oh why, do you do this to yourself?  Sure, the interior is inviting and that wine bottle partition between the dining room and the bathroom hallway?  Stellar.  I only wish I would have brought my camera inside and taken a picture, even if the people eating would have thought I was a total weirdo.  The patio is large, inviting, and, quite honestly, it's where "it's" at.   The mussels came highly recommended, so much as for the waitress to say it was "the best thing on the menu."  She was not lying.  Truth, I am not a huge mussels fan.  It's this whole texture thing.  They're a bit too not firm/overly chewy for me, and I have this bizarre gag reflex that I can't help and do not want to show off quite so quickly to my co-workers.  BUT these were delicious.  And plopped on a piece of garlic bread soaked in green curry sauce?  Can't ask for much more yummy, baby.  In the end my co-worker ate about 90% of them but I had enough to vouch to their tastiness.  Don't skip. Another notable is the popcorn.   A hefty portion for 5 bucks seasoned perfectly and soaked in truffle oil.  Truffle oil makes everything better except your breath.  Whatevs. For mains she went with the risotto chock full of veggies (oh, vegetarians!) and I opted for the chicken and waffles.  I love fried chicken.  Like, maybe not as much as some Yelpers of note, but I do love it.  And I loved this.  It came with three huge pieces, 2 boneless and one drumstick, and was cooked crisp, seasoned perfectly, and actually stuck to the chicken while eating.  I hate when the breading flakes off with each bite... this held tight.  Oh, and drizzled with some spicy sriracha.  Mmmm.  My only complaint - did not realize it had chives on it.  Green onions are no good in my book... but I was able to shake most of them off and be hunky dory with it. It's a great spot for a casual dinner, a date with your significant other (or potential), or if you want to wow a group.  If I find myself in Lakeland again, you betcha I'm back.
Really enjoyed the casual California experience, right here in central Florida.   Choose the assorted cheese and fruit platter, along with a bowl of assorted olives. Perfect compliment to the craft beers that I was partaking of.
I've read good reviews on this place and its food... too bad we never had anyone stop by in the 20 minutes we were seated! I can understand being a little busy (tables were still open), but when no less than 4 servers pass by as you're looking at the menu with nothing on the table, it begins to make you think about how great a place really is in reality. First impressions are everything and this place surely missed the mark.
Cozy and inviting. Super friendly staff.  Delicious food & drinks with well-developed flavors and variety. Apparently they're starting a weekend brunch schedule and I cannot wait. I'll be coming here as often as possible from now on.
Nice atmosphere in the cooler months. Unbearable in the heat and humidity of summer.  Indoor area only seats a few tables. Desserts are EXCELLENT. Pastry chef needs to open her own place.   Rest of the menu is pretentious, overpriced and unappealing. Everything is very bland or is smothered in salt and truffle oil. Menu is very, very limited.  The salads are horrid and small. None of the food satisfies.  The iced tea is herbal, not black. Awful. They also refuse to alter or substitute what little menu choices they do offer. For example, you can NOT order the hamburger without shredded pork on it, nor will they tell you what is in their only sandwich offering.  It is a surprise!  So who wants to pay $15 for a sandwich they may not like or can not eat due to allergies? After several visits, we have concluded the place is only good for wine, beer and dessert.  It is not the place to go for dinner or appetizers.
Love the food, wine, live music, and atmosphere. Classy and inviting. Absolutely love it!
The new summer menu is pretty good. I'm a bigger guy so the portions are a little small for the price. The Phantom sandwich for me was a 13$ chicken sandwich which was pretty good but the chicken was a little thin. The fries are good and the desert is amazing. If you don't mind spending a little more for a great atmosphere, decent food and great deserts then you'll like this place.
I live in NYC and come to Lakeland to visit my mom. We tried this place for dinner the other week and I was so happy that we did! First of all, the welcome was warm and they were very solicitous of Mom, who uses a walker. The entire menu was intriguing;  we shared the Egg in a Jar (poached egg, roasted mushrooms and cheesy, creamy grits) which was super-tasty -- we scraped the jar clean. We also had the pan-seared scallops, which came with lentils and a seriously delicious and different carrot puree. The combination worked very well. For dessert we had a strawberry pavlova, and it too, was delicious. Mom hardly drinks any alcohol these days but she had a bit of my wine. She is a coffee drinker, however, and liked their offering, which happened to be huge, served in a cup almost the size of a cafe au lait boule.   Everything was nice, including the service. Lakeland is not my favorite place, but I certainly look forward to my next visit to Red Door.
We stopped by for a delightful late lunch. The restaurant is in a charming bungalow across the street from the Polk Museum. We started off with the hummus plate. The hummus was really tasty, but the pita bread did not seem fresh. My husband had the chicken and waffles sandwich and loved it. I had the caprese press. It was good, but the balsamic reduction made the bread soggy by the end of the meal. I was happy with the meal and will go back.
They have a Pub Run every Tuesday evening that I make every effort to attend. Always have runners specials and this Tuesday was no different. I had a Swamp Head Brewery Midnight Oil which is an Oatmeal Coffee Stout and some wings. Wow. The 2 for 1 brew was dark, thick, and chewy, just the way it is supposed to be. The kind of beer you take a few swallows, and then have to contemplate for a moment. Very tasty, in the way that mass produced beer drinkers abhor, and really can't handle. Did I say 2 for 1? I order the wings, 8 of them because I figured a 8 wing snack would be about right after a 5k run. Oh, boy, these were not your little "drummies". Full size wings, the entire wing, excellent sauce (hot) with celery and blue cheese. Definitely a meal and with two excellent beers to wash it down it was wonderful. Did I mention that it was runners special? All that food and two beers...11 dollars. Great place to go, great service, and I will be back.
My wife and I had been here once before, but the menu changed so we wanted to see what was new. Ordered the mussels and they were incredible, probably the largest I've ever seen. The tomato, bacon, okra broth the mussels were swimming in was  over the top phenomenal. Only problem was we didn't have enough bread to soak all that wonderful goodness up. We asked for more, and the waitress brought us what were essentially croutons. Not the same. My wife ordered scallops with fried green tomatoes and corn succotash. It was good, but very, very salty. I ordered the brisket mac and cheese. The cheese sauce was ok, but the overall dish was missing some element. It was very one note. The brisket was just flavorless meat in the dish, it needed some sort of heat or spice to it. Our waitress was ok, but she was often too busy eating and drinking wine at the bar to attend to us as she should have. For the money, I expect better food and better service. Side note - expect flies if you are seated by the window.
Some great vegetarian items on the menu and the location has good view of the nicely landscaped library and art museum.
I had the autumn risotto and the pumpkin bread pudding this evening.  Everything was delicious!  I am glad Lakeland has a place like this with unique dishes and such a charming atmosphere.  The staff was very friendly and attentive, as well!
Outstanding attention to detail, ambiance, and quality of ingredients. Don't miss it!
Attractive place decor-wise but just not for someone walking in needing gluten-free options. Glass of Pinot wine was nice but didn't seem worth the $12 price tag in my opinion. The only "safe" (GF) item that appealed to me was the small plate entree of asparagus, poached egg, truffle oil, and grated Parmesan.... $12 for 3 spears of asparagus, albeit larger-sized spears topped with one poached egg, several pieces of grated parm, with a drizzle of truffle oil (though a little does go a long way). Very nice flavor but I left hungry. I'll recommend Red Door to others who doesn't have food allergies, I'll be back with friends or out-of-town guests only if I can call ahead and have them accommodate GF dietary needs.
Lakeland needs more places like Red Door. The food is fresh and delicious, the wine and beer selection is the best in town, and the outdoor seating is where it's at. The service is grade A, too. Red Door will be my go-to spot when I am in Lakeland.
If you are in Lakeland and enjoy great food and wine, you've got to try the Red Door.  Menu and wine list are creative and unique.
I made reservations to eat inside at 7 p.m. on a Thursday night for a party of 9. I was disappointed when we arrived at 5 til 7 and they seemed surprised to see us (I had even confirmed the reservation 2 days before). It took a few minutes for them to come up with a table in the back. Unfortunately, it was a table for 6. We squeezed everyone in and luckily the table next to us was done not long after so we slid that table over to make more room. Happily that was the end of our issues.  The waitress was efficient and pleasant. The drinks were delivered in a timely manner. The food took just the right amount of time (too quick always makes me worried that I'm getting a 'microwaved special'). That's when things really got good!  What amazing food!  I defy anyone to find food this fresh and flavorful in Lakeland. I had the green risotto, and it was heavenly.  It was creamy, fresh, perfectly seasoned and just divine. Because everyone was so impressed with their food, of course, we shared bites.. I also tried the beet tartar-amazing, fresh, perfect.  The scallops-cooked perfectly, fresh, and tender. The grits in the beer chicken-wow!  I have never tasted grits like that...as a born and bred Northerner I have always said, 'I hate grits'... Well I was wrong...I would eat those by themselves. They were cheesy, creamy, deliciousness!  As far as I am concerned the prices were just right...you have to be willing to pay to get this kind of quality. So, if they get a little more organized where reservation seating is concerned this will be the only 5 star worthy restaurant in Lakeland.  We WILL be back.
A new local hotspot with great food, good vibes, live music, great drinks and a friendly environment! You need to check this place out ASAP!
I went here a few months ago with my sister, and was sorely disappointed with the food. While it is a beautiful little spot with good service, I ordered the worst mussels of my life (strong and sandy), along with a potato soup that was trying too hard. The bill was hefty, as well. Next time, I would have a glass of wine on their patio, and go elsewhere for dinner.
I was excited to go out with friends on a Friday night to this place, but perhaps my friends and I just aren't fancy enough.  Note the small sarcastic note there. The menu is certainly eccentric and we ended up not eating. The tables are tiny for four people and it's not exactly a good place to go and sit outside in the evenings. Sure - ambience and such, but the mosquitoes in summer make that impossible to enjoy. They have a small citronella candle that doesn't do any good on the tables, and ours broke pretty quickly. They don't have regular soda, but I tried a grape soda I enjoyed well, even though ice isn't provided.  My friends tried the Orange beer, which they enjoyed quite a bit. They have flavorful drinks and wines as well as a nice presentation. The worst thing was the service. It was hard to get anyone's attention, we had different servers for different assistance since one wouldn't stay around to be dependable enough, and they really weren't that friendly. I love sitting outdoors with music but I could barely hear it here, and the only thing we kept noticing and laughing about is it's by an apartment buildign with the windows open where we saw a guy working out. The place is cute and small but there is no room to sit inside if it's busy, so bearing the heat and mosquitoes is the only option.
The live music creates a great place to relax with a few drinks but the food was definitely lacking flavor. We got the Door Pizza and the Spare Ribs and both were bland. I felt like we could have made the same quality food at home; the food lacked flavor period. Overall we would not recommend this place unless your just planning on having a few drinks and listening to music.
Food =Not good.  Beer = good. Wait staff nice, but slow. Been here with the family twice after the Tusday Pub Run. Disappointed twice. Beer very yummy, and the outdoor space beautiful. I will continue to come for the running and beer, but will not order food.
