We have been to Chef's SO many times and the food is always consistently GREAT! From start to finish 5Stars. In our opinion the olny 5,Star dining in Lakela or Polk County. servicevis always abovevpar as well. We  enjoyed this placevso much we held our wedding and reception here in 2010!!!
First time at Chef T's and it did not dissapoint. The atmosphere has an outdated style, but feels quaint and inviting. The service was good, although not excellent. The wine list was decent, but there were not many choices to purchase by the glass. The food was excellent for the price. My wife had the basil ravioli which was above average and reasonably priced. I had the Chicken San Pretonio. The chicken was really good. The sauce was flavorful but not overly rich, and the dish arrived nice and hot. My only complaint would be the green beans left much to be desired. They lacked crunch and color. Overall Chef T's was a nice surprise. It is certainly off the beaten path, and for the price it made a really nice date night. With an ever changing menu, we will certainly be back.
Got the Chicken San Pretonio.  Incredible dish.  Served hot and with just the right amount of seasoning!!!  Portions are good for quality and price.  Pecan pie for dessert was perfect.  This is such a great restaurant where one would never expect to find one.  The atmosphere is so relaxing and cozy.  Service is above average.  Will be back for sure!
Set up in a big yellow house with a white picket fence and beautiful gardens, this gourmet eatery is a treat if you have extra dollars in your pocket.  It has a limited menu of hot dishes, 3 salad options, 2 soups, several sandwiches, 4 desserts.  Two bran mini-muffins were offered tableside upon being seated.  Didn't need butter. Two of us had lunch for $35, including tip.  Water was served in cobalt stemmed glasses.  We chose pomegranate iced tea and raspberry iced tea.  The chicken marsala was perfectly cooked, full of mushrooms, and served over a bed of linguini served on fine china.  It came with an ample spring mix salad with palm hearts, green beans, peppers, plum tomatoes.  We also tried the quiche of the day--ham, spinach, mushrooms, and Swiss hot out of the oven, served with fresh strawberries and honeydew.   Chicken salad with tarragon on croissant was ordered by several other tables.  There were various rooms with seatings.  This place was a former tea room.  Service was mediocre-slow when it came to bringing the bill.  No one asked about dessert--the bread pudding was made with croissants and sounded unique.  Maybe next time.
Absolutely FANTASTIC!!! Made reservations for my wife and I on Friday morning.  We got the last table.  Had never been here before and we were very impressed.   Loved the cobalt blue water glasses.  Bread was hot and crusty French and an absolutely fabulous Kalamata olive and Feta bread.  Awesome. We shared a very good French onion soup that was tremendous.  Some places serve a broth with onions.  This was a nice crock of hearty consistency, a still-crispy crouton and a good amount of perfectly toasted cheese.  Easily the best I have ever had. House salad was good, tomatoes were fresh.  Balsamic dressing was tangy and not over-applied.  Mixed greens.  We both enjoyed it. The main courses were FABULOUS.  Chicken Marsala and Chicken San Pretonio.   Starch of the day was mashed potatoes with green onions and cheese.  Vegetable was a nice serving of petite green beans.   Quite probably some of the best food I've had in Lakeland, and farther.  Both entrees were flavorful and well seasoned.  My wife added a bit of salt to hers, but she's a salt addict...  Large portion of mushrooms with the Marsala.  EXCELLENT. While we thought we were too full for dessert, reviews spoke of the Key Lime pie.  We shared a piece and it was easily the best I have ever had. Server said it was entirely homemade.  It was thick and rich with homemade whipped cream and a bit of raspberry sauce and a couple raspberries on the side.  Fantastic. We will be going back soon, every time I can come up with a reason to celebrate.
Not sure why a 5-star restaurant (the only one in lakeland, apparently) would serve creamer in those diner mini cups and butter wrapped in foil. It's all about the details. We also had a 6:30 reset and were told they were already out of crab cakes. At 6:30. With no one in the restaurant but us. The food was ok.
This is a wonderful restaurant!  I've never had a bad meal here!  Service & food consistently excellent.
This place is like a diamond hidden in the rough. Our party of four each had something different from the menu or a special. They were all fabulous . The atmosphere was wonderful, but the most wonderful part was the chef put each meal together with superb flavor. We had crab cakes, veal, pumpkin ravioli and pork tenderloin with apricots and pistachio's. WONDERFUL. People of Lakeland you need to eat here!
We met 2 other couples for dinner the other evening and the food was delicious!  The service was superb!  I ordered filet Mignon and the others ordered the specialty  for the evening, Tuscany chicken, which they said was awesome! A wine tasting dinner is scheduled for January 27, 2012 - Enjoy a four course dinner, paired with a unique selection of wines from small vineyards around the world $49.95 plus tax & gratuity Soup Mushroom & Brie bisque with a toasted crustini & a splash of sherry Salad Tomato mozzarella salad with thin sliced red onion, gorgonzola cheese & a vinaigrette dressing Entrée Choose One At Time Of Reservation Tender medallions of milk fed veal, sautéed with Madeira & white wine, topped with lump crabmeat, asparagus & hollandaise Or Chilean sea bass poached in a lobster broth with grilled polenta & wild mushrooms Dessert Classic double layer chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream     You will need to make reservations!
Had dinner there last night and it was great.
A hidden little gem in the restaurant chain hell that is central Florida.  Set inside a big old house, each dining room is very small, cozy and comfy.  The food was generally very good, not GREAT, but very good, especially considering what else is around. I had the Chilean Sea Bass which was melt in your mouth buttery delicious.  Others in my group had the duck (which I tasted and loved, a couple of different chicken dishes, and the gnocchi which got very high approval. We had a nice bottle of medium priced wine ("menage-a-trois") and shared the key lime pie (good, but need to be just a little more tart for my taste) and some chocolate in chocolate on chocolate slice of cake which many in my group liked. Too bad it was SO hot, rainy and humid because they have a really beautiful garden deck ---- too July muggy to sit out there, though. A very nice "hidden gem" in Central Florida. Located in a setting that seems like "the other side of the tracks" (actually, freight trains pass frequently behind the restaurant) but certainly nice enough for a very pleasant dinner with friend, family or colleagues. A thumbs up for Chef T's.
I could tell that this place wanted to be special, but it was just ok.  The bread was served nice and warm with real butter - great!  The balsamic dressing on the salad was entirely too tangy (like something out of the bottle) - blech - and the tomatoes on my plate were not fresh - omg, seriously?  I had gnocci with gorgonzola cream sauce - good - but it had sundried tomatoes in it that detracted from the creaminess of the dish - probably not the best choice.
Beautiful location, awesome food awesome service! Will definitely make it a point to come back! Jenny our waitress was  so helpful!!!
We went to Chef T's with friends who share our concern over the lack of good, non-chain restaurants in Lakeland. We all had a wonderful meal. The restaurant itself is in a lovely old home with beautiful gardens. The food was very good, the chicken and veal Marsala was exceptional. Attentive service, nice wine list and excellent food. We will be back!
