If you ever venture to historic downtown Lakeland for a night out (well worth it but get a room at The Terrace as this town knows how to party) Molly's will probably be one of the longer stops. Great for a large or small group of people with a definite Irish Pub (all be it a more modern version) feel. Great staff, drink prices and atmosphere. You can smoke in here but the air was not that bad on a Saturday night so don't be too scared off by that. Pop in have a Guinness or two, bring Pizza over from accross the street and enjoy the band
Molly's i a great place to bump into an old friend from High School, if you're into that sort of thing. They have live music, outdoor patios, affordable drinks, and a low-key, relaxed atmosphere.  The family the runs the pub is pretty cool, too.   While there is a small selection of food items, I'd go elsewhere to get your noms on.  Also, beware of the smokers! It's pretty legit for an Irish pub in Lakeland, FL.
After walking around a bit, we decided this seemed like the best bar downtown to stop for a beer.  Some of the others seems too crazy.  Molly's was lively, but not over top.  Good drinks and good service.
Oh what a lovely accident. After a day purchasing a car... I just wanted a beer. I promise I didn't drive afterwards ;) Left the sunny outside and stumbled into this lovely pub on a Tuesday afternoon. Huge space... relatively empty. Couple people at the bar. What you would expect on a Tuesday at 4PM in a Lakeland bar. Very Pub-esque. Dark inside. Not meticulously kept. Cigarette machine. Smoking is allowed. Few food items are available.  If you are going to order a mixed drink- better keep it basic. Cuba libre, vodka cran, and so on. This is not the Blue Martini. That is exactly what i like about it. Bartender was very friendly, very knowledgeable about beer, and sarcastically witty.  Great combination.  Beer selection was decent. There were quite a few taps, not many bottles.  Plenty of liquor. Pool tables. Outside seating. Don't expect to get table side service if there is only a bartender working. He is not a waitress. Rightfully so. Liked it so much I came back after I got some dinner elsewhere. Definitely come by if I am ever back in Lakeland.
I give Molly's (affectionatly called by locals) 5 stars because it is quite possibly my favorite place on earth.  Low-key, friendly, affordable, relaxed.   ...authentic Irish pub with Irish/american (limited) menu (ask for "Molly's fries")...and the best pint o' Guinness in the county.  Street parties abound....Two outdoor patios, one in front and one in back...live local bands....pool table.  Smoking is allowed so be ready for that.   It's a neighborhood pub where you can go and meet or you can go and not be hassled.  As I said, it's my favorite place on earth.
Molly's seems to be the bar to hang at in Lakeland. The ambiance is traditional American Irish pub which means low light and wood. Last time I stopped in they still were only had macro beers on tap and Guinness was the only Irish beer choice. If you like Stella, Bud and Guinness you'll enjoy it quite a bit. If you are more of a beer nerd/geek/snob you may be disappointed by the draft selection.
I have only drank here, so that is what I am reviewing. I went in with a couple of work buddies and had two beers, a mixed drink and just concoction the bartender made up. Overall the service was good, the atmosphere was laid back and the people happy. The price was ok and it seemed that everyone was in their mid 30s or so. The atmosphere is dark and somewhat dirty, but plays well into the whole pub scenario. The walls are coated in Irish themed things, and the ceiling is tin. Overall it was a nice place to drink beer. The selection of drinks is pretty good, especially when the bartender gives you a taste of whatever you want. I will definitely go back but I do not think I will make it my go to place just yet.
Whenever one finds one south of the deep south in Lakeland, Florida, Mollie's may bring a bit of reality back to life. It's one of the best bars, in a place bizarre-- but don't ask for a margarita there, cos it's not on the truly Irish fare. And be prepared for smoking allowed, pool tables, eclectic live local bands, and interesting clientele.
Great pints of Irish beer, authentic Irish pub atmosphere, superior outdoor cafe, mediocre food menu.  (Most eat elsewhere on the block and come here for the drink!)  They do have info about their local Celtic Club which meets there monthly.
Grab a DD and head to Molly's! I used to belong to an Irish American Study Group that met at Molly's periodically. The atmosphere is pleasant and although they do not feature a full menu, it is possible to order munchies.
You have to visit Molly's! This is a great spot to enjoy a pint. The last Friday of each month you can enjoy a live band playing Irish music. After a while they will take suggestions for songs, for tips of course. I've only ever had Molly's fries but they are a lifesaver after you've had one too many and you're starving!
A good Irish style pub, but no longer serves food. They can order it from the pizza joint across the street (or you can go pick it up "to go" and bring it back). Decent selection of draft beers on tap and have a reasonable idea how to pour a Guinness. I haven't been on a night they have live music, but it appears to be several nights a week.
Great ambiance, Irish brew, pool tables and friendly bartenders
Who knew you could find such a great pub in Lakeland? The atmosphere is fun and relaxed, the decor dark and old-looking, and an outdoor patio. It's a great place to hit up after eating at one of the many good restaurants in downtown Lakeland.
