A friend of mine took me here to see a comedy show. It was a fun time. I blacked out after the third comedian because according to our bill we had 23 fireball shots. Two weeks later and my liver is still itching, but it was worth it. Someone got me to my hotel safely, and whoever it was I want to thank you. I did wake up naked so I may or may not have had a good time after that.
When my friends first suggested trying Winners Circle, I was skeptical. I had already established a goto sports bar for football games. However, I threw in the towel and went with my friends. I shouldn't have. Although my friend enjoyed their wings, I ordered the Supreme Nachos and was severely disappointed. The cheese was cold, movie-theater nacho cheese and the meat was also cold and tasteless. However, the service was the absolute worst part. My friends and I asked multiple times for water refills without receiving them, waited a good 20 minutes for our checks after asking for them, and even had a bug floating around in the beer tower my two friends wanted to share. I will never come back here and I advise other yelpers to stay away.
Food was pretty decent service not so great. Waited about 40 minutes before we got our 20 wings and nachos. After we got done eating we waited another 45 mins just to get a check. Understaffed should hire another waitress if that place gets busy. This is the second time we came here hoping it was a fluke the first but I'm assuming it's poor management. Decent place for wings but don't expect to be in and out within an hour plan on staying there minimal 2 hours.
By far the best Sports Dining experience around!! Bill Alcock and his staff take excellent care of their customers!! They have the best wings around!! I visit there every Thursday for their trivia night!!
You know I've been going to Winner's now for as long as I can remember, and I found this review I did two years ago. I sold the place short, Winner's is definitely one of the best places in town. Over the past few years since moving to their newest location (right across from Krispy Kreme on S. Fla), they have continually booked some of the funniest comedians, best bands, most incredible bikini contests. This place has been a wonderful source of memories for me & my wife. Not all those memories revolve around partying either, some of the best include the gigantic heart of the owner Bill Alcock. Seeing his vision come alive with his charity FINS, & being able to be a small part of impacting lives through the benefits and events that he puts on to support worthy causes here in the area.
Great food great people. The wings are award winning and absolutely amazing. This has been my go to bar for almost a decade.
Really enjoyed this bar. Stopped on for a couple beers and to catch some NCAA tournament. TV' s EVERYWHERE. It was in the middle of the day on a weekday so filled with primarily retirees but great people and awesome bartender. Prices are awesome as well. Definitely a nice chilled place to hang out.
This place hands down is the best sports bar in Lakeland if not all of Florida. There must be 40 tv's and all strategically placed for a great view from any angle. This is not your typically bar food. The Philly's and burgers are about the best in the country. Not to mention how amazing and huge their wings are. The staff is friendly and after going a few times you become a regular and really get to enjoy the place. I'm not one to do reviews but after seeing a recent one by Skip I just had say something. That review needs to be deleted because I had 10 wings that were so big I could only eat 7.
This place has gone down hill in the last 2 years.  Used to have huge wings. Last night (4-19-2014), the wings were puny: half the size they used to be.  Service was very slow in a third-filled bar.  Waited 40 minutes and our wings came barely warm; which was better than the onion rings which were room temperature.  Beer was good, but we'll be looking for a new wing place.
Best wings in Lakeland, hands down. Excellent prices, especially during NFL. Plenty of TVs. Blows Alehouse, Beefs, etcetera out of the water in these regards.
Probably some of the best bar food ive had in lakeland. the wings are really good with some interesting flavors. sandwiches and burgers were great. there has to be like 20 TVs all on sports. there is cornhole outside, comedy inside and bar games. probably the only downside was the waiting staff is not the best. bar tenders aren't as knowledgeable on drinks. overall, i always enjoy my time at Winner's. i will go back and bring friends and family every time.
Tonite I had the Medium wings, these wings are almost the size of fricken turkey wings, HUGE, and they taste great, these are Awesome.
THe wings are the best! Anywhere! We used to live in town and come with the kids. Now that it's turned into a "comedy club/bar" still have the wings but no kids at night .really limits what families can do on the weekend. Take out was fast. I liked it much better before the 9pm curfew!
I'll say this, as a bartender she was pretty and friendly. The clear liquid in the bottle she dragged out, declined then went back to could have been many things. It was not Dry Vermouth. It was the only help she got from her colleagues; if you want to call that help. It appears they have no 'well' gin there. They do have plenty of water in their ice so letting the shaker sit on that bar for a couple of minutes was rather redundant. I could identify that slightly oily Tanqueray flavor, and at one point in the five minutes elapsed between putting the liquor in the ice and serving it she asked me if I wanted olive juice. I managed half the product, paid and tipped her a buck. No point in punishing her for no training.
Ordered wings for take out... Went to pick them up and it was insane.  No place to park.  No place to pick up food.  No organization what so ever.... Super disappointed; I left after 10 minutes of trying to figure out how to pick up my order with no wings....
Placed an order over the phone Sunday night; wings and fries, side f celery and blue cheese. Drive over to pick up and pay, left a tip even though I was carrying out. The place was empty there couldn't Have been more than 6 or 8 patrons, so .... busy they were not.  Get home ready to enjoy our food and there are no fries.  again the place wasn't even busy and they can't check an order before they box it? Called back and waitress on the phone got defensive, put on a so called manager who was as big a loser as she was and all he did was say 'well we are not perfect and we do make mistakes, do you want to come back?' Heck no I don't want to come back, why don't you get off your derriere and diver them? It's your mistake, you should fix it. I told him to just go ahead and credit my card for the value f the frees and tip, his response was that he doesn't have the authority to do that and had to get with another manager. really? What a crock .....
