Food is pretty good had some wings and steak and cheese. Bar service is on point. Place could use some updates.
This place has a nice atmosphere. The wings are the best. Our server was really nice, upbeat, engaged, and had full attention on our table. Overall, it's a great place to hang out with friends and get some great drinks, I had a good time there and I would recommend it to friends looking for a good-service sports bar with some flair.
My Name is Cris ,   I am the new GM here at MOJO'S and I am approaching my first 90 days . I did not want to post anything on here until I was comfortable with the operations. I assure you that Mojos is back to being Mojos again. We are continuously striving to improve. If you ever have a problem please contact me and allow me to fix it; 863-583-9119. Check out our Mojo's Facebook and see what's happening. Like the page and you will be able to receive updates on our events. Thank you for taking the time to read this.         Sincerely, Cris Rodgers
My sister and I stopped to have a late lunch and decided to sit at the bar since it was a beautiful day.  Our Cobb Salad was good however the service was horrible!!  The bartender was only concerned about the gentleman sitting across the bar.  We actually had to get her attention to order a drink and then again to take our lunch order.  We won't be visiting again and have suggested the same to our friends.
Mojo's had decently good service, cold beer, and good food. That's all you need in a restaurant/bar, right? I would come here again. Also, Friday nights from 9-11pm is Ladies Night. Ladies drink free. Bring your girl and you'll get bonus points!
My friends decided to try this place out. The dining area is pretty big and cheerful. We were immediately greeted by waitresses who were cute without strutting the slut-factor commonly seen in generic chicken-wing restaurants. This made the place family friendly and yet provided eye candy for the boys (and some girls). Someone tell me how so many girls under one roof have such perfect hair. Someone ordered fried pickles. I did not like them much. These pickles were long strips with a thick breading. Fried pickles are traditionally served as lightly breaded thinly sliced circular chips and there is no need to change this. My friends liked the wings. A lot. The menu had a Polk County Burger that came topped with pickled jalapeños. I did not understand the connection of pickled jalapeños to Polk county. Between me and the chef, one of us is lacking imagination! Also, the burger was advertised as a true test of manliness. I think a better test of manliness is raw jalapeños. Maybe a real man will try a burger with those. I went for a regular burger. The meat was a little dry but otherwise good. The fries were pretty good. The service was prompt. I will be back.
I blame the management. We arrived at 8 pm. At 9:40 pm, I had to tell the manager that our food had not yet arrived. The kitchen was woefully unprepared as was the serving staff. Granted, we were a large party of 16 but we called a week ahead and they knew to expect us. Rather, they should have known to expect us. 1 - While our server was slammed and could not keep up, 2 other servers were just sitting in a a booth and chatting. Where is the management and team work? Not here. 2 - I ordered 2 pitchers of beer to get us going: why our server chose to only deliver 1 until I had to ask for the 2nd is beyond me. Again, we were a very large table. 3 - Mean drunk people sitting at the bar insulted me several times so the clientele is not making up for the staff here. 4 - So much more.
Mojo's is on 92 heading East out of Lakeland.  It opened at 11 for lunch and I was the only customer for five employees.  I'd come for a salad, but they have a fun menu and I found myself lusting for a burger. They delivered a basket of warm homemade potato chips and some peppery ranch dressing while i waited for my order.  The 1/2 lb burger came as ordered, medium rare and delicious!  They deliver it with a six-pak holder of condiments and just the right amount of lettuce, tomato, red onion.  This sandwich may just have taken the #1 place away from Chili's.   I chose baked beans for my side.   They make their own "four bean baked beans"--again delish with fat butter beans, red kidneys, northern and who knows the fourth.  Well-balanced broth, best I've had anywhere.  Great dill pickle spear, too.  All for $6.99 plus drink. I took a star when the attentive waitress shorted me .38 in change without acknowledging it--a small amount but integrity with my dollar is important. Menu has wings, ribs, salads and all your fun foods--nachos, shrimp, a Polk County burger......  Live bands Fri, Sat.  Patio that is heated with propane orchard heaters.  Has lots of drink specials, bike nights, poker nights to attract customers. Attached to a Mojo's Liquor Store Probably does a booming night business.
My wife and I eat here twice a week. Usually there is no problem. Tonight, however was a joke! We placed our order for wings, and 15 minutes later a party of 6 walked in and ordered their food. They ordered wings also and got their order before us. I asked the manager to check on our order and expressed our dissatisfaction. She walked off and several minutes later our order showed up. The wings were not fully cooked and the waitress gave us a bunch of excuses which included; the wings were bigger and they needed more cooking time, everybody was "cashing out" and that's why the wings weren't fully cooked,never once asking if she could take them back and make it right.The manager finally came back and gave us 4 wetnaps. Gee,Thanks. If Cori had been working tonight, this wouldn't have been dismissed so smugly. It will be awhile before I spend another dime here!!
Meh... I went there today for the wing special and NFL games. The wings were not bad (on the small side). They did not have any decent craft beers on tap, so I just drank Bud Light. The service was decent, but there is nothing special about this place. I may come back occasionally, but not on a weekly basis to watch NFL.
Service is terrible, slowwww bartender, wings are ok, this place wouldn't make it if there were other places to go close by! We definitely don't recommend it.
Last month I tried the Polk County Burger. The jalapenos really set this burger aside as a favorite. I called in and the service was great. The French dip is a good change of taste!
ervice was horrible food was ok
