We were here last night for an evening shopping/dinner thing. This place has everything you could ever want. Hundreds of shops and stalls and restaurants and everything else. There is a huge parking lot and it's within very easy walking distance from any entrance. The only downside for me was the state of the gents' restroom. It was howling!!
#173 Two stars. This mall probably deserves more but it is a major pain in the butt to shop here. The problems are several and the first isn't even it's fault. This area is under served as far as shopping is concerned. One mall for Brandon, Riverview, Valrico, Lithia, Apollo Beach, Ruskin and probably even parts of Tampa. The place is always packed, everyday is like Christmas and Christmas is, I don't come at all. Another problem is the screwy parking layout. It's tough enough to find a space but the one ways make it doubly tough. It's between two major roads, Causeway and Rt 60, not easy to get to or around. On the plus side it has the stores you need and a lot of them. Some nice dining options and a very serviceable Food Court. Hopefully the new mall planned for the Big Bend area in Riverview will relieve the crowding. Since I live in Riverview I'm hoping the new one will have what I need, if not back to Brandon (sigh).
I have lived in Brandon for most of my life and it's amazing for me to see what this mall has become. It was 1993 when this mall first opened and it is no where near how it first was. First off, this mall has pretty much everything you need. From Apple to The Gap, it's basically perfect. (except for an Old Nay. Seriously Brandon, when are you going to get one?) That being said, traffic is ALWAYS a nightmare. Anytime my mother wanted to go there I would moan. I hate it. Also, it's pretty hard to navigate which stores are where. There are alot of places to eat though, so if you are looking for variety, this mall has it. The traffic and parking situations are really what bring it down for me. I'm not a fan of fighting tons of crowds to spend my money.
I don't know why the DOT hasn't stepped in and required the businesses including Westfield Brandon to do something about the traffic.  After finally finding a parking space, the mall is clean and well kept including the bathrooms. That's about all I can say.
Great bookstore overall . It was laid out just as you would expect. The store has a huge magazine section! Staff was very friendly. I will definitely be going back for more book purchases.
I remember when the mall opened, it was your typical mall, since then, it's truly expanded, adding a huge upscale food court outside, with The Cheesecake factory, a brand new Bahama Breeze and the like.  They've got everything you could want in a mall, from jewelry stores, to fashion stores, to boutiques for gifts to high end fashion, and everything in between. It really is a shopper's paradise.
Good mall with some nice stores and food court. But let me tell ya the worst parking/entrances and exit ever. Around the holidays I would rather get shot in the face than attempt to go to this mall. If you live here you know exactly what I'm talking about...   Ugh!
Unless you're reviewing a mall in downtown Detroit, I'm not sure how anyone could give this a subpar review. It's a mall. It has everything you'd expect, teenagers running around and sharing a soda with their first boyfriend/girlfriend, parents with kids in strollers, people that look like they belong on the cover of a magazine and normal people so the rest of us don't feel left out... As far as the stores, the place is packed and has just about everything one could expect and some things you might not. There is a carrousel in the middle for kids, a family center with couches and a flat screen tv for families to rest or husbands/boyfriends to escape to. The food court is better than most and there some pretty great restaurants/bars that you can walk to. As far as parking, it's a mall and malls are packed with stores and restaurants and malls and restaurants attract people and people drive cars, so yes...parking will always be difficult. One of my favorite holiday traditions is to fill my car up with gas, head down to the mall (early) and repeatedly put my car in reverse or hit the brake pedal and then stop and repeat. You'll learn a lot of new words and hand gestures as cars wait and finally pull off. You may just find yourself to be less bothered by the fact that your significant other (and your credit card) is spending all of your money in the mall. At least it is a nice mall though...
I like this mall but can we please talk about the traffic getting in and out of this place??? Also, I wish they had a few other stores- Zara, Urban Outfitters, H&M.
I will admit I only have one impression of this mall and the surrounding area, but it's not the best one. It was easy to get to ( from Tampa/Seminole Heights) but it led us to believe there must be nothing much else to do in Brandon. Parking & traffic were a Capital 'N' Nightmare. We did have a few brief moments inside and I was impressed with the size of the mall. The walkways were wide. There was a nice mix of shops & restaurants; but while I had full bars, trying to look anything up on my phone was next to impossible. We have friends that are moving a bit south of here (River View) so I might be back to give it a fair shake, but it will probably be quite some time before I am.
I love this mall. It has a little bit of everything that I need. I love that there is an Oakley store, because it is crack to me. The food court has the best selection of food that a food court can offer. You have the all popular Chick Fil A, Chiptole, Five Guys, Chinese, Japanese, Sushi, and more. They also offer good sit down restaurants like Red Robin, Cheese Cake Factory, Bahama Breeze, Grill Smith, and CPK. They have all your normal shops plus a tattoo parlor, sports store, apple store, craft beer bar, and more!!! The mall is normally clean and well looked after. The traffic is horrible at times which makes it a nightmare to go to. But on a normal day it is not bad. The complimentary valet makes these hot Florida summers bare able to go outside.
Pretty big mall, they have a food court and a cluster of nice restaurants as well. If you're an Eatty McEaterson like me, that matters.
- Cool mall, lot's a great stores   - Carousel in the middle for kids - Cheesecake Factory - Panera Bread - Big bathrooms - Chipotle Mexican Grill - A lot of parking
4 stars for the mall itself- a lot of great stores that I enjoy.  Well laid out, clean.  Also a lot of stores on the surrounding perimeter that I can knock out some errands at (Target, Bed Bath & Beyond, etc).   And 1 star for the traffic/parking situation.  Holy crap- on a Saturday afternoon, the loop around the mall becomes a giant grid locked traffic jam.  Don't expect to get in or out of the mall fast.  Funny thing is- there were plenty of parking spots- and the mall itself didn't seem particularly crowded- seemed like everyone in the Bay area was just either coming or going to it.   I don't think I will ever return to this mall on a weekend!
I really enjoy going here to visit the Apple Store.  It's very convenient to park and then go in the back way.  They have tons of shops and some really good restaurants, Cheese Cake Factory and Bahama Breeze are my favorites along with Five Guys for a quick burger.
Brandon Mall is in the perfect location and easy to get in an out of unless their is traffic. With that being said the traffic alone can keep you waiting upward of an hour during prime time and holidays to get around or out of the mall. As for the mall itself it is "revitalizing" itself. It has opened a few newer stores and restaurants that are helping to keep the mall updated. They have a decent size Macys, Dillard's, Sears and JcPenny. I personally love Macys and this one is a little lacking.  There are a ton of stores and some really nice restaurants at the mall as well!
Took my younger daughter here today to get a little jump on the Christmas shopping. (Am I allowed to say Christmas, or is it not politically correct anymore?) This is a nice mall, quite expansive with a number of quality, well known stores. It is very clean, inside and out. As with some of the other reviews I looked at, parking seems to be a challenge at best, and a potential nightmare at its worst. I will come back here after the holidays and see how it is then.
One of the better malls in this area by far. There are a lot of popular stores here (Aero, Hollister, Windsor, Abercrombie, Dick's, Dillard's, Macy's, JCP, Victoria's Secret, Lush, Sephora, etc). The food court options are pretty awesome (Five Guys, Chipotle, Chick-fil-A, Subway, Chinese food) and there's also a few restaurants like Bahama Breeze and Cheesecake Factory (my personal favorite). The only thing about this mall that I absolutely hate is the traffic. It's right off of I-75 and it is a nightmare to get in and out of this place pretty much always, butespecially at the peak of Tampa traffic. The parking situation is pretty crappy too and it's really busy - not somewhere to go if you're looking for peace and quiet, but a definite option if you're looking to indulge on a shopping/eating expedition.
Love this place. A bunch of stores. Food court and restaurants are really appetizing. The restrooms at times could use some more attention but for the most part its pretty nice.
This mall has great stores inside. A great variety of the most popular stores. The access to the mall is difficult but much improved with the new goronto lake road opening. Hopefully that will make for smoother exit and entering, especially with the light. The mall is very clean, well taken care of with tons of bathrooms. Food- the selection in the food court and the back court is awesome. Some of the best places in town, Bahama breeze, Cheesecake Factory and more. This mall is super kid friendly with many kid zones and play grounds. Parking is wide but tricky near the food. I've never seen the valet open but I heard its free on weekends. Brandon is lucky to have such a great mall!
I've been to this mall twice and each shopping experience has been rather pleasant.  There's are tons of stores in this mall, so don't confuse it with one of those old school shopping malls that only have like 10 stores.  I love that it's pretty easy to navigate and is located near several restaurants.  The parking is pretty vast so no worries there.   You'll find that there are several of the more affordable stores in this mall (namely for women) and a variety of cheap shoe stores with fairly cute options if you're "ballin on a budget".     This mall is not too big, not too small...it's just big enough to give you a sense of adventure ;-)
If you're a somewhat fashion-conscious female with a shopping addiction but a tight budget, this is a good mall for you. I've been going here since I moved to Tampa a few years ago and I'm always satisfied with the selection of stores and the overall experience. I would call most of the stores cheap to mid-tier quality with a splattering of nice stores, which is good enough for me. If I wanted ridiculously overpriced designer items I would go to International and if I wanted so-cheap-they-fall-apart-upon-washing items I would go to University. Brandon is somewhere in the middle. And despite the affordability, they keep it clean and upscale enough (*cough cough* UNIVERSITY MALL). Previous reviewers are right about parking and traffic. The mall is awkwardly located in between the expressway and the I-75 exit, so it really messes up traffic, especially during rush hour. And during other times, it's like a mini rush hour just to get back on to Route 60/Brandon Blvd. Actually, it is a huge pain to get in and out no matter what direction you are going, and somehow whenever I'm in Brandon but NOT at the mall, I manage to take some random road and still find myself in the mall access road. The parking can get crazy during the holidays, but if you have a truck like I do, you just park on the grass somewhere. Most recently, I parked at what I thought was the closest entrance to the one store I wanted to visit. It turns out, it was the furthest possible entrance. There are no shortcuts here, since certain wings loop around others and only have one entrance that starts at the end of another wing. Mall power walking FTW! I actually like Brandon Mall and will definitely be back again soon.
Lame parking with only a few weird entrances, but this is definitely a family-friendly mall. Two play areas, along with a carousel and a couple of family/baby areas (with changing stations, TVs, and little mini-playrooms) make this a great mall if you've got young children and don't want to be outside with the heat and mosquitoes.  Parental danger zones, however, include a Disney store (although it's easy to bribe your kids into not liking this one, International's Disney Store is way better), StrideRite, and Gymboree... of course, all located near the play areas. And while it doesn't have the highest-end stores, any mall with two Starbucks, a Gloria Jean's, and a Five Guys automatically gets bonus points.  Hit it up early, tire your kid out, and then go enjoy a well-deserved latte.
I have lived near Brandon for years, so I appreciate the updates this mall has gone though. I love their restaurant/bar selection and store selection. I can usually go here to get what I need for any type of night out, outfits for work, or just accessories to complete a look. I appreciate that they offer family bathrooms, but my complaint is that there aren't enough. If you happen to be in a store halfway between the family bathrooms, good luck. You'll be walking quite a while! And if you're there later in the day, they're never very clean.
The mall is so nice. I love how there's a two story carousel right in the middle. The food court has a good variety of food and it's not too big to where looking for a seat could raise your blood pressure. I especially love the Family Lounge where I can change my daughter's diaper rather than having to change her in a crowded ladies restroom.
This mall is BANANATOWN cray. The parking/flow of traffic is impossible. I do not look forward to coming here at all, but there are some stores that are not at the mall close to me - so gotta suck it up sometimes. Besides the stores, there is a nice restaurant row and big food court. It's pretty huge so take a peek at the directory and come up with a game plan. Also note that DSW does not have a mall entrance.
This is one of the most difficult malls to get to... with twisting, trailing roads going all over the place and people trying to run you over.  There is access from Brandon Boulevard and the Causeway, but the roads still manage to give me nightmares.  When I used to competitive shop more often, this is the mall I would always visit while shopping the junior's and young men's stores.  For personal stuff, I come here to shop shoes and cosmetics.  Their clothing selection is just so-so. The food court is very impressive with a free standing bar for Pho and one for sushi.  There is also an outdoor food area with popular restaurants.
I remember being ridiculously excited when this mall was about to open as I was 11 or 12 and thought I would spend all my teenage time hanging out at the mall a la "Mall Rats" or some such thing. As an adult I have to say I have experienced better. Although the mall has grown with the addition of a new wing recently I find the whole place badly laid out. Many of the stores have a better location in Westshore Mall or International Mall in Tampa. (For example the JC Penney's Store here is ridiculously limited in selection compared to the one in Westshore Tampa.) The mall was designed to be in the middle of a traffic circle so expect a little bit of traffic (or sometimes a LOT of traffic depending on when you go) getting in and out. Parking is plentiful but gets better or worse depending on what store you try to park near. Parking near the new wing is generally a bad choice right now. Park near an old wing and walk around, you'll have better luck in parking spaces that way.
If you're looking for a Mall that has every store imaginable to suit your shopping needs, this place will satisfy your need.  In addition, they have almost every type of chain restaurant imaginable to suit any person's tastes.   My main gripes about this mall are its ease of access and parking along with layout of the mall since its expansion.  Be prepared to hunt for parking or walk a bit if you decide to venture into this place.  The layout of the mall is very confusing and easy to get lost in with its multiple sections that have been built out to accomodate the plethora of stores it houses.
What's up with the flies in the food court? omgsh, be sure you have one hand free to swat while you eat. We looked around and it was comical how everyone was swatting away while trying to eat. AND THIS IS INDOORS? More we thought of it the more we got grossed out. Nice mall but don't think we will be eating there again.
Mall is clean and usually not too crowded on a normal day. They way it's designed, its a big circle, to get to a point on the other side, you would have to walk to the middle then back to the other store, cant cross over . But if you're driving and just want to go to a specific store, its easier to park near the lot where the store is located.
This is a nice mall. I have another mall that I live closer too but I rather drive to this one when u want to go shopping or when my friends want to hang out. Food court here is nice, you can stand in one spot and look around to see all your options. It's nice that there are some kiosks that sells snacks foods too. Parking doesn't seems very available here though!!! It's hard to find a good parking sport and even worse is getting out of the parking lot once your ready to leave. Seems to only have two exits!entrance. Only one that is near the freeway though, and this exit is always backed up!! Very annoying especially when your already ready to be home!!
It's near my temporary housing while staying in Florida so I've been here quite a bit.  Yesterday ess crazy busy because of the holiday season.  The one thing I hate about this mall is leaving...the traffic is always crazy trying to leave.  The design was not set up good for the flow of traffic, so expect to wait while trying to exit.  Because of this reason I normally only come on weekdays.  I've been to several of the restaurants here, like have several chains such as cheesecake factory, red robin, Bahama Breeze, California pizza kitchen.  They have an awesome carousel in the mall and the kids love it.
This is a great mall with a little something for everyone. They don't have many high end stores- about the highest end stuff they have is Coach, Bebe and Lucky Jeans. I have a feeling most people here aren't interested in much more than that. Most people would be happy with the variety of stores including: Abercrombie, American Eagle, Apple, Books a Million, Dicks, Disney Store, Forever 21, Victoria's Secret, Guess, Hollister, Gymboree, Hot Topic, Lush, PacSun, Spencers and all the major anchors you'd expect. There are two Starbucks but it would have been nice if they'd had a Barnie's Coffee instead. The Food Court had a Five Guys, which is awesome. There were many Asian-type places that all seemed to be serving variations of the same thing (Orange and Bourbon chicken, anyone??). Extra points for having a Great American Cookie Co. Outside there is a Cheesecake Factory and a sampling of other sit down restaurants. The mall is super long- it feels like it's about 1/2 a mile one way. The parking lot is immense and was surprisingly full at 7pm on a Wednesday. The mall has a nice, wide walking path so it didn't feel crowded inside. There are two playgrounds for the kiddies, several fountains with strange looking animal sculptures and an awesome 2 decker carousel. The carousel has unusual animals like pandas and horses with fish tales. All in all a great mall.
I love this mall.. its always clean, it's nice! It has a lot of stores that I like.. The food court is really good, plus it has really nice restaurants like The Cheesecake Factory.. The outside of it has a bar, a Japanesse Steakhouse, pizza place and Mexican food.. There's an Apple store there, two starbucks, it even has a vintage carousel it is beautiful.. One of the best mall around here :)
I usually go to West Shore Mall or International Plaza, but I had a Groupon for The Body Shop and the Brandon Mall has the closest Body Shop. The entrance of this mall sneaks up on you.  We got a lot of dirty looks when we merged into the turning lane at the last minute.  The parking lot is non-existant!!!  I'm not sure why they haven't expanded the parking lot... We drove around the mall for twenty minutes before we could find a space.  We weren't even attempting to park close to the doors; we would have taken any spot! The selection of department stores and boutiques are good, but nothing to rave about.  I thought the layout of the mall is a bit weird and I had trouble locating stores.  The parking lot is a disaster that I never want to experience again.  Will never shop at Westfield Brandon Mall again!
Nice mall it has a variety of stores to choose from and a decent food court. The parking is a little off and there is traffic congestion to get back on 60. But all in all a great mall.
Let's face it Brandon is becoming more popular by the second. While I like this mall I would love to see more upscale stores such as Williams-Sonoma here. Not that I can afford to shop in Cartier YET I still like looking at all the eye candy! The restaurants and atmosphere provide a great time here none  the less.
We went last Saturday night and it was BUSY! I like this mall because they have pretty much anything you might want. Westfield Brandon has more stores than Westshore in Tampa. They have a variety of department store to choose from. The Macy's at the Brandon mall is very nice. I also like that there are sit down restaurants at the mall. The mall can be a little confusing if you are visiting for the first time. It is very long and curves around, making it hard to find some stores. They also need more mall maps to find your way around. I wish they had better access though. The entrance/exit off of Brandon Blvd. is always backed up and creates a mess and a long wait. However, the mall is very nice and clean.
Large variety of store and eateries
This mall has improved so much in the past couple of years.They added an entire new wing with tons of new stores such as Quicksilver, Tilly's, a Books-A-Million store (which I love), another Starbucks to divide some of the traffic in the all, Dick's Sporting Goods, and some other upscale places that before you would only find in the International Mall in Tampa. They even have an arcade inside the mall now called Tilt with old school Sega games and various other arcades that I am so happy to find there. They added a sushi bar to the food court and the arrival of the Cheesecake Factory and other upscale restaurants has attracted lots of people to the mall. Watching it grow has been awesome.
Great mall overall but I wish they had an Old Navy!  The dining/bar area is a great place to eat or grab a cocktail!  My one big negative about this mall is the traffic in & out of it...especially at busier times.  I will drive across town during the holiday season!
It's a nice mall. I don't go here often bc I live next to the Shops of Wiregrass. My last visit was to see the fireworks for 4th of July. they were good but short. We were hungry afterwards, and I will give props to Ruby Tuesday bc they stayed open until their said closing time, and thus they got all the business.  I'll be back on a rainy day when I can't walk outside at Shops of Wiregrass. There are lots of stores that you will see every where.
Love the mall...but where's The Gap in here?!! I know that before they got all fancy with their restaurants and "add-ons" of stores, they pulled The Gap out of the mall. WHY???? They need to get it back and pronto! If people can afford to shop at Ann Taylor, then they certainly can afford The Gap! Other than that...2 thumbs up!
It's a small mall in a small town. Got all the regular department stores and other stores as well. Pretty much just a typical regular mall. Not bad.
Great mall! Horrible parking, especially during the holidays. InDecember they always block certain traffic flow entering/exiting the mall, makes traffic horrible! They also don't have anOld Navy, pretty bummed about that.
This mall is a pretty good mall,  It has all the normal stores a mall has plus a few extra.  I know most malls don't have a Dicks Sporting Goods or an Apple store in them but this one does.  It has all the main department stores like a regular mall though.  The food court had a great variety of food but I think they need to make it a little bigger in a bust day you probably wont find a table.  The have been expanding on to the outside of the mall adding a Red Robin and a few other new restaurants.  They are also making the new sections of the mall really nice.  They do have the younger crowd that comes to the mall and that's why  try to come here when they are at school.  Plus it is usually a lot less crowded earlier in the day.  Overall this is a pretty normal mall.  I like coming here to shop for those things I cant get other places.
The low rating is mainly due to accessibility, although they are in the process of some road expansions so hopefully that will help. Just like mostly everything in Brandon they are always over crowded. Parking there on the weekends is ridiculous with many people having to pop the curb and park in the grass when the spaces run out. Also leaving there can take up to 20 minutes just waiting in line at the light to get out via Adamo Dr, I recommend exiting via Causeway Blvd, it is usually much less crowded over that way. They have all your typical mall stores and a decent variety of restaurants outside including Cheesecake Factory, Grill Smith, Bahama Breeze, Ryuu, Red Robin, Cali Pizza Kitchen, Panera, and a few more and decent food court if you're in a rush. They have an Apple store which is convenient and a Sephora. I wish they would get an H&M already though! It's best to come on a weekday to avoid the parking hassle and crowds.
My favorite mall to shop at in the Bay Area.  Great stores and dining options.
Worst parking and access roads EVER! Shops are mediocre. Taking a half hr to get out makes no sense!
Even though it is a little hard to get too.... This is a clean mall with a nice atmosphere.  Good shops to pick from ( they even have an apple store) and even better restaurants and bars.  Shopped there recently and then ended the day by eating at California pizza kitchen with some quality beers at the Brass tap for "dessert".  Needless to say it was a GREAT day!! ;)
I love this mall! They have a huge selection of stores to shop at including your big department stores like JcPenney, Dilliard, Macys, and Sears.  There are many "name brand" stores, affordable stores, kid stores, sports stores, accesories, jewelers, etc. There are a variety of great restaurants located at/ in the mall including CHeesecake Factory and Bahama Breeze in addition to a decent sized food court if you're looking for a quick bite to eat while shopping.  It's clean and very accessible from major highways and roads.  My only gripe is the parking and traffic.  More often than not, it's a huge project to get into/ out of the mall parking lot and to find a spot.  Of course this sometimes depends on the time of day but if you work like most people, it's very crowded when you have time to go to the mall.  My advice would be to park by the less crowded entrances (Sears is the least crowded entrance) and just walk if you are going during the evening or on weekends,  otherwise you will be driving around forever or parking on the grass.  Unfortunatly, there is no way to avoid the traffic to or from the mall so just know you will need to be patient.  And the road around around the mall is one big circle so be careful!
Everything you could want from a mall! A lot of people commented on the layout being inconvenient...I have to disagree. It's a mall. There is walking involved from one end to the other and to and from your car. All malls are like that, this one is no better or worse.
I do not go to the Brandon Fl Westfield Mall very often, but when I went recently, there is a SERIOUS problem with parking and traffic jams INSIDE the mall parking areas!   There is a small number of entrances to the mall, and we sat in a line of about 20 cars waiting to exit the mall for over 20 minutes!  There are people getting angry, frustrated, blowing horns, like a New York City traffic jam!  There are people circling the mall trying to find a parking spot for over 30 minutes.  There were cars parked up on grass parkways, parked illegally blocking isles, it was so shocking to see this!  This was not a big shopping holiday, from what my friends tell me, this is an everyday occurrence in this mall.  I cannot believe the people of Brandon will tolerate this unsafe situation.  If there were an emergency, an ambulance or firemen would have a terrible time getting in or out of this congested mall.  The parking areas need to be expanded and the number of entrances to the mall need to be increased before something tragic happens.
