So, I mentioned to a coworker one day that I had never been to Kohl's.  She looked at me like I was crazy and told me that I needed to go there that day.  Taking her word for it, I went and checked it out. Holy cow, this store has everything.  And for cheap.  They have a huge clothes selection.  They also have home decor items, kitchen accessories, shoes, etc.  I come here often to buy K-cups for the Keurig Coffee Maker because they are a lot less expensive than most other places that I have seen them.  It has also been my go-to stop for new shoes, as they are really cute and frequently on sale. They often lure you back with their Kohl's Cash deal, which is basically money to spend in the store in the next week, based on the amount that you spent that day.  Tricky tricky - Kohl's.
Love this store. Had not spent much time at this one before and surely missed out. The variety and selection is some of the best I have seen with Kohl's. They always have huge clearances going on and you can search through the racks of 60-75% off and find some great bargains. I got several really nice tank tops for $4.00. Even if I only wore them once it is a great deal. They have Vera Wang and Jennifer Lopez collections which I love and can always find awesome items in the clearance racks as well. A great benefit of Kohl's is the money back program. Every time you spend $50 you get a $10 Kohl's dollars.  They do have specific dates you can use them but no minimum purchase is required. Just spend $10 and your purchase is free. I have gone in on the last day and really didn't need anything so I gave it to someone in line with kids. If it helps them them I feel good. Love Kohl's and will continue to be a patron for many years to come. Would like to figure out the schedule for their items going on clearance though as I would be the first in line.
I love Kohl's.  Good quality items,, always on sale and I can pend hours looking for clothes for the grandkids. Whenever I need something last minute I head here.  Always find something,, sometimes that's the problem, find too much stuff.  Even got great deals on kids toys at Christmas time. Good prices, Good stuff.  Cracks me up when they say,, you saved $75,,,, I just laugh and say "No I didn't, I spent $125 !!!!  Couple the sale prices with coupons and your Golden... and if you are really lucky they are giving Kohls bucks out ($10 for every $50 spent in a coupon that you can use on anything!).   This time the baby clothes I was looking for was 50-55% off. I had a coupon for an extra 20% off and another coupon for $10 off baby clothes.  BINGO !!  My future great nephew is getting a lot more clothes than I originally intended to buy !  Did I say I love this store?
Large store with a great selection.
Good store. I usually find what I'm looking for clothing wise. There are always sales to help on the budget.
I love kohls and I love this location. The hours are very convenient. They open early and close late. There are never long lines. The prices and sales are nice with occasional coupons. The shelves are a bit disorganized but that shows how popular they are. With clothes. Shoes, home goods and kitchen accessories they have almost everything you can need besides food. The store has two sides to park on which is so nice for close parking and easy access. The store is well organized and clean. The customer service is pleasant, I like the price check points located throughout. It's easy to shop here! I will be back to do more shopping especially for the holidays. I'm also a big fan of the kohls cares books!
FYI, I just came from Kohl's here in Brandon. I went to buy lipstick from the "Flirt" collection. The sign on the shelf said $13.50 however, on the box the lipstick comes in, it is labeled sug  price $12.00??? So Kohl's is selling the lipstick for $13.50 but the maker sug to sell it for $12.50. ? Expect great things??? More like expect a price-up...
I love this place! It's one of the best places to shop. They have really good sales! The people that work there are always willing to help! Even when I do not have coupons or discounts they always manage to give me a lil something, I hardly pay full price for any item. There are things from all prices, but since the sales are good, then you find really good deals. The parking is great... they have two doors, and the area is close to Brandon Mall and many places to eat. It's also a really nice, clean neighborhood... I always always go back :)
I would consider myself a regulat Kohl's shopper. I love their selection and variety of departments.  You can find just about anything here. The prices are very reasonable and everything is almost always on some type of sale! Kohl's does offer even more sales and savings for Kohl's credit card holders so if you are a regular it is beneficial to have this card.  They also offer Kohl's cash quite often. You receive $10 to spend in store at another time for every $50 you spend.  This deal is always time sensitive and does not take place everyday. The store is very clean. There is plenty of parking. The lines can be long depending on the time of day you are shopping there. I shop for clothes, shoes, kitchen ware, bath and bedding, and even holiday decor here and i am certain i will return!
Love this store!  They always have fantastic sales and if you have the Kohl's credit card they send you all sorts of mailers for discounts.  The Kohl's cash is a nice perk as well.  The staff is always very helpful..
I enjoy shopping at Kohls because I know if I have a problem I can return my product without questions asked. I did have to return some items on this particular trip and I had lost the receipt, however tho they gave me the lowest price on a store credit.  The staff was courteous and helpful. My shopping experience was enjoyable as usual when I visit Kohls.
