Went here twice in our visit to lakeland! Great trails, a lot of wildlife (especially gators when you go down Alligator Alley). Only complaint was that Alligator Alley seemed to be unmarked and took a while to figure out where it was. If you go down Heron Hideout and turn left at Marsh Rabbit Run, that is Alligator Alley. 100% free fun! You could spend hours here.
I've been coming here for numerous years now, but never left my review. This place has grown into a very popular outdoor park with new activities, buildings, & other unique things. Parking is easy, nice drive through the woods, very nice buildings filled with knowledge, and the overall area is well kept. A great note is: FREE parking & no fees!! Some places charge a fee to experience the nature due to the work involved keeping the place up to par. However, this place does not charge. There are numerous trails on this property that will keep you busy for hours. You will see alligators, birds, snakes, boars, & wildlife animals out here. There are warning signs up to keep you informed about the wildlife. There are no gates or fences blocking you from the wildlife at here. You can get very close to an alligator out here. I strongly advise caution though. You can walk or bike on the trails as well. I enjoy walking slow because you can find gators hiding in some areas in the lake and ponds. One trail has an old windmill off to the side. This is the perfect place to catch some fresh nature air, look at wildlife, share moments with your family, talk about the animals, & get some exercise as well. Each experience will be different because you do not know what to expect from mother nature. One time I seen a mother soft shell turtle laying her eggs right on the trail! She didn't move or fight me off as I watched her. Another family was explaining to their child the facts of life. Come on out here to experience once in a lifetime moments.
What a fun day! As a geocacher, I knew there were quite a few geocaches to be found here. My girlfriend and I spent a few hours here on my birthday. We brought our bikes and hit the trails. We first stopped at the sign in desk. The gentleman at the desk was very helpful with giving me directions with the trail map. The first one took us into the woods and eventually a big field. We saw a mama boar and her babies. I got scared at first and kept some distance. She soon left. After that, we took a trail by the lake where we could see some large alligators floating in the water. We also saw many different birds. I'm not sure of the name, but one was pink like a flamingo. After that, another trail took us by smaller ponds where we saw smaller gators chillin' in the sun. If you enjoy geocaching, hiking or bike riding come here. I'd like to go back again.
Circle B Bar Reserve is without a doubt a 5-star birding experience, and I would call it a 5-star wildlife experience.  It is 100% free to visit this amazing paradise, located at the edge of Lakeland along Lake Hancock.  You can only drive so far in, but the drive is spectacular with lots of large trees flowing with Spanish moss.  There are picnic areas along the drive as well.   The drive eventually ends at a parking lot and a discovery center.  There, you can pick up trail maps and choose your own adventure.  You're basically guaranteed a gator sighting along the trails here, especially on warm, sunny days.  This place is St. Tropez of the reptilian variety.  Definitely check out the path they call "Alligator Alley."
Ok, this is a great hidden gem to check out.  The hiking trails are incredible and the wildlife you will see (including alligators) can not be beat.  Even on a somewhat chilly day we saw 5 large gators.
It's the best place for Photographer. I live in Seattle and I've been to few places in Florida and I can't stay away from here. I love it.
Beautiful
Beautiful place. Lots of wildlife and well maintained trails.
