well I have been going here for years. yes in the past the course was very run down for mini golf... just went this past weekend and all holes had new turf and everything was spruced up. a couple of the hole in one chutes were in need of daily cleaning which hadn't been done but otherwise everything was new and nice. good mini golf. kinda challenging compared to others in the area.
What the hell. This place embodies the spirit that is we don't give a flying crap about what you think as long as you already spent your money. This place takes the fact that they are the only place like it until you hit Lake George to heart. Hopefully when a casino gets built around here that will change ASAP. I have 5 kids and we live in Rensselaer so I constantly find myself here, because where else would I take them for such things as go-karts and mini golf? EVERYTIME I am there the men's bathroom is downright disgusting. I am not talking dirty sink and floor, I'm talking pee all over and just a disgusting mess. We had 2 birthday parties there. The 1st one the employees ate leftover pizza that we told them we would be taking home. The 2nd one they overcharged me, neglected to even give 2 hoots that a girl in the party got rammed by an older boy and just kicked her off the go kart track without even a refund of the ticket. We had to wait 10 minutes for an employee to get to the bumper boats. Not a big deal with this one but the free t-shirt size was only available in 1 size, small. So 1st time we were refunded for the pizza. 2nd time refunded for the overcharge, given a new shirt, and a $40 gift card. That's awesome right? Well I told them anything large or greater would suffice for my daughter, so they send me a medium. It takes a lot for me to permanently end a relationship with a business but this is one of those times. After I use the $40 card, I am more then done. Its obvious they don't care about their customers so that's it for me.
Simply put, the Funplex in East Greenbush should change its name to the Shitplex. This place flat out sucks. Not only does the place look like a downtrodden wasteland but the functionality of all the 'attractions' corresponds to the look. Everything is a kitschy broken piece of used garbage and the rickety stuff that children are supposed to play on looks more dangerous than fun. The miniature golf course is amongst the worst wastes of time you will ever encounter. Minigolf is supposed to a fun care-free activity, yet when the poorly design holes do nothing but play against you and create impossible shots, it's more frustrating than it is fun. The holes are cheaply made and look shoddy and ripped apart. The little bits of minigolf that you are supposed to shoot for (windmills, secret passages, tunnels) simply do not work. If you hit the ball down the 'yellow brick path,' instead of going toward the hole, the misaligned bricks make your ball land in the mulch instead of the putting green. The balls got stuck in various pipes and the overall layout is simply pathetic. Further, it looks cheap and the impossibility of some of the stupider designs cause gridlock on the course. Avoid the golf course. The batting cages are a disaster. When the tokens don't work, you'll have to ask an attendant to fix the situation. They must be used to this because they readily offer you free plays. However, the free plays sometimes only throw 5 pitches compared to the 20 that is advertised. The strike zone is nonexistent and the pitch speeds vary. It's more of a guessing game than a batting cage and even so, it's unreliable. The go-carts suck. Perhaps I received a bum cart, but an obese man who was texting (yes, texting) was able to zip by me even when slamming on the gas. In any case, the worker were indifferent and I puttered around the course miserable. I didn't try the food, but from the looks of it, I wouldn't recommend to anyone remotely concerned about their personal health. There are a few other cheap kiddy attractions that look pathetically beaten down. If you hate your children, this is the place for a birthday party - otherwise you'd have more fun across the street at the Price Chopper.
A very fun place for outings with the family and friends, which is open April through October. Funplex offers Adventure Miniature Golf, Go Kart Speedway, Mini Go Karts, Bumper Boats, Bankshot Basketball, Batting Cages, Rock Climbing, Bungee, Gyroscope, and Bouncy Bounce. Each attraction has a separate charge, but you can do everything with the $40 Funcard (about the same price for each separate attraction added up). For specific details, visit funplexfunpark.com I've been here several times over the years with groups of friends and on dates. We'd play rounds of miniature golf ($5.75 adults/$3.75 kids) on Mystic Lagoon on a warm summer evening and then head over to Lickety Split's for cool refreshing ice cream treats afterwards. What a blast with lots of memories! Can't wait to have another group outing soon!
The husband and I took my step-daughter here one day to kill some time.  Overall, I found the place to be a bit pricey.  We opted for the package that included a few different attraction for maybe $15 or $20 (I really can't remember).   Captain Hook's House of Fun, which is more of a ball crawl was a bit disappointing for the kid.  She's 7 and the max recommended age, but she really could have done without it. The Bouncy House was ok, but it had rained earlier in the day and it was surrounded by mud and part of the house was filled with water.  I think she would have enjoyed it more if it wasn't all wet - no fault of Funplex, but it would be nice if they attempted to dry it off a bit or shut it down so kids don't end up with wet pants as they come down the slide. The basketball challenge was of little interest to her.  Maybe it was because nobody told us when we bought the package that included this that we had to come ask for a basketball.  The trick shots were a bit old for her and she only mustered the effort to shoot a loose ball a few times and then move on. The Spider Mountain was probably the best thing for her.  It's a net-climb followed by a giant twisty slide.  She really enjoyed doing it, but was frustrated by the unsupervised kids that were going the wrong way up the slide and climbing down the nets and interrupting her sliding.   Really on the day we were there, I'm quite certain the staff wouldn't have noticed if we just walked in and started letting her play since it seemed that's what some of the kids (and adults on the basketball court) were doing.   The best part of our trip here was the ball that floated on water.  I don't know how to describe it really - the kid gets in, they inflate it, and then they can run around on the water in a bubble and not get wet.  That was an extra $5, but easily the best money we spent.  It looked like a ton of fun and if the line wasn't so long I would have considered doing it myself.
A multi-activity outdoor amusement center which has very good variety of activities and friendly staff but somewhat indifferent maintenance and middle of the road bargain for the buck in terms of entertainment value. The activities they have are: Adult Go-karts (for kids 56" and up, too) - decent small track, cars work, they maintain order well. Fun. Note they have two karts with space for a passenger, good for a parent driving with a smaller kid passenger (you can be less ahtn 56" to be a passenger). Kiddy Go-karts (for little kids from about 3-10) - surprisingly fully-functional, our crew managed to handle them fine on a short track. Batting cages: baseball from 35 MPH up, softball 40 MPH up. Tired equipment and machines that kept getting clogged, and you're just hitting into a net. Nice to have but below average for a cage complex. Advantage: 21 balls per token, two tokens for $4 card punch, so you can do the math and figure out how cheap it is. (10 cents a ball, more or less). Mini-golf: on the big plus side, an originally-designed course with a funny nautical sinking-boat theme and a lot of character; on the down side, extremely poorly-maintained ("hole in one" chutes resulted in stuck balls, there was wrinkled astroturf everywhere, they hadn't bothered to sweep off leaves and such off the greens so half of them were unplayable). Less fun than a barrel of monkeys as a result. Rock-climbing: standard tall rock-climbing wall that can take two at a time. Bungee-Trampoline: wasn't entirely certain the safety restraints were enough here, 200 lb weight limit which eliminated me about 9th grade. Hamster Balls in the pool: this is where you go inside a transparent person-sized beachball and cavort about, very fun for the middle-school and below kids. Bumper boats: we didn't try this because you really have to expect to get wet, but it looked like a lot of fun. Bankshot basketball: courts need a lot of spiffing up, and they don't have an automated scoring system, so it's more of a quick fun goof but I like the schtick. G-force spinning wheel: we didn't try this here but have done it elsewhere, can be fun, but no direct report. Little kid stuff: Dinosaur bouncy house - slightly larger than usual bouncy house with multiple rooms. Climbing and ball area with tunnels - smallish but still fun for the very little ones. "Spider Walk" - climb up webwork and slide down (tougher for really little kids) - was closed for maintenance twice while we were there so the fun factor vs. safety factor is a little questionable. Each of these cost between $3 and $6 per go, and you can get a "Fun Card" for $40 for ten attractions of any sort. This was a bit expensive to my mind but the staff were easy going about giving extra time and chances when the lines weren't bad. There wasn't a ton of waiting on a holiday, but the set-up they have for issuing the cards takes up too much time needlessly - basically one booth to go to to buy your ticket/punch card, and you also have to go back through line (sometimes) to get hands stamped or equipment or coupons or what have you. And they have a staff that sort of roves among the attractions, so you may have to go to the booth and wait for them to call an attendant over to the thing you want to try. There's a soft-serv icecream place way up in the front with pretty standard stuff, and you can buy drinks at the ticket booth for $1.50 each. I was very, very annoyed by the fact that all the drinking fountains, on a very hot day, were all turned off, and I'm considering this as a factor in whether I go back; I don't have to have to spend a fortune to hydrate the kids next time on top of the admission fees. The verdict from the younger members of the set was that they enjoyed it and would come back for some of the things, but it wasn't theme-park-enthusiastic. Which is about what you'd expect for a middle-of-the-road day out, maybe more expensive per kid than the movies but with outdoor activities that mostly required some physical play, probably better for them.
Funplex Funpark? More like the lameplex lamepark. I have been here a couple of times and my experience has almost always been the same. There are many terrible things about this facility. 1: There are only maybe 5 employees at max 10. 2: Most of them hang out in the back where tickets are sold. 3: There are only about 12 things to do. About half of the activities available are meant for little kids under the age of 7. 4: $6 go carts. Really? They only go about 10mph. Lame!!! 5: Sometimes it can take maybe 10 minutes for an employee to get to where you are (Which activity you're at.) 6: The Ice Cream stand at the top of the hill.(No, they don't sell ice cream in the concession stands so you have to walk a 5th of a mile to get some.) My sister ordered some and what she got made her puke all over the back of the car including the cup holders. (Ew!!!!!!!) 7: The bungee trampoline cord is extremely tight on me. It makes your "area" hurt real bad because the employees tighten it real bad. 8: The spaceball (To some the gyroscope) hurts real bad after you get in. It can leave bruises on your shoulders and it REALLY hurt. 9: I went in the bouncy house once and it was wet. The stuff in it is in my opinion recommended for kids 7 and under. 10: I personally like batting cages but not these. These batting cages allow 20 pitches for about 2 dollars. When I'm batting, the cage runs out of yellow baseballs. (Yes they're yellow because they were probably peed on. Lol!) It took more than 10 minutes for 1 employee to come and fill up my cage fully. I hate writing terrible reviews about places I've been to, but this place definitely deserved a 0 out of 5. (Since one's the lowest you can rate a place, I gave it a 1.) This place is also really expensive as I mentioned earlier $6 for go carts. The only affordable thing that's worth getting is the $40 funcard which allows you to do any 10 activities at the park. So, if you're looking to spend $100 or more and if you really hate your kids, Funplex Funpark is the best place in the area for you to go to.
I have unfortunately been to Funplex many times as a client of mine likes the go-karts.  The people who work here are the epitome of unprofessional.  Most employees are teens/early 20's and on multiple occasions I have had to sit in my car because a cluster of them is hanging out, smoking cigars, at the area where they collect tickets for go-karts.  When I complained to the woman behind the counter, she said she would talk to them, though she did not while I was there and they were doing it again about a week later so it didn't seem to make a difference. The minigolf facilities are in poor condition, so your ball swirls around the cup instead of going in and the greens are trashed.  The area for little kids is a bit better, but not enough to keep them entertained for very long. Overall, WAY too expensive (six bucks for a 5 minute go-kart ride around a boring track?), poorly cared for, and poorly managed.  Don't waste your money.
You know the Spongebob episode where Mr. Krabs builds Crabbyland to hook in the customers and it's a falling down mess? Well, if you have your chance, go to Crabbyland instead of FunPlex.
