Went the today for the first time and had a great experience. We've been doing this T25 workout for 10 weeks and it has taken a toll on my entire body, especially my back. They got me in same day (and same time requested). I checked in, filled out paperwork, was taken back to a tranquility room (which is just a dimly lighted room with some aromatherapy and water) and was greeted by Angela about 5 minutes later. Angela was awesome. Full body, and worked all kinks out of my back. It was so good that I came home and fell asleep watching TV. The intro price was $49 but unless you become a member, the price is $80/hr the second time on from what I understood. The place was clean, relaxing, and everyone I came into contact with was very friendly.
The therapists are amazing, but the management and front desk are entirely too rude. Noticed the manager and a front desk associate getting attitudes with a therapist right in the lobby in front of other customers. Also, noticed a roach on the wall in one of the treatment rooms. The place is dirty, the managers are rude and the contracts are bull. Never going back.
We have returned and our visits have been much better 10/28/2014........................................­..........Rude management on Sunday, June 22nd, 2014. Cancelled our massages for the following day, blamed us for them not having the right phone number, after they had confirmed the appointments prior that day, then treated us with disrespect to the 100th degree. I will never recommend anyone visit this location. The manager on duty was extremely rude, disrespectful, and condescending.
This place as awesome!!  I wanted to set up a Massage for a friend of mine and they did it for me with no problem!!!  I am all the way in Afghanistan and they hooked my friend up with an awesome two hours!!  Thank you guys for being very understanding and having good customer service.  Because good customer service is very rare nowadays!!
During my recent visit, me and my mom got hour-long massages which were both amazing. They have a special introductory price for new clients, and then they give you the option to buy a membership, which allows you a discounted massage each month. (The only downside was that it does have a bit of a corporate feel, but since it is a widely known chain, I don't really feel that I can criticize them for that.) Also, the place is huge, so there really isn't a problem booking a same-day appointment, and we were able to have side by side treatments at no added cost, which a lot of spas do. If there was a location in NYC, I'd def get the membership!
After playing tennis today this is a perfect time for a sports massage to relieve my body with therapy. The customer service and massage therapist are extremely professional. I would suggest Tracey or Charlotte for deep tissue.
Although the massages are great and the therapists are very professional and knowledgeable, the administrative customer service at this location lacks basic good business practices. Once you enroll on a monthly package the administration makes it very hard and nearly impossible to cancel your subscription even when you have completed the contract. They lack good business ethics in thoroughly explaining that on a monthly contract you are required to fulfill the term - they do not have a cancel anytime policy and purposely do not make it clear. The manager is never available to take any calls or in-store visit to cancel a contract. The promises delivered by the front staff regarding taking care of your account or cancelling automatic renewal are empty promises. It is a shame that such good massage therapist service is shadowed by poor administrative performance. Both the customer and the massage therapists deserve better administration and front of the house service. The monthly membership is not worth it unless one consciously makes the commitment to never cancel the membership. Otherwise it is better to pay as you go.
I went to Massage Envy Lakeland last night and it was horrible!! I should have walked out after the first 5 minutes. My wife also had a trigger point massage with Steve and said he was professional and he helped her pain considerably. If they try to give you Nancy...RUN!!
