WOW! Now that's what I call jazz! Classy, but not too classy. That is, their bathroom is clean but there is a photo of Frank Zappa taking a dump to keep it real. I will return often to see live music.
Pausa Art House is a new, salon style cafe in Allentown with an added twist.  Thursday through Saturday, Pausa hosts some of the greatest chamber music going on in Buffalo - from classical music to fresh off the press pieces, some of the world's best performers will be passing through Pausa's doors in the future. As a cafe, they are open 10am to 2pm, with great coffee (and cheap!), cleverly named and well made desserts (who doesn't want to eat a John Cage sandwich?), and free wifi.  Yes, another beautiful place to come and do lots of work! The interior is absolutely spectacular - with wooden floors, vintage furniture, and a vibrant color scheme.  Quite comfortable, calming, and well suited to the old style of cafe living.  Also, visual artists are displayed on the walls in exhibition - the current one is quite good with many pieces to stare at for hours and get lost in. As a performance venue, I can already say that it is superb.  In the coming weeks, many different kinds of concerts will be occurring, including Eric Huebner, the principal pianist for the NY Philharmonic, on March 15th.  And if you're thinking - hmm, I don't know if I like classical or contemporary  music - well this is the perfect place to get acquainted again.  Performances here are intimate and powerful, again carrying on the salon culture of past cafe life.  And, the variety is intense - everything from Beethoven to Jazz and after.  A great mix and curation of music.  (Performances are Thurs-Saturday starting at 8pm, check their website to see the groups performing.  Also, I should add, that for 99% of these events, the cover charge is $5.  Only $5 to see two hours of amazing music.) if this reads like an ad, well, it's because I love the idea of this place and that is now exists.  A mingling of culture, music, coffee, art - a much needed addition to the life of Allentown as an alternative to the bars and bustling restaurants.  A place like this adds to the cultural development of Buffalo, adds support to the already thriving music and arts scenes, and provides a meeting place of ideas, thought, and performance that will help the community grow.
Beautiful renovation of a building I passed every day without notice. Very friendly staff. I went for a tango show: Russian accordian player + senior Argentinian citizen singing diva! What a pair! Neither spoke eachother's language, but played together cohesively and improvisationally. Very entertaining, and for five bucks, a worthy price for a night in a new culture. I'll be back!
Nice setting and ambiance. Wine selection wasn't so hot but it was a nice change from most of the places I visit. Music was pretty good too, first time listening to "chamber music" live for me.
I had never heard of this place until my roommate had to go to a performance for one of her classes.  It is a very nice, cozy place.  The food was EXCELLENT.  While they don't have any beer on tap, they have about 10 varieties of beer.  We did not get any wine as neither of us are big wine drinkers.
Dear Pausa Art House, Thanks for pouring your heart and soul into this new building, cafe and music space. I love all the work done to craft a beautiful wooden bar and all the eye-catching artwork you procured all over your walls. I know you got a little bit of flack for taking over the old Sugar City, but don't worry about it. There will always be that. Your coffee is inexpensive, yet so tasty that I am happy to drink it black. Sure, it was brewed a little strong the first time, but you listened to my feedback and made it super-smooth the second time when I came back. I love it when I'm listened to. And your sandwiches? That Puccini with marinated eggplant, cheese, roasted red peppers, and imported salami? It was large, toasty and I even ate the whole thing, despite me personally not being a huge salami fan. The chips that you added were nice and unexpected, but I would like some salad leaves or something a bit more healthy (sliced apples?) next time. I left the cafe in desperate search of water. It would be a nice touch if you asked me if I wanted ice in my glass next time before scooping up enough ice to build a small igloo in my glass. I know it's standard to do that here in America, but you want to continue to stand out as truly an exemplary place. The concert I attended? It's really cool that you provide such a lovely space for musicians to experiment here in Buffalo. Thanks for doing that. I would have loved to hear someone on the microphone welcome the audience a little bit and interact with us a bit more. I can't wait to be back and look forward to your success in Allentown. You owners are such lovely people -- I had a really good time talking with you. If you're thinking about stopping by this place? My suggestion: stop thinking and check it out.
