Walked in and I was greeted by the owner what can I say a great sarcastic I'm the best attitude but you gotta love this guy seems more like a local Brooklyn establishment rather than something I saw driving around in Albany. Now I'm a picky guy  and this guy tailored my Gyro to my exact specifications also said I suck because I don't like onions but in in a condescending way. Listen to my advice when you go there have a conversation with Dave he will make your day. The food: can't say enough one bite and I was like wow  got up and shook his hand Listen up Albany do your self a favor GO TO DAVESBURGER  plain and simple
Pricey but you know what money or food, you need the food and you need it good. Juicy Lucy with Chef's special touch. Good fries, the drinks were from bottles but hey good enough I came for the burger. Dave was great when I was there and he waited our table for my brother and I.
This place is straight-up odd the moment you walk in the door, the epitome of Indian-American cultural clash, with straight-up 80s classic rock on the radio, but wicker camels, 3D framed photos of golden retrievers, and a fantastically diverse paint scheme.  Then there's the menus- four people at our table, but I see nine menus.  Ok.  Signs everywhere with neat use of the English language.... All of this combined, you KNOW the food must be something because, well, I have it five stars, and everyone else did too, right? Flipping phenomenal.  Juicy Lucy perhaps takes second place only to my betrothed, and even THAT is a close competition.  Bottomless fries with seasoning, great.  But my lord.... That Juicy Lucy.  I vote an upsize option on that bad girl.  Sweet mother of God, I need an excuse now to find myself again in Albany. I don't leave a lot of reviews... But I had To for this place- if only I didn't live 900 miles away!
I want to Dave's on the recommendation of Yelp, as is always the case I wasn't disappointed.  I ordered the Juicy Lucy burger with the chefs special sauce.  The flavoring was exotic but extremely complementary to the beef which was is of the highest quality  The bottomless french fries which accompanied the burger were again unique and wonderful.  The check for the meal and drink was $20, very reasonable considering the quality of food.  About the only negative I can give the place is that the size of the burger had left me extremely stuffed and guilt ridden.  Not an ideal location for the diet Conscious.  One more note, if not for the Yelp reviews, I would never in a million years have stopped at this place. It just goes to show, you cannot judge a book by its cover.
Great burger and fries joint...small with no frills. Food: 4.5 Drinks: 1 Service: 3.5 Atmosphere: 2 I ordered the Kobe Juicy Lucy burger, chef style. It was incredibly rich and the burger was very good. It is a bit expensive but definitely worth it and filling. The resteraunt is actually a converted mechanics garage, so it is very small. However it has been very cleanly appointed. Also, you will probably be interacting with the owner/chef/waiter/host Dave, very outgoing and eager to please customers. Don't let the size turn you away, it's a must try!
Felt like a burger and Dave's was intriguing cause on yelp it said Indian, burgers. Thought it was a bit pricy but once the food came, forgot about that lamb burger masala was excellent. Cooked just right. Fries not oily, just the right amount if spice. Hubby had the pakora masala and found it to be more than plentiful. Fresh, moist and not over cooked. Definitely a go back to place. Yes, Dave was very friendly and felt like he was an old friend. We wish him a lot of luck.
Amazing burgers. I love the Juicy Lucy. Dave loves to talk. if you are looking to have a conversation with anyone other than him, go somewhere else. He has some crazy stories, and I find him very entertaining, but he is totally not for everyone. I've never had the Chef's touch on my burger, but my fiance always does. It's chopped onions, tomato and some seasonings. My fiance has had lion (Dave discounted it to $30 or so, so he charges a huge markup for it), camel, crocodile, python, kangaroo, giraffe and llama. The giraffe was his favorite. The lion is excellent also.
Amazing burger and great fries.  A bit pricy but definitely worth the money.  Finding places like this is why I use Yelp.   Don't eat here if you are in a hurry.  Dave runs a one man shop and good food like this takes time.
First.  Unlimited Fries and free bottled water with your order.  The fries have a nice spice to them.  Though we usually both like ketchup with our fries, we didn't use much ketchup with these fries.   My wife had the Pakora veggie burger.  She said it was excellent.  Though she rarely eats the whole plate at lunch, she finished this one with gusto.  Being the first time here, I played it safe.  I ordered a non-exotic burger and a gyro.  Both were very tasty. The chef/owner is very passionate about his cooking and the flavors reflect his Passion. We will be coming back and will be more adventurous in choosing our next entrees.  Don't hesitate to ask the chef for advice on ordering.   The dining atmosphere looks plain / subdued, but don't let that sway you.  This place is about the flavors and making sure you leave well fed.  Enjoy!
Best burger I've ever had!! Juicy and huge, worth every penny! Everyone at our table absolutely loved their order. Dave was really friendly, no idea how anyone could have had a bad experience with him.. Next time I'm in the Albany area I will re-route my path just to try another burger from here!!. I didnt have anything too exotic - although perhaps next time I'll test it out ;)
By far the best burger in the Capital District. This place has a crazy owner and an awesome selection. Rare is served rare, Dave has perfected his technique over 20 years experience in cooking ground meat. Fries are great too. Atmosphere is hilariously divey, there are spiritually uplifting eastern philosophy placards everywhere, and there are paper towels right on the tables a la Hooters. A sign on the bathroom reads: "Please press once. There is soap, it is clear, and comes out. Thank you." Notes like these are one of the many quirky personal touches that Dave adds to his establishment, and it shows in the food and his general attitude: ("I have no fear. You can't run a business being fearful.") Fantastic place. Just don't bring your mother here and don't bring a date. The potential sight of you devouring these burgers in 14 seconds would be too much to handle.
Dave freaking rocks and so does his burgers.    This is an experience and if you're short on time I recommend coming back when you're not.
I've never been to a more unique restaurant. The menu consists of ostrich, wild boar, python, rattlesnake, rabbit, elk, kangaroo, antelope, lion, goat, camel, and llama. For the more daring, you can sample the testicles of most of these animals. I didn't feel very bold, so I went conservative and ordered a python burger. I was very pleased. The meat was a little tough, but it tasted very similar to frog legs, which happen to be a favorite of mine. The spices and special sauce were a very nice touch as well. One extreme caveat is that eating snakes will give you the runs. I felt like I was pissing out of my ass. If you can look past that, then i would fully recommend the python.
Clean. Friendly. Lots of menu options. Actually, too many menu options. I needed some help figuring out what I was ordering. For example, I ordered a gyro. Ok, but which gyro? Um. The paper menu has one, but there was at least one other on a chalkboard somewhere. So, I was asked to order by price of the item to be sure I was getting the right one. Between $6 for a standard gyro and $15 for a lamb gyro, I decided to go the less expensive route the first time around. I was told the menu used to be 5 or 6 pages but it was cut down for delivery. Since delivery has just been nixed, the menu will be growing again. I fear that will do nothing but further confuse people considering the substantial variety appearing on two pages...and a multitude of chalkboards. More explanation on the paper menu would be better than more unexplained and confusing options/varieties. I imagine Dave was the dude behind the counter, but I don't know for sure. He said he doesn't know how to sell low quality food and that the local papers will list his place as having the best burgers in the area when they publish their ratings. We'll see. In fairness, I didn't have a meat burger. I tried a pakora burger ($6.99) with the chef's touch ($1.99) and it came with fries. It had a good taste, but a not-yet-done texture. It was certainly not a $9 burger. It would have been nearly inedible without the chef's touch sauce on top to balance the dense pakora. The fries were rather good and probably the best part of the meal. They were cooked properly and had a seasoned salt on them. A little less of the salt wouldn't be a bad thing though. The gyro ($6) was served with lettuce and yogurt sauce on a flatbread. It wasn't a pita nor was it a wrap. It seemed to be an in-house flatbread creation. Sadly, the flatbread was underdone and doughy. It seemed like it could have been very good if it had been cooked properly. There were two pieces of meat rather than the three or four you might find in a diner and a lack of tomatoes and onions piled on top that I expected to be there. Worth it for half the price as a snack item. Not worth it for the price being charged considering the size. The pizza ($2/slice) was ok. It would likely be a good contender in the local pizza market if it wasn't underdone. I'd buy a large pie ($7) in the future and ask for it well done, but the slices were small enough that they weren't worth it. I was told the food would take 7 minutes. I didn't time it, but I didn't feel like I was waiting long. I would have waited an extra few minutes if it meant the food would have been cooked properly. Everything seemed a little expensive considering the location and decor. I have a feeling if he lowered the price a little and added the chef's touch (or similar toppings) to his menu items for free, he'd get a lot more business and make up for the difference in price rather rapidly.
This is not a meal, it's an EXPERIENCE. From the moment you step in, you are welcomed instantly by Dave who is prepared to swap life stories with you and share his passion for a truly flavorful meal. The whole experience was something to be remembered, and you are bound to leave with a few stories to tell. Try the Kangaroo Kebab Burger and the Camel Burger, spicy spicy!
Daves is great. The burgers and his sauce are amazing, and you get free unlimited fries and water bottles.  Ive only tried a few burgers, as the exotic ones can get a bit pricey, but theres something for everyone on his menu. My usual is the six cheese grass fed beef burger and it is incredible, and very satisfying. Also the added benefit of supporting a good local business that serves REAL food.
This place makes my stomach turn, even though I've never eaten here. And here is why. First we thought the concept of exotic burgers and pizza was insane, kind of like offering  blowfish at a BBQ joint. It's just wrong. But then we decided to give it a shot. But it's changed once again from an exotic burger and pizza joint to an exotic burger/Indian place. Why not just exotic burgers? Why the twist to add something totally unrelated to the mix? It makes me question everything about this place. Next, the burgers. The signs stated that about 10 different exotic meats were freshly PULLED. I'm assuming they mean pulled from the freezer. I didn't see anyone else in there at 7 pm and the thought of exotic meat being shipped from who knows where, thrown in a freezer for who knows how long then thawed for consumption where there are very few customers makes me uneasy. Frozen, thawed meat doesn't last long. My dining companion and I decided to leave without ordering since we didn't want to risk eating frozen/ thawed mystery meat from who knows where even though we had the intention of eating more common meats such as rabbit and lamb. But the thought that they had ready to cook giraffe, lion and other exotics made us say no since they can't seem to pin down what it is they do. Maybe I'm being overly cautious as I've heard nothing but good things about the burgers here. I guess I'm just not ready for this. I'd like to give this place a one star review but since we left without ordering or eating I'm bumping it up to 3 stars out of courtesy and for their unique yet questionable offerings which i could try. I am a carnivore and like all meats but exotic meats in Albany in the form of burgers just made me want to run from this place.
I met Dave years ago (when he still owned Burger Centric) when I came in for one of his controversial burgers. Even then, Dave got many mixed reviews, but I'll try to clear up some of the conflicts so you can form your own opinion. I'll also tell you he has never compensated me for a review, nor would I ever let him. This is my real opinion, biased only by the fact that I think Dave makes a damn good burger. Dave is passionate about food to an unusual degree, and that has, in the past, made some customers feel a little claustrophobic. While you eat, he will check on you, ask you how you like your food, and gratefully accept constructive criticism. He is always interested in what his customers want to eat and will customize anything, in any way he can. Many times I have come in and been overwhelmed by the selection, so I've asked him to make me something great, or something that he likes, and it has always been excellent. If you want to be left alone to eat in stony silence, steer clear of Dave's place. He is gregarious and treats everyone who walks through his door like an old friend. Since I never hesitate to tell him what I think, he always remembers me, and usually has some new concoction to serve me. I am an adventurous eater, though, and I love trying out recipes while he's still working out the details. Beyond Dave's style of friendliness (and his lack of willingness to take crap from nasty people), the biggest complaint I have heard about his burgers is that they are mediocre. Well, you can order your burgers here in two ways: plain, or seasoned. The seasoned is "chef's touch," and my, what a wonderful seasoning it is! Plain meat tastes like plain meat. Sure, it's good, but unless you are ordering Kobe or something, it's not likely to be much different than a burger you might fry up at home. How could it be? That's the limitation of the meat itself. But if you let Dave work his magic, it is just that. Magical. Dave does things with burgers that I can't even begin to describe. The pizza Dave makes he tells me comes from an authentic Italian recipe, so it's not like NY pizza. Rather, it's more of a home-made style. Thin, sometimes irregular in shape, very good crust (and I often skip the crust on other pizza). As with everything else, customizable in any way you want. With this most recent endeavour, Dave has added several meats to his menu that are even more exotic than Burger Centric had to offer. Among them includes the lion burger, which has stirred up a lot of criticism of late. But just ask Dave about his suppliers and he will tell you. He's a conscientious guy and he cares about the sources of his food as well as his customers. So, if you don't want to eat a lion burger, simply don't. The fact is that lions are not on the endangered species list no matter how much you insist they are. Furthermore, they aren't wild. And as for now, they are perfectly legal to eat in this country. If that ever changes I have no doubt they'll be removed from the menu. In the mean time, if you are interested in a totally new food experience, I can't recommend the lion burger too highly. Dave graciously brought out a small amount of the uncooked meat for me to look at and smell. It looked fresh and it smelled unlike any meat I had ever come across. I asked him to season it only lightly, so I could be sure to taste the meat. The taste is extraordinary! I would not hesitate to say that it was the best burger I have ever eaten. On this particular evening, we also tasted the rattlesnake burger, which was ever so rich and delicately flavored. Again, unlike anything I've ever experienced. So, if you can pry yourself off your high horse, give Dave's a try. You will not be disappointed if your mind is open to (non-vegetarian) culinary adventures.
Burgers were good, Greek fries were great. Owner friendly ,took me and my friends order, I order the bison gyro ( got a burger), friend ordered the Marsala burger. Again they were good, only customers were us and a group of 6 gentlemen. Pricey for lunch menu has exotic meats made into gyros or burgers and sandwiches.
Dave is the nicest restaurant owner I've ever met!  He will come out to talk to you, cook and serve your food, make sure you enjoy it!  My husband and I got the ring burger and stick burger and both were great... the fries were great too!
Oh man. I got the Marsala burger and not only was it amazing and probably the best burger I've ever had, but Dave was so great! You get fries and bottled water for free. The fries are super tasty, covered in spices. Dave asked us how we found the place and when I mentioned Yelp, he didn't know what it was. I proceeded to show him the reviews and he reacted energetically to all of them. I figured I would write him an awesome review since he has a wonderful personality and his food is delicious. The quality of the food is incredible compared to most burger joints and you can get some crazy things like kangaroo burgers, ostrich burgers, and even python burgers. His beef is quality grass-fed beef and although it would be expensive by regular burger standards, for the quality and amazing service I received, the prices are almost too cheap. I'm definitely coming back here again and if you go here, make sure you have a conversation with Dave. Just a side note: only Dave works there since he wants his customers to be happy and he hasn't found a good enough employee to work for him, so don't worry if the burgers take a little long.
I finally got the chance to check out Dave's Pizza and Burgers, namely for the chance to try out one of the burgers featuring an exotic meat.  Yes, they serve burgers featuring such "exotic" meats as ostrich, alligator, kangaroo, elk and lion.  While the lion burger was out of my price range at $75, their other exotic burgers are more reasonably priced.  I decided to order an alligator burger, topped with lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo, and it was quite tasty.  I declined to order the Chef's Touch, which is a blend of olive oil, garlic, ginger, onion and tomato sauteed with a special blend of seasonings (quoted from the take-home menu that I took with me), but I may try that next time. While waiting for my food (I went during an off-peak period, so I waited roughly 5 minutes), I had noted their other menu items.  They do have burgers with more traditional types of meat, vegetarian burgers, pizza, subs and even Indian cuisine, so there is more to select from besides wild game.  While I probably wouldn't go out of my way for a meal here, I certainly welcome a return trip.
Stopped in to this new place after running some errands and discovering that Dewey's was closed (not sure if this is temporary or permanent yet.) Dave's is right across the street [Previously this was Mama Mia Pizza] and had a sign for a '2 slice pizza and soda' deal - regular for $3.75 and 'gourmet' for $5.75. I went for the regular (cheese only) after determining that 'gourmet' meant ' with toppings'. The pizza was thin crust style and had a pretty good crust. Nothing spectacular. Apparently this place specializes in exotic meat burgers. I did not try any yet, but they have some diverse options on the menu, including a lion burger for $75! Other options listed included Kangaroo, Alligator, Python, Elk, Camel, Ostrich, Rattle snake. I am sure this will have a very mixed reaction depending on what kind of 'animal lover' comes in to their place. ;) $3.75 pizza deal is good but they refused to allow cc payment citing that it was too expensive and they would not make any money on 'specials' if they took CC on that. (They otherwise do accept CC). This practice, while legal, is often against the CC company agreements and is something I find somewhat annoying.
Great burger & fries! I just had a burger and my husband had the Juicy Lucy and really enjoyed it.  My burger was a bit salty (which I will ask for him to tone down next time) but it was really fresh and juicy and the fries were really good too.  Dave does love to talk but seems very passionate about cooking and offering good food to his customers.  I won't be interested in some of the exotic meats but we'll definitely go back.
This like Burger Centric needs to be experienced by any serious burger lover.  However, you should be aware of a few key points: 1. The environment and overall level of service is not as polished as the experience you would have at a place like juicy burger or five guys.  Although this restaurant is a major step up from burger centric, it's still an old pizza place that obviously hasn't been completely overhauled like those two Albany spots.  For example, Five guys has a shiny new coke machine with a touch screen that lets you pick flavor shots while Dave's Pizza and Burger has an old school sliding glass door cooler stocked with a random assortment of RC cola and Stewarts beverages. 2. Dave is incredibly passionate about his food and loves to talk.  You will not be able to just order a burger and eat it quietly by yourself.   To me this adds to the experience but it can certainly turn others off. Ok so why would go here when you could just go to five guys with their awesome soda machine?   Because very simply Dave knows exactly how to cook a burger perfectly!   When asked "how would you like that cooked?' you need to not spit out "uhhh medium well", and just defer to Dave's judgment.  Let him prepare the various meat exactly how he feels it would be best.  Just ask him.  I made the tragic mistake of ordering the Bison medium well recently and as a result it was just ok.  When I have ordered the Bison in the past and just let Dave keep it juicy I was rewarded with a truly great burger.     The Kobe burger is pretty damm good however it can get pricey.   The regular beef is nothing special and I feel this place is more about the other offerings, although I haven't tried any of the really exotic stuff and Yes, he is serving Lion burgers. The Lamb burger was one of the best burgers I have ever had in my entire life.  It was juicer and more flavorful than most, and I feel it's the best he offers. Enough burger talk, what about the Fries?  They are always hot and crisp but sometimes can be a little skimpy on the portion size. Bottom Line: Good, occasionally great Burgers.   If you're an adventurous carnivore, it shouldn't be missed.
Don't be scared by "exotic meats" on the sign, he's got regular stuff too. Really, really good burger! Juicy, seasoned and thick. Fries were nicely seasoned too. The place is a bit out of the way, but worth it. Seems like the yelp listing is a bit old as there isn't pizza anymore. Small place but yummy. The owner Dave is quite a character and obviously very passionate about his place.
