Great place for kids, but you MUST let them do the zipline obstacle course. Its called Tree to Tree Adventures and its only a few bucks extra when you buy a museum ticket. Well worth it!
Tallahassee Museum is more of a Zoo & History Buildings tour. It is a long outdoor walk which includes a trail and two lakes. Throw in 1 parts swamp tour and 1 parts forest, with a dash of farm life and this is what you get. Overall it is a great experience and perfect on a nice sunny day. For less than $10 this is what you can see!: The museum is split into a few sections with various things thrown into them. There is the "Old Florida" section that includes a plantation home, old style school and church, a slave home, and a little graveyard. "Wildlife Florida" contains all of the animals such as birds, alligators, panthers, or bears. Then there is "Big Bend Farm" that has a few buildings that replicate farm life. Sometimes the staff will walk around acting like they are from old times and do little showcases. I like the sheep and horses too. One thing I did not do on my visit was the Zip-Line, and it seems to be one of the highlights of it here. Throughout the whole park you can see the course running around above you. Prices for that are not bad either. This is a great little gem in Tallahassee for sure!
I'm always so impressed by this place, we've been several times. Great outdoor zoo with beautiful walkways and bridges, a lot of tree cover, a 'visiting' animal display (a bengal tiger this time) and animal encounters (got to pet a baby alligator!). Also have a great farm set up with animals and historical info about how people used to live (farm, commissary, smokehouse, garden, etc.) TOTALLY impressed by their new 'Tree to Tree Adventures,' amazing tree courses including zip lines. They even have a mini-course for the younger kids! They did it right. Note: Perfectly situated are two air-conditioned buildings: a cafe with drinks and food and an art gallery with changing exhibits--a perfect break! Additionally there's an old schoolhouse, Baptist Church, a walk-through train caboose, nature trail, playground... Basically this place has something for everyone!
We visits this museum with our 3 year old and 4 month old. I would call it a "mini-zoo" rather than a museum. There were some older buildings (farm) with farm animals. They have a great wooden playground with swings next to a little cafe with restrooms. You then can go on a nature trail walk to see more animals and dinosaurs made from car parts. We had a two seated stroller. The museum is mostly outdoors. We didn't have much difficulty pushing the stroller as long as we stayed on the path.  We had some trouble getting to the playground.  We had to leave the dirt path and walk through tree leaves and sticks. The playground area was covered in wood chips. I would like to see a better pathway to these areas. When walking through nature to view the dinosaurs and animal, it was relatively easy. You walk on either a smooth pathway or wooden plank pathway. You walk out and across a swampy area. We saw eagles, vultures, hawks, turkeys, deer, foxes, lots of squirrels, panther, wolves, bear, otters, a cow, hog, mule, horse, skunk, chickens, and swans. There was also a snake exhibit.  Most of the animals were out and active so it was a lot of fun. They have a "dinosaur" exhibits. The dinosaurs are made of car paints and painted bright colors. They are spread along a walking path. My son (3 ) really like "finding" the dinosaurs as we strolled along. It is a small park, but just perfect for us.  We took our time and strolled around looking and talking about everything. It was a perfect afternoon activity.
A little under 2 and a half hours away, the Tallahassee museum is one of the newest places in Florida to get a zip line course called Tree to Tree Adventures.  Adam and I were recently invited to come check out their zip line course which actually opened back around Memorial Day. We're both huge fans of zip lining.  Last year for my birthday, we went to the St. Augustine Alligator Farm to check out their zip line & obstacle course. Sadly, I don't have any pictures because they wouldn't allow us to bring our cameras. 6 months later we went zip lining near Helen, Georgia over the New Years holiday. I've also had the opportunity to go zip lining when I was on an Alaskan Cruise in one of only a few temperate rain forests in the world (which was awesome!). We headed to the Tallahassee Museum on a Sunday to celebrate Adam's birthday weekend. We made good timing having left Jacksonville around 10 a.m. and made it to Tallahassee around 12:15.  Adam's mom, who lives fairly close to the Tallahassee Museum, met up with us there too. We entered the first building to get our wrist bands.  We signed up for the "whole package" which includes their shorter course, Canopy Crossing, and their longer course, Soaring Cypress. The prices are really, REALLY affordable. Soaring Cypress actually includes the Canopy Crossing course, and was only $40 per person. I would say this is normally around $80 at other zip line places. We also bought a can of bug spray ($7) at their gift shop which ended up being a really good thing. I am extremely attractive and tasty to all mosquitos, so I definitely needed the added mosquito defense. The Tallahassee Museum is more than your ordinary zip line because it also is a very extensive obstacle course which one sees as soon as they walk onto the campus. First thing we did was walk to the "Harness House" to sign our wavers and get our gear.  We were each outfitted with a harness and a pair of gloves. Posted proudly right next to the Harness House are their course licenses, which is always comforting to see right off the bat! There is a minimum height requirement to enter their zip line courses. They also have a kids course for those that aren't quite tall (or brave) enough. I was eyeing the kids course, TREEmendous Adventure, because it looked like a lot of fun though I was actually too tall for their height maximum. We only waited about 5 minutes for another group to get checked in, and then got started with a quick instructional session that lasted another 5 minutes. When you zip line, you have two large carabineer clips each on their own rope that is connected to your harness.  When on the zip line course, you are harnessed to the red rope at all times with these two carabineers. The red rope is called "your lifeline" for a reason. If you need to disconnect from one red wire to connect to another red wire, you disconnect one carabineer from the old red wire and connect it to the new red wire. Then you disconnect your second carabineer from the old red wire and connect it to the new red wire. That way, you're connected to the red wire at all times. Very important! For the last part of our instructional session, we took this little zip line for a test spin to get our bearings. Earlier I mentioned how you're always connected to the red wire, The Lifeline.  This is true for ladders as well.  They have a seatbelt apparatus that you clip into for when you go up or down a ladder.  The seatbelt will slowly retract as you climb higher, but if you were to slip and fall or jump off, it'll catch you mid-air. I did not feel the need to test this myself... Some obstacles took longer than others. I really like that you can show up and start the course whenever you wanted. The Tallahassee museum doesn't require reservations. We always seem to be running late (OK, I'm always late  It's a self guided tour. This means you're welcome to proceed through the course as fast as you're comfortable doing. I am pleased to say I survived the Tree to Tree Adventures at the Tallahassee Museum.  It was a great zip line experience. I honestly had a better time than I expected to (especially since the LAST obstacle/zip line course I did was pretty frustrating). If you're heading to Tallahassee, I highly recommend checking out the Tallahassee Museum if you have extra time OR head there just for the day if it's within a day trip for you!
This is more of a mini-zoo than a museum. The main event is a nature walk around some of Florida's most rare and endangered animals, like black bears, panthers, alligators, and foxes. They have a mini-walk through aviary with bald eagles and vultures. It's a lot of fun to just walk around and learn about the animals from the educational signs. They have a snack bar if you start to feel hungry from your walk. They also have an area that tells about the history of the first settlers that lived in this region. You can walk around a train car and a few historic houses where they have set up educational videos and signs. It's all very interesting. Don't forget the gift shop!
We had such a fun time here on our last visit to Tallahassee.  This place has a little bit of everything- wild animals, living history, and giant dinosaur skeletons made out of found objects in flourescent colors.  Yes you read that right. My eight year old loved it just as much as the adults. A must see if you have the time!!
As a kid I used to love going to Lion Country Safari in VERY West Palm Beach.  It was just like being in Africa, without the pesky civil war or Sally Struthers.  You drove through the actual zoo and were able to see the lions, and the ostriches would always come and attack your car.  Once my sister rolled her window down one time and got bit in the face.  That was awesome. The Tallahassee museum is not even remotely close to being as cool as Lion Country Safari, but it is still pretty awesome in its own right.  There is a lot to see at the museum.   The Old Florida exhibit is pretty neat; with an old train caboose, a school house from the 1890's, and some buildings from an old cotton plantation.  The zoo portion of the exhibit is pretty sparse.  But, they are all pretty interesting.   They've got an exhibit with wolves that is fun to watch when they are interacting with each other.  And the Florida Panther exhibit is pretty interesting when he's not taking a cat nap.   You should really try to make it to the museum when they are doing the farm work, especially the blacksmithing.  There is also a large playground that includes a smaller area for the little kids.   I think the biggest advantage of the Tallahassee Museum is its size.  My daughter is two years old, which means that she has the attention span and energy level of midget on crystal meth.  The huge variety of things to see and do, along with the playground means that we can spend over half the day there and she is having a great time.  And by the time we are ready to go, she is exhausted and has learned something.  We purchased a family membership for $60 for an entire year.  I think it was worth every penny.
This is not really a museum at all, more of a nature center combined with  historical buildings like you might find in a State park. Presumably that is why they changed the name from museum of history and natural science. There is precious little natural science to find here. It does have a nice location, and it is certainly pleasant enough to stroll around and look at the animals and historical buildings, but I would not go out of my way to visit. $9 seems a little steep for what you get. Also, the food in the on-site cafe is appallingly bad.
If you haven't been here very recently, the new Tree to Tree Adventure is great. We took grandchildren 5 & 8 and they had a wonderful time on the rope and zip course for children. The staff members were very helpful and attentive. Since we were early on a week day and it was not crowded, they allowed an extra time through. The intermediate and advanced adult courses look very challenging, with the men having more problems with the heights than the women we observed. All the teens were managing well and having a blast.
We went to the annual Farm Day at the Tallahassee Museum yesterday and it was excellent! There were lots of people working in the farm area: wood carvers, blacksmiths, yarn spinners, knitters, etc. The best part was that they were making cane syrup from sugar cane. A really neat thing for kids is the archaeological dig where they can whack away at limestone and keep any fossils they find.  I wish I had that when I was a kid!  We also visited the zoo area - again, very cool.  I've been to zoos in major cities and this one was more fun to walk through. I wish they had more information on where the animals came from - I'm assuming/hoping that they are animals that couldn't survive in the wild on their own. If nothing else, you'll want to be sure to come here on Farm Day but if you're interested in the huge zip line course that they have their you'll probably want to check this place out asap. Seems like the zip line course is probably good for groups too. I wish we had more time during this visit, but I'll definitely check it out again.
