This really is a fun place for children and adults alike, particularly when there is a "living history" event going on, such as the "Muster" event that I attended. The Mission San Luis is reconstruction of a 17th Century Spanish mission that was occupied for about 50 years and was a place of meeting for the Spanish and Apalachee people. There are a number of buildings to tour on the property, and the surrounding trees and tranquility make it easy to forget you are in the middle of Tallahassee. First you enter the visitor's center, which includes a number of multi-use rooms for rent (events, weddings, etc.), a gift shop, the ticket counter ($5 for adults with discounts for military, seniors, children, but not college students), and a large room that features the static exhibits - pretty standard museum fare, large displays about various bits of the site's history, with the text in both English and Spanish, as well as some original and replica items recovered during archaeological digs. Our visit was on a Saturday with a special living history event, so when we left the visitor's center there were several canopy tents set up selling lunch, ice cream, etc. Then came a large traditional Apalachee dwelling (I'm talking REALLY big) that was not accessible but we were told they were repairing the structure and it will be a part of the self-guided tour again at some point in the near future. There were many volunteers in period dress, all very nice and informative, demonstrating various techniques used at the Mission. Some of these included: a demonstration of a native drink, a cookfire, a demonstration of the use of spears with atlatl, an opportunity to try out the use of a bow at a little range (including the kiddies) and demonstration of musketry at the fort at the rear of the compound. During our visit, the big finale of the day's demonstration was the firing of a cannon. I've seen a good number of cannon demonstrations in my day, but it's still always a fun experience. Other buildings include the Friary, the church (which appeared to have a rat/bat problem near the Confessional, but was still a cool spot), and a period kitchen complete with oven. In short, this a really fun place. One of the most fun history-oriented experiences to be had in Tallahassee, right up there with the Museum of Florida History downtown - a must see for locals and history-buff visitors.
Beautiful spot for a venue. The grounds are very pretty.
Love the dog park here. Wish it was a little cleaner though. it can get muddy after it rains (and everyone knows it rains a lot in tally)
I can't believe no one has reviewed this place yet. The Mission is PHENOMENAL. The place is really done well. The accuracy is amazing. The rebuilt area is dead on and wonderfully done. The welcome center seems pretty new and has great display areas. They also have an archaeology lab that opens once and a while for a tour. On the grounds, they have period tour guides showing you what went on in that location. They also gave historical information about the Apalachee and Spanish. We got there at park open, 10:00, and waited for our group tour to begin. It started with a 12 minute film, then we wen outside for the walking tour. I will update more later, but this place is great!
Reconstruction of a Spanish mission that was first built on this site in 1643 , a place where the Spaniards interacted with the local Appalachee Indians.. (via missionary activities and trade.)  A fascinating attraction for anyone  at all interested in history , archaeology, or Native American life (this was a mission for local Appalacheee Indians)..  The original structures were all burned down by the Spanish in 1704 to avoid capture by the British, but the reconstructions seem quite good.. A quite detailed exhibit in the welcome center at the front explains all the archaeological work that went into them, and there is also a film shown there which explains the history of the site in great detail.  Museum exhibits are bilingual (English and Spanish).   The exhibits do a good job of conveying what daily life was like for the Apalachee Indian and Spanish inhabitants of the area.   There is a quite nice but short nature trail here, which leads through a mixed hardwood and pine hammock down into a ravine with some natural springs (which were used by the Spanish and Apalachee Indians who were the users of this mission complex..)  It involves some relatively "steep" climbing (by Florida standards, not at all by the standards of New Mexico, where I lived before here!) Look for the red Yaupon Holly berries along the trail, the Apalachee used this to make a tea, as it contains caffeine.  Even if you don't care that much about the historical aspects, this is a very nice, tranquil place to walk around on a sunny day.. Admission is $5 a person, which seems like a bargain given that there is quite a bit to see here..
This is a hidden gem amid the hustle and bustle of Tennessee Street.  The renactors do a wonderful job of engaging visitors and explaining what life was like for those that lived there more than 300 hundred years ago.   The welcome center's exhibits contained fascinating artifacts from the site.  it's also just a beautiful place to walk around and enjoy the atmosphere.  This is a must-see for out-of-town visitors.
Good for adults interested in history and for children the costumed docents provide a good living history.  Nice place! Terrific historical site. Costumed docents were very enthusiastic and knowledgable.  I am also surprised that more reviews have not been posted for this hidden gem. Florida needs to promote their historical sites more. Some of us are interested in more than golf, beaches and Disney.  The previous reviewers have done a great job of characterizing the mission and its offerings.
