If you are unfamiliar with the area, and depending on a GPS to get you to this place, you might just drive right past it if you aren't paying attention. It's small and old school.. just like a hotdog joint should be. We are new to the area, and have been on the quest for the perfect dog since our arrival last winter. We have yet to be impressed until we came to HD Charlie's. We had been told about this place by a friend who has spent some time in the area, and had big expectations. We weren't let down. I ordered the #1 combo: 4 mini dogs with the works, fries, and a drink. They were out of peps/diet pepsi, but no matter.. I came to eat, not drink! I ordered a Dr. P and got down to business with my dogs. As previous reviewers have stated, there is a definite "crisp" to the hotdog when you bite into it. I chalk this up to the natural casing. While this is a GOOD thing, it's a little annoying at times, because I had a hard time biting through said casing, and more than once, the entire hot dog came right off the bun when I was taking a bite. Again, not a complaint, just a testament to the crispness of the hotdog. The meat sauce was actually very good! As opposed to a couple of the other places I've been to, it really had a good flavor, and wasn't runny at all. In fact, I managed to eat all 4 of my min dogs without a mess. The staff really places the meatsauce, mustard and onions just so, which reduces the mess :) The fries were OK, I ended up eating about 5 as the main attraction were the hotdogs. Good stuff! It's the kind of place that we'll bring visiting friends and family members to when they are in town!
Hot Dog Charlies impressed the hell out of me. Maybe because I didn't expect much from this local chain. Or maybe because I didn't eat breakfast and was craving my first bite of food for the day. Yes, on the Tour de Hot Dog, these little suckers became my breakfast, lunch AND dinner. Hot Dog Charlies serves up a mini wiener with its casing, yellow mustard, meat sauce and onions all on a mini bun from Bella Napoli. HD Charlies gets a few things right here. The steamed bun had some excellent chew, almost akin to some artisan loaf of bread. I also really enjoyed the dog. A light snap to the casing complete with the necessary juiciness. The dog starts to stumble as you get to the meat sauce. Much like Gus's, but nowhere near to the same extent, HD Charlies meat sauce tends to have a raw spice grit. I think this grit tends to be a common pitfall when tasting these local dogs, and any place avoiding it tends to receive high marks. If I was going for straight taste, I'd take Hot Dog Charlies over Gus's any day. Their fairly solid meat sauce and well prepared product are worth the extra mile or two needed to drive up rt 32.
If these guys could fix their meat sauce, Hot Dog Charlie's would be incredible. Our little Capital District hot dog micro-region is defined by these diminutive dogs slathered with a line of mustard, a spoonful of raw onion, and topped with meat sauce. If you were from Michigan, you would say it's like a Coney only smaller. Anyhow, Hot Dog Charlie's does great things with their buns and dogs. The buns are steamed, and the dogs are gently warmed, keeping them plump and juicy with a nice snap to the casing. But they completely fall down on the raw spice graininess in the sauce. But of the holy trinity of these joints - Hot Dog Charlie's, Gus's and Famous Lunch - the sauce holds this long beloved establishment back to second place in the great regional hot dog war.
I know what you're thinking.  "Four stars for a hot dog joint? This chick clearly has no taste!"  But you're also slightly intrigued and you want to know more.   Let's be real.  Hot Dog Charlie's is not trying to be a fine dining establishment.  Far from it.  It serves hot dogs, french fries and hamburgers, along with a handful of other artery-clogging, guilty-pleasure foods.  And with fast food prices, it does hot dogs right. I should explain that although I'm from this area, the mini hot dog phenomenon was not introduced to me until I participated not too long ago in an adventure known as the Tour de Hot Dog.  This Tour consisted of a number of hungry people, led by Daniel B., on a quest to sample all the best local mini hot dogs in search of the finest little wiener.   Hot Dog Charlie's was our first stop on the tour, and it stuck with me.  I had one plain and one with 'the works'.  Of all the dogs with 'the works' I had that day, Charlie's did it best.  Their meat sauce is tasty, and the ratio of sauce to mustard to onions is perfect.  The buns are warm and moist; the dog is juicy and has a nice snap when you bite it.  I have not experienced the grittiness in the sauce that some reviews mention.  The service is friendly and the staff are careful to not slop the condiments all over the bun, which means that you can dig in without getting messy hands.
Since writing my last review, Hot Dog Charlie's actually started offering Hembold's natural casing pork hot dogs for their miniatures. Unfortunately, the sauce is now too salty, and still falls behind Famous Lunch. Once they get their sauce back in order, Charlie's will likely get a five.
I make a special trip here to enjoy their famous "all beef" mini hot dogs with the works. Each mini dog is a natural casing wiener served on a steamed bun and topped with deli mustard, sweet minced onions, and Charlie's special chili meat sauce. I usually pick up a dozen mini dogs with the works, french fries, and the homemade creamy rice pudding with cinnamon. Everything, including the burgers, fish frys, Italian sausage sandwiches, and onion rings are made and cooked to order.
Who are we kidding, this is pretty good, but you need to hit Famous Lunch in Troy and have the real deal mini hot dogs.
When I was kid my dad would always bring me to the Hot Dog Charlies at Latham Circle Mall and I was always afraid of anything other than plain dogs. Eventually I gave in and tried them with the works and fell in love. But after discovering Gus's and more importantly Famous Lunch, HDC doesn't really stand out as the best anymore. They do a decent dog but their meat sauce doesn't quite match up with the others.
