Great place. Its a food importer and wine shop by day and they have a small restaurant at night. Great food, very original menu with excellent ingredients. We tried the cheese board and it was awesome. Truffle mac and cheese was crazy good. Try the lavash (flatbread dishes), they are fresh and delicious. The best part of this place is the wine selection. You can pick out any wine from the store for your meal and you simply pay for the bottle plus a very reasonable corkage fee ($7.50  I think). The waiter was able to help us pick a bottle and it was excellent. Service is friendly and very well educated about the menu and the wines. It can take a little while for the food, so it may not be the best if you are in a big hurry, but this a great place to spend the evening and relax or go on a nice date. Great place to try a new wine, awesome food, highly recommended.
Do not be fooled by location or outside appearance. I've been coming to Tallahassee for 10 years and finally used Yelp for my dinner choice and what a smart move. Excellent food!  And wine. Duck pot stickers were the best I've had. Filet was very good. The value is right on. I recommend this restaurant anytime you are in downtown Tallahassee. Save room for desert!  Staff recommend Banana Foster and I would too.
"Quiet, quaint, quality restaurant hidden away in the heart of town." Saturday evening around 6pm our group of 5 ventured to try this locally owned gem in Tallahassee. Upon arrival they warned us that they may not be able to accommodate our party, that they typically require reservations for parties over 4 and usually do not accept parties of more than 6. Thankfully, they were able to seat us in a smaller room off to the left after entering. We started with a delicious assortment of meats and cheeses with a compliment of wines; followed by the delightful escargot, truffle mac & cheese and roasted red pepper soup. The escargot was uniquely prepared sautéed rather than baked but was pleasant to the palate. The truffle mac is know as 'Crack in a Crock' for good reason. If you are a fan of truffles, get this dish. If truffles are overwhelming for you, have a bite of someone else's. Either way, this is a must try. The soup was good but served at room temperature so be prepared for that. The main course included the basic salad, the Parmesan crusted ostrich with roasted duck, the filet Mignon medallions, and the Parmesan crusted chicken and portobello mushrooms. We all sampled each dish and shared family style. The filet and the duck were by far the best of the bunch. The ostrich had a good flavor but was just a bit tough. The chicken was tasty but nothing to write home about. The stars of this restaurant really are the duck and the filet. Finally, we sampled dessert. Though to be honest, this was our least favorite. We shared the death by chocolate and the New Orleans Apple parfait. Both were extremely decedent and delicious but too overpowering for such an already heavy meal. We were all in agreement that a crisp citrus dessert like a lemon cake or sorbet would have been better. Over all we spent roughly $50 per person. We were not light on the drinks or food so that is a reasonable amount for the time spent and food/drink consumed. Our entire experience took roughly 4 hrs. We took our time and savored each course. I encourage you to save some cash, spend some time, and explore this local gem in the heart of Tallahassee
Came in with my wife for our anniversary dinner and wont ever be coming back! We had several COCKROACHES crawl across our table as we were eating our meal! Slow service, dirty glasses, needed a flashlight to see, owner seemed to be more interested in pouring his next drink than making sure paying customers were satisfied. Unacceptable, don't let these 5 star reviews fool you. Save your time and money.
I want to start by saying the rating is solely based on the experience.  We had one glass of wine but no food.  We came here due to the high reviews for wine & dinner.  We were staying at a nearby hotel.  The location is very small, but that doesn't really matter.  The AC was broken & it was REALLY hot.  There were obvious problems in the kitchen because many other customers were complaining.  One customer loudly complained that they had been waiting over an hour for their food.  I'm not sure what was going on, but we decided to leave due to the heat & the obvious issues that were going on that night.  We would, however, give this place another chance given all the excellent reviews!
As of yesterday, Clusters & Hops now tops my list for favorite restaurants in town. Unassuming is probably the best way to describe things here--the restaurant is tucked away behind a small wine shop with only a few tables. The atmosphere is relaxed and every table feels private. The staff were all incredibly welcoming and were able to offer excellent suggestions on the extensive wine offerings. The food was absolutely wonderful. The ostrich and duck was really stunning, and my partner reported the same of the pork shank. For dessert we chose the banana fosters bread pudding and it too was incredible. For what you get in terms of quality and portion, the prices are quite reasonable. For us, the greatest offering was the chance to choose a bottle of wine from their store in lieu of the wines listed on the menu in particular. There's an $8.50 up charge on the retail price for this option, but it really opens up your possibilities. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a unique local experience with a traditionally-minded palette. For something more experimental, give Kool Beanz a try, but for a sure-fire excellent experience, try Clusters & Hops.
Surprisingly good restaurant tucked into the back of a wine shop. My wife and I were staying at the Duval and found this via our fellows on Yelp so walked the 2 1/2 blocks - worth the stroll. They have some eclectic starters and many reviews rave over the truffle Mac & Cheese - we tried and IMO good but not great - but I am not a M&C fan anyway. Entrees were Ahi Tuna for me and Ostrich / duck for her - both were very good but the latter quite innovative and surprising  - loves it really. Have to say dessert was the highlight with an apple / caramel Parfait as well as raspberry tart - both a total treat. So have to mention the wine - we had a bottle off the menu based on out waiters advice (but you can pick and vintage off the shelves and njoy with meal for a small corkage fee) a delightful Argentine Bonarda  - a varietal new to me but quite good. So overall a very nice meal just north of $100 for two and would definitely return next time in Tallahassee.
Who knew I loved ostrich?!?! I do now though! I was in Tallahassee for work and C&H was 4 blocks from my hotel. The first night I went on a whim. On my second night, I couldn't wait to get back and sample more from their unique menu. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable about both the food and drinks. I'll definitely go back the next time I'm in town!
Are you kidding me?......this IS the best cuisine in Tallahassee!!!  Bar non!  The duck, filet, ostrich and desserts rival Le Cordon Bleu servings!  This chef should have a 'Best of...(insert any city here). If you have not been for an intimate, incredible meal you are missing  out!I almost hate to say this as the seating is limited (8 tables for 4 plus) and I don't want you to take my table!!! You won't be sorry!!!!!
I have not tried every dish on the menu, but I have loved every dish that I've tried.  To be honest, I haven't tried a new dish in awhile. Despite my good intentions to try something new, the aptly titled Crack in a Crock is so good, I just keep ordering it until I can't eat anymore. The atmosphere is ideal for a quiet little romantic night out with your significant other. The staff is very knowledgable, friendly and attentive, but not overwhelming. They know when to give you a little privacy.
Indeed, this is as good as it gets for Tally. That is, if you highly value knowledgeable waiters, fine ingredients, exclusive & authentic environment, and great menu. As with most customers, I love their "crack in a pot" truffled mac & cheese and have enjoyed all their meals - whether it was a cheese sandwich for lunch or the ostrich for dinner. There are numerous other restaurants I love in Tallahassee but this is by far, my favorite. Because it seems as if no other restaurant puts as little effort in a "beautiful" setting while totally impressing you with their exquisite menu. And that, to me, is the definition of cool.
Get the truffle Mac and cheese! You won't be disappointed. The staff really knows their wine so if you aren't a wine connoisseur (like me) you can describe the taste your going for and they can recommend a great choice. It's a pricey place but worth every penny!! On another note...there isn't much seating but just wait...WELL worth it!!!
Best food in Tallahassee, great wine list& wonderful service. Their desserts are to die for. I bit pricey but the best place to go for special occasions. The restaurant is small and beautifully decorated but it might not be the best place for large groups.
A hidden restaurant and wine bar in a cheese and wine shop.  Well disguised in a small shopping area on North Monroe. This place will surprise you.  They have a very nice wine selection (by the glass or bottle), a few beers to choose from and a strong menu of appetizers and cheese and meat boards. Highly recommended for a 2nd or subsequent date or as a great place to relax and enjoy a new, undiscovered glass of wine.  The service is good hear, and generally knowledgeable about wine and the proper food pairings.   I dined here twice over the past two months.  The truffle mac and cheese always attracts me.  The first time I also tried the cheese and meet board and found it quite tasty.  When I ate here earlier tonight, I went all-in for the filet mignon and even tried the salted caramel creme brulee.  I was not dissapointed either night. Hint:  Try the house or recommended Pinot Noir.  If it is from Oregon, you probably have a winner! Don't expect Paris in Tallahassee, however.  This is still a fairly small Southern city--and no New Orleans or Atlanta vibe exists here. Overall, highly recommended.  Either eat here, Cypress or Cool Beanz.  Those are the best eats in this town.
The food here is wonderful and I have been here 3 times. With that said 2 out of the 3 times I have been there the service was horrible. The second time I went it took 45 minutes to put our drink order in. After 2 hours we finally got our food. Our waiter never put in our order we had to go to the kitchen our selves. On top of that the waiter was very rude. This most recent time 11/23/13  our waiter told us we could not split the check because they do not do that. If you have the time or the patience the food is great but the experience is way less.
My girlfriend and I dined here a few weeks ago due to the rave reviews we've seen here on yelp and that we've been to most of the popular restaurants in Tallahassee and wanted to see how Clusters faired against the rest. When you walk in and through the front store portion, you can easily tell that this is a romantic place to eat. It's got a very dark setting with dim lights (a little too dark in spots) throughout a large dining room and bar with a smaller alcove to the side. We ended up sitting in the smaller room off to the side. I had the filet mignon while my girlfriend had the ossobucco and we shared the crack in a pot macaroni as an appetizer. The macaroni was awesome and very delicious and creamy. The filet mignon was tasty but lacking in the amount (3 slices with some potatoes). The ossobucco was alright but fairly tough which was disconcerting as this type of dish should be more fall-off-the-bone. We also had a few drinks (wine, beer) that all were very good. While the food was good, the worst part was my high score this evening on killing the baby cockroaches crawling up the wall that our table was up against. By the time we made it through half of our entrees, I had smashed the 3rd cockroach. By that point, we considered the whole dining experience pretty much ruined and we moved to the larger dining room, paid our check (comped 2 drinks), and high tailed it out of there. Either we dined at just the wrong time for Clusters who may have just got infested randomly or their restaurant is normally unclean. Judging by the positive reviews, we can only hope for the former. However, we doubt that we'll be back.
LOVE that the restaurant is "hidden" behind a wine and cheese shop. Definitely pricey and modest portion sizes BUT quality ingredients and definitely a place to offer your favorites (of cheese) or something new and artesian (but of course). Recommend it for a serious significant other that you don't mind spending some good money on...or for the students with parents who treat you while in town (and don't complain about it), take those parents here - it'll impress them ;)
Delicious, unique, gourmet food.  Great date place.  The prices are a little high, but that is expected given the type of food served.
We came here for my mom's birthday and it was wonderful! Very small and quaint place with a walk-around wine area that's kind of maze-like but great for picking out your own bottles to enjoy there or take home. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly with great recommendations. Yes the food was pricey but everything we ordered was delicious and had great presentation and was obviously thought out in the kitchen. It was fun for a girls night but I think would be a better date night location. Also very limited parking here and is easy to pass by accident due to it's location right by Thomasville Rd intersection at Monroe.
First off - this review would have been 5 Stars but, for some reason, the Tenderloin Medallions were not medallions, but sliced. Small point, I know, but it just wasn't right. Other than that, this is probably one of the best restaurants in Tallahassee - in the same class as Cypress, for sure. With the exception of being sliced, the almond encrusted filet was wonderful and the presentation superb. My wife had the Sole which she enjoyed immensely. Our son had the Kobe Sliders which he liked as well. The waiter was extremely helpful and we had a wonderful bottle of wine from their large selection.
Move on over, Cypress! Clusters & Hops has won my vote for the "best restaurant in Tallahassee." So, I've been to Napa, Sonoma, Temecula...and to wineries in Florida. When I walked in to C & H it gave me a nostalgic feeling. I felt like I was in a vineyard side restaurant sipping on delicious vino while overlooking the mountains. Oh wait, snap out of it, Katy....you're in Tally! Right when you walk in, you will see a little wine shop. They have a good selection of imported wines and domestic wines as well. If you buy a bottle of wine, you could take it to the table to dine with you and pay a $7.50 corkage fee!  $7.50... you read right! In Miami, corkage fees are about $20 so that wow'd me, big time! In the shop, they also sell cheeses, oils (including truffle oil), and vinegar. Nice touch and more good selections. Then you walk towards the back and to your surprise, you will find a little bar which only has wine and beer. There are tables around the bar (about 10 or less) and a back, very dark, and romantic, room with only three tables. This is where my boyfriend and I chose to sit. We were celebrating our four year anniversary so it was a cute touch. We had our bottle of wine and it was delicious. We got the Moscato on the menu. Yum! Very sweet...how I like it ;) Our server was very nice and attentive. The food did take a long while to come out; however, I had heard overheard him tell another couple that there is only one chef and the restaurant was really busy, so I didn't mind. On to the food..... Cheese and meat platter for two- about $13-$15.  Wow! Very good, quality cheeses that matched perfectly with the meats, olives, and grapes they were served with. They gave a generous amount for $13!  In Sonoma, we found a restaurant that served a similar dish for almost double the price so I definitely appreciated this. I ordered the coffee crusted filet mignon medallions. Very good. Cooked perfectly (about medium). The flavor was spot on. The presentation was superb. It was served with potatoes, carrots, and asparagus. Very, very, good. But not as good as...... My boyfriend's ostrich and duck dish. I genuinely appreciated this dish. It gave our taste buds the mouthgasm we desired. I will forever remember this meal because of the duck and ostrich in and of themselves. The duck was like butter that melted in your mouth. It was cooked perfectly. The ostrich was a bit too rough for me but it still tasted amazing and my boyfriend loved it. It was served with veggies and topped with a parmesan crisp (yum!) See the pictures I posted for more info. The mac and cheese infused with truffle oil was really good too. However, I've had the same dish at "Red Steakhouse" in Miami which was significantly better. Not saying I didn't like it, I just know there's something better out there so I did not appreciate it as much. Anyways, the bill came out to about $110. In my eyes, that's a steal for the quality of the food they served and a bottle of wine. Keep up the good work, C & H. If you're looking for a romantic dinner or a nice place for wine/cheese with some friends or loved ones, I most definitely recommend this place.
There are times in ones life when food gives one a new sense of awareness; when it tickles your soul, and when it makes one glad to be alive...Clusters and hops rouses all of that in me The first time I had the SLOW ROASTED PORK SHANK OSSOBUCO, on Tagliatelle with a dark chocolate shiraz demi-glaze of carmelized onion, baby carrots & wild mushroom madeira, and loved it...The pasta was fantastic,and the pork was rich in flavor with a beautiful presentation.... though I did miss having barely with my OSSOBUCO. The second time I had the HERB & ESPRESSO CRUSTED FILET MIGNON MEDALLIONS, black truffle Maytag Blue Cheese, roasted 'Parm' Potatoes, wild mushrooms & cognac carmelized onions, and literally had a "moment" with the food. I still think back to that meal, and often dream of the symphonic complexities it produced in my mind and mouth. The third time, I had the SLICED DUCK BREAST ON WHITE TRUFFLED SQUASH with a duck demi-glaze, asparagus, smoked port soaked cranberries, a 1927 Sherry reduction & Oregon Alba Mushrooms, and was once again taken to a place of dreams, and visions of a better life. What can I say about this place besides that it amazes me, it excites the foodie in me, and makes me embrace my decadent nature.   If you want a gastronomical holiday eat here.  If you enjoy good wine, drink here.  The staff can casually (and enthusiastically) speak about the subtle flavors of the wine they carry all day. It's dark, it's small and cozy,and you cannot go wrong eating here. If I could give it 6 stars I would. Additionally they carry a full line of digestif's and dessert wines and port t
Waiting for my daughter to get off of work I finally stopped in here to check them out. What a very unusual place. When you walk in it is so small with small aisles and wooden shelves with wine and Champagne bottles for sale. Then as you walk around you spot a deli case filled with cold cuts and cheese, then in the back a small bar with a few tables for dining. They also carry specialty olive oil. Two separate staff members approached me asking if I needed any help, they were very friendly. They let me check out the wine selection without bothering me and as I left they even gave me a menu to take. The wine selection is small but fabulous. Oh I spotted so many boutique wine's that are so hard to find. One example "Kistler" Chardonnay oh wow, so many great wine's. Prices were average. The Kistler was $44.99, not bad. For a wine novice, this place rocked my world. Seriously, great selections of wine. They had a few magnum's as well. Then the cheese that they offer from all over the world is amazing. From Australia, Belgium, England, France, Holland, Italy, Sweden, Norway, Spain, Germany, US, etc...most are 1/2 lb. by the price. How cool to grab a fantastic bottle of wine and order some amazing cheese to accompany. Their lunch and dinner menu blew me away. From sandwiches, to pasta, Ostrich, Escargot, Caviar's, Veal, Duck, Lamb, Quail, Trout Filet, Crawfish, Rabbit, holy moly they offer so much. I think they have covered everything to please anyone. Surprisingly, this place is so small I have no clue how they can offer so much food. I am looking so forward to visiting again and dining inside to check out some amazing dishes or cheese. But heck if you are looking for a great bottle of wine for yourself or as a gift you must visit. Well worth the trip. Best wine shop in Tallahassee. See you soon!!
Hand's down, the best place in Tally.  Look at the other reviews, which I think more eloquently and comprehensively say most of what I planned to say here.  The couple nuggets I would add is that, if you aren't looking to drop a cool 20+ per person then go for lunch.  They offer similar items as they do for dinner, most for about 1/2 the price. My friends love the truffle mac-n-cheese.  My personal favorites are the Angus Mackie, which adds the mac-n-cheese to sliced Black Angus Roast Beef & truffle horseradish aioli, grilled goat cheese sandwich, and the panko-crusted seared ahi tuna served with delicious, delectable Wasabi mashed potatoes. The desserts are awesome and it is best to go with friends so you can share multiple options.
I spent a weekend in Tallahassee visiting one of my best friends.  She and I had dinner at Cluster & Hops my first evening in the city.  After traveling for almost 10 hours, it was such a treat to eat here!  The space is cozy and intimate.  The ambiance was calm, relaxed, and just what I needed after a long day of traveling.  The bar tender/waiter was incredibly helpful and knowledgeable about wines and helped us pick out an amazing bottle of wine (a Syrah!).   The food was good:  my friend had the coffee-encrusted filet mignon medallions (medium rare) and I had the duck with the truffle squash.  Both dishes were delicious.  I am taking one star off because the dishes were very busy:  there was a lot of sauces and different flavors (all good) in one dish.  I don't mean to suggest I prefer bland food, but there is something to be said for having just a *few* complex flavors (as opposed to many complex flavors) in one dish. Overall, I had a good experience and would go there again.  The food was good; service was excellent; the wine was phenomenal.
Quite good for Tallahassee's stds We had the cheese board which i love the sesame crackers and the Portugal castelinhos. There was a good variety of 6 cheeses, olives and grapes. Good for $9. The soup of the day tastes thin and watered down. The flavor was not robust enough for a roasted tomato and red pepper soup. We drank it with the olives from the cheeseboard to make the flavor come out. We ordered the duck and pork shank for mains and added foie gras. Duck was over-cooked and under-seasoned. Sides were raw! Pork was good on its own and not a fan of the sauce and pasta. Foie gras was slightly overcooked on the inside and not seared to a nice slightly crisp on outside. I feel that the cutlery used can be in better condition for a restaurant that charges this price. Service was slow and the meal lasted more than 2.5 hours! Tip : Buy a bottle of wine from the store instead of ordering it off the menu.
Incredible food, great service, quirky setting--what more could you want? Cheese and meat plate for an appetizer--great assortment and helpful description of each from the server. My entree was the duck with truffled squash, partner had the fillet--both were fantastic and wonderfully presented. For dessert, excellent coffee, with me having the banana foster walnut cake and partner the trio. We are definitely going again and have it at the top of the "cool places to take visitors" list.
Clusters & Hops is a lovely little hole-in-wall in Tallahassee, Florida, that combines an eclectic wine and cheese retail shop with a fabulous fine dining experience. We started by selecting a bottle of wine from the shop. There's a $7 cork fee but you pay retail for the wine, so definitely a value, plus there's a great selection. For starters we order the Cheese and Sliced Meat Board, with imported cheeses, meats, olives, crackers, grapes. The spicy array tasted great with California Zinfandel we selected. For our entrée we shared the Sliced Duck Breast on White Truffled Squash. It comes with (from their menu) "a duck demi-glaze, asparagus, smoked port soaked cranberries, a 1927 Sherry reduction & Oregon Alba Mushrooms." We passed on the option to add the Seared Foie Gras and were glad we did. This dish was beautiful on arrival and was tender, flavorful, and cleverly accented with rosemary and other spices. It wonderfully combined sweet and savory in a most rich yet delicate way. For dessert we tried The Trio which combined pistachio gelato, peanut butter cake, and a s'more onto one plate. They were arranged separately so it was more of a sampling experience which suited us perfectly since we are usually in the mood for just a little something sweet. This place is highly recommended. In a town where many restaurants *attempt* to mimic places in larger metro areas, Clusters & Hops stands out as a unique and enjoyable experience.
I've loved this restaurant for years.  The food is always perfectly prepared, from the cheese plates to the delicious medium rare duck served over truffled squash that I had on Friday night.  I love browsing for a cheap bottle of wine that I can't find anywhere else and that white truffle oil I just ran out of at home.  This is a place that you can stop in for dinner almost any night of the week, make yourself at home, enjoy an amazing meal, drink a couple of glasses of wine, pick up some bottles for home, and still escape for under $70.  I find that pretty awesome, especially compared to the prices at other local Tally restaurants. I realized when talking to the servers the other night, too, that most of them have been there for at least 4 or 5 years.  That's practically unheard of in Tallahassee terms, but there is a reason for that consistency.  This is a place that has the old-fashioned value of putting out really extraordinary food and wonderful, reasonably priced wine.  The servers know a lot about the food, and the wine, so you get the added benefit of a person who can make thoughtful recommendations in both areas, and these folks are true professionals. Every dish goes the extra mile so that every bite is a complex combination of delicious layors of flavor that both compliment and intrigue.  My favorites are the cheese plate (omg, the cumin-scented olives--to die for), the duck, the osso bucco, the scallops, and the absolutely incredible mac & cheese.  If you're the sensuous sort who can have a little gasm in your mouth because it's that amazing, this is your kind of restaurant. Prices are surprisingly reasonable, you'd easily pay $40-50 per plate in a larger city for this kind of quality. One thing you should be aware of:  This is a tiny little restarant with a tiny little kitchen.  They don't do parties larger than 5-6, and they don't take reservations, so if you show up at 7 on a Friday, be prepared for a wait.
Long time user, first time reviewer.  In a word: phenomenal.  Perhaps I'm a bit spoiled (from Miami Beach), but it didn't matter.  I went here based on yelp reviews, and it didn't disappoint.  The beer/wine selection is top notch, and the food was terrific.  My only complaint is that my take out order's silverware consisted of two knives.  I ate my ostrich and duck with these "chopsticks" and was totally satisfied.  Go here now. PS - it may look closed from the outside, but if the neon sign's a-glowing, you should be a-going.
As suspected, I liked Clusters & Hops a lot more when I stuck to small plates.  We tried the eggplant lavosh, red pepper/tomato soup of the day, warm goat cheese salad, and (of course) the "crack in a crock" mac and cheese.  Everything was as it should be: delicious, creative, high-quality, and priced appropriately! One person in our group went for an entree.  She had the same reaction I did last time: the menu is a bit misleading (tries to make the food sound "fancier" and better than it really is).  Every dish seems to be 50% baby carrots, despite the fact that only one of them (the pork shank) says so in its description! For example, the duck came with TONS of baby carrots despite not being mentioned at all.  As for the "port-soaked cranberries" boasted about on the menu??  There were literally four tiny, shriveled cranberries used as a garnish on the edges of the plate.  That's it... Dessert was a little better this time.  Our waiter recommended the root beer float and apple praline parfait.  I casually asked him what he thought of the dessert trio (see my prior review) and he was not shy about telling me how much it sucks.  (Validation!!) All in all, I'd come back for the appetizers, soups, and salads.  The entrees have been very disappointing and feel like a rip off.  If I could ignore the main plates I would give Clusters & Hops four or five stars, I'm sure--but since I can't, I'm going to stick with three!
This is the sort of place you need someone to bring you to - it doesn't look like much of anything from the road, and even if you go inside, at first glance it just looks like an unassuming little high-end grocery store. Go just a bit further, though, and you'll realize it's also a restaurant. Take a seat alongside some good friends and order something, and you'll realize it's a VERY GOOD restaurant, as well. Clusters & Hops is delicious. Everything they create off the main menu is worthy of your attention. We shared a cheese platter, the truffle mac n' cheese (extreme truffle-ness), eggplant focaccia bread, and duck quesadillas (incredible). We loved everything so much, we even went for dessert, which was actually the only sour note of the night - they weren't bad, per se, but they were very underwhelming across the board. We got three different ones, and the only one we really enjoyed was the root beer float, which was great. The others (chocolate assortment and balsamic-drizzled parmesean) were surprisingly meh. The only other downside is that this place gets crowded fast and has extremely limited seating, so you better get there early, and they're a bit understaffed - prepare yourself for a long, looooong meal. If that's the sort of experience you're in the mood for, great - if not, you may want to look elsewhere until you're ready to put in a lot of time for a lot of taste.
4 of us started off with the cheese platter and salami for for.  A Fab selection of French cheeses paired with cured salami. Truffled Mac and cheese followed and was well received by most, a bit on the runny side. Pate platter was another hit! Highly recommended.   Ostrich and duck entree was yum, tender duck melts in your mouth, ostrich had appearance of Mignon but much tougher meat. Black Angus thinly slices over baguette was great as was the crusted halibut. Portions are very generous.  Sauces are overly buttey, this is not a place where you eat while dieting. Desserts: mocha creamed brulee looked curdled, but tasted great. Death by chocolate was rich and heavy as expected. 7 chocolates was a joke! Look at photo attached, the mini drink in the middle is a milkshake! What? NO. Great wines! Rare wines! Affordable Bottles. Overall space needs some major updating, starting with the hard chairs from the 60's, not cool. I'd definitely come back here to try more of the menu.
Owner Kent Steels is a walking encyclopedia of wine as well as chef extraordinaire.  Have had almost all of the dishes on the menu over the past 10 + years.  All excellently prepared with beautiful presentation.  Wine selection and values are outstanding. There is a deli with meats, cheeses, and more for take out.  Agree with carol o below: ask Kent or one of the staff to suggest a nice bottle from the shelves to go along with your dinner.  You get the most attention when it is least crowded (duh). --- SammyR
Service is absolutely horrible and the ambiance is a bit odd. Nonetheless, the food is delicious. They definitely need to work on presentation.
Ate here last night after looking around for a place I'd never been before.  I feel like I've been missing out -- how did I not know this was so close to my house? Anyway, the atmosphere is really interesting.  It's a store and restaurant, so you walk through the shelves to get back to the bar and tables.  Between that, the lighting, and the service the atmosphere is really nice.  (However, decor is kinda, uh, odd.  Sort of 80's reject furniture, slightly overdone wall treatments and pictures picked up from Target.)  My boyfriend found the seating at the tall tables incredibly uncomfortable, though! We had a meat/cheese appetizer, the chicken & ostrich as entrees, and desserts... With wines throughout.  GREAT food.  Lots of recommendations and enthusiasm from our server, which added to the experience. There are so many good things to say I can't isolate a single one to say it.
Easily the best place to eat in North Florida, handsdown. It is still one of Tallahassee's best kept secrets. Clusters has an unimposing storefront look, and when you step inside you see there are only about 8 tables and a few seats at the bar. This is one of the few places I know of that you can get foie gras, if that tells you anything. Their wine selection is second to none in Tallahassee. This is the place that the Governor will slip out to every once in a while, since it's down the street from the Governor's mansion. You can also expect to see legislators getting wined and dined by lobbyists year round. The waiters at Clusters are the most polite and well mannered I've met in any restaurant during my travels. If the legislator is not in session, you can get by in designer jeans and a button down. You won't have a better dining experience anywhere in Tallahassee.
I have only been to this place twice, but each time was amazing. Once was for dinner, the other for dessert. For dinner, my girlfriend and I had the ostrich and duck. Each time I took a bite to eat, my mouth would stop chewing and just become agape with amazement by the savory taste. Along with their extensive wine selection, they also have a small store which offers many different gourmet food items from across world. This includes meats and bread available at select times, but ordering is always something that can be done so just let them know what you want and they will do their best to help you out. Great pricing as well. Their lunch menu (last time I checked) was their dinner menu, but done on a smaller scale, and I believe with some turned into sandwiches (but I could be wrong here).
Tallahassee's best kept secret, I hesitate to rave in public about this place. I'm leaving soon, however, so I will pass on the wonderful knowledge of this local fare to others. :) Best date location within a 25 mi radius, at least. First date, anniversary, fifth date, get-me-out-of-the-doghouse-date, best friend date, doesn't mater. Intimate ambiance, fabulous wine selection and overall setting comparable to NYC's famous Serendipity--this is a win across the board. Dim lighting and a quiet crowd provide an element of romance that isn't found elsewhere in Tallahassee, and it's hidden location next to a mattress shop on Monroe insure you almost don't find it. The cheese plate and duck are personal favorites. Service is a bit slow, but you won't want to rush out anyway. Did I mention the wine selection?
I stopped in here based on the reviews and I was blown away at how awesome the food and the service are.  The place itself is a hole-in-the-wall type of place.  When I walked in, I first thought it was a retail wine shop.  After wandering back, I saw the bar and restaurant.  Our server was Rob and he was wonderful.  I had the espresso-crusted filet mignon medallions which were delicious.  Rob paired that with Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Stout - which has to be the most perfect beer pairing I've ever experienced.  I will definitely repeat when I return to Tallahassee!
Cozy little place with amazing food! Great for special dinners with an intimate vibe or for impressing out of towners with a dining experience that is separate from a college town. The truffle oil Mac n cheese will change your life.
Cute and cozy.  The cheese board is huge!  The duck breast salad was great.  The wine, was just okay.
A really good place to go. Good service. Great tuna, duck breast salad and beef mignon. The dessert is normal. The menu of lunch is different with the one for dinner.  I will definitely come here another time for dinner.
A little pricey, but the food is amazing! I had the five cheese truffle mac n cheese and the seared tuna, and every bite was delicious! Good wine selection, cute and intimate location. Perfect for a romantic evening.
Went here for dinner a few weeks ago on a Friday night.  There isn't much room to sit, and the place was very loud.  The food was good, but definitely not worth the price.  $120 for 2 dinners and 4 drinks.  That's pretty steep in my book, and def not worth the price.  If you're looking for quiet and romantic, definitely skip this place.
Clusters and Hops is as good as it gets in Tallahassee. From the outside it looks a little strange, since its attached to a mattress store, but just trust me---go inside. It has the atmosphere of a hidden little food oasis. Everything on the menu is high class, but you MUST try the Truffle Mac. I've never had anything so delicious. The waiters are highly knowledgeable about the many wines they carry, but they can come off as a little snooty if you don't know very much about wine. For me, it's all part of the experience of being in a super classy restraunt, but I can understand why others would find it uncomfortable.
Discover this place using Yelp! The store front is a wine and cheese shop that makes way to a cozy little restaurant. The food ranges from the simple cheese plate to Kobe beef burgers topped with Foie Gras. Portions are right, the people are friendly and the food will have you talking about it for weeks to come.
Another favorite of mine in Tallahassee. If you were to move this place to Orlando, it would be more like $45/plate versus $20 -ish. It is too good to miss! The menu is perfectly designed by their chefs and many of the produce used to prepare the dishes comes from local farmers markets. I once had their vegetable bisque and I still miss it, that was YEARS ago! The venison/beef dish is to die for. I personally love ANYTHING thing that is served with a balsamic glaze, which many of their dishes are. The foccacia bread and mac n'cheese are as good as it gets! Oh Clusters & Hops, I miss you so!
Hole in the wall type place with a surprisingly delicious menu. Obviously their wine selection is great as well as some of the beers, but the food is great. I would classify it as high-end bar food. The white truffle Mac n cheese is awesome. It's a tiny restaurant in the back part of a wine and cheese store. It can get very busy on the weekend due to the limited space. I hope they don't expand, it would take away from the quaintness of the place.
I think everything on the menu has truffles on it.  Not extremely innovative but food was tasty and cooked properly
Love the cheese/meat board and pate platter. Great selection of wines (reasonably priced) that you can buy and take home or, for a small charge, drink at the table. The ambiance is pretty bad (I feel like it has not been updated since the 80s) but I think the food and wine are worth it.
My mom came into town to visit and after eating here once before I had to bring her to try it. The food was unbelievably outstanding but unfortunately the seating made it uncomfortable, which in turn made it hard to relax. I would recommend this place to everyone and I am definitely going back, but PLEASE get more comfortable chairs.
Party of four.  When we eat out whilst out of town, we try to do it 'right'.  Clusters and Hops knocked me out... In a great way.  Best service!!  Best drinks/beer!!  Better than best food!!  Dessert was DELICIOUS!!  Foodgasm=Clusters and Hops
What a great hidden little restaurant! The cheese board is always good and the crack in a pot/mac n cheese is to die for. I absolutely love this place. Only reason why it isn't a 5 star is because of how crazy expensive it is. Definitely worth going to for an anniversary or something, but not your normal Friday night dinner. Over all, if you have money to spend on a good dinner, this is the place to go.
I like the beer selection ...prime.  No douches ...but...please put 1 to 2 flat screens by the bar with sports on
One of the best places to eat in Tallahassee. The sliders with blue cheese, foie gras and truffles that I tried were just amazing. They also have great wine selection. The place itself is very quiet and relaxing. The only downside it the price.
A small little hidden gem in tallahasee for wine and cheese. Dinner is good as well though a bit on the pricey side. Good for a cozy gathering!
I came in at 10:30 on a Friday and graduation weekend when the online hours showed 11:00. I work in the service industry and realize hours change but tonight the server working was so rude I was completely baffled that he even had a job at this establishment, as I have been here many times before and spent a lot of money. We drove in and saw him outside and rolled down the window and asked "are you open" he didn't say anything but made a cut movement on his throat rolled his eyes and went inside. As eight other people went inside I figured he may not be talking to me so we went In to double check. Once inside he asked "are you here for food or drinks" (which I felt implied that both were available), we replied "an appetizer and a drink" to which he replies "our kitchen is closed we changed out ours and we are longer serving food right now and you can see that posted on the door". I let him know that the online service said they were open until 11:00 and the door said they were open until "close" which means nothing to me. My issue wasn't that they were closed but that he was so rude that I never want to go there again . I am a Tallahassee native and a server in town for 13+ years and have not felt that unwelcome and mistreated in quite some time. I expect much more from this caliber restaurant.
What a find! Being situated right next to a bed showroom and an unglamorous parking lot, this place doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you're in, you could be in a deli in the middle of New York. And the staff know their wines, cheeses, sherries and ports. I had the tuna and my friend had the goat cheese salad, both of which were fantastic. What a breath of fresh air.
I have never written a review for a restaurant before, but I was so disappointed, I felt compelled to this time around. The cheese plate was fine, but it seemed very overpriced considering its size. The entree took almost an hour to arrive. I got the ahi tuna. The tuna was gummy and poorly flavored; it had a layer of fat over the top that made it hard to eat. The slaw was very sour and overpowering. The food was plated poorly. I didn't bother to finish it even though I paid a lot for it. The food was way too expensive for the quality. I would never want to eat this again, even if it was 5.00. I think other reviewers were wooed by the intimate, dark environment of the place and lost their sense of taste. Clusters and Hops taught me that fancy food doesn't equal a good food experience.
