Excellent food, EXCELLENT service.  Nothing but good things to say.  I would go again and again.
Excellent - one of the finest restaurants in Tallahassee, rivaled only by Sage.
Just about the best food you can get in Tallahassee, next to Kool Beanz. My boyfriend and I went for a post Valentine's Day dinner and while it is reallyyy pricey, it's worth it. The food is absolutely to die for and the ambience of the restaurant itself is just so ~cool~. We started out with white sangria and dark and stormies, my signature drink. The dark and stormy was flawless (other than the fact that they garnished it with a lemon instead of a lime but I can look past that). Had the crab cakes for an appetizer and though the taste was a-m-a-z-i-n-g I do wish there were more than just two cakes. I ordered the Gulf red snapper over homemade linguine, Daniel ordered tuna with (sweet potato?) fries and baby spinach with a sweet vinaigrette dressing. Our entries were just to die for, the tuna was raw in the middle and perfectly seasoned and cooked on the outside, absolutely delicious. The only other time I had had pasta this fresh was when we went to Il Passatore in Brooklyn, and I have to say Cypress' pasta definitely rivaled that in taste. Everything was just sooo delicious, I can't stress that enough. Portions were small, but that is what is to be expected for a gourmet meal. The service was great. Our server was very attentive, she knew the specials back to back and gave us super positive feedback on everything we had ordered. If I had the money, I would definitely eat here more often, one of the best places in town!
Absolutely overrated. I figure if I'm going to be paying this much for a meal, I had better be satisfied. It fell short in the taste and proportion department. If I were you, I'd hop over to Mockingbird and it won't cost you an arm and a leg for literally a quarter of a plate of whatever food.
This is the most overrated "fine dining" restaurant in Tallahassee.  I've been several times, never had anything bad, but the food simply doesn't live up to prices or the pretentiousness.  Go to Kool Beanz or Mozaik instead for more awesome tasting and creative cooking, or any number of other places that are at least as good with more reasonable prices.
We just moved from Atlanta and went to Cypress for a night out.  The food was excellent and the service was great.  They have a good wine list and my wife raved about the hot & dirty martini.   While the prices are on the high side for Tallahassee they are not at all expensive compared to a nice restaurant in a larger city.   I will definitely be going back.
Cypress used to be the Tallahassee staple for a wonderful meal.  Our last few meals have been absolutely mediocre and I don't know that we'll return.  Some favorites from the past were an amazing mushroom bisque and scallops over risotto... everything recently has been bland.  Great unique house drinks to this date, so worth it if out for a tipple...
Don't get me wrong.  Cypress is not a bad restaurant at all.  I didn't think it was that expensive, either.  But it doesn't seem to be deserving of 4 1/2 stars.  Maybe for Tallahassee, this is as good as it gets.  If so, I'm feel sorry for the residents.  I ordered the Blue Crab Cakes small dish for starters, which came over a "crispy plantain" and a few julienned root veggies.  The cakes were tiny, full of filler instead of being mostly crab meat, and the plantain was a little rubbery, and definitely not crispy.  The bread that was served was basically a tiny piece of flavorless cornbread and a biscuit, both of which would be have been more appropriate at the BBQ place next door; neither should have been served here.      For the entree, I ordered the seared tuna, served rare as was properly suggested by our server.  It was a fine dish, served over bell peppers that were not overcooked, with a spicy/sweet sauce that was not bad.  It was a fine dish, and not overpriced, however my opinion was tainted by the appetizer.   For dessert, I had the phyllo pecan pie, which was an interesting twist on a traditional southern dessert, and it came with a maple sugar ice cream that was very good.  My only complaint about dessert was the server (not the waitress who took our orders, but the gentlemen who brought out the food), gave me a spoon.  The sppon worked great for the ice cream, but was horrible for cutting through the phyllo crust.  A knife and fork would have left me with no complaints at all.      Overall, the meal was not overpriced for the quality of the entree, but the meal was generally uninspiring and not deserving of such a high rating.  If I went several more times, perhaps my rating would increase to 4 stars.  I'd go back for sure, but not before checking out some of the other highly-rated restaurants in the area.
Decided after reading reviews to get several small plates and I wasn't disappointed.  First a sangria with the sweet potato fries (delish aoli!), then the Gulf Coast Oysters & Biscuits.  The oysters were a bit strong but the flavors melded so well, the biscuits were more like a cracker and a great added texture.  Finally the Rubbed & Pulled Pork "Double Stack" - and I was finally in HEAVEN! Wow, that was the best flavor.  The sauce was right on, spicy and sweet - then the corn fritters.  Again, WOW! Definitely glad I'm a yelper. :)
Entrees were good, though they were out of 2 items.  Steak was cooked properly.  I do recommend the mushroom soup over a salad if you like rich creamy and flavorful mushrooms
Ironically I had my first meal in Tallahassee at this place when I moved up and my last meal ...yet in Tallahassee when I moved out. It definitely one of the expensive restaurants of Tallahassee but it is worth every penny. It makes for great dates and/or dinners to celebrate an occasion. My father who is a picky eater loves this place. It is truly high end food.
Best place in town.  I have been to quite a few now and nothing comes near.  Excellent food and service.  Restaurant is very nice inside.   If I had to go anywhere in Tallahassee for a 'good' meal--it would be here.  Nuff said.
Ordered the filet mignon and it was the best steak I've ever had! Cheese board was wonderful. Great atmosphere for special nights.
A must visit.  The staff is always attentive and the food is creative, stylish and delicious.
visiting tallahassee and ate here last night.  my and two co-workers shared 6 of the appetizers -- incredible!! sweet potato fries, low country boulliabaise, crab cakes, and the cream cheese creme-broulet was out of this world.  Casual laid-back atmosphere.
Wonderful food, service, and presentation. The sea scallops were prepared superbly.  A previous trip enjoying the flounder was outstanding. A keeper for Tallahassee.
Great restaurant. Seared foie gras was super and different than done with typical reduction. Large cheese course menu exceptional. Service outstanding. Chef owned and spouse runs the front. Don't miss this gem.
We had dinner here on a Wednesday evening...terrific food and excellent service!
One of the best places to eat in Tallahassee. Original menu done well. The quality of the food was excellent and the prices weren't at all high for the class of fare. Service was good, polite, and efficient--very down to earth.
Noisy. Excellent food but expensive for the quality. Service is excellent. Good addition for foodies in Tallahassee.
I have given this place four tries. Every time it has been a total failure. Rated as one of the best in Tallahassee, Cypress truly disappoints.... every time. I don't even understand the other reviewer's posts about this restaurant. They cant all be fake, but how could anyone find this restaurant acceptable. I have tried the bar menu. I have eaten three times off the restaurant menu. Having a cheese sampler plate is nice for Tallahassee, but it hardly makes up for the horrible service and disgusting food. Kool Beanz does not have the ambiance this place has, but the food is no comparison. Kool B , or Cluster & Hops both kill Cypress. Every time I'm in Cypress, I wonder how they are staying in business. The manager must not have any prior experience. Very bad service & the food is not even as good as the service.  I always wish I had eaten anywhere else.
We were expecting a really stiff and fancy atmosphere, which is not our style.  We finally went there recently because all of our favorite places were packed.  Cypress was pretty packed, too, but there was room at the bar.  It turns out we were completely wrong about the atmosphere -- we found it to be laid back, with a very mixed group of people (from flip-flops and shorts to suit-and-ties).  We loved the bar and the bartender (one of the Sarah's).  She turned down the lights for us, was very helpful when we were ready to make our orders, and all in all, a great server.   We ordered a bunch of appetizers, and loved every one of them.  Yes, it's expensive, but when you want to treat yourself, this seems like a great place to do so.  We'll be back, over and over . . .
Good food and good decor. Friendly staff as well. Food tends to be pretty salty.. Sometimes too salty to eat. Otherwise, everything else is pretty good.. Except the parking situation. Lack of spaces and the need to valet.
I love this place! Yes it's pricey but damn it's good... The ambiance is great. The walls are filled with art by a local artist and available for sale. Every 3 months a new artist is featured, very cool way to showcase the up and coming. I was in jeans of course but did not feel underdressed around the others who were dressed up. Nice mix of folks. Everything that we ordered was amazing from cocktails to dessert. We didn't recognize any of the wine on the list so their in house sommelier came over to assist, nice touch. We started with, bread basket (yummy), Cypress Salad (yummy), Oysters & Biscuits (yummy) all delicious but the star was the "special" of the night-Squash Blossoms! Wow, that's the only way to describe them... Entrees were Hanger Steak and Cypress Vegetarian. Friend says that the steak melts in your mouth-best he's ever had. You don't have to be a vegetarian to eat my dish, the flavors in that dish were so delicious my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Desserts were a Southern Pecan Turnover and Flourless Chocolate Cake, both awesome! Our bill for 2 was $199.95 not including tip. But we ate and drank enough for 4, so totally worth it! **HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**
Brunch is one of the most popular meals nowadays. It allows one the opportunity to roll out of bed hungover at 11 am and grab some food while indulging in day drinking. The brunch menu at Cypress does not disappoint. Plenty on the drink menu to choose from and the food ranges from savory to sweet. Half of the group went with Biscuits and Bradley's Sausage Gravy with eggs over easy and the biscuits were the perfect texture (nice and fluffy yet substantial but still manages to melt in your mouth), I tried the Prosciutto & Green Hill Sandwich which comes with Truffle-Herbed fries and although it was good, I wish I had jumped on the biscuits and gravy bandwagon. The french loaf left your fingers oily and a bite of the prosciutto meant you'd have to commit to eating the whole clump of it since it did not separate easily. Fries were perfect but couldn't finish them since they were salted heavily (which I loved but it became overwhelming). They had a nice selection of teas, I recommend the lemon-lavender for a nice palate cleansing. A little pricey for the quality of the food received, service was also OK, and the set up of the table was awkward as the servers kept bumping into the group and one of our seats was wedged between wall and table. It's worth a try as it is all a matter of personal preference.
The last two times I've been here I've been treated poorly by the waitstaff. Tonight my husband and I walked in and stood waiting for a hostess for over 5 minutes. She never emerged while at least 6 staff people looked on and refused to acknowledge us. The owners need to train their staff on the basics of hospitality. This mediocre restaurant with a bloated price tag needs get back to basics.
Best place in town 100% Classy and the food an service is always amazing! Check out my photos of the food :)
This place is ok. Parking is weird (across the highway once the small lot fills up). i think i really want to like this place more but i always leave hungry or just meh. Their cocktails are interesting. I will certainly go back because friends and family always like to meet there for some reason. Probably not for its convenient parking. I have not had a bad experience, its just been ok.
I love this restaurant.  Everything from the service to the atmosphere, the wine list and great cocktails, was amazing. The food stands alone as just...well, pretty epic. I had the scallops as an entree and these were the most perfectly cooked beautiful scallops I've ever had! The happy hour is awesome and of you aren't in for a big meal, the bar food menu is great too! They are always coming up with a fresh new special that is out of this world!
Service was great, food was good and the atmosphere was nice. Girlfriend had the grouper, friend had fried chicken, and I had the hanger steak. They were all good. Only critique portions were a little small and it was the first restaurant I ever seen charge for bread.
Amazing food. Great cocktails. Yummy wine list. Killer happy hour. I don't see what else you could want in a restaurant. I will continue to frequent this place, my wife and I love it. Don't forget to check out the art on the walls from the featured local artist.
Two friends and I enjoyed a reasonably priced dinner whilst ordering from the special happy hour menu. For starters we shared a pimento cheese platter which was accompanied by properly toasted French bread. They both had hamburgers and I enjoyed grouper tacos all of which was very good.
Chef Dave and the manager Caroline were great to work with.  I booked a chefs tasting menu for 19.  They use fresh, local, ingredients and you can tell they are passionate about food.  I added a cocktail and nibbles two days out and they made it happen.  He made pimento cheese, a southern staple, that was amazing.  The courses were paired well with or beer. I will be back to eat off the regular menu on a future trip.  This place is worth it for a special treat.  Enjoy!
After living in Tallahassee for 5 years, my family, friends and boyfriend and I went here for a graduation dinner as a party of 9. The atmosphere was lovely, our server was very attentive and the food was phenomenal. Our server seemed eager to serve us all plenty of wine, which was certainly welcomed. We all shared crab cakes, salmon nachos with kimchee, and scallops for appetizers, and split a cheese plate 3 ways. I had the shrimp and grits entree, which was light and tasted so fresh. My friend who is lactose intolerant was made a special a la carte pasta as offered by our server. Everyone was impressed with their meal (even my dad who is skeptical of fancy/expensive food)! We split the chocolate cake and pecan turnover 4 ways. Both were amazing. I'm so glad I finally checked out this restaurant and I highly recommend it above every other upscale Tallahassee restaurant.
Limited menu and slightly over priced for quality and portion size. The seafood was really salty. We ordered scallops for an appetizer and they were cooked well but really salty. The pineapple salsa over the scallops lacked flavor and the texture was also lacking. I ordered the soup and that was also extremely salty and the seafood in my soup were not bite size... Don't order that if your on a date. The shrimp was very chewy and tough. My husband ordered a steak and that was cooked really well with a yummy hollandaise sauce and white asparagus. The French fries were typically. Even with the dish cooked well I still think it was over priced for what it was. The understand the quality of the ingredients make it expensive but the end product needs to be good quality too for those prices. I prefer Sage
Great food & good wine list. Staff and patrons were friendly. Steak was cooked perfectly and it was delicious.
The food is excellent.  Ordered take out and it was fabulous grouper with sides of collards and sweet potato andouille.   Hostess and servers very friendly.  Warm down to earth atmosphere yet elegant.  Have reservations for next night    Will be back next time I'm in town
I've heard a lot about Cypress, so when my mom wanted to go I was excited, knowing she'd pick up the hefty tab and that I could order what I wanted without it painin' me. They had a full bar, and I opted for a Bellini. It was decent tasting but the peach flavoring was syrup, so basically it was a glass of peach-ish champagne.  My mom's margarita was weak.  We ordered the shiitake mushroom soup and the watermelon and proscuitto salad.  The soup was good for the first few bites, but definitely over-salted... I couldn't finish it. The salad came with arugula and gorgonzola (I think), and was seriously delicious. For my entree I had yellow fin tuna with bok choy and other vegetables, and it was difficult not to scarf down.  The sauce -- a sweet, lemony, soy-saucy concotion -- was really yummy, and my tuna was cooked perfectly. The portion was smallish (especially for 26 bucks), but I was full.  I also tasted the vegetarian entree though, and it was again too salty.  The black bean enchiladas sure sounded exciting on the menu, but tasted pretty much just like black bean enchiladas.  I think every time I cook a meal I'm going to start writing a menu for it, like "fine semolina elbow macaroni gently swimming in a delicate cheese sauce, served with freshly shaken domestic parmesan." Service was just alright.. a little inattentive even though it wasn't particularly crowded.  I'd go here again, but not on my dime.  Kool Beanz is just as good if not better, significantly cheaper, and the portions are much bigger. I give it four stars because I really thought my entree was delicious, and nothing was bad per se.
Are you allowed to say orgasmic in a yelp post?  We'll see if I get censored, because it really is the best word to describe the fare at Cypress. We sat at the bar (great service!), and ordered from the bar menu to keep costs down, although the full menu was served at the bar as well.  I ordered the prosciutto and Green Hill (cheese) melt with basil and fig preserves served with truffle-herbed house cut fries (all for $8), sans prosciutto because I don't eat meat, and the chef must've felt like something was missing because he/she got creative and added apple slices as well.  It was incredible.  Even the bread had something extra special done... I suspect truffle oil was involved.   My friend just noshed on some sweet potato fries, also with truffle oil and sea salt and some kind of aioli sauce ($3).  They were seriously good. The real draw for us was the drinks.  We went for happy hour (half off 5-7, even on Saturdays) and stayed.  We each ordered something different in order to sample as much as we could: - The Hot and Dirty - my personal favorite, made to order to your personal tastebuds and spice tolerance:  stoli with olive juice and crystal hot sauce, served with blue cheese stuffed olives. - The Old Tupelo - an old fashioned with tupelo honey. - An amazing muddled strawberry concoction of cachaca (?) from Brazil. - The Tea Time Collins - an amazing, summery, relaxing, fresh sipping cocktail with Earl Grey flavors. - The Sexual Chocolate - not on the menu, a bartender's signature if you ask for something chocolatey (pour dessert!) with swirled dark chocolate on the rim. - Something amazing with espresso to perk us up... OK, so I'm getting less specific as we had more to drink. :) - and last but definitely not least, my go-to drink, a tall bloody mary with a cayenne pepper rim and an okra and olive garnish - NOM! I think I'm in love.
This was an amazing meal and the staff was so accomodating. We were rolling through town on our whirlwind driving vacation. It was my true love's birthday and we found that this place was close to our hotel. On Dec. 30 (a Friday) the last seating was at 9pm and we were going to be extremely close to missing the dedline. The explained to the hostess Caroline the situation and she made note. After we checked into the hotel and sprinted the block to the restaurant, Caroline was waiting with a smile to seat us. She gave us a great table and we apologized. She was more than happy and made us feel relaxed. Our server Chris was also fantastic. He recommended some amazing cheeses that accompanied my TL's beer and even brought me a tiny taste of the mushroom soup since I said I wanted to try it but would be too full if we were going to order all that we did.  It was SOOOOO good. I had the hangar steak. It was so amazing. Please order it. :) Cleve had the Shrimp n Grits. They were too citricy for me but that is my least fav flavor. If you like citrus get it. Cleve said he loved them because they were not your run of the mill shrimp n grits. The shrimp were very plump and cooked perfectly. We had a great time chit chatting with the staff and even went for a birthday carrot cake. It was unlike any we had ever had. I recommend it. If ever in the area again, we will return. Thanks again to Chris and Caroline for the great service.
Went here a while ago. I remember the desserts being the best part (I have a sweet tooth ^_^)
We were here 8 months ago and said we would come back the next time we were in town ... That said, Cypress did not disappoint us in the least. Our party of four was served by Jonathan M. and he was outstanding. Nothing helps to make a meal memorable like a good waiter or waitress! Good selection of beers - we started with an outstanding Maple Porter and continued on from there. Entrees consisted of Tuna, Hanger Steak, Ribeye and Pork Chop. Everything was prepared to order and arrived hot and nicely plated. All in all, this is a great addition to the Tallahassee dining scene and is not to be missed - actually, it is situated in a way that makes it easy to drive right by and miss it entirely. Next time in Tally we'll be back a Cypress.
Our favorite place in Tallahassee.  The shashimi grade Citrus-Soy tuna over coconut Thai-style rice was excellent.  The Buffalo-Andouille Shrimp was equally pleasing.  The wine selection was also quite impressive and the wait staff were very attentive. The ambiance is very classy and this is one of the nicer places we've found since moving here three years ago.  I would definitely recommend it.
We were down from Atlanta visiting family in Bainbridge and looking for a good place in Tallahassee.  Cypress didn't disappoint us.  When we got there, we were surprised to see it was the old Garcia's, but they have done a nice re-design job.  They had some good wines on the list, some that we were pleasantly surprised to see. The food was very good and we were happy with the service.  The cane-marinated steaks were a big hit at the table.  The stuffed flounder was also excellent. Cypress is definitely worth the visit.
I had a really lovely business dinner here. They were able to accomodate our party of 15 with only a few days notice, and the food and ambiance were both very good. I started with the forbidden sea scallops - perfectly cooked with a seared crust and a flavorful cucumber and jalepano relish. I wasn't as impressed by the bed of black rice they were on. For my entree I had a low country seafood boil - scallops (yes, I love them), shrimp, andouille sausage, and deliciousness. The seafood was cooked just right, the sausage was mouthwatering, and I sopped up that sauce with the fresh bread as fast as I could. Our table split several of the desserts, which also didn't disappoint. The fried apple pie reminded me of an upmarket mcdonalds, but was tasty! I didn't expect to find such a nice place in Tally.
If you are in Tallahassee then this place is a must. I am a sucker for local, fresh and sustainable food. This is the place and the wine list is great. Open for dinner only, the word is out so call ahead.
Amazing!  Great wine, cheese, and service!  Had the pumpkin seed encrusted snapper...WOW!!!  Had some mango salsa stuff on it and was on top of some badass plantains!  My wife had the lamb chops and they were outstanding, though a little rare for her liking.  I don't know the name of the desert we had but it was a chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream...soooo good!  Our waitress, Caroline, was really cool.  Service was remarkable! It's definitely our new spot...Sorry Andrews 228!
My husband and I wanted to try this place out and we couldn't afford anything but the appetizers!   For "dinner" my husband had the foie gras & half fried quail (special for the evening); I had the beef tenderloin carpaccio.  I didn't know that that carpaccio meant raw; so...I said something to the waitress, and she graciously took it back and I ordered another summer squash soup.   The local greens salad with the shallot vinaigrette was delicious.  I've been to Blue Ridge Hydroponics Farm where they get the lettuce from, and they really do a great job growing the lettuce.  The butterhead is delicious!   I really loved the summer squash soup....I highly recommend it to anyone who comes here!
I was visiting Tallahassee for work, and this was one of the few restaurants with a seat available on Valentines day. I was very impressed by the decor, ambience, and friendliness of the place. The menu was three or five course prie fixe. The menu was inventive and had a few homey southern touches. My biggest complaints were a bit petty: the plating was horrible. I mean it wasn't an ugly presentation, but the dish shapes didn't complement the food well and the food itself was basically dumped on the plate. Also, the menu had a few selections for each course. When the food came, the server did not describe the food or even remind me what I chose. I had to look up the menu online to figure out what a few of the sauces and accoutrements were.
Good if you have 4 hours to wait for dinner.  Sit with people you like.  It will be a while.
I had the MOST unusual salad with roasted brussel sprouts and a warm poached egg. It was delightful, warm, creamy, salty and crunchy. I finally understand what the people on Chopped are talking about depth of flavor. I can't wait to go back again. We had fried oysters with this yummy sauce. Now that I finally got to go to Cypress. I can't wait to go back!!
Have not eatern here for several years due to leaving town.,  But based on current reviews, it has retained its creativity and quality.  We regarded it as the best restaurant in Tallahassee, with nice Southern touches, wonderful salads, and entrees to remember, with luxurious desserts So any travellers are recommended to try it out, and we will try to enjoy it again if we get through Tallahassee.
This place is amazing. I live in Tampa and if these guys were in Tampa it would be my favorite spot. The burger is fantastic and for Sunday brunch I strongly recommend the crab cake Benedict is one of the best dishes I have ever had. Strongly recommend this place. Great service too.
My mouth is watering just thinking about Cypress... I've always been highly, highly impressed! The crabcakes are to die for & the steak is always cooked perfectly. Go-to place for special occasions.
OVERALL- I loved it!  I will so be back for more cheese and fun unique food!                                             SIDENOTES FOR THOSE INTERESTED IN CHECKING IT OUT- Cypress does have a $4 Happy Hour from 5-7pm which is only available at the bar.  Also, they are currently on restaurant.com.               For a much more in depth review, check out my blog somewhatgourmet.blogspot…
Excellent food and service. Great cheese selections for the cheese plate. Bouillabaisse was delicious as was the prime rib.
Dark interior Swanky food worth the parking Tuna was tasty
