First time dining at Newks...very good!! Cobb salad was huge and delicious...loved the green onions on the salad. Had a side of mac n cheese...yummy! Last...strawberry cake was comparable to a cake made by my mom (don't tell her). Will be back to try some other menu items soon.
Lots of delicious, fresh choices. Plenty of flavor. Generous portions. Heck, they even have Cherry Coke. You can't go wrong! Tip: the location, while easily accessible for locals, is also conveniently located right off I-10. Skip the fast food crap and stop here for your meal break!
For a chain, their salads and sandwiches are really great. I go with my wife and kids and have enjoyed their salads, sandwiches. My kids enjoy their kid pizzas and mac-n-cheese options.
The spicy shrimp pizza is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I also over-love their tomato basil soup.
I've gone a few times and thought 'meh' with my salad choices, but the atmosphere is great! Big area and lots of freebie condiments and such in the center which is a bonus. Also kept very clean and tidy. The last time I went I got the half pesto chicken sandwich and cup of mac and cheese and surprisingly I wish I'd ditched the mac and cheese and gotten a full pesto chicken sandwich it was SO good! The sauce on it, the pesto, the peppers... all blended together DELICIOUSLY and I was sad eating the mac and cheese without any more sandwich. Staff is always very friendly and knowledgeable as well.
Great sandwiches and salad. The grilled pimento cheese is amazing and unique. Nice condiment bar with breadsticks, roasted garlic, pickles, etc.
Love this place! So many choices on the menu and I always end up having the ultimate salad or the steak sandwich, because they are both so good! It's hard for me to try something new. Everything is always fresh and the food comes out quickly even during peak times. I have been at least five times since they have opened and the food and customer service are consistently good. Wish they would open a location closer to downtown!
We watched over the weeks as the former Morelia's storefront transformed into Newk's Express Cafe. Finally there were menus posted out front prior to their opening, so we got a hint of what was going on. Our first thought? Newk's and the word 'Express' screamed 'everything in the microwave!'. Thankfully, Newk's is a play on the owners last name (Newcomb, I think). We've already been twice, the goal being to let you know what to expect. The decor is fresh, the help in abundance, the menu comprehensive but not extensive. It's an order at the counter and we'll deliver it restaurant. Newk's does offer a twist - a "Roundtable" offering free breadsticks, condiments, etc. I'm already a fan of the hot peppers. Try the roasted garlic cloves - pleasingly mild. Choose from toasted sandwiches, several 10" pizzas, salads (HUGE bowls - you'll see), beer, wine by the glass - a nice variety without being overwhelming. Ordering, in spite of a fair number of guests trying out the place, has been quick and efficient. Just remember that it's just opened, so service glitches are unavoidable. But this is about food. What about that? My choice was the Italian sandwich. Plentifully filled and served nicely warm and toasted, this proved to be quite tasty. Sided with "Tippah County" caviar (black eyed pea salad), it was filling, and I'd order again. My partner tried the chicken salad, also toasted. A chicken salad connoisseur, she was pleased. Our second visit was with a close friend (our Wednesday night dinner partner). My wife wanted to try the pizza, and settled on  the Veggie. Our friend went with the Pesto Chicken sandwich. I went again with the Italian, but added a side Caesar and cole slaw for this round. My sandwich - very consistent with the first one I had. The Caesar salad was served with too much dressing, but I know to ask for light next trip. The Romaine was cool and crisp, not that wilty shriveled stuff one often gets.The cole slaw - meh, I've had better. I jazzed mine up with Cholula hot sauce, a good option for me. The Pesto chicken was yummy. Tastes were offered - 3 votes FOR, none against. A side of Tippah caviar was too spicy hot for our friend, but quite okay for me. The pizza got a very good rating. Nicely grilled veggies (Portabellas, red and yellow peppers, artichoke hearts, tomatoes) added great flavor. Fresh basil and pesto also tasted very good. The crust was thin and with a crisp bite to it. Well done, this one. Keep in mind this is not gourmet dining, but it really is tasty food. It arrives very quickly at your table. The "Roundtable" gives you something to much on during the short wait. The BOH crowd seems well trained; FOH friendy and accommodating. Would we go again? No doubt (and likely very soon - there's much more to try). Newk's has found a niche among the plethora of sandwich shops springing up in town. Hope you enjoy.
Really great place for sandwiches, soups, salads, and pizzas.  I've been there a few times now and not yet been disappointed.  I highly recommend their pimento cheese sandwich - basically just an extremely yummy grilled cheese!  Had a five cheese pizza the last time...also very good.  (Are you sensing a trend here with me and menu items where cheese is the main ingredient??)   ;-) I'm also always shocked at how quick they are...even when they are packed.  Plus they have Splenda-sweetened tea along with the regular good ole sugar kind.  And nice cups that you can take home with you and reuse. All in all, highly recommend if you are in the mood for something quick and tasty.
My mother and her friend told me about this place in he Village Square Plaza, tried it and loved it, there sandwiches are awesome, there salads are huge, you can eat it as a meal of itself.
Had the Italian, very very good!  However, uninterested staff w ear buds, cell phones, and whispers for voices.
Awesome! My office chose Newk's as our lunch for our office meeting, so with that said I needed to place about 18-20 individual orders. I called ahead the day in advance and was advised to just fax over all of my orders so they could see exactly what I needed. I told them I needed it ready by 12:15pm the following day. I called and confirmed they got my order, and the girl who answered was very helpful and friendly. I got to the restaurant a little early to make sure everything was running smoothly. It was during their busy lunch peak, but my very large order was ready right on time, even a few minutes early. Every individual order was nicely packed and clearly labeled with everyone's name so it was easy dividing up everyone's food. All in all I'm incredibly pleased with their service, and how easy it was to organize my large meeting. I highly recommend!
Although the soups can be hotter in my opinion, I love this place!!  They have different soups throughout the week, and the pizza's and salads are wonderful!  I also love their chicken salad sandwich, but don't care for the mustard they put on it, so I opt out of the mustard now! Overall, this place is fast and a good place to go for lunch!
Their soups and salads are to die for. I love this place. The Chicken Caesar and pesto chicken are bomb.
Great soups and salads nice real nice array of condiments
1st visit and the Italian sandwich was GREAT!!  Not like anyone else.  Got in at 11 before the lunch rush.  A long line a half hour later.  My wife's salad was huge.  Looks like I'll have salad tonight.
Newk's is a great lunch spot and the quality of food is top-notch!  I've often enjoyed the sandwich and salad combo with a drink.  The ingredients are fresh and the service is always on point.
Big space, big value!  We wanted salads and that's what we got.  We got tons of food for a great price and they were delicious.  The staff was very polite and helpful.  I'd come here often, if I lived in the area.  Then you could use that cheesy pickup line.  Yeah.
We have been to Newk's several times since it opened.  My guy is a big fan of their salads.  I like the soups, particularly the lobster crab bisque soup.  I have tried the salads, but they are huge even when you order a half, and I have issues with that much greenery.  Our last trip, the guy had the Ultimate, one of his favorites. I tried the mushroom bisque and half of a toasted chicken salad.  The mushroom bisque was great, nice and creamy with plenty of meaty mushrooms, nice flavoring and a peppery kick to it.  My only complaint is the brown mustard that Newk's insists on slathering on a toasted chicken salad sandwich.  It completely overwhelmed the more delicate flavors of the chicken salad and essentially assaulted my taste buds.  It ruined the sandwich.  I ended up taking the salad and lettuce off the sandwich and picking the non-mustard-contaminated salad out with a fork.  Next time, I will remember to order it without the mustard. Service is always quick and generally pleasant.  The place is  clean and the center island has a selection of bread sticks, roasted garlic, crackers, olive oil, wine vinegar, and other items for salad or munching. The bread sticks are pretty good dipped in a little olive oil and vinegar.  We're repeat customers when we are in the mood for salad and soup.
Newks is a quality lunch stop with excellent salads..soups..and sandwiches..You order when you walk in at the counter and then one of the Employees brings your food to your table; so it's a step up from fast food but not quite a restaurant if that makes any sense..while you are waiting for your food you can indulge in the Condiment Bar which has oils..vinegars..hot sauces..breadsticks..peppers..olives..etc..Some items I recommend to order are The Club Sandwich..Chicken Salad and The Italian which come with one side of your choosing...and then depending which day you are there they have 5 Daily Soups with 3 that change daily and they all are normally pretty good but The Chicken Tortilla and The Black Bean are my favorites...as for the salads a Small can feed 2 people and a Large could feed a Small Caribbean Country...it's hilarious when you see the look on a Customers Face when they realize that Washtub of lettuce is coming to their table...I will say avoid coming here between 11:30 and 1:00 unless you have a lot of time because this placed is packed with all The Wives of Killearn and Golden Eagle and various people on their lunch break..Only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is even though I always enjoy the food here I always have a little bit of Buyer's Remorse/Sticker Shock after eating here..kind of like after I bought my first 100 Dollar Concert Ticket(Eagles 1994) and 100+ Pair of Sneakers(Air Jordan's 1993)...A Sandwich with a Side and a Drink will run you 12 Dollars and add in a cup of soup and your looking at 15+....that just seems a little high to me for a lunch at a casual place like Newks
Great concept, decent food but lousy service. A rude cashier, food comes out not as ordered despite specific instructions, 5-6 employees seat around a table gossiping & laughing loudly in middle of dining room even cursing regardless of customers dining next to them. It was offensive & disrespectful. Not going back!
Everything I've had here has been high quality and delicious, even the pizza.  This is not the same kind of 5 star review I'd give to Bern's Steakhouse.  I rate each place against its "comps", and Newk's is head-and-shoulders over the usual salad and sandwich place (see Jason's Deli, for instance).
Best Salad in Tallahassee! The quality and consistency of the food is great and we enjoying having lunch there at least once a week.
Food and atmosphere were both great!  Will be eating here again.
really good personal pizza, My wife said the soup and salad was good but was too much to finish, we took the leftover soup home.
I am so impressed!! I love the Debora pizza. They have the ingredients down, its delicious.They just cook them a little to done sometimes. The sandwiches are incredible too with their salad.
