I really like this cafe! Had a Lox bagel and a coconut mocha. Both were delicious! Go there for breakfast, lunch, or studying - the atmosphere is nice. The waiters are very friendly.
How did I not know this place was here until today?! I'm a coffee fiend and here I thought I knew all the good places in town to get juiced up. Super cute little place and a tremendous variety of organic/fair trade coffees. And they have wine and craft beer! All my vices in one place!
Coffee done right. I wish this place was closer to campus (FSU), that's my only complaint lol. But wow, the lattes are perfect. So many different options, and the guy who works there is also very nice. Their cakes/pastries are home made and fresh. Their breakfast menu is also phenomenal. You can enjoy a complete breakfast at Catalina for $8. This place is 10x better than Starbucks, Dunkin, or atomic hands down. See you soon Catalina
Great service, great food, we had the lox bagel and turkey melt, delish! So good we came back for lunch and had the spicy tally melt.  They roast their own coffee bean, and have really dialed into great coffee.  When I went back  for lunch, they were making and espresso coffee cake, looked yummy! Staff and owners are very friendly.  You can tell they really dig their job!
Stopped for a 2nd visit just to pick up a few coffees and lattes after a great lunch early in the week....this place really wants to please and I am hopeful they can grow as it is a great location and management.
I stopped by and, with a little guidance, ordered an aero-press-brewed sumatran coffee. Against my usual barbaric impulse, I tried it with no sugar or cream, and it was a delight. Fantastic coffee, expertly brewed. I only wish this place were closer to my house!
My caramel vanilla blended latte and meat quiche were amazing!!! Definitely coming here again!! :)
We had the turkey melt and the ham avocado melt. Good food overall, but a bit plain. The atmosphere is very laid back and the coffee is good
Pleasant coffee shop. Decent latte but didn't compare to Atomic Cafe latte. Delicious homemade quiche...by far the best choice at the table. Egg sandwich was average but would have been much better if the ham was pan-fried first or at least warmed up. Good bagels.
From gourmet organic fair-trade handmade pour-over coffee to all fresh ingredient sandwiches to countless other magnificent treats, this is the place to be!  Add to it the personal touch of the local owners and first-class service of their top baristas, this is elegance defined!  Come see for yourself.
This place was really chill. I spent the entire afternoon there this past Sunday and it was very relaxing and enjoyable. I got a lot of reading done. The baristas were very helpful and cheery! The coffee was alright, but the latte was really good! If you're looking for a place to feel like you're at home, but still has that coffee shop buzz of sound in the background, this place is perfect!
Driving from miami to new orleans, we needed to stop somewhere to have breakfast and grab a cup of coffee. We looked on yelp to see which place was worth getting of I-10. This place had good reviews, and even though it was a little far from the interstate I have to say it was so worth it!  The Service was great, super friendly and nice. It's a super chill relax place. Plus they have ALmond Milk for the coffee! thats a two thumbs up in my book!  I had a piece of the cake of the day which was a Chocolate cake with an espresso buttercream!  It was so moist and fluffy and delicious! the buttercream was so smooth! it was perfect!!!  and my boyfriend ordered a piece of the pumpkin bread! it was perfection! we loved it!  definitely recommend it!
Love it
Great coffee and atmosphere.
Awesome business that serves locally roasted coffee with a press or pou-over brew option!  They also have 100% Crushed Fruit smoothies, awesome sandwiches/paninis made with freshly baked Breads, and locally Baked Sweets!  Truly an amazing experience
This is the best coffee shop in Tallahassee, bar none. The staff are amazing. Everyone working there is knowledge and friendly, and they're happy suggest something delicious if you're being indecisive. They have a huge selection of latte flavors, and I have yet to find one I don't like (try the Praline Promise if you can't decide). They also serve fresh made baked goods, including cakes, pound cakes, cookies, bagels, and muffins, and all of it is delicious. Their lunch selections are pretty great, too. There's nothing not to like about Catalina. Do yourself a favor and check it our.
Learned about the place through one of their Groupons. They are in front of Sams on Capitol Circle; in the Mike's Oriental Sea Food shopping center.  The place is relatively small but cozy, displaying what I assume to be local art on the walls since it is a bit hodge-podge.  However that isnt as important as the yummies! On our first day we learned that the breads/cakes/scones/etc is baked locally and without preservatives.  By I believe Three Brothers Bakery (a home based business I've seen at Saturday Market Place).  This makes the the edible goodies quite delectable. But the fact of the matter is I like coffee. Their selection is quite titillating. For starters they have a menu of option that seems to get added to with the seasons. Flavor combos that other fishy-related-mainstream-chain (which I also love) just doesn't have, unless its 'that' time of the year.  If you like your coffee plain no frills then this too is the place for you! He has more brewing contraptions than a high school science lab! The beans are locally roasted and ground the moment you order then brewed in which ever contraption you like! You can often find the owner there who'll easily engage you with a warm smile and in conversation on coffee, the weather, or his latest acquisitions. I do believe they serve lunch but so far content with coffee, breakfast sandwiches, and scones. *Disclaimer, they are not cheap by any means. The prices tend to range close to $4-5 for the coffee concoctions I like and about the same for sandwiches..so if hungry you can easily drop $10-12 per person. I know it hurts the wallet but on weekends sometimes I just can't help myself..
Good thing is the baked stuff is all homemade but selection was very limited when we went. Nothing was really excellent.
I like this place a lot. I've had a few different food options, which were tasty. I generally go there for coffee, though, and their coffee is enjoyable. They do press or pour - it's nice to have options. I hope this place picks up in business, because every time I go there they seem to be pretty slow. I hope I'm just hitting them at off-times, because I'd hate to see them disappear!
Just left this adorable cafe and had to write a review. Such good coffee, awesome service, and tasty food! The tomato melt was soooooo good! The coffee was just as pretty as it was tasty. Almost Everything was local and homemade.... a super conscientious business! Loved it! Ill definitely be back here every time I'm in Tallahassee!
Searched for a local cafe nearby Buck Lake and this one popped up on Google Maps. First day here and like it so far. Yummy, Pumpkin Spiced Latte and found out that the beans are roasted locally. Homemade scone was delish. Free wi-fi. Cute ambiance.
Currently the only place in Tallahassee that I know of to get a cup of manual pour-over coffee. If you haven't tried it, and you like coffee, you should. It takes a few minutes, but gets you a fresh cup poured just for you (worth the wait).  You can choose from between several different coffees, all locally roasted. If you're in a hurry, they have drip coffee ready-brewed as well.
Great coffee, delicious baked goods! We will visit again. Thanks to this "yelp" site!
I had the Carmel vanilla latte which was smooth and so delicious, served hot with artistic foam top. I have been looking for a great coffee shop that would rival some of the cafés I visited while in San Francisco and I think I found the same quality and vibe at Catalina Cafe.
Catalina Cafe is a little outpost of delicious coffee and a solid (small) base of food offerings wrapped up in a relaxing atmosphere. I found the baristas to be patient and helpful with information, as well as friendly. I really love the iced coffee. Cold brew with coffee ice cubes, smooth, rich, velvety, and with no hint of bitterness. I don't know how they do it, but I am a complete fan. The price is also very fair for the size. Both times I got a 24 oz iced coffee and was very pleased with my choice and the consistency of the product I received. The lavender latte, honey latte, and chai tea were also very good, though the lavender was a little sweeter than I would normally order for myself. Still, very good, very consistent offerings on all fronts. It can take a bit more time to receive some of the drinks, particularly the pour overs, but it felt like the right amount of waiting. The breakfasts that I tried were all good, mostly sandwiches and quiche. The BLT sandwich with cream cheese on whole wheat was my personal favorite, the cream cheese added a nice balance to the crispiness and acidity of the other ingredients, and the bread was toasted well. Definitely a return visit for whenever I'm in Tallahassee.
Fantastic service. Work with you to get what you want. Quiet and relaxing set up. Also their food menu looks great! I appreciate that for being so original, their prices aren't through the roof. They actually know their coffee and how to prepare it which, as a former barista, I appreciate heavily. I got a cafe au lait of Costa Rican. My mother got the Victoria tea. Very delicious.
Great coffee, great sandwiches, great prices. The atmosphere is calm and inviting. Great place to have coffee with a friend or be productive.
We just moved to the area and were yearning to find a local coffee shop. Another joint was closed already and I was so glad we got redirected to Catalina Cafe. Had the coconut mocha (with coffee cubes and fresh made whipped cream). That delicious concoction disappeard before my eyes...met some cool people inside too. Probably won't be looking for another place, Catalina will do juuuust fine :D
Just another hipster coffee shop. Wait this isn't Atlanta? I only stopped inside to grab a coffee, and ended up with a iced lavender and honey latte with almond milk instead of normal milk. And it wasn't just iced, the ice cubes were coffee cubes! Yay for extra strong coffee. The lavender was quite overwhelming for me... so in the end, I had to add more milk. The flavors were just slightly off at that point... so next time I'm in the area I will need a tamer flavor. The lavender and the creamier consistency of the almond milk was just too overwhelming. HOWEVER. Those coffee ice cubes sold me 100%. Will be back the next time I'm in Tallahassee.
Thank you Yelp for another great recommendation. If it wasn't for Yelp, I wouldn't have discovered this little gem. Heck, I barely discovered it with Yelp. Be warned - the address listed above will take you close to the Cafe, but not quite. You'll need to go a few hundred feet forward and make a left. The Cafe is facing Capital Circle and is really easy to miss since it's so nondescript. We were looking for an easy breakfast place near our hotel on Capital Circle and Catalina Cafe popped up. It's a cozy little coffee shop with great coffee, pastries, and hot breakfast options. I ordered the Pumpkin Spice Latte, which was very rich and they follow my instructions of "not too sweet" perfectly. I had a breakfast bagel, which was hot and served fresh. However, it did take a while to get our food. They were working on a large catering order while we were there and the tiny kitchen was extremely backed up. They brought out our sandwiches one at a time and by the time the last person in our group got their's, I was already done with mine. Just an FYI that the food isn't very fast. If you're looking for a cute little coffee shop away from campus, I would highly recommend Cataline Cafe. It was very cozy with plenty of tables and couches for students to study on.
Nice quiet spot for lunch, coffee, and reading. Good variety of menu item and great coffee. The ingredients used in their sandwiches and wraps are fresh and high quality. I also highly recommend their cold coffee with coffee ice cubes!
First - it is a coffee shop with a funk going on that I really like!! My cafe con leche was amazing complete with a work of art on the top. Since I was here for breakfast I had a sausage, bacon and cheese quiche. It was more of a casserole but amazing!! The pumpkin cookie with cream cheese icing is so good that I'm going to buy another one to go. Hubby had a sandwich with egg, sausage, bacon and havarti cheese on an great whole grain bagel. Yum.
Had an aeropress coffee and it was very good.  We also had a turkey wrap and asked for no bacon (and they put bacon on it anyway).  Strawberry and Mango smoothies were overly sweet (didn't pay attention to how they made it, but they claimed it was 100% fruit).   I should add that they appear to roast their own beans (in a small micro roaster) and have many coffee brewing options (pour over, chemex, and aeropress).   I would go here again for the coffee, not for the food.
Best latte I've had in Tallahassee. My wife and I also had a sandwich. I forgot what is was. It took some time but was fresh and tasted homemade. Very impressed. The ambiance was relaxed. I don't know if the a/c was broken but it was HOT in there. My wife and I were not comfortable and we spend a lot of time outside as is. I hope they can fix that. The staff was cool. I think the owner was working based on what he was saying to the customers. He was polite and was interested in how we liked the meal. That is always a big plus. The prices were reasonable. I would go again no doubt.
Very cute little coffee shop in an unexpected location. I got a flavored iced coffee (vanilla caramel) and it was good. Somewhat expensive, but on par with other specialty coffee shops in the area. I would recommend.
I don't want to be too harsh, because the lady at the counter was pretty nice. However, the food I had was plain nasty. I ordered the quiche. It was everything a quiche should not be. It was like a a layer of thick eggs with air pockets at the bottom followed by some cheese and tomatoes on top.  So nasty. I don't really understand how quiche could get so wrong. There are a million recipes for quiche online. Epicurious has a really good one (Madame Quiche). Just follow it, then taste it. Seriously, just thinking about it makes me gag. It was one of those experiences that might turn me off of quiche altogether.
