Before we get to the food, I have to say how nice the people that own and run this place are. They close at 3 and we got there just after; they still invited us in, took our order and spent time chatting with us while the food was being made. The food was different and some of the best I've ever had; vegan but you couldn't tell. The gyro and BBQ tvp made of soy meal and the black bean burgers were juicy and tasty. Everything was well seasoned and fresh!
Stopped by here on a road trip. Got a few sandwiches. The prices on the weekends are amazing (normal prices are great as well). The sandwiches were all really hearty and tasty. They have a pretty big menu, lots of great desserts as well.
Very affordable, interesting vegan soul food joint. I love these types of place (been to others like it in places like Atlanta). I ordered the lunch platter because I couldn't decide on just one item. The platter gave me a veg choice with cornbread, mac n "cheese," and a protein. I couldn't decide on a protein - they all sounded good, so I was curious. The polite young woman taking order told me they could give me a little bit of all four proteins to try instead of me picking one. Perfect! I really did like all the proteins, esp the bbq tofu. The cornbread was moist, not too sweet. The collards were yummy (so nice to get them not tainted with animal fat!). I really enjoyed the punch made with a Red Zinger tea base. Where they lost me was the Mac n cheese. Way too sweet. It seemed like there was actual sugar in it. Bummer. Still happy to award 4 stars. Will stop in when I'm in town on business again.
The special today was vegan pizza which looked great but I chose the Jamaican Island special. It was a spicy rice dish with firm tofu. There were a few beans in it along with wonderful - and very spicy spices! The collard greens were excellent - perfectly seasoned served along side a hunk of wonderful cornbread. It came with a small green salad with cherry tomatoes, onions and sprouts. I should have asked how much it was before ordering because it was over $11. I also ordered the citrus ginger drink that was very refreshing. Ill be back but will order more selectively so as not to spend $14 for lunch.
This might be my new favorite vegan restaurant. The food was amazingly delicious and real stick-to-your-ribs kind of food. You order at a counter from a large menu behind the counter. They don't have all the items every day; each day is something different (like today the veggies were glazed carrots and collard greens). I opted for the lunch "platter". For only $10, I got a wonderful, hearty vegan meal. It's a choice of meat substitutes (I chose the curry tofu), vegetable rice or mac & cheese (I chose rice), and collards or glazed carrots (how could I NOT get the collards?). And, a piece of cornbread. There are also other menu items - like daily specials, pizza, salads, etc. - it's a big menu with something for everyone. After you order, you sit on the other side in a very nice, sunny dining area and they bring out your food. It was super clean, and had the utensils and napkins at the back. There is also a big thing of water (serve yourself). My food was out of this world. The curry tofu was perfect. I sometimes shy away from curry because I don't like spicy food - this was not spicy at all; it was flavorful and the tofu was so good. The collard greens were wonderful too, as was the rice. I really enjoyed the cornbread with my meal. Both sets of my grandparents were from the deep south, and as kids we grew up eating collard greens, but, there was always some kind of big pork-foot or the like cooked with them. I had not eaten collards in so many years, and I was truly amazed at how good they were without any meat. I loved that. I am only in Tallahassee for 2 days, and I can't wait to go back tomorrow. The people who work there are very nice and soft-spoken; they are happy to answer any questions you have about the food. The prices were very, very reasonable. There is a parking lot in the front, and they have free wi-fi.
I have to stop here whenever I pass through Tallahassee - the staff are so friendly and the food is so good! A hidden gem here in this town. Vegetarian food even non-vegetarians can enjoy. Love the BBQ TVP, collards, mushroom burger, cornbread. Real wholesome, vegan soul food.
Tasty all vegan food...not necessarily health food. I've had pretty much everything, The gyro, BBQ tofu, BBQ kalebone sandwiches all awesome and cheap. The vegan Mac n cheese has no competitor in Florida. The salads though are even better! The carrot supreme which is a tuna style carrot sandwich is soooo good and the seaweed salad makes a perfect pairing. Cornbread - delicious. Collards - delicious. Lasagna is very good. Pizza, unique and homemade. Ginger punch....omgoddess!   I love the people here, they are an African American religious sect and are very good people. All vegan. Never eaten there; most people are used to taking out from there. I went there a few Sundays ago and she said "You know what today is? Half off day!" I couldn't believe I got a full meal for 4 dollars. Don't forget the Sunday brunch...you may as well jut spend your whole Sunday here. Support this place!
Okay, this is not going to be everyone's cup of tea, but it really has a cool vibe. First off, it serves soul food, which is never a bad thing if you were raised on this side of the Mason-Dixon line. It is a true hole in the wall where you park in grass, order at the counter, and in a few minutes they bring out a plate of heaven My friend and I opted for the Barbecue TVP, now I have no idea what TVP is, but it was really good (so I probably don't want to know). That was followed by an order of Mac n Cheese, some yams and some of the best Apple Pie I have tasted. All of it clearly vegetarian. If you are a linen napkin lover, order your wine based on vintage years and expect valet service, there are better spots to dine for you. But if you are looking for something off the beaten path, you might enjoy this!
Probably the best vegan/vegetarian food I've had in Tallahassee! This place is amazing--definitely worth checking out. C:
If you have a serious need to eat gluten-free, I do NOT recommend this place. I ate there with a friend at lunch today after missing their food for years, having moved away. I recently learned that I have have Celiac disease, so I have a medical need to eat gluten free. I was excited to see when visiting Soul Veg's website that they offer a lot of GF options, and the first thing I said when ordering at the counter was that I was open to suggestions about what was good, as long as it was GF. The very nice woman taking my order said that she too eats GF, and I did not ask why (those who choose to do so may forget that those of us who do not have a choice if we want to stay healthy need to be more strict), which may have been a mistake on my part. She made a recommendation and assured me it was GF. We took our seats and I was excited for the food. The GF mac and cheese was ok, really oily though. The other food was good, though very salty. Probably very good to most palates not used to vegan food, or used to salty food, but heavy for me. About an hour later I started to get a headache, reflux, then the other GI symptoms that can follow those unfortunate times when I unknowingly ingest the offending proteins. I checked their list of GF items online and saw I'd been served food on their "contains gluten" list, despite my extended discussions with the person taking our order. She was not the server and I do not know where the problem was: if she does not understand what GF really means, if she didn't know that would be on the plate, or if there was miscommunication somewhere between when I ordered and when I was served. That said, if you just want some good vegan food, the people are nice and the food is decent. We were never brought the to go boxes we'd asked for, ultimately a good thing.
AWESOME.  I struggle as a vegetarian musician to find well-balanced meals on tour.  I stumbled across this hole in the wall and was ecstatic I did.  This is the real deal.   I ordered a plate with mac 'n' soy-cheese (they make all the soy stuff themselves, no processed anything!), collard greens, and tempeh with BBQ spices (the best I've had).  My boyfriend had a delicious veggie burger.  We split a ginger juice thing also that blew my mind. The prices were great and I left feeling full and balanced (yes vegetables!).  And the people running the place were very nice and answered our many questions with smiles.  I'll definitely hit this place up next time I'm in Tallahassee.
A unique vegan experience in Tallahassee. Great vegan pizza (kale bone), live salad & collard greens (great seasoning). Friendly & knowledgeable staff. (And, don't forget the amazing chocolate cake!)
"Soul Veg" started as a small little food cart down on FAMU's campus over 15 years ago.  They've been specializing in vegetarian and vegan/gluten free version of popular american and international dishes.  In April of 2010, they officially opened a restaurant as a base of operations for their 2-3 food carts still working around Tallahassee. They serve BBQ tofu, mac & cheese, collard greens and corn bread, along with various specials, vegetables, desserts and drinks daily. Live salads and a variety of wheat-free items are also served. You really can't go wrong with any of the items on their menu.  It's a great place to eat lunch or dinner, with a date or a huge group of friends. I would recommend trying to catch the Sunday brunch (1st Sunday of every month.) It's the best "sausage" you'll get anywhere in Tallahassee. I would say my only gripe is that a lot of the time their mobile food carts use styrofoam and plastic bags/utensils.  I just wished they had a more eco-friendly alternative. Definitely would recommend, and definitely going back.
Soul Veg is a great small vegan restaurant. My favorite dish is the mac n' cheese paired with the barbequed TVP. Seems a bit weird as a combo, but trust me, it is so amazingly delicious!!!!! I love their pop-up shop in Railroad Square during First Fridays. The people that work at Soul Veg are super nice, helpful, and knowledgeable about vegan cuisine.
The restaurant only offers certain dishes on certain days of the week, so check their menu before you go if you're after something specific. I'm in love with their chili mac and cheese, and I'm so glad I no longer have to trudge through First Friday to get some. Their collard greens and ice cream are really good too.
I love soul veg, but some days their mac and cheese is different than other days. Most of the time ill leave there feeling a bit heavy. Other than those two things the food always tastes great and the people that work there are the friendliest.
Excellent mac and cheese. The spaghetti is also great. Here's hoping they will expand and open one closer to where I live.
This place is amazing! Soul Veg was recommended to me by a friend from work. I'm so glad that I went to check it out. The space is a little small, but it feels more comfortable than cramped. The staff was very friendly. They were all smiles as I asked about their menu and the specials. I got a black bean burger and a side of mac n' cheese. The burger was delicious. The lettuce and tomato were very fresh and the hint of BBQ sauce gave a refreshing tang. I had seen some mixed reviews about the mac so I decided to try it for myself. It was really good! The sauce was so delightfully creamy! One order of mac is definitely enough for two or three people. I saved some of mine and ate it left over. It tasted even better the second time! I will be going back to Soul Veg very soon to check out more of their menu.
I've heard so much stuff about there food that I had to finally take a day off and go check it out. While strolling through First Friday, I was always unable to see the reason why there was such a long line. But once I go into the store the smells tell me it's great food. How easily I was disappointed. I wasn't sure about anything so I got the famous Mac and cheese. So it tasted good for maybe 3 spoons full. Then it started doing terrible things to my mouth and then my stomach. It just tasted like fake food. I'm slowly giving up meet. I'm down to just seafood and on occasion some turkey. But this just wasn't for me. But I still think everyone should at least try it once.
Excellent place. Make sure to get the Mac and Cheese.
"Not just amazing vegan food-- it's just amazing food! And now with gluten free! It's a wonderful food haven for those of us who have restricted diets. It is also a haven for those who don't. :)"
$5.00 dinner. It was great.
Great people, great vibe, great food.
I have worked in Tallahassee multiple times over he last few years.  Since I have began eating a vegetarian diet I use yelp to find vegetarian restaurants in cities that I work in. Tonight was no different, I checked Yelp and found Soul Vegetarian restaurant not far from my hotel.  I decided to give it a try.  The central road to the restaurant is closed so check to ensure you can find it Ok. I have to tell you the trip and driving around detours to find it was well worth the drive.  I had collard greens ( vegan) and the black been burger also vegan, to drink I had the ginger drink they offered.  The entire meal was just $12, you cannot beat the value and how tasty and warm the food was.  I cannot wait until I return in a couple of weeks to try something else from the menu.  Well worth the drive for he value and the taste of the food.  Do not be scare to try vegetarian food, specially this place. It is great.  You order then you go and seat, they will bring you the food to the table.  The place is small but clean and smells great.
