Definitely a place I will visit again when I am in town. It's not an over-the-top place or something that wows you with the atmosphere - it's just a restaurant with good food and that is completely fine with me. My group of friends all got different items so I was able to try a couple of the entrees and loved everything. I ordered the Mac Daddy burger with sweet potato fries. OH MY GOSH - the sweet potato fries were just too good. I was continuing to eat them even after I felt the urge to throw up from eating too much. The burger was delicious as well - a good size burger patty topped with mac n' cheese, fried pickles and bbq sauce. SO GOOD! I also got to try the PB&J burger - surprisingly amazing. PB&J wings were awesome as well. Loved the food, loved our experience. I'll be back soon!
While looking for a decent gastropub type place where we could have some drinks and some food that could satisfy a vegetarian palate, this place popped up on Yelp. On a Monday night around 8:30 it was largely empty, but there are enough tables so we weren't dining alone. We had a bunch of sides and everything was really quite good. The mac & cheese, sweet potato fries, veggie chili and especially the blackened green beans were all really up to par. And yes, as someone else mentioned the sweet potato fries are a crazy ass portion but they are wonderful. The bill didn't top 20 bucks and was overall quite satisfying. The only problem is that this place is plagued by too many televisions, which is epidemic here in Tallahassee. And the back patio has this really odd yellow green LED lighting which gave me a headache. Overall though you can actually eat decent southern-ish food here at a good price.
"Enjoyable place. Chairs a little tight on wider hips though." A group of friends met at Midtown Caboose for dinner and drinks after work on a Thursday early evening. We shared appetizers of Buffalo Chicken Dip and Crab Rangoon. The apps were delish! Everyone chose either a burger, wrap, or sandwich and from what I heard everyone was pleased with the food. The ladies night drink special included 1/2 price beer, wine, and well liquors. The specialty drinks were fun and well made. The chairs for seating however, left much comfort to be desired. Anyone with wider hips may want to request a booth as the chairs do not accommodate larger hips. We didn't venture outside to the deck so I can't speak to that. Overall a good experience. Next time I'll be sure to ask for a booth though. Visited July 2014
Great place to have a beer and a burger. If you want a more family friendly place, compared to Well's Brothers (Monks), then you go to this place. It is nice and clean, not as divey as I would like, but it is awesome nonetheless.
Open my eyes on the creativities of making burgers. I have tried four different kinds so far and they are all unbelievable delicious.
I had the Mac Daddy and some kind of Blow Pop drink. Everything was delicious! The Mac Daddy is a burger with Mac and Cheese, BBQ sauce, and fried pickles on it and the drink tasted just like a cherry blow pop. My only complaint is that it's a little pricey, but other than that, it's a great place.
My significant other took a couple of days off from work, so having her around for lunch is a rarity. Forget Chick-Fil-A, Wendys' or any other jam and cram fast food joint. Let's get serious about a lunch. I'm all about casual, and Midtown Caboose fills that role. It's laid back in a good way. Before anyone says anything about 4 stars on a first visit, let me offer that we had the great fortune of having Celia for a server. Knowledgeable, helpful, attentive without being overbearing - exactly what good service entails. An example - I asked for hot sauce (which I like to slather on everything including salads) to zing up my Cilantro-Jalapeno cole slaw. Celia took time to recommend the best spicy dishes - red beans and spicy chili sides that she says have some kick. That's almost a first for me, a server that offers a suggestion for the next visit. Enough dallying. The food. Significant other ordered the Ty Cobb salad. At $11, it's pricey for lettuce, but....I went way off my Paleo diet and decided I'd do a Knuckle Sandwich with the aforementioned slaw. The Cobb - every time I get this it ends up being a tossed to oblivion mix. Not so at MC. Every ingredient is quite purposely plated, each ingredient in a neat pile around the plate. Hey, a kitchen that cares about presentation. Served with Wasabi Ranch dressing, it was deemed 'excellent'. Not so spicy loving SO said the wasabi wasn't hot, but very flavorful. She ended up taking a sizable amount home because she... ...ordered a side of sweet potato fries! That's not on my Paleo diet either (damn!). When tey arrived my heart sank - they're crinkle cut so obviously not hose made. How good could they be? Turns out they were way better than good. Crispy'ish on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and delivered screaming hot, they actually tasted like sweet potatoes! Okay, I'm not sold on ketchup as a sweet potato fry condiment, but they did hit my french fry spot without being terribly non-Paleo. The Knuckle Sandwich. Ah, yes. Taken from the burger section, this could just as well have been from the sandwich column. Think Reuben meets hamburger. Actually think VERY GOOD Reuben meets VERY GOOD hamburger. Celia asked for my temperature preference - I asked for medium rare. In a rare twist for Tallahassee cooks/chefs, I got medium rare. And a tasty medium rare, with that just off a charcoal grill charred flavor. Thank you MC. A large pile of not fatty, not gristly pastrami, excellent, not sour sauerkraut, just enough Thousand and spicy mustard so I knew it was there. I ended up with a complete half sandwich to take home (and I'm not known for leaving food on the plate). It's clean inside, and there's a large outside patio for al fresco dining. So only 4 stars? Well, it was our first visit. No doubt MC hot a homer with us, but it takes a couple of reviews to earn a reputation and 5 stars from me. Midtown Caboose certainly upstage the original Monk's-now-Wells Bros on Tharpe. Back to MC? No doubt. and soon. A suggestion for prospective diners and MC - offer those sweet potato fries with melted butter, honey, and a dusting of cayenne. Just a thought, because MC does a great job on their own.
All I will say is . .     Outstanding ! Food Service Atmosphere   Value Love this place !   Burgers are Great !  They all kinds of fun options or you can make it the way you want it. Full bar and fun atmosphere.  The outdoor bar is great.  I will absolutely be back here soon.
Midtown Caboose was recommended to me by the Yelp app while I was in Tallahassee. It's a burger place with a pretty big variety of sides and there are lots and LOTS of burgers. After perusing the menu for a little while, I ultimately decided on the Runaway Train burger. The burger comes with apples, bacon, cheddar and maple aioli. The burger itself was cooked just right and the flavors of the salty bacon, savory cheese and sweet caramelized apples mixed to form one of the most interesting burgers I've ever tasted. Midtown Caboose has a HUGE selection of sides and I opted for the Cajun green beans. Great choice. They were perfectly spiced and oh-so-tasty. I haven't ever had green beans spiced so well. I loved Midtown Caboose. Wish there was one in Tampa! Can't wait to go back.
I'm back in Tallahassee after two years away and am super excited about all of the new places that have popped up. Midtown Caboose is an awesome addition to the midtown area. I ordered the Runaway burger and absolutely loved it. My roommate had the Chick Flick and had equally good things to say. I especially love that we ended up there randomly on a Thursday- hello ladies night! Half off wells and drafts (yes, all craft beer drafts included in that.) Service was quick and friendly. I will definitely be back!
This place has a very interesting menu and everything I tried was quite tasty. The buffalo appetizer dip was fantastic and the sandwiches were great. I think someone could try just about anything on the menu and be satisfied. This is great lunch spot with a variety of choices. I am looking forward to trying it again someday!
Midtown Caboose is located in the heart of midtown tally near the police station. The interior and outside is sporty modern industrial design with a outdoor balcony eating area (we i at inside since it looked like it was about to rain and my hubby wanted to watch a soccer game on TV- the place has a lot of tvs just like monks). Since the place is new it is very clean which I liked compared to monks. We got to choose where we wanted to sit (like monks) and once seated a waiter quickly came over to take our orders and within 10 minutes we had our food. I had the maui wowie burger and my hubby had the mac daddy (I hope I got the names right, I don't quite remember lol). My burger was pretty good. I think the concept, taste/flavor combinations and idea of the burger was good but the turnout not quite as good as I expected. The shrimp in my burger were not crispy, they were soggy. The sauce was delicious!!!....but they barely put any on the burger :(. But the meat/burger was cooked medium as I asked. Overall, good idea and concept but could have been better executed if the shrimp was crispier and if I could have more of the sauce. But still pretty good. My hubbys burger was the one with mac n cheese, fried pickles, bacon, and bbq sauce on top of the burger. It was like the burger version of what mobi food truck does in town (they just do tacos instead). This burger was pretty good. The bbq sauce is really really sweet (but we did get mild instead of spicy). The flavor combinations were good and everything was cooked correctly for my hubbys burger. Mac n cheese not too soggy, bacon crispy, burger cooked as medium as requested, etc. Overall I think Midtown Caboose is a higher end/nicer burger joint/dive restaurant sister restaurant of monks/compared to monks. More expensive than monks, nicer (you actually eat on a plate and have silverware unlike monks), and the quality of the ingredients/ingredients they offer and flavor combinations are a step up from monks. (When we went there were older people who ate here to compared to at monks were we mainly see college students.) Overall, I would go back and recommend this place to friends visiting. Considering this place is in Tallahasee/comparing to other restaurants in Tallahassee this place is really good. Though people coming from out of town might not be as impressed as people who live here/are from here and never left town. Remember, this is Tallahassee,Fl.... not Gordon Ramsey burGR in Las Vegas lol.
Imagine "Monks" (Tharpe St. Fame) but better!  Hard to imagine improving on perfection... I know.  Yet it's true.  Midtown Caboose is the perfect addition to the Five Points.  We ordered two apps (peppercorn goat cheese / pulled pork wontons) which were both (brace yourself, dear reader) Divine.  That word was uttered by my wife - so it's true. My entree was the sushi chef.  Sublime.  The product of a creative line.  My wife had Taylor's turkey train.  She says "heavenly" - we both thought our own dishes were the better of the two. Dessert?  Oh sure... The Gordon T for two did not disappoint. We're regulars.  Period.
A friend and I met the Welles brother's parents while having lunch at Monk's. They were wonderful people who told us all about the caboose. In fact, they were so convincing that we went later that same day. The parents were there and we got a chance to meet the Welles brothers, who are just wonderful people. Oh yeah, the food..... The food is fantastic. I've not been the biggest fan of the food offerings here in Tallahassee, but this place and Monk's just don't disappoint. I ordered the PB&J wings, which the father had suggested - FANTASTIC! Cooked to perfection, with just the right amount of Peanut Butter. I also had the Nighthawk, which is a pastrami sandwich with a fried egg, a jalapeño slaw, and just other awesomeness. I'm not trying to oversell this place, the food speaks for itself. However, I'm just enthusiastic because it's been very hard to find really good food here, compared with Gainesville and other towns. Great place to be.
Ughhhhh everything we are was phenomenal. Buffalo chicken dip is flavorful without being too spicy and the pita is delicious. Great beer selection. I had the Chick Flick with onion rings, which was awesome. Tasty burger, fresh arugula & batter on the onion rings has a faint beer taste. Boyf had the Maui Waui with sweet potato fries. Waiter Ivan was so nice and attentive! We'll be back.
Adored this new restaurant! One, has a fun vibe to its atmosphere and two, best burger I have had in a long time! I was adventurous and tried The Runaway Train which consisted of a burger patty, maple mayo, caramelized granny apples and bacon. The sweet and savory mixed perfectly! I also split the giant banana split sundae with the table which easily fit three people for dessert after a massive burger.
I thought this place was supposed to be open until midnight?!?  My fiancé and I tried to eat here last week at 11 and they were already flipping chairs and cleaning the place so we went somewhere else. Tonight we called at 11 to place a to go order the girl who answered said they were super busy and to call back in 10 minutes. When we called back no one answered. We went to caboose at 11:30 and the doors were locked and no one inside. Clearly they just wanted to leave but change your hours or at least be honest if thats the case! Thats a good way to lose a couple of customers!
I was extremely excited to try this place out but unfortunately it didn't come close to meeting my expectations. We started off with the buffalo chicken dip with pita bread that was actually pretty good. What ruined this place is their horrible "turkey" burger. I ordered the chick flick with goat cheese, arugula, and a fried green tomato. While it sounded and looked amazing, I couldn't even force myself to eat it. It was incredibly over salted and was obviously not home made. Known for their beef burgers, how could they even think about using pre-made, processed frozen patties instead of fresh ground turkey? Overall, it was pretty disappointing and whatever you do DONT order the turkey burgers!!!!
I did my first trip to the Midtown caboose last night. WOW!!! I have seen reviews both good and bad. So I needed to see for myself. I sat at the outside Bar(Inside was packed) being alone and sat down to a Sweet Tea. Good atmosphere, servers were into there jobs behind the bar. I ordered the Chick Flick Burger (thinking it was chicken)but it was a Burger of Red Meat. I learned you can substitute chicken if you like. The Burger cmoes well dressed and with a Fried Green Tomato. I also got thier Tater Tots, a personal favorite in any form.  Biting into the burger, I for a moment lost myself in it. The Flavor was fantastic, and the "Sauce" with the Fried Green Tomato took me far away from where I was sitting. I have not enjoyed a burger like that in so long, and ate the whole thing. Total price was 14.58 with Drink. Good size Burger, good helping of tots. Worth the price just for the taste I experianced last night.  Topping it off is the Eclectic TRAIN" motife. CLEAN Kitchen and tables, smiles all around from the Hostess right to the Server and a vibrant crowd of people. Granted 90% younger than me, but HEY, I live in a collage town. Well worth the trip for dinner last night and may become a new favorite for that and a drop in or two for lunch. Will update again when I go again......if anything changes.
Exactly what midtown needs. A fun, clean, exciting place with amazing food.  Location is perfect and makes going there just for dinner or for dinner then a night out extremely convenient. I had the pb&j burger with french fries and my boyfriend had the classic burger with fries.  I actually got jelly on mine this time which made it so delicious.  Like Monks the food was exceptional. What i really enjoyed most was the atmosphere and service.  We had to wait like 20 minutes which was fine because we got to go outside and enjoy the amazing outdoor deck with two bars and very sweet bartenders.   They came out and called us in and our server Julia was so kind, had great and honest suggestions, was extremely quick, and overall very sweet and professional.   We will definitely be back!
Had the chick flick and it was messy but fantastic...husband thoroughly enjoyed the monte cristo...only negative was the pizza chips appetizer which was way too bland...basically fried dough balls paired with sub par marinara and oddly enough nacho cheese so don't waste your dough(sorry for the bad pun)
False Advertising.  "Happy hour - 1/2 off domestic drafts".  Fat Tire, made in Fort Collins, Colorado ("domestic") on tap ("drafts") not included. No toilet paper. Had to use paper towel. Server was clueless. Food was good... but very pricey.
They were really busy but the service was still pretty good. They have a large menu. I ordered a vegetarian sandwich- the jenifer- and it was delicious! Messy, but a great sandwich. Normally when you order a vegetarian burger at a burger restaurant they aren't very good, but I was impressed it with. My husband ordered the Mac daddy and that was a great hamburger as well. The burger patty wasn't a high quality burger necessarily but it was cooked the way he requested it, medium rare, and definitely worth the price. Overall, great experience, yummy food, reasonable prices! We plan on returning to explore other options on the menu!
Outstanding food. I've been to monk's countless times, and the caboose is even better. Brand new burgers, as well as a big selection of wraps and sandwiches as well. I will most definitely be returning in the near future. I highly recommend the Mac daddy burger: single patty topped with Mac and cheese, perfectly cooked bacon, fried pickles, and your choice between 3 BBQ sauces
Figured I'd wait several months after The Midtown Caboose opened to finally go there to eat, since it's located on the exact spot where The Paradise Grill and Bar used to operate...With all the nastiness and depravity that occurred at Paradise from The Staff and Patrons over the years this place has to be somewhat like a cursed Indian Burial Ground....I was hoping The Gods Fury had tempered after several months and they would no longer be seeking vengeance for all the past wrongs...Midtown Caboose did an excellent job on the remodel and on the outside it looks like an actual Caboose..The space has an Inside Dining Room and a beautiful outdoor patio/bar which must be awesome on the 3 nice weather days Tally gets in The Spring and again in The Fall..I was somewhat familiar with what Midtown Caboose would offer food wise since I had been to their sister operation Monks/Wells on numerous occasions..to start with I ordered a beer off their excellent Craft Beer Menu..The Caboose has a nice selection of craft beers including numerous Florida Offerings...I ending up ordering a Pale Ale from Jacksonville's Intuition Brewing...we started with an appetizer of Pulled Pork Wontons...these consisted of Pulled Pork..Cream Cheese..and Jalapeno's wrapped in a Wonton Shell and Deep Fried and served with BBQ Sauce...they were fantastic...for mains one of us got The Liberty Bell which was a Burger topped with Philly Cheese Steak..Sautéed Onions...Green Peppers..Secret Marinade...Garlic Aioli..Swiss Cheese and served on a Kaiser Roll..the other order was The Rudy which was  Roast Beef..Pickles...Red Onion...Gouda...Wasabi Aioli all served on a Baguette with Au Jus on the side....both of the sandwiches were fantastic and way more food than we could eat especially after our appetizer order...we sat inside and our server was fabulous and brought everything quickly when asked...so why not 5 stars you ask?...go back and re-read the ingredients on what we ordered...Midtown Caboose's entire Menu is like that, where they just keep adding more and more ingredients and toppings to every dish...while it all tastes great at the time, almost all their dishes are the types that give you a damn "Food Baby" while your still in there... if you make to many trips to eat here your own Caboose is going to be the size of Midtown if you don't watch it...this is one of those joints where I like it, but I need to limit my visits to 2 or 3 times a year, unless I decide I want to go through one of my "Fat Elvis" Periods..definitely a recommended stop for good food and drinks..just be careful out there Tallahassee...4 Stars and one of the better places in town
It's a little pricey for a burger joint, but the quality seems to justify the prices. The green beans were very tasty.
Went here with some bros on Valentines day.  I belive is run by the sane folks who established Monks (now Wells Bros) so expect a delicious variety of inventive burgers. I had the "Knuckle Sandwich" I highly recommend it.
The location is great.  Awesome porch with plenty of seats and TVs and fans.  Nice beer selection.  Lots and lots of burger choices with tons of unique toppings.  However, we ordered the Mexicutioner burger and were a little disappointed.  Even with the queso, red beans and rice, jalapeños and onion rings, the burger didn't have much flavor.  It seemed to me like the burger was not seasoned at all.  We were pleased that the burger was cooked a perfect medium though and it was a good size.  Love that taters tots are a side item.  We also got the buffalo dip appetizer and loved it,  you get plenty of dip, with large chunks of chicken and it's packed with flavor.  We will be back to give the burgers another try.
Interesting burger menu.  The s'more burger is more of a novelty then some stellar sweet and savory concoction but some of the other burgers are good particularly the sushi chef and the runaway train  The crab rangoon is yummy.  Fries are mushy so opt for the excellent onion rings instead.  The mac and cheese was disappointing - I ordered some sides for the table to sample and no one opted for a second bite.  The wine selection is subpar and the waitstaff is clueless about the few options that they do carry,   I have had terrible service on all of the three occasions that I have eaten there.  (One waitress commented that she was surprised than an older woman like myself had ordered the s'more burger.  lol.)
Fabulous food, maybe even better than Monks. I've been twice since they opened and got the Chick Flick both times... can't wait to go back and try something else!
