This would be the place I would go whenever my friends would go to Jenny's or Atomic. I loved the Pita Fries so much that I've even made them at home. It is divey enough to keep some people out and local. The food was always good. I'd get a sandwich or a gyro, everytime never let down. The decor was wood and divey. I liked it, always had a nice vibe in there. Pricing was decent for a kid on a college budget. I can't complain.
This is the greek place FSU students go to eat gyro for cheap. Its located next to atomic coffee, gumbys, and target copy. There is parking in the back but good luck finding any! The food here isn't super fresh or anything but its still pretty good (and did I mention cheap?). What everyone gets is the combo meals. Basically get a lamb (or chicken) gyro, and pita fries with a drink. The greek fries are good to but its basically just french fries cut into crinkle circles (for those that don't like pita). You can get all that for like $8. I say thats a pretty good deal. Oh, and they have baklava! Overall, great little greek place, its cheap and fast and pretty tasty.
I ordered the gyro royale and my boyfriend a chicken fajita pita, he doesn't like his, said the chicken is not flavored enough, but quite enjoyed my goat meat. I have to say though it doesn't look very appetizing but the goat meat is real good!!
Food is good and priced good, location is great walking distance to some business and parts of FSU. Only thing I didn't care for is me and a friend paid, the cashier said "Our dining room is closed, you'll have to take your order to go" although there was an ample amount of people still there, and it was 15 min before closing time. The proper business practice is that you stop taking orders by locking the door at closing time, and your paid customers can dine as they please, not start clearing house because you want to leave at 5 after closing!. But that was sometime ago.
Some of my coworkers walked into the office with some takeout and I knew instantly I needed to have some.  I've been here dozens of times and love the food.  Gyro Royals combo with Greek Fries and a Sweet Tea is what I always get.  Today was no different. Value: The price of the food is very affordable for the quantity and quality of food you get.  I never leave hungry.  My meal was $8 and change. Taste: The taste is what keeps me coming back.  They gyro is flavorful and the Greek fries are a relic on their own. I've come many times just for the fries. Today, my meal doesn't disappoint. The sweet tea is fresh and perfectly sweetened. 4 stars! Unfortunately, I have to drop to 3 for one, very important reason: cleanliness.  The place could use a real good hose down.  Dust on the Plants. Sticky counters. Grime on the table legs. Avoid the restroom! Disgusting. Dirty. No soap. No paper towel. Grafitti. Just plain nasty.  The latCe night crowd might not mind, but as a daytime professional looking for lunch, this could be a real turnoff. Im
Pitaria 10 years later still doesn't fail! Only thing in 10 years that has changed is the price, of course! My days at FSU were from 2001-2006 (5 year plan thanks to the college of Engineering lol) and I've probably gone to Pitaria more than 60 times hahaha. Still have my college house in Tally (up for sale now that bro is done with college) & when we would go to visit we would always visit Pitaria! I always get my regular - chicken supreme with pita fries. Pita fries are my hands down fav menu item. Recently went to Pitaria before watching the FSU vs Miami game this year and we stopped by Pitaria....lord knew devoured those pita fries. Parking is located in the back and shared with establishments on that strip. Don't forget to try Gumbys while there!
This place is a Tallahassee institution and a local favorite. So I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet because I lived in Tally for 7 years and have been to this place too many times to count... but two words: Pita Fries. I promise that you will not find Pita Fries anywhere else. I know that I've looked tirelessly to find some, but no such luck. This is your no frills, walk-up counter type of Greek place but the food is not to be taken lightly. All of the pita sandwiches are liberally stuffed with the filling of your choice. My favorites are the Gyro Royale and the Gyro Supreme. The Greek Fries also deserve an honorable mention because these aren't your average fries, they are little fried coins of deliciousness. Be sure to check out the daily special, because those are worth considering too. Overall, the service is generally pretty good and the food will always leave you appropriately satisfied. Pitaria is and always will be a Tallahassee favorite... especially for the Pita Fries.
I stopped in for lunch while in town on business. The gyro was good but the Greek chips were disappointing. The service and atmosphere were fine. I'd rate it a 3 1/2 if I could but not a 4.
Oh Pitaria, my hopes were so high! I love a good Gyro and when I saw they had Fattoush, I knew exactly what my meal would be. After reading through the reviews, I knew this wasn't authentic by any means, but it sounded delicious nonetheless. Based on those reviews I added an order of Pita Fries as well. I called in the order ahead of time on a Sunday evening and was told it would be 10 minutes. After 45 minutes of waiting, I still had no food but plenty of opportunity to watch this place in action. With only 2 tables with 2 customers at each and no one on line, I couldn't understand the wait time. No one was calling in, no one was picking up orders. Weird. I was so excited about my pita fries, and so hungry from waiting that I opened my to-go box right on the patio and took a bite of steaming hot crispiness. Perfect texture, but WTF??? What is the over salted seasoning that these poor fries got bathed in? I figured in my greediness I just took one over salted one from the top, so I dug in and tried again. WTF?! More salt! Now just to reference, by no means am I adverse to salt or seasonings, but this was gross. The meat and pita fries tasted like they were made with old oil and then covered in seasoned salt to cover up the mediocre flavor. Unfortunately the gyro, the salad and the salad were all seasoned with the same exact seasoning blend, so not only did it all taste way too salty - it all tasted like crap. If you're a broke, stoned college student then I'm sure you'll love the food, but mine went straight into the garbage can.
Oh how I will miss my Pitaria!!! Can you guys open up in Tampa, too?! My friend introduced me to it and the first time I got a roast beef pita and (at her insistence) the pita fries with dip. While not the most Greek and adventurous, the roast beef pita reminded me of a yummy cheeseburger but it's the only thing I have ever ordered. Also the pita fries are PHENOMENAL strips of pita fried up and served with an amazing dipping sauce. We got the cinnamon pita fries once and they were great but the pita fries are just outstanding. Pretty plain interior and decor but there's a market next door and there's plenty of seating both in and outside. Parking can also be an issue behind the building but overall totally totally worth it! Go try it, you won't be disappointed!
Killer gyros/chicken pitas. No lie, I credit this place with my insatiable appetite for Greek things. Lol.
Food is great and a good bang for the buck.
Gotta correct some other reviews: this place is definitely NOT cash-only  and the parking situation isn't bad at all.  Sure, it's not a huge or glamorous parking lot, but there has always been a spot for me when I go there. Onto the food.  YUM.  The gyros are about as good as they come, and the pita fries are TO DIE FOR.  You must get them.  They don't seem to exist outside of this restaurant, so not only are they delicious, but also super-special. Service is okay.  I've had some strange moments there.  For instance, when I wanted a refund because the soda machine was out of what I wanted, and the cashier looked at me like I was an alien, telling me that the two drinks I bought "only cost a few cents."  Well excuse me! Other than that, no issues.  Awesome food.  Go forth.
I miss their Pita Fries ($3.50)!  There is nowhere else that I have found to make them for me.  They are slices of fried pita bread, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Seasoned with just the right amount of spices and served with delicious sour cream and cucumber dipping sauce. Sigh... Their classic Gyro is also nothing to laugh at, filled with twice the meat of most places, add feta for true bliss.  They are within walking distance from campus, and parking is a nightmare.  Just walk there, and walk off those pita fries. They also have yummy desserts, and a free refill soda fountain.  Cash only, but there is an ATM.
I don't know why, but it seems, as of late, I don't feel like places I go fall neatly into the 5 star scheme. Here, I would give Pitaria 3.75 stars.  I do enjoy it, but saying I am a fan seems just a TAD to much. Anyhoo, most of the food here is pretty simple "greek" food. I put it in quotes because of one of my favs, the fajita pita (something tells me that isn't a classic Greek dish). I have had a couple other dishes here and they have all been pretty good, but not exceptional. I have always enjoyed it, but the have been a couple hiccups (my fiancee's greek fries were pretty bad last time). I have heard complaints about the staff, but I have always found them to be pretty friendly. And I don't know about the parking complaints. The lot behind iit has never been full when I went. All-in-all it is a cool little place with decent prices that I definitely recommend trying out.
Pita fries, yummy. Steak and cheese with mushrooms, onions, and mayo wrapped in a thick soft pita. Opa!! Authentic great greek food with great service from a very friendly staff. Prices, well what can I say other than Tallahassee has so many places that are so reasonable for all the college students. Forget the big name chain restaurants, this place and many other's are small holes, nothing fancy with excellent food and prices. :) Gyro sandwich hubby said was really good. But onto the fries, they are seasones pita fries, long, thick and we got our's with hummus on the side to dip. Pure delightful!!! Three people for dinner $26.....and we were full and happy... Great place and awesome friendly staff...
Once upon a time, I went here way too often for a chicken supreme pita with no onions and extra peppers in a combo with pita fries and really good tea, and I ate that at least once a week because it is mfin delicious and also fairly cheap and not greasy fast food, and I suggest it to anyone who likes good Greek casual food, but not if your favorite is hummus because that is their weak spot. The End
Ok, the negative first: I wasn't too impressed with the inside of Pitaria. The table and chairs were old, and my chair was uneven that it rocked back and forth. It was a hot summer day in Florida during the middle of June, and the a/c didn't seem to be blowing out enough cold air.   Despite the temperature of the restaurant, Pitaria's food was amazing! I had a gyro with hummus on the side. I was so surprised how stuffed the pita was, and how much hummus came with it. It was delicious! The food was so good that it canceled out the negative! I would go back to the Pitaria again, but maybe get "take out" the next time around it's a hot summer day.
Nice college atmosphere about a block off the FSU campus. Large sized sandwiches and salads that are served fresh and made to order.  Prices are reasonable for the portion size and quality. I had the vegetarian platter which had falafel and hummus. It was tasty but just not off the charts, clean your plate quality. Servicable and good. Tried my daughters grilled chicken greek salad and I have the same opinion of this dish. Good, but not great. Indoor and outdoor seating. It was busy but the line moves quick and food is served very fast. A good lunch while visiting the campus. I am sure it beats the options at the school.
Great combo specials, falafel wraps, hummus, and pita fries! Not going to lie, I was a bit skeptical of these pita fries but they turned out to be absolutely addicting! The seasoning is really tasty and they're a decent size. Falafel wraps are large and filling for the low prices. Side portions of hummus are also a generous size. I'll definitely be back next time I am visiting Tallahassee
The food is just ok, and to be honest its pretty overrated. When asked if they had any souvlaki, the cashier girl gave me the blankest stare I ever received while ordering food, so obviously this place isn't the most authentic you'll visit. The falafel is pretty good but what I usually get is gyro with tzaziki in a pita. The pita fries are the best thing on the menu here, for sure. As for the interior, its pretty ugly so I just sit outside.
The best hangover food that costs very little dinero can be found at Pitaria in the form of their gyro And we can't forget the pita fries slices of heaven and huge in size If I was a young college co-ed this would be my go to spot rolling out of bed But I would stick to only their Greek menu fare the meatball sub and wings, I'd only eat on a dare Hence the reason for only four stars but again, their greek eats are way above par Can't to visit Tally and my son again soon So I can drink too much and then eat here at noon!
Good place for a casual, tasty meal. Extensive menu of sandwiches and pitas.  They have several combo meals such as any sandwich or pita, pita fries or Greek fries and a drink for around $7.50.  They also have combos with salads. There is also a good variety of vegetarian options on the menu. Place and pay for your order and then they will bring it to you.  There are tables inside and several outside.   The portions are reasonable.   Parking is behind the store and during peak times can be a little tight. They're open until late at night. You can order their food through CapitalCityFood.com and so you can get an idea of their menu and prices at capitalcityfood.com/rest…
I like this place. They have a wide variety of options for you to choose from and very rarely do I leave the place not feeling satisfied. Also because it has falafel and hummus and other common greek foods on the menu, it's vegan friendly... if you dig that kind of stuff. I will say though, do not order the fish. It has made many of my friends sick after they ate it.
This restaurant is close to the music building on campus, so I walk here every once in awhile for a quick bite. I usually have a falafel and hummus platter or a gyro. The falafel is delicious, and the gyros are pretty amazing. The hummus has great flavor but can be a little dry. Olive oil is your friend, Pitaria! I also recommend the pita fries.
I work at FSU and walk to Pitaria at least once a week.  This is the only restaurant that I'm willing to walk off campus for on a regular basis. The food is outstanding, authentic Greek food.   I haven't found another Greek restaurant in Tallahassee that comes close, and I love Greek food.  Prices are reasonable, the lunch special with a drink costs me about $8.50 including tax.  My favorite meals are the regular gyro or the chicken gyro, with pita fries.  If you get nothing else from Pitaria, make sure you get the pita fries.  They are unbelievable. The service is interesting.  It's always the same people in the back, and almost always the same cashier.  I definitely wouldn't call it friendly service, in fact I'm almost scared to talk to anyone but the cashier.  Sort of like a Seinfeld episode - order, sit down, and wait.  But the food is fantastic, served quickly, and I make a point of taking my out of town guests here.  None of them have ever been disappointed.
5 stars for their PITA FRIES! Have been going here for years, even after college I crave their pita fries! A definite must during your undergrad college years. Other than the pita fries, the gyro wraps are pretty good too. They have an amazing Mediterranean creamy tomato soup the owner makes once in a blue moon that is def. to die for as well. Don't expect five star service though, remember it is just your regular college joint, just have a side of the pita fries and it'll be all good.
Have you ever seen the episode of Seinfeld with the soup nazi? Well, this is exactly how it felt talking to the "manager" at Pitaria. I was skipped over by about 8 people, so I asked where my food was. 3 orders later, my food came out. Naturally, I wanted to talk to the manager to see if he could compensate me for my time. He proceeded to YELL at me. "ABSOLUTELY NOT! I GAVE YOU YOUR FOOD RIGHT? GET OUT OF HERE!" I asked him if he was serious. Seems like he was. Mind you I am a young professional living in Tallahassee (seemingly contradictory I know), who was courteously trying to lodge a complaint with management. I asked him his name and he absolutely refused, "WHY DO YOU WANT MY NAME?". Stay far away from this place as they do not care about their customers, and head over to the friendly, professional and delicious Little Athens gyro around the corner.
Yea, that's right - "Woohoo!, As good as it gets!" Why? Well to start, Pitaria is basically right on campus... Well worth the few extra steps past the "same old, same old" Subway that gives you like 4 slices of turkey and a ton of lettuce on your foot-long... the pitas here are enormous!  I eat a lot and just one of these babies and a side of AMAZING pita fries filled me up (Subway leaves me hungry). And you can't beat the price! ***Pitaria will cost you less than lunch or dinner at Suwanee/Fresh*** I can't think of a better place to grab a hearty dinner around here. The atmosphere is really nice. You'll feel like you're on a Greek island (You'll understand that cheesy joke once you get there). Most food joints around campus are either boring franchises or greasy holes-in-the-wall. Pitaria is extremely healthy and the staff is surprisingly helpful, but most importantly - good eats!
Unfortunately I only started eating at Pitaria about 2 months before I left Tallahassee... big mistake. The food is tasty and relatively quick. It's a healthier option than a lot of take-out places in the area and the menu is fairly extensive. The pita fries are AMAZING! I never had anything less than a good meal here. Parking is a pain, so walk here if you can.
Bottom line: Pitaria makes excellent pitas, falafels, and fries of all kinds. Their falafel pitas are filling, cheap, and super delicious and paired with pita or greek fries is one of my favorite meals. Get the tzatziki instead of the tahini in your pita, it is yummy! Also, a kind of odd comment, their soda machine has always tasted off to me. I would usually get the Diet Pepsi and it always had a weird taste. I tried other drinks from the same fountain and they, too, tasted wrong. Maybe it's the water?
Solid gyro place. I went during the lunch rush and the place the packed, but service was still very fast. I had a standard gyro with the "Greek fries" which were large, round-cut french fries. The fries were pretty basic, but their novel shape made them a little less boring. The gyro itself was very good. Nothing incredible, but with tasty meat and a warm pita. At the Pitaria you order at the counter, and then they will bring to food to you. The restaurant is pretty small, but has a little "grocery" section adjoining the dining room where they sell specialty items. I enjoyed the Pitaria, and prices were decent. The combo meals, which include fries and a drink all seemed to be priced around $8. The only complaint I really had was that the only parking lot is behind the building and very cramped. Give it a shot if you are near FSU's campus!
Pretty good! I've had better Greek food down near Tampa, but that's because there is a huge Greek population down there...so maybe my hopes are always too high. Pitaria, however, is good enough and satisfies my Mediterranean needs. The gyro is good, the chicken caesar pita is good, and the pita fries are delicious. It gets extremely busy around 12:30-1pm, so get there early if you want to avoid the line!
I haven't had much experience with greek food, so this is not a review on the "Greekness" of the place but just the quality. Great place to eat. The pitas are a little smaller than I originally thought but loads better than pita pit (aka subway in a pita). I have never heard of pita fries till I went here. Something good to try. Really constantly nice workers and nice atmosphere. It is just kinda difficult to get to but that shouldn't stop you from going. One of the better places to eat in Tally.
It was good, that's all you need to know.
II used to live in Peabody Mass where there was a large Greek population and a ton of great restaurants.  When I saw that Pitaria was a Mom and Pop joint I had high hopes for some good eats.  Not so much.  Chicken kabob plate was awful as well as the spinakopita.  If you want great Greek food in Tally just wait for the Greek festival and pig out.
Gyro: excellent. Falafel: excellent. Pita fries: excellent. Hummus: excellent. The pitas themselves are thick and soft.  The baklava is good.  The price is very good, but not absolutely amazing.  Still, a very good value for incredible food.
Pitaria is good, cheap, and fast. I always get the pitas. They have several different kinds and they are very filling. You can get a combo with a side of your choice and a drink for around 8 dollars. My favorite is definitely the pita fries. I haven't been in Tallahassee all summer and I definitely missed them. I usually get their hummus too, which is pretty authentic. This is a must for fast paced college students!
I love love love Pitaria! I usually just get the regular gyro, which is really good, but the last time I went I got the falafel gyro and it was fantastic! It may not be the prettiest place, but definitely go there for the food, you won't be sorry! (Be sure to get the pita fries too). :)
This place is overrated. The chicken and beef kabobs were just okay but the meat wasn't that tender and the portion was small. The hummous was some of the grittiest I've ever had and flavor wasn't great.
Delicious food, large servings, quick service, good value.
Not sure why people are orgasing on themselves over this place. It's fine. Just your basic Middle Eastern fare. enjoy.
The tzatziki sauce was way too salty... everything was salty... I'm not anal about greek food but this was a let-down. Honestly, I didnt even bother finishing my meal ... go to Little Athens across the street- it is a massive improvement for about the same price! And the tzatziki sauce actually tastes like tzatziki sauce. I won't be coming here again.
Love their pita fries, hummus, and Gyros! Too good. Great spot for waiting for your next class on campus or for grabbing a quick bite if you happen to be on that side of town. I have never not liked anything I have eaten there.
The fries, greek style, are amazing.  The gyros were okay but bland.  It's a great place for cheap and quick casual food.
Pitaria is one of my favorite place in Tallahassee. Most of the reviews here are pretty right-on, so I'll just say that my favorite is their Greek Salad with gyro meat. Their vinaigrette dressing is super yum!!!
Went in with my son as a first time visit. Cashier was so sweet. Offered to make my little boy a simple grilled chicken with fries dish, since he's picky and they don't have a kids menu. I had a gyro, added feta, with Greek fries. It was delicious. Even their regular fries are awesome. I will definitely be back.
Hummus and Tabouli pita, pita fries, feta and tomato salad with that red dressing they leave out at the tables!!!! Yum!! I miss Pitaria!!!
I've been going to Pitaria since I was in high school and keep going back.  Sure, the location and decor isn't so great (I liked it a lot better when it was next door and there was a mural of Athens), but the food is awesome and consistent.  I always get Fozi's falafel pita and pita fries.  The falafel is really good, crunchy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside.  Also, bonus points for being green!
A large heaping portion of what could be a home cooked meal. The pita bread was really quite good but nothing I couldn't make at home. This  place is cheap and good for a quick bite. The bathroom is not so clean and the ambiance not terrible but not the nicest either.
Very reasonably priced and delicious!!! Every time I leave there I am satisfied- sometimes stuffed. Even my vegan friends love it! The gyros and felafel pitas are excellent, and I also like the cheese steak and caesar pitas as well. When you go, you MUST get the pita fries. They're addicting and come with a yummy tzatziki dipping sauce. Mmmmm.
I have to say this isn't a very authentic greek restaurant, but it's quick and pretty darn delicious. The pita fries alone are reason enough to keep me coming back, but their falafel pita and salads are top notch as well. The food is pretty cheap for what you get so on a college student budget, it's definitely worth stopping by.
Their gyros aren't the best in Tallahassee, but their pita fries are to die for! They probably have one of the best pita fries I've ever tasted and their gyros are decent too.
They have an amaizing greek food , try the gyro IT iS THE BEST , also try the fatoch salad , shawerma , hummus ,
If I could eat at Pitaria every single day, I would.  The food here is exceptionally good and provides a unique departure from most of the food in Tallahassee.  Gyros, pita fries with tzaziki, cinnapitas... I'm starting to drool.  Also, the service staff are cool and pierced.
I really love Pitaria!  I get their Chicken Caesar pita with Greek fries and I never regret it.  The service is fast/good and there are always plenty of places to sit.  The food always tastes fresh, too. My only complaint is the parking: there basically isn't any.  There's a parking lot in the back for about 2 other restaurants, and like 10 parking spaces in total.  If you're a student with decal, you can park in a teacher's lot (after 5pm M-F), but it's still a walk.  If you're not a student, you're probably out of luck when it comes to parking.  But that's not their fault. :)
Only had a minute to get a supreme gyros and a falafel, but what we had was great. It's not a fancy place, primarily serving the college crowd, but it was quick (except for the credit card machine, hopefully that was a temporary glitch) clean and delicious.
Great place open on sundays. Best gyro ever get the supreme.
I love Pitaria. I first went there when I was working for Doorstep Delivery and the food always looked so good, that I had to try it. I've been 3 times and loved my gyro every time. I think that the gyros are about even with Little Athens, but Little Athens has much better pita fries. You can see right back into the kitchen and trust who's making your food and the staff has always been friendly.
Pitaria. Struggling to find a suitable place to eat dinner on our first night in Tallahassee, we hoped Pitaria would deliver the good Greek food that we read about on yelp reviews. It is located near the FSU campus, and we noticed the worn-out look of its parking lot and interior, as sometimes accompanies campus favorites. We both liked the taste of our falafel pitas and bean pitas, with delicious pita fries and tahini sauce dip, but unfortunately there was a large olive pit in one of our pitas.
Parking lot in the back, which was convenient, if a little tight.  Lots of seating and open space, and the food was delicious.  Subtracting one star because my girlfriend bit into an olive pit and the employees offered little more than an "ehh, it happens."  Examine your gyros and you should be good.
How I wish I was into Mediterranean food as much as I am now back when I lived in Tallahassee. Came back to visit and tried Pitaria to fix a falafel craving. The falafel pieces are probably the best I've had thus far. It was my favorite part of the meal. I also had a lamb kabob and a beef kabob. The beef was just okay, but the lamb was very tasty and tender. The hummus tasted very fresh, a big plus, but it could've used a bit more garlic and lemon. The pitas were also surprisingly good considering that I normally don't care for pita. (Only a few restaurants have gotten me to actually enjoy it as a food instead of a cardboard-like food holder.) I did have to take off one star for the decor. The tables felt very mismatched and dirty, and this always makes me a little wary. I think the restaurant would benefit greatly from a modern, clean makeover. Of course, food is the most essential element for a restaurant, right? And the food was fresh and delicious. I'm not sure if I'll be visiting again before I end my vacation, but I'll definitely go back the next time I'm in town.
I love this place!!  Always went there for lunch when I lived in Tally!!
Great gyro and cheap prices. The pita fries are great and the vegetarian platter is a really good option for non-meat eaters (rare to find!). This is not gourmet eating...just quick, fast, and cheap.
Have had the pita fries, the gyro, the veggie plate, the falafel. Gyro is pretty standard, nothing special, but good for Tallahassee. I believe they Pita fries are pretty good and seasoned well. The Gyros use the standard Kronos meat which is a premade gyro. Veggie platter is good, hummus isn't the greatest. The desert items from the grocery store next door however are excellent. Try the angel kisses. They are catering to college students so I understand why they can't take it up a notch and make the flavors more authentic. Falafel is pretty good, nice and green, and one  of the better ones in Tallahassee if not the best, out of maybe 5 choices, so take that as you will. It tastes and looks like falafel but isn't missing that gooey inside and some more flavoring. If you need some greek food, this place does it but don't expect to be wowed unless you aren't very experienced with greek food in places that have large greek populations for instance.
Not impressed with gyros.
Pitaria does good business for a reason! I really enjoyed my gyro- it was flavorful and not greasy or dry. The Greek fries are yummy (though a few were dry), but they need more seasoning. I wish it were a bit cheaper, but I can't quibble too much with good food.
I had a gyro and let me say it was great. The meat was seasoned and cooked beautifully, there was just the right amount of filling for the pita. Very good.
terrible,  if you are expecting something good to eat try going somwhere else.  we came here and had gyros,  they were terrible.  it had good reviews, and i use yelp weekly and have never been let down but this place sucks.
