Teds does a great job for chain food. Unfortunately the last time I was there my bison filet sucked horribly, but every so often people make mistakes. This review is for the overall experiences, not just one mistake.
Loved this place.  Go early if you don't want to wait for a table; it is very popular and very much worth the price!  I had a bison burger; my friend had the bison short ribs.  We both agreed our food was delicious!  The homemade pickles were very salty, but good.  Service was fine, and the manager on duty was checking with the customers to make sure everything was satisfactory.  Fresh cut fries, paper straws, and even the dog loved the rib bones we took home for him (the only thing we didn't eat)!  Like any other place, order your burger "rare" if you want "medium-rare," etc., but you can't blame a restaurant for not wanting to make anyone sick, after all!
Never had ison before and I gotta admit, pretty delicious.  The service was awesome and after Wes ate his Bison filet, he made it rain the next day at work!
Great atmosphere for a lunch. We are on the road for the holidays and stopped in for lunch. Our server Brooke was friendly and professional and the food as hot and delicious. I had the Vermajo with a veggie burger and it was juicy and flavorful and my husband had the America's Cup with the bison burger and never talked during the meal which means it's fantastic. When we travel this way we will be back.
The Bison short ribs were delicious and soft, fall off the bone. The cucumber appetizer was delicious. The mashed potatoes were delicious. The fresh strawberry margarita was delicious, though expensive. Overall, good quality and good service, though the food takes a while to prepare and it's expensive.
I normally love Ted's.   But this trip the service was sub-par.  The food is always great don't know why the service was bad.
I have been to this Ted's Montana on several occasions.  I have never had an issue.  My only issue would be that it is crowded most the time, but that is good for them.  I am not a huge bison fan.  I will eat it but would not be my first choice.  For burgers, you have a choice of bison or angus.  I highly suggest the angus over the bison.  The meat has a much better flavor and is far moister.  Burgers are large and worth the price which is higher than many other chains.  Meal deals run from time to time which include a large cookie. This is not usually my first choice but during off-hours it is a nice change.
Best bison in Tallahassee
Teds has been around for a while and I am impressed every time I go it's consistently good. The service can be hit and miss but the food is always amazing. The bison chili cant be missed it's out of this world. I usually get a bison steak, I did have a bison hamburger once and it was pretty good. Onion rings a really tasty but could be a little more on the plate for the price. Speaking of price, Teds is a little pricy compared to the normal tally prices but I think it's worth it. Best steaks in tally I always appreciate a place that knows what I mean when I say I want my steak so rare the cow is still mooing.
Simply awesome restaurant with great service. You have to try the "Kitchen Sink" with the Bison it is heaven on earth lol. Also they have some great cookies and are even better straight out of the oven.
First I want to say this is my first time EVER giving any establishment a one star review.  This is a two-part review because I'm totally unsatisfied with two separate experiences with Ted's experience with the restaurant, and their corporate office which is based in Atlanta, GA. (Part-1) First let me say that the food is far from spectacular.  We went on Friday, November 18th and showed up around 7:15 p.m. and were told that there would be approximately a 45 minute wait.  So we waited, that no problem, we knew there would be a wait.  The one thing I did notice was that the staff took an extremely long time to turn over the tables, I mean when we told we had a table ready for us it still took them 10 minutes just to seat us because they couldn't locate simple things like forks and knives for us to eat with because they "ran out".  Here's a logic for that solution-WASH THEM!  So we were finally seated, my wife and I was not there for a dinner date or anything special, we had our two year old son with us and by the time we were finally seated which was about 8:30 btw, and looked over our menus we knew to place our son's order immediately.  We ordered Chicken tenders for him and got his food in a decent time, which is not part of my issues with this restaurant.  My wife ordered their Delmonico rib eye steak dinner and I ordered their kitchen sink hamburger.  Based on reviews here on yelp, which is usually spot on for every other establishment's reviews, it seemed we had made excellent choices.  We were seated next to the kitchen which is an open area to the public and I was able to watch as our orders were being prepared.  I wasn't sure which one's was our but I quickly realized that there was some issues with the cooks and expediters.  It seemed that several times over I noticed "tension" to say the least between the employees.  I finally did notice when our orders had been placed under the "lights" to be brought out to our table, only issue was there was no onion rings on my plate which was the side that I ordered with my entree.  So our plates just sat there for the amount of time it took for the cook to prepare onion rings.  Finally after a few minutes our food was brought out to us.  Everything looked fine, but I only received a total of 5 onion rings, yeah I just typed 5 that's not a typo.  I mean $15 bucks for less food than I would have received from a Dairy Queen drive-thru; believe me I know I went to a Dairy Queen the next day.  My wife's entree looked fine so we decided to go ahead and 'dig in', I mean by this time it was almost 9:00 p.m., we had been waiting a total of two hours to get this food so we're both assuming at this time just how awesome this place must be.  TOTALLY WRONG!  I just can't quite explain in words how mediocre everything was.  The 'Kitchen Sink' "beef" hamburger I got was beyond disappointing. You want to recreate this $15 burger at home, here's the recipe:go to your local grocer and get about 8 ounces of ground chuck, form it into a hamburger patty, throw it on a hot cast iron pan, make sure not to put any seasoning what-so-ever on this hamburger....throw one 'small' fried egg with some burnt up ham and bacon and a few mushrooms that have been sitting around the house for a couple of months and voilà you have just successfully created Ted's $15 entree without having to wait two hours for your food. Now for my wife's entree, we always share our entrees when we go out to new places like Ted's because we are curious to what each of us had. Her steak, which was also "beef", was beyond bland. You want this recipe, I know you do so here it is-again this will require a trip to your local grocer, one "Delmonico" cut rib eye, make sure to ask for yesterday's cut to try to completely replicate this steak to perfection. Again please don't season it, because this would add flavor to the steak and I want to emphasize that you may end up thinking a bit more highly of the meal you are creating at home which might lead you to not want to go to Ted's to experience two hours of waiting for mediocre food. As far as the side items she ordered, which was 'garlic' mashed potatoes and squash casserole, I respect everyone else's opinion here on yelp so I will only say that because the food was left out for a few minutes before being brought to our table this is why they were bland and cold. So you would think that would be enough to deal with in one evening right? We paid for our food, left approximately a 12% tip for our server which I feel is more than fair, I mean we asked her for napkins and a couple of minutes later she brought me out the brown rolled paper towels you get out of the bathrooms when you wash your hands. She stated that they ran out of that too. So I guess Ted's is a lot of people's "go-to" steak place, and obviously whoever is in charge of purchasing simple supplies like eating utensils and napkins has a difficult time.   *See the wife's one star review for Part 2- Nirra P.
My first visit to Ted's and it was great.  Nice gourmet bison burgers.
It's still good. The menu has less options than in the past
Phenomenal burgers....   We had America's cup and blue creek...bison.. Melts in your mouth.  Excellent onion rings, salads and service.  If in the area you must stop and enjoy !!!  Highly recommended
This is part two of the review. My husband has part 1 of the review if you want to read about the food. His name is Eric P. My part of the review is about the service we received at our visit to Ted's Montana Grill. For some reason I have always had the habit of checking my banking statements after going out over the weekend, I have always been paranoid about getting charged for things that I don't pay for, charged twice, etc., so when I checked my statement balance on Saturday afternoon I quickly realized that I had been charged twice for my meal on Friday evening.  I immediately got on the phone and called the Tallahassee location where we ate at Friday evening to inform them that there was a double charge on my account.  I spoke with who I assumed to be a manager of the Tallahassee location and he took my basic information down and apologized for our experience, but he stopped short of offering us anything to compensate for the small issue. He didn't even bother to ask if we had any other issues, which at that time i probably wouldn't have voiced any of them because I was just concerned about being charged TWICE for the same meal. A meal that by now if you have taken the time to read this entire review you know would have been better prepared by those keebler eves in one of my pine trees in our backyard. Getting back to the manager, he told me that because it was the weekend that he had informed their corporate office out of Atlanta about the issue that I had with my double charge and that things would get resolved on Monday. So i thanked him and didn't really give it much thought for the rest of the weekend, I mean it's not like we going to miss our house payment because we were double charged the same exact amount twice.  Fast forward to Monday afternoon now and I get a phone call from a very nice lady from the financial department of Ted's corporate office in Atlanta. She explains to me that for some reason unknown to her our server decided to run our card through twice. It seemed that the swiped the card once, and then for reason's known only to her she cancelled that payment then went ahead and swiped it again. She explained that the first charge had been cancelled on the spot and that the financial office couldn't do anything else on their end because they were only showing one payment was made. OK, while there was only one payment on their end, I was still being debited for two payments from my bank. Again she made emphasize that there was nothing she could do for the problem. OK, what could I do right? I mean the only thing I did was wait two hours for crappy food, got charged twice for the crappy food, and now I'm being told that there's nothing that can be done on their end even though my account balance is some $50 plus less because we decided to eat dinner @ Ted's Montana Grill!  ARE YOU SERIOUS! I could have chosen 50 other restaurants to eat at that evening but decided to give Ted's a try for the FIRST time and now I have to wait for my bank to realize that my double charge was a mistake on their end, not mine. At this point of the conversation I decide to tell the nice lady that I am talking with that we weren't really satisfied with the experience and now because of the server's issues with swiping debit cards there is absolutely nothing that we can be compensated for. For another five minutes of my time all she could do is apologize for the experience and give me a couple of ###-####-####'s along with a promise to call me back on Wednesday to check on the situation and offer some sort of compensation for our troubles which is nothing but CYA on her part, which is not what I wanted to hear at that time. Now lets move forward to Tuesday, charges still there nothing new, my account balance is still less the double charge. Now on to today, she called back as promised and sure enough the charges were gone.  When I spoke with the lady again I told her that everything was fine, and..., well...., yeah that's what i thought.  A total of 36 minutes was spent talking with different members of Ted's Montana Grill associates and nothing to show for my time wasted, not to mention these two reviews which I plan on stopping by a few more review sites before the day is done. Way to go Ted's, I'm sure I don't have to remind anyone of this statement, IF SOMEONE HAS A GOOD EXPERIENCE THEY MIGHT TELL ONE OR TWO PEOPLE, BUT A BAD EXPERIENCE, WELL...LET'S SEE HOW MANY WILL HEAR ABOUT THIS ONE! *P.S.-In case you were wondering Dairy Queen has better burgers.
This is the only place I'll order a steak out.  I have had bad service twice from Ted's ... but have been both before and after and everything was great!
Went for dinner with a large group, 13 people to be exact. This was my first time at Ted's. I was looking forward to it once I learned their specialty was Bison's meat; I have forgotten about it. Once the food arrived, all but one of my friends didn't have his dish ready. So as good friends we all are, we waited for about 5 more minutes until the dish arrived. I had the Bison fillet, unfortunately it was really small and for $30, I found it to be a bit overpriced. It was also a bit dry; I have had Bison before in Denver, but I don't remember it being that dry. Anyway, the whole experience was ok. I checked with at least 5 of my friends and we all agreed on 4 stars. Will I go back again? Yes, but I will try a different cut of meat.
The atmosphere was great. We ate at the bar, the service was friendly and the drinks were delicious. Michael was our bartender. He was very charming. I had the ribeye steak which was perfect, and the sides were awesome: Broccoli roasted with Parmesan, and creamed spinach. Highly recommended after a day on the road
My first time eating Bison and it was darn good! After a long day of work my coworker suggested we eat here. I never heard of it before but she told me Ted Turner owns it and they have good burgers! At first glance this place is very country and has that southern charm. Dimly lit and a big Bison head mounts on the wall. The menu is full of burgers either beef, bison, or chicken if you prefer. I had to go with the Avalon. Bison cooked medium and the texture was perfect. This delicious meat mixed with Bleu and Gruyère cheese with a baked potato on the side. Filling and definitely worth the wait. They also have fries or salads, of which I really want to try the Kale. This place is good for a nice meal with family/friends but the bar is also a good spot to sit. Beers on tap, mixed drinks, or just a glass of wine is great! Will definitely visit again.
A good, affordable restaurant where you can eat delicious Bison!   Bison in salad, burger, meatloaf form (as well as other options...like other meat, trout and salmon, etc) I got the Skinny Dip: Bison burger (meat only) with accompanying side of kale salad= $14, and my friend got the cedar-plank salmon $20.  Both were delicious...not dry or too greasy and quite flavorful! One of the reviews mentioned that the bread is good; the waiter didn't bring it until we asked...so don't forget to ask for it!  Decor is nice inside, but it's not a fancy black-tie restaurant...you can dress up a little or go somewhat casual.
Have you ever had a craving for steak and just wanted to cut into a juicy, tender piece of marbled meat, imagining the moment you stick it in your mouth, close your eyes, and feel that it's all been worth it?  If you have, you are not alone.   After reading the yelp reviews, I looked forward ardently to the moment described above.  The restaurant was packed at 930pm and we got an intimate little booth.  The bison ribeye steak I ordered was, sadly, really undercooked.  I got medium and it was just a raw slab.  They took it back and overcooked it, so that it was now, even worse, had no flavor, and no JUICE.  Fuck.  I love me some damn juice.  It felt like I was eating at some shitting chain restaurant.  Sad.... Not a fan of the damn paper straws either. But the service was good and they gave a 15% military discount.
I travel to Tallahassee about once a month and without a doubt Ted's is my favorite restaurant.  I'm not saying that it's clearly the best restaurant in Talli (although it might be) but it's absolutely my favorite. There isn't a thing I've tried that I didn't love.   The salmon, the steaks, the burgers, the chili, the salads, the soups and SO many other things on the menu are outstanding. Needless to say . . .    I'll be back !
The bread = orgasmic. The bison burger = orgasmic. The ribeye = orgasmic. Who knew starter bread could be so good? I got the Avalon bison burger, and it just melted in my mouth, especially with the bleu cheese...omg I'm gonna cry just thinking about it. I tried my friends ribeye (beef), and it was also awesome. I was in heaven. Their draft beer selection left a little to be desired (is that a phrase?), but I was so happy with the food that I didn't even care. I also got the huckleberry margarita, which was really good.
One of my favorite restaurants in Tallahassee. The inside is very clean and cozy, perfect for date night. The menu has a variety of options and I love how on their website they offer nutritional information along with gluten free options :) I recommend the "Absolute Best Fish Sandwich" with the kale salad, but everything I've had there was good!
Pretty good American style cuisine for an Atlanta based chain. Their emphasis is bison which is a leaner, red meat than the traditional beef. I had the no. 11 bison burger which was quite delicious. There is, of course, a premium price for bison. It's a few dollars more than the beef equivalent. Definitely can't say you had bison every day.
Went here for dinner. Didn't realize that it was a chain, but oh well. Started off with crab cake and it was alright. Kind of dry and didn't have any kind of sauce on top. Had the Red Rock sandwich and it was okay too. Service was really friendly but the food was just okay.
Love this place!  Comfortable atmosphere, excellent food and service was great.  I've been before and still consistent quality.  Good bar.
Have been to Ted's many times and have never been disappointed.  Food is excellent and their staff is great.  Everything is fresh.  They cut their potatoes right in front of you if you sit at the bar. Bison meat is their specialty and it's is absolutely worth trying.  I had a bowl of bison chili on my last visit.  It was delicious.  For dessert, I recommend you try one of their snicker-doodle cookies.  I've also had their strawberry shortcake and it is excellent. Other solid choices I can vouch for include: the meatloaf, all their burgers and their grilled chicken salad (make sure you get it with their bacon ranch house dressing, it is worth the calories).
This is a restaurant that seems to be environmentally conscious, which is always nice to find. They use paper straws, and has a paper lining above the tablecloth. As for the food, they specialize in bison and so we tried their Bison Bacon Cheeseburger w/ Cheddar and Garlic Mashed Potatoes on the side. It was very good and although Medium temperature didn't have the same color as  beef burger of the same temperature, it was still tender and flavorful. I did notice that the patty wasn't seasoned evenly, but that was a minor setback. The mashed potatoes were delicious - they're the somewhat lumpy kind with the skins of the potatoes evident. We also shared a Salt & Pepper Onion Rings appetizer to share. SO GOOD! If you like onion rings normally, these are a must-try. Others liked their beef burgers so it seems either way you go will be a good choice. Bison is consistently $2 more than their beef equivalents in the menu. Our server was friendly and attentive and the atmosphere was as expected - dim lighting (but not too dark), mostly casual, and has a country feel to it. If no one had told us, we wouldn't have guessed they were a chain.
This place has been around long enough to establish a great reputation for wonderful food and a great atmosphere, and I agree on both - I love eating here. Which is why I was disappointed recently while having lunch with my mom here on a rainy Saturday. We both ordered the onion rings as an app, delicious as always, and because we both ordered burgers medium rare and rare, we were promised a fairly quick turnaround for them to make it to the table. I almost never book appointments close to lunchtime, I prefer to take my time eating, chatting, relaxing, but I thought for sure arriving for lunch at 11:30 would ensure that I'd then be free to be at another appt at 1:30. By 1:00 we still had no food. Good news? The manager did exactly the right thing and made it right. She came out to our table, explained, apologized, a new order had been been submitted, and the bill was taken care of with little or no drama. Our waiter was also wonderful about it. I did have to reschedule the rest of my afternoon, which luckily on a Saturday turned out fine although still a bit frustrating. But the rest of the lunch was delicious, the burgers were perfectly cooked to our liking, but the customer service was what saved the day, ensuring that they still have my business. I really appreciated how upfront and honest they were once the problem was identified. I hope that they don't run into this during the busy work week, as that would have meant both my mom and I going back to work on an empty stomach, and who knows what really happened. But ultimately they worked with us to right the situation and all was well. For that I am grateful, excellent customer service is not an easy thing to find just anywhere. And since it was a weekend lunch, ultimately we were able to finish our meal without rushing once schedules were rearranged (thank goodness for excellent customer service from other businesses that day as well!). I'll be back, thanks to the wonderful manager and server. I know the food is always fantastic, but it's just one part of dining out, in my opinion.
Food was mediocre and overpriced, but we did enjoy the honor of having Baby Fark McGee-zax as our waiter. I didn't know that Ted's Montana Grill hired celebrities. I probably won't be back, because the restaurant was overcrowded, the food was overpriced, the steak was cooked wrong, and the service could've been better. The atmosphere of the Ted's tries to harness an intimate mood, but is quickly overshadowed by the cramped nature of the facility. The complimentary cucumber leaves much to be desired (bread would've been better, c'mon!) and the staff could be found in the bathroom hallways playing on their cellphones. I would not recommend this place to a friend.
I love everything about Ted's. The ambience, food and service. The only downside is always the potential wait but that's a good problem for a restaurant to have. Last night we started off with a cocktail at the bar while waiting to be seated. Good, decent pour from a very attentive bartender. Love their comp sour pickles and I have to pace myself or I'll fill up on those alone.  I've tried a lot of their menu items from entree salads, pot roast, short ribs to steak. Never disappointed. Started with Bison Nachos which were good but light on the bison chili. Felt like a burger but couldn't decide between two. My dinner companion ordered one and I ordered the other. A win, win situation.  I ordered the bison Canyon Creek that comes with cheddar, jalapeño, bacon, blackberry jam and topped with a fried egg. What a delicious mess!  My companion ordered the bison Red Rocks that comes with pepper jack, jalapeño, cilantro, onion straws and a special sauce.  Another delicious mess. Not sure why my burger was served on a Ciabatta type roll while his was not, but both rolls were good. We both loved both burgers but there was something about the sweetness of the blackberry jam coupled with the jalapeño bite that gave the Canyon Creek a slight edge. But you can't lose with either selection. Not sure why I usually order bison vs. beef when I come here. They are both good.  Maybe it's the novelty of eating bison. Hmmm. A rain deluge kept us there for awhile so it was late when we finished.  A trip to Ted's is not complete without several Snicker doodle cookies. My family is obsessed with Snicker doodles. So we always take some to go as well. Wouldn't you know it they were sold out by they time we ordered dessert. No problem said the kitchen. If we could wait 10 minutes they'd bake some for us. Really? Now that's service folks!! Speaking of service, it's extraordinary here. Efficient, seamless and attentive. Management does a great job selecting and training their wait staff. Always look forward to a trip to Ted's.
I went here with Tara. It was the best bison burger! The onion rings, fries and shake were all amazing! The french fries aren't greasy like traditional french fries, so that made me appreciate them even more!
Cool place with a great Bison Burger. Years ago, I had a bison burger from a Ruby Tuesdays. It didn't really taste like much of anything. When I ate my bison burger from Ted's, I could TELL that it was bison. The meat was a bit sweeter, not quite gamey, than hamburger. Really enjoyed it! Even better, the burger I ordered, the Bacon Cheese Burger, had great toppings. Plenty of cheese and nice big pieces of bacon. Lettuce, Tomato, etc. come on the side, so you don't have to worry about having them leave stuff off, unless it's a condiment, which will be listed on the menu. The fries were also good, and I was served a reasonable portion. Before the meal we ordered an appetizer of homemade potato chips and ranch dip ($5) and boy, it was a decent-sized portion and pretty darn good for what is normally a very plain side! Service was friendly and efficient, and the restaurant had a very cool classy Western steakhouse motif with heavy wood tones. Also, they had some neat little touches, like paper straws (environmentally friendly, I guess) and the hand soap in the bathroom was borax instead of a liquid. Smelled really good! The only complaint I might have was that the burgers were so expensive. The bison burgers seemed to be about $3 more on average than a regular hamburger. Mine was $15. That's pretty high for a burger, but it's not every day you get to eat bison, and also the burger was, as I have written, very, very good!
Went to this place one with the hubby and I love the short ribs....my hubbys meal was a the bison burger and we both didn't like it so much (but hey, thats a personal taste- other people we know love it!). We had a bit of a hard time finding parking and had to wait for a table, but our waiter was really nice :). I would go back but my hubby didn't like his meal so I don't know if I will get a chance to go back :/.
I visit Tallahassee periodically to visit my two college kids who go to FSU.  Ted's is our go-to steak place, or upscale dining option.  I have eaten here three times, and I've been here five times.  The other two times we left because of the huge crowd and long wait.  Word to the wise, Friday and Saturday nights bring the people out, and you will wait unless you get there really early. We hit this place tonight, a Sunday, and no wait! One of my sons and I ordered off the extensive list of hamburgers.  I got the "Blue Creek" with blue cheese and smoked bacon.  He got the "Montana Breakfast" with an egg over easy, cheese, ham and spicy tomato jam.  We both raved about our burgers!  To be honest, it doesn't matter what you put on those burgers, it was the ground beef patty that was the star!  It was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten, and I have eaten alot of burgers! The waitress said they ground the meat fresh each day, form the patties by hand loosely, and when they are on the grill they have a dome over them to keep them juicy.   For the curious, I have had a bison steak on a previous visit.  It was pretty good.  A slightly different flavor than beef, but still good.  I urge you to try it at least once.
So, let's talk about the good things first. The place has a bitchin' atmosphere. Wood paneling everywhere. A big ole' bison trophy looming over the dining hall. Cool aluminum ceiling tiles and tiny hexagonal, or maybe octagonal floor tiles that would have been right at home in a restaurant 60 years ago. The bar is also long and wooden and I'm pretty sure they squeeze a lot of their own stuff. The onion rings are a must have. They are probably the best I have ever had. The freebie..some half sour pickles are a real treat...very fresh tasting. The food has always been uniformly good to great...the only dig I can make is that their hamburger buns fall apart very easily, so either get it on the side or eat quickly. The bad- the service can be not so hot. I've had great service and I've had servers that didn't know what planet they were on. So, good luck in that department.
Wow, what a disappointment.  In a college town lacking great restaurants, I was really excited back when Ted's Montana Grill opened up.  Especially knowing that business king Ted Turner, owner of multiple ranches of farms, was the guy who started the place.   The two times I've been here it just wasn't that good.  I've tried a Bison and regular steak, and both times I walked away less than impressed.
Great food, great casual vibe for a steakhouse and great service. We were very pleasantly surprised to have such a good experience at a chain restaurant.  Our family enjoyed the prime rib, salt and pepper trout and a burger along with delicious apple crisp and shakes for dessert. We are used to a late night crowd and were happy to find they are open until 11p on the weekend. Only downside: coffee machine on the fritz on a Friday night?! Overall, we will definitely make this a TLH mainstay on our visits.
The "Kitchen Sink" burger here is AMAZING.  I get it with buffalo meat, usual burger toppings (mushrooms, onions, etc.), bacon, a thick ham steak, and a fried egg. The only other thing they might have been able to do to make it less healthy for me would be to put it on a pretzel bun, fry it, and then add some powdered sugar. Sadly, that wasn't an option ;) It's amazingly tasty, though, as-is.  I typically inhale it as quickly as I can, while letting the egg yolk drip down a bit onto the fries.  Yum! I'd also recommend trying the grilled shrimp.  As far as shrimp go, these are pretty freakin' massive. They are grilled perfectly and coated with just the right amount of herbs and oils.  I love it.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in town. It is perfect for birthdays (they give you a free homemade cookie and ice cream) as well as group dinner spots. The Mountain Breeze Martini is by far my favorite martini EVER! As for dinner the steak salad is soo good or if im feeling a burger, I go for the Skinny dip with Bison. Both are always good but i really havent had anything here that i didnt like. It can get crowded after 6 so either make reservations or arrive early. If not there is always a spot at the bar for a pre dinner drink!
We love Ted's. From the first time we tried it, my boyfriend and I were big fans. I've had dishes from crabcakes to sandwiches to bison meatloaf, and I've enjoyed everything without fail. I've never once had a problem with service. As other Yelpers have mentioned, Ted's is unusual for a couple of reasons: first, because it serves alternative red meat (I've been to very few places that serve bison), and second because it is very eco-friendly. Everything is glass and aluminum, and the straws are made of paper. For an appetizer they give you a small dish of the crunchy pickles they serve. I heartily recommend their onion rings as a side dish to your order or as an appetizer. I usually hate onion rings, but those are AMAZING! Ted's has a full bar and offers some other drinks such as sarsparilla, regular sodas, Barq's root beer in a 12oz bottle, fresh lemonade (which is great and comes with one free refill), etc. I would recommend it to anyone. Prices are good, since there are plenty of options that are $10 or slightly less, but some entrees can go up to $20-30ish if you are so inclined. Be prepared to wait on the weekends (especially Friday!) or go early! However, if you get there and the wait is too long, service at the bar is excellent. My boyfriend and I had to eat at the bar last night because of an hour wait, and everything was perfect!
To start with, the margaritas are to die for!  They squeeze fresh lime juice for them and it makes all the difference! I had a Buffallo burger, my first, which was delicious. The atmosphere is fun and light with a good old fashioned feel. Also great to watch the chefs cook it in front of you if you like.
The food is often tepid when delivered to the table - not sure how they can do that to so consistently to so much food.  The bison short ribs or pot roast are unique and worth a trip.  There is also a very good chopped salad.  The burgers are not worth the trip.   This place seems to be thin on parking spots and is always crowded.  There is a pretty bar.
Ted's is one of the only places I'm aware of that serves bison in Tallahassee, which was part of my initial draw.  It is a very popular place, and, as such, can get pretty jammed, especially on weekend nights. While they aren't always the quickest when it is packed (but really, what restaurants are?), we've always had good service and good food. I am in love with the bison meatloaf, especially when accompanied with the mashed potatoes and squash casserole, and every bison burger I have tried has been very good as well. Another thing I love about Ted's is the focus on sustainability. There is much information about how they do this (including awesome paper straws) and they usually have a couple of organic beer choices as well. While it may seem a little pricey to some, I don't find fault in paying 13 dollars for a pretty good sized bison burger with a healthy helping of mashed potatoes.  That doesn't feel like too much for a meal I can't finish without threat of rupture. If you are going to try it out, I highly recommend a week night.  We went last night (Tuesday) and it was calm, but not empty.
Ted's Montana Grill is a unique restaurant for the fact that you have the option of getting Bison. First, if you're coming here just for a burger, put your car in reverse, pull out of the parking lot, and go down the road to a typical burger joint.  Not trying to bash the Bison burgers because they are amazing. I have had one or two of them, and you can get Angus instead of Bison if you so please, but what's the point? Everything on the menu here is priced too high to come just for a burger. Once you get a table (Ted's is always crowded during the normal dining hours), do yourself a favor and make sure your waiter/waitress brings you the complimentary pickels they serve.  They are crisp and delicious. The Bison meatloaf is killer.  I enjoyed every bite of it and that was the first thing I tried when I first went here.  It comes with your choice of two sides, but typically served with mashed potatoes, and veggies. The Bison Pot Roast is another fan favorite.  It was probably one of the best pot roasts I have ever had. They do have a very nice upscale bar, but if I want to spend 5 dollars on a Yuengling... wait, I don't. That's the main downside of this restaurant.  One person can come and get an entree, and a drink and your already at $30. The other downside is the seating.  They have to rows of booths and they also squeezed in 5-6 person top tables down the center aisle of the main seating area, so there's not much privacy with a group and even less room to manuever around the table, or even get up to use the restrooms. I would have given it a four with the food quality and uniqueness, but it has to be a 3 due to overall price and seating room. However, if you have never been, it's worth a try atleast once.
We originally planned to go to Longhorn Steakhouse and then Outback, but both places were way too crowded with long wait times.  It's Wednesday! We chose Ted's because we thought it'd be less crowded and it was.  Tonight I ordered the14oz.  Delmonico Ribeye to share with a friend.  We chose green beans and grilled asparagus as our side items. The steak was perfectly cooked medium as we ordered.  It was juicy and delicious.  The green beans are cooked with onions so the flavor really stands out.  I don't even like green beans but these were great.  Asparagus was crunchy and you could taste the grilled flavor.  All the food was excellent. The spit order was brought out on two plates which was nice, no dividing at the table. Had  brownie with ice cream, hot fudge and caramel to top off a perfect meal. Splitting the meal with a friend was the perfect portion size. We were both full but could share a dessert. I can't imagine having a better steak anywhere else!
Based upon past good reviews 3 of us went to Ted's on a Saturday night. We had the Salt&Pepper onion rings as an appetizer, they were great. One guest had the pecan crusted trout, fantastic. Another guest had the crab cakes. They were very good but pricey for dish itself. I had the bison rib eye and it was super good but also expensive for the amount. We had strawberry shortcake and brownie/vanilla ice cream. Both were very good and nice presentation. My companion and I both had house wines that were perfect. We all agreed that we would return.
Bison pot roast, smoked (yep) parmesan broccoli and Sam October... So satisfied right now.
Only went there once while passing through town. Would definitely go back. Great food and great service.
I've been in Tallahassee for 2 months, and the "Kitchen Sink Burger" from Ted's is the probably the best meal I've had while in town. Certainly the best burger. Bison, fried egg, ham, bacon, your choice of cheese, onions, tomato, lettuce, etc, with your choice of side. At $16, it is a bit expensive, but after the deed is done, I never leave with any regrets. Good service and a comfortable atmosphere, as well! Five stars.
Great decor, looks like an old club, but there are usually some bellowing kids to break the spell.  I've always had good luck with the service.  My usual is some variation on the burger.  They're all very good, but get it with the bun on the side or it will disintegrate in seconds.  All of their sides are excellent.
There's slim picking when you're housed in Thomasville Georgia, just 30 minutes north of Tallahassee, Florida but there are a few rare finds in this area of the world. If you travel a lot you ask locals or yelp your way through the bad ones, sometimes you get stuck with a really bad place because your options are limited to how far you can go after a day of work and are just too darn tired to adventure any further. The first time we heard about this place a bartender in downtown Tallahassee answered our request to find a fine dining beef lovers paradise. She said though to not get the bison options. Walking in you can tell that this is an oasis for steak lovers, many business men and they serve those crunchy pickles as complimentary appetizer. I've had my fair share of fine dining that serves alternative red meat like antelope, bison, moose, etc. so I decided to get the bison version of the NY strip while my friend got the beef version. We compared and the bison won out. The second night we compared the bison vs beef on the ribeye and the bison won out again. Someone in our party went to this place three times in the three weeks we were down here. That should tell you a lot about this place. The staff are so great being professional and friendly and wise in their opinions on what's great. Please try the apple cobbler, it was one of the best ever and way too big for one person so do share.
After hearing the results of John Tesh's survey about opulent diners, and that they are often not treated with the same dignity as the slimmer, more fit set, I decided to go on my own quest to see if that is true, as you see, I am a voluptuous, buoyant grandmotherly type. When I presented myself this evening at Ted's Montana Grill, I was quickly whisked to the very back table facing the wall and Buff. I thought for a while that he was a reject from Country Bear Jamboree and realized that Ted has a whole ranch of Bison in Montana and that I could have a piece of the other half of Buff if only I wanted to order it for my meal. Once I got situated in my seat, I asked if Ted (Turner), you know, ever appeared. I was assured that he and his family frequented the place often, but I wasn't privileged to the honor. However, he had hired a great store manager who nearly held my hand and helped me scoop up the hot carrots that he went back to the kitchen to fetch for me when the first batch came out cold. In fact, I got my food so lickety- split that I am wondering if they were on to me and knew that I was Yelping! The special of the day was roast pork, garlic potatoes and yep, cooked carrots served with a little-bitty yeast roll, which multiplied into three when I asked for more. It was pretty typical southern cuisine. I mean, I could have had collared greens and Aunt Fanny's Squash if only my taste buds were a-hankering for it. The waitress was a hoot. She will soon be winging her way to Santa Monica to go to culinary school so she stood and talked and talked and talked. I hope her other customers got their food. I'm pretty sure they did because she was fast and efficient! I will conclude that I got treated quite well. I hope that the fact that I was taking notes didn't give it away, that I was critiquing them. Next time, I will be more discreet! This is my first time at this, so I expect some friends to write back and say, "You need to add more salt.
Never ever been disappointed by Ted's. Although it's a bison themed restaurant, the beef is top notch.  Try the Bar None Sliders with a side.  The sliders are the best.  I usually go there for the Beer Can Chicken which is moist and flavorful.  I would suggest substituting the side for the squash casserole, which is superb.  Skip the regular drinks and order either a cherry coke made with real cherry syrup or the fresh squeezed lemonade.
Not usually a fan of chains but this one does it right...this place is small so on most nights it's harder to get into than The ObamaCare Website...weeknights expect an hour wait and on the weekends it's usually 2 hours plus..Ted's specializes in all things bison..burgers..steaks..pot roast..short ribs..chili..nachos..etc are all made with Mr Buffalo...I personally don't like Bison because it's so lean that I think it tends to be dry and not have much flavor but I still come here because they have numerous beef..chicken..and seafood options as well...Ted's has 20+ Burger options with Bison or Beef and if they don't have the best tasting burger in Tally I am not sure who beats them...their Crab Cake and Onion Rings are certainly the best in Tally...all the appetizers..soups..and salads have always been tasty as well..basically no complaints on the food here at all...my main complaints are crowd related here...they purposely build all Ted's fairly small to create waits to make them seem really popular..mission accomplished there Ted...good thing though is they have a really nice bar to wait at with lots of tasty cocktail options made with fresh squeezed juices and a nice wine and craft beer selection also..another complaint is the service here can be hit and miss...one time you will get a great server the next time you will get one who clearly is not the right fit for the chaotic frenetic environment of Teds...those folks don't tend to last long at a place like Teds and has to be expected when college students make up the wait staff.....my final complaint is Ted's is pretty pricy for Tally...some of the Bison Steak Dinners are now 30+ Dollars and that does not include a salad...that's not cheap in this neck of the woods...much better value to come here at lunch when many of the same meals are 1/3 to 1/2 of the dinner price...all in all Ted's has some of the best food in Tally so my recommendation is definitely come if you want good food but just know you are coming to a loud crowded place that tends to run on the expensive side..probably a 3.5 Star in my book but I will round up to 4 since Ted did win The America's Cup for us back in 1977
Food was good, but priced a bit higher than I would expect for burger & fries. Service was prompt at the start, but slowed towards the end as the restaurant filled (as others have noted). This led to a long wait for our bill to be picked up and then returned.
What a big disappointment.  Service was poor:  slow, forgetting to take main order, forgetting to bring side items until well too late(I.e. dinner rolls 10-15 minutes after main course, missing sour cream, ...).   Bake potatoes where cold, sent back and replaced with other cold potatoes.  A pint of draft beer is served in a 12oz glass.  This was evident as a bottled beer is served with the same "pint" glass which fills the glass to the same level as a so called pint draft.   Food quality, other than being served cold, was fair, but clearly not what I would call top rate.  Clearly over priced for what one gets.  It is a travesty that a salad is not included with a $25-$35 entree. I will not be returning.
Great food, great company and great proprietor Kevin Burton! It was our first time at Ted's and it was all because of Yelpers reviews that I suggested this establishment to my business partners but when Kevin Burton came outside to check on me when I was smoking that really topped off the night. Joe, our server really knew his sh*t and he made extra efforts to constantly refill our drinks even before we ran out. They specialize in bison and our table had various cuts of bison which were all cooked to perfection. If you are in Tallahassee, please check this place out!
I've eaten here several times in Tallahassee when visiting my parents.  I'm giving it 4 stars because they have a menu with gluten free items available.  Alert your server upon arrival that you are gluten free and they will bring you a menu. tedsmontanagrill.com/nut…
The onion rings and the bread were amazing, and I liked that any of the burgers could be made using a veggie burger, so that was awesome.  But aside from the appetizers, the food was definitely alright but I'm not sure I'd make a special trip back for it, and it took quite awhile for the food to arrive.  Three stars for good food and excellent appetizers, but nothing spectacular.
I try to stay away from chains, but this place was right next door from my hotel and I was being lazy.  I sat at the bar and had their margarita, way too sweet for my liking.  I ordered the Bison with potatoes and green beans.  The green beans look like they came out of a can they were a washed out green color and very limp, they corrected this by giving me another vegetable.  I had 2 glasses of wine 1 at dinner 1 after, it was a great Cab that the bartender recommended.  The bison was good, only the second time I've had it and well the first was at Shanahan's in Denver and well they win.   The service was good, they corrected what they needed too.
This place was a great find. What a refreshing concept. The decor is really nice, lots of booths. The made us wait for 10-15 minutes even though there were lots of empty tables. The food was A-mazing. We had both kinds of burgers... bison and angus. Both had great flavor, were fresh, cooked perfectly and nice portions. We also tried the chili, well worth it. The service staff was really friendly and brought over extract pickles when we asked. Ed, was an awesome waiter. He gave great suggestions. The prices are fair. If you want a change from your usual burger or steak joint this is the place to go. They also have some pretty good salads to choose from. I really enjoyed my dining experience here and am looking forward to going again to try out some of their entres.
