I went with a large group from work, and loved this place. We pretty much tried every appetizer they had - and loved them all. But, the bubble bread is ridiculously delicious. We didn't have to wait because we had a reservation for a large group, but there were lots of people waiting. Parking can be challenging - give yourself a few extra minutes. The server was phenomenal. If I go back to Tallahassee, I will definitely visit again.
This is the place you take someone for a date night. It just exudes that vibe so perfectly and almost guarantees a great time. The talked about bubble bread is well worth the price. So is the chicken gnocchi soup. It is a little darker than I would have liked it to be, but the candle light suffices and really makes that atmosphere.
Our dining experience at Bella Bella is so consistently great. We occasionally spend more at other notable restaurants, then find ourselves missing the warmth and flavor of the people and food at Bella Bella. The fish special runs out early on the weekends, and for good reason. Nobody handles fresh fish better. Redfish, Snapper, Cobia, just order it and relax. It is a sure thing.   For those that truly know, the jalapeño sweet potato bisque is worth the visit itself. Best value and experience in town for food and service.
It was a very nice restaurant with an interesting and eclectic layout. Our server Oz was very attentive.  My friend had the classic lasagna and it was delicious. I had the chicken parmesan sandwich.  I enjoyed the fresh italian bread and the marinara but the chicken reminded me of airline chicken. If I am back in the area in the future I will return and try something else. Probably the buble bread as others have suggested.
Incredibly loud; impossible to talk, think, or enjoy the meal, which was average at best. The "rock concert" atmosphere made for a very uncomfortable meal. In contrast, there was an intimate and QUIET bar lounge where one could have drinks and appetizers but not dinner. Definitely NOT RECOMMENDED for a date. Thomas L.
A very good Italian restaurant in Tally.  I so approve of this great restaurant.  My daughter and I came for after her friend the night before told us we have to give it another chance.  I had never been there but my daughter did not like her first visit. They have outside seating on their porch which is very cute. This day is was hot and muggy so we dined inside.  They have several rooms for dining and the decor is fabulous.  Dark, soft lighting, fish tanks, fireplaces, so cool inside.  They have a beautiful bar where we sat across from.  Our server was wonderful throughout our entire meal.  Constantly checking on us and refilling our water and wine. We started with yes of course their famous bubble bread which comes with a side of marinara sauce for dipping.  Oh yes it was delicious and addicting.  The wine list is quite lovely.  I ordered a bottle of Cesari Amarone and accidentally picked out the wrong bottle so when I got my bill I was shocked.  Ha ha being a wino I did not mind because it was a fabulous bottle that I have always enjoyed.  It paired beautifully with what we ordered. My main entree was Spinach Ravioli, the pasta was cooked great, the flavor of the sauce was excellent and the portion was a good size.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.  My daughter ordered the Eggplant Rollatini and after I tasted one bite I was jealous I did not order this dish, that's how awesome it was. Going in with such low expectations and leaving so full and happy we were so glad we chose to come here.  Truly a fun atmosphere, with excellent food and service.  Prices are average to above average. Great Italian food, see you on our next visit. For all the FSU students, please take your parents here when they visit you.  Well of course they pay the bill n ot you, LOL so yes they will be happy to have such great food.
Love this place!! The staff and owners are so nice and knowledgeable about the menu. The specials change daily and are always fabulous and they have a good wine list. Love the ambiance...very comfortable and inviting. Definitely one if our favorites. Amazing food!!
OK, let me begin with a story. I lived in Tallahassee for 4 years. I came here once and it was atrocious. I don't know if they changed owners, chefs, or what, but this place really turned around!!! I was on a road trip with my mother not to long ago, and on our last night in town, we wanted a relaxing, filling dinner. Obviously, the options in Tally are never great, so I decided to give this place another go! Now I wish I had gone here more often! We were sat at a nice table close to the bar. The decor in the restaurant was so cool! Lots of different light fixtures, colored lights, dark wood tables. And it was clean! Our waiter was so nice and friendly and gave us some recommendations! We ordered a bottle of wine (albeit, mom pointed to the wrong one and ended up ordering the most expensive wine on the menu--IT WAS PHENOM). We also started with the cheese bread that everyone on Yelp raved about. Oh man, were they right. The bread was delicious and cheesy and so flavorful! The dipping marinara was very good too! For our entrees, mom ordered a ravioli dish. It was just ok, but she enjoyed it. I ordered this Spinach and Ricotta cannolinis and it came with a side of spaghetti and marinara. The marinara was different from the cheese bread dipping sauce and wasn't as good, but the spaghetti was cooked well. The cannolinis were SOOOOO GOOOD! Oh my goodness I ate every last bit, I was so embarrassed! Mom was jealous of my dish, she talked about it for a week! We couldn't make room for dessert! Will definitely have to go back next time we are in town. But if you're looking for a cool place to check out with Italian food (better than Olive Garden) definitely come here!
Best bread ever!! And the Grecian Turkey sandwich is one of the best sandwiches in Tallahassee!!
We absolutely love this place. I had the trout special and it was wonderful!! Make sure to start off with the Bubble Bread!!! Highly recommended!! The service and atmosphere is great!!
Good Italian food - the sauce is not over sugared. I found the prices to be high for the value but then again this is a college town. Overall good food, it gets busy but the staff is great. Definitely recommend.
This is a date sort of restaurant, or at least something more of a fancier affair. I say this because I had just gotten out of work and was starving after a loooong Friday so a Co-worker and I decided to check it out. Not super appropriate for what we had been looking for at the moment but I'd much rather eat delicious food and word later about what i'm talking about with my friends at a restaurant. The menu doesn't have a lot of variation but from all of the tips for the Bubble Bread I could not resist and gave it a try. What a fantastic idea that was! (thanks again fellow yelpers). Basically if I could vote for most delicious cheesy garlic heaven bread, this takes the cake, and I don't mean just Tallahassee, I mean everywhere in the United States. It's heavenly. Besides that i had chicken parmesan and my friend had the shrimp alfredo. I was happy with my chicken parmesan, but the pasta that came with it, I felt like it was a much smaller serving than I had thought, which makes me feel like it's better suited for when i'm hungry but want the right amount of food instead of i've been at work all day and just want to eat everything because I skipped lunch to make a deadline sort of thing. I think the Shrimp alfredo was excellent though because that is what my friend kept raving about later. The food is simple, but with Bella Bella, simplicity at it's finest.
I was craving Italian last night and knew Bella Bella would be the perfect place to go. It was only my second time going and for the second time, I was completely satisfied! Me and my boyfriend split the bubble bread, because HELLO, who goes to Bella Bella and doesn't order bubble bread!? And it was phenomenal, as always. Right out of the oven and still bubbling! For my main meal I always order one of the specials. Which happened to be seared Pork Chops with Fried Rice and some type of greens that tasted just like asparagus ( I honestly do not remember the name). And my boyfriend ordered the other special of Red Fish over a type of rice pudding ( of which I cannot remember the name) and sautéed spinach. As we waited for our entrees, we munched on the bubble bread and then moved onto our salads. I had Caesar and he has the House. Both of us cleaned our plates! Including the plate full of bubble bread ;P Right before our entrees were served they offered us regular baked bread with some butter, which neither one of us ate very much of because we didn't want to spoil our dinner. So by the time dinner arrived neither one of us were starving anymore and we enjoyed a few bites of our meal and our server boxed the rest up for us to take home for later. Both of us really enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere was perfect for an early dinner. My only complaint is that it was freezing in there! It definitely could have been just a touch warmer and it would have made our experience a little more comfortable. TIP: bring a coat!
Very tasty Italian fare in Tallahassee. I have been to Bella Bella twice now, and both times I thoroughly enjoyed both the food and the service. Both times were on weekend nights, however, and the place was crazy busy! First, Bella Bella has a decent amount of ambiance, I suppose, as the lights have been dimmed low during both of my visits. I really don't care to eat in the dark, but I guess I'm just used to the sterile fluorescent light of a 24-hour McDonald's. In any case, there can be a bit of a wait, but I've personally been lucky in that regard and was seated quickly during both visits (small parties). My dish of choice here is the Lasagna. I've always found Lasagna to be very hit or miss at restaurants, and fortunately Bella Bella's is a definite hit! It is a generous portion, very rich, with the perfect combination of pasta, cheese, and meat. Most of the dishes are in the $14-$20 dollar range, with the Lasagna being at the low end of that. They bring out complementary bread and butter (which is very good) and with the meals you get your choice of soup or salad. I have chosen the Caesar salad and theirs is a very good iteration! Of course, as the other reviews mention, you can also get a variety of appetizers, including the apparently famous "bubble bread." It is quite good, and you get a decent amount for $7. It is essentially cheesy bread with a side of marinara for dipping. The bubble bread is perfectly delightful, but honestly tastes about the same as the cheesy bread at Hungry Howie's (which I also like). Finally, Bella Bella has a small but decent wine list and selection of high end beers, which are all the rage right now. I wish I could tell you which beer I had, but I can't remember. Must have been one of those potent IPAs!
Incredible. Great service and handmade dishes. Strongly recommend the hummus appetizer and meatball entree.
Had a group of 7 of us.  Very nice and accommodating for us walking in last minute!  I had my usual bubble bread and roasted garlic ravioli with Gorgonzola cheese.  It was to die for as usual.  I have been there multiple times but tried the Caesar salad for the first time and it was the best Caesar salad that I have had in Tallahassee!
I recently went there with a large group. The food was excellent.  I had the eggplant parmigna...it was delish !   The bubble bread is so addictive.  The service was amazing especially for such a large group ( 20 ). I would definitely recommend.
Great place for a date or for an intimate dinner setting with friends. They don't take reservations on weekends, but they have a nice lounge area where you can order drinks and appetizers while you wait for your table. Food is delicious and service is outstanding. Several staff members make sure you have a nice experience, and the drinks are good as well.
I went on a Saturday night celebrating my friends' birthdays. The ambiance was nice, however, there was no place to wait for a table. You either had to stand in the hall of the door, where every person going in and out of the restaurant would be face to face with you, or stand in the awkward area where servers and hostess would run food also forcing them to be face to face with you. Once we sat, our server was nice; made sure we got everything we needed. Food was decent, definitely didn't think it was worth the price. I ordered the Spinach and Roasted Garlic Ravioli while my husband ordered the Chicken Parmesan. The chicken was very juicy and tasty but mine fell flat. It was dry and the sauce was way wrong. It should have either been served with a white, rosa, or pesto sauce. The red tasted like it was out of a can. However, the bubble bread is as delicious as they say and recommend it. You really can't go wrong with bread, cheese, and butter!
Again, I'm left with an experience in Tally that leaves me wanting so desperately to leave a glowing review, but just can't. The feel of the place is GREAT! It even reminded us of a swanky wine bar in Manhattan, and the service we got as we ordered dinner at the bar was also great (I think Cara was her name and we couldn't ask for a better experience. She was attentive, friendly and capable but unobtrusive.) The food though... It came out quickly even while the restaurant was packed...but maybe they should've taken just a few more moments. My risotto was undercooked - crunchy in spots - and way too cheesy. It overwhelmed the grouper which in contrast was done well and subtly flavored. The baked ziti was edible, but tasted like they had gotten too many of their ingredients from a can. Tally, what is it about you that makes it acceptable for restaurants to be just "ok??" WHY?!?!?!?!?!! Arg.
My goodness gracious....where to begin... mmm.....mmmmmmmmmm....mmmmmm probably with the bubble bread....holy bejeezers this stuff is so cheesy and tasty....and their marinara sauce may be my all-time favorite. everything is just full of flavor.... we sampled the baked tortellini and a chef salad....and the portions are outrageously big. I mean, we barely put a dent in it. I love the location and the decorations....great place to go for some good italian food! the service was also wonderful. I don't even remember which one was our server really....they kind of tag team the room....so we never went without anything.
I came here with a good friend and let me just start out by saying...bubble bread is 100% made with fairy dust. Like WHAT IS IN THAT!? Our waitress asked if we wanted it and I had never been to Bella Bella before so I asked what it entailed and obviously she had me at bread and cheese but it. is. so. much. more. The prices are great for what you get- we split a bottle of cab, had bubble bread, 2 chicken parms (which come with a side salad, zing!) and dessert and both spent about $40 including tip! Not too bad, y'all. Not too bad at all. However, my only complaint is that our waitress seemed really...bored? Cavalier? I don't know what she was but she was not excited about being our server. I am a server myself so I understand that sometimes we have off days where we fail tests, break up with boyfriends, or what have you, but...I think she was just like that all the time. Kind of off putting. I felt like I was annoying her. If i was, sorry boo boo. I would definitely eat here again- the prices are excellent as is the food. And the manager is very nice and seems like she really knows what she's doing.
I've heard a lot of rave reviews for Bella Bella, so I decided to try it out on my date tonight.  The restaurant itself is very charming and parking wasn't too bad (although we were there right at opening time). However, the food was pretty disappointing overall.   The caesar salad lacked the richness and umami I usually long for in a caesar (way too much lemon in the dressing).  The bubble bread was good until I recognized the secret ingredient - and it subsequently overwhelmed each bite I took. For entrees, I ordered the special - smoked chicken ravioli with a rosemary cream sauce.  The ravioli were very flavorful but the sauce was like water.  I had to be careful in eating my ravioli not to splash the milky substance everywhere.  It was definitely not a cream sauce and could have stood much more reduction. My companion ordered the spinach and garlic ravioli.  Similarly, his ravioli were good but his sauce was disappointing.  It was basically flavorless and was served lukewarm.  Overall, the food seemed decent but lacking that certain something that would elevate it to being delicious. The service was also adequate but was certainly nothing to rave about.  We received our bread at an awkward time (right as I was finishing my entree, I was thinking it was dessert bread for a second..) and our waitress barely checked in with us during the evening. At the end of dinner, my companion and I both decided that the food was adequate, but hardly worth the elevated price tag.  Most likely we won't be returning in the future.
This is mine and my wife's go to spot.  I'm sure there is better Italian restaurants in NYC, CHI, or Jersey.lol  But in Tallahassee choices are slim and good restaurants are hard to find. Appetizers: obviously the bubble bread is good, but the stuffed mushrooms are the best I've ever had, but they are expensive for 6-7 little caps...step it up Bella I want more caps on my plate for $7. This food is consistent. They have the best Ceaser salad I have ever tasted but I usually opt out and get a soup special, the soup is always pretty good, if they have a beer soup get it, you will love it.   My favorite entree is the Eggplant Rolatini and anything with shrimp is good, they have good shrimp not sure why, I would think it is frozen but maybe not. Two things I have wanted to complain about:  First is the cold butter they serve you with your bread, come on cold butter how annoying to break my bread into crumbs trying to spread that cold stuff. Second I am sick of hearing about the delicious sides you serve with your fish specials, but will not allow those sides to be served with entrees...not everyone likes fish. I just ask that you please offer those yummy risottos and macaroni and cheeses as a side, that I am always willing to pay extra for.  You allowed me twice to get it as a side and then I have been turned down twice, that made me want to walk out but my wife would not let me.   Other than that inconsistency of side item requests I will return as always and I will ask the waitress not to waste her breath with the fish special and yummy sides that I am not allowed to have or buy.
There are so many mixed reviews on this place, so I'm going to put in my two cents. Another couple and us went to Bella Bella just for desert. I have never been there for  anything else so I can't judge the food. Our friends ordered an almond cream pie. We had a couple of bites and it was very good. We ordered the coconut cream cake and it was exquisite. We also ordered a couple of espressos that we very good. Overall the place is very romantic and cozy. There was a guy there playing the guitar which was very nice. We thought the place was great and so was the service. I look forward to having a more extensive meal there.
Let me just start off with..as you walk through the front door you are greeted by a huge specials board and if you peer to the left, into the kitchen, you'll be impressed by dueling microwaves tirelessly working to bring your soon to be dinner to piping hot perfection. This place is a joke!  Go buy some Barilla and Prego sauce and you've had the equivalent to Bella Bella. And for the really adventurous, try the famed "bubble bread" - gobs of cheese, oily garlic butter substance all a top a (more then likely) microwaved hoagie roll! Now on to my entree. Lasagna with Italian sausage. Sounds good right?!  Try layers of slippery noodles and a heaping of ricotta cheese...with Italian sausage lightly sprinkled on top.  Not within each layer...only on top!   ... At least the wine and beer selection was good!!
The bubble bread was AMAZING! Service was friendly and quick, the only reasons why this establishment has been cut short of 5 stars, drink price and food was slightly colder then it should of been. It was still an amazing time at Bella Bella!
I spent my first date here with the love of my life.  It has a great atmosphere, great wine, and authentic Italian food.  The prices are reasonable compared to the number of Italian chains in Tallahassee.  Everything is good so go with intent of going back! I come back time after time.
Not sure why everyone in town seems to love this place.  It's okay.  Have tried a few things for lunch (bubble bread, red pepper hummas, fried cheese, soups, chicken, greek, and caesar salads, lasagnas, melts, etc.) and dinner (cannelloni, raviolis, and fish) and have never walked away craving to go back for seconds. The service has been hit or miss.  The owners/managers (I'm guessing they are they owners because of the pride they take in the place and effort they give) are awesome and bend over backwards to try and ensure you have a great experience.  But we've been disappointed with both members from the waitstaff and bartenders.   A nice layout and ambiance with indoor and outdoor seating.  Unfortunately the food keeps one wanting for more.
I'm not sure if it was the wonderful company, the atmosphere or the food but I enjoyed my evening at Bella Bella's! I started with sin zin and an order of bubble bread. Yelpers were right- this was good stuff! Don't count fat grams or calories when ordering. The cheesey bread had a wonderful light flavor and it was accompanied by a light marinara sauce. After tasting the bubble bread, I did not even want to try my friend's bruchetta. Hubby ordered a number 9 pale ale and he loved it. His house salad was a spring green mix with croutons, cheese and balsamic. I chose the side of French onion soup. Oh my God- what a flavor rich broth!! Beefy, onionie, and wonderful. Perfect balance of bread, cheese and soup. I will order this again! It was flavor heaven. Now for the meals. Friend ordered spaghetti and meatballs. Huge portions of meatballs and he said they had a great flavor. There were a lot of leftovers for him. Friend 2 ordered chicken parm. Out came a large flattened Chicken served over angel hair pasta. It must have been wonderful because the entire dish was licked clean. Hubby ordered the sicilian lasagna and was pleased even though it wasn't quite as good as his own cooking. It had sweet Italian sausge, riccotta, and sauce with a layer of mozzarella on the top. He would have liked each layer to have mozzarella. Now for my dish- eggplant rollatini. Five stars. Five!! Fried eggplant rolled around a cheesey flavorful concoction, baked - hot loving goodness. It was good the next day for breakfast! I am going to compare this to Rocco's Italian restaurant in Crystal River. I thought their eggplant rollatini was the best. We'll see. Oh, their house Cabernet was good as was the white- so I was told by those white wine drinkers.   So why only 4 stars? The sauce on the spaghetti was - uninspired. I loved the marinara on the bubble bread and I'm not sure if it was the same sauce but I don't think so. It just needed something but I'm not sure what. I can't wait to go back!
All I had was the tiramisu and a cup of Joe (first time I visited). Tiramisu was delicious, definitely will get again. Coffee, just Community Coffee - nothing too special. Nice service though. Came again to have dinner and oh yea... Good good good. All around good. Service. Food. BUBBLE BREAD!
On the way to Orlando we stopped here. Beside yelp 3.5 star review we decided to give it a shot. Since most of the 4-5 star reviews seemed very convincing. I will have to say we had the best experience in a long time. The whole experience was great. Te hostess was very warm and welcoming, loved her smile, checked on us after seating a sign of taking pride in your work and confidence.  The waitress was right on the mark she knew to give us space and making excellent recommendations. All the reviews are right on it was noisy in the bar side or the seating area, but in my opinion it was a plus to ambiance. Me, wife and two little ones had great time. On the way back to Austin, We are definitely driving by there to try them on more time. Oh yes live the chandeliers and theme they have, very Austin like place.
So, the Bubble Bread. Yup. Garlicky cheesy goodness. Went for dinner last Friday, kind of pricey but worth it. I had spinach and garlic ravioli - it was amazing but super filling. Even Tristan was full, and he is usually my own personal human food vacuum. Decent wine selection, quality service. We didn't have enough room for dessert, but I've been for dessert once before - incredible tiramisu and good coffee. We came home stinking of garlic, but all in all I'd say that's not really a bad thing.
Outstanding service and meal.  Could not believe I was dining in tallahassee.  Requested a spinach salad which was not on the menu and they made it great !  Also had the artichoke soup which was wonderful ! The food was expensive and worth it but at the price for me it is a special occasion resturaunt.
Service was fine, but for the price, the food did not live up to the value for the price.  I've had better food at lesser priced establishments. This next part is really not related strictly to Bella Bella, but I have never understood a restaurant's propensity to rape people for a bottle of wine.  A bottle of White Zinfandel, that can be purchased at any grocery store for $3 should not cost $24 at a restaurant.  Restaurants insult my intelligence when they do this.
This is the best Italian food in Tallahassee. They have a great wine selection, and I recently discovered that their craft beer selection is almost as good. Their "Bubble Bread" appetizer is a tradition for those that come here regularly so I strongly encourage trying it! I have yet to have anything on this menu that wasn't quality. My sister, who spent a semester in Italy, has said this place is high quality for America.
I really wanted to like this restaurant with it's cool interior and hip vibe. But alas, service was just okay and the food was really nothing special. My daughter loved the stuffed mushrooms and bubble bread, although I did not get a chance to try them.  My ravioli was prepared well, but the gorgonzola completely overwhelmed the spinach it was supposed to compliment. Everyone else said their food was good, but not great, about the sane as nine. Parking was also an issue, which is not surprising for that area. To end on a good note, the desserts were fantastic although I forgot to ask if they were made there are bought. I would guess they were bought elsewhere. Oh, and make sure you order the Bubble Bread!
Like someone else said, the bubble bread alone is good enough to give them 5 stars - and indeeed, the bubble bread and service are the sole reasons why I'm writing a 4 star review. Having lived immediately next to a quaint authentic Italian restaurant in NYC, I know homemade pasta when I see it and that's not what you'll find at Bella Bella. Additionally, their drinks are, in my opinion, extremely overpriced. However, I would meet someone up for some bubble bread before a night out drinking on the town because it is THAT good (and reasonably priced). Also, kudos to our server Sarah and her coworkers, who did everything they possibly could to ensure we were satisfied with our meal - if you know anything about me, you know service is probably 80% of my entire dining experience so there you have it! Try the bubble bread or kick yourself in the butt later :)
The Bubble Bread is to die for!! Food is super good! It does get a little loud when it is prime dining time due to the hardwood floors. Not much to look at on the outside but the bubble bread is worth stopping for everytime I come to town!!!
Bubble bread is a must order! I had seared grouper with rosemary lemon risotto, which was EXCELLENT!  I ate, started to hurt, but kept eating.  The service was polite but slow, so this is not the place to go, if you're in a hurry.
Was in town on a college visit with my daughter and thought I would take her out for a nice dinner.  Unfortunately Bella Bella was not what most here on Yelp say it is.   Bubble bread is pretty much a hoagie roll with sauce and cheese melted on top.  Eggplant rollatini was not good (cold and flavorless)nor was my daughters penne with vodka sauce (dry and flavorless).   I don't mind spending money on a good meal, that was not the case here.
The food was very good. My mom and I got the chicken lasagna special and bubble bread appetizer. We only had water to drink and it was $43. So a little pricier than I usually enjoy, but not too bad and the food was excellent.
Had dinner at Bella Bella for the first time tonight. I have to admit being an Italian restaurant and my pickiness when it comes to Italian food I was not sure. I ordered the special and it was excellent, stuffed ravioli with portabella mushroom and chicken. Also had a Shutaki Mushroom soup. It was also quite good. What really brought themealtogether was a cheese board. Had a great selection of cheeses meats.and Presuto stuffed vinegar peppers. Worth going again. Service was attentive and good.
Ate here this weekend for the first time. Service and atmosphere was very nice. Young and hip and very friendly and professional. I had the house salad with gorganzola dressing-YUMMY! We shared the bubble bread which really is bread with sauce and cheese-good. I had the special meatballs and spaghetti. The meatballs were good but fell apart and crumbled as soon as you stuck your fork in them. The pasta was so obviously old. It was in no way freshly made. The sauce was good but way too much  for the pasta and meatballs. The sauce should coat the pasta not drown it in. I lived in Italy for 4 years and they should not serve shaved parm for pasta. It should be grated and goes better than big chunks of it. Overall it was a 7 out of 10. I will go back again and try another dish just so I can say I gave them a chance.
They have expanded and they are really trying - just not that exceptionally interesting. The service was great. A little more lighting (so that you can read the menu) and something to absorb the sound would be nice. I enjoyed by oysters on spinach with melted cheese and the salad was good for pre-mix. I'd go back and would give it another 1/2 star if I could. I went there when it first opened some years ago and was extremely impressed but I guess it just wasn't sustainable and saleable.
Bella Bella is small and cute and has great Italian food. Parking is tricky but not impossible, you just have to walk a little bit. Seating can be a little awkward because of the size of the restaurant. The food is really good though. Definitely get the bubble bread, the canneloni, the house salad, and usually whatever fish special they have is good too. The tiramassu is the best way to end your meal.
I've gotten take out from here once. Was pretty good.
Excellent locally owned Italian eatery. While not quite a regular due to retail wages when I have a special meal I almost always choose Bella Bella. Their regular meals are fantastic and their specials are always a delight. And bubble bread is an addiction unto itself. Beer selection (for a hophead) is always good with Magic Hat, Sierra Nevada and other microbrews (the more prevalent names) on the list. I'm not a wine fellow but have been assured by my girlfriend and her family that its top notch at Bella. And while slightly pricier in the college town of Tallahassee, I've walked out with a much smaller bill than many chains like Carrabba's and the rest of their ilk.
I just got back from eating at Bella Bella and i thought it was really awesome.  Probably one of the best restaurants in TLH.  We started off with the stuffed mushrooms which were dripping in melted cheese and garlic.  They were absolutely delicious.  My house salad was really good and i had the creamey garlic dressing which i could tell was homemade.  It didnt come from a bottle.  The french onion soup was next and was bursting with flavor.  I didnt think i liked french onion soup but this was bursting with flavor and had tons of cheese.  My entree was spinich and garlic stuffed ravioli.  It had a very herbey, leafey taste to it.  It was different but i completely enjoyed it.  The meal was perfect from start to finish.  Our waitress was really good too.  She was knowledgeable about the dishes on the menu and really seemed to enjoy her job.  I'll most definitely go back here.
I was disappointed. Yes, the bubble bread was delicious, but the Veal Parmesan special was disappointing, and the service was not very good.
Everytine I go to Bella Bella I always expect more. It I am always diappointed with the menu. The entrees are pretty much the same. Cheesy, Italian-American crusine and the fact that everything comes with a side of spaghetti is slightly boring. Buy some peas or something. The salads are good though, try the house dressing.
I live in Orlando but sometimes have horrible cravings for Bella Bella's Gorgonzola pasta dish, bubble bread, and a glass of wine. Super cute atmosphere, superior service, and great pasta dishes. What more could you ask for, ever? Several of my friends order their baked pastas on a regular basis and love them. Now if I could convince the owners to open a second location in Orlando...
Best italian restaurant in Tally IMO.  It's all about the atmosphere.  Some of the dishes are so-so, but it's just a really cool place.  The bubble bread alone makes this place a 5!  Just go and check it out if you haven't been.  The only bad thing I can say about this place is that it is not open on Sunday and it seems everytime I get a bubble bread craving...it's Sunday.  The wine list is not the best either.
Pretty simple Italian food.  Bubble bread was a unique dish and worth a try.  Basic atmosphere with a basic Italian menu.  Meh.
While visiting friends that live in Tallahassee they recommended we go to Bella Bella for dinner our first night in town... Very busy spot! We waited for our table while enjoying drinks in the back lounge area which was very cozy. The place was packed, not sure if they take reservations or not but I strongly recommend trying. Once sat in the dining room we were immediately noticed by a very friendly waitress. When given specials and asked if the dishes were made there the waitress told us she had no idea. Kind of odd not to know the menu or product? I personally ordered the Veggie lasagna and a house salad with the Gorgonzola dressing, that dressing was the best part of my meal. My fiancé ordered the French onion soup with was nothing exciting, not enough flavor or cheese. He also ordered a seafood ravioli special and he said it was okay at best, wouldn't order it again. Our friends ordered the fish special that evening and enjoyed it very much. We enjoyed the atmosphere very much, loved the unique tables and decor. Overall a okay time, would come back just for that amazing salad dressing!
This place is so cute! I absolutely love the atmosphere, dimmed lighting and comfy. The food is okay, just not my favorite italian cuisine. It gets pretty packed for dinner, and the dining area is really small. The last time I went was maybe a year ago during winter, so it was too cold to eat outside and I think the bigger room is for reservations? Anyway, cute place, decent food.
2 nights in a row and I may come back tomorrow. Chillin at the bar with a nice glass of read and the food is awesome! Service is great and I look very much forward to many meals here after I move down from Birmingham!
Great atmosphere, great food, even better wine! I really enjoyed going here when I was in Tallahassee. The only downside was that the place is very small and there isnt an area to wait. Also the parking lot is very dark and a little spooky. All worth it becuase the food is good!
Valentine's Night 2011. YES goodness the place was packed! However my date and I sat at the bar ordered a bottle of wine and chatted as if one one else was there. Cool looking bar and good bar guy. An hour later as promised we got our table. We were in no hurry. We had Veal Osco Bucco ~ yummy dinner enough for two with Risotto. Tapa with Smoked Salmon, good salad, tasty Cream of Tomato soup. The meal was evenly paced. The place was busy as heck. We enjoyed. You will too. If on Valentine's Day you can enjoy, just imagine what it would be like on a "regular" day
Heard so much about this place but when I went it was just a "meh".  Average, sort of bland Italian fare.  Bubble Bread was good though.  Wait staff was good, if a little unfriendly but I hate overly friendly servers, so I can overlook that.  Maybe I went on an off night?  I'll try again sometime, but really... Tally's not really known for excellent, authentic Italian food (or anything else besides outrageously crooked politicians) is it?
I've been taken here for lunch twice by work colleagues and have loved it each time. You MUST have bubble bread if you come here - cheesy, delicious bread served with marinara sauce that I could probably just eat two orders of and be happy. I've tried several of their sandwiches and have loved them. Neither was so large and overstuffed you couldn't bite into it but were just the right size. I'm always urged to try the Bella Bella Salad but haven't yet - it always looks impressive when it arrives for a fellow diner! The staff are always friendly and helpful even during the busy lunch hours when I've visited. The dining room is noisy though so if you're looking for a quiet place for lunch either choose an outdoor table or go another time.
Ok, first time here in 7 years. Greatly improved. I was surprised by the lack of a children's menu. They said we could order an appetizer like mozzarella sticks or cocoanut shrimp for her. Not really what I wanted for my 2 1/2 yr old. I ended up getting a side of pasta with red sauce. They gave her a huge helping pasta and maybe 2 tablespoons of marinara sauce. I just asked for some parmesan cheese and then she was happy. The bubble bread appetizer was good flavorful cheesy garlic bread. I recommend it. The Torpedo beer was very good similar to an IPA (not nutty as waiter described). My husband says the cauliflower cheese soup is good. The pasta Alfredo with chicken is ok too.  I had an eggplant dish and I forget the name, but it was really good. The eggplant was rolled and stuffed with a ricotta mixture and topped with a red sauce, it came w a side or angle hair pasta and marinara sauce (very garlicky sauce). Over all we enjoyed the meal and our waiter was friendly, helpful and attentive. I'd give them a five if they had a kid friendly selection, like spaghetti and meatballs or grilled cheese and fruit.
Being a native New Yorker, I am naturally skeptical of any Italian place outside the NY/NJ area. But since my mom was in town and wanted Italian I decided it would be a good place to check out since I had heard it was pretty good. It was definately better then I expected and I was very happy with my pesto chicken melt and my moms taragon chicken salad was fresh and delicious as well. The service was good and the place itself is nice. Overall a pretty good dining experience and one that I definately recommend.
Many reviewers use the word "cute" because the place was really small, but it has now expanded a bit.  It is still a "chick" dining experience.  "Jim Bobs" would feel out of place. The food is quite good and very reasonably priced.  Service is enthusiastic and attentive.  Our Red Pepper Hummus this evening was served with plenty of perfect pita bread chips, but the red pepper dip was a tad bland.  It needs a dash of cumin.  The Cannelloni was perfect - just the right amount of basil and cheese in a tender cannelloni. The staff will do their best to recommend a wine that fits your fancy for your meal. Parking on the side of the building and around the back is a problem.  There is not much the owners can do about it. This is a great place for those small office lunch celebrations of birthdays and farewells.
What a wonderful find.  Food was wonderful.  Service was quick and professional.  Overall great dinner and dining experience.  I can't wait to go back again!!
Fantastic. Food, service, and atmosphere was great. Try the mushroom ravioli!
Yes, the Bubble Bread is fantastic.  However, if it is a salad that you want, the Bella Bella salad is the best salad on the Planet--mixed greens and fruit with Gorgonzola dressing.  The servers are friendly and efficient.  A great place to meet friends for lunch, which I do a lot.
The place is awesome! The famous bubble bread is to dye for. Wanted to go to Clusters&hops at first but when we got there didn't feel like going in. May be their food is good, but the ambiance isn't there. Bella Bella looked a lot better and we didn't regret for a second our decision to go there. I had a grouper with rice and pineapple which was fantastic, my husband was hungry after his 69 miles bicycle ride today, so he got himself a lasagna and wasn't disappointed either. I would definitely go there again next time we're in town!
Food is generally pretty good, though I've had better (and cheaper!).  The best thing here is the bubble bread.  They put gorgonzola cheese on it along with the mozzarella, which gives the flavor a wonderfully sharp bite that can only come from moldy, stinky cheese :)  If it weren't for the bubble bread though, I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to eat here that often, but it is certainly decent.
I had lunch there with a friend and business colleague.  It was among the best lunches I've ever had in Tallahassee. It was a Tuesday (that's traditionally a slow day for restaurants, no?) and the place was packed and bustling with activity, which I always take as a good sign. (If you want a quick lunch, by all means, stop by Sonic; it's a couple blocks north of Bella Bella.) We shared the appetizer -- fried ravioli with marinara sauce for dipping -- outstanding. I had a cup of Navy Bean and Kale soup, which may sound gross, and I actually ordered it to "be healthy" but later, I wished I had ordered a bigger bowl so that I could have whole my whole face in it. t was smoky, buttery and the beans and greens were ideally tender. Next was Tarragon Chicken Salad over Spring Greens with House Vinaigrette, which was perfect in every way: the chicken salad, moist, creamy and savory; the greens, fresh and crispy (which is amazing, because it was an extremely humid day); and a sous-chef-perfect dressing that I'm sure earns constant comment. For dessert I had black coffee and Ricotta Cheese Pie which was lemony and only semisweet, as it is supposed to be, and tasted as good as my mom's (which she learned from her Italian mother). I would put this place on par with the best lunches I've had in Rome or Florence, Italy. I'd recommend Bella Bella to anyone wanting a leisurely lunch of delicious, chef-quality choices in a busy, bistro-type atmosphere.
