Great beer selection for all palettes. Funky vibe. Friendly and informative staff, enjoyable banter and beer chat. This was our first stop in town and I'm happy it was. The outdoor BBQ  grilled shrimp was ridiculously tasty.
I'm no beer connoisseur by any stretch of the imagination, but if you're looking for a place with an incredible selection of micro-brews and an ever-changing beer menu then look no further. This humble watering hole is definitely one of the most unique bars in Tallahassee. The element that sets them apart from most places is that the bartenders know the beer they're serving just like any waitstaff would know a menu in a fine dining restaurant. Overall, it's an incredibly laid back vibe surrounded by memorabilia from the past decades and simply put - a chill place to grab a great brew. It's narrow bar with not much space to speak of, but that can be easily tolerated for the unique experience.
Great bar with limited indoor seating. Beer Selection: Top notch. The best thing about Fermentation is the changing beer selection. Beers on tap change weekly, and they always have a brew that is up your alley. At least ten new beers every week. The bottle menu is extensive and can definitely satisfy any palette. Service: The bartenders are very knowledgable and kind. They do a tremendous job of taking orders, even when there's only standing room in the entire bar. Atmosphere: Very laid back. Curious mix of older students, government workers, artists, and young professionals. There is always an interesting conversation just an eavesdrop away. An enjoyable outdoor seating area. The inside of the bar can get a little crowded during peak hours. Overall, a great place to grab a drink in Tally.
Hands down, my sons' favorite bar in Tallahassee and one of mine as well. This was his last time at Ferm since the purpose of my trip was to help him move to California. I guess you could say the "party" was for him since I met many people who were friends, co-workers and faculty at FSU. The bar had put aside some special bombers just for us to taste and they were all great. This place has an awesome selection of beers, both on tap and in bottles, with a limited menu of munchies. There is, however, a little sandwich shop right next door. Ferm is located in a neighborhood on a little side street and, like another reviewer has said, you need to look for it. Nothing flashy on the outside, or inside for that matter. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. Their selection of beers is awesome and constantly changing. Go here for good beer and mead and always great conversations. I will miss going here when visiting in Tallahassee.
I'm not going to sit here and claim that Fermentation Lounge is the equivalent of the Toronado or Redlight Redlight, but I can say with certainty that it's a hip craft beer bar that does a excellent job with its tap selection and bottle list. Like many a good beer geeks' hangout, Fermentation is a relatively unassuming bar from the outside, tucked back within a neighborhood. It's not the kind of place one will randomly happen upon while strolling around Tallahassee - you have to want to find it. Sampler flights of three are offered, which is always a nice touch. It's also possible to go with a "double flight" of 6, which is exactly what we did. Not with beer, but with mead, mind you - turns out this place boasts a nice little mead selection, and the guys behind the counter are more than happy to let you in on it. I particularly enjoyed the Viking Blod, a mead of which I have a bottle at home, but have been afraid to crack open because it's 19% ABV. I shouldn't have been hesitant. It sounds big and tough, and does indeed look like blood due to the addition of hibiscus, but it's surprisingly gentle and balanced for such a powerful beverage. My visits to Tallahassee-area bars weren't comprehensive, but from what I did experience, my feeling is that this is the best beer bar in town.
Down from a solid 5 star review, Fermentation has some problems. This was the best place in Tallahassee (not saying much), but they were a laid back, mature bar with fantastic beer. And dog friendly. Well, like all things in Tallahassee, they have taken a good thing and tweaked it until it is just...wrong. Ferm is serving food now. If people were crowding the place for the last two years with no food, what makes them think they need to be a restaurant? Of course, that also means that now all of the sweet little dogs are not allowed, which was much of its charm. The food is average to poor. The place makes a bad restaurant. It is the Go to hangout for yuppies, lawyers, and government assholes. It's a lot like Seattle in this way. What once was Grunge music and flannel is now Microsoft.
An ever-changing bottle list is the least this hometown oasis had to offer. I love this pub! A great music mix (via subscription radio) and live local bands during the week lends to a variety of nothing but good times. Retro fitted bar tops and mid-century-style furniture are as comfortable of a lounge setting you will find in Tallahassee. With 12 beer taps on a CONSTANT rotation you can find an old favorite or a libation you have yet to enjoy. I recommend Ferm. to any locals, visitors, or new transplants looking for a good time with fun people. If you havent found the right place to go for a drink and you have an adventurous palate, this is your next stop.
I love the beer selection and the friendly bartenders, but I'd only go during the late afternoon on the weekends. Weekend nights are cramped and uncomfortable, and there is usually nowhere to sit. I'd say the crowd is on the upper middle class/grad student range. They do also have a few cheese plates to choose from, which I find to be pretty awesome.
Fermentation Lounge is a cool little beer specialty bar that great for the beer connoisseurs out there. Located on All Saints, it fits well with the neighborhood vibe. The bar is quite small, basically a strip-mall sized rectangular bit of space. There is also a nice outside area which blends with the storefronts of the neighboring shops and which was populated by beer drinkers during my visit. This is a spot for beer-lovers. You will also pay beer-lover prices, because they do not sell your common boozehound beers, but instead a variety of specialty beers, foreign beers, and microbrews. The beers I drank during my visit were between $4-$5 a pint. All of them were very good. The bartenders were friendly and the bar had a fun atmosphere that was a little bit sophisticated and a little bit bohemian. This place is not for everyone. A bar like this is naturally going to be a bit pretentious, but it's not unbearable here. I may return, but I generally count myself amongst that group that just doesn't like paying $5 a beer. For those of you that do, or for those of you who want to sample some unusual and tasty beers, Fermentation Lounge is sure to be a hit.
Good beer selection. Excellent atmosphere. Located in a nice part of Tallahassee. However, did have an issue where a bartender added his/her own tip to my bill after leaving for the night. Have attempted to contact management regarding. Would recommend this place for a casual drink though.
Had a lot of fun here, small, crowded and noisy! WE LOVED IT. Took a few min. to figure out how everything works and even tho I ordered WINE (I'm not a "craft beer" kinda guy) we were still treated well and welcomed by the regulars. Sitting on the patio, they had the grill fired up for Kabobs, talking with a REALLY eclectic group of new friends was a great way to enjoy a quiet Fl. night.
Love this place.  Friendly staff, relaxing, comfortable, good visuals, funky decor.  great selection of beers, and local foods.  5-beer sampler was a great deal at $7, and the cheese plate was also excellent.  We will be back whenever we am in Tallahassee. Note:  my experience was on a Thursday.  My sister and her husband went on a Friday when it was packed and did not enjoy it as much.  I will personally stick to the off nights.
Best beer bar in Tallahassee. This is a beer geek's happy place!! I talked to the bartender and shared with him what I liked. He brought me out something I have never heard of and I LOVED it!! I want one of these in New Orleans!!
Not that I am a beer snob except that perhaps...maybe I am. The best place for excellent beer in Tallahassee.  This is where I tasted my first ever cask ale and it pretty much ruined me for ordinary beer. Great servers - very knowledgeable.  My only complaint.  They used to have the most excellent cheese platters but now alas they are completely foodless (not even a pretzel) . Hopefully that will change soon... (NOTE: I am updating my review because now they have cheese again plus food trucks about a block away - nom nom)
Really great beer selection, ambiance, and bartenders. It is always packed (near-literally) on weekend nights. If you plan on only getting one drink, bring cash because there's a $10 minimum on cards. Sometimes the owner brings his tiny super-cute dog and you can pet him all you want.
This place is pretty chill. The mead is pretty great.
This is an amazing bar.  The beer selection is incredible, the music is as close to perfect in terms of sound level and selection, and the service is outstanding. In a college town it can be hard to find a place to get a drink that goes for a slightly older crowd. Well, in Tallahassee, this is it.
This has become my favorite bar in Tallahassee. On First Friday (and on other nights, from what I understand) they open up the Hop Yard (large yard down the street) and have an outdoor party with the food trucks, live music, corn hole, and beer tasing. They are turning the old WCTV(?) building into a brewery. It's a very up and coming place. If you want to check out the Hop Yard, tell the bartender and they won't pop your drink for you so you can walk down without an open bottle (lots of cops sneaking around in their patrol cars on busy nights). The bar is nice, small, and it has an unending supply of different beers. Tell the bartender what tastes you like and they will help you out- very nice, very professional. They have sausage and cheese (cheese supplied by Thomasville, GA Sweet Grass Dairy) which is excellent, and small beer sample boards. They have live music on Thursdays, I think. Highly recommend it as a fun place with a lot going on. Check it out on the first friday of the month, you won't be disappointed.
Was in Tallahassee for work and staying with my cousin a senior at FSU who introduced me to this place with some friends. It was an awesome space that had a good beer selection and serve wine and food as well. The music that night was cool and the vintage movie/ad clips on the screen were a great addition. The service was friendly and timely. I'd really love to see this concept on the north end of Downtown Tampa along Franklin Street. I think it would do well.
Amazing bar, amazing bartenders, amazing beer! One of the best beer selections in town. The ambiance of the bar is amazing but the outdoor seating is limited.
I like this place but wish it had something else going for it.  It's comfortable, not pretentious, the beeer selection is good.  Just wish theere was something else in the air.
They have a relatively unfriendly bar cat and a changing selection of excellent microbrews on tap, plus they have realized how cash-challenged alcoholics are and take plastic.  What more could you want?  OK, besides liquor, which is often an unrealistic fantasy for small businesses in Tallahassee.  The building is completely new and the interior is clean and fun, if a bit cramped.  From the couple of times I've been there, the clientele seems to be a bit older than most bars near FSU, which is refreshing for my quickly sagging ass.  Oh yeah -- and they will let you taste the beers, which means you can afford to be adventurous.
By far, my favorite bar in Tallahassee.  This place generates a sense of community for the more mature sector of FSU students.  Most of the clientele are grad students, mature undergrads, artists and professors.  It's has a cute, casual interior but it's a small space and people often spread on the outside sidewalks.  This is the one place in Tallahassee I truly enjoy frequenting.  Everyone is friendly and they have a fantastic, changing selection of beer and wine.
Visiting family over the holidays and found this place. Great beer selection - rivals some places we go in Brooklyn. Even serving up their own brews. Affordable too. I'm used to $6-10 pints of good craft beer and was stoked to find them for $4 here. Tallahassee needs more great beer joints like this.
The bar has a good feel to it; and they always have some old school cartoon or other odd show playing on a projector screen. They have a great beer selection with decent prices. The biggest problem is that several of the bartenders are pompous; some of the bartenders have been cool and helpful, but most are not. With that said, I will still visit this establishment purely because of their beer selection.
Probably the best "laidback" bar in Tallahassee with a huge selection of all different types of beer.
My favorite bar in Tallahassee. Great drink selection (try their "smokey" beers and mead!) and cool vibe. It's packed, but worth it for the good drinks and atmosphere.
Great little weird nerd bar, retrofitted in to an apartment, with good outside seating, in a new semi-urban neighborhood of Tallahassee.  Even if it's busy, you can usually get a seat if you wait around a few minutes.  Always an awesome selection of beers from around that world on the rotating menu.  Always something unusual and interesting to drink on tap.  The clientele are largely a mix of FSU grad students, younger Tallahassee locals, traveling salesmen, professors, the occasional lobbyist, and other   ne'er-do-wells, reprobates, and charlatans... good people!  Also, they continuously play cartoons from the 20s, 30s and 40s on a movie screen by the (one) bathroom.
Went here this past weekend for a first stop with a bachelorette party. Everyone had a good time. This bar has a pretty chill atmosphere with one of the best selections of craft beers that I have ever seen in Tallahassee. The service was really great and they had a good deal for a sampler if you wanted to try some of what they have on draft, and the samples were pretty large! If I lived in Tallahassee again I would certainly make this a personal favorite.
My favorite bar in Tallahassee. Great atmosphere with a nice mix of people. Craft beer & wine only -  but they have a great selection. Weekends get crowded, but if you can scope out and claim a table, it's a lot of fun.
Great place for rare beer and wine. Crowd is hipsters and young professionals with some of the older crowd there a bit earlier in the night. Always better than going to terrible college bars around town. They have an amazing selection, plus if you don't like what you ordered they let you switch it free of charge!
Absolutely amazing choice of beer. Love how the selections change. Atmosphere is very hip and chill. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and they don't change out that ofter (which is a huge plus).  One of the owners is almost always behind the bar, ready to chat and recommend a new beer. Everyone should try Fermentation at least once, or go there all the time!
My favorite little bar in town.  Go during the week, though - it gets SUPER crowded on the weekend!
The place for good beer in Tallahassee or the whole damn big bend region. A rotating barrage of excellent domestic and imported styles of brilliant beer. You'll see continental, west coast, midwest and east coast representation on the taps at any given night. The bartenders have an encyclopedic knowledge of their hopy arts. Prices range from good to as expected for little seen beverages in this little capital town. A casual atmosphere with projections of old films and odd advertisements that overflows onto the streets in a wonderful sense of community.  Only thing to be aware of is its a fairly congested destination on First Fridays and other events of note.
A great selection of beer and funky/comfortable decor!  I loved that they had plenty of board games to go around.   The bartender was helpful in recommending beers.   This is a must-visit bar in Tallahasse!
Great, ever-changing selection. The service is really awesome and they will talk shop with you about the beer if you ask! I love coming here but I do get overwhelmed by the crowded space.
This place is really fun though a bit crowded. The beer selection is always changing and tops. Best beer place in town.
Killer little bar. Tons of craft beer and a new addition next door that serves up some pretty good wine, as well. Bar has a hipster feel that attracts both a younger crowd and professional getting off work and looking for a strong beer to end the work day. Events typically throughout the week. Be sure to take a walk around this area, during the day, as there is some interesting architectural structure and boutiques.
Hip little place off the beaten path.  Staff are attentive and very friendly and the beer selection is fab.
Hip place, great staff and awesome beer. I just wish it were here in my town now.
Killer little bar. Tons of craft beer and a new addition next door that serves up some pretty good wine, as well. Bar has a hipster feel that attracts both a younger crowd and professional getting off work and looking for a strong beer to end the work day. Events typically throughout the week. Be sure to take a walk around this area, during the day, as there is some interesting architectural structure and boutiques.
Great people, fun atmosphere and their own brews are GREAT! They made a chocolate oatmeal beer that was unlike anything i've ever had.
This place is just awesome.. Enormous beer selection (you will be handed a multi-page beer menu), including MANY Belgian beers.  Some are kind of pricey, but the pricey ones are pricey beers by nature which you likely won't find in any other bar closer than Atlanta or Tampa.. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about the beers and they can give you advice about what to try.. They also offer beer tasting flights (5 beer samples for $7), the knowledgeable bartenders will advise you in which order to consume your samples so that the taste of one is not adversely affected by aftertaste from the previous one..  This place has a movie screen which is generally showing some sort of strange thing, they seem to have a policy of not showing sporting events , except for extraordinary occasions like the world cup or the super bowl.  Crowd ranges from college students to retirees, a very eclectic, intellectual seeming crowd..  A very friendly, casual sort of place.. It is quite small, so if you are here on weekend evening you may have trouble finding a place to sit.. The combination of the beer selection and the quite unusual ambience would make this place unique in any city, even I think a place like San Francisco..  They serve cheese plates made with high quality local organic cheeses...
great little hole in the wall, don't be fooled by the location, it really is in a residential area. fantastic beer selection and they rotate out the kegs with a new selection each time it's empty. encourage drinking for a ne flavor. seating is a little tight inside, even on the outside but that's part of the charm. all the patrons were friendly, locals, with all walks of life here. where else can you talk with total strangers on a porch, sit on a railing, have a cigar, and toss a beanbag. next time I am in town I'll be coming back
Chilled lounge surrounds, fantastic beer selection, bar tenders who know their beers. If you're looking for a place for a beer, this is it. Wish I had one like it in my hood.
What a great place!  A friend took me here while I was visiting Tallahassee and I loved it. Tons or choices for beer, wine, cider, even mead.  A truly unique place in Tallahassee and a great place to get gluten free drinks. Only complaint would be that it can get a bit crowded.
Ok, I love this place.  But one bartender dude has got to go.  Bearded, wearing a little cap and a major-league frown.  Time to get another job, man.  Ask him for some help to select a beer, and will spend serious energy to avoid answering you directly and to make you feel as stupid as possible.  All the other people are great, as is the beer.
i love fermentation.  they always have delicious beer and pretty nice wines and there's a heavy enough rotation where most times where i've gone two nights in a row, i'll be pleasantly surprised to find different wine choices and beer offerings.  the bartenders are all super chill and somehow it seems that no matter how packed the place is, they will usually be down to talk music, websites and other geekery with you (thanks, tyler and trevor!  AND chris and forrest!).  prices are always super reasonable.  i've only passed by and NOT gone in once -- that's only because it was so absurdly crowded and i had three people in tow.  we would have been smooshed together like sardines in a can.  if you like to roll solo (as i often do), this is an awesome place to meet and talk to interesting random strangers from all walks of life without things getting awkward.  i've talked to people for hours and at the end of the night just been like "welp, nice meeting you!" and they'll retort something similar and then it's good-bye, possibly forever.  kinda neat.  all in all, i've got no complaints about fermentation.  this place is awesome.
