I come here for one thing and one thing only: macarons. If you're looking for macarons in Tallahassee, this is the place. Vanilla, lavender, pineapple, chocolate, passion fruit, pistachio--so many flavors! And the texture is perfect. Really high quality macarons. And, just to confuse people, they ALSO serve macaroons! I'm sure everything else they serve is great, too. I wouldn't know. I'm only interested in the macarons. Don't come on Sunday or Monday, though. They're closed those days.
Best creme caramel I HAVE EVER HAD! I like to stop by this place on Saturdays, when I go to the farmers market, I get bread and cheese for the week from Au Peche and a treat for myself. They have some really good sandwhiches and lunch items too!
If i'm in the mood for anything sweet, i come here. if i need a birthday cake, i come here.    Friendly folks doing a great job.
This place was a real treat. I am so happy we decided to try it. We only come to Tallhassee on the rarest occasions but we will definitely make an effort to return to Au Peche Mignon! We shared four different patries and they were all devine. The employees were very accomidating and the experience was overall very pleasent.
The pâtisserie is as good as it's going to get "hors de l'hexagone." - I'll stand by that remark, accepting that there are certainly master pastry chefs across the u.s. Who ply a similar artisanal craft.  The humble croissant is my constant barometer for sizing up a store's acumen, much like the basic pizza permits a gander into the crystal ball of more fancifully topped pies to come. Charming place here, persnickety even.  I prefer picking up and taking away.  The few times I stayed were pleasant yet some of the patrons fancied themselves in world cities for a moment, rather than appreciating TLH's contribution in the form of a great pâtisserie for our honest and local appreciations. Le Pêche Mignon Is one of theamy reasons I love Tallahassee as much as i do. Merci!
It is the first time we try this place for aftenoon tea. Very peaceful environment. I like their macarons and the coconut creme brulee, though a little bit pricy and sweety.
Such a fan of this place, I would go here every Sunday, grab a couple of macaroons a cappuccino and enjoy the outside air.
So glad to have found a French Pastry Shop in Tallahassee since we visit quite often. It was one of those evenings where we did not feel like having dinner until desserts were had! So yes, we had dessert before our main dinner. We ended up ordering: Raspberry Buttercream Cake Petit Gateau L'Orange Nun's Cap ("eclair") The cake is so light and airy that it's really quite dangerous. I could probably eat half of an entire cake in one sitting. The Nun's Cap is decent and full of chocolatey goodness, but it was a tad too dry. The L'Orange ended up being our favorite. It was flavorful in the best possible way and we can't wait to return to order another. Maybe the not so Petit one next time.
I feel like I've stepped into a Parisian pastry shop every time I visit. They have a huge selection of pastries, and a nice selection of sandwiches and some quiches. The macaroons are perfect. Tallahassee is *blessed* to have this bakery. Truly *blessed*.
Really nice bakery with some great selections. We got Vegetable Croissants, Brie and Onion Croissants and Vegetable Scones for the savories. For dessert, we got Coconut Creme Brulee, Assorted Macarons, Assorted Chocolates, White Forest and Alhambra. Everything was PURE HEAVEN! We also got espresso and cappuccino. Both were strong and delicious. Service was pleasant, even though there was a little wait involved.
Enjoyed a nice coffee and almond croissant.  Super flaky with the right amount of almond, Delicious. Everything displayed looked appetizing.  Be careful you'll want to take one of each - savory croissants on Saturday.  Great service too. Will most definitely return on my next trip.
Best pastry shop in town hands down.
This is the best pastry shop.  When you walk in, it is a gallery of delicately designed petite cakes and desserts glowingly on display in a glass case.  Good prices too, a dessert is about $3.50.  I had an issue of getting a large box of about six desserts to take home.  Those were the days. Also, they will make you anything that you want, for the right price.  I ordered my husband a birthday cake.  I requested dark chocolate cake with chocolate mousse filling and dark chocolate ganache on top, because my husband does not like icing.  Ganache is simply dark chocolate melted with heavy cream to soften it.  They made it, and it was wonderful.  They even put "Happy Birthday Hotboy" on top for me.  Ha! Oh, I miss this place.  But, I sure don't miss Tallahassee.
Probably, actually THE BEST French pastry shop in Tallahassee. If it weren't located on the opposite side of where I live, I'd stop in everyday if I could. When you step in this cute little shop you become overwhelmed with everything that is sugary and sweet. These delectable little desserts are not only pleasing to the eye but heavenly delicious. I probably waste about five minutes figuring out what I want and holding myself back from just getting everything displayed. Probably the best dessert and cake I've ever had my entire life is from here, their Apple Normandy. They only make it to order in a cake size portion, but if you're lucky they have a few pieces to spare and sell to the public.   You can enjoy your sweet bite in the shop where they have little cafe like tables and enjoy the beautifully handmade paper cutout artwork surrounding the shop or take it to go in their signature French-like packaging. Either way you will be amazingly pleased.
Love love love! No comparisons.  Favorite cake: the white forest. And I always get a baton or two to go.
YUM!!! I have been looking for a place in Tallahassee that sells good cakes and pastries.  And I found it! The first thing I noticed was that there was a constant flow of customers coming out with white cake boxes so it's obviously very popular.  And for good reason.   There is a very good variety of different chocolate, fruit, cheese cakes.  It's a small, cute place with two or three tables to sit down and enjoy coffee and cake.  You sit outdoors or inside. It's located inside Market Square which is convenient for parking. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable about their products. Small cakes are around $3.50 - $4.50 each.  Larger cakes from around 6, 9 inches begin around $29.00. They have a website address on their business card but when I checked it, the link didn't work.
Smells wonderful! Looks yummy! and tastes awesome! Great selection of cakes and pastries. Yums!
I was looking for something local to do while I was in town. The visitors guide mentioned this area so I decided to take a look. The outside of the area looked a bit shady but I didn't care about that lol so I was looking for another location which my gps couldn't find so I decided to give this a go. Good thing I did! Wonderful croissants, creme brule and hot chocolate! Yum!
Excellent bread - eat within 1-2 days when you're expecting a crowd or cut off what you need and freeze the rest, reheating it in the oven for later.  Fresh bread choices change daily, but they often have frozen selections in the back - you just have to ask for them. Excellent coffee.  I've been disappointed by the baked goods; I feel they are overpriced and don't live up to the taste I would expect by looking at them.  They also have an array of chocolates, but I have yet to taste one of them.   A great Saturday morning date for my husband and I consists of going to the farmer's market at Market Square, walking to the liquor shop (Market Square Liquors) and 10,000 Villages (they sell a bit of everything), and stopping for breakfast (coffee and a croissant) at Au Peche Mignon.
Tutti frutti was very good. Crunchy crust with coffee mousse. Fruit boat not so good. Edit: Updating my post from 3 to 5 stars now that I've had the chance to try more of their desserts. Unfortunately, the cheesecake is so wonderful that I can no longer order anything else here.
Delicious pastries - worth every calorie.  Get two!
Tried the croissants.  Doughy and about the same consistency as a Pillsbury frozen croissant.  Took one bite and dropped off the remainder in their trash can
Best European style pastry shop in town. We get out birthday cakes here. Too bad you can't get much customization.
This little French bakery/pâtisserie is an absolute gem in the Tallahassee "foodie" community. It would be a criminal act NOT to stop in when you are in the area for homemade brioche or creme brûlée!
Good cakes. I like Black Forest and tiramisu. A cup of coffee, a piece of cake, a sunny day and a good mood!
There is no better place to get bakery in Tallahassee. This place has been doing it right for years. There is obviously a master or several master pastry chefs at work here. I pine for an eclair!
Without question the best bakery/pastry (and chocolates) shop in town. Not cheap but the highest quality. They've been good since they started but now they are even better (usually it's the opposite). Their brioche is to die for. They carry very good bread but it isn't their main thing. It would be nice if they did more of that but they probably know their Tallahassee market better than I do.
This is hands down the best European style bakery I have ever been to. I have been a customer ever since they opened. Their selection has gotten fewer, but quality is still superb. The only thing flaw is they are not open on Sunday.
Saturday's in Tallahassee for me, work out at Premier and run to Au Peche Mignon for the BEST coffee try the Sumatra ~ wish they had it every day. Then hot  Cheese Danish, Almond Scones, Foccochia on Savory Thursdays. Let's see have I missed anything there, I think not. I love my Saturdays when I am able to eat Au Peche Mignin Pastries. Say hello to joey
This place is divine. Delicious treats and great coffees are in abundance, plus the best fresh baked bread you can get, and it comes steaming in the plastic bag. I also have to make note of the extremely attractive guy behind the counter, even if he was wearing ugly jeans.
This is the best pastry shop in town with authentic European pastries. There is usually a line on Saturdays to get in. The pastries are authentic, so the croissant has substance with the right flakiness (I guess some reviewers don't like that authentic taste), the macaroons and napoleons are perfect, the chocolate mousse-filled pastries are creamy while light on fat and no fatty/sugary aftertaste. They even have an assortment of low-gluten pastries. Their baguette is the best you can find and even better than some Paris's bakeries (except maybe for the bakery in Rue Linne, Paris). Their cakes are delicious with fresh ingredients. We will be back for more!
The croissants are lovely to look at, but they are dense and heavy.  Good thing the desserts are delicious.  Nothing is cheap, but it's good value for the hard work that obviously went into the products.
Some people want to give it stars based on the quality of its surrounding competition. I'm not doing that. I've ordered three things here and I only really enjoyed one thing. I ordered bread, a cauliflower quiche, and croissants. I loooved the bread, but the quiche I literally ate half of and then threw away and the croissants were ok, but a little tough. I've been tempted to order the pastries but since they are like 3 and 4 dollars for very small servings, I haven't.
Everything is great here. A few desserts can be too rich for my taste. The minis are great for buffet parties, and the wedding cakes have been amazing and no more expensive than ordinary ones from ordinary bakeries. My favorite small cakes for family special occasions are Alhambra and Brie au Kirsch (also made individual size.)
