Level 8 topped off my wedding night in a great way two weeks ago! Many of our out-of-town guests were staying at Hotel Duval so it was an easy choice for the after party. We had a fun dance party (though we were hoping for some Taylor Swift to no avail) and closed the bar down. Chad Ryan was really wonderful and his colleagues, Rolf and Kristie, were also really great. We usually come to Level 8 when we visit home but now we'll definitely be loyal patrons because they helped make our wedding such a fun night! Thanks y'all! Bride with the Rainbow Sandals
Level 8 gives you one of the best spots to see the city. The lounge is small, but offers seating and standing space. Occasionally there is a performer. The couches along the long end of the building turn into bottle-service only seating after 10 pm. Something to remember if you're stopping by after dinner.
Had great fun! Pretty views, music was decent volume, waiter/waitress were good. Sure, it's expensive but bars always are. I'd come again. The chairs outside were a little uncomfortable but a drink or two in & you won't notice.
Pretty cool spot, but the sports and 80's music don't really fit.  Love the romantic outdoor seating.  Good wine and pretty swanky, so will return.  Play some trance and kill the TV's and this place would be sick.
Nice bar atop the hotel DuVal. No beers on tap. Not even a beer menu. It's a 'visual' menu...meaning look for yourself in the small cooler on the floor behind the bar and let me know what you want.   Decent happy hour n decent food. Enjoy the rooftop views.
I love hanging out at Level 8 when I am in Tallahassee. It's atop the restored Hotel Duval and definitely one of the trendy spots in Tallahassee. As one of the tallest buildings other then the Florida Capitol the view is exceptional and although the afternoon sun can be a little hot the sunsets are totally worth it. The bartenders and waitstaff are attentive and friendly and the food I have sampled there has been good.
The view ... It is all about this view! Very beautiful bar inside, too. Service is also on point. I could see hanging out here, a lot! My only gripe is the cigar smoking .... Nauseatingly so. You can't escape it no matter where you sit the wind somehow finds it's way to you. And, because they obviously encourage it (cigars sold here) .... just part of the "scene". The hotel is absolutely beautiful and I will definitely stay here, next time!
The bartenders are on point, the cocktail waitresses are charismatic. the "vip" hosts are rude and green behind the ear, there are table open for a possible sale and instead of checking the clip board to see if there are reservations he insists "these are for VIP only" well duh...that's why I'm asking if any are available....could it be that a GIRL wants to buy a table...oh heaven forbid! I'll skip this place the next time I visit Tallahasse
This place is one of the nicer classier bars in Tallahassee. But it tries to be too Idk exclusive?? I've lived in manhattan and the drinks at many top restaurants and bars are cheaper than here. I guess you command that when you can see treetops and antennas of Tallahassee Also the bartenders of which there are two on a really busy night. Which in turns mans unless you order a beer or shots it will end up tasting no better than bulls for 4x the price. Nice on a slow night maybe.
If the hubby and I have friends in town/want to get a drink we go here.
College town, lot's of dive bars and cheap drink places to go to. But sometimes you just really want a nice place to have a cocktail or glass of wine and chill.  This lounge is located in the beautiful Du Val Hotel, on the eigth floor overlooking the city. OK so this is Tallahassee and not one big huge metro city so 8th floor is rooftop. My daughter thought I might enjoy it so after dinner on Mother's Day we came here. How refreshing as we rode up the elevator, to walk out and see such a pretty view with comfy chic modern couches and tables lined up on the balcony. Pillows laid out on all the couches for extra comfort and relaxation. The inside of the bar area is not real large but they had plenty bar stools going around the bar area and more high tops inside. As the previous reviewer mentioned the age group is more upwards of 30 ish. For me that was cool. Regardless of the age group it was just pleasant to not be sticking to the floor or getting bonked in the head with plastic beer cups, or loud drunk obnoxious people. Have been coming to Tallahassee for over two years now and this is by far the classiest place in town. Our bartender David was so much fun and he was awesome at mixing cool drinks. He made us a shot of "German Chocolate Cake" oh my it tasted just like it. Great mixologist! When we first arrived he told us house wine was 2 for 1. Woohoo, score! It was decent especially for the price. My only regret was we went there the night before I left back home to Miami. I sure wish I would have gone sooner because I probably would have gone a few times during the week.  It did kind of remind me of a nice lounge in Miami without the big rude bouncers requesting a cover to get in. Not pretentious here at all, so yes I am a huge fan of this place! Sit outside, relax, enjoy the beauty of all the greenery and land. We met some cool people while chillin outside, friendly peeps. And as far as David our awesome bartender he is super friendly, attentive, great Customer Service, and very HOT!!  We did joke about it throughout the evening. Cool, fun, classy place that I am so looking forward to on my next visit. Hey guys, this is a very nice place to take a date, as it can be very romantic. My only issue was not having any type of music playing. I think if they had a DJ, it would have been great. Maybe they do on other nights, not sure. Bathrooms are so clean and pretty and check out the gorgeous rock waterfall on the wall as you are in the hallway. Great addition to downtown!
This is a pretty harsh review. The lounge is new, but I was super disappointed. Here's hoping they can get it together over the next month or so... The views from this lounge are spectacular and the atmosphere exudes class. But our server was totally ignorant--first, my mom ordered long island iced tea, and she said, "We don't have sweet tea." Thinking she misunderstood, I repeated my mom's order, but got the same answer. So then we tried ordering mojitos, but they didn't have the stuff to make them (understandable, first weekend open). Finally, I asked what drinks they did have and everything she listed was a simple vodka mixer. Bleh. So I asked for gin martinis and she replied that she'd have to see if they could make that. I was really appalled by this exchange, considering the bill for 2 basic martinis was $21. As if this weren't enough, they had one bartender and the bar was PACKED. It took forever to get our drinks and check out at the end. If I ever go back, it will be for the views and I'll probably pre-game and only order 1 drink. Then I'll leave and head somewhere else for the rest of the night (like I did the first time). Urban Tallahassee stated that Level 8 adds world class flavor to Tally, but I feel this is a bit of hubris. The place looks nice, but it's all fluff. Good interior design does not a classy lounge make.
I have to mostly agree with Shana W., but as we went a few weeks after she did, it was slightly better. (I'm rating it a 2 star, but it's more like 2.5 stars.) The bar was definitely better stocked than what she reported - still no snacks or appetizers though. The bartender was friendly, however, when we ordered a "greyhound," he had to ask what was in it (a very standard grapefruit and vodka beverage). The atmosphere was almost big city, but not quite. The lighting was up just a little too high, there were football games playing on the TVs (How about a little pretentious Fashion Channel or even some canned music vids to bring up the hip quotient? I dig my sports, but I'll go to a SPORTS bar to watch the game, right?), and the hottie bartender was wearing flats with her skimpy outfit. I'm jus' sayin', if you're shooting for a certain milieu, you gotta get the details right. But the place seems to be on an upward trajectory, so I'll definitely be going back.
I'm not a Tallahassee night life expert, but I had a good time at Level 8 while I was in town for a wedding over the weekend.  Level 8 is a rooftop lounge on top of the Hotel Duval.   The rooftop view was great, but along the balcony things start to get a little too narrow for my taste.  In some areas more than two people makes for a crowded and an uncomfortable experience.  I mainly felt bad for the servers who I watched go back and forth squeezing past people all night long.
This place was so much fun.  I was there a week ago for a few days.  Friday night I sat outside made new friends ( I was staying in the hotel so I was enjoying myself), watching the sun set.   Drinks are extremely over priced for the area,  they aren't in NYC.  But it was fun sitting on the lounges and people watching.  Friday night the dudes from American Pie Reunion were there, IDK why but they were there and at the bar trying to hide themselves from all the pretty white trashy girls and the cleaned up ghetto ones that made it in.  I didn't stay late, Just after midnight I went down to my room, it was getting rowdy up top and I had work the next morning (kind of).  Their food menu really needs help though.  I also went up there Saturday after lunch and just layed out in the sun, it was amazing!
Great bar food, excellent drinks in the Duvall Hotel.  Christina our waitress was AWESOME!  Will definitely go there again.
I went here after a wedding for a friends birthday last year and the experience was awful. The drinks are over priced and the staff was terrible.  My car was valet'd and they lost it, or so they said.  Turned out after waiting almost an hour for them to "find" where they parked it, they had really just misplaced the keys and finally found them.   So, this time I was with a friend and she had never been here. So I gave her my opinion on the place but we decided to give it a go anyways.  Basically the same experience sans the valet.  Aside from the view it offers of the city, I really don't like this place at all.
Quite a classy bar on the 8th floor of the renovated Hotel Duval. If my son ever decides to graduate from Florida State we'll stay at this hotel or across the street at aloft. Back to the bar - a beautiful view of the city on the outside deck, which was being swept by a monsoon during our visit. It looked nice, however. Nice selection of wines and beers and a surprisingly mixed crowd. Definitely a cut above the normal bars in Tallahassee, which cater to the students. Nice place to kick back and enjoy a relaxing drink, or two.
Wednesday nights free champagne til midnight! Although I did like the decor and the view from the balcony, the space isn't quite large enough for the amount of people who enjoy this place.  Lots of seating and couches, yes, but it's very difficult to walk along the row of couches, especially because it's a dead end.  Maybe that's part of the vibe they are going for, close and classy, but I personally don't like how small the bar is. There was a weird mix of people for a Wednesday night- some (very drunk) girls celebrating a birthday, some moms/cougars, older creep men, some younger creepy guys (and by creepy I mean the way they look at people), but for the most part I'd say people in their mid-late 20s.  A decent time and nice place to get away from the typical college scene in Tallahassee, but not going to go head over heels about returning.
The balcony is really relaxing. Lots of places to sit and chill. I liked the upscale decor both in the bar and outside seating area. We stayed at hotel duval and I was surprised that even with the crowds of people heading upstairs I did not hear the noise at night. Both nights had live music which I really enjoyed. Everyone looked like they were having a good time. Happy hour specials were average and I only tried the chips which were okay.
I felt like I was in an episode of Sex and the City gone wrong.
Nice, quiet, outdoor space for an after-work cocktail.  The views are lovely and the hummus is terrific.
This rooftop bar is *the* place downtown if you want to dress up, drink and whatever else you do at a "nightclub". It wasn't my scene, but I will give them love for the swank vibe, attentive staff and the killer pineapple mojitos.
(This is just based on other bar locations in Tallahassee). This place is easily a 4 star. If this was Palm Beach - a straigh thole in the wall. But this Lounge is an upgrade for Downtown and specially for Tallahassee. The hotel is beautiful alone, but the great wait staff and have decor have people streaming in Friday's after 5.
This Rooftop bar followed the theme of the rest of the Du Val Hotel as a "Long-in-the-tooth W Hotel wannabe". On the 8th floor with an outdoor area looking onto the green trees and skyline of Tallahassee....I guess if you were from Tallahassee that would be a big deal. I'm not (no offense to Tallahasseeans) and it wasn't. Level 8 did have a minimalist specialty martini menu available. The sidecar with cognac was cool....well, it was on ice anyway.
Cool bar on the 8th floor and has a balcony with heaters and couches. I liked the bar and the scenery was decent. Average age about 30
I pretty much only come for the free champagne on wednesday nights. Otherwise, I wouldn't see myself coming here very often. Creepy old men just aren't my scene. The bar itself is classy, though.
Went there on a Wednesday night for "Black Dress Night" waitresses all wore tight black skirts and it was lashes night. I had a great time! And the beer was cheap.
Wednesday night is a good excuse to get dressed up, if you don't have a grown-up job or something. Sort of a weird mixture of people but if you bring a crew and don't mind pricey drinks then it's a pretty good time.
I recommend the 5 - 8 weekday happy hour...great drinks at a reasonable price! I had the pork belly app that was a bit expensive and only average. I will definitely return!
It's fun once in awhile to get dressed up and go out dancing with girls, to get your picture taken by a professional and to be served free champagne (Wednesdays at level 8 is ladies night).  It's also a nice view of the city skyline, such as it is.  I've never been any night but Wednesday, so maybe that's my problem, but it's usually a little crowded out there on that roof, with lots of sorta iffy guys hitting on you and spilling your drink on that cute dress.
You know, it's sort of superficial but also has some very nice views of the City.  One of the bartenders is a sweet and quite gorgeous girl w/a charming personality to boot. Also, very attentive and friendly. Came in last night for Slow Gin Fizz but was talked into something else gin related.  It's an Ok spot. A little class w/a view.
