There's nothing to not like about Krewe de Gras! The staff is awesome...they are attentive and go out of their way to satisfy you. Great regulars, fun special events, excellent happy hour! There's a good selection of draft beer that's constantly being updated with new brews to try. Hands down the best watering hole in Tally!
It's a lot like Finnegan's across the street was before the Tap Room and MTFS brought all the roided out boneheads to the area. Nice and roomy, with a slightly older set than the midtown frat party. The back porch is nice. There's really nothing special about the place; it's a completely unoffensive and forgettable bar, but I suppose that's not always a bad thing.
If you are down with filth, puke, & your shoes sticking to the nasty floor then you better head right on over to this place.  If those things don't bother you, they have a reasonable selection of bee & booze.  The band was pretty good, but the general atmosphere wasn't all the great.  It's not bad and it's not great.  I'll probably go back at some point in my life if some how I'm trapped in a car and the people I'm with decide to go there.  I'll probably have a nice time, but I won't ever go to this place on purpose.
I do not understand the appeal of this very ugly bar. No food to speak of and a crab dip that is just good enough to aggravate you into wanting to eat  some real fool. Nasty dirty and loud music. And dammit every time I go, I have the best time of my life!!!
Went to this place on Mardi Gras...hmmm. It wasn't a bad set up, walking into the place we were nicely greeted by the door? men and security. Outside there were cash bars with hard liquor shots and hurricanes (two friends purchased one each 1 liked it another was disguised). Inside was different. There wasn't a DJ, just some older guy in front of some machine. The music flipped flopped. But it was clear that this wasn't a professional DJ because he couldn't keep the crowd hype. Finally the bar with girls dressed in ? (not sure I knew what their goal was but there wasn't a unified look even though everyone was wearing the same thing.) I get every woman having a different body type but as a representation of the bar everyone should look "good." Some looked like the sloppy drunks you see on Tennessee strip after 2am. The only reason I bring up their appearance is because that was an additional problem to not knowing how to make a drink. This place is considered a Mardi Gras bar but the bartenders don't know Mardi Gras drinks - on Mardi Gras? Hurricane - they used a mix Sazerac - They had no clue Mojito - it was weak KAMAKAZI - nasty Hand Grenade - They had no clue Daiquiri - nasty Over priced drinks (and they don't fill up the cups)! Even the beer was running at $3.50. I thank my company for making my night because the service behind the bar sucks. This includes the loud and rude old chick (I'm guessing 40+) that wanted to argue me over the drink prices after I told the bartender not to cheat me. Prior to midnight the bartender told me 3 Hand Grenades were going to be $10 total so I gave her my card to keep a tab open. Later ordered 3 additional Hand Grenades knowing they would cost more. Several other friends also bought Hand Grenades - 1 (male) was first charged $18, 1 (male) was charged $6 1(female) was charged $4. That really sucked when we all ordered at the same time. The issue was resolved. But there is no need to come back here again. So start rating is based on theme and decor I guess.
always a blast, great regulars. Sometimes it's slow, but even the staff is great to hang out with. I love krewe.
Krewe is one of the best bars in town! There is no smoking inside which helps attract a more upscale crowd of young professionals as well as older college/ graduate students. It is 21 up also which helps keep it fun and not trashy. The drinks are great as are the bartenders. There is live music many nights of the week and always some special event.  Great place!!
Been to most of the bars in town and keep heading back to Krewe.  Great drinks, price and bartenders.  Everyone is looking for something different but if you just want to have a beer and relax, maybe listen to some live music, this is your place...
