I was so fortunate to find Townsend and Company on Yelp in January when I desperately needed a haircut. I called for an appointment (on the basis of all these great Yelp reviews) and was pleasantly surprised to hear Jonathan, the very pleasant man who answered the phone, say that I could come in that afternoon! Nice! Katie was my stylist and I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a professional, relaxing, and satisfying salon experience. I felt like I had told other stylists in the past what I wanted done to my hair (nothing fancy, just layers to give my hair body), and Katie was the one who actually got it and cut my hair the way I wanted. The salon itself is so cute and chic. I love all the decor with its mix of modern and rustic. I had the exact same wonderful experience when I went back a few days ago to get another cut. Katie is amazing! It's sort of expensive ($50 for a cut), but honestly, it's worth every penny because you feel like a million bucks when you leave and in the months that follow. I would absolutely recommend these guys to anyone looking for a friendly, positive, and professional salon in the Capital District. I won't be going anywhere else anytime soon. :)
Katie did my hair and makeup for my wedding, and she was awesome. She was easy going, made great suggestions, and gave me exactly what I was hoping for. Definitely recommended!
I have to say my review is specific to Narmin. I had a bad experience the 1st time I went there but asked for a stylist with a more international perspective. I've lived all over the world and was scared I wouldn't be able to find a great cut in Albany. Narmin saved me! A great cut EVERY time. I was sad to leave Albany solely because I had to leave Narmin.
I've wanted to try a pixie cut for as long as I can remember but was always too chicken to go through with it. Today on a whim I decided to go call Townsend (based on the good reviews), hoping they'd have something today or tomorrow but not getting my hopes up. I spoke with the receptionist, Jonathan (who was super friendly) who said I could come down right away. Sweet! Katie cut my hair, and she was amazing. I showed her a picture and she knew exactly what I was looking for. She talked to me for a few minutes about what she was going to do to make sure we were on the same page, then got to work. Katie also took the time to show me how to style the new cut. I think she was just as excited as I was about my new hair. My biggest fear was that I would look boyish but I think it actually looks better on me than long hair! Probably the best haircut I've ever gotten. Literally the only downside of this place is that it's kind of pricey ($50 for a cut) but I think it's well worth it. I'll definitely be going back.
I really enjoyed my visit to Townsend! The front entrance/ waiting area is a little tight but everything else was great. Salon was clean and had a cool, hip but not in the try too hard way.  My stylist, Katie, was great. I've followed her there and I got a trim and color which I've gotten a lot of compliments on so far! I love it! She had a vision and knows how to cut curly hair, which I greatly appreciate! The salon has an old barber chair for waxing which is really cool. I would recommend this salon and Katie to everyone!
I may have found a favorite new salon and stylist. I have really straight, fine, and boring hair, and have been getting blah cuts for the past couple of years. I decided to step up my game and went to Townsend. I had a fantastic consultation with Katie and she proceeded to give the best haircut and blowout I've had in years. My hair just felt so much healthier, and had more bounce and the layers looked beautiful. Two months later, I'm still enjoying my cut. Thanks Katie!
Thank you again yelpers! I really don't think I'm going anywhere ever again without first yelping it, because so far, yelpers have not steered me wrong. Based on the yelps, I decided to spend a little more on my haircut and try out Townsend and Company. I called Thursday for an appointment Saturday, and I was able to get one. yay! :) In fact, it was with Doug. I was so thrilled. When I walked in, I was immediately greeted by a friendly receptionist who took my information and graciously got me a glass of water. (I was super thirsty when I got there, because I had been running errands all morning.) Then Doug came out to get me and took me back for a consult. He was super friendly and not pretentious in the least little bit. He answered my questions knowledgeably and made recommendations based on the issues I expressed to him. He instilled confidence in me right away, because he was obviously truly listening (unlike others who have ruined my haircuts in the past), and he obviously knows what looks good and doesn't on different faces. I went in for a big change. After years of not wearing bangs, I wanted a heavy bang like what Tyra Banks is sporting these days. I wasn't sure if I could pull it off, because she has a giant forehead and is Tyra Banks. I have a short forehead and am not. lol. He rolled and pinned my hair to simulate the bangs so that I could see how they would look. I liked it, so we went for it. The rest of my hair, he did a fantastic job on as well. I have not been this pleased with a haircut in years! I will definitely be going back for future cuts. The salon atmosphere was nice. It wasn't too noisy nor was it too quiet. The staff were all very welcoming and friendly. It's funny, because when I asked a friend if she knew of the salon before I went, she told me she had her hair done there before but that the place was just "too gay." I was expecting some kind of rave salon with fun music and a lot of "Giiiirlllll!!!!" talk. That was so not the case even in the slightest. Not that I wouldn't have welcomed a rave going on around me while getting my haircut, because I'm always up for some Lady Gaga and listening to gay guys banter. Townsend and Company is definitely not that though. It was actually very relaxing and comfortable and nice. I was also pleasantly surprised to learn that they are a Bumble and Bumble salon. :)  Bumble and Bumble are my favorite hair care products. While I still have my cosmetology license from when I was doing hair, there is no beauty supply store that Bumble and Bumble can be purchased at. It can only be purchased through Bumble and Bumble salons (no other salons either). I wanted to buy the whole darn wall of products, but I managed to exercise some self control and leave with just some stuff for texture and shaping my curls. I wish I could post a picture for you here. I am very very happy with how it turned out. My haircut was $50 and worth every penny.  If you want to like your haircut, I strongly recommend checking the place out. You will be glad you did.
Prologue: I'm a pretty low-maintenance woman when it comes to my hair and makeup. I like wash n' wear hairstyles. I don't own a straightening iron or a curling iron, and I use my hair dryer about four times a year.  My daily beauty routine is pretty simple and quick. Needless to say, I'm no hair snob. For years, I either had my roommate cut my hair or I (stupidly) chopped at it myself. Or else I'd look for whatever's cheapest. But I've grown up and moved into the professional world and decided that crooked hair isn't so charming anymore. I've been searching for a good stylist/hair salon, and so far, my search has come up empty - until yesterday. Review: On the recommendation of my mother, stepfather, brother and boyfriend, I made an appointment here. Wow. Townsend has a great atmosphere. It's friendly and clean, with brightly painted walls and fabulous customer service. They'll offer you drinks, and they do a wide range of services other than just hair. I've always wanted a stylist to help me figure out what will actually look good on me, and Townsend's Betsey did just that. The salon also uses really nice products. Yesterday was also the grand opening of their new esthetics studio, so if you're in the need for facials, hot stone massages, hair waxing and other services, you can do that here too. Oh and manis, pedis, etc. It was a little pricier than I'm used to at $40 for my cut, but I love it and I felt good afterward. This might be the first time I haven't totally stressed out after getting a hair cut.
I first moved here 3 years ago to go to school and for my first two years here I thought I would have to travel to NYC just to get a hair cut. I went to Jean Paul first and after they cut my bangs with out telling me, I looked again for a hair salon and thought I would try this place out. My stylist, Linden, gave me the BEST hair cut I have ever had in my life. It just complimented my face so well.   There are several reasons why this salon stands alone in Albany: 1) They are cuurent in their hair cutting techniques so the hair cuts don't seem dated or tacky; 2) The stylist picks a hair cut that will best fit your face. I mean they actually study your face and do not just throw any random hair cut on you; and 3) They listen to what you want while telling if you if it will work or not and they will work with you to make you happy. Loves it!
Thank you yelp!  I was looking for a new salon and thankfully I found Townsend and Company on yelp.  I figured since it had so many positive reviews I should give it a try.  I should also note I am very picky and get extremely nervous when it comes to getting my hair cut!  I called up on a Friday afternoon and got an appointment for the following Wednesday with Liza.  It appears it is fairly easy to get an appointment here, the receptionist I spoke with made them appear very flexible and he was very nice! It is located on the corner of Madison and Swan, kind of hidden, but not too hard to find.  You will need to park on the street so plan accordingly as parking can be somewhat difficult in this area.  I was greeted by Liza and taken up to her station.  She did a really great consultation with me, asking what I was looking for and how I styled my hair, etc.  I got a really great cut from Liza and she really listened to me.  I really wanted to keep my length and she did this while taking off the dead ends.  A lot of hair stylists just chop of 5 unnecessary inches, but she only took off two and my ends were perfect.   The cut was $50 which I thought was a fair price in the Albany area for a high end salon, maybe a tiny bit on the high end, but I thought worth it.  It was a really relaxed atmosphere where I didn't feel rushed.  Liza was very talented and I could tell she loves what she is doing.  I really liked the cut she gave me.  She even gave me suggestions to think about for the next time I come back.  She was very friendly throughout the entire appointment and I will definitely be back to see her again!   As a side note they use Aveda and Bumble and Bumble products.
I tend to go several months between hair cuts.  About twice a year I can't stand it anymore and get my hair cut.  I usually head out to the mall to get it done (cheap).  As a treat to myself, I decided to try Townsend. My stylist was Christopher, and he did an amazing job with my hair.  He gave me a low maintenance style that still looks good a month later.  It cost $45, after years of under $20 haircuts, this was steep, but worth it. Staff was friendly and curtious, the salon was clean and well-lit.
I've been getting my hair cut at Townsend for about 4 years now and I don't know why I never reviewed the salon.  Maybe I want to keep it a secret so appointments are easier to get! The salon is in an old brownstone, beautifully restored and decorated with enough funkiness to not make it stuffy. I've got thin, fine, limp, dull, awful hair and a bad cut can be disastrous. However, Betsy does an incredible job and never lets me leave without my hair looking great.  I wear my hair pretty short and if you screw it up there's no saving it (unless I want it shaved off). She does a great job and makes me feel really comfortable.
I am a hair stylist skeptic. My super thin and fine hair has been butchered one too many times in my 24 years of existence. In addition, while visiting my boyfriend's family in California last year, I went and had my hair cut and colored by the family stylist in LA, who is hands down the most amazing stylist I've ever seen before. He also told me what to look out for, so I was nervous to let anyone else touch my hair. But finally after not having my hair cut in almost a year, and reading all the reviews here, I decided to give Townsend a try. I called on a Tuesday afternoon and was given an appointment for Thursday evening. The guy I spoke with seemed nice, set me up with Liza and I was really excited about my appointment. When I arrived, the salon was busy, not overcrowded, just busy. The guy at the front desk was speaking to a client and a stylist and didn't acknowledge me for a couple minutes, which was a little awkward. When I was, I was told to sit and wait and fill out a client intake sheet. I didn't really feel welcomed. Even the salon owner came by and barely acknowledged my existence. However, things looked up when my stylist Liza introduced herself to me. She took me upstairs to her chair and I explained my hair situation and brought my laptop so I could show her photos of what I was looking for. She was really easy to talk to and completely understood what I wanted. So we chatted as she cut and she would ask me for input over the course of the cutting, which is really nice and soon enough I ended up with a really nice cut that I really enjoy. She styled it perfectly as well. Liza is really sweet and talented and took the time to carefully cut my hair and make sure I was happy. I would recommend her to others. Bottom line is that you might not feel completely welcome when you get there but if you see Liza, she will make you and your hair happy. I think I even got the ladies in my office interested in going there as well.
Started going here on recommendation from my sister...now all three of my sisters, my mom, my aunt, AND our friends go! I never liked my hair until I started going to Townsend. Despite having remarkably different hair from my sisters, our stylist, Christopher, has shown me time and time again how to style my hair on my own in ways that have me walking out the door with an extra bounce in my step. Even though I moved to the Washington, D.C. area two years ago I continue to see Christopher, and Christopher only! It's worth the flight to Albany! The staff is courteous and educated, and really treats every client as an individual. I am in love with this place! Oh, and if you ever get the time - be sure to go visit Vanessa! She has some great facials and she's so talented - it's a steal in comparison with any spa!
I've been going to Eileen for 15 years shes is the greatest stylist ever. From cut to color to updo's everything has always been fabulous. I have very fine hair that really doesn't do much than just lay there. I always have over ambitious ideas about how I want my hair but Eileen is great at letting me know if a style will be able to work for me or not. Once years ago I asked her to cut my hair short and was a little unprepared for the results. She was really helpful and took lots of extra time teaching me how to style the new cut. I've moved to California but still try to squeeze in appointments whenever I'm home to visit. I've yet to find someone who can do my hair as well as she can. My mom has also been getting her hair at Townsend's by Doug since before I was born. I would recommend this salon to anyone!
I wrote a review previously, but wanted to update since I had another great haircut here with a different stylist. This time I saw Narmin.  She did a full consult with me and suggested different ideas for what turned out to be a great haircut.   I love not having to walk out of the salon wishing I had brought a hat to hide the proof of a bad cut (this has happened too many times in my life to count) and I walked out loving it.  What's better is that the cut is growing in really nicely. Townsend really is one of the best salons in Albany and now I can recommend another  stylist...Narmin Esfahani-Smith.
Agree completely with all the other good reviews, had the best hair cut of my life at this salon, as well as nice color and foils, pricey but totally worth it.
I follow my favorite stylist Katie wherever she goes, and I was super excited when I walked into Townsend for the first time. It's in a lovely old building downtown, and the vibe is hip but very calm and friendly. As usual, I put my trust (and hair) in her expert hands and was so, so happy with the result! Katie is simply the best at what she does. She takes a lot of time to look at your hair and face shape and really listens to what you want. End result? Perfect hair that is easy to take care of and grows out really nicely. She will never give you a weird haircut that only looks good the day you step out of the salon. I've been going to her for as long as I can remember and I always get compliments. I recommend this place to anyone in the Capital District (and beyond) -- I used to take the train up from New York just to get my haircuts!
I went to Narmine today in hopes of her fixing my color. It was very light and brassy. I wanted to go slightly darker and she gave me exactly what I wanted.  Not only did she do a great job with the color she also gave me a much needed hair cut.  I am so thankful to have found her and Townsend and Company on yelp.com
I don't write a lot of reviews, but I had to get online and write about my experience at Townsend today. I could not be more pleased! I had been hearing great things about Townsend and Company but hadn't had reason to "make the switch" from the place I was going until now. I was very open to change with my length and color, and felt I could trust the stylist to do what was best for my hair, age, face shape, maintenance manageability, etc. So when I called for the appointment, I told Anna that I was happy to have whichever stylist could fit me in on my tight schedule. (Anna was so pleasant as well!! Most receptionists can be pretentious and she was very warm and real.) Well, I will be going back to see Narmin again! She not only gave me a fantastic new haircut and probably the most beautiful color I've ever had (not easy to give subtle highlights on brown hair), but a fabulous shampoo and head massage. (Even the dedicated shampoo-ists at the other high-end salon I had been going to rarely took the time to provide this relaxing and careful treatment.) Narmin was so pleasant and attentive, and from the moment I met her I felt confident of her ability. She really took care to determine which color to make my base and highlights, and was so precise with the placement of the highlights as well. I have very wavy/lightly curly hair that I like to blow straight, and she knew exactly how to cut and style it. Townsend and Company is not as convenient for me as the salon I had been going to and the parking situation is not ideal (though on weekends seems pretty easy), but the overall experience and quality of the service provided has made me a convert and will keep me coming back to Narmin! Thank you, Narmin!! (And thank you, Anna for setting me up with her!) See you soon!!
I have never felt so pampered during a haircut before, Townsend & Co's experience was a first. I have really curly and unruly hair, but this salon knew what it was dealing with. Since the weather was nice, I decided to walk there. Not having walked there before, I was a little late but the staff was very nice about it and didn't seem to be irritated. I still apologized because I felt bad, since Doug, the owner himself, was cutting my hair. We did the consultation bit where I complained about how much time I spend on my hair, he recommended a couple of treatments but didn't seem pushy about them so I didn't feel pressured. Doug also gave me a verbal agenda of how he planned on cutting my hair so I knew what to expect. He was also friendly and personable. Haircuts can be long an awkward sometimes due to excessive silence, but it helps to have a hairstylist with a personality who can eliminate boredom from the experience. Since I was late, Doug had to hand me over to Kat for hair straightening. Once Doug was done with his appointment, he came over to Kat's chair to execute the finishing touches and viola! There was my hair, soft and style, without too much product. Lots of hair salons would've gunked piles of product on there to mold it into shape, but not this salon! Everything was really clean, the tools, the towels and the equipment. I'm a total stickler for cleanliness and I have been to salons where I've cringed and bit my tongue, but this is certainly not one of them. When I had initially made the appointment, I was a bit skeptical since I had never had a man cut my hair. I always assumed that I needed a haircut from someone who has the same type and length of hair, but my assumptions were proven wrong. I give this place an A++ and more visits!
My Boyfriend went here recently because of all the positive reviews and the last place he went screwed his hair up bad. He has had the same hairstyle for a long time and was looking for a change. He had Eileen which was extremely polite and friendly. He told her that he was looking for something new and to venture away from his normal style. She listened for a while during the beginning and had a result ready to go. He took the chance and trusted her, And boy did she not disappoint He looks amazing and more importantly this is the first place he came out of smiling with 100% confidence oozing from him. He will certainly return here regularly seeing as everyone loves his new hair and I'm considering getting mine done here also.
Here is what I was looking for in a salon: -friendly, non-snobby -a stylist that listens to what I want and can give suggestions -comfortable setting -value I found all this and more at Townsend.  I have had pretty much the same cut for a long time.  My hair is fine and goes flat super quickly.  I decided to take a risk and go to a new stylist and get a new cut and highlight.  I went to Betsy.  She listened to what I wanted and what my issues were with my current cut.  She asked about what I expected in my highlight and if I had a preferred method.  She gave me exactly what I asked for wonderful 1-step up from natural highlight.  I got compliments from everyone the next time I saw them.  I can honestly say it is the best I have gotten.  It looks natural, fun and doesn't wash me out.  Goes perfectly with my natural hair color.  She also gave me a great cut that works with my hair type.  It is easy to style and doesn't fall flat.  I am no longer tempted to pull my hair back before I get to lunch time. I feel like I got my money's worth and more.  I did not leave the salon feeling ripped off.  Instead, I left with a bounce in my step (and hair) and a confident smile.  Just what I needed!
Selected Townsend based on Yelp reviews to get my first hair cut and color in 8 months during a quick visit to Albany.  I was able to book an appointment within 3 days.  Betsy did my cut and color and squeezed me in for a brow wax even though I had not requested this when I booked my appointment.  I was very pleased with the reception and Betsy was terrific.  Most importantly, I love the cut and especially the color!  She took her time with the foils and color matching and treated me like a long-time client.  The prices, while more expensive than many places in the area, are totally worth it - the experience and service were first class.
My boyfriend desperately needed a haircut and yelp gave this place such great reviews so we called up and got an appointment. Being students, he opted for the cheaper men's haircut option - junior/graduate level for $20. He had Natasha and she was great!! He has bushy curly hair and she took her time, everything was even and exactly what he wanted. I highly recommend her! While I was waiting for him, I had the chance to inquire about their keratin treatment and they day me gotten for a quick consultation. Loved the place! Will be going back soon for my own hair.
I was in Albany and in desperate need of a haircut.  Found Townsend thanks to Yelp and was thrilled with the experience. While Townsend is small, it has a lot of flavor, and I admit I thought it was pretty neat to be getting a haircut in what must at one time have been somebody's bedroom.  While I was going for a relatively simple cut and blow-dry, the woman next to me was getting a more sophisticated hair style done and I thought the work looked great.  My own stylist was friendly,  and, more importantly, very aware of how much hair she was actually cutting from my head and continually checking in with me... too many times I've felt like I told a stylist X and got Y, but she seemed to be very on the ball.   And the best part?  I paid half of what I'd pay at home for a superb experience.  I gave an extra large tip!
Love love love love love. Christopher was great. All of the people that work there are super nice. I absolutely HATE when receptionists are snobby and act like just because I'm 20 I am not a real customer. The people at Townsend are not like that at all. My sister and I went there after reading the reviews here on yelp. We were not disappointed. Within seconds of walking in, our coats were hung up and we were offered a choice of beverages. Christopher definitely knew what he was doing and was a ton of fun to talk to. After years of spending $45 on mediocre haircuts and crappy service at places like Jean Paul, I am so happy to have found this place.  I will never go anywhere besides Townsend & Company.
I booked a highlight and cut on a whim. I loved my stylist, Liza. She took her time and made sure I was comfortable, and gave me a great cut/highlights. I would highly recommend!
I'm exceptionally happy with the cut I got from Betsy at Townsend and Company.   I'm a guy who has some problematic hair, and she handled it like  pro, giving me an absolutely outstanding cut .  Additional bonus:  the staff was incredibly attentive and easy to deal with.  While I live in Boston, I'll happily stop by Townsend to get a cut from Betsy the next time I'm in Albany - she's just that good.  As far as price?  Worth every penny.
Just went to this salon for the first time and they were awesome! I went in for a color correction and they knew exactly what to do and my hair went from black back to blonde with ease. Liza is highly recommended!
I chose Townsend & Co as my Aveda salon after reading reviews on Yelp for all the Aveda salons within an hour of my home.  Wise decision!  Service is attentive from start to finish.  The receptionist greeted me on the phone with warmth that is sincere and asked me questions about my hair concerns.  He suggested that Liza would be the best fit for what I need.  The atmosphere in the salon is relaxing and plush, and I loved the decor (fabrics, paint colors, even the amount of sunlight).  I've been back three times for hair cuts and color (single process on gray roots and partial highlights on my dark brunette base).  Every time I come, I show Liza photos of the hair cut I like and others of the color I am aiming for.  She follows my instructions to the letter, and also answers my questions about hair care (how much should I spend on a hair dryer?  what is the difference between a $5 and a $35 bottle of shampoo?).  She is a smart, sensible, young woman, who listens with empathy.  The culture of the salon encourages personal attention and I notice that other customers seem equally pleased with their stylists.  Liza knows well that my visits are a "splurge" item in my tight budget and she has never once pressured me to purchase product!  I appreciate that a lot as it is rare in Aveda salons... maybe the stylists are supposed to do this to build revenues but the fact that I only had to tell Liza once about my budget and she remembers makes me a very loyal patron. Parking - I never have a problem getting a spot on Madison, but that's because I am good at parallel parking and come on weekdays.  Bring quarters in case you need to use the nearby metered spaces.
I had my hair done last week by Keinen (sp?), he was the nicest guy but he did not know how to do hair.  Let me preferece that I am NOT picky about my hair, I have never cried or been totally devestated after a haircut/color.  I live in NYC but was up in the Albany area visiting my family.  I needed my hair highlighted despretly and I had free babysitting so I called Townsend based on the great reviews on yelp.   I have never had a worse hair experience ever and I used to let my girlfriends color my hair in college (yikes)!  Keinen had apparently just moved to the Albany area from San Diego where from what I gathered he was an assistant in a hair salon, doing mostly shampoos for the stylists.  As nice of a guy as Keinen was, the man has NO business foiling or touching a pair of scissors.   I told him I wanted really natural looking, ashy blonde highlights... what I always get at salons in the city.  He did some weird foil technique on my hair that started from the bottom and went up diagonally.  I was watching the other stylists and they were all doing it the "normal" way.  When I asked him about it, he said this is the way everyone is foiling now and that he learned the technique from Mr. Redkin????  Speaking of the other stylists, the entire time that Keinen was doing my hair they were all shooting him looks like he had no business being there doing anyones hair.  All of the foils were slipping and I mentioned it to Keinen and he said that it was fine.  Well it wasn't, my hair looks AWEfUL!  I have orange stripes across my hair as you can see from the pictures.  And because of the technique that he used my roots at my part are worse then before I went in.  There are blocks of orange an inch from the root base.     After the foil debacle, he starts cutting.  Ugh.  I could tell he was a nervous wreck at this point after what he did to my color so he was shaking like a leaf.  Just what you want in a stylist right?  I told him to not take off too much, that I wanted a trim that was a little shorter in the back and got longer towards the front.  He could not get my hair even and only because I pointed it out to him even though it was so blatantly obvious.  So he just kept cutting it shorter and shorter and shorter to try to even it out.   And not to mention it is just straight all the way around with no graduation whatsoever.  I started off with hair that was at least shoulder length and now I have chin length hair. I wouldn't mind if my color looked even decent but it looks like Sugar Honey Ice Tea!!!! Additionally on top of all of this, Keinen didn't have his own chair and I was asked to move at least 6 times.  And none of stylists were nice about it.  Like they were annoyed that he was even using their chair.  It made me feel very uncomfortable!   At the end of the experience I could tell he felt really bad for screwing my hair up so badly.  He wanted to give me a discount but I told him that I was sorry but I couldn't bring myself to pay him for this.  He said he understood but asked me to at least pay $25 for the haircut.  I felt so uncomfortable that I did and just ran out of there.   I wish I hadn't.  I feel as if the salon owes ME money, at least enough money to fix this mess. DO NOT GO HERE!!!!! Wow, after writing this review I went to the salons webpage and saw pictures of some of the stylists.   The owner of this salon Douglas Townsend was doing hair in the chair right next to mine and did not step in when he saw this all going down.   Jaw is on the floor!   Do yourself a favor and go to supercuts, they will probably do a much better job.
Just moved here from Chicago and had to find a new hairdresser. The salon is fine and I really liked the hairdresser, but she gave me such a bad haircut that she didn't even charge me for it.
This place gave me a horrible hair cut AND let me leave with hair all down my neck. I paid $50.00 for something my mom could have done better.
First let me start by saying I am VERY picky when it comes to my hair!  I've had many bad experiences at salons so when I come to a new one I'm always paranoid.  I was searching yelp for a good reviewed salon and I found this.  My normal hair dresser was going to be out of town for my prom so I figured I'd try this place out because of all the great reviews. I scheduled an appointment with Narmine.   I got there 10 minutes late because of the traffic and tulip fest and met with Narmine.  She understood why I was late and even let me use the secretary's computer to pull up a picture of how I wanted my hair.  She knew right away what to do as soon as she saw the picture.  EVERYONE complimented me on my hair, it was exactly how I wanted it to be.  I put two pictures up of my hair on the photos page for this salon.  I wish I knew how to do it directly with this review.  I knew that I found my new salon after this.  I come here now to get hair cuts and color done.  Narmine is fantastic and my mom loves her also!  Everyone in the salon seems great and their all so friendly, but Narmine is my favorite.  What I love the most is that it's not awkward sitting in the chair with her, she's so friendly and knows her stuff!
This salon is well-kept and staff are friendly.  Betsy does a fantastic job.  This is the FIRST salon in the Albany-area that I've been satisfied with (and I'm really not that picky).  The only downside is that they are a bit pricey.
I found this salon through these reviews. I have tried a few other salons in Albany since moving here and this is by far my favorite! I worked with Narmin who was wonderful! I really appreciated her attention to detail and she helped me decide what look would be best for me. She was extremely friendly and I left the salon completely happy with my hair! Will definitely be going back!
