This is by far my favorite bar in town. You will find a friendly alternative and intellectual crowd here. The retro tiki atmosphere is fun. I highly recommend this place, especially if you can catch them on jazz night or on science night. The bartenders are all super nice and can make some darn good drinks. The space port in the back is also lots of fun.-- Make sure you check out the movie theatre in the back. Whenever someone come in town to visit I always take them here. The drinks are great and the food is stellar. I would recommend all of the food items I have tried here. Definitely one of Tallahassee's best gems. You will be missing out if you don't stop by.
Went in and had a single beer. The owner over-charged me by 25 cents, which was not a big deal. When I mentioned it to him, however, he shrugged and said, "Thanks for letting me know," and then walked away. Poor service and even worse attitude. Something seemingly so trivial has now turned into a problem which pushed me to leave this review. Also makes me wonder how many other people he's "accidentally" done that to. You've lost my business for good. Maybe the owner needs that quarter more than I do.
Waterworks is a very cute little dive bar. They went all out on their tiki theming and the frozen drinks were delicious-and quite strong. We were looking for a spot to go graduation weekend that wouldn't be mobbed and this perfectly fit the bill. I've also heard that they do very cool events during the week which are more than worth going to, though I didn't get the chance to try one out firsthand. That said, I can't recommend enough taking this for the bar it is and coming here ONLY for drinks. Our group of 8 was somehow fooled by the grease stain covered paper menu into thinking that this was an establishment that actually wanted to serve food, and we came to regret that decision. After some bumps in the ordering process ( they didn't have enough chicken for the number of sandwiches we ordered--clearly they aren't used to people actually taking them up on that whole "serving food" thing) we placed our order and received our food in a decent amount of time. It wasn't horrible, but it also wasn't great. The mashed potatoes and chicken on the chicken Marsala sandwich were so tasteless it was actually impressive and from what I could tell the other menu items my group ordered followed suit. I think the biggest winner of the night was the pizza, which was still nothing to write home about. Again, though, I don't think most people view Waterworks as a place to go for food, and as a bar it's a great little hole in the wall that fully deserves the 4 star rating. Just learn from our mistakes and eat at any of the many other wonderful restaurants in Tallahassee before you get there!
Oddly themed Tiki Bar that seemed to have a wide variety of folks from young to old, hipster to trendy and college students to professional types... Drinks were kind of weak but cheap PBR bottles.  I tried this marsala sandwich that had marsala chicken, mashed potatoes and mushrooms all in a hero/hoagie type roll.  Have to admit I was pleasantly surprised.  My wife ordered a pizza, which was also pretty good.  Would I recommend this place to friends...I guess if they were looking for a dive bar that's dark inside.  I have to believe though that there are other dive bars around here where the bartender isn't so timid with his pour...
This bar is fun and has a good mix of locals and students. Prices are fair and the drinks are good. The atmosphere is sort of a funky tiki-bar, and reminds me a little of Burts Tiki Lounge in Albuquerque.
Great bar for young professionals and grad students. Pros: Fun themed nights. Delicious food. Cons: weak drinks, they're very strict on pour measurements. I really wanted to write this review on the cast of characters that work here. The owner is a nice guy, but takes a while to warm up to you. He's a little shy for someone who owns such an eccentric bar -- shy or just doesn't care to be friendly to most the patrons. Redhead: there's a beautiful redhead behind the bar on most nights. She's fun and usually wearing a smile. Guy bartender: I don't know his name but I hate when he takes my order. Never happy. Never wanting to start conversation. And pours the weakest drinks. Really he's the main reason I can't give this place five stars. If I'm sitting at the bar, and you aren't packed or too busy, I appreciate the bar tender asking how my night's going...or at least respond with more than "fine" when I have the courtesy to ask how his night's going.
I was visiting Tallahassee last weekend and heard of Waterworks by word of mouth. It was described to me as "cheesy island themed." Yes! I definitely had to check it out then. Walking in, you immediately get your ID checked by the door guy, wearing big hipster 80's eyeglasses. Good. That means there won't be many crazy underage kids at this bar. It is very dimly lit, with different lights decorated around making it seem as though it was a tropical island, and not Tally. The menus at the table could use a little work because the laminate was peeling. But I guess it gives the bar character. When we sat ourselves down at the bar, two servers approached and took down our orders. The drink prices were a bit steep to be having a couple, but its okay. Once we got our drinks and had a sip, they were wonderful. Strong enough to be able to taste it but still yummy. I had a good time and it seemed to have an eclectic crowd too... anyone who is in their 50's, to the 20's. I like it!
Pros- Drinks taste good (see cons...). After 20 minutes of sitting at one of the tables, someone finally came to take my order! Cons- Sandwiches were awful, drinks were weak and expensive, the hipsters do not take kindly to outsiders, couldn't hear anything over the sound system, the bartenders were not friendly (maybe because I didn't fit in?), dirty venue, not enough lighting, boring decor. Summary- I will never be going back.
This bar makes me wish I lived in Tallahassee. Classic tiki bar decor combined with funky music on the night I was there, and their Facebook feed keeps advertising fun themed nights and Science Salons that I'm kicking myself to have to miss.
This place is growing on me. At first I was a bit turned off by the atmosphere: dark, water running down the windows giving the illusion of rain, and the tiki setting. It just bummed me out. The more I go, the more I like it. I love the seating, perfect for a small group of friends to hang out in a booth and chat. Really great drinks--I tried an Old Fashioned there for the first time (Don Draper fan-girl) and never looked back. I will admit, the service there can be quite spotty. Some nights, it's impeccable, other nights you might as well shoot off a flare gun to get someone's attention just to close out a tab. They may want to consider bumping 90's Indie Rock Night (Sunday) to maybe a Friday or Saturday night, and then I can tack on 2 other stars.
So it's not like, "Holy CRAP they serve the most amazing drinks here!" but more like a "I REALLY like this place". Waterworks is a Tiki bar with a pleasantly varied clientèle (young, old, hip, not, etc.) that's a nice departure from the rubber stamped "party" crowd at the bars that are populated by the...um, how do I say it nicely?...errrrr, well, you get the idea. Needless to say, whatever demographic you fall in to, you'll probably find the place comfortable (even if you're one to drive a BMW and "pop" your collar). The music does occasionally get too loud for conversation and that's the only reason why it doesn't rate a Five Star for me.
This is a great place. The specialty drinks are delicious and they have a decent beer selection. A far a atmosphere goes, it's easily my favorite in town. It's dark and cozy, with good music played at an appropriate volume level. If you're looking for top 40 stuff you won't find it here, but the DJs keep the music appropriate for a lively social atmosphere. It's typically patronized by the late 20s set, and the average age gets lower as the night goes on. Overall a fantastic place for a night out with friends or to wind down a date with someone cool.
Now before I get started, know that this bar's been a regular for my friends and me since I moved here in summer 2010. But a few months ago I started playing here with my band (The Ned Devines, second Friday of every month!) - so I'm only slightly biased. Usually some good beers on tap and strong cocktails. Love the old tiki bar atmosphere, also the Spaceport out back is fun (although only open Fridays, Saturdays, and now Wednesdays - I think). If you're eating, you MUST try the Capri. Fried eggplant on french bread with fixins and amazing dipping sauce. I don't like eggplant because of the texture, but the eggplant on this sandwich is sliced super thin so you get just enough flavor without any weirdness. I order this pretty much every time.
Weekends are fun.  Not too annoyingly crowded, yet pleasantly lively.  Easy parking, quick service, friendly people, yummy drinks.  (I adore the Key Lime Pie cocktail!) Music... eh.  I've been on two Fridays (supposed "indie night") and heard everything from Baby Got Back to fist-pumping dance music straight outta Jersey Shore--but nary an indie tune. Weekdays are a little more boring, as you might expect.  They switch to table service, but I found it really slow... and it only ups the bore-factor if you're in a festive mood.  Might make for a romantic date, though! Overall: cute, fun, yummy. :]
Best watering hole in tallahasse with tiki bar theme. love the plastic animals in the drinks! lots of fun, silly, potent drinks here. Some come in funky tiki cups. great indie rock blasting, hipsters dancing (hello filmschool! miss you!), people packed in the little booths smoking cigarettes...i celebrated all my birthdays here and its where i first kissed my boyfriend (that i now live with) two and a half years ago. Also not everyone knows they serve food and it's good! Loved the Capri sandwich- fried eggplant, goat cheese spinach, sundried tomatoes! The owner started up a wonderful cheese shop on thomasville a block after the miracle theater that also serves all these great paninis and the waterworks gourmet sandwiches. I havnent been in tally for a while so i hope that place is thriving.
Yummy drinks, cool people, awesome interior design. The mixed drinks are soo good, a little bit on the higher side if you're getting the cocktails but they're worth it (and nowhere near the price of a Miami drink)! They even give you your cocktail in the coolest cups. I recommend the White Russian. It tastes like a milk shake. A milkshake that'll get you drunk of course!
They have some good cocktail options and very good food. The cocktails are surprisingly good for the price. Both bartenders are great, I had the opportunity to talk with them for a bit on a slow night. They measure out the booze of each drink, so it may not be as strong as some would like but it creates a consistent product. They have a decent beer selection too. The atmosphere is unique. It's laid back with a tiki themed decor. I see the owner/manager there helping out every time I go. Service can be slow if it gets crowded, but that's everywhere. This place is definitely worth a look if you're into an alternative bar scene.
This is 100% a hipster bar. I hated it for a while, but it's grown on me a lot. It's dark inside, the patrons are not very nice if you don't fit the "scene," the doormen are always reading books under a little light and are usually pretty good. Have always had terrific service from the waitresses. Bartenders can be snippy, but are attentive, and the owner stalks around in a suit all night- but all in all it's nice as a place to escape the midtown college crowd. Drinks are good, good beer selection, can't speak for the specialty drinks. except for one has a cool plastic fish. I find that it's very much a "mind your own business" place. People tend to come here to have drinks with their friends, not to mingle. The roller derby girls come here a lot, too. The Space lounge around back is alright. They have a Mini-theatre that plays old, funky films and the food is actually good. Go if you're with good friends and like midtown but hate how busy the places down the street get.
This is my favorite night spot in Tallahassee. The specialty drinks are FANTASTIC and the retro tiki bar decor is so fun. They always play great music and have good food. :) You should also check out their bar in the back, Spaceport. It's everything you love about cheezy vintage scifi films with it's own viewing room!
I really enjoyed coming here. I went out for a girls night and had a fabulous time. They have some great mixed drinks here. I am in love with their key lime pie drink! Tastes just like the dessert, but in a glass. I also tried a creamsicle, which was fine, but not for me as much. I also loved the Yellowbird that my friend had. I personally do not like to taste the alcohol I'm drinking (unless it's wine), so most of the drinks there are perfect for me! But don't think they don't give you a good amount of liquor, because they do. The theme is tiki and drinks often come in some fun glasses. There's also some adorable plastic animals that spear the fruit. I had to keep the little monkey hanging on my glass! The bartenders were friendly and happy to keep a running tab for each of us. We also ordered falafel at one point when we had the munchies, and it was the best falafel plate I've ever had! Seriously, try the falafel! Overall, I would love to go back. It was a great night.
The best mixed drinks for us ladies that love some sweet mixed drinks.  Plus, they come in adorable Tikki themed glasses with little fruits and umbrellas.  They have a photo menu that clearly describes each drink as well with prices clearly noted.   The vibe here is great and there are tons of scenesters.  So you can see all of the latest fashions and watch them do the scenester dance at 80's night. The food is good!  Alright, someone did mention the Capri sandwich...but, it is so good!  Fries are great too and the hummus. I miss this place!
Waterworks is probably as good as it gets in Tallahassee. Seriously? Yes, very. I've been a few times on various trips to the city and I always think favorably of Waterworks. The staff is friendly. There is a chance of a live show, and the drinks are fantastic. There is also water on the windows, which always makes you feel that it is raining outside. Well, it might be raining, given that you are in Florida. Anyways.... I don't think I have had food here but had a drink each time I came by. The totem pole drink thingies are a but pricey but they taste great. Their wine collection is something to be desired. Last time we had an option of white or red. What type? What do you mean what type? White or Red -- choose one!
Cool spot to hang out and grab some drinks with friends.  They have very nice and reasonable priced drinks and cocktails.  There is also a bar in the back called SpacePort of something, which is of a different decor and can possibly change the vibe if you think you're spending too much time in the tikki-themed front of Waterworks.  They also have a variety of events and specials throughout the week. Great place to enjoy a couple of drinks without breaking the bank,
Finally made it to Waterworks this past Friday, and glad I did. The interior wasn't quite as fabulous as I had hoped, but they hit the right points with everything else. Best Mai Tai (other than my own) I've ever had at a bar--and that includes Trader Vic's. Their Zombie was also fantastic. The food was also very good--they have a nice mix of appetizers, sandwiches and entrees. I can definitely recommend the meatball sub. We will definitely be going back.
Have you ever wanted to be in a bar that felt like the movie Good Fellas? Well Waterworks is your place to go. Pros: Good tasteful music One nice bartender Cons Too many. Honestly, I would suggest just moving out of the city of Tallahassee altogether.
I've always liked the place but the owner has really raised his game.  The bartenders know their stuff, the food is surprisingly good, and the place has really been spiffed up.  Great tiki decor, sans the 2-inch layer of cobwebs that used to blanket the place.  The drinks are great, good ingredients and suitably potent.  If you think they're watered down you're either an idiot or a problem drunk.  It's everything I like about Fermentation but a notch better.  If you haven't been for awhile it's time to go back.
Tastes like they water down the booze. Dead serious.
Walked in once.  Oops.  One of those hipster places where I usually get that "what the f*ck is that doing here" look.  (Which I also get at redneck places, so don't feel too bad for me, I'm an equal opportunity offensive presence.)  Sorry if my lack of facial piercings, cheesy tattoos and thick, black, plastic-framed glasses offended the clientele.  But really, they were all way lamer than I could ever be and not so hip as they think they are.  Still, the place looked nice so I'll be generous and give it a.... (ding, ding, ding, ding, ding)... THREE!  Maybe I'll come back sometime if I'm ever hanging out with a bunch of people who listen to anti-folk.  Then again, that probably won't be happening.
I don't know what people find interesting about this place.  They are open for lunch and lunch sucks bar none.  Awful.  Service is not serious.  The inside is peeyou awful. I guess folks go there to get drunk.  You must be awfully desperate.  Rather buy a six pack in sit in my car in their parking lot.
Awesome......the best tiki atmosphere ever!!!  Try the "zombie"...... tasty!!!!
I really enjoy the atmosphere of the bar, especially the decor. My main problem with the bar is the weak drinks. I'm a small person, and usually 3 beers gets me drunk. But I can easily drink 5 or 6 mixed drinks before I start feeling drunk at Waterworks. At the price (4$ a drink), I can't really afford to drink there unless I drink beer, which I don't always like to do. The sandwiches are good, especially the eggplant parmesan. They have creative cocktails as well, which I love but also cannot afford at 7-10$ a pop.
Went here just for a drink before getting dinner nearby. I had a cocktail and while it was strong, it was good. It was a little after 7 on a Thursday, and there were about 4 other people there. Good, prompt service and I've been told that it's a good place to go for live music, when that's happening. I'd come back here.
I had the key lime pie cocktail and it was excellant.  They also had a small, but well curated, selection of craft beers.  They have a water fountain that streams down the roadside windows that is very soothing and creates a mellow atmosphere.  I will definitely be back but I'm afraid that I like the key lime cocktail so much that I will never drink anything else but that here!
When I used to live in Tally I used to love Indie Fridays at Waterworks. Pretty good music and an okay drink selection, this is a fun place to grab a drink that's a bit different from the Frat boy crowd that seems to dominate so many Tallahassee watering holes.
I love this place! I spent the better part of a miserable year bound to Tallahassee in this bar, and I have to say it is one of the few saving graces of this town. Probably my favorite bar of all time: cheap drinks, great music, best crowd in Tally, tiki theme strikes the right balance of kitschiness without being cheesy, and the atmosphere is intimate on most nights and happening when you want it to be. (And I must second the vote for the plastic animals and swords, I think I still have some souvenirs at the bottom of a purse somewhere!) Oh yeah, and it was five minutes from my apartment, so you can't beat that! Oh Waterworks, maybe in another life we will meet again.
The drinks are delicious. Well worth the price. The decor is just cool.
One of the finest bars in town.  Just ask a bartender! There are a lot of reasons Waterworks is the bar I've probably patronized the most over the last decade. Well known for having a knowledgable staff making proper cocktails up to spec.  The food is outstanding - just try the Capri.  The atmosphere and music are great, too.   Check it out!
Waterworks has a great low key, tiki bar atmosphere. The drinks are moderately priced, but you won't find your typical beer selection. It's a wonderful location to bring a small group of friends to just sit around and enjoy each other's company and conversation. It's not a bar I would make my go to spot, but every time I've been, it's ended up being a great night.
pretty great. I'm from out of town and just stumbled upon waterworks this past Sunday night. the atmosphere was good - decent music - friendly staff - an old salty local sitting at the end of the bar...all things I look for. food was decent - cocktails were amazing. the girl behind the bar knew her classic cocktails and made them well - she even rewarded me with a free drink for teaching her something new.  worth a visit.
Waterworks is just a fun place from the moment you walk in. A fountain pours water down the main windows below a tiki hut-type roof. Its fruity rum drinks are served in odd glassware, ranging from one that looks like a tiki idol to the Mystery Drink, which is served in a mug that looks like a skull. It draws a wide range of people. Music tends to be current indy rock or punk, rock and new wave classics from the 70s and 80s. But they also play old blues and jazz and old school country songs _ the cool kind, not hokey modern country. Weekly theme nights include science experiments, live jazz, Jungo (in which the owner dons an ape suit and conducts Waterworks' version of bingo). Don't forget to stop in the bar at the back of the building called Spaceport, which, as Waterworks describes, "has the vision of the future through the eyes of the 60s." Food menu is limited, but good. The Sunday night brunch is fantastic.
Pretty cool tiki bar, with quite good food for a bar (including some relatively healthy and creative things like eggplant pita pizza and hummus, and they serve food until 1 AM!!, food is reasonably priced) This is definitely more of a bar than a restaurant.. Friendly staff, who seem to be knowledgeable about the food and drink.. Good cocktails and some good beers also.  You won't see fraternity/sorority types here..  There is a very eclectic crowd covering a broad age range, although most were 20 somethings when I was here, not a surprise in a college town like Tally.. ( I was here on a Saturday night, it gets pretty lively around 10 PM)  This is the complete opposite ambience from the typical Tennessee Street joints.   I tried a good Belgian beer that the staff recommended and some White Russians, which were well made. The water flowing down the windows is a cool effect, although it makes it difficult to know if it is raining outside or not.. They have their own parking lot, which is nice.. Near several other bars and restaurants in a little cluster of trendy places within walking distance of each other along Thomasville Rd..
Set against the recently too-trendy backdrop of "Mid-Town" Waterworks holds strong as a solid vestige of cool and a little quirky. During the week, Waterworks offers a variety of themed nights- some perhaps falling short of their intended goal- one of which is "Science Night" where a specialist or expert or fan of some subject gives a lecture accompanied by a power-point or demonstrations to the patrons at the bar. While this is not always the most entertaining, I love the fact that they do stuff like this. On the weekends the main bar can feel a little like a hip night club, but the back bar, "Space-Port" is typically more quiet, laid back, and a good place to hang out with some friends. Another big plus to this place is the full food menu they offer until extremely late (something especially lacking in Tallahassee). The food is generally pretty good, and sometimes surprisingly good. I wouldn't really call this place a specialty cocktail bar, but they hold it down with decent bar tenders and a good selection of beers.
If you're into Tiki, you can't go past Waterworks. Friends staff and good prices.
Waterworks is a nice little bar spot. Never obnoxiously crowded and seems to attract a more mature crowd. They are strict about 21+ thus no obnoxious 18 but still in high school year olds to be found.  A more exotic beer selection and specialty drinks are good. 99% of the bartenders and serves Ive delt with wear very friendly and knowledgeable (ex: when you ask "Is that any good?, not a "I don't know I never tried it" response, lame PR) Great place to go with coworkers and friends after a long day or week... Also located in the tiny "sweet spot" of Tallahassee, not too far from the NE, Campus, or Southside of town. Only niche was drinks are little more pricey then elsewhere and parking is limited. Tallahassee in general is a towing happy city.  Wouldn't advise going there on mid weeknights, might be the only one in there lol.
