This has become my new favorite going out spot in Tallahassee, I cannot believe it took me this long to figure it out. I first came on a Friday, forgetting all about stetson's, and still had a blast. I'm not big on the country music but it's easy to pick up on some of the line dances and they always have music breaks in between if you feel like getting down and dirty or whatever. The crowd was interesting, but what really struck me was how large and still relatively clean this place was. The bar was good, not a long wait considering how many people there are at this place and the bartenders are really nice. I appreciate all of the security and likewise, it's nice to know that the bouncers here actually do what they are supposed to be doing. I went back recently for a concert and it was awesome, not just because I was a fan of the band, but really because everyone and the Moon completely changed and it fit so well. This is a versatile space and they really take advantage of that. I will be coming back again and again on different nights to see what the music scene is like.
I've only ever been to the Moon for shows that were being put on by FSU's Union Productions, but it's always been nice. The drinks are a little expensive, for my cheap ass. 4$/well vodka. I've never been for any of their own events, though.
This is one of the best venues in North Florida hands down. Club LaVela only beats this place during Spring Break. Wednesday is College Night with DJ KWIK! Cover starts at $5, doors open at 10pm. (guys under 21 must have their college ID.) Expect a lot of recently turned 18 year olds and a large population of college students from FAMU. Warning: NO DRESS CODE Friday is Stestons Ladies 21+ are in FREE till Midnight, and for everyone else $5 cover. Look forward to being greeted by a large mechanical bull on stage and country music til about 12:30. Country line dancing throughout that time - if you can;t dance - no biggie - just smile and join in. Girls are drinking free til midnight (sometime til 1am) so throw a few back and fine a cute tall southern boy in a nice pair of jeans and follow his lead. (The tallest sexiest corn feed white boys come out to the Moon on Friday --I swear I didn't know Tally made white boys like this!) But if country music isn't your thing you'll be ok! Sometime near midnight/1am there is a Top 40's booty break and a Mardi Gras bead toss. You gotta see it for yourself. **Parking lot somethings gets real down south country with drunks cussing up a storm and then screaming out "You know I love you - hurry up and cum on" and like a falling star a couple has made up?!? Saturday is Grown Folks Night (21+ ONLY) with DJ Bo Weezy! Ladies in FREE till midnight.(most nights) No Tennis Shoes/Sneakers, No Hats/Skullies, No T-Shirts ---It's a shame you have to tell "grown people" how to dress. The music is mostly southern rap, r&b, and old school throw backs. But the nights have gotten LESS grown with mostly current chart toppers being played all night (0with plenty of twerk music). Every so often you'll get some Spanish/Caribbean music. Drink specials are pretty weak - 2-4-1 on Long Islands til midnight. Listen to 102.3 FM before heading out to know what type of vibe to expect! ***Parking lot can get crowded and out of control at times but there are plenty of police officers making sure everyone is safe. And for the most part you will have an easy going time no matter what night you go. In addition the Moon is always hosting special events for the area like Tallahassee Nights Live and large concerts. Just to name a few B.O.B., Pitbull, Kid Sister, and Willie Nelson.
Every single bartender looks like he stepped straight off the Jersey Shore and onto the delightful, inexplicable, dilapidated Moon, adding to the overall atmosphere of run-down Reno strip club.  The best of Tallahassee venues!  No, really.  I've brushed shoulders with Charlie Crist and picked a wasted 19 year hipster girl wearing face paint and a "romper" up off the sticky floor here. This place sucks in the best of ways.  Fist pumps!
Checked this place out on a Friday night for Stetsons recently. Actually very impressed. My friends always wanted to go last semester, I said I would never! Was that a mistake! Very large bar/club. Has a karaoke room and 3 levels of chairs, bars, tables. Though sometimes getting a drink can be a hassle because of the small size of the bars and limited number of bartenders. You will find a mix of people older, younger, country, gangsta! Only reason why I would not give it 5 stars is the people it attracts. I have never seen so many verbal arguments between believed bf gf in my life! I had to admit it but this place attracts a ton of white trash.
A bit on the expensive side for both drinks and admission, but this is the best venue in town.
It's an intimate venue but do not buy VIP seats as they are a rip off! You get a chair in the back of the club! Wouldn't you rather stand up next to the stage? And VIP tickets cost twice as much for a view you can't make out without binoculars!.also, this venue has no food. :-(
