Serendipitiously stopped at this store because of the colorful signage... Wow. Awesome store. The prices are very reasonable too. There were so many things I wanted. Probably the coolest store we've found in Tallahasee if you love hippie, hipster, earthy, neat, cool, knick knacks, figurines, jewerly, etc. Who ever the buyer is... is Awesome.
Quarter Moon Import Shop is the perfect place to shop if you're shopping for a festival, or anyone who just has a hippie flare to their style. I love walking in this store and finding the perfect earrings for a night out at the bar. Not many people know of this store and it makes me feel really good to know I may be the only one out of my friends to have a specific item from this store. (kind of one of a kind things). From the moment you walk in and the moment you walk out you feel a sense of peace in the air and I love a good, unique, friendly buy. If your haven't checked it out, its right off of monroe!
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS STORE!  My niece took me here when I was visiting her for her graduation.  If you love to shop at cool funky stores that have a little of everything the Quarter Moon is the place.  They have everything from clothes, to candles, jewelry, incense and so much more.  A very eclectic place. They have a 20% off coupon for one purse or wallet with a yelp check in and I took advantage of that by buying a hand made purse and sugar skull wallet.  ALL of the jewelry is unique but some of the stuff can be a bit pricy in this store but the items are mostly all hand made or from recyclable items.
Thought I reviewed them already. This is a must stop for me every time I come into town. Located right on Lake Ella, which is so pretty. Small cottage that is just so cute. You never know what you might find as you stroll through this cute boutique. Clothes, scarves, bedding, curtains, incense, candles, cards,jewelry, etc....so many great finds!! Great place to pick up a gift or just a unique item for yourself. I have purchased so many things from here. Journals,  jewelry, candles, cards, oh gee many nice things. Sign up to receive their emails, keeps you informed on events and specials which they have fantastic specials. Service is always friendly. Great place to shop and a must stop! They change their merchandise frequently so keep checking back.
There is so much random awesomeness packed into this little shop! From women's bohemian style clothing, to a large eclectic selection of jewelry, purses and bags, things to hang from ceilings and walls (like hand-blown glass balls and strings of glittery butterflies or fish), tapestries, Asian teapots and soup bowls, chopstick sets, incense, candles, and just so many other little unique trinkets and things. Seriously, you need to just go here to see everything that they have! I've never actually bought anything for myself here, now that I think about it. I've always bought gifts for other people here... and everyone has always loved their unique gifts. The staff is also very friendly and helpful. They even gave out these cute little Buddha and elephant keychains to both me and my husband when we made purchases around Christmas time, as New Years gifts to their costumers. Sweet.
Adorable store! This store is filled with unique and interesting finds in Tallahassee. They have great accessories for girls, and neat home-decor items, too. The parking is a little bit tricky, and the prices are a little high, but it's a great store and a must-shop in this city.
A treasure trove of awesome! This is my favorite shop to buy dresses, jewelry, candles, incense, household decor and CUTE stuff! :D Seriously, go check it out! Time is wasting!
I absolutely love this store!  I more often than not just love to walk around through the shop looking at the beautiful dresses, jewelry, bags, incense, candles, rugs, and so much more.  It's so cute, albeit extremely pricey!  I wish I had all the money in the world just to buy most of their merchandise.  Parking can also sometimes be a pain since it is on Lake Ella.
The best little gift shop, owned by really nice folks on Lake Ella.  If you're desperate to find a gift and find it fast, you can usually have luck here.  Then go walk the lake and get an espresso at the Black Dog Cafe!
This store has so many unusual and kitschy things to sell! From clothes to tea sets to windchimes to jewelry, everything is very unique and just wonderful to look at. I've received some amazing gifts from here and I would recommend it to anyone.
The place to buy gifts for the women in your life.  The staff is usually really helpful, just tell them about the person you're shopping for, and they give good suggestions.   There always seems to be lots of cool stuff to choose from.
