My 'go-to' place for hair cut/color and facials -  great people that take care of you and wonderful environment!!
I was recently a bridesmaid in my best friend's wedding, and she wanted to do a "spa day" for the bridal party prior to her rehearsal dinner. I came to check out Complexions on her behalf (she was out of town) and plan the event. I was greeted courteously by the front desk and given a brief tour of the various areas we would be using, such as the mani/pedi room, as well as a lounge area/kitchenette where we could hang out and serve food in any down time. Due to the size of our group, I was advised to contact the event coordinator, Heather, to make final arrangements. I did so, and Heather was great about answering emails promptly and making sure our services were scheduled so we could make it to the rehearsal dinner on time. She also offered us their in-house catering services (a really nice option but we declined). I appreciated her willingness to work so closely with me and everything seemed great, so I put down the $100 group deposit and made our appointments. Then, a week or so later, much of the bridal party dropped out of the event, and I had to unfortunately contact Heather to cancel. This was in no way because of anything Complexions did or didn't do, it just didn't end up working out. I felt so badly after all of Heather's hard work, but she was nice about it. The $100 deposit was non-refundable but Heather said I could use it toward services for myself at any time, which I thought was very reasonable. So, the bride, one of the other bridesmaids, and myself decided to do a mini spa day, just the three of us. Among the three of us, we had two pedicures, one regular manicure, one gel manicure, and one gel full set. We also did blow outs. In general, we were happy with the services we received and found all of the staff to be professional and friendly. The girl who did my blow out was running late from a previous client, which made us a little nervous about getting to the rehearsal dinner on time, but she was apologetic and made sure to work fast and get us out in a timely manner. Overall this was a great experience. I would highly recommend them for anyone looking to plan a group event or spa day (bridal parties, etc.) because not only are the services great, but having a specialized event coordinator for your group really makes a huge difference. Would also recommend for individual visits - it is one of the pricier places in the area, but the place is beautiful inside and the quality of the services offered is high.
I am a big fan of Complexions and I have used many of their services. For my wedding I rented out their special occasion room and had mine and all of the bridesmaid's hair and makeup done.  The room had snacks and it was a great place to hang out while everyone was getting ready!  Even with 11 people getting updos and 8 people getting makeup done it was completely on time and very well done!  Chris did my hair and makeup and WOW!! I wish I could have him fix me up every morning, I felt very beautiful. I also get my hair cut there (Melanie is fantastic!) My husband finally decided to try it out because he was sick of getting bad haircuts, he found Kara the barber and is incredibly happy with her work. I have also used their massage services and it was a treat! Overall, the prices are consistent with most good spas, the atmosphere is calming, and the quality of their work is the best in the Capital District.
I have been getting my haircut every 3 - 4 weeks at the Barber shop with Master Barber Kara Falzo for the past 2 years. Coffee, fruit & mint infused water, herbal tea, cookies, trail mix, or fresh fruit is offered. I get use of the steam room and shower inside the mens locker room. Kara uses scissors and clippers, uses a straight razor to trim around the ears and neck, then washes my hair, trims my eyebrows, wraps my head and a hot towel, and ends the five star experience with a neck and shoulder massage. Kara also offers a military discount! Kara's meticulous attention to detail is unparalleled with other barbers in the area.
The settings is beautiful and the services are good. I had been going to Complexions on a regular basis, once a month for about 4 months, for facial treatments. My complaint is directed toward the owner of the facility.  I requested a modification on their annual membership terms three times, each time I spoke with the owner. After each conversation I was assured I would get a response but never did. This sent the message that my loyalty for the past few months, which btw was a cash equivalent of $500, clearly was not important enough for her to grant my request.  Her attitude toward a client's request sends a negative message that Complexions is all about the money and not so much about client care.
I've been going here for cuts, colors, facials for the past 2-3 years and I really trust the people working there! I also use their skin care line which is great. Everyone I've seen has done a great job! If they ever don't meet your expectations, they always offer to fix anything. Everyone's super nice and the salon is beautiful. - Stef
I've been here 3 times for a men's haircut and was satisfied each time. I haven't used any of the spa services so I can't comment on those.  As far as general attentiveness, customer services and atmosphere things run smoothly.  Granted, at any large place you're going to have bad apples, so some will have a bad experience or some personalities will clash.  (We've all experienced meeting a person we instantly dislike and for whatever reason there's very little they can do to change that.) The parking lot is a little small but I've managed to find a spot every time. Some of the receptionist staff seem on the young side and as a general rule young people have difficulty controlling their non-verbal communication.  I did catch a girl behind the counter make the "disgust" face at a customer when she turned her back to walk out.  Young people just don't know the impact their micro expressions and tiny inflections of voice have.  But that's life.  Overall good service and I was very happy with my cut and style.
After moving back to the Capital District from a larger city about a year ago, I had to find a place for reliable, higher-quality nail services.  I think Complexions hits the sweet spot of affordable (although on the higher end) and high-quality for occasional nail services.  They also offer online booking, which I find gloriously convenient.  I've had late-evening, after-work appointments that I found very convenient as well. You won't have any worries about hygiene here.  You will be given the emery board and foot file they use for your pedicure.  The staff frequently wash their hands.  The floors are clean, and so are the chairs and work surfaces.   They carry OPI polishes, among others, and have always had the latest color collection when I've been there.  Furthermore, the staff are always excellent.  I've seen Harolyn and Lisa more than once--both excellent.  I recently saw Julie, who was great as well.   The ambiance is really very lovely.  Cucumber water, cookies, coffee, and comfortable chairs everywhere.  I really love this place.  If there is any room for improvement, I'd say that the massage chairs for the pedicures are a little noisy.  Also, you should expect around $60+ for your pedicure, and about $30+ for your manicure.  This isn't a strip-mall nail salon.  I'd say it is vastly superior to Bellezza and Jean Paul, and I'd choose Complexions over either of those salons without a second thought.
complexions.com I absolutely love this spa.  It has taken over as my favorite spa in the capital region.   So far I have gone there for a Shiatsu Massage, Balneotherapy, Hot Stone Therapy and a Manicure.  My top choice is Hot Stone Therapy and if I could go back all the time, I would get this. 90 minutes of pure heaven!  I still have a few other treatments that I would like to try and plan to go back as often as possible. The atmosphere in Complexions is fantastic.  You are instantly soothed and relaxed, which may be necessary after driving in the Wolf Road area.  The staff is very professional yet friendly.  You feel welcome and comfortable, even in the waiting areas.   The treatment rooms are so nice and are kept very clean.  You feel very safe and private and cut off enough to truly let go and relax.  The spa staffers are all highly skilled and also very nice people from my experience.   Prices are competitive with other area spas. There is a wet and dry sauna as well as a shower in the locker room area and they are all free to use for spa goers. Most other spas charge for sauna use from my experience.  You get a locker to use for your time at the spa so your belongings are kept safe.   They also have a fabulous relaxation area called the serenity room where you can wait between appointments or wait for your fellow spa goers.  They even provide water, chocolates and cookies while you lounge. The location is convenient.  You can make a day of it because you are very close to tons of restaurants and shopping.   The extra special bonus of Complexions is that the spa is green.  You can pamper yourself and feel good that you are doing it in a place that considers the environment as well as your health, well being and relaxation.   My only regret is that this spa is an hour drive from where I live!  If you are looking for a me day, a girls spa day, a spa gift or just a simple treat for yourself; you won't go wrong with Complexions.
From the minute we entered, peace and tranquility prevailed! Today my mother and I visited Complexions for a mother/daughter facial day! This place is truly a gem in the Capital region. The atmosphere was nothing less then relaxing and rejuvenating. The spa itself is absolutely spotless. I doubt even a dust bunny would last more then 5 minutes in this place. The women's lounge is a little small (especially when it is occupied by a giddy bridal party), but since we were only getting facials, we opted to change in our treatment rooms. We were promptly greeted by our aestheticians after our mini tour of the spa. I opted for the Acne facial with Nancy. She gave me one of the best facials of my life. I really feel like she took the time to learn about my skin and formulate the best course of therapy. She took her time and was extremely detailed. I left feeling much better and refreshed then I have in awhile!! My mother opted for the Anti-Aging facial with Megan. In her own words "It was very relaxing and Megan was a pleasure! She made me feel comfortable throughout the facial and calmed any fears I had." Both of us can't wait to schedule our next appointment!
I have had a few bad dye jobs over the past year and decided to go see Kristi at Complexions. She fixed all the patchiness, color corrected, and gave me the exact look I wanted! She took my brownish red hair to a gorgeous auburn and I could not be more thrilled about how it turned out.
I took my entire bridal group here the day before my wedding. I had been looking around for just the right spa for us 5 girls. After using yelp to read reviews I decided to give this place a try. It worked!! Complexions is a great place to relax, rejuvenate and obtain any spa treatment you'd like. The pedicure and manicure was done by "Mari" I don't know if I am spelling her name right. She listened to everything I wanted for my pedicure and manicure and it lasted most of my honeymoon on the beach, in the sand (3 weeks later). I am very picky about my cuticles and cleaning and she did everything with a smile. The entire staff was cuteous, patient, kind, soft spoken and wonderful to be around. We retired to the solarium after our mani/pedi's and ate ordered out lunch (my bridesmaids picked it up). They made place settings for us and graciously accomodated. On top of the GREAT quality service they are a qualified, bonafide 'go green' salon. AND, their prices are the same as any other salon. I will definitely be returning every time I go home now. They have earned 5 customers for life!!
Great experience. I'm not the skinniest girl in the world but neither was the lady who did my massage. She was so nice and caring she didn't make me feel fat or unwelcome. I fell asleep during my massage and facial but every time I woke up I got fresh ice water and some snacks. I smell so good and my skin is so soft
Nice (but not exceptionally nice) atmosphere Bad, ineffective facials Rude staff Clueless aestheticians
I was skeptical when my wife suggested I visit Complexions for a hair cut - I'm not really the salon type. I was surprised to find the most accomplished barber I've ever met. And the environment sure beats my old barber shop. Overall, a first rate place. complexions.com/hair/bar… Best of luck with your new location!
It was ok! Probably just would not think to refer this particular place to anyone or come back. Nothing special stood out about it, it was mediocre and the service was also.  Except for the guy at the front desk... 2 stars for him!  The decor and ambiance was nice, but nothing majorly special. As far as prestige, professionalism, and class... well, that one is a blur... Chance taken, not that impressed.  The make up lady two thumbs up for her, which was a complimentary aspect of my visit!  Just saying... she was not uptight and border line rude, instead she was cool and also professional.  Just going off the below reviews, I was expecting so much for the visit to turn out more or less, lame...
First of all, I was wary about coming here from some pretty negative reviews.  I haven't reviewed much and have no connection to the spa or the LMT, I should also mention. But while getting the massage I wanted to - Yelp actually reminded me about Complexions, which I've driven by a number of times. I received a phenomenal massage from Regina, my first time.  I have had a lot of massage, and she was among the best I've received.  She also was very humble and it was obviously important to her that I felt comfortable, and that she cared about her work.  She checked in about the pressure, and was fully open and responsive to my feedback when I wanted a little more.  I would strongly recommend her work to anybody.   I scheduled a same day appointment which is normally hard to do with a good therapist.  I liked how they separated the salon from the "healing arts" services, because I often do not like the vibe of salons.  They also have an amazing shower and steam bath, which I took full advantage of.  It was an oasis of much needed relaxation.
I love this place, perhaps a little too much.  So far, I've had the deep tissue massage microdermabrasion, a pedicure, and a hair cut, all of which were fantastic.  Everyone at the spa is highly skilled, pleasant, and professional, and this place is all about the little things, the little extras.  In addition to the normal, standard spa treatments that pretty much every spa offers, this place has a lot of amazing services that I have never seen offered anywhere else. Can't wait to try them! The spa itself is gorgeous, clean, relaxing, and it's also green, which is a wonderful bonus. The relaxation area is also wonderful..Don't pass up the cookies or the tea, especially the tea.  Their tea is custom blended by a local tea shop, and I loved it so much I bought it! I've been to lots of area spas--Jean Paul's, Kimberly's, Bellezza, etc., and this is by far my favorite.
This green spa is a welcome change from the rest of the "spas" I've found in the capital region. The people that work there are always very nice and professional, and the spa itself is beautiful, very clean, and the sun room is gorgeous and relaxing. Also, it always smells like mint, so soothing. I'm definitely making this my regular go-to place when I need to relax and have some me time.
My boyfriend got me a massage here as a gift a few birthdays ago - I'm addicted and have been several times in the past 6 months for different services! **Good stuff: I usually get the Deep Tissue Massage and I have yet to be disappointed. I have gotten massages primarily with Luciana (I believe that's how you spell her name!). While I'm grateful she recently had a baby I must say I miss her terribly and cannot wait for her to return!  The massage therapists made me very comfortable and provided an extremely relaxing atmosphere. The spa is VERY clean and the staff could not be more helpful. They are very approachable and accommodating. My friend and I brought a bottle of wine (we were celebrating) and they gladly held onto it until after our massages. In fact, when we left our massages they had it set up with glasses in the relaxation room for us! The cookies, steam room, and sauna are great. I also got a hair cut in their hair salon. It took me 5 different hair salons in Albany, but I FINALLY got a hair salon that actually knows what they're doing! Albeit a little pricey, but for the countless "cheap" haircuts I've gotten in the Capitol Region, it's completely worth every penny. **Could Improve: The last time I tried to call and make an appointment but they were closed. I left a message with their "Spa Coordinator" and did not receive a call back. I waited a day and was able to make an appointment after calling again. They should probably advise against making an appointment in the machine message if they do not intend on calling back. The last few times I went there seems to be a shortage of chairs and room in the relaxation room for all those waiting for services. It can be kind of awkward with some people just standing around.....They also ran out of cookies (I was hungry, haha). The last time I went there wasn't enough parking in the parking lot. I had to park in a made-up spot, which is fine, but I wasn't sure if I was going to be ticketed/towed. I have yet to use any of their pedicure/manicure services, but that will definitely be my next appointment. Recommend to anyone!
I came here to have my hair and makeup done for a wedding last weekend.  Chris did a fantastic job and I received tons of compliments! The salon itself was lovely and everyone was super friendly.  Highly recommended for special occasion hair and makeup!
I had a spa day here where I had the Eclat Cocoon facial, relaxation massage, and a pedicure. First off, I will simply say that just to spend a day there with the atmosphere and special amenities such as the sunroom, sauna, and complimentary tea are worth an admission price on their own. Too bad they don't offer some kind of "just hang around" special! The fact that this spa is LEEDS certified and committed to environmental sustainability is one reason I chose it, and I am very glad I did. Everything is very beautiful and very clean. I felt relaxed and calm from the moment I walked in the door. The robe and slippers are soft and comfy, and you are allowed to hang around in the sunroom or sauna as long as you want before or after your treatment. The facial I had was truly wonderful and I will absolutely have it again! Nancy was professional and reserved, but friendly. She did a wonderful job of simply doing the facial, but also of helping me to relax and enjoy a totally calming and soothing experience. I also had a 60-minute relaxation massage. I don't remember the name of the woman who did my massage, but she was friendly and professional. The only complaint on the massage is that it was too light - but it was my first massage and I'm sure I should have simply told her to apply more pressure. Next time I'll try the deep tissue massage. The pedicure I had was only okay. It was a Thai beauty ritual pedicure which cost around $75 but it was really not any better a pedicure or more enjoyable than the $30 ones you can get at the mall. I won't have a pedicure there again. One final note: it is annoying that tips can only be left by cash or check. It would be much more convenient to put them on the card with the other services. As another review said, "who carries cash?" UPDATE 10/2013: I have now been back to Complexions many times and have had the deep tissue massage with several different therapists. It is a truly wonderful experience no matter who does it, but if you want really good deep pressure go with Randy. (It hurts, but is worth it if you are very stiff like I am.) Before and/or after my massage I always hang around in the sauna and the relaxation room just because it's relaxing and awesome. Highly recommended.
Fantastic place with impeccable service! Great place for guys to rejuvenate as well!
I had a great massage with Danielle back in December. My boyfriend and I did the couples massage which was really nice but 30 minutes is far to short! The receptionists and massage therapists were all very friendly and the spa itself is gorgeous. I'll definitely be back to see Danielle again, hopefully for 90 minutes next time!
Facial was great. Massage not so much. When I pay for 60 minutes it better be close to that. I was shorted  by over 15 minutes. I found the masseuse did not work the knots in my back. He seemed to want to do his routine. The spa is very nice. I would go back to Carly  for my facial. Not anything else.
If you like deep tissue massage, go to Stacey or Anthony ... both great! The changing room is small, but it's a good staff and a clean spa. The relaxation room is so nice, and the cucumber water is great!  I took my team from work here for a spa afternoon, and they were able to accommodate everyone and everyone had a great experience.
I've gotten some of the best haircuts of my life from three stylists here: Kim H., Pam, and Val.
I received a "spa package" as a gift, and had a deep-tissue massage, mani/pedi, mini facial, and makeup application, and lunch all in one day.  First off, the atmosphere of the spa is very relaxing.  They have a lockers to change or shower and a relaxation room with lounge chairs to relax.  They also have the most delicious tea, water, and granola.   Mani/Pedi took a long time to complete, too long in my opinion.  Good news is that the shape of nails was superb but the manicure lasted less than 3 days.  Not impressed.   Massage was one of the best deep-tissue massages I've ever had.  The lady paid close attention to my need for extra pressure and really worked hard.   Makeup application was a disaster.  I washed it off the second I got home because she made me look like a clown. They forgot to bring me lunch but once they remember, they give you a small menu to choose a few sandwiches from the cafe down the street.  Once the food arrives, you eat it by yourself in a hallway.   The mini facial was a joke, the girl just tried to sell me micro-dermabrasion treatments.  I wish she concentrated more on the facial I was supposed to be getting.  After the facial, my face looked worse than what I came in with.   I've also had my hair done with about 2-3 times.  I wouldn't say it's the best but it's not the worst either.  If you like scalp massages while you get shampooed, forget it here.  You barely get a rub.  I think I'd like to try other spas in the area...there must be something better.
I know, I know, I know. I should call the salon with this matter. I simply can't bring myself to do so. My stylist is on maternity leave, so I got shuffled around. First, they tried to charge me the guy's outrageous rate without noticing I'd been shuffled elsewhere. Second, the stylist was pleasant, but if I was in her chair for more than 25 minutes, I'm a fool. So I didn't speak up when she clipped my hair in 10 spots. And now a mere 3 weeks later, I'm overgrown and poorer. Sorry, but $50 plus a my customary 20% does not make me a happy client. Honestly, I did not call because I find the owner boorish. And I so want to love everything about this place of serenity and sauna.
My wife had her entire bridal beauty done here (make-up and hair, as well as hair and makeup for her mother and bridesmaids) and loved it. She had Chris for hair and makeup and he did a fantastic job, really listened to her and made sure she was 100% happy before leaving his chair. Sarah, the receptionist Sarah, did an amazing job coordinating everything and accommodating my wife after her first trial didn't go as well as planned.
Over the past six months, this location has become my go-to place for any and all spa and salon services. I love the atmosphere here. There's lots of little corners for private relaxation, whether you're waiting for a haircut or in the solarium in the back waiting for a spa service. None of the staff is pretentious at all, which isn't always the case for spas. You can schedule all your services yourself online, which is awesome because you can tinker with your times and easily create your own spa days. This is also a major perk because unfortunately, calling the spa itself has been really unreliable for me.  Sometimes you don't get anyone to answer the phone, even in the middle of the day. That's pretty much the only problem I've found with this place. Mari does a fantastic job on my acrylic nails, a service which is difficult to find at many higher-level salons. Lydia has been fantastic with the facials I've had, and I recently had a wonderful experience with Reggie getting full-head highlights and a trim.  Everyone here has been wonderful, and I can't recommend this place enough.
I got a massage and facial at Complexions and only wish I'd found it sooner.  The atmosphere is really relaxing, and there's a wonderful relaxation room/sunroom with tea and light snacks where you can wait for your treatment.  It's much more tastefully done than that "other" spa in Albany, the staff is much better, and the prices are better.  My treatments were great and the massage with Carol was one of the best I've ever had.  It was very clean and the changing rooms are nice.
Excellent staff in the salon. I have been going to Pam for two years now, and she always gives me a fabulous haircut! Highly recommended!
The entire spa was wonderful, it was quiet and relaxing, they had soft music playing. I was totally at ease. I took my boyfriend there to surprise him for his birthday. It was great customer service, as soon as we walked in we were offered drinks and snacks and our coats were hung up. We were never rushed and they took their time in servicing us. My boyfriend got the executive haircut and a hot lather shave. He looked amazing when he came out, well worth the price. Me, on the other hand is a different story. Brittany cut my hair and she did a wonderful job. When it came time to blowdry my hair straight, i was not too happy. I have thick curly hispanic hair, and this girl had no clue how to blow it out. I had read rave reviews that the hair stylists were so experienced, but this girl looked like she had no clue how to blow my hair.... for  $45 for a haircut, i expected someone who knew their way around a blowdryer..... She tried to simply dry it without using a round brush or any type of other tool. Ive been to salons where i paid $15 and received a better looking blowout.... I walked out with frizzy, kinky, still wavy hair..... Brittany the hair stylist even had a look on her face like she knew it didnt look good. My poor boyfriend as much as he tried to convince me i looked good, didnt succeed as my overly frizzy hair was obvious..... Long story short, this spa is AMAZING for men, but if you're a woman with very thick or curly hair, then i would just skip the blowout and get the cut, save yourself the money. I would def go back for any other services though......
