I have been going to Ryan for years.  He's the only person I will let touch my hair--I am really particular.  Ryan's haircuts are really precise and literally perfect.  I don't live in the area anymore and I come back just for a haircut.
Me: Do you carry the full line of Oribe products? Staff: No Me: Oh, that's too bad. Ok thanks I then walk around and see about 4 shelves worth of Oribe products so I think to myself, "do you think she thought you meant every, single product ever?" Perplexed. Then comes the haircut - I show her a picture with obvious layers in the front. I was asked if I wanted layers. I say yes, in the front. Haircut over and I have absolutely no layers, even though she said she put them in. I also point out some uneven sections in the front, she tries fixing them even though she did not check the cut at all - again perplexed. I have had really bad experiences with attempts to "fix" hair problems so I just pay ($55 + tip) and leave. i get home and the back is uneven. UGH! thought about going back to get this fixed but I rather go some place else.
I was recently in town for a wedding when I had a hair crisis and needed my color updated ASAP. My friend (the bride) called and made me an appointment with Kayleigh(Latham location). I will admit I was very nervous about having someone else do my hair but Kayleigh was amazing. She listened to what I wanted as well as my concerns about color and she absolutely nailed it! I love the color!! She also did a great blowout/style after. Continuing on with the bridal weekend I had a style done by Blair, which again looked great!! The day of the wedding a few of the stylist came to our hotel to do make-up and hair for all the bridesmaids as well as the bride. Needless to say everyone looked GORGEOUS!! Erica, David, Joelle, Gia and Lauren did an amazing job. Joelle and David personally worked on me and I was more then pleased with my results. They each incorporated the photos/ideas I had, put their spin on it and it had a gorgeous outcome. I would recommend all of these stylist for everyday color/cut as well as a special event
I'm not a girly girl, so I generally don't like the vibe of most salons. I don't really fit in. BUT...I had a gift certificate and was happy to have found this place as a result.  I've now been to Jean Paul (Stuyvesant Plaza) several times and have been very happy with the haircuts. The staff is always super friendly without being phony. The prices are not bad - I haven't had anything fancy done but I'm considering a color at some point. Would love to try the spa if I can find the time. I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for my appointment and on a couple of occasions, I was early...and they took me early. Parking is super easy...I love big parking lots. That's a big plus for me. They have a really good selection of the higher-end hair products. Going back for another haircut pretty soon.
Straight guys need care and pampering too, so I took one of my gfs for facials at Jean Paul in the Stuyvesant Plaza. Nice vibe, we perused many of their lovely beauty products after being greeted warmly. I decided to stick with using Gold Dial soap. After a brief change into complementary robes and slippers, we entered the inviting spa area. On to the private table where the facial was less than spectacular. She just went through the motions and seemed uninterested, I asked if they had many men come through the place and received a terse reply indicating they did not. My skin was at its loveliest and my companion was pleased as well. Guys, let's find a place that suits us better than this environment.
I would give this place a  a negative 10 stars  if i could. I went in for a hair cut twice. The first time, the hair cut just looked cheap  and dated like the stylist didn't learn basic or current hair cutting techniques. The next time I went in for a hair cut, I decided to spend more money on a more experienced stylist. Yeah, she gave me side bangs without  even telling me. BANGS SHE GAVE ME BANGS W/O telling me.  I paid and left..then cried at home. This place seems to have a ton of stylists who have a handful of basic haircuts and just randomly put them on people. The place I go to now actually have people that look at your fact to see what hair style suits you the best. Also, the receptionists there are really rude like everything is hassle to them.
Very friendly staff. Receptionist was very nice and offered something to drink as soon as we checked in. Beth the girl who cut my daughters hair did a nice job and was very sweet. My daughter is the kind of person who can talk to you after you've left the room.. she just loves chit chat and Beth kept up and didn't seem bothered by it. I made the appointment last minute because the place I usually go to was booked and the hair cut was a spur of the moment thing. We went to the salon closer to CVS. Nice area up front with products.. Kiehls, Bumble and Bumble, OPI nail polish. The cut was I think $45 before tip. Not sure how much kids cuts are seeing my daughter is of age for the ladies cut here. The young ladies cut :)
This place has really gone downhill these past few years. It used to be #1 in the area in terms of professional service. But lately it seems like you must almost take off an entire day of work for a haircut and color because they overbook their clients and about 4 different people will be touching your head before you're finished. Most of the service is done with your head laying bacvkwards over a sink for up to 30 minutes: far from comfortable or relaxing. The hairdresser I used there, Vivi, is talented but unpredictable regarding mood. You don't want to feel like you're bothering your hairdresser by showing up. The entire place seems more concerned with the "appearance of their salon" than the appearance of their clients.  Way, way overpriced for very poor service. I wouldn't recommend my dog get shampooed there....Sorry Jean-Paul... Farrah N. Ashline
I love this place...I go to Audrey for cut & color & I've had a fantastic facial at the spa. It's pricey, but worth it.
I have had my eyebrows threaded twice here and both times it has been painless, done well, and quick. It is hard to get an appointment here but well worth the planning. Lucy gave me a manicure last Thursday, the $25 version, and it still looks beautiful on Monday morning, following a weekend in NYC and packing moving boxes. She took great care to give me the most fabulous manicure I've had in a long time and not just because I paid for "the works". Will definitely return to this salon.
This is the first five star review I have been willing to give.  The reason for five stars is because I just don't know how my experience could have been better.  I called for an appointment when I found myself with two hours of free time this past weekend, and I was quickly given a spot at their Latham Salon.  My stylists,  Alor, was sweet, thoughtful, methodical,  and took her time....  two hours for a full colour, cut, style and wax.  The tab was $126.00, completely exceptable for the experience and outcome.  I love my hair. I love my colour.  I will go back to see Alor in three weeks.
I went in about a week apart, first for an up-do, then for a hot stone massage the next week. The up-do came out good, no complaints there. But the prices are a little steep here. I've had just as good of an up-do at other places, or even better, for less money. They offered to do my make-up complimentary, and my sister urged me to do it since I really am make-up knowledge deficient myself. I was not a fan of how this came out. I said I would want a natural look since I think make-up looks strange on me anyway, but instead it came out looking very clearly like I had a lot on. The next week, the massage - I love a hot stone massage, they are wonderful. Most of the massage was great. My only gripe, and I have this gripe with a lot of spas - only few have ever managed to accomplish what I was looking for - I carry a lot of tension in my back, so I tell the masseuse to use a bit of pressure when they switch to working with their hands. They all get very nervous about it hurting, despite me telling them it doesn't hurt and in fact them not using full pressure ends up hurting me more after because they haven't fully worked out the knots. After a while the masseuse obliged and the massage was a success. The quality here is not so much the issue - they do a great job. Really its more of an issue of for the prices you pay, the quality is not that much better than the competition. I have gotten the same massage elsewhere, and had it done better for less now. Jean Paul Spa is quality, just not necessarily worth the money you have to invest for that quality.
5 Stars for Emily, my hairdresser: She never lets me down and gives me a great haircut. Hairdressers usually try to straighten my curly hair, but she doesn't -- and she cuts it so it looks good curly and it's manageable for about 2-3 months. I highly recommend her, although I hesitate to because I don't want her to be too booked. 3 stars for the spa services: I've gotten a pedicure, a wax, threading, and a makeup lesson. The good: makeup lesson was great -- she taught me how to do my makeup in a way that I really liked. But it was overpriced. The mediocre: threading -- it took her a few times to realize what I wanted but otherwise would trim my eyebrows too thin; pedicure -- the person who did it was really nice, but the service is not worth the pricetag. The bad: waxing -- the person who did it was not particularly nice and the pricetag is too high. See a theme? Emily is worth the high pricetag, but none of the rest of it is. If you know of another place to get nails and facials, please let me know because I'd prefer not to go back to Jean Paul, but if it's the only game in town, I might not have a choice ...
Needed a fill on my nails on my business trip.  Although the nail tech was very nice, she isn't properly trained on acrylic nails.  I've had better done in a mall.
I have been coming here for years for everything, hair cut, color, waxing, facials, massage. And overall it has been a great experience everytime! I really won't go anywhere else in the area.  I will admit that sometimes I will call late to get a haircut and the stylist I want isn't available and the receptionist will put me with someone "who is very similar in style" and I would say on one occasion I loved who they put me with but on a couple of other times you could tell the girls were not listening to anything I was saying and the cut of OK but nothing amazing. When I think ahead and get in to see Teresa it's great! She has colored my hair multiple times, and one time I was not completely happy with how it came out (not because of Teresa but I asked for highlights that I later on decided were too much) and she fixed it for me no problem at all and no extra cost. Facials with Samatha are really great too, she's soo sweet and really knowledgeable to teach you how to best take care of you skin.   Sure, it is a little pricey but I would say it is completely worth it and they make you feel really comfortable when you are there.
Wigs and hair pieces? It's more like....a spa. Actually there are 2 locations in Styvesant Plaza, one only doing hair and the other both hair and spa services. The staff are all really great at what they do, and the owner is a stickler for customer service. Prices are fairly high, however, you DO get what you pay for. They sell great products (Aveda, Bumble and Bumble, Kiehls, etc) but the decorating could do with another remodel. Something a little more trendy perhaps. But then, I don't own a salon so what do I know? They have a threader (hair removal....with thread?) at both locations (Puja or Gina) and have stylists who know how to work with ethnic hair. If you appreciate Aveda as much as I do, I would definitely try Jean Paul. The fact they use Aveda color drew me in.
Ever since I moved to this area I have been looking for a nice place to get a haircut.. Unfortunately this is not the one.  Every time I have been here I have felt like a 2nd class citizen. Everyone I dealt with on the staff looked bothered and some of the stylists barely acknowledged my existence as they sped through the haircut.  I also didn't really feel listened too. I have curly hair and think I might give them one more try thanks to the other reviewer who suggested her stylist, but overall, I think they focus more on creating an image they can't really back up.
Took me ages to find someone in Albany I could trust to cut my hair and I found Jose at Jean Pauls. He's reasonably priced and understands how to cut a mans hair (unlike many of the other salons in the area). I'm from New York city and so am quite particular about how I get my hair done and Jose really takes his time. This is also the only salon in the area you can get your eyebrows threaded (so much better than waxing). I allways stop by and get my back done as well while I'm there.
Don't be put off by the snobby atmosphere--I've been going here for 3 years now, and I love my stylist, Jillian. She does a great job every time, listens to what I want, and is good at what she does, and doesn't feel the need to chit-chat while she does it, which I appreciate. I've only been here for hair cuts, and I've only been to one stylist, so maybe I don't have the full picture (I also have straight, short hair). But they do have a tendency to overbook, and sometimes I've had to wait, for my appointment, but it's never a long wait.
My ex used to get his hair cut here, and one time I figured that rather than sitting around and waiting for him, I'd get a wash and blow dry myself.  They had someone available, so I was shampooed by one person, then sat in the chair for the stylist.  She was really young and spent half the time chatting with another stylist who didn't have a customer.    It took her over an hour to finish and the resulting style was really half-assed and unimpressive.  I didn't have the usual glamorous feeling of a salon blow-dry--the hair was wavy in some places, straight in others and kind of frizzy (which is really unusual for my hair). I was charged the unbelievable price of $85.  I could not believe how expensive it was.  I'm never going back here ever again.  I go to Rumors in Latham and see Sarah, and I've never once had a bad experience.
Love the friendly staff and great management!  You can tell everyone there is happy to go to work.  I have difficult hair color and have seen numerous stylists there and they all do a great job.  I constantly get compliments on my hair and recommend them to everyone!  I'm also obsessed with the Jane Iredale make-up line!  I hate my skin and this makes me feel beautiful!  Keep up the great work guys!
I always have a great hair cut or up-do at Jean Paul. I especially love my hairdresser- who always has a great conversation with me while doing my hair. This is my place!
Jean Paul is my only go to spot for a mani/pedi.  Go to Sylvia or Cricket. They are both excellent, friendly and nice but not so chatty that it's not relaxing.    Jean Paul is super clean which is VERY important to me.   I'm not risking an infection of any kind just to save a few bucks.  For waxing, Reesa is the best.  She's fast and does a great job.
Whitney is fabulous for cut and color ... she's great!  Veronica for waxing. The staff is professional, fun and attentive. Jean Paul uses great products and plays good music! Bring cash for tips.
The staff are always friendly & professional & the spa is absolutely beautiful- clean, great amenities, very relaxing, with the best technicians. Couldn't ask for a better place to unwind get a little R&R!
Er...I really want to give 2 stars to this place, but I feel like having only gotten an eyebrow shaping it would be unfair. I made an appointment a week earlier to get my eyebrow done for my upcoming wedding. When I arrived, I checked in and waited only a couple of minutes for Reese to do my eyebrows. While waiting, I perused the store front stocked with trending salon products ranging from Bumble & bumbler to aveda and such. The decor is rather luxurious. It's very modern and everything looked very clean. I was taken to a smaller room to get my eyebrows done. I was expecting a calm tweezing session but it wasn't that at all. I'm quite used to lying down for my eyebrows to be done but I'm not used to my head being moved and pressed down on while my head is held to the side. I told her that I wanted my eyebrows to be made skinny. She shaped them but it looked cleaned up and almost like what I originally had. It wasn't the skinny brow I was asking for. And on top of that, my head was moved and her hands were not gentle at all. I suggest if you are going to get your eyebrows done-go to Rainbow on Central Ave--for a cheaper price and totally more for your money's worth--they also have gentle hands.
Well I have to give credit when credit is due. I went to Jean Paul to get a pedicure to try and use my never ending gift certificate and what an improvement! I saw Kimberly when I was there and I was very happy with everything. She was great to talk to, she did an excellent job and she didn't even get on her cell phone while I was there. (You would think that would be a normal thing.) What an improvement from my previous visits. When I go back I plan on only requesting Kimberly. I would have given Kimberly 5 stars but Jean Paul Salon as a whole still has not impressed me.
After reading all the other reviews, I thought I would add my two cents as well.  Having grown up in Albany I'm very familiar with this salon and some of the staff and have been going here on and off for way too long.  Now, I usually wind up at Jean Paul when I'm desperate for a haircut- it's affordable and they ALWAYS (is that really a good thing??) have an appt available.  Anyhow, the decor sucks- there's something very depressing about this place.  Could it be the manager's nasty expressions and attitude?  (She hung up on me when I had to cancel my appointment... very professional!)  Or the hideous fluorescent lights?  Maybe it's the fact that it's a really big place that always seems empty.  I'd have to say that of all the experiences I've had there, by far my favorite was when the stylist stabbed me with her scissors and my forehead actually started bleeding.  Jean Paul, you're no winner in my book.
I went in today for three treatments: a 55-minute swedish massage; an eyebrow wax; and a pedicure. The massage (with Autumn) was awesome. I probably won't go to anyone else from now on - it was that good. My eyebrow wax was fine. I never ask for anything too complicated, so it is rare that I'm unhappy with that service. My one issue with Jean Paul is the cost and quality of a pedicure. If a pedicure starts at $65, I better leave with my feet looking perfect, and it better be a relaxing experience. From far away, it looks great. Up close, it's a bit of a mess. The technician tried to correct some of her sloppiness, but was eager to move on to her next appointment. Rather than starting fresh, she just kept messing with it. The pedicure wasn't relaxing either. It was a bit painful honestly. I have yet to find a technician there who gives a pedicure I love. I'll give it a couple more shots because I love the environment and the cleanliness of Jean Paul.
