For what it is and where it is, Lake Ella Park is a gem.  The "what it is" and "where it is" is not meant to be insulting.  "What it is" refers to its being a smaller park among what I presume are several parks in Tallahassee, Florida.  "Where it is" means that it is not in the center, near the governmental buildings of this state capital, nor near the large Florida State campus, but along Monroe Street, just south of the I-10 exits. Lake Ella is small.  The lake makes up most of the park.  What makes it really appealing is its beauty.  It's the stuff paintings and drawings are made of.  It may be off a busy thoroughfare but, once there, you're in another world.  There are thick stands of trees, flowers, birds, ducks, and even some nodes with gazebos and such.  Also, you will note that you are in the Panhandle, and the park's surroundings are slightly hilly, which also adds to its appeal. Who was this Ella?  That is definitely an "older" name, and one that is more Southern, whereas Mabel was a generic, nationwide "older" name.  Now, with all those names such as Abigail and Emma which are fit for "American Gothic" being recycled, Ella is probably on its way back as well. If crossing the Panhandle on I-10, and even if you don't need fuel or food in Tallahassee, I suggest visiting this picturesque park to ease your mind on this long drive.  I'd recommend it to everyone.
Lot of dogs as well as their owners that don't seem to be able to know how to control them. In the 15 minutes I was there, I saw two canine altercations. I'm sure Lake Ella can be lovely at times, with the surrounding quaint shops, the ducks, the trees, and the benches with lovely views of the lake but maybe with less people and less dogs.
Lake Ella is absolutely beautiful! Growing up near Tallahassee - then moving here for graduate school - I have fond memories of this lake. I came here a couple weeks ago while visiting the area, and my memories of the lake's beauty were still true. The blue skies... the birds... the fountains... the gazebo... it was all beautiful. Especially, when considering the fact that it was dumping snow in my current town of Pittsburgh. The lake is a great size to walk around, even with small children. I was with a friend and her two small children, so we only walked around once, but adults may want to walk/run around several times. The lake also has cute little shops close by along with a coffee shop located right off the path.
Serene yet bustling at the same time. Great for visitors and locals alike. The shops that ring the Lake on the west side and the houses on the east add to the ambiance. A plethora of Muscovy ducks will happily take your left overs and even the homeless keep to themselves. On a side note, 5 trips around Ellla equals a 5k run.
Lake Ella Park is a breath of fresh air on Monroe, not far north of the Florida Capitol. The park is very popular with the locals both for fitness, recreation, and picnicking activities and has the infrastructure for all three. The "lake" itself is small and not much to look it, but it has a fountain which provides something of a focal point and is nicely landscaped. The lake is ringed with a .6 mile paved path that is used by joggers, power walkers, and casual strollers. Lake Ella is also surrounded by a multitude of benches as well as a picnic area which includes covered pavilions and provides an opportunity for gatherings and cook-outs. The park has an abundance of Muscovy Ducks and almost as many signs warning you to stay away from the disease-ridden, aggressive creatures! The cherry on top of Lake Ella has to be the quaint shopping village located on one side of the lake. These shops appear to be independently owned and include a homemade ice cream shop, a candy store, a bike shop, a restaurant and others. Also on the lake is an American Legion post and a vintage Huey helicopter from the Vietnam War right off the trail. Tallahassee is a city of trees and sidewalks, but Lake Ella is a must-do if you will be in town for any length of time. It is an escape from the city IN the heart of the city.
Our little family takes walks here and then at this park. Its a great place to take pictures. I know they also have farmers market here on wed. afternoon.
This park is really beautiful and relaxing. I have only been here a handful of times, but it is well maintained and beautiful.
Very cute!  The walk around the lake is very pleasant when the weather is good.  Lots of nice scenery and people-watching. And don't forget the adorable cottage shops, especially Barb's Gourmet Brittles for cookies, cakes, pies, ice cream, and of course, brittle... YUM. Finally: Farmer's Market on Wednesday nights!  Perfect for those of us who abhor waking up too early on a Saturday...
Great park with little shops and cafes along one side of it. It's definitely a nice place to go for a morning/afternoon walk. The part that bothers me is all the homeless (I think they're homeless?) people that flock the area. The first time I went with my GF, we were approached with some fabricated story, which ended with asking for money. Today I saw some man walking around the park flailing his arms around, and a bottle of liquor in one hand. It's unacceptable for such a nice park in my opinion. Granted, I wasn't raised in a city environment, because it appears that people tend to ignore them. Which I do as well. It's more annoying then anything. Overall, it's a great place. I'm a regular there and continue to plan on stopping by.
The farmers market next to the shops on lake Ella every Wednesday from mid afternoon to sundown is worth going to. Particularly the falafel vendor run by the loveliest israeli couple. Seriously the largest most delicious and authentic falafel pita pocket you will ever eat. Everything is made from scratch in front of you! Lake Ella's best kept secret.
Lake Ella is a charming little area of green space in the center of the city.  The lake has fountains, and a little peninsula with a gazebo, and pretty views.  It is 6/10 of a mile around, and is perfect for jogging little loops, picnics, wedding photos, feeding ducks, and sunbathing (and even drum circles).  There are also a dozen or so unique boutique-style shops (including an independent coffee shop, and an ice cream parlor) in the little cottages on the Monroe side of the Lake.  The area seems safe, is free of litter, and has a variety of water birds, turtles, and flowers.  There's plenty of parking.  It is also one of my favorite places in town to people watch.
A pretty nice, small city park centered around a lake with a 0.6 mile jogging path and some grassy lawn space around it and many Muscovy ducks..   Seems to be a popular hangout with FSU types, great place to jog, walk, or just hang out and watch the ducks and people, study, or read.. Very cool atmosphere, bordered by a cool coffee shop called Black Dog and some cute little shops in stone cottages.. There is a gazebo and some picnic areas.. Great for a small city park with a true community atmosphere!!
I love this park at all hours of the day. I had my first date in Tallahassee one cold night after a movie. Normally I'd avoid parks after movies - sounds like a weak plot to a horror movie but there is great lighting and seating placed all around the lake. Then in the Spring the ducks come out and people bring their dogs, blankets,and picnic baskets to enjoy the great weather. Early mornings are the most peaceful time to go. Great clean and clear area to take a few laps around the park or to visit the many small vendors located near the lake.
Lake Ella was so pretty! This is a great place to have a nice, refreshing walk outside. People were also walking their dogs, jogging, taking pictures, and doing yoga around the lake. Lots of ducks. Also a great place to read (my favorite thing to do here) on one of the many lovely green benches. This is my favorite place in Tallahassee. The ducks are also adorable, especially the babies around this time of year (March-May.) There is also sometimes an orange cat that walks around and is very friendly; if he approaches you, don't be alarmed! I've seen him go straight up to people frequently. He's cute and mostly minds his own business once he's done getting attention. (I'm only assuming the cat is male.)
I love Lake Ella. On a beautiful spring day there is nothing better than to grab a cup of coffee or Italian soda from Black Dog and walk around the perimeter of the lake for a few hours. During hurricane season however, the lake does overflow since it is more of a retention pond than a real lake. The stores all around the park are beautiful and you'll definitely be entertained shopping around and laughing at the Muscovy ducks.
Absolutely Beautiful.  Can get dangerous at night.
Come to the farmer's market on Wednesday, listen to the soothing sounds of the musicians playing their instruments, sit outside and Black Dog cafe and buy some fresh produce or sign up for a CSA.  Peaceful.
I used to go jogging here every night, since I live close. It's always very nice until after midnight when the bums show up to sleep. LOL But it's a good park with nice little shops and great lake.
