I would give it 5 stars however there is no sign telling you to go down the dock to check in...you have to ask at the water bike rental place. There aren't any signs telling you much of anything about the place, which I think would be a good idea, as we probably would have wandered aimlessly...:( Anyway, you wait in line and as in our case, they were out of kayaks, so we put our name down on a list. We didn't leave as others did; we waited about 25 minutes and some kayaks showed up and we were good to go. Used Yelp check in and saved $5 bucks...so $25 for 2 ppl for an hour is a great deal in my book. The attendant needs to grow up however; he was so intent on 3 girls in bikinis that he barely got myself and my husband in our kayaks...and he told my husband AND one of the girls "You can remove the life vest (PFD) when you get out in the water if you want. I think that is grossly negligent on his part; probably because he appeared to be quite immature. The owner should know his employee is doing this...
Amazing time kayaking in Lake Erie around the Buffalo Harbor last week! Upon walking up to the booth located just under the Sky Way at Canalside, I was a little disappointed to hear there was a wait list for single kayaks, especially since it was a Monday mid-morning and I was there the day before and was told there wouldn't be a wait on a Monday morning. Oh well. We decided to do a tandem kayak... even if I thought my likelihood of capsizing increased tenfold. Just a note, though, if you can: try to call ahead or make a reservation online. Being first timers here at BFLO Habor Kayak, my brother and I had an absolute blast and were greeted with some great customer service! Although I would have liked to know a little more about the lay of the land... er, water... we made it to and from shore safely. I'm so happy BFLO Harbor Kayak exists... This is a great place to take both Buffaloians and visitors alike. Awesome photo opportunities as well. I was so excited to cross this off my "Buffalo to-do list" and I can't wait to go back again! I'm also looking forward to doing a tour!!
This is something I've always wanted to do when I come to canal side and dang it I did it. Sure I played a little hookie on my lunch break and extended it a bit but hey when you have the opportunity to go kayaking you friggen take it by the oar and row. If you use yelp which you should you get a discount of 5 bucks off which makes this adventure even more worth it. Normally it's 15 per hour to venture the vicious seas of Lake Erie however check in and well you can do the math it's close to priceless ! Sure I've yaked many of times in my 28 yr old career visiting the downtown buffalo scene but never did I think I'm gunna kayak ...  sorry. Anyways you can paddle your butt off up and down the lake till your arms fall off. My only tip would be to get on the list to rent on since it seems on weekends it maybe impossible to get on one of these pleasure crafts. And hey I know next time I wanna play pirate of the open seas I may have to bring mr captain Morgan with. Who said you can't yak in a kayak ....
The kid running it had no idea what he was doing. We came on a beautiful sunny buffalo day and expected a wait but he couldn't even tell us an approximate time. He had no organization. Very unfortunate that such a great attraction on the waterfront is ran by an incompetent teenager.
Great time chillin at canalside. Friendly and helpful staff set you up with an array of watercraft including water bicycles. See the transformation of Buffalo from its rust belt roots to the new and improved gateway to fun in the sun.  Enjoyed an August Tuesday afternoon with zero wait time. Highly recommended.
I do love to kayak the grain elevators.  And I got to do that by borrowing kayaks after unsuccessfully trying to rent a kayak from BFLO Harbor Kayaks on THREE occasions.   The first time, they were open but simply no one was home.  We stood around for an hour figuring we just missed someone off on a lunch break or something since we could see people in the water who had rented.  To no avail. Second time, they were all rented.  No one's fault but the sunshine right?  As requested, we gave the gentleman our phone number, stayed in the area, patiently awaited our call to the calm seas.  Stopped by periodically to show let him know we were still around.  On our next circling of the track - he'd rented out 4 more kayaks and looked at us like we'd never been there. Third time, everything said open but this time no one, not a soul. I'm giving this 2 stars because theoretically it's awesome that people are down on the waterfront in kayaks.  And I've seen them with my own eyes.  In my experiences, 1 star would have sufficed (summer 2013).
Ok so let me first say that I'm an impossible fan of kayaking. That being said, I'll leave the fun of the hour I had on the lake to personal stories. The actual service provided is what I intend to cover here. I showed up the the harbor and was a bit confused as to where to look for this place. Luckily there's really only one direction to travel. Eventually we stumbled upon the rental shack. There was a guy there who advised me that 'she' was gone for a minute and we'd have to wait. No big deal. I'm not expecting "good evening mr. Dispenza, care to engulf on a magical adventure?" Eventually 'she' showed up and showed my friend and I the waiver. We signed without glancing at it but I'm sure it covered liability to some extent. No worries. The only reason I'm here is because I'm too cheap to buy a kayak I know I'll only use a few times a year. Afterwards she asked if there was any valuables she could hold onto for us, which I thought was a nice touch. Also. I checked in via yelp mobile and received an offer for $5 off which she readily accepted. We life jacketed up and proceeded to the dock. A bit of a careful display to load is into the boats one at a time. Being former military I understand safety regulations but it was almost insulting to have a young girl "help" me into this watercraft. Then we hit the water and had a great time. The kayaks were well maintained and free of debris. A few notes though. Unless you being a watch or cellphone. I don't know how you'd know if your time was up. When you return you're supposed to wait for them to meet you at the dock to help you unload. Which makes it easier to dismount but can be awkward just waiting there. I did speak with an older woman I believe to be the owner though. She was very kind and loves PB&J sandwiches. So if perhaps you need a discount or favor. Being some with you :)
Difficult to get to. Direction link on yelp and website both incorrect. No one answers phone.  Not pleased.
I love this place. This past weekend, I knocked paddle boarding off my bucket list. It only cost $15 for an hour and I got to enjoy magnificent views paddling from CanalSide down to the First Ward. I did fall in once, but it was worth it (and the water was so refreshing). I could do this every sunny day here in Buffalo. If I'm looking to show locals the beauty of our city, this would be one of my first stops. Can't wait to have many more adventures with BFLO Harbor Kayak this summer. It really couldn't get any better. Professional, laid-back easy going staff.
The canalside is a wonderful place for kayaking! Water can be a little dirty though, but I suppose you can't expect much from lake water. But it's an awesome summertime activity and great way to soak up the sun! There's always other people on the harbor on their boats so it's kind of cool to see everyone passing by. I went later in the afternoon around 5 pm and we were told it was a 45 minute wait, which turned out to be much longer. There's only a limited number of kayaks and paddle boards! Pricing is decent and fairly standard. The canalside is great. You can just sit on their cool chairs or on the grass and eat some ice cream while you wait!
I'm going to preface this review by saying that I think this is awesome. As someone who grew up in Buffalo, I'm happy to see Canalside thrive and any business that adds to that should get props. I visited BFLO Harbor Kayak twice in the past week and must say the customer experience before getting in the boat leaves a lot to be desired. The first time I visited, the owner/manager (not sure of his position) was openly yelling at his employees. I understand that they have no real privacy, but it is never appropriate to yell at an employee regardless of the situation. I rented a kayak and had a lovely afternoon. The next time I visited I was again greeted by this super sunny person, who this time managed to not yell at his employees, but instead snapped at me after I asked about the stand-up paddle boards laying around. Grain of salt for it being a holiday weekend and busy, but when I overheard him comment to an employee that he was glad he was leaving so he "no longer had to handle this sh*t," I left. 5 stars for a fabulous concept, -3 stars for a jerk running the biz.
To be clear, kayaking around the Buffalo harbor is quite a bit of fun. Unless you're a chopper pilot, a boater yourself, or you have some special "in," you won't get a better view of Buffalo's decrepit industrial wonders or a better sniff of General Mills' cereal production.  Yum.  (And speaking of sniffs, even mid-summer, Lake Erie doesn't smell that bad anymore.  I wasn't even concerned when water lapped up onto my shorts and tee shirt.  I'm not worried about being relegated to subterranean chasms in New New York.)  But this isn't a review of the activity offered.  It's a review of the service provided that leads to the activity.   So I walked all the way down the pier, past the ships, the museum, the Adirondack chairs, the sandbox.  I walked to within spitting distance of the Skyway, where a kiosk and a banner are the sole indications that a business is in fact operating.  I approached the kiosk.  A girl shoved a waiver form at me.  There wasn't even any thought but that we were doing exactly what we had approached her to do.  I looked at the waiver.  "Blah, blah, blah, won't sue if anything bad happens.  Blah, blah, blah, you break it, you buy it."  Fine.  Assented and signed with a minimum of actual human interaction.  Life vests bestowed by a bearded fellow, he efficiently steered my sister and I down a gangplank to a short dock, plunked kayaks in the river, told us not to head towards Niagara Falls and to be sure to cede right of way to anything faster than we were, and punted us off.  This was the extent of the service leading up to the actual unaccompanied activity.  Spartan, eh? On our return, my sister and I reached the dock... and waited... and waited... and waited... puzzled.  Were we supposed to get ourselves out of the boats ourselves and put them away?  We had no idea.  After a few minutes, the bearded fellow did show up and we learned that we were not, in fact, supposed to "bus our own boats."  Why we languished there, I have no idea. So we went up the gangplank, set our life vests on the fence, and waited... and waited... and waited...  I mean, there had to be some kind of checkout, right?  There had to be some kind of review, right?  At bike rentals, and car rentals, and bowling shoe rentals, there was always a review of some sort.  Finally, we approached the employees.  Nope, we had waited for nothing... again.  Huh. Frankly, the activity is a heck of a lot of fun.  But equally frankly, there is a disconcerting lack of attention to service displayed by employees here.  I mean, I guess it's fine.  I guess they didn't really have to do anything except put us in our boats and take our money, right?  But with everything, I find, there is a big difference between taking money and providing something and taking money, providing something, and providing service, too. A word on the value proposition.  At about $30 an hour for two people, this is a markedly more expensive venture than bowling or a trip to the movies but a markedly better deal than Lasertag, for example.  From my perspective, the activity itself is worth every penny, especially if you're a photo geek and you have a good waterproof camera.
BFLO Harbor Kayak is my favorite thing to do at Canalside. I rented a canoe for two on a beautiful summer day in Buffalo and spent a couple hours getting up and close to the naval ship and the grain elevators. I have to get back this year and rent some kayaks...can't wait!
I rented a double kayak here yesterday for two hours. My sister and I paddled down to Silo City and back. Kayaking in an urban setting is awesome. Between the cute ducks, the rust belt dilapidation, and the amazing Cheerios smell from the still-operational General Mills plant, there is plenty to take in. The service was great. The guy was very friendly and helpful! Kayaking is not as hard as it seems so don't be intimidated, even if you have weak arms like me! : )
I went here on my birthday with a friend and had a pretty solid time. I paddle boarded while she kayaked and we got to see alot of the harbor from a different perspective.  My only fly in the honey i would say is that the price for half a day is a little steep, but i ended up using a yelp coupon so it wasn't even an issue for me. Everyone should get out here at least once if you don't own your own kayak.
Great location to rent a kayak, with numerous different routes you can go. Such as the inner harbor or towards south buffalo, where you can see the old industrial factories. I believe you can even do an urban tour on specific days, check the website. They also have paddle boards, which apparently are easier to use than they lead on.
I love this place! The best way to spend a beautiful day on Buffalo's waterfront. It is so awesome to be able to kayak along the river and see the grain elevators from a totally unique perspective. The owner and employees are great and very helpful. Also, a great way to entertain out of town guests!
I had SO much fun here. It is a gorgeous combination of industrial Buffalo and nature - willow trees on one side and the smell of Cheerios from the other. Really cute water fowl. My friend and I rented kayaks and her husband rented the paddle board which seemed more challenging but he stayed on and did quite well. We had no trouble finding the place because we followed the arrow on the sign that said BFLO Harbor Kayak. The girl was very friendly when we paid and we strapped on our unattractive life vests and went down to the dock and awkwardly got into our kayaks. I thought it was tremendously cool to cruise under the skyway in a small water craft. It was first time kayaking and I'm dying to do it again. Maybe I'll even buy my own. I have to work on getting out of it though - for some reason this family (grandparents, parents, children) was observing us from above getting out and I was extremely ungraceful, unless rolling out of kayak is acceptable. Veronica thought it was hilarious. All in good fun. Definitely taking my buddy there, maybe Saturday!
