Wife and I came here Labor Day and had a terrific time walking around the springs, doing the boat tour and hanging out in the lodge. From CT so we were hoping to take in the flavor of the south and see some gators and other wildlife on a boat tour.  Admission to the park was only $6 total for the both of us and $8 each for a one hour boat tour of the basin and springs.  Got extremely close to gators, turtles, birds and manatees with a tour guide who allowed enough time on the boat for plenty of pictures. Loved our experience and can't wait to come back here with our daughter some day.
We took another trip to the part yesterday. We wanted to have lunch in the ballroom, take a boat ride, swim a little and get ice cream before we left. The restaurant there is fabulous! The food is a little on the pricey side for lunch and the decor is dated bit to me that part of the charm. Almost a step back in time. I got an amazing mixed green salad which true to me I changed up a bit. No crotons, no carrots. Add blue cheese crumbles and red onion. I also added a side of their grilled rosemary chicken. It was fantastic!! My 19yo son RAVED about the fried chicken dinner. 2 other kids got the chicken Alfredo. I'm not sure that was a huge hit one ate their noodles the other ate the chicken. Another kid got the fancy Mac and cheese with a side of fries. I thought it was beautiful with a fried green tomato on top. She ended up eating a side of fries. The last kid (the vegan one) ate fries and onion rings. Again. While the onion rings looked nice, she didn't really eat them. This place may be more for adults that teens. The swimming area is beautiful and fun but very crowded. We set up our spot and went to eat bit came back to find people on top of us. Make sure to get up the nerve to jump off the high dive. The boat ride is fantastic!! Especially this time. We got to see two mom baby sets of manatees. In all my years I have never seen manatees before. It was very exciting. Our tour guide was great. He had a wonderful Louisiana accent. You see all sort of wildlife and hear lots of fun history. Lastly the ice cream/gift shop. It's great. Lots of fun souvenirs but the ice cream really shines. It's a bit pricey but then you see the servings...WOW!! Enormous. I would suggest one scoop. All in all one of the better things to do around Tallahassee. Th
Have I mentioned before that while I don't really care for Florida overall, I really love the springs there? If not, I guess I just did. Springs are something you don't just find everywhere. They aren't the ocean, they aren't lakes, they aren't even swimming pools. They are springs, and though you can find hot springs at various spas here and there, the springs in Florida are much different. The clarity - and refreshing chill of the water - is awesome. Wakulla Springs is also different for another reason: It is apparently the locale where Creature from the Black Lagoon was filmed many years ago. I don't think that you need to worry about running into the creature, but I can't guarantee that. The primary spring actually has a large diving platform over the swimming hole, which is nice - many don't, because they are so shallow. Here, however, it's not shallow by any means. It is in fact quite deep. So deep that they've found animal bones at the bottom of the spring. Bones from mastodon and other ancient creatures even. So this one has been here for a while. Just make sure you're there on a warm day, as like most springs, the water is definitely not heated!
I dunno. The spring is kinda pretty, but when this place is packed in the summer, it's seriously packed. And most of the people that go here are more local to Wakulla. *cough* If you like watching underage girls in skimpy rebel flag bikinis flounce around with their older boyfriends, this is definitely the place for you. :P I've also heard that the water has gotten pretty dirty over the years. "Among the culprits blamed for the deteriorating water quality are Tallahassee's spray field, where treated sewage irrigates crops; urban runoff; and septic tanks in the area that drains into Wakulla Springs." Nice! Also in 2006 there was a "mysterious illness" outbreak among people who had swam there. Just Google "wakulla springs pollution" and you'll probably never want to swim there again. Not trying to be a fear monger or anything. I've swam there. Hell, I might even do it again. It is still clear enough to put snorkle gear on and look around (and take underwater pictures). It's pretty awesome to have a mask on and go under near the dive tower and look over the edge towards the massive cave system. But for the love of pie please do not swallow any of the water or swim with any open sores/wounds! Just because it's a spring does not mean it's clean. Because it's NOT. The park itself is nothing too special. There's a glass bottom boat tour (which only runs if the water is clear enough) that I've never been on, but would like to to see the Mastodon fossils. There's a fairly large picnic area with tables and grills. Soda and snack machines. The lodge has some artifacts and history.
I LOVE springs, so Wakulla Springs is perfect for me. I agree with previous reviewers, the weekends can get pretty crowded, but I've always been able to find a spot for my towel on the little beach. The water is clear and cold, which is refreshing in our oppressive summers. I love to swim out to the two floating docks they've created and just sun bathe all day. There's also a high dive dock that is really fun to jump off of. Besides swimming, there are boat tours which are around 10$, and if the water is clear enough they give glass bottom boat tours. If you're feeling real high class, there is a historic hotel that you can stay in, or even just wander through while you wait for your boat tour. They also sell ice cream on the weekends. So beautiful, perfect for groups. The only downside is that you can't bring beer! Look out for gators and manatees :) Parking is 6$ a vehicle, so keep that in mind as well!
Had such a fun time at this lodge and the state park.  Some friends of mine had told me about how awful this place was going to be and how it was not going to meet my standards.  Well they were wrong as this place gives you all of "old Florida" packaged into one location.  Yes, it is not a five star hotel, but then again you are in the middle of the forest. I liked the overall location as it is in the middle of the forest and you can just take a hike right outside of your room.  There is a big roaring fireplace in the main lobby and tables with games that you can just sit around and play.  The ceiling is so intricate and beautiful and "old joe" is a sight to be seen.  The rooms are basic but you will be exploring the lodge, hiking or trying the delicious food and it will not matter. The restaurant was quite a surprise.  The presentation is superb and the food is typical American type food.  You will not be disappointed with the food.  The price of the food is another matter. Definitely try the boat tour as it is so relaxing and you get to see so many beautiful birds and wildlife.   I will go to this location once again as it gave me exactly what I was looking for.
Several years back we came here and did the boat tour which was nice, there were critters and creatures to see along the river including an alligator which seemed to open his jaws on cue as we floated on the water. This trip we only came to sit on the little beach and splash around in very, very cold water which was totally refreshing on a hot summer's day. The people watching is wonderful. The water is super clear and the kids seemed to love the high dive platform.
For my 100th review I've saved this special place. Last century (last millenium, even, and before it was a state park) we spent our honeymoon at Wakulla Lodge. Spring, what spring? We've been back a couple of times, once to spend the night and once for the day. Henry the Pole-Vaulting Fish. 'Nuff said.
This is the best place to go if you are ever in the Tallahassee area.  The river tour is amazing and you will see alligators, anhingas, and manatees galore.  All of the rangers and lodge staff are local Wakulla folks, so the authentic accents alone are worth the price of admission.  This place has not changed in years and really gives you the feeling of 'time travel'.  Great gift shop and soda fountain.  Swimming area is a lot of fun and the temperature stays the same year-round.  A little cold, but worth it. The glass-bottom boats have not run for years.  It is funny, because they post a sign out there everyday...no glass bottom boat tours today.  You will enjoy the Tarzan and Creature of the Black Lagoon stories and don't miss Ol' Joe in the Lodge. Again, one of my favorite places, can't miss North Florida attraction.  Very inexpensive and great for the whole family.
We decided to stop by this State Park on the way to the coast. Wow are we glad we did. Probably one of the most beautiful Florida State Parks we've been to. Beautiful lodge, gorgeous blue spring with diving platform, boat tours. We will be back !
We had an awesome tour guide on the boat, and the staff was extremely friendly.  HOWEVER- they get 4 stars instead of five for bad planning.  We celebrated my grandmothers 100th birthday here, and for some reason they had scheduled a wedding in the lobby at the same time.  Therefore, we had to take my 100 year old grandmother THROUGH THE KITCHEN to go all the way around the building to get to the bathroom on the other side.  Exsqueeze me??   Besides that we had a good time- if you eat there get the fried chicken.  It was so freaking awesome.
If you are looking for old Florida this is it. Nothing fancy about the lodge. No TVs in the room. Only one in the lobby. Rooms are nice and clean. Large rooms. Its no Hilton by any means. It was built in 1936 but we liked our stay. Food id decent but kind of pricey. They serve breakfast lunch and dinner. Nothing fancy. Food is served in the ballroom which is very cool. We sat by the windowd in the morning and could manatees playing in the spring. Very cool. We paid the $8 and took the river cruise for about 45 minutes. Jonah our guide was awesome. Very informative. Saw manatees, gators, turtles and lots of wildlife. We hiked the trail inside the park also. Very cool bits 6 miles one way so designate your hike time accordingly. Several bridges, well marked trail and its an EZ even for beginners. If you stay several days like we did & eat at the restaurant it can be pricey. We did have lots of fun and dont regret the experience. Just remember this place is on the national historic registry so nothing is new or fancy here. This is old Florida. You are in the woods and miles from anything. This was exactly what we were looking for!!
Really, really beautiful spot. The boat tours are about $10 a person and definitely worth it. We went in March and saw so much wildlife that it was almost overwhelming! Gators, cormorants, manatees, ibis, wood ducks, turtles... I could go on all day. Breakfast at the restaurant was okay, nothing stellar. The hiking trail (I think it goes about 5 miles in) was also nice. I think it costs $4 per vehicle to get into the park itself. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area!
Wakulla Springs is one of the last pristine rivers in Florida. If you are visiting the Tallahassee area, you definitely need to put this on your list! Be sure to leave yourself about an hour to take the boat tour. If you haven't been able to see alligators in the wild, then you'll love this trip. It's great for kids, and packed with history so adults will love it too!
Great food, nice staff, clean facility and the view was out if this world.  The drink were just what I needed after a long bike ride.  My only concerned was how dead it was... Maybe due to the rain.
Took the family here for a river cruise.  Great way to see the "real" Florida.  Lots of Gators, etc.  You can often see Manatees on this cruise too, but we missed them by about a week.  We didn't swim the springs, but it looks like a lot of fun.  35 ft. diving platform into 125 ft. deep crystal clear water.  There were divers exploring the springs cave when we were there.  Very cool.  Also nice trails available to hike, ride if you are inclined. The Lodge is also very nice.  Fun little "soda/ice cream" bar to get snacks. Great way to spend a day with the family.
I never went in the water - I just went on the river cruise and it was off-season and there was no crowd and I enjoyed it.  There was also an archaeological dig going on, which was fun because the workers and volunteers were very eager to share information and show us what they were finding.  The boat tour is pretty cheap and we saw lots of wildlife and water creatures (tons of alligators) so I thought it was worth it.  From what they told us, the water has not been clear enough to run the glass bottom boats for quite some time and they are not expecting conditions to get any better.  But, I still enjoyed the river boat cruise. We ate at the Ball Room restaurant in the lodge.  It was surprisingly quite good.  It is a very old-fashioned restaurant - they even show you the old menu from back in the 1940s.  I was with a friend and we decided to split the seafood sampler platter.  It was all fried and included grouper, scallops, oysters, shrimp, hush puppies, soft shell crab and two sides.  The two sides allowed us to each get a house salad, which was excellent.  It was mainly iceberg lettuce but had lots of cucumbers, carrots, tomatoes, onions and sprouts on it, too, and tasty dressing (I had blue cheese).  We were also served a huge basket of assorted crackers with butter.  The seafood itself was delicious, even though all fried, and there was a ton of it.  One platter fed two of us for two LARGE meals.  The service was friendly and fast and it was a very pleasant setting for lunch.  It was old-school but I sort of have a soft spot for this kind of place that has held on to the way it used to be. It is also worth a look around inside the lodge to see the beautifully painted ceiling and the other historical decorations.  This would be a peaceful place to stay as it is quiet and the grounds are very lovely.
Even though the crowds get a little crazy on the weekends, this is still one of the best swimming holes around. When they cut the hydrilla the water is sooo clear and beautiful, but if they don't it is a little bit of a hassle to swim through. Sometimes you'll be able to see a gator or manatee in the distance but I highly recommend kayaking the river (there's a loading ramp for boats a few miles down at the Highway 98 bridge). That way you can see manatees in the wild as well as huge gators, sliders, beautiful birds, etc. Downstream is a lot less crowded but it is a popular fishing spot. The diving platform is AWESOME and super scary. Cherokee sinks is another spring (sinkhole actually) owned by the state that's part of the park that you used to be able to swim in, but I wouldn't recommend it now due to the amount of huge snapping turtles living in the water.  The sink itself is totally huge and impressive, the water is GORGEOUS. The hike there is halfway decent, but it was more fun when it was a swimming hole. Fun fact: Sally Ward spring  is at the entrance to the park and totally underrated and I've heard the cave diving here is *amazing*. Security is tight though, and I think the only diving allowed here is for scientific research/mapping.
This place was the most beautiful and serene natural environment I've ever had the pleasure of visiting. It was once private property owned by Edward Ball before he realized how much money he could make off the land. The hotel was once his mansion - breathtaking. There are alligators in sight, although rarely close enough to encounter. They offer a river cruise where you can get up close and personal with the local nature. I saw alligators, snapping turtles, all kinds of birdlife, flying fish, and manatees. You can swim in the river and the manatee will come right up to you. They are huge but gentle creatures. It was an experience I will never forget!
I am going to review the Spring/park and the Lodge restaurant. 1.) The Spring/ park - AMAZING!!! The boat tour is inexpensive and the best thing you will do ever for that little $. The park rangers were extremely knowledgeable. They would reverse just to make sure everyone observed whatever critter we were supposed to see. The river was pristine and untouched. We observed manatees, numerous alligators, gorgeous birds, turtles and nature that was breathtaking.  Take the tour, it's worth the drive. The beach part and the park were very well kept, clean and beautiful. The beach was somewhat crowded and the water a 70 degrees year round. You can see to the bottom. 2.) The Lodge Restaurant: The lodge itself is a gorgeous building. The construction, detailed ornamental painted ceiling and beams- a great homage to the bye gone era of quality craftsmanship. HOWEVER, whoever manages the lodge & restaurant are doing a poor job. Its dirty...every chandelier has light bulbs out and cobwebs galore. The interior furniture is looking run down and the dinning area looks like a crummy diner with the cheap plastic style, sticky table cloths and fake flowers. The food is okay. If you eat there get the fried chicken, the oyster po'boy or the navy bean soup. They are worth it. Service is SO SLOW! and bad...refill- never heard of one there. To many staff and not enough of them are working.
We didn't stay at the lodge but we did drive past to take the river tour. Amazing. Definitely get there for the morning ride - I think they do it at 9.45am. The mist is still rolling over the bayou, and it's much quieter than I imagine for the afternoon rides. Pat and Bob were our two guides, lovely as they were I can't imagine they'd be much good at fending off the gators - of which we saw a ton. The river is teeming with them and plenty of other wildlife, we even saw a few manatees. After the tour we took a dip in the swimming area, which is lovely... that's about it. If you're in the Florida panhandle, I can say this is well worth the trip.
When it comes to State Parks, I always think of the one nearest to where I grew up - Wakulla Springs. Sure, I loved the feel of the old lodge, the cold springs were always fun to swim in, and the boat tours were fun - but on a recent visit I think that my fond memories were maybe clouded a bit with nostalgia. The springs are still clear and beautiful and of course packed with all the local flavor that Wakulla County residents offer, but the thing that got me most disappointed was the complete lack of Glass Bottom boat tours on the day I went due to "unclear water" conditions - completely lame. Oh, and skip getting anything other than ice cream at the snack bar - the ice cream is a welcomed treat on a hot day but the rest of the food is just awful.
This is one of my favorite places in the entire state.  I just went here for the third time.  My friend and I took the river cruise and were not disappointed.  It was cold and rainy so all you could see of the alligators were eyes and snouts.  Towards the end of the trip we did get to see a mother alligator with five small babies swimming around her.  Each less than a foot long. Now was a great time of year to go - not crowded and lots of birds - ospreys, ibis, herons and beautiful wood ducks. We had lunch at the lodge where I had a best chef salad of my life - tons of meet and veggies and none of that waste-of-space iceberg lettuce. Lunch was followed by an afternoon hike and we enjoyed a bug free walk surrounded by cypress trees and wildflowers. Oh yeah...when the weather's hot, I swam here once.  It wasn't until after I dove off the platform, I thought of all the alligators I had just seen.  I swam back to shore at world record speed.  I didn't see any alligators  in the swimming area but I don't think I'll try it again.
A really beautiful park. The water is always going to be soooo cold, but it never holds me back from jumping off that high plank. I always have a good time here and I feel so clean after swimming in the spring. They have a glass bottom boat tour, I've never actually been on it, but it seems pretty interesting.
After many years of dining at the lodge for holidays and special family events, I believe this year was our last.   Although our reservation was for 2 pm, we were not seated for an hour.   The food was institutional at best.  One vegetable offering was canned Lima beans and corn.  The turkey was pressed meat, the roast beef was fatty.  Most of thr deserts were grocery store frozen style.   Is was just so disappointing.   I image they cut their budget and it showed.   I felt sorry for the few staff who were working and doing their best to appease the unhappy patrons.
Jump off the platform on a hot summer day into the COLD spring water. It's exhilarating. They tell you about the alligators after you swim to shore, and you never want to get back in. Great place to hang with friends and bbq or picnic. Makes for a good backdrop for photo shoots too.
This is a review of the restaurant. I had the fried grouper. It was fresh, black grouper and very well prepared. The world famous, award winning navy bean soup was OK but not great. Cheese grits were the real, slow cooked grits! Yum. Hubby got the shrimp po boy. It looked good. Cole slaw was fresh and sweet. Good southern meal! I like the character of this place. A step back into time!
This place is cool and the water is COLD.
This place is the jewel of North Florida. I didn't give it 5 stars because from May - August it is very, very crowded. The water is always cold. You should just jump in. Really. If the glass-bottom boat is running, definitely ride it. The spring is absolutely beautiful.
