My wife and I go there every time that we are in Tallahassee. The food is authentic Cuban Cuisine and the service is great.  If you happen to be in the area and love or want to try Latin food, I recommend that you visit them.
Be prepared to wait an excessive amount of time both to order and to receive your food/drink. Also be prepared to remind your server multiple times for orders they forgot. Make sure your check is correct and doesn't include items ordered but never received. Food is mediocre to good.
Great cuban cuisine.  Superb service. I may have found my new favorite place to get a cuban sandwich.
Food was great.  Crazy fast service.  Prices were so friggin reasonable.  Could have made a meal off appetizers alone.   All In all was outstanding.
OMG! The pulled pork is to die for. Have you tried the steak sandwich yet? All that deliciousness for around $8? It's a steal!
The best Cuban food in Tallahassee...not that there's much competition. Location, atmosphere and staff are all fine. Nothing special but I have no complaints either. Let's review the food. Appetizers: good shells on the empanadas but not a fan of chicken or beef fillings. Great tamales. Sandwich: Good Cuban. Entrees: only place in town with chicken Milanese (chicken, ham, cheese). Sauce is a little too sweet. Dessert: some of the best Tres leches I've ever had.
Food was awesome. Im an Italian not customized to Cuban cuisine but I would have gone back a second night in a row-- it was that good. If you think Gordos is the best Cuban in Tallahassee, you're missing out!! Huge portions. Vaca Frita in mojo sauce with dirty rice and sweet plantains or my boyfriend, the Cuban, had ropa veija, both highly recommended. Very small, simple restaurant -- probably a great takeout option too.
The Fat Guys review: Habana's Boardwalk Last week we had a less than fulfilling experience at Carlos' Cuban Café - we still had the craving for something really Cuban. Habana's is a newcomer located in one end of a strip mall on Mahan at Capital Circle. We arrived early - 5:30'ish. The sun was setting and streaming through blinds at the west end of the dining room, One problem (though short lived) was there is no way to close the blinds, and almost all of the tables will be in the bright light. The dining room is simple, but very inviting. We were promptly greeted by Omar, who turned out to be knowledgeable about the menu and Cuban food in general (he hails from Miami). The Friday Night Dinner Club members - there are four of us - have different tastes, so it generally works out that we all order something different. Tonight was no different. My choice was Vaca Frita, the night's special. Omar said it was every night's special because it was so frequently ordered. Vaca Frita is stir fried shredded beef with grilled onions and seasonings. For sides I chose tostones (fried plaintain) and moors (black beans and rice cooked together). The beef was wonderfully tasty and well seasoned, while the onions had the char flavor from grilling, perfect for my taste. Fat Guy 2 tried the Masitas de Puerco, fried pork chunks, and sided his with steamed veggies and plantanos maduros (sweet fried plaintain). The pork was pronounced a winner; the veggies were not steamed to mush as is usual in many establishments. FG2's partner decided on the Bistek Empanizado, thin steak breaded and fried. The steak was judged very well. Tostones proved to be a bit dry for her taste, but good beans and rice was well done. FG1's date chose the Pechuga de Pollo a la Plancha. This is chicken breast done on the grill will grilled onions. Slightly overdone, but nonetheless said to be quite tasty, we'd order this again. Maduros (sweet plaintain) were excellent; black beans and rice (a favorite of this taster) were done just right, perfectly seasoned, and not mushy. We all thoroughly enjoyed the food and atmosphere at Habana's. Good food, an excellent server with detailed knowledge of the menu, and a pleasant dining room, what more does one need for a great evening dinner? We highly recommend Habana's, and will return.
To begin, a 3.5 stars would probably be more accurate, but, alas, it is not a possibility. Coming from town on hwy 90 (Mahan) this is in what I believe is called "Mahan Center" which is a little before the intersection with Capital. I had the Mar y Tierra, which consisted of steak and shrimp (though can be ordered with chicken) with sides of moros (beans and rice) and sweet plantains.  We finished with a tres leches for dessert.  I thought the meal was pretty standard.  Good, but nothing stood out about it, though I DID find the plantains to be super scrumptious. The waiter was very attentive and helpful (though we were one of maybe 4 occupied tables). I think one of the main things that kept this from the 4th star was the prices.  While the food was very good, it wasn't exceptional and ~11-15 dollars for an entrée at a Cuban restaurant seems on the high end to me. All-in-all it was a good experience and I would definitely give it another try. On a side note, they provided me with my first experience with beer from Nicaragua! (Toña)
Would have given it 3.5 stars if that were possible. Food was good. Service was efficient but our appetizer took longer than would have been good, with the entrees coming out in reasonable time. Ambience was ok, considering this is in a strip mall. We'll probably go again sometime.
Plantanas maduros are the best in town!  I liked their black beans, but they could have had more garlic.  The pork and onions I had was great.   Just disappointed my seat had me looking at a Marco Rubio for Senate bumper sticker in the kitchen.  The clientele didn't look like a bunch of teabaggers so maybe there's hope.
Ok we entered a empty restaurant with plenty of seating and a very good waitress. We tried chicken cutlet with black beans and rice and of course had to try the Cuban. All things considered we could have made it at home with same results so have to give max 3 stars...after looking at the menu no real reason to go back. The place is clean and we'll run...just not much else going on.
I've eaten here three times and I've yet to be disappointed. Start with an appetizer or two - the ham croquetas are delicious and taste just like what I remember in the Caribbean. The chicken empanadas are not to be missed either, but if you're not the adventurous type the pan y mantequilla (bread and butter) is cheap enough and delicious. For the main courses, if you're in the mood for something light (lunch fare) then my favorite is the Media Noche, a traditional Cuban sandwich served on sweet bread. For dinner I'm a bigger fan of the very well seasoned ropa vieja or the masitas, though the last time I had the latter they were a bit too dry. The maduros (sweet plantains) are not to be missed. For dessert they've got two huge winners - a thick and creamy flan and my new favorite, churros con helado - which gives you a scoop of vanilla ice cream and a churro cut into fourths. Truly good Cuban food - best in Tallahassee.
Family had a fabulous meal with something for everyone. Delicious chicken and beef empanadas served with a nice sauce made for a great appetizer. Our daughter had a tasty Cuban sandwich and a basic side salad. Healthy portions. She did not finish either. My parents had the same dish - Filletillo Salteada - one with beef the other with chicken. Delicious and made better only by the sides....black beans, plantains, tostones and mixed veggies. They ate everything on the plate. I had the spicy chipotle pork chops with flavorful garbanzo bean soup and sweet plantains. Fantastic. A couple glasses of wine or a Mexican beer topped off a perfect night. Great place for lunch too. Best Cuban in town.
Bistek entree was pretty tough. Steamed vegetables were obviously out of frozen bag. French fries the same. Sweet plantains were very mushy. Pulled pork dish was kind of hard to eat due to excess fat pieces. The actual meat was tasty though. Probably won't go again.
Okay, here's the deal: I'm going to tell you cretins about this place, and I want you to go there.  A lot. But: only when it's not full, you get me?  If you get there and there's only one table left (or none at all), you leave, instantly, got it? Because if I'm not there yet, that's *my* table. Also, I don't want the place crammed if I'm in there, or clamoring patrons freaking out the staff.  So, no packing the place, get it? However, if there are tables, you go.  In fact, go now and check, just to make sure.  I'll wait. Here's why: this place is AWESOME.  Truly incredible. Look at my other reviews.  I'm not not what you'd call a 'generous' reviewer like that Bertie woman who's only been to two restaurants ever that were less than STELLAR, LIKE AWESOME AND WOW!!! Tallahassee is filled with swill joints.  Serve it cheap, serve it fast, and cram a lot of it in there and the drunk freshmen will love you for it.  Or else we've got Cypress and Urbane's, which are nice, yeah, but nowhere worth the coin.  If it wasn't for the Miami legislative delegation they'd be gone. What we don't have a lot of are places to get a good bite at a reasonable price.  We've got most of the chains, but a man can only take so much of the Bonefish, and we mob those places here anyway, so you end up waiting an hour...for Bonefish.  Really? And, I enjoy Cuban food when it's done well.  Gordo's is not an example of that.  Carlos' was okay, kinda, but not really.  And you can see how well it's doing now. This place (Habana's)...I've never had a bad meal there.  In fact, I've never had less than a stellar meal there.  And I don't think I've dropped more than $15/person there yet, which makes it damn near free!  I'm sure the time is coming, and I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop, but as of now, these people are simply incredible. I'd list off the stuff I've had there but it wouldn't matter, it's all excellent.  The sandwiches are excellent, best Cubano I've ever had, and I spend a lot of time in south Florida.  The specials are excellent.  The cafe con leche is excellent. The two 'worst' things I've had there are the flan (it's not bad, just served a smidge too cold.  It was still very good) and the home-made plantain chips, which needed just a little salt.  See?  That's the worst I could come up with.  'Slightly too cold' and 'needs salt'.  I let the flan warm while I sipped the cafe, and there are salt shakers on the table. And this makes me nervous...this is *exactly* the sort of place Tallahassee won't support.  Good food, reasonably priced, not a chain, and short on pretension.  Doesn't seem to have a full bar.  Not near campus.  No stupid schtick. So I'm worried, and I'm risking people reading this and obeying, and going to eat there, potentially making me wait to eat, or screwing the place up from overcrowding, because I need the joint to stay in business. So again, here's the deal: go and eat there.  Now is preferable.  But if when you get there it's full, leave.  Just turn around and try again in an hour.  There's a mall a few miles away, it's got a movie theater.  But don't cram the place up.  I'd say you could check to see if I'm there already, but you won't know what my car looks like, or if I'm even in that car that day, and I don't want it to be jammed when I'm in there anyway.  So just don't risk it. Alternatively, I travel a lot.  You could send me a message in Yelp and I'll make a list of people I'll tell when I'm out of town, then you can slam the place.  Trust me, once you go, you'll go back. But if I go, and I have to wait for a table when I'm trying to get my fix on and one of you people is standing between me and it, well, I'm slashing tires.  Why risk that? So I'm letting you heathens in on my secret go-to place.  Support it!  But not until after I've been there for the day.
There's a new restaurant is town, Tallahassee! Cuban food is becoming the rage these days and Habana's moved into the new little strip mall on the corner of Mahan Drive and Capital Circle just 3 months ago. Already it is attracting  attention. Today was my first day, as I had my eye out for it, I was distracted by the sign which highlighted "Broadwalk" and I wasn't sure if that was the place or not. On closer inspection, I saw the words "Cuban Restaurant" under the title. That was the place alright! The friendly waitress recommended the Pan Con Ropa Vieja sandwich on Cuban bread and I chose a side of Plantanos Maduros to accompany it. Whooo-eeee! It was great! The shredded beef is cooked at a low temperature for hours so that it is so tender it melts in your mouth. The sauce, green peppers and onions compliment the taste so that you want more, more, more! The plantains were sweet and fried just right!  This is definitely someplace I will recommend to others and will frequent again. Although it is small (seats about 100), and simple, the food is what will draw one to come here to eat and return again and again. Congratulations to the owners, who also have a Peruvian restaurant, Las Brasas, right down the way on Apalachee Pkway. That will be my next stop!
I have been to Habana's twice and will not return.  Both times the service was slow ( with no excuse-was not a peak time) and the food was so disappointing. I was really  looking forward to a good Cuban place in town but, sadly, this was not it.
Awesome Cuban food! I've eaten at every Cuban restaurant in Tallahassee and this place is definitely the most legit one and it is freaking delicious! Good prices, amazing flan
Good Cuban food in Tallahassee? Actually in the mist of all the BBQ, mexican, and typical college town restaurants there is actually some good food. I love Cuban food but I'm spoiled because I have lots of family in Miami and that's the reason I can't give 5 stars. I'd recommend this restaurant to all. Great prices, big portions and nice atmosphere. Also there is a dominoes table outside :) I go back to Tallahassee every 8 weeks for work and will definitely go back. I wish this place was open when I went to school.
I had the picadillo with fried yucca.  The picadillo was watery and flavorless.  The fried yucca was good especially the dipping sauce that came with it. I've only had one thing there, so I can't speak for the entire menu.  There are better Cuban places in Tallahassee.
I really wanted to like this place because the staff were so friendly, but it just didn't fit the bill.  I have a certain taste for South Florida Cuban food...this tasted weird!  My pollo ala plancha was covered in garlic salt and tough.  The black beans were sweet and the rice was dry.  I'm starting to understand the ethnic void that is Tallahassee!  I'll keep trying!
Pork dish was very very very dry and tasteless. Moros were good although seemed not to be freshly prepared. Sweet plantains were good but also not freshly cooked. The pulled pork was much better. Flavorful and moist. Service was excellent.
Best Cuban in town(and my new favorite in town).  I drove by this place for a couple years before going there on a whim.   I now go regularly.  Authentic Cuba.  Well prepared fresh food at a great price.  The "Vaca Frita"  is totally wonderful. I had it over three times already.  I recently tried the "Pescado Habanero", sound hot which it is not, but it is very tasty.  I never had Yuca before, but I enjoy their boiled Yuca w/ the traditional  garlic-lime-oil.  I usually try one the funky Cuban sodas with the meal and end the meal with a Cuban coffee.   One of the best values in town.  I give it 5 yums-up.
We were looking for a place to grab dinner on a Saturday night and decided to finally try Habana's Boardwalk mainly because of its close location. The food was spectacularly sub par and I'm disappointed that we spent that much money on something that could have been made from home for a fraction of the price. Both the fried yucca and the cubano sandwich were oddly cold and the vegetable side brought out (which costs $3.50 if you buy it separate from a platter) was the garden variety frozen veggie mix of broccoli, cauliflower, and carrots. The service was fast, but so fast it made me realize that all of our food was most likely microwaved. We will not be returning.
This place is fantastic. My wife and I both love it. Better than Gordo's, better than Black Bean Café, just really really good Cuban food. The thought of their Lechon and Moros makes my mouth water.  Add some plantains and a Negro Modello and you're in business.  Seriously, we've been there several times and the experience was always great.  Our out of town guests really liked it as well.
This was a nice meal before heading back to the West Coast. I had the Lechon, Moros, and Tostones.  It was pretty good and the price was reasonable for the portion. Surprising quality for a restaurant in a strip mall.
I like the food is good better then any other restaurant  "spanish" food in Tally and that are actually Cuban that cook it..
I wish I could give 4 or 5 stars, because it was a neat place. But the lechon was seriously lacking in flavor. I also had white rice, black beans and yucca fries. The side orders were great. But the main attraction, which was the pork, I had to add a good amount of salt and pepper to, in order to make it enjoyable. Not cool. Overall though, good experience. Fast and friendly service, reasonable prices.
Great place for lunch...get there early or you may have to wait. Good cubans and black and rice.
I was visiting from California last month and wanted authentic Cuban food. This was not the place! The girl at the front is so rude and lacking of any basic customer service skills. She stood over us annoyed, I realized later it was because we arrived 30 minutes before their closing time, she was annoyed to have to serve past close time. Regardless I ordered the Lechon and fried plantains. The plantains were ok but the Lechon was not the business, no flavor, the veggies were chewy, and rice was hard. It was also obvious that the staff is not Cuban, they were obviously Mexican and I noticed the food tastes more Mexican than Cuban. I wish I would have gone elsewhere as being in Florida I feel cheated not to have found real authentic Cuban food. Coño!!
only real cuban food in tallahassee
