Nice place and good pizza.  Had a double run & coke for $ 3.00.  Can't beat it.  Ordered the bruschetta which was very good with the drizzled balsamic glaze.  It was very good. Also ordered a medium Hawaiian pizza that we shared between two of us and it was very good and more than enough for both of us. You girl who served us was very polite and curious.  Overall very good and would not hesitate in returning.
Not too sure why this place only has 3 starts. Definietly deserves four or five stars however the wait is a bit long. The actual pizza is INCREDIBLE though!!!! I've only gone here twice and both times were sooo good. The calzones were really delicious and huge so I was able to take the second half month for lunch! The pizza itself is sooo yummy and delicious. The crust is probably the best crusts I've ever had. So fresh and delicious. I tried the Mediterranean pizza and man, let me tell you..it's good. I'm normally all over regular pizza with tomato sauce but this pizza was a refreshing change. It had so much flavor and was way better than I expected. Can't wait to go back here! However, it is a bit expensive and obnoxious that you can't order a slice of pizza however you want it. Only by the pie but oh well still worth it and totally mouth watering.
I'm not from the north Florida area so when I went up there for business, I never thought I'd come upon this gem of a place.   There were 6 of us in the group and everyone wanted to try something different.  The wait staff was pleasant and accommodating.  Each of us got a half a pizza that sounded good and then we shared.   The Thai dye and Kosmic Karma pizzas were killer! The toppings were awesome, the crust was great! This place beat Momo's pizza hands down and I'd go back in  a heart beat.   Thank you, Mello Mushroom!
I don't care for this place.  The service here was ridiculous, though the food was decent. To be fair, the food is maybe a 3.5-4 ( fairly good), but to me, service and food is a 50/50 balance for an eatery, and the service was more than terrible here. Some pros: Vegetarian options, varied and well thought out menu. A friend ordered a pizza and received it with loads of parmasan cheese she didn't order--because cannot eat it.  It was okay though, we tried to just have it sent back for a new pie.  Instead, the server was convincing her not to do it because it would "take too long."  I ordered a salad and the mushrooms were filthy with dirt specs.  Which was okay too, we just wanted a salad with clean mushrooms.  Instead she just brought us a salad with no mushrooms because "they're all coming from the same bunch anyway." Last straw, I ordered two bottled beers and it took her 20 minutes to even throw me a glance, which I had to use to remind her I ordered beers.  She then returned with the incorrect beers.   I'm sorry, but this server girl was just focused on serving her buddies.  Had she gotten our order right the first time around, it would have been an easy service.  Or, she could have apologized instead of rolling her eyes at me for trying to get the correct food and drinks I ordered.   Beware of FSU servers more focused on socializing than trying to get a simple order correct.  I hardly complain, but this was terrible.  Also, I'm not an older lady, I'm in my mid twenties so i know what it's like to be young and social, but don't forget what your job is.
My first experience with Mellow mushroom pizza, was at this location. After picking my wife up from work, we decided to go after hearing all the countless recommendations from friends and the like. Man were we disappointed. The service was awful. We were getting our pizza to go, and first we waited at the counter for 10 minutes before the cashier even took our order. Then when we finally did order we proceeded to sit there and wait another 70 minutes tor our order. Finally my wife asked what the wait was, and we could hear one of the cooks says "We put that order out 40 minutes ago". Well needless to say we didn't get it.......after searching, it was discovered that somebody put the pizza on top of a refrigerator instead in the pick up window. There it sat for 30 minutes until it got stone cold. Upset we asked for another pizza, that was whipped up relatively quickly in 15 minutes. Aggravated, but somewhat satisfied we left. After our 1 1/2 hour long adventure getting dinner, we were starving, so we cracked the pizza open in the car and to our suprise and dismay, it was cold, and tasted like it had been sitting out. We were suspicious that they just reheated the other pizza and gave it back to us, but too hungry and aggravated to deal with them anymore, we just left and stopped at Panera on the way home.
Excellent! Quick service and fresh food. We got the spinach salad and house calzone.  We will be back!
This is the 4th or 5th Mellow Mush I have visited. I can testify that the pizza lives up to the chain's reputation - great. Again, for a college town, the beer list was horrible, absolutely horrible. The one decent beer they did have on tap, Guinness, was poured like a Pabst Blue ribbon.  #FAIL The service was decent.  The girls behind the bar were more interested in gossiping than keeping our glasses full, and again were eager to hand us the check.  They were pleasant and polite, just frequently absent. We did go 2 days in a row, and were not disappointed as we knew what to expect.  Go for the food, not the beer or service.
Sit AT the bar for the best service. Good apps, good pizza, and decent beers on tap.
We are not from N. Fla. But were up for a graduation and spent a wonder fee weekend in Tallahassee.  This was one of the places picked for lunch and everyone enjoyed everything that was ordered.  The service was good.  The food was good.  Who could ask for anything more.  We all left very happy.
Let me preface this review by saying that Mellow Mushroom has good food. I am taking 3 stars off this particular location because I am so disappointed with how they are representing the company as a whole and how much the place has gone down hill. I used to come to this location a lot when I was attending FSU. My friends and I have a lot of happy memories here and have never had any problems in the past. I was in town visiting my alma mater and some friends when my fiancé and I decided to pop in for a bite. The place was very busy. Turned out it was bingo night. (The bingo was fun, though it did seem to take quite a while to call each "number.") We were seated in a back corner room where there was one other couple and two men seated at a secondary bar. It seemed the staff had forgotten about us periodically, though the men at the bar (who arrived after us) were served quite quickly and received regular attention. Our server was Kelly. Kelly was very nice and did the best she could in the busy situation, making us not mind the long waits. We had the Magic Mushroom Soup and a custom calzone, and bother were very tasty. She offered us dessert, but we politely declined. It was a long but enjoyable dinner. Were this our only experience at the restaurant on our trip, this review would be very different. But we decided to return the following evening when our July 4th plans got rained out. Our server this time was Molly. This server was an expert at avoiding eye contact. We were seated directly next to the counter, yet it took forever for her to come over just to get our order. Every time she came over, she seemed to be repressing an attitude like waiting on us was this big inconvenience. We ordered the soup again and a small pizza. The table behind us was seated after us, had more people, and was served before us. Unlike the previous night, the restaurant was nearly empty. You would think the service would be quicker. Hahaha, no. It was slower! Additionally, the manager was walking around with his stomach hanging out, and I kept averting my eyes. Based on other reviews I see here, this was not a one-time issue. It's not that I have a problem with larger people as I used to be one. However, when you're working around peoples' food, no part of your midsection should be exposed no matter if you're a size 0 or a size 50. The manager decided to change the channel we were watching during the excessively long wait for our food despite the program being right in the middle of the competition it had been building up to for 45 minutes. The small crowd in the restaurant groaned at the change and shouted "change it back" and such, but he put on what he felt like watching. I think it was some Charlie's Angels rerun or something. When Molly finally brought us our check, not having offered us a box for our leftovers or any dessert as servers are supposed to do, I put my card in the jacket immediately and put the folder in a very obvious spot on the corner of our table right next to the counter and the register where Molly was. I checked the time stamp on the check. It took nearly 20 minutes for Molly to come back and pick up the folder to charge us! We tried to grab her attention several times, but, as stated, she avoiding looking anywhere in our direction. After all of this, I could see that painfully slow service had become the standard at this location. The waitresses seem to just hang around behind the counter and chat with each other or people at the bar. Folks at tables are less important and can wait. Not at all what I remember from my college years. This location now reflects poorly on the Mellow Mushroom chain. While I certainly don't want to see it closed, some serious changes need to be made. As a customer, I can vouch that the current state of service at this establishment is discouraging me from spending money here. TL;DR: What happened, Mellow Mushroom of Tallahassee? You used to be cool.
Good Gluten Free pizza with tons of toppings to choose from, not like the pre-built GF pizzas some chains have! I went on a rainy Tuesday night, but I bet it's a more fun weekend spot. FYI: My visit here was in December 2010...
Friendly staff and great pizza.  Love the porch!
Many years ago I came here and had unbelievably horrible service. I didn't come back for a while but due to some social pressures I've returned. The service still sucks (it sucks less but still..) however the drinks and the cost associated with them don't. The pizza/sandwiches look and taste wonderful after a long wait in the kitchen and the bingo is fun too. I wouldn't come here on purpose unless I was heading to the bar.
Mmm..My faves- Kosmic Karma and Magical Mystery Tour!! Love all their pizzas and the crust is the best!
Pizza is good but expensive.  Beer selection is good.   It's a nice meal but doesn't blow me away.
I liked the pizza, but the prices aren't the best and service is TERRIBLE! Our server ignored us for a football game and to chat it up with some blonde chicks. This place is far from being mellow, which is why I'll probably never eat there again.
MM continues to be the best chain pizza place in the USA in my opinion.  Excellent pizza and salads.  All ingredients fresh and tasty.  Tallahassee location is up to par with the rest.  Right in the shadows of Doak Campbell Stadium too.  Go Noles!!!
Great beer and pizza. Get the pretzel.
I like the Pizza here and it is near FSU and Capitol.
Always great pizzas! Friendly effecient staff too.....
Pizza is good, however they do charge a little more than it's worth at times. Not the greatest but is definitely worth the time. Been there twice, good service and food is always fresh out the oven.
Good pizza with original toppings but simply not worth the price.
Angry and sick pizza lover here! First off, this is my first review. I am not one to send my food back regularly and complain, or write anything angsty anywhere really. I believe in good karma and trying to stay positive. I'm only really writing this to warn other Vegans and those with allergies like mine, in hopes to prevent them from experiencing the symptoms I did after eating here. This was on 9/28 around 4 PM. I have some serious food allergies and thoroughly explained this to my waitress. She assured me their crust was vegan, dairy-free and gluten-free... however my body knows the difference, especially since I've cut the dairy out of my diet I seem to be way more sensitive to it. I can always tell when I've consumed it accidentally. After I left, my tongue/throat became numb and swollen, a painful, tingly red rash appeared around my mouth, headache, tummy ache and nausea followed. I'm still feeling sick while I write this and it's about 3 a.m. Mellow Mushroom should either handle their food more properly?? OR, be honest about their ingredients. Not only that, they got my order wrong when we were the only patrons in there! They had to make my "vegan" pie twice. (this was the pizza makers fault, not the servers. It was also apparent the guys tossing dough were not at all happy to be at work... and one kept stepping away to use his phone). Really scary to be honest. Someone even more allergic to dairy than me may try a slice and end up seriously ill. So straighten up! Someone could get really hurt. And you've lost this cheeseless pie lover and her boyfriend to Decent Pizza now :(
First off, let me set the record straight!  Mellow mushroom has great food and an enticing array of beers, but..... THE SERVICE IS AWEFUL!!!  I went to mellow mushroom saturday night for a late dinner with my boyfriend and a friend.  Although it was the first game day of fsu football season, we didn't arrive until around 9:30 and by that point the dinner rush had ended and there were many open tables throughout the restaurant.  I had tried to call around 9pm to see how busy they were, but after several attempts to contact them over the course of an hour, I only got a busy signal.  It seemed they took the phone off the hook!!!!  We decided to go anyway and check it out.  Upon arriving at m.m. We were seated by a waitress in a hurry!  Since we were seated in the center of the restaurant we had a clear view of our waitress running around like a chicken with her head cut off!!!  When she finally stopped at our table to take our drink dorder, out of breath and scatterbrained, she had no  idea of what was on tap or even available.  Five minutes later she delivered our beers spilling as much as was served and too top it off, my friend's beer was not at all what he ordered!  Lauren buzzed up to our table to take our dinner orders, when her attention turned to my bf, he asked her about the proportions and how many people the pizzas could feed.  She laughed and responded, "uuggghh, I don't know?!?".  As I proceeded to avoid drama and place my order, she interrupted me by running across the restaurant to yell at a coworker that was attempting to seat customers in an empty section!  Returning, without even an apology, Lauren finally took my order.  The bathrooms were disgusting, no toilet paper, urine and trash covering the floor!  The only person that could have been the manager was sloppily dressed, and when he attempted such simple tasks as refreshing the ice maker, his HUGE stomach hung out freely!  Wow, what a dinner this was!
The pizza's are not good by any measure, they have a funky taste to them sort of a combination of burned garlic and ashes. It's weird and I thought it was only me until my friends confirmed they tasted it too. They do have a good variety of pizza topping selection but still it doesn't do it for me. The service is ok. I'd rather go to Momo's.
I will never, ever go here ever again. I won't get into it, but I asked to see the manager on Saturday, not because I had a problem (at that point), but to ask him a question,  so it's not like I was being a jerk. The hostess, who was hands down the rudest person I have ever encountered, told me she "couldn't find him anywhere," however, at that point, he was sitting right next to her and then in the 20 minute span we were waiting for a table, he walked by us 8 times... I know she saw him. She didn't want to get him or help us, so she just didn't. I understand game days are busy, but you need to learn to buck up and be a little more helpful and friendly. As a result, they lost our business twice that day (we had planned to go back following the game, but after hearing our experience, no one wanted to) and basically, forever. NOT WORTH IT, GO TO MO MO'S!!
I've been craving pizza for weeks now, so when my friends suggested we check out Mellow Mushroom for dinner, I was more than willing to comply. When we arrived we were quickly seated and a server was with us within a couple minutes. I was unfortunately, unpleasantly surprised when I looked at the menu. Although everything sounded delicious, it wasn't expecting the high prices to go with it. If your looking to be economical, your best bet is to split a pizza with your friends. My two friends and I split a 14" Medium Pizza, which left us with two slices each, which was more than enough. If you are looking to get your own individual pizza, look to spend closer to $13 with tip and tax. The individual pizza's looked delicious, and I'm sure I would've had leftovers if I had ordered one. It's a fun atmosphere with lots of Seminole Pride displayed on the walls. Although the prices were a little higher than I had hoped my overall experience was a positive one, and the pizza was delicious.
