Not my favorite Bonefish bc of location but the bang bang shrimp don't know they are in an old strip mall bc they are just as awesome as any other Bonefish that I have been to.  Seared Tuna, calamari, crab cakes, and all the other faves you go to Bonefish for.  Inside you wouldn't know you weren't in Ponte Vedra, my favorite bonefish :)
This Bonefish was absolutely great. Not only did they take our large party last minute but the service was impeccable.
David and I went for dinner a few weeks ago and we got tuna for dinner.  It was very strong tuna.  I could not eat it. When we mentioned it to the waitress her solution was to bring us some lemon.  Still couldn't eat it. For the price, expected better quality food.
Not a fan of chain restaurants In general but always have a decent meal here and they are one of the, if not THE, only restaurant open late. Bang bang shrimp are basically rock shrimp tempura from Nobu... but cheaper. Ambiance is nice in the bar area with good lighting. Can be a bit noisy but that is good when you have a fussy infant with you.
Had lunch here a couple of times. The one thing that stands out is Jen's Jamaican Coconut Pie with rum sauce. It is so good I'll be back just for that. The key lime pie is good also.
Me and my girlfriend went to bonefish. It was terrible for the first time. They were out of three items that we tried to order. My food was burnt. They brought her food out to her and then brought mine 10 minutes later. I had to get up and go to back to get a refill on tea. This is the first time I've had a bad experience at bonefish. I will try again in a couple of months.
Food is good. We normally sit in the bar area. However you will need a warm jacket no matter the time of year.  The place is a ice box.   We will not be back anytime soon since they can never seem to get the temperature right.
The food, martinis, and service are out of this world.  I always get the sea bass.  Usually other people in my party try other things and we taste share...everything is delicious.  I highly recommend this restaurant.  They also take reservations and are very capable of handling parties of 15-20 people.  You can't go wrong with this restaurant.
The food and service are generally good. My youngest really likes the kids fish-n-chips, and, good, because, she usually doesn't like fish. Last visit we had either a crab or lobster Rangoon appetizer that was outstanding - amazingly good compared to what you may be familiar with from the typical Chinese buffet.   On the down side, I find some of the food too salty, which to me is a problem with many restaurants and can be used to cover up mediocre cooking, but, they may be just trying to appeal to the largest segment of the American market, already conditioned to too much salt. Overall, it's a pretty good place to eat; often crowded - there are surprisingly few seafood restaurants in the area - but, you can, and should make a reservation. I would really give it 3-1/2 stars if that were possible.
Typical Bonefish Grille like all other locations. This location had good quality food and the service was phenomenal. Definitely worth coming back. The prices are a little higher than most restaurants but the seafood is always top notch and very fresh.
BANG BANG SHRIMP---'Nuff Said. I love this place although it's terribly slow.  I have to be in a European frame of mind to take this long to eat!
This is my mom's favorite restaurant. We went on a Thursday night, arriving around 7:30 and I was surprised that we had to wait 45 minutes to be seated. When we were seated the service was competent and the food was pretty good. My brother got a steak and it came out overcooked, but they brought a new one out pretty quickly. I can't quite place it, but there's something that left me not quite sold on the place. At $120 for four people (no alcohol), it didn't quite hit the sweet spot on my personal value meter. I guess what gets me is that there just isn't anything unique or exciting on their menu. We had four dishes and all of them were well prepared, but I still don't feel inspired. I can't explain it. By the way... why is the waiter wearing a chef's outfit? Is he going to cook our food? No ... I didn't think so. Hey, I have an idea, why don't we dress them as waiters?
Put simply, this Bonefish is a disappointment.  I've had three meals there, and each one had shortcomings.  Twice, I had to wait about 15 mintues for a table despite having a reservation.  In neither instance was I offered an apology.   Everything else about the restaurant is fine, but largely forgettable.  The service is alright.  The food is alright (although I think they over-sauce their dishes)... but in the end, nothing distinguishes itself.  I've never had a bad dish, but I've never had a really good one, either.  Seafood dises are the feature obviously, but they have other protein as well.   The atmosphere feels more upscale than most chain restaurants.  In general, I think it's overpriced, because there just isn't a good return on food quality and service.
Despite the length of time Bonefish has been here I made my first visit last night. The Friday Night Dinner Club has had to make some adjustments to our schedules due to other commitments (I went to my NC cabin for 4 weeks). Back to BfG -- I usually don't care for strip mall restaurants, but the reputation of BfG was pretty good. We are two couples, and we both took advantage of the dinner for two for $36. Three ordered salmon, and I had scallops and shrimp, one each Bang Bang Shrimp and Fried Calamari app. First a comment on service -- I'm not sure of the concept here, but one person took our order, one drinks, another delivered apps, a different one delivered salads, two delivered the entrees -- I wasn't sure who was on for our table. A minor issue, really, until.... The small carafe of red wine was dumped at the place setting of one companion. The resulting mess was wiped up, but the soaked paper table covering was left in place for the service. Accidents happen, to be sure, but at a restaurant at this price point I fully expect the table would be reset with new paper (paper for an $18 dinner is a bit odd, too). Warm bread and herbed olive oil for dipping arrived, and was quite tasty. The appetizers arrived, and both were the calamari. The server disappeared, and it was a few minutes before we could catch a server's attention to get the error corrected (should have been a Bang Bang Shrimp). The correct appetizer arrived, and was judged okay. Not outstanding, and way too much (albeit good) saucing. The calamari was deemed okay, but went unfinished. Three grilled Authentic (?) Norwegian Salmon entrees were done well. Chimichurri sauce was rather flavorless, a disappointment. Requested lemon arrived well into the service, my companions salmon nearly finished. Based on the Bang Bang Shrimp saucing, I requested the mango salsa on the side. The three shrimp and three sea scallops were cooked well, the prominent flavor the char of the fire grilling. Mango salsa was, like the chimichurri, bland. Steamed broccoli was excellent, done just tender crisp. Potatoes au gratin and sauteed spinach also were well done. Our opinion -- very pricey for the quality of the food, marginal overall service, and probably not up to a second visit. There are better options for seafood in this area and better values.
The food was amazing here! The staff quickly had my child's food and our "Bang Bang Shrimp" appetizer to us right away. The Bang Bang Shrimp is Amazing! There was a mixup and our food took a long time to get to us. We were traveling and it was taking much longer than anticipated. The waiter told us about the mistake and said we would get our food soon. The manger brought our food out personally and apologized for the delay. We explained our frustration and that that we still had a three hour drive. We we slightly irritated until my wife and I took our first bites. The food was SO SO good and tasted wonderful! I ordered steak and lobster tail and this was the best I had ever had. The steak was perfectly cooked and the lobster just delectable. After my first bite I was in heaven and I had forgotten about any delay. I was so happy and told the waiter. We had creme brûlée for desert and that was the best! The amazing part was when our bill came out and it was $6. The manager had comped all our hot food because of the mixup. We tried to pay the entire bill because we were so happy with the meal, but they wouldn't let us. We left a large tip and left very happy. We will be returning every time we are in Tallahassee, FL
Enjoyed the decor- definitely disguises the strip mall location. Comfortable and warm setting.  Seating and service were prompt and attentive, albeit a bit automatic and stale.  Drink menu offers a wide range of interesting martinis, house inspired cocktails and wines both by the glass and bottle.  Beer selection was a bit limited in light of the breadth of the other drink offerings.   Server was a bit uninspired.  Tried to solicit advice on specialities both with regard to the food and beverage but did not get a great deal of insight on either front.  Did follow the suggestion on the bang bang shrimp, wish I hadn't.  Can't believe this is a signature dish.  Given that you are within 30 miles of the Gulf of Mexico with some of the finest shrimp in the world, you would think that shrimp would be the highlight of the dish.  Unfortunately, the shrimp lacked texture and were without flavor, however they were drowned in a sauce/paste that would seem more appropriate at a low end chain Chinese restaurant.  Caesar Salad was well executed the greens were crisp and the dressing well balanced.  The calamari was good.   The entrees at our table were cold to warm on service.  The tuna special with sun dried tomatoes and goat cheese was very lackluster.  Ordered rare, so I was not totally upset that it was cold, however the color was something that warranted concern - kind of a gray/ brown rather than a ruby red that one might expect- weird for a special at a restaurant that specializes in fish right?  The best dish of the table surprisingly was the Anglers Steak (a sirloin). It was nicely grilled and surprisingly tender for a sirloin cut.  Other diners at the table complained of their fish being served cold and the sauce overwhelming the delicate fish flavors.   Overall a pleasant enough experience, but definitely has the generic feel, execution and taste of a chain.  For the money I would try out some of the smaller independent restaurants where the staff and kitchen are a bit more engaged with the food and diners.
Several years ago, my partner and I came to Bonefish to celebrate our anniversary. The ambiance was quiet and upscale, the server was impressively professional, and the food was delicious, with elegant presentation. Last night, we returned with our daughter to celebrate her birthday. The server was not wearing a name tag, and I don't recall her introducing herself, a pet peeve of mine. Her service was attentive, I was please to discover. I found the food to be only marginally good. I ordered the fillet mignon, and while it was cooked properly, it looked more like a strip steak, and tasted like it was drown in some type of cheap meat seasoning. Nothing on the menu stated it was seasoned, and frankly, I consider it a cardinal sin to put sauce or dry rub on a steak, especially a fillet! It left a nasty taste in my mouth and gave me reflux all night. The garlic mashed potatoes tasted instant, as if they had been scooped out of a TV dinner tray, and just plopped onto my plate. Presentation was sloppy. The only really edible item on my plate was the steamed broccoli. It was crisp, not soggy, and except for the parts that had the disgusting meat seasoning on it, was very good. My wife ordered the fish and chips, sharing a piece with me. The batter was dripping with grease, and the fish was rather tasteless, I thought. At the end of the meal, I asked about the desserts, but the server reeled them off so quickly, and the place was so noisy, I didn't understand most of what she said, so I just said, "Never mind." I prefer to study a menu without pressure, not have the server continue to repeat it to me. All in all, I was deeply disappointed with the entire meal. I am also puzzled as to why the wait staff wears chef jackets. While the owners may feel it looks professional, I feel that it is insulting to professional chefs, who have worked hard to earn that privilege. The brown craft paper table coverings are also a bit odd, for a restaurant as costly as this one. I'm used to fine dining having elegant table cloths, not paper sheets. Very low class. The location does not have a private parking area, and the public one is difficult to get in and out of. There is no handicapped parking immediately near the restaurant. I have limited mobility, so my wife had to drop me off and find parking elsewhere. This always inconveniences me because after the meal, I'm usually forced to painfully walk back to the car, as traffic is usually too bad to circle around to the front of the building to pick me up. As far as I'm concerned, this will be my last meal at Bone Fish. Their food is nothing special, certainly not worthy of the prices they charge. As we left, I remarked to my wife, "Next time, I'd rather eat at Outback!"
Had the fish sampler for two. It was good. The Tuna App was meh at best.
We make a 6:30pm reservation for a Saturday night. We call to confirm that afternoon, we are told we have a 6pm reservation. Okay, whatever. Early dinner for us, but we show up at 6. 15 minute wait, so we take a seat at the bar. I order a glass of wine, our buzzer goes off, so I go to grab our table while my boyfriend closes the bar tab. We sit at our table, weŕe talking, enjoying our drinks. 20 minutes go by. Not once within those 20 minutes did our server greet us, offer us water--nothing. I keep noticing servers walking past our table, but no one glances our way. Who is serving our section? My boyfriend flags down a male server, and mentions how no one has greeted us. The employee says he will grab us water, so we assume he is not our server, but is helping us out since no one else has. He comes back with the water and asks us what else he can get for us. My boyfriend has to ask him if he is actually our server, because it was kind of strange how we had to flag him down after 20 minutes of being ignored, and no one else has approached our table. He tells us that we are in fact in his section, but that the reason he never greeted us is because he thought we were still the previous couple who had been sitting at that table for the past 2 hours and he had ¨checked out¨ of our table. Never once did he apologize, he just said he will "find a way to make it up to us" but never actually offered anything. My boyfriend had to ask him his name (Ben) because he didnt bother to tell us, so we decided to put in our appetizer order with him, but got so angry that we left the table and went to another restaurant instead. Had a much better time there.
So mom did a lot of cooking this week and it was time to go out and try Tallytown on for size. Bonefish Grill was reviewed in the local rag saying it was a place that took the mystery out of eating fish. WTF there is something mysterious surrounding the eating of fish? I mean rainbow cat sticker jokes aside, are there any big secrets here? Fish swim into nets and bite hooks; we cook them and eat them. Simple. Oh unless you are marketing to a bunch of people that only eat things deep fried. I kid you not; in the south they deep fry EVERYTHING, pickles, Snicker bars and all fishes. OK I'm going off on the South here...sorry back to Bonefish. At first it looks like any other casual family restaurant smack in the middle of a strip mall. Once you sit down and get the opening spiel things start to feel eerily familiar. Somewhat chain like but I can't put my finger on it. Anyways the servers are well trained on all the menu offerings as well as how to sell UN fried fish to a newbie. I chose the macadamia crusted mahi mahi, mom had the swordfish and the bf had mahi mahi with some kind of mango sauce. Each piece of fish was perfectly cooked and massively concealed under overpowering sauces. (Probably developed for the aforementioned newbie)  I just scraped off the sauce and enjoyed the nice flakey moist fish flesh. Wine list is so-so but passable and the desserts should be skipped. All in all it was a welcome alternative to the real local fried fare. Prices are a bit high for the neighborhood but cheap by LA or SF standards. One thing I do like a lot, they seem to have found the best looking youngsters (20sometings) to work the dining room! After a little research that nagging feeling that I had been here before was cooled. Bonefish is loosely related to Roy's Hawaiian.
Ashley did a great job at the bar. Had myself a great meal with great service.
Eh, just another chain restaurant. The waiter was fairly attentive with us, and food quality was alright. My question is why would the wait staff make us wait for 30 minutes when the restaurant is half empty?
Fontina Pork Chop. Words cannot describe the taste. Fontina Cheese, Marsala sauce with Asparagus. The Chop was a full one inch of tender porcine glory. The last bite was as memorable as the first. The Talapia was moist and delicious. Also, my Mahattan was "perfect", and our server, Megan was amazing. Truly an outstanding experience.
I think Bonefish Grill is absolutely fantastic. I've dined there three times since moving to Tallahassee. The last time I went there, I had a fantastic piece of ahi tuna steak with potatoes. I was able to choose the sauce I wanted with it, which was a pan Asian sauce...really great. The service is usually pretty good, but the prices are a little steep for my college budget. Most entrees are $15-30. I'd dress up a little more to go here. Nothing too fancy, but put on some decent slacks.
Excellent food, service and atmosphere. If you are so inclined, try the Georgia Peach Martini -- it's so good!
Nice steaks and sea food, friendly staff. Little expensive but I'll try it again next time I'm in town.
Not a fan of chain restaurants at all since they are so are so corporate and the food is normally straight off the back of a Sysco Truck; but Bonefish is one of the rare exceptions..very few pre-prepared frozen items here as most of the dishes are prepared to order with your choice of sauces and sides..obviously I am not in the minority in this opinion because every Bonefish I have ever been to is packed and this one is no different..no matter what day you come to the Tally Store the wait is between 45 minutes and 2 hours...my advice is to try and grab a seat at the bar and order some appetizers and drinks while you wait for your table...all the appetizers are very good so it's hard to choose between Bang Bang Shrimp.Calamari..Mussels.Crab Cakes..and Waygu Dumplings.the bar itself has lots of good craft beer selections and high end liquors and wines...while in the bar they have 2 nice flat screens to watch whatever game is on or you can just look around at all the beautiful people of Tallahassee..when you finally get your table when the buzzer  goes off there are always good Daily Specials to go along with the regular menu selections..plenty of delicious non-seafood options for the folks who don't like seafood with The Fontina Chops being a standout..service is always pretty competent as well with mostly a college aged staff who tries hard..the only problem I have at Bonefish is that The Dining Room is really loud so it can be very hard to hear what someone on the other side of the table says..all in all no complaints about Bonefish; it's never going to wow ya like Jennifer Lawrence does but it's safe and reliably good like Sandra Bullock....and as bad as the Tally Dining Options are; Sandra is not a bad thing to be in this case
My fiancée and I ate at Bonefish Grill with some friends of ours earlier this evening. She had the fish & chips, the fish was light, buttery, and fresh as well as the chips. I had the shrimp & spinach pasta, it was not the best pasta I had ever had but they gave me plenty of shrimp so it was good though.
We love seafood, and this restaurant offers lots of delicious choices.  They also have beef, pork, and chicken, but seafood is the star.  Be sure to try the Bang Bang shrimp appetizer.  The right music is always playing, the atmosphere is casual but sexy, and the wait staff are always knowledgeable and friendly. It's our Friday night "go to".  However, I should add that we go at 5pm to beat the crowds, which get huge by 6.  Highly recommended.
The service can be a bit slow, but the food is worth it. The specials are always worthwhile, and the chowder is not to be missed.
Excellent food, but --- small portions - $50.00 for food for 2 no drinks so with tip and drinks and an appetizer and desert your looking at $100 for 2.  Very noisy and so so service. Carrabas a better deal for about the same cost and better menu and larger portions
No longer worth the hassle and haven't had any discount cupons lately, so I don't go there any more.
After a full day of hanging at the FAMU college campus for Homecoming activities and enjoying a outside concert in the rain.  My family and I were starving and it was our first time in Tallahassee and we were told that Bonefish was the place to eat.  Luckily, we have a superb navigational system in our car and so we were there in no time.  It was pouring rain outside and we entered the restaurant nearly soaked but thats besides the point. We were seated right away and given our menus.  I'm not a shellfish eater so I immediatley searched for the alternative entree.  My husband ordered a surf and turf plate and we got the calamari (rubbery) and egg rolls (excellent) as appetizers.  I ordered a Georgia Peach martini and my husband got his usual Cadillac Margarita on the rocks.  I got the pork chops which were not done - totally red in the middle - grilled nicely on the outside.  I of course returned it to the kitchen for them to remake and it came out totally dry.  Lets just say I did not enjoy my dinner which sucked because I was starving.  Maybe I chose the wrong entree but I won't be running back to Bonefish anytime soon.  The waiter was nice, very understanding but not enough.  Needless to say, we complained and I got my food for free, I was offered a dessert but I was too pissed.  I really wanted my dinner.  Try this place for yourself, this is my rant.
Top Notch!  This Bonefish Grill knows what it takes to live up to the Bonefish standard. Appetizers, salads, drinks and entrees were all prepared perfectly. Vicky, my server was perfect as well. She was triple-sat and didn't miss a beat!  Thank you Victoria, 10 stars out of 10!
I ate here about a year ago with my parents and a family friend when I visited Tallahassee. As a gluten-free diner it is assuring when a place has a dedicated gluten-free menu. The service was great and the seafood was delicious.
