Best Indian restaurant in Tallahassee. I love this place. They use authentic spices and don't take any shortcuts. Everything is flavorful and amazing.  Even their lunch buffet is super fresh, and everything is cooked with passion. It's better than some of the Indian food I had in India. Also, Mayuri has the advantage of offering a lot of South Indian fare (dosas, idlis, Chettinad curry, etc) that you can't find elsewhere. If you're feeling adventurous, you might want to try their buttermilk drink. Homemade buttermilk mixed with green chillies, scallion, cilantro and masala spices.  I love it, but I realize it's not everybody's cup of tea. Speaking of tea, though, their masala chai is also delicious and very authentic. And they have a nice selection of Indian beers, as well--not only Kingfisher. The staff are extremely friendly and make you feel at home. This is of my favorite places in Tallahassee.
The food and service, even for a buffet, was excellent. I was pleased to see that they did have a goat dish on the buffet, which isn't common as it is a higher priced item. Food was reasonably spiced, and the flavors were vibrant and spot on. I loved every bit of the meal. Went with my wife and two kids, 10 and 7. We were not shown menus, but told to help ourselves to the buffet. Wish I had seen the prices versus the photos online as the buffet was $10.99 for adults and $7.99 for kids. Children over 7 are charged as an adult. Sodas (for the two kids, adults had water) came in a can, and were also quite expensive. I wish they would have told us there were no refills or that they lacked a soda station in the back. $50+ (including a tip) for lunch for us was a of a shocker. I will definitely be back, as the food was great, but I know what to expect price wise.
Year ago this is use to be my choice of Indian restaurant in town but over time they lost the taste and quality of food they once had. They reuse their oil in Frier-God knows how many times. There is one incident 3 months ago I ordered chilli bajji and I tasted chicken 65 taste in the chilli bajji (they used same oil and Frier to fry veg and non veg items). Their biryani is ok taste, it's not the best biryani in the town and at the same is not the worst. Their biryani is oily most of the time and a day ago I can taste so much salt in it -"they should have labelled it salt biryani" instead. The same quality applies to all their main course dishes. It's either their spices or recipes and taste of their dishes changed so drastically over the year -it's horrible. I get 3 times more satisfaction by spending 8$ at Crapevine than spending 20$ at this place.   Only good thing going on for this place is their Dosa-still tastes the same a year ago. That's the only reason they get a star on this review.
Took 2 co-workers for dinner here while in town for work after reading Yelp reviews. Our waitress gave us great recommendations and service. Food could have been spicier especially because we ordered chicken vindaloo "India Hot", lamb vindaloo one notch below, and chicken tikka masala also one notch below. The chicken tikka masala was the spiciest! Overall delicious.
One of the good Indian restaurant in Tallahassee.  I like chicken tandoori,  they make it really nice with good amount of spice. Dum briyani is pretty good too..
I love the lunch buffet, best Indian food in Tallahassee.
A big fan of Indian cuisine, I was surprised to discover that this place had opened about a year ago and I had just recently learned of it.  Mayuri fares well when compared to the other Indian choices in town. We started out with the sambar, a lentil-based soup that was spiced perfectly. We also ordered the vegetable samosas. I have had samosas from NYC, to DC, and South FL, and these are the best I've had. For entrees, my family ordered the lamb korma, goat pepper fry, and baigan barta. Everyone walked away happy.  We will definitely be back.
Since they opened, the staff at Mayuri learned how to run a restaurant. I would say this is now the best Indian restaurant in town and I love the buffet. My friend and I reluctantly went back after our first horrible experience because someone dared us to give them another try. After our first bite, we looked at each other, wide-eyed, and couldn't even believe how much better it had gotten. Service is much better now too! YAY!
** We've been back at least a dozen times. Tried some other Indian restaurants, but Mayuri is the best. Hail to you Champion! we walked in and the placed was packed with Indian customers which i took as a good sign as to it's authenticity i got several dishes from the buffet.... something was hot hot hot. overall, it was some good stuff. they had a large assortment of dishes i had never heard of.
Previous rating of 4 stars was insufficient.  Mayuri is HANDS DOWN the best indian food venue in town.  The owner (Praveen Vanga) is congenial - with a keen attention to detail.  The options are flavorful - and diverse.  A must-visit for first timers and aficionados alike!
This place is great. We went for lunch, during which they have a hot buffet of great indian dishes, everything is fresh and a unique array. Admittedly, it is small and the decor understated,  but the food is fantastic and the parking lot is often full. Best indian in Tallahassee. So glad we've found this place! Will definitely be back.
We liked it so much, we went back the next day. Amazing vegan dishes, excellent service, and I am in love with their sauces. I was very impressed how they were able to accommodate dishes to meet our dietary restrictions, and they have many vegan options on the menu. Excellent food. Our food wasn't the slightest bit greasy. We will be back!
The dosa that we ordered was delicious but the service wasn't very good and the main courses were salty. I would only return for the dosas
The garlic naan was decent, but the lamb korma was bland. Perhaps this is excellent for a local place, but I've had 100x better elsewhere in the country.
This place was a good choice for dinner. The foods were all a good level of spice without masking the flavors. The lamb was a little on the dry side, but still good. I really enjoyed the mango lassi. Service was great! They came around just enough times for assistance without being overbearing.
I can't say it's best Indian but I can say its really good Indian restaurant in Tallahassee... No other Indian restaurant in Tallahassee tastes better than Mayuri.....  I tried all other Indian restaurants in Tallahassee....
I have been here on several occasions, and every time the food has been absolutely excellent! I suggest trying everything on the menu, because you cannot go wrong!
Courteous staff, Delish food!  Tried goat korma, chicken tikka marsala, naan bread,  & dosa bread.  Ordered takeout, it took 15 mins longer than estimated, but worth the wait.
It's so hard to find southern Indian food anywhere, and to think we now have it in Tallahassee is incredible. Idles, dosas, wow! Incredible selection of vegetarian options and delicious food. I don't understand some of the negative reviews. The food can be very spicy if you like it that way, but, if not, just order it mild. My new favorite Indian restaurant in Tallahassee.  The spicy masala dosa is ridiculous - huge and so flavorful! Give this place a try and post some feedback!
Best Indian food in Tallahassee by far.  Everything was delicious!  Can't wait to come back tomorrow.
Believe it or not, the Asian noodles here are soooooo good!  The vegetables in them are so fresh...    Husband usually gets the dosa and loves it.  The vindaloo is really good too.
Simply the best Chicken Biriyani. Good Indian food, some dishes are as good as in India, which is a first for Tallahassee. Others are at par. Hopefully the service, ambience and efficiency will improve to the standard set by the food over time...
