I got there ten minutes early, and: - The front desk girl was so friendly!  We had a nice chat. - Another girl offered me tea, water, and/or a hand massage. - My appointment started right on time. - Results were excellent.
Went to Shelley, who is new here. Best massage of my life, hands down.
This is where I go to get my hair cut.  Natalie is my stylist and she does an incredible job.  She takes her time and is methodical with the cut and style of your hair (no need to worry about her taking more off than you want).  The salon is always clean and the staff are always friendly, polite and professional.  Money well spent!
I have been using this salon since I moved to Tallahassee from Orlando.  I have to say I have unruly hair and it's not very often I let anyone except my stylist in Orlando touch my hair or my color.  I have had nothing but excellent experiences with Athena.  Everyone from the Owner Mary to my regular go to gal Cody has been nothing but awesome.  My color always looks amazing and the salon is very fashion forward and always clean, smells nice, and they have outstanding coffee :)  I love Aveda products and they have a great selection!  I give them an A+++ and I am a difficult customer to please when your talking about my massive mane !!!
I have been going to this salons for about 4 years. I am always greeted in a friendly manner by the front desk staff as well as by other staff. My stylist is Cody Traweek. She does a fantastic job with cut, color, and waxing. I love this salon!
I've been going to this salon since a horrible experience at a different (non-Aveda) salon in town.  The stylists there are truly artists and can work with any type of hairstyle and make you look absolutely fabulous.  Sarah is one of the most patient people when it comes to my way, thin, unwilling-to-cooperate-at-times hair.  Casey always provides a unique and relaxing experience in both her massages and facials.  Everyone is always friendly, even during their busiest times.  Their monthly emails with discounts and news are like clockwork.  I highly recommend this salon to anyone who needs a fantastic salon.
Do I have to give them one star? I set up my appointment for 3:00pm. I got a phone call from them saying the stylist that I had an appointment with quit, so I rescheduled my appointment for 1:15pm as requested, no problem. I got there and waited, then waited, and waited some more. Finally I asked when I would be seen, it was 2:00pm. The receptionist said, "sorry, you're next, maybe 15 more minutes." I waited until 2:20 pm and just got tired of kids screaming and grabbing me. I scheduled an appointment with another salon, canceled my appointment and left. I waisted all that time being screamed at by children in a small waiting area. I picked this place because of the good reviews, in hindsight I think Athena Salon either wrote their own reviews, or they got family and friends to do so. I would not recommend this place, well maybe if I wanted you to suffer, then I would.
