i have been here a couple of times and I think that this place is worth the price. Who doesn't love a clean nail salon and spa where you can go and relax while getting glam. I usually do not try to spend a lot of money on myself but needed to find a place where I could get gel done for a wedding I was a part of. It really is expensive here but it was well worth it and they looked beautiful. I do like how attentive the staff is and they try to accomodate you in every way. Things I do not like about this nail salon, while it is lovely to spend time pampering yourself, I do nto have the time to spend 2 and a half to 3 hours getting a manicure and a pedicure, no matter how much I like to sit and relax, this just makes me more stressed out than anything. If you have that amount of time then go for it. The first time I went I didn't realize how long it was going to take and then I was totally late to a volunteer commitment I had made. I have been back since then and I still enjoy it, but to make sure you ahve at least 3 and a half horus of free time in order to get the full effect.
Got a gel manicure from Phillip. He did a sloppy job- there is polish all over my skin.
I think Millennium has gone downhill a little bit, from what it used to be. I've been a few times and lately it's just not up to snuff. Very salon-smell throughout and the facilities aren't as organized or neat as they once were. I had a reservation for a party of 3 to get manicures together and there was confusion when we arrived so only 2 of the 3 could begin their manicures together, while I waited about 15 or 20 minutes for a technician to begin mine. In the past I've had a good experience with eyebrow waxing, with the technician taking time and doing a thorough job.
If you think the Cheesecake Factory is fine dining, then you will probably be impressed by this place. To be fair, it seems some people get great service here. However, I was not one of those people. A girlfriend and I had made prior appointments for mani/pedis and were asked whether we wanted express or spa. We inquired about the price difference and were told by the front desk girls that the spa service was $33. When it came time to pay, I was charged $48, with the same girls saying that was including the manicure. Then add tip on top of that and it's over double what I pay for better service in SoFlo. With regards to the actual service - it was mediocre at best. My tech seemed to be rushing through the job and didn't realize until the massage portion that she was going to finish way before my friend's tech. So, what she lacked in technique, she made up for with endurance because she kept rubbing my legs for marathon massage lasting about 20 minutes each leg - well mostly knees and shins and tended to avoid my feet. I gazed wistfully at the other techs giving amazing massages and decided not to say anything because mine barely spoke English anyways. So, after receiving subpar service and being misled about the pricing, it's safe to say I will never come back to this place.
Love this place!  I have gotten my pedicures done here on and off for years.  Very professional, wonderful foot massage and great paint application.   I am going in about a month to try out their deep tissue massage.  Everything I have heard is that it is amazing.
We went for a Tranquility for two package which included couples facials, couples massages, and pedicures. The massages and facials were awesome, but the pedicures were mediocre and the staff seemed bored. The lunches were decent but the only salad offered was a basic iceberg lettuce salad. Also would be nice if they had a more private area for eating lunch and/or waiting between services.
The best nail salon I've been to in Florida. Absolute precision! The place is super clean, very professional, accommodating, and they have a very wide array of colors ranging from classics to trendy new shades. Tony did my nails, at first I was a little disappointed that I got a "guy" as my nail artist - I usually find that they don't do as good of a job as female artists (but that's a bad stereotype). Tony cleaned my cuticles perfectly with no bleeding cuts, and shaped my nails exactly as I requested, made sure they were all the same size, and buffed. He painted my nails perfectly clean. He barley had to touch up around the edges after he was done painting because he was that good. Tony is a nail nija. If only we had a place as good in Miami.
Overpriced. Take themselves MUCH too seriously. They think there are no salons better than they. Reception does an adequate job, but appointments are NOT respected, as they keep changing techs on you even when you have an appointment with someone. Stay away from the hair salon. I don't know what product they use to color, but everyone leaving there has unimaginative cuts and burnt/damaged hair. It happened to me. I was bounced around from tech to tech, one of them spent 1/2 of my pedicure time on her cell phone and kept leaving me to soak in COLD water, and my shellac nail polish chipped off after only 1 week. Don't we pay these people BIG BUCKs to avoid this? I can do my own nails if I want nail polish that chips off. If you haven't been going there forever, you're treated like the redheaded step child. Well, guess what. This little ol' redheaded gal will take the $100 she spends (and the $20 tip) every 2-3 weeks and give it to a business which APPRECIATES her and her money. Additionally, though I am fairly new to town, I have already met many people and am ALWAYS asked about where I am going for hair and nails. GUESS WHERE I'M GOING TO TELL PEOPLE TO AVOID UNDER ANY AND ALL CIRCUMSTANCES? Yep. You guessed right. Their inferior treatment of this new customer is going to end up costing them thousands of dollars. Ain't capitalism grand? Supply and demand. I DO NOT demand the services of this place, and I will make sure everyone else I know doesn't demand them either.
The customer service at the Kerry Forest spa has really declined this past year.  Beverages are offered randomly.  I specifically book an esthetician to do my brow waxing only to be led over to a hair washing sink to have a stylist do the wax.  I complained and they tried to do it yet again.  I'm paying the same amount of money for this service.  Maybe all the good staff moved to the new location.  I am seriously looking for another spa.
Millennium is by far my favorite salon in Tallahassee! Services are never rushed, and I can expect stellar results every single time. If you book a pedicure, be sure and ask for Tina; she rocks! She practices reflexology on the feet and took some pain away that most medicines can't touch. I wish I could take her home with me. Book an appointment at Millennium now, you will not be sorry!
I'm not a person that pampers myself with trips to the spa very often, so whenever I do get the privilege to go to one, I'm pretty easily impressed. However, I do know the difference between a dump and classy service. This place was exactly what you'd expect for a nice, classy spa where you know you're going to receive top quality pampering. My mom and I went there for a private event and got their pedicures. They had extremely conformable and relaxing, massage chairs while they primped our feet. They lady that performed my pedicure was gentle. The only issue I had was laughing when she scrubbed the bottom of my feet, but obviously not something I would complain about. One of my friends that also received a pedicure said one of the male attendants was a little too rough on her feet, but overall was still pleased with the service. I definitely recommend this spa if your ready to spend a little more money. What girl doesn't like a little pampering now and again? :)
