When I walk into Chelsea, the smell of the salon is relaxing. Also, the tea they offer is very unique and delicious. I have been a client of Tabitha for several months now and she is wonderful.  I have very fine hair and she cuts it regularly and has recommended several products to help give body and hold.  I was worried that changing stylists would affect the color I love, but she was very helpful to ensure I like the final results.
I can thank my amazing maid of honor for booking the Chelsea Salon for the bridal party's hair and make up. First of all, the salon itself has great ambiance. They are an Aveda Salon, so their products are top notch. They have an extensive menu of salon and spa services. I booked them for my wedding day, but they would also be great for a fun girls day or a pre bachelorette party indulgence. I ending up booking hair and makeup appointments with Leslie. She was super professional and worked very quickly. I don't remember the price off of the top of my head but I felt that it was reasonable. Also, she was very flexible with booking a trial run with me. I am from California and was only in town 4 days before my wedding day. I highly recommend her for both wedding hair and makeup. I was very happy with the results of the wedding party's hair and makeup also. They have a pretty great set-up. Everyone had their hair done in the upstairs room. They allowed us to bring in coffee, bagels, and champagne while we were getting pampered. The atmosphere was super relaxing. Everyone left in great spirits!
Horrible.  Prices are sky-high and the service, to put it bluntly, sucks.  I will NEVER return and I cannot with a clear conscience recommend this place to anybody. Worst results ever, followed by very rude customer "service."  I went in for an eyebrow wax and tint.  Pretty much no hair was removed (I could have done a more thorough job at home), but the worst part, my eyebrows were dyed BLACK instead of light brown!  NOT a good look for someone whose natural coloring gives her blonde/invisible eyebrows... SERIOUSLY. Once I realized that I looked like Burt Reynolds, I went out on a limb and asked for a refund. Not only did they refuse to refund me, but there were no offers to fix my eyebrows.  And certainly no apologies.  I was shocked, especially since a detailed record of my prior visits was printed on my bill and I had spent hundreds of dollars in this place before on manis, pedis, etc. My eyebrows remained a completely unnatural, ugly color for almost a month, and my $30 was long-gone before then.  Thanks, Chelsea Salon.  I won't be back.
Ive gone to Chelseas for several years and love it! I am always greeted by my name by the front desk girls, I get coffee and water, and most importantly they know how to do a mens cut. Its more than just a barber cut, the scalp massage is well worth it. There are many different price levels so I can afford to go as often as I need. Not every place is perfect, but I really enjoy going.
I am so happy I found this place.  Having just moved from Orlando where I had a wonderful stylist for 15 years, I was worried I would have to shave my head.  Finding Chelsea's was a total fluke.  It's hidden off the main road in an area surrounded by trees.  The building itself is absolutely beautiful.  From flooring to furniture everything is done first rate.  The first time I went I had a very good stylist who did a fine job.  Yes I was the only guy there, but I really didn't mind.   Prices were normal.  This isn't Great Clips and you're not going to get someone who practices on your head.  These folks know their stuff and yet their prices are very reasonable. Today when I called for an appointment they suggested Summer.  Great call.  Summer knows her stuff!  She was nothing short of fantastic.  From the hair wash to the cut you could tell she knew her stuff.  She paid attention to understand exactly what I wanted.  She was happy, friendly and a true joy to spend time with.  Most important... I walked out with a great haircut. I have found my Tallahassee stylist.
My first time here, so I will tell you how it went for me and what I observed while I was there. I got a haircut by a fabulous lady named Summer. She saw me right on time and it was the fastest, but WELL DONE haircut I ever had. She shampooed (massaged my scalp and put me right to sleep), cut, and blow dried (with a round brush like a pro, no flat iron easy-way-out here!) all in 45 minutes. A young woman got her eyebrows done while I was there, they didn't look that great and I overheard them charge her $15! No way, stick to the nail places for that. Best eyebrow wax in Tallahassee: Nails place in the Winn Dixie plaza at High & Tharpe, also like $7. Score. But I digress, my haircut is fabulous, I feel like a million bucks, and out the door I spent $45, including tip. A little pricey, but worth it. Even if I don't cut my hair for another 6 months, I'm sure my hair will still look good. I sent a picture to my best friend and she said best hair style I've had yet. don't know if I should thank her or punch her in the face. Thanks Chelsea Salon!!
I've been going to the same wonderful salon for 8 years in Orlando but have yet to find someplace in Tallahassee that meets my expectations.  A friend recommended Chelsea to me.  It's a very nice, upscale salon.  I was offered coffee when I arrived and was immediately met by my stylist. My first visit was decent.  The stylist did what I wanted.  She wasn't very friendly nor did she really seem to care about me as a client.  My second visit was worse.  I had a different stylist who was very nice.  I am used to just having my stylist play and experiment with hair as I love changing the color.  The stylists here don't seem to experiment which I guess is alright.  The part that really bothered me about this salon is that for such an upscale salon, they charged me extra for running a flat iron through my hair.  The stylist asked how I wanted my hair styled and I said straight.  Then I asked her if straight style was included.  She said yes.  When I was checking out, I was charged almost 30 bucks for the stylist using the flat iron.  I never asked for flat iron.  I asked to have my hair straight and made sure it was included.  I feel that the salon should have conferred with the stylist.  She should not have used the flat iron if it wasn't included OR they should have told me that next time they'd have to charge.  I was very disappointed with the service here and found it absurd that they charged me so much for a damn flat iron.
