I LOVE this place!! I go here for facials, manicures, pedicures, hair cut & color, massages & Relaxing spa scalp treatments. I started coming here when Kelly moved here from Beaux Visage in Latham about 3 years ago.  She gives the best facials!!  It is a little bit of a drive from home but definetly worth the trip.
Went to Total Image yesterday with my sisters as part of my birthday celebration/girls day out and this place was just amazing. The lot was jam packed so I was a little worried we wouldn't get that 'special' attention you want at a spa when it's an 'all about you day' and you need to feel special and pampered, but when we walked in we had prompt and friendly service and you couldn't tell that it was busy inside. Went fairly quickly in for my facial after filling out some basic paperwork since I am new to the business. Had my facial with Kelly and she is just amazing and you always get an amazing facial, neck massage, hand and foot massage to go alone with it. I went to Kelly when she was with Beaux Visage, but left because management there was impossible to deal with and not people friendly at all and found out Kelly was now here so I was ecstatic to be able to schedule my facial with her and it was just as good as it was at Beaux Visage. Lucky for me, they also had a good special going on for facials so I have my facials set up for the next several months..woohoo!! Then went on to have my massage w/ Carolyn who is hands down tied for first place with my other favorite massage therapist. I haven't had a good massage in over a year since my last place closed down and my massage therapist went back to school so scheduling is a little harder with her and I find it difficult to find a good massage therapist because I like very deep tissue massages and it's like I can never get enough pressure from anyone....even the men who are typically stronger than women. But, Carolyn heard my requests and did an awesome job. My shoulders were very tense prior to and when I got up from the massage I felt like I had a 10 lb weight lifted from them and could move my neck again and even the day after I still feel amazing.  I'll definitely be back in for more massages with Carolyn. My sisters also had facials and they both were ecstatic about them and raved about them. My one sister also had a massage and she was in heaven post massage and said she felt so relaxed and well worked out. My other sister had a manicure and overall she was very happy, but her only complaint was that they didn't offer many colors and although she liked the color she had picked, she was looking for something a little different and had expected to find it especially after the way the manicurist approached her about the color on her nails. But other than that, she was happy with the service and the end results. We'll definitely be back again!
I went to Total Image yesterday, recommended by a very good source, and I was glad that I did. I got a massage and a facial, and it was just what I needed. The service was great from everyone who worked there. First I had my massage with Carolyn, and it was hands-down, the best massage of my life. There is nothing I hate more than a massage where you feel more tightness because they didn't work the spot enough or with enough pressure. She was sure to work thoroughly, and it paid off, I felt a million times better than when I walked in. Then I had a facial with MaryAnn, and she was excellent as well! I am a super nerd so I like to understand the process, and MaryAnn explained each step to me, why they use certain things, how it helps, etc. They also told us of several specials they are currently offering, or will be in the coming months, which is great considering how expensive it can be to pamper yourself! A great spa, highly recommended!
