Went to Bok Tower Gardens to celebrate my birthday.  Definitely not something I would normally do.  Suggested by my wife, I agreed.  I must say it is one of Florida's off the beaten path type of tourist destinations.  After we arrived, we purchased our tickets and walked through the beautiful gardens.  As you're walking through the gardens you're going uphill at an 8° incline.  You would think that's not much.  By the time I reach the top where the tower is I was breathing quite heavily.  They have concerts at 1 PM and 3 PM everyday.  And some music is chimed in every hour.  Had a lovely day overlooking the gardens and the scenery.  There is a museum on the grounds detailing the history of how and why the tower was built.  Of course, as you exit, the gift shop. I had a wonderful time, spent the day with my wife. Would definitely do it again.
First timer. Bought the "Combo" ticket to see the Pinewood Estate and the Bok Tower and Gardens. Worth every penny. Incredibly beautiful on all sensory levels.
Some friends suggested we go to Bok Tower Gardens for a pre-easter baby shoot (talking photos here). What we witnessed was a large, beautiful tower surrounded by countless garden arrangements, a historical mansion, sculptures, a museum and a stunning view out over some ridges (they call it a mountain but c'mon, that's definitely not a mountain).   The price for the gardens is twelve dollars a person. If it is your first time, I recommend paying the extra six dollars so you can go through the Pinewood Estate, a mansion that was bought up in the 70's (if I remember correctly) by Bok Tower Gardens and has now been adopted as one of its own. The mansion has a couple floors with a vast amount of information about what each of its rooms were used for. The spiral stairwell to go from the first to the second floor is stunning (it is also really steep so make sure you have been doing your workouts before attempting to climb it). Behind the estate is a beautiful array of flowers (this is where we did our picture taking) and a unique fountain. Some of my favorite plants were back here as this is where they grew the food. Kale, swiss chard, quinoa and cabbage were among the plants you could see growing first hand.   I'm a big walker and nature guy who is also somewhat interested in history so the whole Bok Tower experience was right up my alley. If you aren't into walking, nature or history then maybe you want to consider something else.
While visiting family in Orlando, we heard about Bok Tower and decided to embark on a road trip to check it out. Past the many highway 7-11's, the signs eventually changed for stores selling guns, fishing gear and boat rides. Clearly, we were moving into a different area of the state, away from the House of Mouse. I had no idea what "Bok" referred to- was it the Bank of Korea? It turns out that Bok refers to Edward Bok, a Dutch-American who led a fascinating life in the early 20th century. He exchanged letters with various personalities of the time and eventually devised a plan to construct a tower with a carillon along with gardens of relaxation. Be sure to flash a AAA card at the admission gate to save a few dollars. A combo ticket included the self-guided tour of the Pinewood Estate along with general admission for $17 (with discount, otherwise it's $21). It's best to start your tour at the main facility where you can ask questions, see an informative video about the history of the property and walk through exhibits describing this "American Taj Mahal". Next move on to gentle outdoor trails that lead through scenic live oak trees, Spanish moss and flowers that look like the hair on "Troll" dolls. I was able to temporarily forget that this was December thank to the fact that many flowers were still in bloom. In fact, when you exit the main center building you'll see a display informing you of what exactly is in bloom. Thanks warm climate! The two main attractions are Pinewood Estate and the Carillon (Bell) Tower. Dressed in Christmas trim, the Estate's rooms showcased different holiday themes, with a noteworthy peacock Christmas tree. If you are a huge fan of quaint Christmas settings, this is the attraction for you. I was far more impressed with the Bell Tower, sitting atop the highest point in central Florida. Throughout the day you can hear the bells in concert, at 1 and 3pm to be exact. Looking up at the tower and taking in the murals illustrating the Biblical story of Paradise I felt like I had stumbled upon some lost artifact from a much earlier era. One side of the tower features a sundial with a serpent, along with a zodiac. I do wonder if Mr. Bok was involved in any esoteric societies like the Freemasons or Rosicrucians given the various symbols adorning the structure. Given the large number of elderly tourists I couldn't help but think of this structure as being regenerative in the "Cocoon" movie series sense. And there was truly a sense of appreciation instilled in me  during the visit for the natural wonders and man made landscaping that created this setting. For a change of pace from amusing one's self to death at the Big Three parks of Orlando, for those who prefer quiet contemplation to mass media manipulation, do check out Bok Tower Gardens.
Very nice botanical place with a huge (7 + stories) tower donated to the American people. No parking fee but $12 per person admission. Excellent cafe with wonderful salads, sandwiches, soups & beverages. Adorable gift shop with air ferns & irresistible  gifts for bird & plant lovers, sanctuary music CD's, jewelry, etc. Direction issues w/ map apps (see tip)
Beautiful!! I went here about a week and a half ago with my boyfriend. Even being the winter, it was beautiful. We took so many pictures. It was a chilly day but we spent about 2 hours there. The views are amazing and I could explore for hours here. We are going back in March for our anniversary and I cannot wait to take more pictures and see the gardens that time of year. It seemed a bit pricey when we first entered, but we soon decided it was worth every penny. Definitely a beautiful place and I would recommend it to anyone who appreciates nature.
What a great place to go when you want to escape from the world!  It is so peaceful and relaxing.  Next time I go, it will be for an entire day to sit and watch the birds at the Window, listen to the Carillon, and stroll the endless pathways.  The restaurant also has very good food at a surprisingly reasonable price.  The kids (okay, everyone) will love the ice cream, too.
A great day or afternoon trip for those in Tampa or Orlando. Prompted by a groupon deal and sheer curiosity, we visited Bok Tower Gardens during the heat of August, which any other day would be spent inside out of the sun! However, the tranquil garden walkways, bizarrely beautiful tower and breathtaking view (yes, there is a "mountain" type view... in Florida!) kept our interest and energy level up for almost the entirety of the day. First of all, the namesake bell tower is impressive, and as a geologist, it was especially interesting to learn that it is comprised of both marble and coquina stone, a sedimentary rock made from compacted prehistoric invertebrate shells. The gardens were peaceful and filled with interesting sculptures, historical factoids and hidden details that make great photo opportunities. There is a lot of walking involved if you choose to do so, or in our case, simply misunderstand the map and get lost... for two 20-somethings the "hike" was fun, but it might be a little more challenging for an older crowd. Luckily, there is a shuttle for those who prefer it. I also recommend paying the extra $6/person to do the Pinewood estate tour if you're interested in architecture and history (and check out the optical illusion in the floors of the main entrance if you do so). Overall: the gardens, tower, and estate were wonderful. It was such a nice escape from city life and we were surprised by how much we enjoyed it. Not to mention, the people working there were extremely friendly and helpful. One note though: look to the website for directions, not your GPS or phone. Google maps tried to send us through a gated community to get to some back entrance- very confusing!
I took my BGF to the Tower's Gardens last week. First time for both of us. I knew I should have stopped at KFC  and bagged a bucket of picnic stuff and brought a blanket. Not sure if the wine would have been legal, but if done discreetly... Mid week was great as the park really wasn't that busy, plenty of solitude  and private walks around the grounds. Gorgeous landscaping as it should be with a paid admission IMO. Glad this place really did deliver for us. The other regret- not being aware the grounds are atop one of the tallest points in the state -and a rather radical plateau of a sorts. Well the wind was wonderful too.  Not sure if it is because of the topography, or just the conditions that day, but I'm not beyond flying a kite (for real)  when the conditions are right.  (yes that is me with a cool kite at the beach- count on it.) If you are thinking of making the short trip to this tranquil "attraction", just be certain adjust those expectations to the time in which it was created. (no TV- no rides, no lines) A time when entertainment was eeked out of the simple and soulful pleasures of cherished companionship and nature in its natural state.  (gee, no topiaries) I find it kinda cool to milk a day for all you can enjoy from just the simpler things in our  over processed life - and actually find that it is possible, enriching and filling.
This is one of the most beautiful locations in Central Florida and a perfect spot to escape for a few hours and just enjoy the rolling hills and gorgeous flowers. The centerpiece of the place is the neo-gothic and art deco carillon tower that plays beautiful tunes every hour. The moat around the base with the swans and koi fish make this place seem like some dream in a fantasy world. This is a great place to take the kids and enjoy nature. There is so much to see here that you really just have to plan on hanging out for awhile and exploring. The restaurant next to the museum also serves up some delicious salads and sandwiches, and as a bonus they have beer and wine. A great place to end your visit and let your feet relax a little. One tip: March and April are the height of the flower blooming here, so make sure you take a camera (and allergy medication)!
My family visits every few years and it's always just as amazing to see the gardens and historic tower as the first time.  Kids love running across the greens (which is allowed), up and down the hills and feeding peanuts to squirrels.  The reflecting pond with koi (or carp, aka giant goldfish) is as beautiful as it was back in 1920.  And the songs from the bell tower seem to stop time while you are there.   Admission at this time is $10 per person.  Highly recommended for any family or couple's trip to central Florida.  Give yourself four or five hours and consider a picnic lunch.
What a wonderful place to see the "high points" of Florida. The tower is just a beautiful work of art, The gardens are amazing - so many hidden paths to walk through. There are even geocaches on the trails! The cafe and giftshop have so much to offer and the winow at the pond is a delight! A tour of Pinewood Estates is also recommended and if you visit during the Christmas Holidays you will really see the place at its holiday finest!
I love me some Bok Tower!  When we lived down in the Davenport area, we used to go at least 3 or 4 times a year to enjoy the different seasons and to listen to the music coming from the tower.  Then we signed up for the newsletter and we get email telling us about the special events that are coming up.   This visit was for one of their midnight concerts under the stars!  Half price after 5 pm to get in... lay on a blanket or bring a chair... some wine and snacks... and about an hour of the most magical music you can hear being played live!   Always enjoyable and relaxing.  A great date night with your special person... If you have time, come during the day and check out the gardens.  Beautiful!   Enjoy!
Bok Tower Gardens is one of the most beautiful, pleasant, peaceful places to be found on planet earth; thank you Mr. Bok. Far from being typical of the flashy, loud, overtly in your face confrontational Florida entertainment this is a place for peace as well as soulful inner reflection. It has one of the most beautiful of all gardens, one in which you can consume the entire day viewing and enjoying. Then, as a headliner highlight, there is Bok Tower itself; a piece of masonry magic containing a full set of one of the world's most outstanding carillons; a true delight to the ear. For me, looking at the beauty of the gardens while listening to a one of the finest examples of Bach being masterfully played on the carillons created the epitome of what beauty is all about as well as a perfect "quality time" day. If there is a person that can't enjoy this, I'd venture to say that they must be such a miserable, jaded worn out wretch they should just "give it up."
Well worth the drive.  The tower is beautiful.  It is very peaceful and relaxing to sit and watch and listen to to tower.  The gardens were excellent!  We ate at the cafe and sat outside on the patio....the food was reasonably priced and pretty good.  We would recommend this and will most likely visit again.
The most beautiful garden I have seen. It is a truly magical masterpiece by landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted Jr who also worked on White House grounds and Central Park. I am surprised this place is not getting more attention. If this is your first visit, I recommend paying a few more dollars for the combo tickets so you can tour the Pinewood Estate as well. The architecture is interesting. I am surprised how modern the floor plan and layout is. The garden ground is huge and there were really a lot to see. You can easily spend a whole day here.
If you like gardens and you like landscape and nature. If you want to enjoy a quire walk listening to one of the countries great corrilions. See nature up close at the looking glass pond and visit one of the works of one of Americas greatest landscape architects then this is a must. Wonderful place to relax, meditate, and see the beauty of nature. One of florida's top ten thing s to do.
Bok Tower Gardens is a lovely spot located at the highest point in Florida, near Lake Wales about 1.5 hours outside of Orlando. The grounds are beautifully kept and the tower provides lovely photo ops. The Pinehurst estate is also a lovely stroll- beautiful and serene. There are many varieties of bush roses and camellias throughout the gardens- the overall feel is not too structured, but very well maintained. Bok Tower Gardens offers a Sunset Concert Series, which I attended with friends. You can bring blankets, chairs, picnics, beverages and enjoy a concert on the hillside. There is also an option to order box lunches through the cafe on site, which was also a nice option. What a great way to spend an evening!
Most Florida attractions are high-adrenaline, noisy, artificial affairs. The natural beautify of Bok Tower stands in stark contrast. Even on a rainy day (as when we visited), the blend of natural areas and manicured landscaping offers a sense of peace hard to find elsewhere in tourist-fueled Central Florida. While there aren't a lot of holiday-themed plantings beyond the visitor center/cafe complex, the Christmas concerts from the carillon tower set the mood for a Florida Christmas. On previous visits, we've skipped the adjacent Pinewood Estate home, but a Groupon prompted us to visit during the holidays. It will now be part of our regular holiday-season itinerary! Each year, they pick a theme, and have local designers and businesses set up a room of Christmas decor in that theme. This year, it was films, with rooms decorated in the style of A Christmas Story, White Christmas, the Grinch, Breakfast at Tiffany's and more. A delightful change of pace from the theme parks and malls.
Peaceful, beautiful, haunting and serene. This is definitely worth the hour drive from Orlando! The fall weather is perfect for strolling through Bok Tower Gardens. I find the tower to be a bit creepy and gothic. It's has a melancholy vibe but is still very beautiful. Of course, the bells add a haunting kind of charm to the whole experience. There are endless opportunities for Eye of Mordor jokes. I would not recommend the cafe. We had a $5.00 off coupon and decided to get a biscotti, hot chocolate and a hot dog. The girl behind the counter was clearly grumpy after a long day. She slapped a paper cup down on the counter and tossed a packet of hot cocoa in it. I have no idea what I paid for, the privilege of using the spigot of the hot water carafe? Don't bother with the cafe - eat before or eat after but don't eat here.
Beautiful gardens, peaceful, serene, very clean and pristine. We went there while on vacation to take some photos and just experience the charm of it and realized its a beautiful locale for a special event. The giant trees are just so beautiful. Loved it. I'd recommend all nature/plant lovers to visit this place.
I believe I first saw the Tower circa 1962 as a child. Only the Gardens and facilities have now greatly improved.  Maintenance is constant, and the bells are still so wonderful that the birds quietly listen. Much has changed since long ago, but Bok would smile at their appreciation of his concept. Get there early; plan to spend the WHOLE day; enjoy the snack bar, and carry your beer/wine and snacks into heaven on earth!   Note -- Squirrels appreciate some peanuts, and the huge Koi surrounding the tower LOVE crackers!
Serene grounds await the visitor who seeks a break from the Orlando lines and noise! Meditative. A tribute to Mr. Bok and all those that seek to make the world a little better place than when their journey started.
This place is beautiful and well worth the trip! Beautiful gardens, the tower is really a sight to see. It is a great way to spend the afternoon. Just stroll around and discover all the little nooks and crannies.
Lovely gardens about 45 mins from Disney World at the highest point in Florida between Georgia piedmont down to Miami.  Bok's personal story is amazing-he was friends with the movers and shakers of the USA as the publisher/editor of the Ladies Home Journal.  He hired F L Olmstead of Central Park fame to do the grounds.  He offered a 100,000 peace prize and wanted all to get along in the world.  They have lots of musical events so go online to see what is happening.
Beautiful hidden place in central florida, beautiful Gardens, views a real jewel to see in Florida, the tower itself is a wonderful building, what a pity that public is not allowed to go inside and climb it. Entrance fee is $10 for adults and $3 for kids, even thought is not a place for kids, there is a small museum, and beautiful nature/gardens sights
one of the truly wonderful aspects of living in florida is how many random but totally fun activities you can find if you are willing to get off the interstate and away from the major metros and explore a bit. located way off of i-4, bok tower gardens is a treated hidden in central florida.  the gardens themselves are nice - not as nice as some of the world's greatest, but still well laid out - i think they're olmstead done so why wouldn't they be? and the gigiantic lilly pads are truly worth staring at for awhile.   honestly you can spend a few hours wandering around the landscape and enjoying the trees and other hedgerow - which make up the bulk of the landscape. but it's the tower and its carillon that steal the show at bok tower gardens.  the granite tower rises from what has to be one of the highest points in florida and looks like something straight out of a stephen king or j.r.r. tolkein novel - mystical, mysterious and totally out of and yet in place at the same time.  i am not being hyperbolic when i say that it is awe inspiring.  and the music that plays out of the carrillon?  gorgeous.  you will seriously enjoy the concert.  sit at the base of the the tower or just wander through the garden while it plays. it's a pretty neat place.  a little overpriced for what it is, but whatever.  i'd pay it twice. get off the beaten path and see this florida gem.
Nice for a walk and picnic. Very woodsy with nice gardens. Very little to do but nice and peaceful for a stroll or Sunday outing.
What a great place to spend an afternoon!  We picked just about a perfect day to visit the beautiful gardens and Tower which houses the musical bells.  The flowers had just ended we were told but everything was still beautiful and then in the middle of it all is the GIANT tower with musical bells.  I wish they actually played those but they did have recordings of it playing on the hour.  Also when you visit splurge on the extra $6 to visit the 1930's mansion that is on the grounds.  Beautifully kept with many of the original furnishings.  We took our time and listened to the docents in each area and were fascinated by the history of it all.  Overall a great way to spend an afternoon.  They have a cafe there too but we didn't get a chance to visit it.
Beautifully stunning.  A fantastic day spent.  and the tour guide was both informative and humorous.  Thank you for this gorgeous gem.
I love coming here with my better half and enjoying a stroll around this beautiful park although tonight we were here for a night of edibles and art. The food that the chefs at bok towers made was very elegant  delicious and the art was simply breath taking.
This place was pretty fun.  The buildings and history are very interesting.  This one of those places that only residents of Florida would know about.  My only complaint is that the touted a lot of wildlife and I hardly saw anything of interest.
This review is not about the spectacular things you'll see at Bok, it is about the experience as it relates to the people who support the experience.  The place is not to be missed because of its serene beauty.  And the gift store is wonderful. GOOD:  The lady manning the gate was very friendly and helpful.  But from there, on, it got dicey. BAD:  I took my mother there and I parked in Handicapped as close as possible to where it appeared we would go in.  There was a shuttle (golf cart), so I asked the driver where to get a wheel chair -- he couldn't tell me.  So I went inside to the Information booth.  There was one volunteer helping someone and three others chatting among themselves, so I had to wait until I could interrupt then to get a word in edgewise.  They sent me to the gift store, where they sent me outside to a pen with the chairs.  All the while, my mother was sitting in the parking lot, in the car (yes, it was running with the air on).  I got the chair and ran back to the parking lot to get her. GOOD:  Their chairs are actually adult strollers which are more comfortable than chairs, but with nowhere to put a purse, or an oxygen tank (there aren't handles like there are on wheelchairs; it is a bar like a shopping cart but rounder), so Mother was pretty well loaded up as off we went.  The wheels are smaller than a chair, so the person sitting is not able to maneuver themselves at all -- a pusher is required. BAD:  First to the Visitor's Center, where no doors were marked with the ADA symbol.  We had to open each door, she had to hold it open til I could get her part way through and then I could take over holding it to get myself through.  At the end of our visit, someone came along and showed us that you can open it wide and it will latch open.  Guess I haven't been doing the wheelchair thing long enough to know all the ins and outs. GOOD:  REALLY NEAT exhibit about the building of the tower.  They also show a film in their little theater there.  We went in to watch (less than ten minutes, but very nice -- and available at the gift shop for less than $3), but the volunteers all stood at the door for the first couple of minutes, chatting, and the volume was too low anyway, so we couldn't hear.  At least when the thing crapped out two minutes in and they had to restart it, we were also able to have them turn up the volume.   BAD:  Turned out, the old speakers buzzed too much at a normal volume, which was rather annoying.  Then, before the film was even over, the volunteers were back, opening up the theater and one of them took hold of my mother's chair and started to wheel her out!  While the film was still showing!! GOOD:  We went and caught the shuttle to the tower base and enjoyed the beautiful day up there quite awhile, snapping pictures, wheeling around (the shuttle can carry a stroller on the back end) and feeding the coy and squirrels.  The carillon plays every 30 minutes, and it isn't too loud to be right there at the tower when they do. BAD:  The signs said the shuttle comes every 15-20 minutes, but we were up there for about 45 minutes and finally had to come back down ourselves, as it never returned. GOOD:  We ate at the restaurant there and were pleasantly surprised.  Then we spent a ridiculous amount of time (and money) in that wonderful gift shop. In summary, their volunteers need to keep their eye on the ball, and there needs to be better focus on the handicapped.  But a visit to Bok Tower Gardens is probably the best entertainment value in Florida at $10 each with AAA. Is it good for kids?  This is a place where children could definitely be taught about the serenity of beauty.  It wouldn't have been the same experience if there had been loud and unruly children there instead of quiet, well-behaved ones.  The ones we saw were having a great time feeding the coy and running out in the meadow and picnicing with their families. ONE MORE NOTE (BAD):  I usually contact a place directly with feedback like this, but Bok doesn't accept feedback via online -- only while you're there or else via phone.
