Absolutely love the show! If you have to pick atleast one show at animal kingdoms make sure you make time for this. It's basically the finding nemo movie all condensed with gigantic puppets and people in large suits. I know it sounds lame but it really is very cute. My husband and I never get tired of taking our daughter to this show and she loves it. Soo as they say "just keep swimming, just keep swimming" straight to the show! :-)
I've seen this show several times as an adult and I always enjoy it and if you have kids it's not to be missed. This is broadway-style entertainment (though not broadway-quality) in the parks and it's a cute musical spin on the Finding Nemo story. I'll bet that this goes to actual Broadway one day so see it while you can! Be sure to line up early as the shows do fill up. If you want to skip the line you can opt for a lunch buffet package with the Yak & Yeti restaurant in the park.
I am sooooooo glad, we did not pass this up!!  There was only one performance left in the day as we were wrapping up our Animal Kingdom adventure, and my son and my husband were not particularly interested, but I just had a feeling that my daughter would fall in love!! And she did!! And honestly, I think my 9 year old would have really liked it too.. The puppets are great, enormous, spectacles...really amazing!! My daughter's mouth has hanging open and I heard her whisper  "It's Real.." Not gonna lie, I had a real Mom-moment and felt a little tear coming on after that. And no, I am not one of those weird Disney people....it was just cool to see her so completely taken in by this show! Moments like this when you feel the thousands of dollars you are spending are worth it! The show is so cute, and I really think it would be great for all ages. Even very young children who have not seen the movie but are into fish/animals will be entertained!!     The auditorium is large enough that you could easily take them out with minimal disruption if they started to lose their minds....(yes, if your kid goes fruit-bats, please remove them.  We understand all kids become seriously unhinged at some point, and that is fine.   But you know, they may be better served having insane, writhing, hysteria outside) Anyway, check the schedule for this show when you are in Animal Kingdom, and do not miss!!
Very entertaining... just remember no open drinks and get there at least a half hour early... but the air conditioner is worth the wait
This has been reviewed well enough by other Yelpers that a 500 word essay is not needed but a few points not to forget: -  Skip the FP+ as there will almost always be enough space with the exception of Disney's most busy times of the year.  This show runs at least four or five times a day   even in the rare slow season and overall the theatre is large so if you show up 30 minutes or so prior to the start you should be good. -  A lot of people for whatever reason I guess feel weird about sitting in the first row or two so there are usually a few spots open right up until a few minutes before show time. -  If you want to follow along with the show (i.e. be a smart ass since you'll need to fully turn around during the show) there is a large teleprompter up against the back wall that the performers on occasion definitely use so they don't forget what comes next. -  But most of all, just get to the damn show because even though this thing has run now for years, it's still comes off as very fresh and exciting and the cast does a great job putting a lot of enthusiasm into every last word/note/part.
If I were Rosie O'Donnell on her old show, I would say this is a "cutie patootie" show.  Because it is.  Characters are largely handled through puppeteers that also act, sing, and speak (like Avenue Q, but G rated.)   They do an amazing recreation that's true enough to the story (minus Dori speaking whale).  Your kids will love the bubbles moment.  The singing numbers are cute enough.  The costumes are Fantasmic!  You'll be amazed at how they recreate ocean life in a musical format. I highly recommend this show.  And, don't be shy about asking Cast Member ushers if there are extra seats in the front! Note: running time is approx. 40 minutes.
This show is so freaking adorable! Disney does just about everything right and they especially do musicals well. This show is amazing from start to finish. The auditorium is quite large and there is plenty of room for a large audience. Even better, it's well air-conditioned for those extra warm days at Animal Kingdom. The show uses a lot of large scale puppets and gorgeous sets to make the world under the sea come to life. Everything looked amazing, just like we were watching the movie. The actors and singers were great, Beautiful voices and even better songs. I honestly can't say enough about this show. Dory steals the show, as it should be. If you're at the park, make time for this show. It's a must.
One of my favorite parts of our Disney trip! I'd heard mixed reviews and that it was "skippable" but they were wrong! Outside of Broadway, this was the best stage show I've seen.  The auditorium is large, so you shouldn't have to wait more than one show.  I recommend getting a seat in the lower 1/2.   Nemo is great for the whole family- my husband, myself, and out 2 yr old daughter were all enamored by the show!
ITs a cute musical with puppets reinacting the Nemo movie.  Once you get past the puppets and the huge human behind it, the musical is quite entertaining. Its a great place to cool off, but remember, there's tons of kids screaming and jumping around. They offer fast pass, but rarely does it get 100% full, so walk up is just fine, if you don't mind sitting on the sides.
Fun creative puppet show. Not just for kids.
This is one of the most innovating musicals I've ever seen.  The actors sing and use larger than life puppets as they perform.  I can only imagine the difficulty in using a puppet to perform for you.  The stage literally comes to life right in front of your eyes. Kids are sure to love this performance and adults are sure to love it just as much.  Not to mention, it's a very nice reprieve to enter the air conditioned theatre and get out of the heat. Do not miss this one!
Disney has truly thought of it all.  This is the way that Disney gets people into one area for a specified amount of time so the park is less congested.  The stage performance was awesome.  There actors had large puppets and were able to move them around like real sea creatures.  Very similar to the actual movie.  If the movie had songs I don't remember them but because of that the songs are not as good. The show is really interactive with the kids and the actors come into the audience. Worth seeing once.  If I went back I probably wouldn't see it again unless it was hot outside.   Must try: sit towards the back or sides of the front or in the first row of the back section.  you'll get a good view of the actors when they come into the audience.  It's great to cool off.
I didn't expect much from this little musical - I mean, it's a free show at a theme park, how good can it be, really?  Also, the original movie wasn't a musical, right?  So the songs are all going to be written just for the Animal Kingdom show.  They can't be that good.... Well, it turns out that this was probably the best show out of all the ones we saw on our trip.  (Way better than that half-assed 'Voyage of the Little Mermaid' at Hollywood Studios.)  The songs, written by the team who made the hit musical 'Avenue Q', are catchy and will play in your head OVER and OVER and OVER again! Puppetry is used for most of the characters, similar to the pieces used in Broadway's Lion King.  It looks fantastic and colorful, and integrates well with the computer animation that supplements the performances.   This is an attraction at Animal Kingdom that you don't want to miss - it's definitely one of the best things in the park!  It's best to join the queue at least half an hour early if you want to get decent seas.
Pretty dang amazing musical at Disney.  The singers are excellent and the props are amazing.  Disney really did an excellent job all around and must have spent tons of money on the theater and the act itself.  It's my daughter's favorite activity in all of Disney World and I understand why. I must have seen it 4 times now but still really enjoy it each time I go.
WOW...can we say, freakin' MAGICAL???  The cost of the Animal Kingdom theme park could cover the cost of this show alone (yes, it's free).  That's how much they'd charge if this went on Broadway, after all! When I first saw the preview for this show, I was blown away.  When I saw it live, it was just...AMAZING!!  The designs, acting, special effects, scenery, costumes, etc....were just plain breathtaking.  You HAVE to see this! About an hour long show, and it covers the movie perfectly.  There were some scenes where you want to tear up *sniffles* and others that make you laugh and smile.  Awwww.   Just watch it already.  It's a beautiful and striking performance. Oh, and wait in line 30 min before it starts.  There's enough space for hundreds of people, but it is Disney, after all.
Have you seen "Finding Nemo"? You have? Well then you already know what this show is about. It's just the short version of it with A LOT more singing. I liked Finding Nemo, the movie. However, I found this show kind of boring. The only reason that I went to the theater in the first place was because I  wanted to get out of the sun and when I was walking by the theater, there was no line. If you have a five year old with you, he/she might enjoy the show. Or, if you're an adult with an inner child, you might enjoy it.  I'm not saying that the show is bad. It's just not for me. I'm more of an extreme roller coaster rides kind of guy. Cedar Point in Sandusky, OH is more to my liking. I can't wait until I get the chance to go there again.
This review is going to get me in trouble with all you die hard "Nemo the Musical" fans. Located at Disney's Animal Kingdom. This show is not my favorite. Its like a ton of pretty, but thats about it. Based on the movie (of course), this is like watching the movie with extra songs, and cut scenes. The actors do a really great job, with this. But its all hook and no bate (pun intended) Worth seeing at least once, but if you can only make one show at this park, I would pick "Festival Of The Lion King" But it is..."A Big Blue World"
NOT TO BE MISSED!! Just saw this for the first time this weekend, and considering how often we go to Disney, I'm kicking myself for waiting so long to see it.   WOW! What a show!  The puppets are amazing and the performers give their all like they're on Broadway.  The technology and artistry combine beautifully to make a memorable show even better than I expected.   The songs are catchy too!  I agree with all the previous reviews, you really need to see this show. :o)
I promise you will NOT be disappointed with this show! The puppetry, set design and acting are all top notch and definitely something for all ages. I would suggest that if it is your first time seing the show, make sure to sit towards the back of the theatre, behind the sound booth. There are elements to the show that take place in the aisles and you will miss out on those if you're sitting in front of the sound booth. Make sure to show up early, at least 30 minutes, especially during busy times of the year (summer, Spring Break, Christmas) to guarantee getting a seat for the show time you want!
This is a fantastic show! Disney does the show & music thing right, just about every time they try. The musical is based on the movie but adds some great original music. Finding Nemo was not a song based Disney Pixar movie, surprising as that may sound. An excellent movie has turned into an excellent musical right at Animal Kingdom for no extra fee! Big Blue Sea gets stuck in my head sometimes and it's permanently on my Disney music mix. The actors are all fantastic, all props go along perfectly. It's quite an interesting way of presenting the musical, kind of modern day puppetry. Do not miss this attraction! It's a great time for kids and adults alike.
This is the kind of show I would normally blow off. But this rainy Saturday it was the perfect place to escape the monsoon and dry off. I was actually really impressed with the show. The actors carry puppet-like characters from Nemo on poles that let them control their faces and appendages. The puppets are wonderfully lifelike in true Disney fashion. At one point in the show the actors playing Marlin and Dory were flipping through the air on harnesses! There are several set changes- the dentist's aquarium, Nemo's school and the jellyfish scene. But my favorite was the shipwreck scene with the sharks. I thought the guy that played Bruce was very good- and I noticed later he was controlling the rear flipper of the huge Crush. The custom bicycle that was Mr. Ray (Nemo's teacher) was very creative. The 40 minute show flew by. Seats could be a little more comfortable (wooden benches but at least they had backs) but the theater was neat. At certain points actors come right out amongst the crowd so there is hardly a bad seat in the house. My four year old son really enjoyed it, as did us grown ups.
Do not miss this! What a great show for all ages! The staging, lights, costumes, etc. was amazing! I heard Disney got costumer people from Broadway and the staging reminded me of the Lion King musical. You might be thinking the movie didn't have any songs but Disney made it work. I'd definitely watch this if it came to Broadway too! Get there at least 30 minutes before  showtime to secure good seats.
Um, SO AWESOME. It would be a shame if you missed this show.  It really is a great production.  The music, the costumes, and the props were all so impressive.  You are really transported under the sea, and you'll find yourself humming the songs long after you've left the theater. Get there 30-45 mins early to stand in line.  I wish I could see it again!
Amazing show!! Another quality show by Disney that is sure to entertain everyone.  It's a very short version of Nemo in a musical format and runs about 35 mins. If you don't like this show then you're just a boring person.   :o)
An absolutely delightful stage performance of "Nemo" they did a great job of making this a live performance. You can tell a shows good if the kids are quiet and pay attention and that they do! It's worth the wait and it's a huge place without a bad seat in the place. Enjoy!
This show was amazing! I love watching musicals at Disney parks. I didn't know what to expect but it was entertaining and fun! There are puppets and the voices of each character match really well. This theatre has comfy seats and a show plays once every hour. We sat in the front section but in the back center. The characters walk next to you if you sit by the stage. I loved it more then Lion King but both were good.
Watched this show at least 5 times and it has got to be the BEST SHOW EVER.. no really. I love it. but that's just me... just keep swimming just keep swimming...
Finding Nemo is a "Nemo" live show here at Disney Animal Kingdom.   It took the place of Tarzan Live.  The best way to describe it is like Nemo marries Into the Circ Family and has a baby... This show is all that you and young kids would love about Nemo plus the trill of live performing acrobatics all in one.  Or for us folks who might just need a nape in a cool and out of the sun place while kiddos ride the hardcore stuff, then this is your place too. But a word of causation, you gotta be able to sleep trough a F-5 tornado to nape here because they really know how to pump up the music.
The visual effects and costumes and puppetry are really awesome. Very creative and engaging. Wasn't expecting it to be as great as it was. Highly recommend it over all the other Disney musical performances at all the parks.
This was a good show, although I think Festival of the Lion King is better.  Be warned that the mom dies in the opening scene (just like the movie).  This didn't upset our 3 y.o., but some kids may find it disturbing.  Shows are a great way to cool-off on a hot day!
i love love love this ride! the only down side is that it is way too short. the lines are usually very very short since the ride has been open for some time now so that is definitely a plus!
We went in there to get out of the heat and humidity - and that much we did.  The show is great to be sure, but a little long for my three year old.  The costumes and effects are great...no complaints about the quality of the show.  I just wish someone had told me that my just-turned-three-year-old would be bored out of his mind.  LOTS of families with children of similar ages left too.  Nice though!
They do a good job of telling the Finding Nemo Story with many puppets and props throughout the theater.Although I wasn't a fan the first time seeing this show because you can see the puppeteers it has grown on me, in fact now I tune out the puppeteers faces most of the time. This is a great show! I only wish that those providing translations of the dialog would be considerate of others and not be so loud!
Love this show! By far one of my fav stops at the animal kingdom.  The performers go through the entire finding nemo story in about 40 minutes.  The performers are brilliant and really do an amazing job in singing and acting.  How can anyone dislike Finding Nemo.  You'll enjoy this!
If this were a broadway show I would pay to go see it, its really of that quality
This show was awesome. If you are at Animal Kingdom you have to catch this show. It's done with puppets, but done so well. One of my favorite shows so far at Disney.
Great show wish it was on broadway, I love crush, he make me laugh, he is one cool turtle. Sharks as well, with there saying fish are our friends not food. It a cool show to stop on by if you at disney .
A cute ride to take with your grandchildren.  No scary parts.  Try it and enjoy it.
This was a great show! If you are at Disney this is one show you do not want to miss.
We went to the show after eating lunch at the African restaurant so we had front row seats, literally, we were right next to the stage (main stage and the center aisle stage.)   This was a grand experience, one truly of Disney.  People dressed in costumes carrying larger than life "puppets" of the Nemo characters.  Special effects too!  This was a wonderful time and one we would definitely do again.
What a fun show.  My son never ceases to amaze me.  He was absolutely riveted to his seat.  He loved the show.  If you can keep a 9 y/o boys attention for the duration of a stage play, you are doing something right.  Highly recommend this when visiting the house of the mouse.
a fun, free show.  it's a very cute musical based on the Finding Nemo movie.  if you like musicals you're love it.  the puppets and actors are perfect and the production is very well done.  i would pay money to see this!  if you have the time, stop and watch the show!
I would see it ten more times!  My boyfriend and I went to see it and loved it.  I was wondering how they were going to do a sea scene but I was amazed.  A must see!
I'm not really a fan of musicals but this one was really good.
