I've been to Orlando a few times over the past few years.  On each occassion, I always try to visit Jellyrolls for the our one "night out".  Jellyrolls is your typical dueling piano bar.  It is a decent size, with two large bars on either side of the room.  At times,  it can get pretty busy (from the times I've been, it seems like Saturday night is the busiest).   The piano players are all talented and tend to do mainly requests.  Depending on the audience, this can change the type of music they play, ranging from 50s to current.   The prices are a little expensive, but then again, it's Disney so it's to be expected.  The cover is about $10 (if I remember correctly).  Beers are in the $6 - $7 range.   Overall I always have a great time when I go to Jellyrolls.  Definitely worth it if you're visiting the Disney area.
We were at the Disney Boardwalk for a friend's birthday.  She wanted to come here and since we were already having dinner a few doors down, we stopped at Jellyrolls afterwards . Before coming here, I was told it was a dueling piano bar so I had a certain image in my head of what to expect.  It was the Sunday night before Labor day so there were no long lines. There is a $12 cover charge and they do take credit cards (it's Disney!) . After checking of IDS (21 and older),  paying and getting stamped, you can venture in and seat yourself. There are tables closer to the front stage but those can get full pretty fast.  You can also opt to sit further back closer to the bar if you don't want to be a target of the piano players. ;) A friendly waitress came over and took our orders (they had cider!) and offered to keep an open tab for us with our credit cards.  There is no food served her so don't come too hungry. There is complimentary popcorn brought to your table to munch on. And from what I saw, you can help yourself if it gets low- there's a little machine next to the bar. As far as the piano players, this is not your raunchy sort of bar. It's pretty PG rated since it is on Disney property. People are welcome to walk up to the stage with their requests and tips and if one piano player doesn't know the song, then they throw it out to the other piano player. They played a mix of what's out on the radio now to some oldies (Journey, Elton John)....there was an instance where a girl requested a song and both piano players were stumped. I wonder how often that happens. Only awkward moment was when they had everyone stand up and sing and act along to the "tree song".....I felt a little silly ....(think the hokey pokey)....probably more fun if you're drunk? hahaha    There is plenty of audience interaction which is cool and if you look like you're not having a good time, prepare to be picked on!  I did also notice that they rotate piano players every hour on the dot so if you have a favorite, I'm sure you can call ahead and plan your visit. Just a heads up, there is no filming of any kind allowed. I made the mistake of filming friends and happened to include the stage and the security guy came up and told me. He wasn't nasty at all but definitely good to know! Overall it was a good time but, as a resident, I wouldn't drive out of my way to come here. This place is clearly for the tourists and Disney fans!
An overpriced Disney bar with mediocre piano players mistakenly taken as a good night out. Jellyrolls has capitalized on out-of-town tourists who do not dare venture off property for nightlife. $12 to get in the door which doesn't even guarantee a place to sit, or stand. The drinks are outrageously expensive. The $12 Red Solo Cup is the bars signature ripoff special. $12 for a 12oz cup; filled to the brim with ice, a small pour of alcohol, and filled with mixers. My drinks do not need to be strong for me to enjoy them, but this "Lynchburg Lemonade" wasn't even good. They will refund your money if push comes to shove. A bud light is also overpriced at $6.50. The music, what someone would consider the redeeming factor of an overpriced theme park piano bar, is tactless and cliched. Can you imagine a piano bar charging $24 for entrance and a drink and then the pianist has the gaul to play Zip-a-dee-doo-dah? Now I'm sure you'll take this time to say, "Listen Justin this is a request only bar! What do you expect?" Wonderful question. I expect the pianists to play requested music that not only gets the crowd going, but showcases the alleged "range" they are heavily advertised having and not over rehearsed fatuous nonsense such as "Spoonful of Sugar". These guests spend all day dragging kids around, unable to escape the overzealous enchanted ethos, and when they try to have an adults night out Jellyrolls continues the agony by shoving "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" down their throats. If you're a local who goes to Jellyrolls looking for good drinks and entertainment, shame on you (and myself) for not knowing better. If you're a tourist looking for the same, get a cab and go to Howl at the Moon on I-Drive.
After a long night of trying to get men on tinder to meet me at jellyrolls i found who i really was sitting there farting at the corner of the bar alone ordering a total of 3 koolaides to my face. After dancing in front ofthe pianos to baby got back, I ended up boofing in the garden of the dolphin hotel and telling complete strangers. I had the time of my life and i owe it all to you, jellyrolls.
RATING ON THE PLACE NOT THE FUN I'm trying not to sound like a hater, but this is definitely one of those places where if you don't know "older, white songs" very well then it's more difficult to get in the fun mood. BUT I CAN'T RATE a place LOW just because I don't fit the demographic--instead I'll look at Jellyrolls as a whole. ENTERTAINMENT INTIMATE With a dozen small tables in front of the stage and the standing room bordering that area--almost every seat offers a great view. Even though the entertainment is on the piano - expect to still yell "What did you say?" at those around you in order to hold a conversation. The music can get loud. Every gentleman who played the keys was very talented and I was amazed how they didn't need any prompt for singing lyrics or sheet music. Plus they knew how to get the crowd moving. I noticed whichever person sat on the right-most piano was at an obvious disadvantage - I couldn't understand anything they said/sang on the mic!! Unless Jellyrolls purposefully hires pianists who can't enunciate specifically to play the right-most piano, then I feel bad for those obviously talented pianists who get the 'unlucky mic.' HUNGOVER FROM THE PRICES First off--I don't know if a $12 cover price is necessary. Probably $5 is more appropriate- yes yes I know this is the Disney area but based on my observance of overhead appearances this high cover seems more like a cry for financial help. Plus throw in the drink prices and this can become a pricey evening.
This place is awesome. It's a good place for adults to go out while at Disney. They pianist can play basically any song you can think of to request and they are entertaining to watch. It is actually quite relaxing sitting there listening to them playing and there's complimentary popcorn! You do have to remember that it is located on Disney property so  the drinks are going to be expensive.
I didn't quite know what to expect when I heard about the "Dueling Pianos" bar at Disney's Boardwalk hotel, but I knew I wanted to check it out. There was a $12 cover charge for a rainy Tuesday evening, and the place wasn't too crowded, but the groups of people there were having a great time. We grabbed a few beers at the bar, as well as a basket of free popcorn and picked out a table right in the front row. A waitress came over and explained that if you write a song on a paper napkin and place it on one of the pianos (with a tip, which they don't tell you), then it might be played by one of the piano teams. The two teams that we saw were incredibly talented...not only could they play a ton of popular songs without any sheet music, but they could sing and do some improv comedy working off the audience's vibe. I loved it!
We just came from a wedding at the Swan and dolphin hotel. It was a Saturday night. There was approximately 50 people that the bride and groom had with them. We decided to go to jelly rolls. Upon getting to the door the door girl that was working seemed rather callus. We explained that there were approximately 50 people and they immediately told us it was standing room only. That was fine. We asked,  since they were bringing such a large group, if the bride and groom would get in free? Absolutely not. Seems like a bad business decision when 48 other people are going to pay a $12 door fee plus buy at least 2 drinks. So we went next door and they were super nice. We didn't even have to ask and they let the bride, groom, all bridesmaids, and parents of the bride in for free and gave them all 1 free drink! So I suggest pick one of the other 20 places near there and spend your hard earned cash where it's appreciated.
What a fun time! I have always wanted to go to a dueling piano bar, and how perfect that it's on Disney property! (I LOVE Disney!) It's a $12 cover, which I think could be considered quite a bit, but like I said it IS on Disney property. However, I say it was worth it. The musicians are AMAZING, taking requests (for $1) and knowing how to play each and every song, knowing all the words to the song, and making it all fun and entertaining. Seriously, that's a lot of talent. It does get really packed, though. So be prepared to stand. Why would you want to sit anyway? Dance around while you sing along! I can't vouch for the bar, since we didn't order any drinks, but it didn't look too crowded around the bar area so I can't imagine that their service would have been slow. It did seem like they had some bar food, as well. POPCORN, for one, which surprised me. The smell was so tempting, ha. It's a little weird because the rest of Disney Boardwalk is closed and dead, but it's definitely a good time.
What a fun night! Went here with a friend on a whim and arrived early as other reviewers had suggested. We got there around 7:20 and only two tables were filled, but the next time I looked around right before 8pm, there were only two empty! It looks very understated and underwhelming before the music starts, but once the piano pairs start their act, you start to lose track of time! While the musicians ARE easily stump-able, they keep the music and the banter going to quickly that you don't even notice. They did everything from Disney classics to Kelly Clarkson to Queen and back again. Of course we heard two renditions of Piano Man and Don't Stop Believin', but that was bound to happen. There is a $12 cover that you need to have cash for and it is polite to offer at least $1 per song, although if you're there early you can slip a few in to get it going without the tip. IT IS WORTH EVERY DOLLAR! Definitely a fun evening out to dress up or dress down and have some fun!
For some reason, I kept expecting "Dueling Banjos", a pair of backwoods pickers ready to make me their bitch and force me to squeal like a pig..."Sueee-weeee!" But I digress. I was corrected by my host that it would be Dueling Pianos. Oh. Like Ferrante & Teicher? No, more like Elton John & Billy Joel on their last encore of their last farewell tour but not quite that good, though some in the audience would beg to differ. They would whoop and holler like nobody's business at basically anything the pair of piano players would perform. It's a dark, small place as piano bars go, especially during a conference as big as IBM's last month. It was packed with people standing with their beers at the walkway railings. That would be me since the tables were filled with tone-deaf drunks who felt like they were in karaoke heaven during the Pat Benatar medley. I can see why people like this place. The two guys appear to play just about any request, and the rest of us are left at the mercy of the variable tastes of dipsomaniacs letting what little that's left of their hair down. This place is on Disney's Boardwalk and is billed appropriately as adult entertainment even though there are no strippers in sight. Just drunken conference attendees who want me to hit them with their best shot. Fire away.
I absolutely LOVE Jellyrolls.  I have been to this piano bar more times that I can count.  Yes, the cover charge and drinks are pretty costly.  But I think the entertainment is well worth it.  The piano players are amazing talented.  And the bar staff are very friendly.  I love that the piano bar is fun without being raunchy like some other piano bars can be.   If you want a table, make sure to get there early.  They can fill up.  Also make sure to bring some dollar bills if you want to request a song.   So much fun!  I can't wait to go back!
After having already made some great memories at Jellyrolls in the past, I proposed to my girlfriend (now fiance) there just recently.  I got in touch with the piano players in advance and they were very willing to help me out and truly made it a magical proposal.  They even went as far as to learn a particular song just for the occasion.  These guys are really amazing!  Go there!  And make sure you tip them well!
Let me let you know what you are getting into before you go There is no food.  You may be standing for thirty minutes or more to get a table.  The drink prices are steep.  On a busy night you may be lucky to see your server every thirty minutes.   If you go to one of the bars to get your own drink, you will probably wait ten minutes to make an order. If you can deal with all of the above you will probably have a great time.  This is a sing along piano bar.  The staff is great. They can play just about anything.   You can always get your request played quick if you put a few bills with it. I have been there ten plus times and have always loved it.  There is a cover that changes by the time of year.  Usually around fifteen. Could Disney do it better? I am not sure. The place is open less than eight hours a day and is only packed for about three hours a night.  You can't really have fifteen to twenty extra servers working for three hours.  The staff does a very good job, but any place slows down when slammed.   Did I mention the bathrooms are always spotless. Bottom line : Enjoy a drink and sing along to piano man.
Meh.  I guess I was expecting too much.  I was warned ahead of time that they tone down their songs and such since this is on Disney grounds.  But the crowd was severely lacking.  And anyone who has been to a really good piano bar knows that they bigger the crowd is, the more fun you will have because you can sing loud (even if you're tone deaf like me) and act amuck.   They had pretty decent drinks, but they were a bit watered down.  Was it because it was Disneyfied?  Not sure I could answer that.  I did order what they called a Johnny Appleseed which came in a ginormous red plastic cup.  It was tasty, but even a lightweight like myself didn't get anything from it.   They did give free popcorn however.  That's a plus. It all would have been okay if the crowd had been larger.  Oh and for the first 2 hours we were there...when there were perhaps 10 people total in the crowd...the piano players were given some of the most weird and lame song requests.  The older folks there had clearly never been to a piano bar and didn't understand the concept, so they were requesting classical songs and Celine Dion.  Erm...wrong place ladies and gents.   Ah well...it was a decent last night in Orlando for me.  But I'll stick with my more adult style piano bars in the future.
Jellyrolls is a dueling Piano bar at the Disney Boardwalk. The place is small, so seating is tight and there is often standing room only while you wait for a table. There are bars on both sides of the stage but they are often crowded with patrons so it may be a wait if you are walking up to order a drink. There are servers for the seated guests, but you may have to flag them down as they weave between tables and standing guests. Even though this is at a Disney Resort, this is truly a bar, so there is a cover charge, there is no food service, and children are not allowed. Drink prices are also higher since this is a Disney location. Also come prepared to tip for song requests. The entertainers are fun and very talented. There are two sets who alternate throughout the evening, so if you make a request that they feel will be better covered by the other pair of piano players, you may have to wait until another set to hear your request. Also, there are many requests for common piano-bar songs, so once it is played, even if you give a good tip, it will not be re-played. The mood is fun with singing along greatly encouraged. The crowd is a bit older and more subdued than the crowd at the Howl-at-the-Moon Piano bar on I drive. If you like this type of entertainment, you can deal with the small dark space and you can find a table, you will enjoy yourself for several hours at Jellyrolls.
Its a dueling piano bar.  There's a $10 cover.  If you've never been, its like watching two guys sing karaoke and you can't join.  It can be a fun time, but I just dont dig it. :file under: what white people like. "sweet caroline... bah bah bah!"
First of all, I can't believe it took me SO long to go to Jellyrolls - I could positively slap myself!!!  AMAZING time!  BEST time I've had at a bar EVER!  Seriously!   Every hour they switch out the piano players, but they are all wonderful!  You can't exactly expect the same people to stay up there the entire night; playing, singing, and being that energetic can take a lot out of a person - they need a break.  Tips or not, they do try to play every request.  I thought it was hilarious because if one of them didn't know a song, he would ball up the napkin the song was written on and throw it to the guy at the other piano.  They really engage the audience and I couldn't help but sing along the entire night!! The staff were all excellent.  The bouncers were all polite, friendly, and courteous.  The servers were on top of their tables, all had smiles on their faces and seemed as if they really love their job and actually wanted to be there. As others have said before, the drinks are pricey but you get a good pour.  I do suggest getting the nightly 32 ounce drink special for $9 bucks.  I had two and there's no way I could have had a third and managed to walk out without assistance! LOL  Bottles of beer are pricey as well at $5 bucks a bottle; for that price for a beer, I'd suggest going for the liquor! The bar is kept quite clean, although the restrooms could have used a little more attention.  As with everything else at Disney, it's a smoke-free environment; so, you'll have to step outside if you're a smoker.  No worries, you get a hand stamp when you first enter so you can come and go for the night.  There is the $10 cover, which, in my humble opinion, is well worth the show!  It's also 21+ and the crowd ranges, which is nice, because as long as you are of legal drinking age you won't feel out of place no matter what your age may be. Living only a short 15 minute drive away, I see myself here many, many more times!  I have found my favorite spot to kick back and relax!!
Thank you PJ F. for messaging me regarding my poor review of Jellyrolls. It sealed the deal that I will never return to your establishment. (I have altered the message to edit out some choice language): "Y u say?? thats cuz you got way to much time on your hands.... first of all there is a BIG sing right in the front door way....of  jellyrolls And if your to stupid to read and blind to see it ...... there is a big tham sing that reads NO VIDEO TAPING STRICTLY PROHIBITED  DUMB ASS ... and your a b**ch that comment about pj f**k u how about that!!! And how if your so tham blind to read A simple directions from a sing how cloud you even see the person from the security staff was high..? its so f***king dark in that place.... STUPID.! .... who the fuck ask's some one at a bar oh turn the air down how f**king stupid dose that just sound wake up bitch your the complete dick..."
Okay, so I must first say that I LOVE piano bars.  I can sit there all night, drinking beer and singing along loudly to Journey and Billy Joel.  I've been to a couple in Orlando and I'm a fan.  So I figured that I'd give Jellyrolls a try! On the good side, the piano players are excellent.  They can pretty much play anything you hand them.  They did seem to be making a good effort to get in everyone's requests. On the downside, the music was a little odd.  They did play a bunch of the usual piano bar "fare" - Piano Man, Only the Good Die Young, Don't Stop Believing, etc.  But for about an hour, they delved into this horrendous mix of weird and outdated country songs.  Most of them had to do with Tennessee.  Now, I have nothing against the place (and the people from TN next to me seemed to be having the time of their life) - but it got a little boring.  They also played a pretty horrifying rendition of "Bad Romance" by Lady Gaga.  On a list of "songs that should not be played on the piano" - that one is pretty high on the list.  Also, the piano players were obviously extremely talented but they definitely lacked in the crowd interaction.  I felt like they were kinda boring honestly. Another con - the drinks were really expensive.  Although, I can't say that I was really surprised since Jellyrolls is on Disney property.   Last con - it was a little too "cutesy" and "clean" for my tastes.  Yes, I like a little raunchy thrown into my piano bar experiences.  No cursing, older crowd, kinda tame.   All in all, not my cup of tea... but I can see that I'd probably enjoy it if I was a tourist staying in the area.
I'm not sure about others -- but after getting bled dry by Mickey all week, I felt a bit ripped off for having to pay $10/head just to walk into this bar. As far as dueling pianos go, not so great.  The players just weren't up to the caliber of the Big Bangs I have been to in other cities. The well drinks might as well of been koolaid, and the beers were all expensive and bottled. I am not sure we would have stayed as long as we did had we not paid $20 to get in.
I've got to take one star off because the drinks are a little on the expensive side, they don't hand you an itemized check, and (as far as I know) there's no written list of drinks and prices, but those are really the only qualms I had with Jellyrolls. If you want a seat, you'll need to show up rather early, but you'll never be bored. The dueling pianists keep the songs coming all night long, as well as the laughs. When they're not playing requests and encouraging sing-a-longs, they're engaging the audience in games and jokes. Some things to note for optimal good times: they do work primarily from requests, and it is considered good form to tip every time you request (write it on a paper napkin and put it and the cash on one of the pianos). Obviously, bigger tips get a better response ($3-$5 seems to be the standard), but they do try to refund people's unfulfilled requests. The bar takes cards and allows tabs, so save your cash for the pianos.
If you are looking for a place to go and hangout for a little bit, this might be the place. It does have a $12 cover to get in since it is a piano bar and just serves alcohol. The atmosphere is ok. I felt like the whole act was kinda forced. Don't know if that happens to be because it is on Disney property. I had heard good things about this place but it fell a little flat for me. The crowd was an older crowd until later in the night.
A dueling pianos bar IN the Disney World complex. How awesome! Located on Disney Boardwalk, Jellyrolls provides late night entertainment for adult visitors. They charge a $12 cover at the door. From there, just have fun. Believe me when I say, I'm no prude when it comes to alcohol, but I opted for sobriety on this visit to the bar. Regardless, I thoroughly enjoyed listening & being entertained by the pianists. The performers are great. The crowd is moreso on the mature side, but there are plenty of patrons in their 20s joining in on the raucous. If you love singing along with crowds of people & have time & energy to kill after hiking around the parks, DEFINITELY check this place out. I guarantee it'll be worth the visit.
I love this place, and my wife loves it more. We found out about it a few months ago after we moved to Florida and have been going back ever since. Absolutely a great time. Yes it's a $10 cover, yes they only sell popcorn. But that's fine. And yes, their drinks are "Disney Drinks" (flavored water) unless you know what to order - the last time we were there my wife and our friend got a Blue Long Island and they were gone after one, let alone the three they each got! If you don't like listening to guys covering random songs and people singing and dancing to them and just having fun this place is not for you. And it's definitely "Disney", so if you want somewhere raunchy this is not your place. We have been meaning to try Howl at the Moon in Orlando, but we here it's more.. risque than Jellyrolls. And my wife is quite happy without that and content with going to Jellyrolls the rest of her life.
Pros: Fun, lively atmosphere Pianists play requests (tipping is recommended... don't be cheap- you're on vacation) Interactive atmostphere For those who don't like the dance club Cons: $10 cover even during the week when bar is half empty Play same songs night to night in some cases Drinks are not strong and not cheap IF you don't get a seat, it is very crowded bar area I would definately go back here, although it seems that the more people that are in the place the more fun the atmosphere is.
BEST PLACE FOR AN AWESOME NIGHT ON DISNEY PROPERTY!! My girlfriends and I always have reunions in Disney World...We get off the plane...we don't go pass GO...we don't collect $200...we go DIRECTLY to Jellyrolls!! Get the nightly drink special! $10 for 32oz!! You can't miss! The pianists are AMAZINGLY talented, hysterical, and fun!! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
Kind of thought they might serve rolls or something, maybe with jelly. But no, no rolls, no jelly. Just expensive drinks and piano players.  Some obnoxious people angry because the rest of the room wasn't going apeshit and freaking out about how great the music was (it was ok).  I think I would have been more fun without those people - we hate when people try to tell us how to react, especially when they are quite clearly overreacting and quite possibly on anti-depressants. So, this is to say, if you're one of those people who insists that everyone else should appear to as much goofy fun as you are trying to make people think you are having... Don't be.
I love this place. Dueling piano bars are always fun. They have a team of four pianists that just bring the house down. It doesn't matter the day of the week, there is always full house. It's kind of small though which on the weekends makes it standing room only if you come an hour after opening. Drink flow easily and plentiful but not cheap. Mind you, if you order at the table through a waitress they automatically open up a $50 bar tab hold on your card. No bueno! You are not allowed to video in there for some reason which is prolly good since you don't want your American Idol wanne be time ending up on YouTube :) Try it out, you'll have a great time, I promise!
If you're staying on Disney property and don't mind paying a bit of a premium for drinks, this place is EXCELLENT. I have been to quite a few dueling piano bars in my time, and this place really knows how it's done.  Every single one of the musicians is top notch (I think they have about 6 in total).  Free popcorn and not too crowded. Be sure to request "It's not easy being green". Cast members also get in for free, which was a huge perk when I was there for a year.
Awesome dueling piano bar. Lots of fun. The crowds are lively and the pianists are super talented. There is a $12 cover charge, but Disney cast members get in for free. Tables are a little hard to come by because it gets pretty crowded, but the energy of the place makes you want to get up a dance anyway! Who needs chairs?
Love it! Went on a Wednesday night around 9 after Epcot and stayed until midnight. Perfect for a chill night/a couple drinks after the parks. The performers are amazingly talented and they really do put on an awesome show. Only downsides were the costs of drinks but you can do it cheap if you order right (my friend got a 32 oz rum drink for $10). I had chardonnay for $7 a glass which isn't great but if you factor in that the show is free (only for disney employees - no cover) it's a pretty good deal. I wish they served food though! Definitely will be back, best place on the Boardwalk for sure.
This is a fun place to hang on Disney Property.  The crowd is fun, and the piano players are very talented. A cover charge during the week, for a half empty bar may be a bit excessive...   and of course the drink prices are a bit high, but the pour is decent.
This was the saddest piano bar I have ever been to!!!  I was straying at the Dolphin for a work conference and my co-workers and I spent 2 of the 3 nights is downtown Orlando (highly recommended - don't hang at the resort) but we wanted to give the resort bars and clubs a shot for one of the nights.  That was a BAD decision!  This piano bar just had a bunch of people seated and staring at the pianists.  No one was singing along or even looked like they were having a good time.  We had one drink, paid and left.
Free popcorn! Yummy drinks! Dueling pianos! SING ALONGS?!?! SOOOO much fun! I love Jellyrolls! Get there pretty early as it fills up really fast.  They take requests and can play everything and anything.... as long as you leave a super tip ;)
This place could be really cool, but the lack of audience kind of ruins the whole piano bar experience. The drinks are so expensive.. which I get, its a Disney resort bar so what do you expect right? Maybe I just have high expectations since I used to love the piano bar at my college town.
Visiting Orlando, without visiting Jellyrolls would not be a sin  This place is awesome!  The closest thing in California is Howl at the Moon, but it's just not the same.  The pianist there really now how to work the crowd and get them involved!  I have never had a bad time there.  The drinks are ok a little overpriced, but occasionally they will have a drink special.  If you are the area, definitely go!
Entertainers were all very talented. Great playing, vocals/harmony. If u want to drink all night just b ready to spend...a lot. $12 cover...but hey, it's Disney, they'll run u dry, but in the nicest way.:)
Overall we had a great experience. Jelly rolls is a good time and would definitely recommend it to anyone staying in the area. My only complaint is the drinks. They are overpriced and watered down. For example the 32oz special for $10 sounds like a great deal until you find out there are only 2 shots in the entire drink. Still a good time though and worth checking out.
Jellyrolls was fun but the drinks were super weak.  It had kind of a cheesy feel to it and an older crowd of probably conventioneers.  The experience you get depends on the performers up there at the time, some are crazy talented and some are, well, just fine.  The "impromptu" conga line was a bit startling.  I prefer the off-site Howl at the Moon.
This place is your typical piano bar. Good for groups but expensive drinks as it is on the Disney property.
Giant sing-along!  The piano players at this bar were fantastic and they took requests all night and the crowd really gets into it!  This is a great place to go with a group, be prepared for fun!
The place is downright fun.
Jellyrolls is a very nice place.  It is in a great location and I like the atmosphere.  I've rated it an ok because the drink prices are off the charts.  The talent of the piano players is unbelieveable because they can play tunes that are on the top 40 chart today.  They are worth it to see them and it will be an entertaining time.  I just think that people would go more often if they had a drink special night or simply drink specials on some things.
If there wasn't a $10 cover I would have given them 5 stars.  I had a ball - wish there was more seating...  But for a dueling piano bar it was fun.  I especially loved how they muted the dirty words out of the songs - gotta love Disney ;)  It really was fun, nice crowd, good staff.  Parking wasn't that bad either considering we had to park off site in another lot - which initially really ticked me off.  Boardwalk in itself is a nice area.  Good time.
I love that there's a place at Disney that's 21 and up. The place is a lot of fun and the piano players are extremely talented. It's well worth the cover!
Okay.. so was here on a company trip from a fortune 500 company. They need more bartenders.  bunch of cheap owners. Music is great but.. not worth the music. and wait to get a beer.
This place has some amazing musicians - seriously impressive.  I had a blast with my group of friends the night we went.  The cover charge was $12 on a Sunday night.  I'm not sure if it varies by night.  The place was very busy, such that it was hard to find a table, but not so busy that we were shoulder to shoulder with people.  Still, even when we had a table, I was surprised someone from the wait staff never came by.  I had to go to the bar to get drinks, but the wait wasn't terrible.  Drink prices weren't cheap, but nothing I wasn't expecting from Disney.  If you're looking for a place open past 11, that serves alcohol on Disney property, your choices are very limited - fortunately this place is such a gem.  Overall, the talented musicians made this an extremely memorable night of our trip.
This is one of my favorite bars to frequent while working at or visiting Disney.  It's a bit pricey so Jellyrolls is usually reserve this place for special occasions.  It tends to be hit or miss based on the crowd for that night.  When I first started going it was usually packed (a good mix of party, conventioners, and cast members), but sometimes I've gone in and it's been rather empty.  The guys who play are very good and highly entertaining, but my favorite is that they refuse to play a song twice.  I've been to other piano bars and at times have heard Piano Man or Sweet Caroline more than twice.  Not a problem here.  The drinks are expensive (seriously, what isn't at Disney World?).  I usually go with the beer (LOVE that you can get Yuengling in FL), but the mixed drinks I've gotten have been fine.  Like many have said, really this is a hit or miss place, but if you happen to go on a busy night then you'll have a great time!
