Wow. Completely impressed by the food. Went in after reading yelp reviews knowing it wasnt going to be an elegant type place, but who cares when the food and staff are so great! Had the broiled scallops which were large, cooked just right and a little seasoning. Scrumptous. My parents had the french onion soup which looked amazing. If i wasnt a vegetarian I would have tried it. Also had the fried shrimp plate. Waitress and host (manager?) were very friendly and answered all our questions. They also made sure to point out their specials. Cant wait to come back!  My only complaint - we didnt think to order the onion loaf. A table near us did and it was all we could do not to go to their table and ask for a slice! Oh and the key lime pie was to die for. Very limey and incredibly creamy
had dinner last night and the food and service is outstanding, I had Redfish with a crab hollandaise topping and it was perfect. We had a half a pound of boiled shrimp that were sweet and tasty. My date had broiled scallops and a side of fried shrimp all cooked just right. I didn't catch our servers name but she was outstanding. Will 100% return. The only thing I don't get is the Christmas decorations in August?
Went here recently after a day at Legoland - guided by the yelp reviews.  I have to agree with everyone this place is great!  The perfect, casual hole-in-the-wall seafood restaurant that one hopes to find when visiting the area. The outside is deceptive.  Pulling up, if it weren't for the sign you'd think the structure was just a house!  But once inside you're treated to an exceptionally friendly staff in a old, quaint atmosphere.  5 stars for keeping it real! We started with the gator bites which were really good.  It was a bit too adventurous for one of my daughters but my other kids loved them!  We also shared a French onion soup and couldn't agree more with the other reviews...it's fantastic!  You really pick up the wine in the broth, the cheese is great and not over browned.  Very succulent! For entrees I had one of the fish if the day (swordfish).  You can get any fish prepared any one of about 10 ways listed on the menu.  I chose blackened.  Very tasty!  I got two sides:  cole slaw and a salad.  These were normal - not bad but not standout either.  My wife got fish tacos which were made with fried cod, mango salsa and cole slaw.  These were excellent!  My son (15) got broiled tilapia which was a very generous portion for only $13.  He loved it.  My daughters ordered from the kids menu and got so much food they couldn't finish! For dessert the girls got ice cream with their kids meals, and the rest of us got peanut butter pie which is homemade right there!  It was decadent!   This was an extremely welcome surprise to find this restaurant in the area and do plan on stopping in even if we aren't visiting legoland!
Authentically charming. Harrys is an old house full of good food. A party from Quebec had 3 extra seats so we ate with them! The food prices are very fair and the seafood much better than average. I had Maine lobster and it was perfect. The fish and chips looked wonderful. The chef whipped up a custom pan sauce to accommodate my son's onion allergy. Pasta dishes my son and wife had looked good but I will forever rave about the Cole slaw. Sometimes it is the little things.
Totally enjoyed dinner. Something for everyone. My husband ordered one of the specials... Sword fish with apricots and Brie. AMAZING!   The kids had great meals too. Would recommend for any seafood lover.
We had a wonderful family meal at Harry's old place. From the moment we walked in we were made to feel so welcome at this family run establishment. The quality of the food was top notch and the price was reasonable. The kids found it amazing that the owner served them their food by name. Good job by the waitress listening! It's so nice to go to a local restaurant rather than a chain. There are so many gems around like this one. We would go back next time we are at Legoland Florida.
I think we were the token people under 80 years old in this joint but I have to say, the food was damn fine!  The prices were actually affordable and they offered fried or broiled of the good stuff.  I had the fried shrimp which was excellent and NOT greasy.  The side of veggies was pretty good....nice buttery zucchini with peppers and corn....yum.  The only sad thing was that they were all out of cheesy grits which nearly crushed my soul.  They keep the restaurant clean and our server took care of everything.  I also noticed the owner, apparently named Harry, actively working with his staff, delivering dinners and interacting with the customers.  If I ever have the misfortune of being in Winter Haven again I will definitely stop here.  YUM!
This was a first time experience for us...but definitely not the last. So happy we found this little gem out of the beaten path restaurant. The ambiance is old colonial...and the service was impeccable with our waitress Katie. I chose the Dolphin (no, not Flipper) and it was the first time I had tried it. It was just excellent and melted in your mouth. My wife had a shrimp platter which she truly enjoyed as well...cooked to perfection. The owner of the restaurant brings the food to each table, and is a real nice guy. When we arrived, we were told that the waiting time would be around 40 minutes....but 15 minutes later..we were at our table. There are tables outside on the porch..where you can enjoy a drink while you wait to be seated. So if you are tired of the franchise chain type restaurant...give Harry's Old Place a try..you will leave feeling you got a lot of bang for your buck, content, and FULL......Enjoy. :-D
Its the fish in the bag! Word. But I don't like fish. Everything on the menu is excellent and the service is great. I can't wait to get back here. They treat everyone like family. Only problem here can be parking. Its so popular getting a spot can be hard. And they run out of stuff cause its all fresh. That's not a bad thing. You just know its not frozen and precooked.
I definitely enjoyed this place.  The grouper was great--probably the best I have ever had.  I had it blackened.  My wife's fish was also very good.  She had a grilled tilapia.
Like others have mentioned, this place is excellent, and exactly what we were looking for.  After spending the day at Legoland (which my kids liked more than Disney!) they have a tourist/information booth on they way out.  Their sign said they can make restaurant recommendations.  This place was the only one on their list that wasn't a chain establishment so it was the only option for us.   I think the place looks great from the outside - a typical independent restaurant.  It is a 'nice' restaurant but not 'upscale'.  The clientele was mostly retirees that were well dressed but no one minded us tourists showing up in shorts and golf shirts.  The decor is what you would hope for in nice seafood restaurant - nautical in theme, wood, fish, etc. There was an extensive wait when we got there - about an hour - but we didn't have reservations either, we just showed up.  There was plenty of seating outside to wait and you can order a drink from the bar and have it outside while you wait.  They provide bar snacks too.  They gave my kids packets of goldfish crackers which was pretty cool.   The food was fantastic and well prepared.  There must have been eight different fish on the menu which you can have prepared to your liking.  We had yellow tail and wahoo.  Both were excellent.  My kids ordered off the kids menu which was mostly typical kids menu stuff.  Pricing was very reasonable.  Service was excellent and friendly.  One of the waitstaff (not my waitress) asked me my kids names earlier in the evening.  During the meal he brought some food to the table for my kids, calling them all by name and telling them that one of my kids had told him their names earlier, which of course my kid denied.  They got a great kick out of this and left them wondering.  It was all fun.   I highly recommend the place and if I'm in the area would not hesitate to go back at all.
Waited for 1.5 hours for a table. They were out of 2 of their 3 draft beers. Prime rib was on menu and on the board, but, by the time we were seated, they were out (8 pm). The fish was ok, but overall, the meal was mediocre.  To top it off, they were also out of key lime pie.
The reviews are correct. The food is great, the menu is huge and varied, the service was great but this place can get busy and fill up. Also, the Key Lime Pie was better here than in Key Largo where I went later in the week.
Found this gem while visiting from out of town. We absolutely loved this place. Fresh seafood posted on a chalkboard, great service, and delicious food. Highly recommend to everyone!
Loved it! We saw the great reviews that Harry's had gotten on Trip Advisor, and I'm so glad we came. Everything we ordered was fantastic: catches of the day (Corvina and Amberjack), steak, gator bites (get the buffalo ones), and PIE (had to get mine to go, but DO IT). Both the peanut butter and key lime pies were amazing! (Harry even had Yuengling on draft!!) We liked how friendly everyone was, and we had a great conversation with Harry, who, it turns out, went to High School in our neighborhood here in Philly! Small world! If you want a relaxing atmosphere with top notch food and very fair prices, Harry's is the place to go.
This restaurant is located in Winter Haven about three miles from Legoland.  We arrived about six to find a 45 minute wait that turned into an hour.  It was OK because they allow you to grab an adult beverage and relax and one of the many benches on the wrap around front porch.  You can't really wait in the bar because it is a counter with four (yes count them) seats and 2 two seat-er tables (beer and wine only) The restaurant it self is two sections split by the bar.  The front section is about twenty tables. The back section is a cozy little ten table set up overlooking Lake Ned (Really).  We were lucky enough to be seated by the window there and were treated to a wonderful view of the sunset on the lake as we dined. We tried the duck fingers as our appetizer. You just don't see duck anymore.  I was bit worried it was going to be gamy or dry but it was perfect. Moist and tender duck breast strips in a light panko and cashew breading. The dipping sauce was soooo good. Followed by fried shrimp and mixed veggies. The shrimp were served butterflied and were huge. I think it was the tastiest and freshest shrimp I have had since I moved to Florida.  The vegetables were served in a delicious butter sauce and were done to perfection.  They do about 10 to 12 seafood dishes at any given time served any way you like it. They also have steaks and a few sandwiches. The service was spot on and we watched the owners do everything from talk with the guests, to serve the guests, and then clear the tables all evening long.  The place runs like a well oiled machine and feels like family.  This was my first visit and it felt like my tenth.  If they had a hundred tables, you would probably still wait an hour for a seat.   Bottom line: Great food, Great service, Friendly staff, Large Portions, and Good Prices.  This one is a home run!!
2nd visit and again ditto food and service... GREAT!!! If your looking for fresh Great Seafood this place is a must!!!
Fresh seafood.  Ambience is nice enough.  Owner is very pleasant and friendly.  Known for a pecan-encrusted fish prepared in a paper bag.  This restaurant is a favorite of the locals and seems to cater to an older clientele.  The seasonings were not aggressive enough for my liking.
Would've been 5 stars but the last time I went there, my boyfriend's fish was dry.  That being said, the food here is usually AMAZING and their fresh seafood selection is the BEST in the Winter Haven area.  I'd be there every day if I could afford it!
Don't judge this place by the outside....it's the inside and the wonderful fresh seafood which is being served! We tire of chain restaurants and always look for where the locals go. No disappointment here. Friendlfy, attentive wait staff - eccentric decor. Husband had the fish & chips, I opted for the catfish basket. Absolutely delicious! Parking is limited, so get here eary!
Aww I love this place!  It's so cute and has great seafood!
I adore Harry's Old Place!  The food is consistently wonderful as is the service.  Well worth the usual and sometimes long wait.  The staff is especially accomodating and always quick with a smile and assistance.  My recommendation is to go and go often!!
Great food. Staff is very knowledgable . Best seafood in town hands down. Wide selection of fresh fish. Prices are very reasonable as well...
Upon reading the previous reviews, we ventured over to Harry's while in town for a bowling tournament for our son. We enjoy good seafood and we were not disappointed. We are trying to be healthy so we ordered the broiled seafood platter and the blackened corvina with garlic and capers. Harry's offers many flavors/styles for the broiled fishes, take advantage of those options. Husband thought the platter was a tad bit bland and wished he had asked for it blackened. The quality of the seafood was excellent and the service was very pleasant! As mentioned by others, the staff is very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was very relaxed and kind of had a home feel. The owners were very involved in all aspects of the service. We chatted with both of them numerous times during our visit. We did indulge in a piece of homemade key lime pie and it was very good, nice finish to our meal. If you enjoy seafood and are in town for Legoland or some other reason, plan a visit to Harry's.
Great local seafood place. Fish is always fresh and the service is always great. Mussels are one of my favorites.
Harry's was like an oasis in a sea of overpriced and mediocre (and unoriginal) eateries in the area.  The fish was delicious and fresh. Everything we ordered was very good. The staff  was friendly and accommodating.  We had a wonderful, relaxing dinner (with the kids!) after the poor food and crowds at the Orlando Parks and Legoland. It was a wonderful, really. Enjoy!
Me and my family arrived right when they opened and the service was good but the food was definitely not up to par. I ordered the broiled grouper sandwich and it tasted "chemical" so did my wifes shrimp. The atmosphere was pleasant but we will not be returning.
Discovered Harry's as we were driving thru Winter Haven, thanks to Yelp. Glad we did! Reasonably priced lunch, great service and they had whole clams on the menu! Can' t generally find those outside of New England! What a treat! Wish I lived nearby--I'd be a regular! Harry knows his fish!
This is a seafood restaurant and they do  a great job at preparing their dishes.  I would recommend to anyone who visits Winter Haven.   The owner speaks to you and is really great with children too!
