Coming from NYC I didn't think a local spa could compare to the pedicures down there. Boy was I wrong. The pedicure Monique gave me was the most relaxing, best pedicure in the world!!! What a beautiful decor as well. Everyone is super friendly and I will certainly be back over and over again!
I purchased a spa package from Groupon with a 30 minute Swedish massage, mini-facial, and manicure. I didn't expect much from this spa in the corner of a plaza, especially when it took me a few phone calls to make my appointment. The women that work at the spa blew me away. They were so professional and so good at what they do. My massage from Kimber was a lot deeper than Swedish, and she immediately found the spot in my back that is always bugging me and went to work. She explained what is going on with my tissue and offered me discounted hour long massages since it would be more medical than spa. Off I went to the facial aesthetician, who was so sweet and MY LORD! My face feels so soft and amazing. All of her products smelled delicious and definitely did great work. She had a great touch and her application felt a lot like the best facial I ever received at the Plaza in NYC. Then I went in the room across the hall for my manicure. It was perhaps the most detailed manicure I've ever gotten, taking about 45 minutes. She did a great job with my cuticles and a really nice hand massage, and such a great job applying the polish. I picked a sheer sparkly color and she gave me three very thin and even coats, and somehow it dried really quickly and didn't chip at all. Honestly, I can't say enough about the women who work here and the great job they did. The spa is nicely remodeled inside and I loved all the products. My only complaint is that the loud dance music was playing so loud in the salon area with the hairdressing stations that it overpowered the quiet spa music in the massage/facial rooms and was very distracting. I could hear all the conversations over the blow dryer during my facial especially. I can't complain though - I can't believe the quality of the services I received at the Groupon rate! It was a wonderful experience.
This is a really nice salon and everyone was very sweet. I got a manicure/pedicure with Monique and she was excellent. Super thorough and a very nice person. I am 9 moths pregnant so I was really looking forward to treating myself and that is exactly how I felt leaving my appointment, felt totally relaxed, pampered and my nails looks perfect.
I was desperate for a pedicure.  I decided I couldn't stand it any longer and wanted to make an appointment on Friday for the following Monday.  Trouble is, a lot of salons aren't open on Monday.  I have driven by this place many times and decided to check them out on the internet.  I LOVE that they have online scheduling.  I don't have to call and talk to someone, I can make an appointment online, whenever I want.  Great.  I noticed they are open on Mondays.  Super great.  I made an appointment and received confirmation in no time.   I arrived for my appointment and was very impressed with the interior of the salon.  It doesn't look like much from the outside but whoever did the interior obviously thought it out.  It's done in a nice combination of grey, black and silver.  Mondays must not be a big day because I was the only one there.  SWEET! My appointment was with Danielle.  I ended up having a pedicure and a manicure and she did a GREAT job.  I didn't feel rushed at all and it was very relaxing.  I will definitely be back!
This review is for service and a manicure. I was in town on business from NYC and tore a nail at night. I looked up the closest salon and walked in without an appointment. They were able to adjust to fit me in almost right away - not in a desperate way, they were actually rather busy . They offered a drink: coffee, tea, water, or wine, which was just perfect. I was brought to the "nail room", separate from the haircuts/loud blow-driers etc. The only negative is that the nail color selection was a bit  limited. I (unexpectedly) LOVED the color I chose, but there were not as many options as I am accustomed to. The facility itself was new and quite clean, and the staff is wonderful. They made every effort to make me comfortable. This is a fairly new business and certainly deserves a following.
Stylish. Nice people. Will go back.
Went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Previously Ive been going to the same salon for the last two years and was having a terrible time with roots even after going to get my hair done and uneven haircuts.  I had my hair done by Kaleigh and she did an amazing done. I love my hair. My highlights and low lights are right to my root, i loved my cut. The place was amazing so nice, with chandeliers, and awesome color scheme and paint job. i felt spoiled while getting my hair cut and was served a beverage too! Definitely would recommend this salon, and Kaleigh to anyone! They are located in the plaza with Peter Harris all the way to the left. And don't let the outside appearance deceive you... The place looks small from the outside but is huge when you walk in! Do yourself a favor and get pampered at Revival Salon and Spa next time.
