Garlic knots are a must. Pizza is good but try some of the dishes. Very well done and family oriented. Staff is very friendly. Vodka Rigatoni is yum and filling
I went here while on travel for work.  I  like to try some local places when I'm in town. I also like what I'll affectionately call "dive"  pizzerias. So when I saw this place a block from my hotel I thought it might be worth a shot. When I saw the reviews here I decided to go. This place definitely lives up to the reviews.  I had the stromboli. It was very good. The place is small and parking can be a challenge but it's definitely worth the trip. If you're in the area I highly recommend it.
amazing pizza! Ny quality and taste! Not your typical Florida pie! great cheese sweet sauce ! A everything works together! btw The garlic knots are killer! The outside looks ugly and passable but don't let that change your mind! it is a diamond in the rough! eat here!
We really wanted to like this place but we hated it instead. First of all, I got one slice of pizza. That's a great way to find out if its any good before laying out a lot of $$ for a whole pizza. They (the owner) promised me that it was just like NY pizza and of course it wasn't. That must be the biggest lie ever told in Florida. Then we ordered the large stromboli to split. It was good, but it wasn't a stromboli that the waitress brought out. It was a large calzone. Well, if Pasquale's can't get that right, then I'm certain that we'll never go back there. At first I thought that was how they made their stromboli (which is rolled), but after I started to eat it, I saw that it was a calzone (which is folded over). Also, the stromboli costs more than the calzone. This joint is one and done.
My husband and I had gone here for lunch based on a yelp review saying they were good. For lunch we had the stromboli with the veggies in it but asked for them to replace the pepperoni in the stromboli with meatball instead because with being pregnant pepperoni makes me have heart burn really bad, and they were kind enough to just do a sub for no extra charge for us with the circumstances. We also started with the order of garlic knots, which were amazingly yummy. I recommend unless you are starving to get a small stromboli my husband and I ordered a large to share and there was still a hard thing to take down between the both of us. The stromboli was amazing, the service was great, and everyone in the restaurant was nice. We will definitely not be searching for any other pizza place after having been here!
Great pizza, wings were pretty good too! Service was slow but good environment. We split a large pizza with 3 others and still had almost half left over. Good quality pizza, authentic style and taste.
Went here with my son after a day at Legoland. He had spaghetti with marinara sauce which was great. I had two slices of pizza with everything on them. Pizza wasn't bad, buuuut the mushrooms were canned or jarred or something. Definitely not fresh. I know that sounds petty, but I love pizza, and when the veggies are fresh, they brown beautifully in the oven. That is what pizza veggies should look like. When they are canned or jarred, they are packed in liquid, so they are juicy, and they STAY juicy. They do not get crisp or brown in the oven. That's gross. Just sayin.
Thought I'd add to my previous review. My wife & I have made Pasquale's a regular place on our nights out. We still think the place is great but it can get a little crowded some nights and you might actually have to wait a few minutes for a table. But the staff is good about finding you one and cleaning it out right away. One thing I've found is that its a good idea to add extra cheese to your pizza orders. They just taste a little better with a little more cheese. All the other foods are great too. We've tried things other than the pizza and have never been disappointed.
Great stromboli,pizza and subs. Even the Philly cheesesteak is awesome. Service is always good, this is the real deal for Italian food.
Old style Italian food at a decent price. The service is really good and it is good place for all ages. The food is also good and plentiful. It's much better than the chain restaurants in that area. I will definitely be back.
The "cheese steak works" has mushrooms, green and red peppers and of course steak and cheese. It was a great sandwich, maybe a tad overpriced but it WAS really good, I'm not going to complain. The pizza looked okay but I tend to have particular tastes and when it comes to pizza, Florida just doesn't have it. I at least haven't found it yet... Someone, if you know of a place,  please let me know...
We must have went on a bad night....the pizza was the worst pizza we ever had....seriously, it had a real bad taste to it. This was the first (and last) time for us. Maybe their other food is good, hence why I jacked it up to 2 stars....otherwise I would have given it only 1 for their pizza.
Oh my goodness....the Alfredo...THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! You can really tell the food here is authentic! Also, the greasy garlic knots are amazing!
It's great food! They also have other options that aren't on the menu, I got my Stromboli deep fried and it kept the flavors like I've never tasted before! Amazing food and service, will recommend this place to everyone!
I found this barely okay pizza.  It is a "dive pizza place" as referenced below, with booths with scarred booth seating that pinches your legs in shorts.  They sell pizza by the pie or by the slice which is a plus.  I bought a $3 "everything" slice.  The crust is wafer-thin NY style with no taste.  It's basically a vessel to hold the toppings--and so thin you can't pick up and eat, had to knife and fork it.  Loaded with mushrooms (canned), onions and green peppers. Probably nuked and veggies added after a cheese pie was cooked.  (They  were not "stuck" under cheese.)  Great flavor but there was an unappetizing square flat dried out unidentified meat on the pizza that tasted like cardboard that just gave it a strange texture.  Diet Coke was $2  They were running a lunch special of two cheese slices and drink for $5 which is what I paid for my deluxe one slice and drink.  Not a bad deal.  Extensive menu of other salad, sandwich and pizza type options.  Reasonable prices.  Service was horrid--never got around to refills.  Good enough to try again, if you are not looking for "gourmet".
Homemade food. The best Garlic knots. Almost worth driving from Miami. It's a 5 out of 5.
My little ones and I love their food.  But more importantly, I've taken two different New York pizza snobs to Pasquales and they both said it was fantastic pizza.  Family owned and operated.  You don't get better than this!
Wow who knew! Great pizza in N Florida loved the steak n cheese. Great service. I do recommend!
We love this pizza! The garlic knots are delicious. We always make sure to come here on our visits!
Having lived in Philly, I have pretty high standards but the Stromboli was phenomenal. Excellent crust and just the right amount of filling. The house Chianti while I was waiting was decent too. I will definitely go back to try their pies.
PPPIIIIZZZZAAAA!!!  As close as it gets to NY pizza.  Even my friend from Brooklyn enjoys it.
My favorite pizza in Winter Haven.  Family owned and operated, it's a great 'regular' spot for the family.  Although I've yet to eat anything other than the pizza.
Great food, yummy garlic bread and pizza. We placed the order and drove down and picked it up. Everything was ready, the service was good and the kids were happy. 5 stars for me, As good as it gets.
Very quaint interior, friendly staff. Was happy with the food and menu choices. A definite stop for local pizza!
LONG RUDE AWAKENING ... A most unfortunate experience ... Our family w/ 2 small children endured: *  1+ hour wait at table for our pizza, *  observed Pasquale make table rounds & *  Pasquale averted his look our way .. n0t one visit! *  -when- the pizza eventually arrived, the order was incorrect .. n0t even close.   Our family felt so upset for being pushed aside w/ the restaurant's problems. We have a traditional 'pizza friday' nite.  However as a result of this most unpleasant experience at Pasquale's we will n0t be returning / recommending the place any time soon.
the plain cheese pizza is classic.
