Found this place using YELP.  Thanks for the great suggestion fellow Yelpers!  Great food at very reasonable prices. Neat location on a lake. They have a bar downstairs, right on the water.  Really nice views.  Very cool looking bar upstairs too. I was told by the locals that this is probably the nicest restaurant in Polk County.  Don't know who they compete with, but this was certainly pleasant.
Let me start by saying this was our first trip in many years and it was very very good. Kelly, our server was 100% fantastic and spot on and treated us great! Thank you Kelly!!  I started out with a dozen raw oysters that were huge, clean and super tasty! Then came my Blackened Grouper Sandwich, spot on! Everyone in our party of four loved their meals and can't wait to return. One of the better choices in the area! Go eat there!!
Like this place but the gal behind the bar is very moody She has good days but they are getting few and far between
Background: I'm originally from eastern Massachusetts and have eaten more than my fair share of good seafood. Frank and Manny's Harborside is a restaurant I visited a few years ago as "The Harborside", and at that time it was just OK. It probably would have received 2-3 stars. If you hadn't told me that I had eaten here before tonight, I would have said you were crazy. The entire place couldn't be more different! Both the outside and the inside were totally renovated and it looks fantastic. So I got a great first impression right away and the location--along Lake Shipp--couldn't be better, especially when we went, right before sunset. And even though it was Christmas Eve, we were seated right away. I was told that normally there's a wait. Our server, Bre, was very attentive. Drinks were refilled quickly and regularly. The house salad, served family style with creamy Italian dressing, was promptly brought out, and the breadsticks were awesome. They put the garlic breadsticks from a certain Italian chain restaurant to SHAME! I ordered the fried seafood platter, which featured cod, shrimp, scallops, oysters, and a crab cake. I had them hold back the oysters--I'm not a fan--but everything on the plate was awesome. The breading was light, and nothing was greasy. The crab cake in particular was almost entirely crab. Portion sizes were generous, but while some restaurants will substitute huge portions for presentation of the dish, Frank and Manny's dishes all looked wonderful. Another member of my party ordered the half rack of ribs and even though it filled the plate, he finished the thing but only barely. While I don't live locally, half of my party does, and told me that locals complain that this restaurant costs more than the other incarnation did. Honestly, the prices were exactly what I would expect to pay for what I got. A dinner for four coming out at around $100 is pretty good. And the restaurants are completely different. So if you're not trying this place out because you were here before, put that experience out of your mind and come back and try it again. The experience is worth the price. If I had known about the new bar down at water level before we got there, I'd have planned to have a few drinks before my meal. We took a walk through as we left and it looks like the perfect place for a happy hour with friends. While I'm not often in the area, I'll definitely be back. It was a great experience!
Good food.. but they are ALWAYS closed! It's the last time we will try to eat here. We drove a 30 minute drive to find out they are closed. But the web say they are to be opened! Such bull!! No way to runn a business except into the ground! Hungry and MAD!
Looking for a seafood restaurant after a day at Legoland, and this came up in Yelp, so we decided to give it a try.  Very nice setting, nice view.  Caleb was our server, did an excellent job explaining the specials.  The food was excellent, I had blackened mahimahi, other notable dishes were the Stuffed Trio, the gator tail appetizer which just disappeared, and my non-seafood eating son had a nice steak.  Everything came out very nicely done, and very tasty.  The only quibble we had, we had the margarita special (BOGO), but they were a bit on the weak side.  (Which was probably just as well as we had to drive back to Kissimmee.)  Definitely a recommended dinner spot.
Much improved from the old dive bar. We came here as a group of 26 this time it worked out great! Keep up the good work. We all received our food on time. It was a nice event there. We'll be back.
Went there early on a Saturday night.  They were busy and people were parking across the street.  The wait was about 20 minutes.  The couple that were with us suggested we go there and I wasn't overly thrilled becuase I had heard mixed reviews.  I was pleasantly suprised.  Our friends had mahi mahi and catfish and my wife and I had crabcakes and the ribeye steak with a side of shrimp.  It was really good.  The waitress was fine but not overly nice.  It didn't matter because it was fairly quick and the food was great.  We started with raw oysters and fried mushrooms and the hot items were served hot and the cold items were served cold.  I guess the only complaint was that the rice side dish one of our friends had didn't taste right but we had so much food it didn't matter.  In the end, we will probably go back. It certainly is a nice alternative in Winter Haven.
This is a beautiful restaurant. A great improvement from what was here years ago. It's a shame it is so poorly managed. We went on a Sunday night at 6:00 and we were told that they were locking the doors because they were running out of food. They were out of oysters, out of grouper and out of chicken. All chicken. The server also told us that this happens every Sunday. Inexcusable mismanagement. Doesn't matter how good the food is or how friendly the servers are if you don't have food to serve. Pay attention managers and buy your food better!
Harborside was completely rebuilt a few years ago and is a great place to enjoy a meal. It's rare to find a place on the water with good seafood and an excellent view. I recommend sitting in the screened in lower bar and enjoying dinner and a drink. Eat indoors if you're time constrained because it takes a little longer to be severed in the lower bar. I especially recommend the Oysters and being there for sunset.
A great, independent Winter Haven restaurant. I had the blackened Grouper which was the BIGGEST Grouper I have ever had. (and I order a lot of grouper). This place has been totally rebuilt, has a very nice atmosphere inside, and a cool waterfront outdoor porch with bar and eating tables. The service was top notch as well. They also have a brand new dock for boaters. Definitely going back.
Wow!  Fresh, delicious seafood and friendly service from Michelle!  We had the broiled seafood sampler, crab legs and mahi mahi.  Well done!  We will definitely be back!
Harbor Side is a huge place and a popular hangout for "young people".  Many a 21'st birthday party has been held here.  It's not overly raucous most weekends but it definitely gets crowded. There's an enormous deck and since it's along the shore of Lake Shipp, offers cool evenings when you're sweltering in the Sunshine State.   Just remember to put some insect repellant on if your friends prefer their beers al fresco, because the mosquitos will eat you alive if it's the right (aka wrong) season.
You know those days when you just WANT a certain something and you smile wide and bright when you find it?  Yeah...that would have been our time at Frank and Manny's Harborside.  Since we're away from our beloved Florida Keys and in need of sunshine and water to contemplate the many things on our mind....I needed...water.  And there it was!  A beautiful lake with boats and people enjoying themselves.  And there we sat on the back deck (screened in) at Harborside to just enjoy....being.  Our waiter was great and took care of us.  Introduced himself as "Name is like Ouija board, only spelled differently."  Found out on the bill that he spells it "Wigy."  He was attentive and quick with us.  Was disappointed that they were out of oysters, but we got the mussels, bang bang shrimp and New England clam chowder.  The broth -- wine, garlic, tomato, scallions -- was divine and great for dunking the complimentary bread sticks.  The mussels were soft and juicy and they were all open and edible.  We received free "endless" salad, which was really good, but we didn't want to fill up on it too much.  The fire bang bang shrimp were cooked perfectly and the creamy, spicy sauce on the side is a great dipping accompaniment.  As a snooty (LOL) New Englander, though, the clam chowder wasn't up to par.  It was a bit too "flour" tasting and was very bland.  We added about 8 tablespoons of the mussel broth to it, as well as salt, pepper, and a few dashes of Tabasco sauce and VOILA!  Much better!  I felt like Remy from Ratatouille fixing it to my liking.  But, as I said, I consider myself a clam chowder expert and they could do a little work on theirs.  All in all, a lovely experience and a great location that I could sit and enjoy for a long time.  Good job and we'll definitely be back!
Wow. Here on a biz trip and absolutely blown away. Great location, view and food! Impressed for a small town joint. Best scallops and crab cake I've ever had; and I'm a seafood addict/snob!! Everyone here looks like they are having just as great a time as I am. If I'm ever back, I know where I'll be catching every dinner.
Good, but not amazing.  The service was blah as our waiter didn't know the specials and was almost surprised someone would has him what he'd recommend.  The food was delicious and the ambiance was fantastic; the service and higher than average prices will make this my last visit.
This was my second visit to Frank and Manny's Harborside and I can't tell you how Disappointed we all were ...First of all they advertise a new Early Dinner special menu and happy hour drinks for Sunday to Thursday ,So 8 of us decide to go boating on Sunday which was also Fathers Day "3 Fathers on the the Boat that day" And eat at harborside that afternoon , We were all looking forward to a Great Dinner there only to find out that all they had was a Special Father's Day Menu with all the Prices Raised to Gouge all the Family's that came in to eat dinner that night  also they had nothing that any of us wanted on the special menu anyway and Happy Hour Drinks , None... so we left and Will Not Be Returning  ...We Don't Put Up With Bait And Switch... ...UPDATE ...I had also posted our Disappointment  on there Face Book  page and they Deleted the Post so I informed them that I was posting this Review on Yelp and Trip Adviser , That got a Response , They "Who Ever They Is" I never got a Name , Apologize for the misunderstanding and at first offered us a Free Dinner or a $50 Gift Certificate so I said  Yes to the $50 Gift Certificate and asked who do I talk to when I Call to give them my Address to send me the  Gift Certificate that's when they started back Peddling on there offer ... They said they wanted me to come in so they could Apologize in person , "I'm Not Driving 76 miles round trip for a apology" They could do that when my whole family and I come back , It's only fare to all of us Who they Greatly Inconvenience... After that I got no more correspondence from them and don't expect any ... CHECK OUT TRIP ADVISOR FOR MORE REVIEWS ...
The atmosphere...and the crab cakes...AMAZING!!
First time here and my wife and I were pleasently surprised.  The food was delicious!  Plenty of food was brought to the table and we were unable to finish it all.  We sat in the patio area which was very nice.  There was live music and it was quite good.  The only complaints were the slow service and the cold vegetables that were the side I chose.
I'll start by saying the 2 people with me were very happy with their meals.  I ordered a cajun shrimp special that was basically yellow rice & shrimp with a bland tomato soup poured over it.  No flavor at all.  I'm not one to send food back so I picked at the shrimp.  When my sister told the waitress my food was bad she offered me Tabasco sauce.  She offered to bring something else but my dinner company was nearly done with their meals and I didn't want to wait for a new meal.  It was really bad. The manager refused to do anything about my bill because I ate the shrimp.  I would have been happy if they just cared enough to buy me a drink.  Nothing. The wait staff was great but I dropped a hundred bucks for 2 meals and 3 drinks.  We won't be back.  Some concern shown by the management would have gone a long way.
Haven't been to harborside in more than twenty years so was pleasantly surprised when we pulled into the parking lot. The place looks great. That's about the extent of praise. All the rest was average or below. The noise level was off the chart. The food was so so, the wine list mediocre, and the service adequate.  We will go back especially when the outdoor section is open. Just don't expect to be blown off your feet.
Ok, this place has been totally remodeled since I ate there back in 2003. Great location on the lake and now there is a 2nd level that offers dinner overlooking the lake. The redo has turned the dinning area into a more modern design which helped . The older dinning room looked a little run down from what I recall. Not now and now the service and food is much better as well. Our "fresh" items were indeed fresh and the stuff mushrooms were filled with delicious homemade stuffing. Portions were good and service was excellent. We were expecting a long wait but were seated quickly. We ordered an appetizer since they were busy and we figured the food would take awhile. It did not at all. Ok, I do not own stock in this company nor do I know the owners so....yes, do trust me, good food, service, atmosphere and prices not bad either.
I went here on Mon, 12/10 just a day or so after it apparently re-opened after a major remodel.  Very nice looking place.  Big menu and food/service were great.  Portions are generous and preparation done well.  I had the crab stuffed flounder. The place has a very open big room feel.  The bar with the granite countertop is a really nice touch.
Amazingly Fresh, and amazingly affordable raw oysters.  We got a bucket (3 dozen) with a pitcher of beer for like 25ish dollars.  Amazing!  The fried stuff was ok, but the oysters are a must.  Really, do I need to say more?
Visited this restaurant many times.  Food and service are always great!  Prime rib special on the weekend is a must.  Oysters are always great!  Great sunset view and the bartenders are amazing !!!!
Went in Sunday evening, 3/30/14, for a birthday dinner with a party of 13. We were told our party was too large to sit together, per the fire Marshall, so they sat us at two table with a twenty foot gap between them, which of course we were too far apart to converse with each other. Then they gave us separate servers so our food came at completely different times and one table was finished before the other. When I spoke to the manager she told me it was a law by the fire Marshall and if they sat us together they would be fined. She dismissed the fact about having two different servers and the fact that we had guest there from 3 different states to enjoy this birthday dinner together. She didn't compensate us in any way and instead of apologizing she proceeded to tell me about her big family and they never get to sit together at dinners. It was the worst form of customer service I have ever experienced from management. I will NEVER go back and that's a shame because it was a nice setting and my steak was yummy!
Happened upon this place while in town for legoland. Very cool layout overlooking the water. Had stuffed shrimp which was great. Went with my 5 year old son who is a very picky eater. Unfortunately there wasn't anything that he would eat on the children's menu. The waiter and chef were willing put together a grilled cheese for him which he loved!  Will definitely be back when we return!
The remodel looks great. I love the aquarium in the middle of the room. With a call ahead we got to our table in 15 mins. It was a 45 min wait otherwise. The location is nice right on Lake Shipp. The mixed drinks were good. The appetizers (alligator bites and fried lobster) were tasty. We ordered an array of seafood from Grouper to Oysters. We waited a reasonable amount of time for our plates and the food was all cooked well and nicely seasoned. There were no flavors that blew my mind but the local Florida oysters and shrimp were very good. The portions were more than adequate and prices (considering the new remodel) were decent. The restaurant was a bit noisy but that is due to how popular they have become and how crowded it was (thats gotta mean something). Overall we had a good experience considering the part of the state this restaurant is in. Had it been a joint right on the coast I would give it 3 stars but for the Winter Haven area, this is good seafood.
I went to the Harborside with my wife and daughter on Friday, 06/22/13. I had never been there before and only knew of it through a search on YELP. Upon arrival I noticed how nice the exterior of the building was. Upscale, well maintained and looks recently renovated. Nice large parking lot and very nice entry  foyer. Just near the hostess desk is a 175 gal fish tank that is really beautiful. The interior was nicely done and looks appealing and inviting. There is a great view of the lake where you can watch the wild life and a dock for boater to come and enjoy the restaurant as well. Just below the large windows looking out on the lake is an outdoor seating area with it's own bar. I ordered the calamari appetizer which we all enjoyed along with a couple of cocktails. I had a Cesare salad and the Tilapia which was delicious. Wife had the Salomon Cakes and daughter had the Cod. Both said their meals were very good. The waiter was attentive (sorry but forgot his name) and we weren't rushed at all. The experience was very pleasant and we fully intend to make the Harborside a regular on our dinning and cocktails list of favorites.
