I'm impressed! Now I'm pretty picky about Mexican but this place hit the spot just right! Brought the family out to this place after visiting Legoland earlier. The place is in a nice old style town where the stores are store front. Upon walking in you can see the place isn't overly decorated but simple instead. Roughly 20 tables. They offer some domestic and Mexican beers. Now for the food...wife had the fajitas and she thoroughly enjoyed them. She's usually not a fan of Mexican. Te niece had a quesadilla and she ate the whole thing...for her, that's huge because she normally eats like a bird. Son had some chicken tenders which were real chicken and some fries which tasted pretty good. I had the burrito and wow! Good tasting steak burrito! We all had either water or fountain drinks and thy are big cups! Overall the food was great!! Price wise, $40 including tip for the four of us. Highly recommended place for Mexican!
I used to live in Arizona and one of things I miss most about AZ is Mexican food.  There aren't many options around here, and most Mexican restaurants I seem to come across are chains or Tex Mex.   This restaurant is right near work and I was introduced to it a couple of years ago by a friend who lives nearby.  It is my favorite Mexican restaurant in FL.  It is a small local place with great service and delicious food.   The salsa here is excellent.  Really great flavor.  I wish they didn't charge you for seconds, but it's good enough that I'm willing to pay for an extra if we need it.   The rice here is also excellent, just a great flavor.  I also like the enchilada sauce.   It satisfies my cravings for Mexican food very well without taking  4.5 hour flight.
Nice little place with good food and service.  The green salsa with chips had a nice spicy kick.  All their shrimp dishes are very good as well.
We used to frequently this place weekly, being from Texas it was the closest we could get to Tex-Mex. While it wasn't the best, it had decent portions and good flavor. Then about 3 months ago, things changed. The menu prices went up, the food became bland and the waitstaff got horrible. Figured it was on off night, returned a week later and no difference. Disappointing. Save yourself the trouble, make the drive to 192 and get Chuy's. EDIT (3/24/14): Had my mother-in-law in town and ran out of places and desire to drive elsewhere. We ventured back and were pleasantly surprised. The wait-staff seemed new and the food seemed in better quality. I've upped my rating and will return next week to make a final overall opinion. This place is now going in the 'hit or miss' category.
Restaurant just OK, friendly service, but food was just so, so.   We were hoping for some authentic Mexican food, but encountered Americanized version fit for a chain restaurant, not an independent one.   If you like chain restaurant food you will like this place.   If you like your food fresh and authentic, you will be disappointed.   Sopa de mariscos made with frozen veggies?   Come on!   Frozen broccoli, cauliflower, simply do not belong in a Mexican soup.  So ironic that we passed two Latino fruit and veggie stands near by.  The Burrito Suizo did not have any veggies.  None, just meat, probably also frozen.  How So disappointed...
The food was ok but there was only two waitress's when my children and I went and we were basically ignored. I like good service so I am leaving 2 stars. I had the Steak Fiesta burrito and it was good but the Salsa is horrible, it tastes like stewed tomatoes from a can with cilantro and onions added.
Genuine, tasty, affordable, friendly. Please note: I grade on a curve.  It will be a bell distribution.  I wish I was so lucky as to only visit & score 4 and 5 star restaurants like some Yelpers - alas I am not normally so lucky - except this time I was.
The waitstaff is always very attentive.  The food is authentic and amazing!!!  I love the tamales and the enchiladas, and my daughter loves the tilapia.  I Definitely recommend this place
F A N T A S T I C My family and i enjoy everything there is about this place! Just wish they would expand.
At the risk of everyone wanting to go here.....I have to admit that my husband and I love this place as well as all of our friends and out of town guests.   I've tried almost everything on the menu and it is all very very good and the prices are very reasonable.  The service is always outstanding and the staff is awesome!  On some nights they even have a mariachi band. Although I would hate for this place to become too popular (call me selfish) I really think the food is worth a visit. (You will love it!)
Sheeeeeeez. Stopped here to fill up with carbs before a night of drinking, and accidentally encountered the best(!) chips and salsa(!!) in the world(!!!!). I cannot emphasize this enough. The food was delicious, too, but honestly, I forget now if I got a fajita, taco platter, or what, because all pales and fades away in the light of the glorious appetizers. Very nice waitstaff and very big pile of festive mints at the check-out counter!
I really enjoyed eating here with my grandparents ! It's not so far from the house yet not so close haha , anyways the food was great. The chips where average but the salsa was amazing ! The servers were really nice and friendly , and the food comes out fast which is always great , will come again with more family next time :) hope you enjoy !
Great place.  Have been here many many times.  That is a good compliment right there.  The owners, Zai and his wife, are special people.  We have used La Fiesta for 2 catering jobs as well (that fed over 200 people both times). My favorite dishes: chicken and cheese quesadillas; Mexican tacos; and the banana chimi for dessert.
Awesome. Mexican restaurant and really. Nice prices. My wife love the fried ice cream. Omg mmost. Try
Joining in on the five-star bandwagon - but for a very good reason. This place deserves it! We went there for lunch (I went twice in one week!). My mom said the chimichanga was the best she's ever had. She had ground beef, which had a nice authentic flavor (I didn't order ground beef because usually places make it taste like taco bell and let's face it! Taco bell's cheaper!). I ordered a chicken chimichanga (on the previous visit I ordered the steak chimi and my husband had ordered the steak enchiladas). All of the meats were very good! The chips and salsa were good like the others mentioned. The salsa was very mild but clearly homemade and not from a jar. The waitstaff was very friendly and good - even during a lunch rush (we got there shortly after a party of 10 and noticed no difference in service). As we were finishing up our meal we noticed our waitress taking a milk like drink to another table. We asked the waitress what it was, and she said it was "Horchata" (mix of milk, rice, and cinnamon). She offered to bring us a sample and our big regret was that we didn't know about it sooner!! My mom and I bought the store bought version later and it isn't nearly as good as their version.
Great restaurant! Great service! Enchiladas de Mole & huevos con chorizo are wonderful!
This is a great family restaurant, often overlooked because it is off the path and in downtown Haines City. The food is authentic and reasonably priced, try it for lunch or dinner. The salsa in homemade, ask for the green salsa if you like a little heat! Can recommend about anything on the menu! Never had a bad meal, but they can get busy at times. Enjoy this place!!
This is a wonderful restaurant for not only Mexican food but for food in general.  The food is wonderful and the portions are good.  The service is just as fantastic as the food.  The seafood is fresh and delicious.  This restaurant is an out of the way in Downtown Haines City.  It is worth the search and discovery.  The desserts are fantastic.  I had the Fried Ice Cream.  It made an uncomfortable moment as it was so good that my wife did not share it with me so I had to buy a second one.
Very good food, if you are in the area, do yourself a favor and try this place! I wish this was near our home.
Beware: this is authentic Mexican so when it says hot... They mean HOT! The place was packed which is a good sign and we were greeted immediately. We visited based on Yelp reviews and we weren't disappointed. I ordered the chimichanga suiza with ground beef and covered in a white cheese sauce. The meat was very flavorful and tender and the sauce had a cheesy mildness. For an appetizer we ordered the queso flameado served with three flour tortillas. It came out piping hot and chock full of flavor. For $4.99 it was a great appetizer. I'm not "heat" brave when it comes to spicey so I stuck with the mild salsa when we received our complimentary chips. The chips were great and the salsa was fresh.  My dinner mate requested a hotter salsa which I tried and then glanced around to find a fire extinguisher. It was good but hot! It was a hot green tomatillo based creamy salsa. If you're brave like my dinner mate then you'll enjoy it. Service was excellent and our server was quite personable. Its not a pretentious place but it attracts a varied clientele and is a fun place to have dinner for two or go out with a group. Oh! We also ordered margaritas and they were great! Go and enjoy! We will be back.
We read the reviews on yelp before trying and were not disappointed. Clean, friendly, food was great. Chips and salsa were fantastic.
The food was amazing & the servers were so friendly. Well worth the drive out of our way.
Was hoping for a good experience when we pulled in for dinner with the family. The place was packed.  However... It went downhill from the start.  The place cleared out quickly... and so did our service.  It took over an hour to get 5 dishes out.  And they brought them out one at a time over 20 minutes.  No drinks refilled.  Had to request silverware several times.  Sent cold food back. Also talked with the manager on duty and got nothing better in terms of service.  Finally... we felt that our own homemade Mexican food tasted better.  We won't be back or recommend.
The food was good Mexican fare; but I came in as a dinner for one and was ignored for most of the meal.  Don't get me wrong...I love love love HOT SPICY food...but the red sauce "spicy" enchiladas were so spicy it was unenjoyable (I grew up in New Mexico and know hot). Hoping for a glass of water, I had to flag down help after a very long pause - and asking for extra chips to go with my meal (and note I am by myself) results in another charge of $4 for another basket & I hate Mexican places that do this.  2 1/2 stars is fair for my experience.
Great restaurant with great food. Went here with 6 people and everyone was impressed with their orders. Service was a tad slow other than that no complaints. Seemed very family friendly which is a plus for kids. Prices were also very reasonable. We'll be back.
Great food and wonderful service.  Never had to ask for a refill, just brought the  ext soda out.  Chips and salsa were amazing.  Our party of 10 ordered all different things and everyone enjoyed their dish.  Definently going back.
We visit this establishment on our lunch hour from work on a regular basis.  It's easy to get in and get served and have lunch within an hour.  The food is authentic and the prices are reasonable.  The chile rellenos are one of my favorites.  I'm not a huge fan of rice and beans so I usually just order my main dish off the ala carte section of the menu and am never disappointed.  The cheese enchiladas are also a favorite but the chips and salsa are one of my favorites.  You never have to wait long for a drink refill and the servers are always nice.  This place is a little bit out of the way for most people but worth finding. My only disappointment is that they don't season the chicken inside the dishes, other than that I love it.
the Food really is not the authentic taste I was looking for. (more of a tex mex look and taste) food was good but could be better and the mexican flavored (I had Horchata) waters were ok. service was good though but can wait a little too long for your food.
