Great casual steakhouse along the lines of Roadhouse.  It has a campy decor with a vintage 50's appeal.  The noise level can be loud because there is no carpet or anything to absorb the sound.  I had the T-Bone $17.99 which, like most entrees, comes with unlimited salad and dinner rolls with cinnamon butter. Very few items exceed $20.  My steak was ordered medium and was cooked to perfection. The quality of the meat was good.  Just needed a butter knife or fork to cut. Everyone left full and happy. They don't take reservation but do have call-ahead seating.
Kitschy, local, quality food... definitely worth the wait!   There was a pretty decent wait even for a Wednesday night, but that's usually a good sign I've found.  I wasn't disappointed here, either.  While waiting, you're treated to a pantheon of Blues Brothers' themed decor, everything from life-sized statues to road signs to half of a police cruiser in the dining area... The food was very good.  The steak was lean and fresh (got the super-cut sirloin), cooked perfectly to order, and came out in a relatively short amount of time.  No complaints at all.  I could have used the salad dressing-free, but I'm hardly going to complain about that, since it was pretty decent dressing. The service was good, though the waitress had a habit of checking up on me when my mouth was full.  Maybe that's more a testament to the food then to her timing.  Wasn't her fault anyway.  She came by frequently, but not too much, and she wasn't too bubbly or annoying about her visits, either.  Didn't feel the strongest of interest in my experience, but she wasn't overly distant, either.  Hostess could have been more alert and attentive, but it had likely already been a long night. No complaints overall, really.  Good food, maybe not the best you've ever had in your life, but really solid for a chophouse.  Yeah, it's not Ruth's Chris, but it's far less than those prices, too.  I'd definitely come back here.
Manny's used to be one of our favorite places to go, which makes me sad to give it 3 stars, but the food quality seems to have gone down over the past year or so. The wait can be a little bit (I'm pretty sure you can call ahead), but we normally just sit at the bar for lunch. The salad has been more "wet" than normal and the salad dressing seems runny. The steaks that I've had recently definitely haven't held up to the same standards as before (at this location and in Haines City) I'm more than happy to keep giving it a shot and updating my review if the food quality goes back up.
Best meal in town!!! Love Manny, Mike & John, they really make me feel like family!!!
We love Mannys! The steak bites rock and Brooke the bartender makes the best drinks! Keep up the good work Mannys!
Had a fillet medium rare, with some veggies and garlic mash potatoes. . .delicious. Sort of a family oriented, signature type restaurant with a bunch of hollywood memorabilia on display.  the cinnamon sweet rolls.
Great service, great food and the daily specials are wonderful values.   Always a good time.  Go early, or, late if you don't want to wait.
This is my wife's very favorite steakhouse. We've tried several of the steaks and the ribeye is our fave. If you put steak sauce on it, you're doing yourself a disservice. Its great with nothing but its own juice. Love their salads. The staff is always great. The ambience is entertaining. And the only reason for not giving it 5 stars is the noise level.
We visited Manny's in Winter Haven on a Sunday evening. the wait was about 20 minutes or less which wasn't bad in my opinion. the decor is very cool and kind of an old Americana appeal. The sweet bread rolls are out of this world!! we asked for the dressing on the side in their salad bowl because I have read in other reviews that they will drench the salad in dressing (there ranch dressing is delicious so I guess either way you are good besides the added calories). My husband ordered ribs, which were good, not the best I've had but they were good. I ordered the 12 oz, Mannys steak which is supposedly there most popular. I ordered it medium well, expecting that I would have some pink in the middle. The steak came out WELL DONE! The waitress was very kind when I showed her the well done cut though,and put in an order for me at medium, just in case. The second steak was delicious! juicy and flavorful! overall good experience and I would recommend it.
This is one of our favorite places!! Best steaks around. You may have a long wait but well worth it. There's a reason the lines are long! Yeah, it's THAT good!
finally a real steak yum.service lacks.food is great sauteed mushrooms rubbery and cold gross.love the huge sald and rolls.in miami you cant find a steak this good. i would travel to winter haven just to go to mannys.i love the decor.
Why 5 stars?  Because there were no flaws.   ---   ---   --- After a long day out on the softball fields, a few of us from the team decided to make up for a day of losing with a good steak.  What we found, was an epic dining experience.  It wasn't long before we realized that we no longer cared about our 1-4 record in the tournament. We pulled into the parking lot around 4:40 and noticed that the restaurant did not open until 5:00.  As we hung out for 20 minutes, we noticed quite the crowd building up behind us.  It seemed that we had obviously found a pretty popular place in Polk County. The following things were fantastic: Our server The sweet bread The steaks The loaded mashed potatoes!! All of the above receive 5 stars.  I'm still a little peeved that Winter Haven allowed my Indians to leave for Arizona, but next time I am in the neighborhood, Manny's will be a requirement.
Just another restaurant. Big, noisy and busy the day after Christmas. Lots of mediochre food for a fair price. Slow, spotty service.
This is the third time I have been here. Every time has been great. The prices might seem a little high but the food more than makes up for it. You will leave with enough for lunch the next day so it evens out,
Although it gets very busy and very crowded in the doorway, it's well worth the wait (but definitely make reservations!!). The staff are superb and really know their customer service, and were very friendly and attentive, and the food... ...the food... ...the meat... It was absolutely wonderful. Some of the best burgers and steaks we've ever tasted in our lives, and prepared to absolute perfection! The decor is what I'd describe as "tourist Americana", but is pleasant enough. My biggest bit of advice is to make sure you make a reservation, because it gets REALLY busy, and the queue can be seen outside wrapping around the block!
From salad to steak, the food was delicious and the service terrific.  And the price was a bargain.
I get down to Orlando a few times a year and I like to stop in here for dinner whenever I'm in town. This time I was with my family and we were at Legoland so went to this location rather than my usual one in Haines City. For starters, parking here was easier and it didn't seem as crowded as the one in Haines City. The place is a bit of an eye sore when you walk in as there are decorations everywhere! I always go with the 7oz filet with blue cheese crumbles and as usual, the steak is fork tender and quite delicious! The meal comes with an endless salad bowl and the amazing yeast rolls with cinnamon butter. I could easily make a meal out of the salad and rolls, but I have to restrain myself as I have to save room for my steak. Prices are pretty reasonable as I can get out of there (with no alcohol) for under $25, including tip. If you are in the area, stop in and give it a try.
The food and service has been hit or miss for us. The standards are not as high in Winter Haven, versus Haines City and Lake Wales.  I've never had a complaint about either of the two initial locations.   We usually order the filet and fried shrimp.  Generally it's delicious, though it has been overcooked on occasion.   The potato skins appetizer is great, when not overcooked.  You receive a large platter for a very reasonable price. The rolls and salad are a nice addition, wonderful every time.
It's ok. It felt cramped and like a cattle call. Meat was undercooked , but the waitress was great.
Wow! My kids loved it and remember it 7 months later. Food was Ok but the atmosphere raises it to 4 stars
I had Manny's 8 oz sirloin. You can't beat the quality and the price! The unlimited salad bowl, mashed potatoes and rolls are an added plus to the meal as well. Will definitely return!
Really great food and fun atmosphere.  We came on a Wednesday and all had the BOGO fajitas which was a great deal and the steak fajitas were very juicy and yummy.
Food was really good. But we had a long wait. Server got two orders wrong and there was a wait for the food. But the food was really good :)
The Manny's sirloin here is awesome. Flavorful and perfect medium rare. Dinner comes with bread, salad and choice of side and all at a very fair price.
I was torn between giving Manny's 3 or 4 stars. I went with 3 because I can't point to one thing particular that was bad or great. I can sum up the whole dining experience with "average". Decent food, pretty good service, so so atmosphere,  etc. I would eat here again but wouldn't have expectations of a high end steakhouse.
Polk County already has 2 locations in Haines City, FL and Lake Wales, FL.  This was my first time to Manny's and the Winter Haven location just recently opened.  Its amazing, the place stays packed service is great (just opened), and my food and my friends food was good.  I got the Manny's Sirloin (med well) so tender didn't need sauce.  Lunch and dinner during the week and weekends are packed so don't be surprised, Winter Haven doesn't have many places like this.  I believe Manny's is here to stay.
I've heard people rave about this place, so while down for business, I decided to check it out. For a chophouse, I was expecting an amazing steak. I've honestly had better at a Longhorn.   I ordered the filet, medium, and it was tough and gristly and barely warm.  The salad base was just iceberg lettuce, but it was tasty. There was a huge line of people to get in here. Maybe I just came on a bad night.
Food and service was very good. Large menu with many choices. Excellent steaks and seafood. Only negative was the hostess. We called ahead to be placed on seating list and were told it wouldn't be needed and then had to wait when we arrived. Hostess was snippy and not helpful. That was not the case with our server.
Me and my two little ones showed up Monday night for dinner around 8:45 p.m. We spent 20 minutes looking at a restaurant that had five empty tables and a hostess that was more interested in texting on her phone than seating us. We finally decided to leave. I've eaten the steak before and it was good but not worth the complete lack of customer service.  The only smile we got from the hostess was when I said we were leaving.  She seemed to be glad not to seat us!  She must have wanted to get off early.
Visited this location this evening. Had ribeye, was very good.  Everything else was so-so to poor. Parking lot is way too small. Tables crammed together so much that people constantly bumping into your chair.  Manager was no where to be seen entire visit.  Two of my friends had "filet mignon" - both very tough and dry (1 Med rare, 1 was Med well, neither was good.) Baked potato under cooked.  Worst part was being able to see into kitchen. DO NOT get the salad, have soup instead. The soup was baked potato soup: was not normal white creamy soup. It looked & tasted like a cross between french onion and a seafood bisque and was served luke warm. Yuck. Why do people rave about this place? It is not that great, and costs almost as much as Outback.
4:50 pm on a Friday and it's packed with a 20 min wait. Two for one til 8pm   Macadamian crusted cod very good. 7 oz filet mignon was done well.  Salad bathed in ranch dressing but tasty. Bread sweet and comes with cinnamon sugar butter.  Feel good vpcomfort food.  Lots of seniors eating here
If I want a a delicious rack of ribs or steak that is also affordable, this is the place to go! You get so much value for the price that includes endless salad bowl and yeast rolls. The only complaints I have is the service can either be really good or really bad and the noise level is fairly loud. If you want a romantic setting this is not the place to go. Great for family and friend gatherings!
Went to Manny's for the 1st time and thought the food and service were very good.  The wait for a Saturday night was only about 15 minutes which was great.  The table arrangements make it kinda tight as you weave through to get to your table but that was not a big deal. Waitress came right over and took our drink orders and was great throughout the meal.  Got the center cut sirloin cooked medium which was cooked perfectly.  My daughters steak was more on the medium well side than medium as ordered but she was OK with it. Overall, I would recommend!  Lots of choices in the area and I prefer a more "local" restaurant over a chain.
They have allot of good food for a great price. My wife and I split the barbecue baby back ribs there was so much food we had to take it home. The food had a great taste. The servers were very polite and fast.
Stopped in here on our drive from Orlando to Naples. The place was packed at 5:30 on a Tuesday with 2 for 1 drinks and a screaming bargain early bird menu. We had a great homey salad, generous entrees and one beer for $25! My husband had the ribs which they rightly tout as "fall off the bone" and a generous baked potato. I had steak pieces with sautéed mushrooms and a yummy baked sweet potato  The place was loud, not at all stuffy, and full of happy people.
good food. service friendly but ineffective.
