Pros- The barbecue is downright tasty. The smell is intoxicating and permeates everything. The chickenhouse dining room atmosphere is very laid back. You can feel just as comfortable in overalls as you would in dress clothes. Prices are reasonable. Kid friendly. Cons- can be hot inside as the windows are just screens. Food is served on styrofoam plates that crack or get cut through easily. The baked beans tasted like plain pork and beans. While the ribs are absolutely delicious, they tend to be small on occasion. This place reminds me of the Florida of my childhood before the bigbox stores and the onslaught of cookiecutter chain restaurants.
In the words of my grandfather "food so good it will make your tongue slap your brains out!!" Truly some of the absolute best BBQ you can ever have!! I'm a huge fan of their sliced beef and sausage!!! The staff is extremely friendly and when you feel like you're sitting on someone's back porch you know it's gonna be awesome food!!
With all the stars I saw on the reviews for this restaurant, I drove with my fiancé (out of our way to Ybor City) looking forward to some finger licking bbq. To our disappointment this was not our experience. The food was just ok. Beans straight from a can, food served with two pieces of white bread straight from the bag. Ribs and pork nothing  to write home about. Not sure id frequent this restaurant if I even lived in this area. It was definitely not worth the drive.
We had a great meal here ... Not much on decor ... lol But the food was very good ! Another place that you shouldn't pay attention to what you see on the outside. I really wish they would stop using styrofoam dishes... Even paper plates would be better.
I drove by this place the other day, and I knew I had to try it. It looked like my kind of BBQ restaurant. At 2pm on a Saturday the parking lot was packed! When I went inside, the smell of wood smoke hit my nose and I knew I was home. The inside was packed with people eating, even though there was no AC and it was 90 degrees. So I got in line to order some eats for dinner and got chopped pork, baked beans, coleslaw, and potato salad. To be honest I'm not really fond of the slaw or potato salad, but those are really personal preference anyway. No one makes it like mom, right? But the pork BBQ was on point! It didn't need any BBQ sauce, but the house sauce they included was very good too. I will be back to this joint. When I was waiting in line, I saw a guy throwing racks of ribs on a grill. Gonna have to get me some of those!
This IS my favorite BBQ joint in central Florida.  It's a converted chicken shack, don't worry no feathers anywhere, with the pit inside the place.  This is as rustic as you'll get, but the food is so good.  For over the last 20 years I get the same thing; ribs with sauce on the side, potato salad, bbq beans and a slice of white bread.  YUM!!!!  Even my brother who doesn't care for BBQ loves this combo. Be aware this place has no air conditioning unless you count windows and you may share a table with strangers, but you're here for the food.  Better yet, call in your order and pick it up when you get there.  Serving on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturday and they're only open from Labor day until Memorial Day.
I've found a new lunch spot.  My neighbor and I stopped in for lunch after the gun range, what better day than shootin' up and headin' out for BBQ?  We had heard about Peebles, and what a find we found at the end of the road.  If you're expecting frills, this isn't the place for you....  No Air Conditioning, and you'll drink your weight in sweet tea to cool off, but it's worth every minute and I highly recommend this place.   The pulled pork - fabulous Beef - fabulous Ribs - fabulous Will add to my choices on my next visit next week.  My favorite part, the two smoke pits built-in from the old time cinder block style pit, fan system to keep the smoke out of the building, and it's obvious they built the building around the smoke pits.  My next vacation home will be modeled in similar fashion. Price is excellent, portions are huge, the service was "good" even though it was Thursday at 11am and a full house by 11:10.  Go early enough to get a seat, or you might wait.
Peeble's is a local legend.  They're only open Thursday-Saturday, and then only after Labor Day till Memorial Day.  Lunch and Dinner can get quite busy. The atmosphere is, how shall we say, rustic.  But it's the food that matters. The menu is rather simple, ribs, pork, BBQ sandwiches.  There are three sides, Baked Beans, Cole Slaw and Potato Salad, plus white bread.  Doesn't matter though, everything is excellent.
This is a traditional place that has gone downhill. The 1/4 chicken was tasty but dried out. The pork sandwich was also very dry even with a lot of their special BBQ sauce. I won't be back.
I have been going to Peebles for about five years and this is my first review.  Fantastic!  Any BBQ joint that lets you sit beside the pit, has got to be good.  The smokey scent, cardboard menu on the wall and the phone ringing off the hook, my kind of place.  Bring cash, my buddy and I made that mistake.  We had a side of ribs for dinner and we forgot that you cannot pay with a creditcard.  We had enough cash between the two of us to pay our bill but not be able to leave a tip.  So, we went down the block and got some cash from an ATM machine.  We came back inside and gave our server a tip, she was really surprised.   I'm sure that she thought that we were going to stiff her on the tip, we simply did not have enough cash.   Thanks Peebles, keep the fire stoked!
Legit BBQ chicken. This place is an authentic Southern BBQ. Nothing fancy here, just good food!!
WHAT! Peebles was FANTASTIC. It's the stuff that bbq lovers dreams are made of. I was starving, with a group of 10-15 people post soccer game from just up the road. Not knowing the exact location was eased by the fact I was riding my motorcycle and my nose told me exactly which way to go. It was packed (as any good place should be) but we were greeted warmly and efficiently. Sat almost immediately. Our orders were taken all simultaneously and the food came out within 10 minutes, amazing! Nobody had anything but great things to say about the bbq, from the pork, to the beef to the link. Best ribs I've ever had. The beans were near perfect and even though I have never really been a fan of slaw I ate the whole serving. As we ate, from across the full, bustling restaurant we were introduced to the staff and owners by our server. We clapped for them all. Next thing you know the surrounding tables were clapping loudly too. These people do a great job, balancing a full house and a fast moving take-out line with expert ease. Long live Peeble's barbecue.
My first visit, I had the rib plate. Tangy red sauce with excellent sides. Spare ribs were well smoked and had some juice but not spiced. I will not hurry back. Serving staff is over booked but nice.
Finding good coleslaw is a greater challenge than finding good barbecue. At Peebles we've found both. They've got screens to keep the mosquitoes out and plenty of fans to keep the summer air moving. Closed from late June to early September.
Been here a few times and food was good.  Went today and sat for 15 with my family.  We where completely ignored.  I'll never come back and will always have negative comments about this restaurant.
First time and definitely not the last time I'll eat here. Tasty everything! Only request is the sweet tea wasn't sweet enough, but the pork, ribs, Cole slaw, and the beans were good, especially the beans.
Unfortunately, we had a bad experience at Peebles. After rave reviews from our neighbors we finally made the trip and found very slow and poor service and barbecue that was so tough I had to leave it in my basket because I couldn't bite through it. Sides were stale tasting. The baked beans were actually dry and crusty. I don't know if we came at an especially bad time (1:30 p.m. on a weekday,) but a bad time makes for a bad review. We will not be coming back for a second try at this one.
My favorite place for BBQ. Only open 3 days a week with a very simple menu.  I always get the ribs and my hubby gets the sliced pork(big chunks of pork without sauce right from the smoker) with three sides (potato salad, cole slaw and baked beans. The menu is on the wall and they only take cash. If you don't mind sitting with other people at a big table you might not have to wait. The people are all really friendly. Food is yummmmmy!
We have been going to Peebles for years.  The potato salad and cole slaw along with the baked beans are great.   The ribs are a hit and miss lately sometimes tender and then again tough, but the sauce is my favorite.  Go in the afternoon after the lunch crowd has thinned out.  They close a couple of months in the summer.  No air conditioning but plenty of windows.  Wear shorts in the warm months.  If the ribs are tough the first time, then try again later they are not always that way.
Best barbeque in the area.
Best barbecue i have had in a while, great atmosphere!
Best pulled pork and ribs around. You can buy the BBQ sauce by the gallon as well.
Best BBQ place I've had in awhile... its made for a quick stop if your really hungry for some good bbq. Only open 3 days a week, and parking is tough sometimes and also there can be long lines. Loved the pork sandwich, comes with 3 sides, potato salad (incredible), coleslaw, and baked beans. Pork was great and you get to put on your own bbq sauce to the amount you want. It is a small shack but well worth the trip! Tried it on my vacation while in lakeland. For a place to only be open 3 days a week because they make enough of a profit to stay closed the rest of the week, has to be good!
Just remember: Peebles is CLOSED for the Summer!
I don't understand why this little gem has not been on the Foodnetwork??...no other ribs even come close!
