Johnny's BBQ Smokehouse (formerly Johnny's New York Deli) has easily become our favorite spot in town and after you eat there it will be your favorite spot as well. The wife and I have been loyal diners for over a year now and have had the pleasure of watching a great local business grow and evolve over time. If you visit you'll quickly get to know the chef Josh who is one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet. So what about the food? These days the focus of Johnny's is finger licking good barbecue. You'll still find tasty burgers and some select sandwiches of the menu, but the meat of the menu are the smoked meats. So how's the BBQ? If you couldn't guess already I think it's awesome. My favorite dish would be his brisket, it's got a great rub and is always incredibly moist (pro tip, skip the sandwich and go with slices). My second choice would be his ribs, which are fall of the bone tender. He also has sliced pork, as well as pulled chicken, both also very good. You can get it by the pound or in a basket meal. Of course, if you're not in the BBQ mood you can always opt for a handmade burger. My personal favorite would be to do a bacon, egg, and cheddar burger! Josh will cook your burger whatever way you want it. if you've not given Johnny's a try, make it a point to soon. It's a fantastic local establishment that deserves a great following. You can't beat the experience in town.
Don't even waste your time going anywhere else for AWESOME BBQ! This is the place. Ribs- great rub flavor, pork sandwich was juicy and perfect, and the holy moly fries...shut ya dang mouth! AMAZING! They even have really good sweet tea. Please support this local business! If you're even thinking about going to that "chain BBQ" place down the street-DON'T DO IT! You won't get better food anywhere else in Haines City, and that's for sure. We Love It! The folks in there have great personalities and are fun easy to talk to. My order went down under "Noles"  because of our t-shirts :) great feel good experience.
Hands down one of the best barbecue places I have ever been to.  If you are lucky enough to find yourself anywhere near this place do yourself a favor and check them out.  I have tried everything and it is all excellent.
Stopped in twice to Johnny's whilst on vacation with my family. I always like to find a local BBQ joint for some local flavor. Johnny's is set up in a house and has that home felling inside. Just a basic counter and bench seats set up like picnic tables. Menu is posted on a board and you can chose from sandwiches or meat by the pound. We tried the brisket twice, ribs and holey moley fries twice. The brisket was up there with the best I have ever tried and the fries were a real treat! Johnny was a real nice guy and seemed more then happy to feed us. Great little BBQ place and the type I'd love to have near me. This place is worth a 20 mile drive if you are in the area.
This place is easily becoming our routine. Small, quaint home style feel with amazing taste, portion and atmosphere! Lunch specials daily, normally $7 includes the food, fries and drink! The cheeseburgers are amazing, juicy and hand packed with amazing taste! Place is very clean, staff is awesome and it's never been too busy. They have a great outside area under some large trees and a wonderful home style feel. Highly recommend them! Johnny's is awesome!!!
Wow, the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had! My son and I met my dad here for lunch today and we had a great experience. We both had the pulled pork sandwich combos that come with fries and a drink. The fries and the sweet tea were both some of the best I've had. The atmosphere was clean and inviting and the service was great and the people are very friendly. It was so good that I called up my wife and told her we have to go back again soon!
My first thought was; "When DINERS,DRIVE-INS AND DIVES" discovers this place, it will be impossible to get through the crowds". A first-class sandwich shop that rivals any deli in New York. (I ain't kiddin'). Corned beef piled high on fresh rye bread is lip-smackin' good. The waffle fries are tasty and are the perfect compliment to a great meal. Situated in a converted house and next to Johnny's Auto Repair, who would ever imagine the delights that prevail inside. Johnny's Auto Repair has a well-deserved reputation for outstanding service and professionalism and that concept carries over to what one would consider an unlikely pairing. The clean and neat mantra applies to this venture as well. Let's talk food. ... Wife had the reuben and proclaimed it the best ever. I went into nirvana when my corned beef on rye came out looking like it was from The Carnegie Deli. Chomped down on that center bite, (you know the one) and came away breathless. Taste buds tingled and all the bells and whistles went off. Look ... I'm getting hungry just thinking about it, so have to stop now. I think the Buick needs an oil change and I need a sandwich.
Been to Johnny's many times for lunch. Very cute place.  The downstairs to this older home makes a beautiful kitchen and dining room. They have installed some new seating recently (Nov?).  I would say that 99% of the time, the food is excellent.  The service is good too. The turkey sandwich is great. The grilled chicken sandwich is really good. The steak and cheese is awesome (could be a little bigger). The burger is pretty good.  They have specials everyday, so you need to check them out yourselves. Been to breakfast once... It was really good as well.  One thumbs down though: they took away the fried pickles off the menu.
I liked it. I had a pastrami sandwich and it was very good.  I think they are still working out some of the "kinks" in their service, but they seem to definitely care that you have a positive gastronomic experience. I will return.
