This is by far one of my favorite places to go whenever I am in town. Truly authentic Greek food, awesome service and really reasonably priced. I always get the pita and tzatziki sauce to start. The chicken kabob is also always my favorite entree . the portions are huge!!
Had a great breakfast here.  They offer the standard fare that most others do for breakfast, but they up the quality.  The sausage was near name brand if not.  The hash browns had some flavor to them like they added onion or spice.  They also were well browned and moist.  Over easy eggs were just that.  They also give a choice of dry toast or buttered.  I got the buttered and they actually put a good amount of melted butter on them.  To top it off, you get a huge cup of coffee with free refills and service was great.  We have been here for lunch many times and have always been pleased. It may now be our go to place for breakfast.
If you're looking for very good food at reasonable prices then look no further, we eat at Andrea's a couple of times a week and the food is always fresh and well prepared. The staff is very friendly and this place is clean. They always have good daily specials as well.  Thank you and keep up the good work! BTW, I find the portions to be more than enough.
We stumbled across Andreas just tonight by using the Yelp. The food is so amazing we are planning to eat here at least 2 more times before heading back to Texas. BBQ Shrimp-on the Barbie Greek salad was a out of the park home run!!'
My brother took my husband & I here for breakfast. Have to say best place for quality home cooked food in Winter Haven. Omelets were delicious & gourmet quality coffee that was hot. Keri our waitress was on top of everything & took really good care of us. We also ordered pancakes that melted in your mouth. Also the owner Niko made his way around the restaurant talking to everyone. Great ambiance, Family style. They serve Breakfast, Lunch & Dinner. Definitely our spot to go to when we are visiting our family in Winter Haven, FL
This update drops one star, from four down to three for substantial decrease in portion size. Food still very good.
First time we have eaten there and I must say it was wonderful. If you want just good comfort food this is the place. Friendly staff We would highly recommend this place
Got the Haddock daily special & stole some of my kids' chicken kabobs.  Both were very good & very reasonably priced.  I live near Destin, FL, & there is no place that I know of around there with seafood portions that big & tasty...unless you want to pay a fortune.  The service was also very good & friendly.  If we ever go back to LEGOLAND, we'll definitely stop back in.
First time there and we loved it. Excellent service and great food! Best baklava I've ever had. Definitely will go back. VERY GOOD and great prices.
My first rating and visit put this "real Greek food, made in America" (It's slogan) place at 4 stars.  An ensuing trip was disappointing, probably a "2", so I'm splitting the difference and calling in 3 stars.  I'd recommend you stick with the specials and the Greek food.  They come out more quickly.  I ordered spaghetti the second trip.  It took 20 minutes to come out.  They used linguini noodles and it didn't taste "Italian", with a light pink flavorless sauce.  It came with creamed corn in a stiff peaked cream sauce-tasty but not stove hot. They served it with a fried garlic dough--wet and heavy.   It's a Pepsi place so I had water.  Service disappeared after delivery.  They are busy with senior citizens--probably due to the fabulous prices.  A filling meal averages $7.50.  Lots of fried chicken was being served around the room.  and many fish dishes.
Good food, cheap.  All with a Greek-style flavoring, even the spaghetti, which differentiates it from other "diners."  Everything seems to be homemade, which I love, and the best thing on the menu are the sirloin tips!
Went to lunch here with a group of 8 on a Saturday afternoon.   Although the place was busy, they rearranged tables and seated us right away.  The atmosphere is very pleasant and comfortable, and most important, very clean.  The service was excellent.  When I found out the owners of this restaurant are of Greek heritage, I went straight for the Gyro (usually an oddity to find on a family restaurant menu).  It was delicious, although the pita was served flat and much too big to fold, so I ended up eating it with a fork!  I had a side of cole slaw, which was excellent (with a touch of sweetness which is how I like my slaw).   Almost all of the others in my party selected the Country Fried Steak or the Wild Country Fried Steak.  My mother shared a bite of hers (country fried steak) with me, and it was good.  Really good.  I'm not from this neck of the woods, but if I go back I will visit this place again and definitely get the Country Fried Steak.  It was tender, melt-in-your-mouth goodness.
Good food, reasonable prices, excellent service.  Passed it for years, never had time to stop.  Glad we did last week (March 2012).  Yes, lots of seniors - been in the area many years, lots of regulars grew older with the restaurant.  I had veal parmesan with spaghetti and steamed cabbage. Husband had liver and onions.  we went about 2:30 pm, mid afternoon to avoid the rush. We'd read great review in Time Out of Lakeland Ledger which warned that could be lined out door (besides being good, it's not real large inside - so we try to think ahead.  It was great.  Just found couple coupons in Orange Gazette free paper, we'd be going back even without coupons!
Don't miss the fried chicken and the lamb shank
