I recently received a gift certificate to Kimberley's and decided to spend it on a mother-daughter spa day for my mom and me. I was curious to see what the experience would be like after reading quite a few negative reviews on Yelp and other similar websites. I had been to Kimberley's before but not in a long time. We made an appointment for two spa pedicures and two Kimberley manicures. We arrived about 15 minutes before the scheduled time and took the opportunity to enjoy the "living room" area, which had comfy chairs, magazines, and refreshments available (coffee, tea, lemon water, muffins, cookies). It really was very relaxing and was a great start to the experience. Next we were called in for our pedicures, which started with a paraffin hand treatment - you leave the "gloves" on throughout your pedicure to allow the paraffin to do its job. The pedicure included a sea salt rub and massage on your legs and feet, which was amazing and a nice touch. I felt that the sea salt rub and massage were long enough, unlike many other places where these services are supposedly included but feel very rushed. The pedicures came out great and seem to be holding up well. Manicures were next. My mom opted to upgrade to Shellac because she is a swimmer and says that the chlorine destroys traditional manicures. I stuck with the regular manicure. While my manicure came out beautifully and the technician spent a lot of time on it, it is two days later and it is noticeably chipped on several fingers. I understand that it's not gel or Shellac and isn't going to last weeks, but... two days? Really? I would expect more from such a high-end, pricey place. My mother's Shellac, on the other hand, is still in tact even after chlorine exposure. I know that this place hasn't always had the greatest reputation in the past, and I'm aware of some of the horror stories, but I have no complaints. All facilities were very clean, I found everyone to be professional and pleasant, and I enjoyed the services received.
My partner and I are having our wedding in Albany where he's originally from. Due to being out of towner, I relied on family friends for bridal makeup and hair locations. Someone suggested this place. I called and lo and behold they are open early on Sunday and have openings. GREAT! I decided since I'm not familiar with them and it is my wedding after all, I should come in for a trail make up run to see what I might look like. So, we travel to Albany from Boston to do this whole wedding day business. As we drive up to the place, it doesn't even look like a salon. And here I'm thinking "Man, this place is NICE! this should be a great experience." WRONG. So when I arrive, this woman greets me. The front desk was okay, There seemed to be one receptionist who was super snotty.  But the one I mainly dealt with was very pleasant. That said, I was shuffled into a tiny corner in the lobby of this place. Where they had make up samples of some random brand they sell. So she starts asking me simple questions, I show her some pictures of what I want. And she goes to work. Okay. A. There was barely ANY light. It was dim lighting you'd expect in a day spa for say a massage, NOT to apply make up. Even she was struggling to see what she was doing. She didn't have pretty much any supplies a make up artist should have. Barely any colors, no eyeliner. She kept trying to push brown shadow on me, even if I specifically said I wanted another color. She said they didn't have any eyeliner? (If you're a make up artist, why don't you have any make up? Eyeliner is pretty basic.) No blush. She barely swiped my eyelashes with mascara. In whole, it came out incredibly messy and awful.  And, she kept bumping into my foot the entire time. Since there's NO space to work. For a place that large, I would expect at least one room dedicated to make up or something. Not a tiny bit of this lobby with people coming in and out. And trying to go around that huge rotunda. And that trial cost $75 dollars. I was so unhappy, it took me every little bit to not start sobbing. Thankfully my partner was there. And even he was amazed at how bad it was. I got to the house and washed my face off right away. (Hell, it was a warm day and it ran quite bad just 15 mins in the car. Imagine a wedding day!) But I'm just astonished that a place that claims to do wedding make up, doesn't even have the proper tools do to it! Really. Come on, if you're going to cater to brides TRY a little bit at least. Just a bit. Considering we're bringing you TONS of business (My party of four, and not to mention if you do a good job, word of mouth.) In any case, I'm glad I did that trial, god only knows what I would've ended up looking like on my actual wedding day.
Booked an appointment for an eyebrow and Brazilian wax a few days before my wedding. Being my first Brazilian wax I was very nervous. Within the first 5 minutes, I noticed that the girl was only waxing my bikini area. When asked she said " you booked a bikini wax right?" I told her I needed a Brazilian and definitely asked for that on the phone when making the appt. She went downstairs and explained that I was only booked for a bikini and that she was not certified to do a Brazilian. The girl that usually does them was not working today. I paid full price for a bikini wax and did not get so much as a sorry from the front desk. My eyebrows were okay... But she left a lot that still needed to be plucked. I was not able to book anywhere else because other salons were booked up! Beware! Should have gone to Rumors!
Growing up in the Capital Region, one is taught that "Kiimberly's" is THE place to go for luxurious pampering.  I have found however, in my last few visits, that the caliber of luxury is more on par with a "Fantastic Sam's," than a posh day spa.   My most recent appointment was to use one final gift certificate I had been given prior to moving out of town, which I used on my last visit home.  My friend and I scheduled a manicure, and while she was more than happy with her service, I must say I left with having to go home and "fix" the HORRIBLE polish job I was left with.  Set aside the attitude I was given by my manicurist for having to remove my shellac (after I had informed them when making the appointment that we would have to do that), everything was just sub par.  My cuticles were left jagged and rough...and just overall a mess!   I then conversed with my friends and family who still remain in the Capital Region, and they just further confirmed that Kimberly's has rested on its laurel's far too long and has dropped down the ranks of spas in the area.  On top of everything, their turnover rate is insane, so one wonders why how their staff is treated.   Will definitely NOT be returning, which is sad as this used to be one of my "happy places"
I just moved to NY a year and a half ago and someone recommended going here for my waxing. The first time it seemed OK, I went to Monique who does a really great job. So, I stuck with it until she went on a couple vacations and her schedule didn't work with mine, so I went with whoever was free. One girl, Shelby I believe, made me want to jump off the chair mid-session I was so angry. She waxed very little and plucked the rest. If I wanted to pay all that money to get my eyebrows PLUCKED I'd stay home and do it myself. I'm there for a WAX!!! Putting this behind me, I decided to get a deep tissue massage and it wasn't very good at all. Can't believe I paid this guy extra for a deep tissue massage because the pressure was as though an 8 year old girl was doing it! I like to feel the pain working out the knots and I was in more pain after because all the knots were still there. So, every time I went I noticed that the front desk receptionist people are all MEAN. They don't smile, they don't care, they don't make eye contact, they think they are better than you. Come on really? You work at the front desk of a day spa, you find yourself that important to think you're better than everyone else? Not really what you want to be greeted by every time you go there. I finally woke up, found another place to go, and will NEVER go back to Kimberleys again. I urge all to not go there and reward that behavior with your business. There are much nicer places to go!
Got my eyebrows done this afternoon.  Asked for her to clean it up and keep it as thick as possible because I hate thin eyebrows.   I want to cry!  They came out way too thin and I'm not happy.   For a place like this, very disappointed there's obviously no training and she had no clue how to shape brows for my face.
Juanita, the "nail technician", gave the worst manicure I've ever received. Ever. For $22 I expected much more. She rushed, didn't remove all of my old polish, and complained numerous times - hemming and hawing - about how her nails were going to be ruined because she had to use acetone on mine. Um, if you're a nail technician don't you know you'll be removing nail polish? Way to go, Juanita! You ruined my relaxing spa day.
I have been disappointed with Kimberly's twice now, and I do not  think I will go back. $55.00 for a half hour massage that was more like 20 minutes, and not very good. A facial that irritated my sensitive skin, even though I was clear about the sensitivity..... for my money I prefer Jean Paul, but the best massags are with private masseuses. Recently, I had fantastic reflexolgy session on a cruise ship - the Ruby Princess.
The receptionists were not friendly, my stylist was late, did an adequate job on hair. Price was not worth it. I got friendlier treatment for half the price down the street.
If you want a relaxing experience, come here! It is just amazing! Kinberley's has a ton of spa services, many I'd never even heard of! I chose to do the seaweed masque, to extinguish toxins. The wrap was different than anything I ever experienced, and the next day I felt really refreshed.  They offer massages, other wraps, floats, mani/pedis, and hair and makeup services.  You can also do half day and full day packages. There is water and tea everywhere you look and they have nice relaxing lounges throughout the place.  It is also really quiet so you can fully relax. Next time I am in the area, I'll go for a massage.
Customer service is absolutely ridiculous. I went there several months ago and got there 30 mins before my apt start time (15 more than they recommend mind you) I sat in the waiting room for 45 minutes and watched everybody else get called but I was in no rush so I waited. I finally get an angry phone call from the receptionist saying I never showed up for my appointment. After turning the corner while on my phone and saying I had been sitting there for about 45 minutes there they changed there tune but service did not improve. My facial was wonderful and the girl was very friendly but they must have been in a rush to get me out because my 1 hour massage was cut short at what I'm guessing was 45 minutes.  By the time I got to checkout I was a little confused about what was going on and expected a discount for waiting so long... Not the case at all I was charged full price and the same snotty receptionist quickly rushed me out the door.  Save yourself the hassle and get your pampering somewhere else.
I've been going to Kimberley's Day Spa for at least 10 years, so Kimberley's has become a bit of a tradition for me. When my family doesn't know what to do for my birthday or mother's day, they send me a Kimberley's gift certificate (which Kimberley's makes very easy). The facility is clean, the decor is fine and location is convenient. Unfortunately, it seems every time I find someone I prefer for massage therapy, facials, etc. they are gone when I call to schedule again with them. (presumably to work somewhere else) . When I travel I get the same services from experienced technicians, and there is definitely something to be said for paying for experience and familiarity. I will continue to go to Kimberley's becauseits convenient and a girl's gotta have a spa day from time to time!
Everyone I know that had gone to Kimberly's has always had a great experience, however most of them all only went to the salon or got a mani/pedi. Well I was given a gift certificate, so I decided to use it on a massage, that was supposed to be for one hour. Now like another reviewer pointed out, it was cut about 10 minutes shorter than the full hour, but I can get over that if the time during the massage was worth it. I can very easily say this is the worst massage I have ever had in my life. I had told the masseuse that I had a lot of back tension so the more pressure the better. Normally when I have a nice, deep tissue massage, there is some pain during the actual process from working out the knots, but afterward I feel tons better. And shouldn't that be how you feel after a massage, better and not worse right? Well during my entire massage, not only did the masseuse continue to talk and talk and talk keeping me from actually enjoying my massage, and everytime I asked her to apply more pressure, she kept on going about her talking and the pressure stayed the same. Once the massage was done and I got back into my car, my back started to hurt so much. Sure she started working on the knots, but she stopped before they were ever really loosened up, so all she ended up doing was irritating the knots and making me in more pain than I was before I had gone in. Ever since then, when I have gone there for gift certificates to give as gifts, the workers have been very snotty. For somewhere that is supposed to feel like "Heaven on Earth", I have clearly felt something a bit more inferno like - some kind of heaven eh?
the people who rate Kimberly's day spa  with more than two stars have to be related!   and I will give then two stars because the place is clean...the people at the front desk are RUDE and mess up your appointments...I have been to this place more than a few times...only because I have received gift certificates and didn't want to waste their money...I have since let these generous people know i will not be returning to this place I don't mind paying the price but there are better places around than Kimberly's...who has gone down hill...they need to remind their rude people at the desk the first impression should not be their  poor attitude...
Oh, Kimberley's, I really tried to like you.  But it just didn't work out.  I went to Kimberley's several times and also sent my husband there for a massage.  First, the decor is this sort of over the top Italian style that is nice and all but just doesn't do it for me in terms of spa atmosphere.  Still, it's nice.  Can't downgrade it there. The treatments are fine.  I had a massage, mani/pedi, and one of their float treatments.  The float was awesome and I don't know of any other place in the area that has this.  It was really relaxing. But the prices are outrageous for the area, and the only thing more outrageous is the snooty attitude of several of the employees.  First, they wear these awful white outfits that are more reminiscent of a hospital.  Front desk staff always acted like they were doing me a favor by checking me in.  And one day I was a few minutes late for a mani, yeah, I knew about their policy that they will have to cut the treatment short or charge me, but I got serious attitude for the entire duration of the abbreviated manicure. I think people only go here because they got gift certificates.  Complexions is way better in terms of atmosphere, prices, and staff.
I had heard of Kimberly's and really wanted to do something special with my daughter.while I was in town visiting.  After reading many online review websites I now know why it is well known. It's known for being TERRIBLE!  I called to make an appointment and was greeted with a woman who was cold, rude and clearly did NOT care about getting my business. I politely declined and will NEVER throw my money away on this place. Now I know first hand why I read so many negative reviews about them.
Let me be clear upfront: Michael, the head massage therapist, gets 5 stars. This starred rating is overall. Like others, I've been given gift certificates. (When I received the last one, I was actually disappointed based on past experiences. Who would be disappointed to get a spa gift?!) The first massage I had there, back when it was in Newtonville, was at least 10 minutes shy of one hour plus I endured a full-on sales pitch. When I made my for a recent one-hour Swedish massage, I laid it all out on the line. Michael came through, exceeding expectations. My advice: be very selective in the services you seek there. The spa pedicure I've had there was decent, but $60 worth? Questionable. I had my first and only facial there, again back in Newtonville. Yikes.
I was excited to go to Kimberley's to have a custom facial. I was informed that it wouldn't be over $70, and the person doing the facial would let me know if it was more.  After the woman analyzed my face, she told me it would be 150 dollars for what I needed.  When I let her know I didn't want to spend that much, she saids she could take some things out and bring it down to 110.  Well, the treatment was barely 45 minutes long, and didn't include any of the typical masques that I have experienced before with European facials.  It seemed like when I said I didn't want to spend 150 dollars, she decided it wasn't worth it.  I won't be going back here- there is a place closer to me with 60 dollar facials that are better.
I finally cashed in my gift certificate that my in laws got for me for X-mas. I was in much needed help when it came to a nice relaxful afternoon. While I loved the escape that I needed. I was actually a bit distracted during the massage with construction that was happening in another room. It sounded like a constant jackhammer that kept going. But besides that my masseuse was great.
Wonderful place! Go here, and you will walk away feeling relaxed and refreshed. I got an hour-long Swedish full body massage, followed by a manicure and pedicure. The services were great, and my masseuse and manicurist/pedicurist were very friendly, and did great jobs. I love going to Kimberley's Day Spa... can't wait to go back again!
I read all these negative reviews and am surprised. I've been going there for haircuts for over 4 years and have never been treated anything but quite well.  I have also tried a few spa services and was happy with them, too.  A few of the women at the front desk have in the past been a little snobby, but never rude or disrespectful. I've had to cancel an appointment minutes before the scheduled time due to a traffic problem I couldn't get past and they totally understood and rescheduled without a cancellation fee.  Most importantly, my haircuts are worth every penny. I originally moved to the area and got a *butcher* job on my hair at another popular Latham salon (I won't start any RUMORS about where that was!)  and they were just as pricey if not more so.  Kimberly's is relaxing and you get what you pay for.
I have been here three times in the last year and i have to say i haven't once had a bad experience.  Last time i had this Mango Float wrap which was different, but so relaxing and i felt great when it was finished.  Everyone from the women who checked me in to the girl who did the treatment and the last girl to check me out were all very nice and very helpful.  I will keep coming back.
The b*tch who answers the phone should be fired. She kept me on hold for 5 minutes! All I wanted to know was to inquire about their bridal packages and the b*tch rushed me off the phone! You just lost a customer!
For as expensive as this place is, I would expect ten times better customer service.  Seriously, I dropped five hundred in a couple of hours here, not including tips, and everyone except the staff that actually performed the treatments treated me like shit.  There were three girls at the front desk, all of whom were extremely nasty and rude for absolutely no reason.  "Snooty" is the word I've seen in all these reviews, and that describes it to a T.  It took them forever to acknowledge my presence when I checked in for my appointments, and it took them even longer to check me out.  I was also here a few days prior to buy a gift certificate, and the process took thirty-five minutes, even though there were NO other customers around.  Unbelievable.  Maybe they tell the staff to act stuck-up in hopes that it gives the establishment a bit more of an elitist atmosphere, but I don't feel like shelling out this kind of money to be treated like shit.
pretty expensive, but you get what you pay for. very professional and clean. they decor is classy, the atmosphere is relaxing and i have not been disappointed here. just be aware that its on the pricey end, especially for this area.
