Great place for kids to get out of the stroller and run around. Crawl through tunnels, slide down slides, climb nets.
This is merely the HS version of The Boneyard over at AK or the other way around depending on which you encounter first or like more. People's criticism's kids potentially not liking this area because they haven't seen the movie is idiotic because other than the Rick Moranis fan club I would imagine that few have watched it at any time over the last twenty years and as a kid you don't need to see it to come here, run around & have fun while enjoying some quality unstructured play time. Just like the Boneyard though, there really is no place to sit as a parent and because of the layout you cannot effectively keep track of your child but thankfully there is only one way in/one way out and both are monitored by castmembers. Unless it's crazy crowded this is a great spot to take a good 30-45 minute break from the non-stop pace of park touring for both you and your child.
It is a brilliant play area and a great way for young children to burn energy BUT (and this is a big one), the tunnel system makes it quite literally IMPOSSIBLE to keep your kids in view.  There are a half-dozen little entrances to the tunnel system, and from within kids can exit to any of them as well as to a number of slides and staircases, and it is not physically possible to see all exits at once, or even most of them.  Kid goes in, it is a total dice roll where he/she will come out. I know this because my 4 y/o ran in today, I went in after her, she had already turned a corner and disappeared.  15 min later I found her (along with the assistance of three other guests and two park employees) in a totally different part of the attraction.  Terrifying. So, if you have kids young enough not to not be able to find their way back to you, avoid this part of the attraction.
If you don't think this place is awesome you must hate your children. I basically had to drag my 3 year old and my 1.8 year old out of here.  They loved it.  What an awesome way to spend 30 minutes to let the kids blow off some steam. Plus, I always loved this movie as a kid so it was kinda cool to be surrounded by giant blades of grass. I can see the complaints of it possibly getting muggy and hot in the area, but that's why you don't go to Disney in July dumbass.
If you are traveling with little ones at Hollywood Studios you will probably need to take a break at Honey I Shrunk the Kids playground at somepoint during your day. Freedom from the stroller or no longer having to hold mommy's hand while you stand in line...yeah that kind of break. In other words, a break for parents too!! The playground has lot's of areas of oversized movie characters to make the kids feel like they really are running thru ant hill tunnels, etc. So not a ride, not a show...just a place for tired, frustrated, over excited kids to run free and take a play break.
If you are traveling with kids and feel like you could use a break from all the walking around, I'd bring them to the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids playground.   You get a real sense of what it would be like to be shrunk by by Professor Wayne Szalinski's Electromagic Shrink ray, just like in the movie. The playground features 30-foot-tall blades of grass, rideable ants, explorable convoluted anthills, a spider web / maze with climbing ropes, a slide made to look like a canister of Kodak film, a giant dog, modeled after the Szalinski family pooch Quark, that "sneezes" mist from his nose, 52-foot-long leaking water hose that sprays, 40-foot-tall bumblebees, and a jumbo plant-root mazes. All of that should be plenty to keep your little ones busy, while you give your feet a rest from pounding the Hollywood Studio pavement. I rated it 3 Stars, mostly because I'm not 6-years-old.  But I do remember coming here when I was much younger, and as kids my brother and I had a blast jumping around the playground.
yup if you have a toddler at Hollywood studios..take them here for a little while my 5yo loved it ..so thats good enough for me!
My son LOVES this area of the Studios. There aren't many places within Disney parks that allow kids to run free and just play. This play area is somewhat small but has a series of caves, a cargo net, slides and a few splash areas. It would be nice if they offered more ways to get wet, or even better, make this play area air conditioned. It is just too hot (and smells like urine) in those caves. My son always wants my tall self to follow him into those caves. Ugh. He calls it the "ant playground". Another downer is that employees won't allow you to bring drinks into the area. There is one way in or out of the area. Good thing because it's easy to temporarily loose track of your kids while they are in and out of caves and slides.
I believe Disney lost their mind with this adventure(3 stars would be too much, but 2 stars isn't quite enough, 2.5 would be more appropriate).  It's a little outdated, though a good place for kids to romp around in.  Although it's based on the movie, if your kids haven't seen it yet, going through these slides and whatnot, getting wet and stuff, it may not be a good place to sit and romp around in.  I've seen this movie when I was little (and shortly thereafter used this adventure, my mother told me not to go here in fear that I'd pick up germs.)  However, when my brothers visited here a few years ago, things changed, but I got old enough to enjoy other things at the park without even dealing with this place, and my mother changed her tune a bit, yet it got so hot and sticky, she didn't feel like dealing with "cleanup" from this mess up.  Things did change, things that once squirted water, didn't, while a few new things that once didn't make it into the movie, now made it on the set adventure here.
It id basically a playground with over size things in it. My daughter had fun but being Disney I expected more.
