Simply an amazing experience. The hotel itself captures the time perfectly and the craftsmanship is spectacular.  The basement  boiler room is amazing.  The ride itself has several thrills and I love the Twilight Zone theme.  Hands down the best ride at Hollywood studios.
Best ride ever in Hollywood Disney. It was so much fun and big drops were so scary I was screaming like crazy. I went in with my kids and they loved it. So much fun and scary.
Great ride at Hollywood studios. Over the years the have made the ride it self longer and better you never know how it will go. Every ride is different. We never miss this ride.
This is my favorite ride at Hollywood Studios!  It's amazing, and it makes me nervous and gives me butterflies each time! How do you know I really like this ride? I'm scared of free fall rides! I think this one is different for me because it is enclosed. It's amazing. Stomach in knots each and every time! I screamed each time. To the point where the guy next to us asked if I was okay. LOL There are different patterns/shows, and on our last ride, the ghosts waved goodbye to us from the shaft, which was pretty cool.  I'm pretty sure we got two huge drops from the top on that one.
Rode this with my 8 year old daughter and we both LOVED it! She was nervous the whole time but after the ride was finished she couldn't wait to ride it again. We got the speedpass and it was definitely worth it because this is obviously a popular ride and for good reason! All of the castmembers truly play the part the whole time and this definitely adds to the fun.
Multiple free falls rock! Weightlessness! LOVE IT!!!! Best ride at Hollywood Studios! (besides Muppet Vision of course!)
Better that the one in DCA!! It's not just a vertical ride, and I want to say it has more drops but I could just be so excited over this ride that I may exaggerate that part...
I love this ride. It is a tad scary for some, but that plunge on a "broken" elevator is enough to make your stomach lurch. Love Love Love it!!
"There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition, and it lies between the pit of man's fears and the summit of his knowledge. This is the dimension of imagination. It is an area which we call the Twilight Zone." Hang onto your hats! And be prepared to be scared. The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror is one of the best rides in all of Disney. The Hollywood Tower Hotel is a landmark you can see as you walk into the park -- its tall, worn out appearance beckons you to it. "Come to me, come to me!" it says. So you follow. You're plunged into the depths of the HTH where you see nothing has really changed since that infamous night in 1939 when an elevator crashed, killing everyone on it. You enter nervously -- could you be next? What if you don't come back? Or yet, if you do come back from the Tower of Terror, will you ever be the same? The service elevator arrives and you step on. You buckle your seatbelt and the bellhop tells you to have a nice trip. You wonder if he told the people on the elevator the same thing in 1939... It gets dark, then finally, the ghosts appear. They're the same people who perished that fateful night in 1939! The adrenaline is pumping and soon enough, the elevator car starts to climb. Up, up, up it goes. Then it stops. And then you drop. And up. And drop! Again and again until you don't think you can take it anymore. The ride goes black. The doors open. You've made it out of the Tower of Terror in one piece... this time.
The Tower of Terror and I have a long and complicated relationship. It all started when I was in middle school, and this ride opened. At the time, I was in debt to my father for the grand sum of $30, slowly repaying him for buying an extra Nintendo 64 controller before I had saved enough to do it myself. During this time, we visited what was known then as Disney-MGM Studios and he made me an offer: go on this ride, and your debt will be forgiven. What choice did I have? I had not been before but was very much afraid of this ride; I don't typically like dropping rides. I went for it. I hated it. I hated everything about it. But, I was now debt-free. I continued to hate and avoid this ride on most visits to the park for the next 20 years. I gave it several chances and experienced every iteration from the original single-drop variant, the double-drop, whatever came after that, and now the randomized version. On a recent visit, and my wife's first visit to Disney World, she gazed upon the Hollywood Tower Hotel and said she wanted to go. Knowing my fear of the ride, she said I didn't have to go with her. However, with great fear, I stepped onto the grounds of that doomed property. Any idiot can make a drop ride or a roller coaster, theming is what makes it an experience to remember, and this is Disney's best example. Even walking up to the queue entrance, staring at its imposing facade over the Sunset Strip, its power and presence pull you into the experience long before you arrive. To enter the queue is to enter another world, especially at dusk. It's dark and foggy; erie, but still exudes the class of a hip, five-star hotel. Take the time to appreciate the incredible attention to detail. You enter the tired, cobweb-filled lobby and are greeted by well-trained cast members eager to maintain the illusion. Clearly, Disney picks the emo kids to operate this ride. Finally, all is revealed. The anticipation. The fear. You exit the elevator to the ride platform. No turning back now (that's not true, really, there is what my family calls a "chicken exit"; I've taken it many times). You buckle in. This is really happening. I'm always so impressed that Disney invented an elevator capable of moving between two different shafts. The slow march towards the inevitable. The tension continues to build. Up or down? Which way will you go? With my wife and mom on either side, clutching my arms, we dropped. Again. And again. And again. And you know what? I LOVED IT. Nothing beats this attraction for the total experience start to finish. Best ride at Disney? Best ride at Disney.
A do not miss when at Hollywood Studios. The theme, the lead up to the ride, the ride itself is all spectacularly done. I love the Twilight Zone and I definitely feel like this captures its essence.   Even waiting in line isn't terrible when the atmosphere is being in the basement of a scary hotel. The ride itself is terrific.  It gets me every time.  I never know when to expect the drop.
One of the best rides in the park. Lines tend to move quick, and even a 45 minute wait is worth the wait. Every trip through the Tower is a different experience, both with the cast members, and the drops. Air conditioning inside makes me happy....don't miss it!
Go right when fantasmic starts .... There's no wait Disney does it right, this ride never gets old. You could go on ten times in a row and the drop is always different.
**************    REVIEW #1100    ************** I love coasters, but I was scared to death of this attractions for years.  Many, many years!  I would go into Hollywood Studios with every intention of getting on it.  I'd get there and look up at the tall, menacing building and see the windows open and hear everyone screaming.  That's when I'd say, "Oh, hell no!" and continue on to Aerosmith's Rock 'n Roller Coaster. I always said, "One day... one day."   This past May (2014), that day finally arrived.  What happened?  Well, just as the elevators were closing, the Cast Member said, "You should have taken the stairs."  I immediately went into panic attack mode.  Yes, i have severe panic attacks which cause me to have an asthma attack...  it's not pretty.  I shook uncontrollably, cried, and hyperventilated during the entire ride.  My sweet, sweet husband was soothing me the entire time telling me to breathe and that it would be over soon.  It felt like it went on for hours.  If you're asthmatic, you can understand what it feels like to not be able to breathe, if you're not, try to imagine it... then throw a panic attack on top of it.  It was so bad that at the end of the ride, and older man held his inhaler up to my mouth and I actually took several hits from it (I'm seriously OCD, so you know I was in bad shape).  My inhaler was in my backpack on the back of my wheelchair, so hubby couldn't get to it immediately.  I think it took maybe 5 minutes before I was actually ok to stand up and leave the elevator because there were more hits from my inhaler needed and also a Xanax was required.   You should have seen the ride photo that was taken.  I was crying and hubby was turned completely sideways looking at me with this very calm, loving expression on his face.  I am still not sure how he managed to be able to block out what was happening on the ride and solely concentrate on me.   So, after all of that, why am I giving it 5 stars?  Because I be damned if I let a ride get the best of me!  :D We went back down to Disney just a couple of weeks later and I had been telling my husband I was getting back on ToT.  I honestly think it was the not knowing that got to me.  Logic dictated I should be ok since I knew what was going to happen.   As soon as we got back to Disney, Hollywood Studios was the first Park hubby and I went to and we went directly to ToT.  Time to really face my fears.  This time, hubby made sure to have my inhaler and a Xanax in his pocket.  He wasn't taking any chances. What happened?  I laughed and giggled the entire time.  It was so.much.fun!  I knew every ride was different as far as the timing of the drops, how far the drops were, how many, etc.  It didn't matter.  Even though I didn't know when it was coming, I knew what to expect, so it was all good.   You will be lifted off your seat.  The weightlessness feels so cool.  You also do not get that huge pit in your stomach like you do from big drops on coasters, etc.   The view of the Park when the windows open is breathtaking.  I take as much of it in for as long as I can each and every time.  Sometimes when you ride you have more time with windows open than others... those are my favourite rides.  I also love it when it drops to the bottom and people think it's over and then up we go again.  I'm use to seeing the swirling screen now and I know that means we're in for some more, but it's funny to hear the people scream who think it's the end. A Fast Pass is nice to have for this ToT, but if you don't have one, the wait time is usually not over 40 minutes even during peak season.  I have seen it get up to 60 every now and then, but it doesn't stay there for long.  Also, with this attraction, you can generally subtract 10 minutes from whatever it says the wait time is.   Here's a tip:  You'll go into one of two libraries for a pre-show before the ride.  After the pre-show, there's another short queue you'll have to wait in.  When you go in the library, go into the corner on the other side of the room as far away from the TV as you can, but stay on the same side of the room as the TV... just get as far from it as you can.  That wall has a painting on it and as soon as the pre-show is over, that wall is going to open up and lead you down a corridor to the short queue.  The room is always packed with people, so you want to be one of the first ones out of the room so you don't have to wait behind them all in line again.   Also, riding during the night is a totally different experience than riding during the day.  I love to ride at night because I love to see all the lights when the windows open up. The Rock 'n Roller Coaster has always been my favourite attraction at Disney, but now I have two favourites because ToT is right up there with it.  I can't pick one over the other because I love them both equally! Now, I neve come to Hollywood Studios without riding ToT at least twice... sometimes even three and four times!
Awesome!  This is now my favorite ride in Hollywood Studios. At first, I was concerned and did not want to go on it as I hate closed in spaces and have a bit of a fear of heights. However, and the urging of that ""Daredevil" daughter of mine, I went on it. At first, I closed my eyes hoping to get through this as fast as possible, but then my daughter told me to open my eyes and promised it would not be as bad as I thought. Well, she didn't lie, I opened my eyes just in time to see the slight lightning that opens up the darkness just before the elevator drops, and drop it did, over and over again. But if you can believe this, it was actually fun! The ride dropped you and when you got to the stop, it was almost like you floated off your seat. This was immediately proceeded with being pulled straight back up and dropped once again. At  one point, the doors actually opened and you were looking straight out into the park with thousands of people just walking around while everyone around you was either laughing or screaming. It was surreal. I had such a good time, that we went back on it again the minute we got off, and this time I kept my eyes open the entire time.
Awesome! The hour and a half wait (ugh) is worth it. A fastpass would have been nice but we didn't get there in time. I'm sure most visitors have never actually watched The Twilight Zone, but I used to quite often with my parents so it was fun to experience this ride and watch the throwback videos. It's pretty quick... just a few seconds... but dang, so fun. You get a glimpse of the park from the top of the tower, which is cool as well. Enjoy!
This is always a classic ride in Hollywood Studios aka MGM. The last time I came on this ride was bout 10+ years ago. We've been out here a few times but the lil one wasn't tall enough until now. She was terrified the entire time which wasn't too long since my fiance was smart enough to get fast passes for us. Let me just say I was a little worried too since I heard it's gotten better (but no one else has to know that). After riding it... It really wasn't too bad but my ears did pop a few times. I also found out that each elevator does a different routine. So you might get 3 drops or maybe 5. All in all... I would recommend a fast pass because sometimes the wait is 1+ hours but I wouldn't mind going back on it.
This ride was just okay. I went with my father because he loves thrill rides, but he was disappointed. I was super anxious before the ride but it was still a let down for me. The best part is when it opens up to the sky view on the very top. The drops are very short, then you go back up and drop again. I'm glad we had the fastpass because otherwise I would have considered the wait an immense waste of time!
For a person that doesn't like heights and hates the sudden drops, I give it 3 stars. But for those that like the dark and free fall motion-like, I give this 4 stars. I can't give it away...but I was horrified, just looking at the picture when I got off the ride explains it all. It was all fun and games until you... enter the elevator into the tower of terror. enter at your own risk.
It's a classic! This ride never fails to be exciting. Last time I was there, they had a lovely little espresso cart right at the exit, and the smell wafted all the way to the front of the line. It was delightful.
Awesome ride, usually long lines so it's better to secure a fast pass as soon as you arrive to the park.   The Tower of Terror is an exciting elevator ride that takes you up and down, up and down, and up and down.  The moves are gut wrenching so prepare to be sick after the ride is over.  They will trick you into looking out the top of the hotel and then the bottom drops out. Good luck!  It's really fun!
I admit it. I get sucked in by the big building. I love the horrible acting from the cast members. I dig the styling of the attraction, itself. I just love this ride. This thing was put together in an era where imagineers really had it together. They were starting to come into the modern era and even surpass it. Some of the effects on this one are spectacular and make you really wonder, even after all these years, how they pulled it off. Mainly the ghostly apparitions you encounter on the ride up. Honestly, I am not a huge fan of free fall rides. They just don't do it for me, typically. But this one goes beyond a typical freefall. It, like most Disney rides, is an experience. There is a story. There is a theme. There is real technology and thought put into every aspect of the ride. In the early years of the attraction, it was just two freefalls. Maybe three. I don't recall. But at some point, they changed the ride software to randomize the amount of bounce back freefalls. It really adds to the ride and gives you a different experience each time. The retro feel of the hotel lobby fits in so well with the storyline. I even love the pre ride study area where they give you a little show much like the Haunted Mansion theatrics. It really primes you with creepiness. The "bellhops" take it to the next stop after walking through the "boiler area" and hopping into the "service elevator". Don't be too scared and close your eyes before the fall. There are so many cool things to see. You will know when it is time. After the fall, check out all the cool stuff in the room the vehicle takes you to. There are several cool little pieces in there.
How can you not love Tower of Terror.  I like this one better than the California Adventure one more because this actually pulls you all the way to the front of the hotel and then up and down.  Cool!  At the end of the ride, you get pulled back to the back of the hotel then into a room full of old antiques.  Look around, there's a lot of interesting things you might see. Get a FastPass if possible.  There's not that many rides in the Hollywood Studios so this is bound to be a long wait.
FEAR EVERY DROP!  You have just entered...THE TWILIGHT ZONE! Based on the TV series, "The Twilight Zone," the Hollywood Tower Hotel maintenance elevator is still in operation today. It is located at Disney's Hollywood Studios theme park. You first walk past the concierge gate staff & travel along a somewhat spooky walk up to the hotel entrance.  You enter into the hotel lobby, & it appears deserted & dusty. You pass the concierge desk & they grant you permission to enter the hotel library with about 20 other riders. The staff member shuts the door to the creepy old library when the guests are all inside. Unexpectedly, a lightning bolt sound strikes & the room becomes total darkness. A TV is lit up in one corner of the enclosed library room drawing everyone's attention that direction to the Pre-Show video. What a thrill the first time! Was this room the ride? Was the room we stood in going to drop? Was the bookshelf wall going to fake-out fall down on us? Horrifying, suspenseful, frightening experience! What is happening? What is next?! The Twilight Zone music begins & the floating door in the starry night sky spins in at you on screen, just like in the intro to the TV show. You unlock this door with the key of imagination. On the other side lies the fifth dimension. We see an elevator clip with 5 ghost people in a deadly elevator. We watch Rod Serling on screen from the TV series tell us that the maintenance elevator is still in operation today. Beware as we just crossed over into the Twilight Zone!  More theme music plays as the concierge opens a different door to let us enter the hotel & go to our elevator. While there is one maintenance elevator by story, the ride has 4 elevators to ride. You choose left or right, then they pretty much assign you which of the 2 on that side unless you make a special request. I have ridden all 4 elevators & tip to all, they are ALL DIFFERENT! Not so much that you need to ride them all, but if you feel like repeats, check out a different elevator by all means! The elevator hotel staff will line you on floor numbers to enter the next elevator. You are seated in three rows longwise across of 22 people. Row 3 seats eight. Rows 1 & 2 seat three & four people each side so there is a walkway for down the middle for entry. You clasp your seat belt, no harnesses here (Mwah ha ha, *evil laugh*) & the elevator door closes you all in. The elevator car is sent off on your journey to travel through the fifth dimension of blue futuristic science-fiction, chilling style thrillers. You see the ghosts in the window appear & vanish.  You may see electricity fizzling. You may see the door. It's a difference ride each elevator from my many experiences. Eventually you slowly stop facing a dark wall. Suspenseful confused wait (when is this coming?!)... then, DROP! The elevator rides are all different as well as the drop sequences. This isn't just a "giant drop tower" ride. You drop, shoot up, drop a lot, shoot up a little, drop a little, shoot up a lot - Different unpredictable drops every time at least in each elevator I can confirm. Very fun! You will see out the open windows at high levels over the park, and drop back down. It is awesome! You had entered the hotel on floor 1, & will exit the ride in the basement to the gift shop (B thru 12 = 13 FLOORS for the superstitious thrill seekers). As you are exiting the overhead speakers informs that you survived this time, but next time in Hollywood you should reconsider your hotel or you may become a "permanent member" of THE TWILIGHT ZONE! I had a blast & returned home from the fifth dimension to share this epic review of my survival to you, and I did all of this without even wetting my pants. Many would be afraid of the drops, I am afraid of the spooky things! Thus a thrilling ride for all! The staff plays the role of hotel concierge staff very well. The ride is fun. The visual effects are phenomenal, and the theme song creates the perfect sense for mysterious, frightful suspense. Tips: The handles are a single metal rod between you and the person beside you. So if you want to hold on both sides sit in the middle of your friends or hold your neighbors hand for awkward additional fun! I put my arms up (love rides) so you do not need to hold on is confirmed here. Either way, get prepared for a booty lifted off the seat fun time. I had a little wristlet purse & do hold it well on rides, but if you have a loose wallet, change, or purse you can't hold confidently, give it to a friend to hold or leave it behind at hotel or locker. DO NOT SIT ON IT! Your booty will lift off the seat some! Enjoy the Hollywood Tower Hotel maintenance elevator if you dare & enter at your own risk! !  I highly recommend the Tower of Terror & hope you survive & return to review of your own amazing elevator drop series experience!
This ride is better at Disney World than Disney Land.  There are a few extra minutes of animation and suspense before they lift you up and drop you
Wow. I've always been a fan of The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror at California Adventure and I didn't think it could get better than that. I was wrong. Tower of Terror at Hollywood Studios is even better. Can you believe it. The line moved quickly and the quirky cast members made the ride that much more fun. Totally creepers, but in a great way! Kudos to them. The drops are pretty much the same but the intro adds a little something extra special that makes it that much better. So great. If the line isn't too bad, make sure you get a Fastpass and get in line so you can ride back to back!
My favorite ride. Creepy and very exciting.
For an hour + wait you're looking at a handful of drops that are equivalent to jumping from a high diving board. The drops are all straight down. No side to side movement so be careful with the change and other small objects in your pockets.
I love the backstory of this ride. I watched the movie made by the Disney channel when I was 13 and have been obsessed with this ride from afar ever since. The first time I visited Disney Hollywood Studio, I was 5 months pregnant and couldn't ride. Tonight was my first time....and it did NOT disappoint. I have a very easily upset stomach, and am quite afraid of heights...but this ride ended up not being a problem for me whatsoever. I ended up riding this 3 times!!!  Do yourself a favor...do NOT chicken out :)
I don't get nervous on rides, I don't get scared before I go on rides, and I don't NOT go on rides because they look too scary.  That said, the first time I went on this ride was when it had first opened and I didn't know ANYTHING about it.  The ride starts a little slow, but when it took off I think I almost peed myself because I just wasn't ready for it. So that was the first time...since then I've been on this ride 4-5 more times and I LOVE it-definitely my favorite ride in this park.  First time my daughter went on it she screamed so loud it made me giggle.  First time my son went on this ride HE screamed so loud it made my wife giggle.  This is a MUST DO ride if you are coming to Hollywood Studios.  The ride is very well done, the cast members really sell the attraction, and the whole theme is just great.  I wish the ride was actually a little higher so we had an even bigger thrill, but if there is a ride at Hollywood Studios worth waiting for, this is it.   USE YOUR FAST PASS!!!!
I think it's the realistic hotel set up, the creepy actors, and the legit elevator that made me nervous about this ride, every time.  The anticipation is half the scary part, by far. We were buckled into the elevator, and zoomed up to 'tour' the hotel and the Twilight Zone happennings.  Once we were in the dark, and moved to the front of the hotel, I knew the drop was coming.. but had no idea when.  My stomach was in knots waiting for it, but once we dropped, my screams were mixed with a huge smile since it was such a rush!  They dropped us a number of times (and brought us back up).. sometimes with the windows open so you can see the whole park. Great ride, and definitly a thrill.  Every time, it did not get old.
This ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios is super fun if you like free falling drop rides.  The theme is the Twilight Zone, and riders are taken on a haunted elevator ride.  A person must be 40 inches to ride, and that's probably a good rule even for non-safety purposes.  A younger kid might be too scared to actually enjoy feeling like they're plummeting to their demise.  Oh, who am I kidding?  My exactly 40 inch 4-year-old son handled it pretty well, but he wasn't so thrilled that he wanted to do it again.  My 6-year-old daughter, on the other hand, would have ridden it all day.  But the Hispanic family in the elevator with us was all over the board.  The mom bawled her eyes out and said words even my Spanish-speaking daughter couldn't (and probably shouldn't) understand, whereas the young son screamed "Again, again" in Spanish when the ride ended.   I very much recommend getting a fast pass for this ride.  It's quite popular and deservedly so.  The line for non fast-pass holders was 110 minutes long, whereas our fast line was only about ten minutes long.  You'll be happy to have taken this advice.   A picture is taken of riders during the ride, and the pictures are available for purchase after disembarking.  This is one of the few rides I'd recommend buying the picture because the moment captured is often hilarious.
So this was my first time on this ride. I must say amazing. The whole experience from waiting in line to the hotel lobby was awesome. Lots of detail and dust to make everything feel old. You have to go down into the basement to go up. The ride was awesome and the total twilight zone feel was cool. This is a must ride ride.
I am in love with ride. It has to the best ride at Hollywood Studios. It's always a different ride everytime
Favorite ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios! If you like free-falling drop rides, then this ride is definitely for you! To top it off, the theme of this ride is The Twilight Zone. Scary yet very entertaining. Very cinematic and a sight to see. 14 stories of drops and up. I recommend getting fast-passes for this ride because non fast-pass holders may wait up to 60 minutes long! Pictures are capture during the ride and available for purchase as you exit. Let go your fears and enjoy this awesome ride!
This is my favorite ride in all of Orlando, bar-none. It is, very literally, the only reason to visit Disney's Hollywood Studios (and, why you really do need the "Park Hopper" passes). We have returned to this ride on every single visit. (And, yes, we literally pop-off the monorail, dash to the Tower of Terror, and run back to the monorail again). In fact, on our last trip, the line was longer than we would have ever dreamed ... and as we stood there (hot and grumpy), the ride was "temporarily shut-down" due to a malfunction. Now, any sane person would have walked-away ... who wants to get on the ride that literally just broke? But we patiently waited twenty-minutes for the needed repairs and another thirty to reach the front of the line. Was it worth it? YES! Every single time!!! There are enough descriptions of the ride here so I will not delve into all the amazing details (but, suffice it to say that the experience truly does vary so that the ride is not entirely predictable ... in a great way!) If you can tear yourself away from these posts, I would simply say to have faith in these five-star reviews: read nothing more, and allow yourself to be genuinely surprised and terrified by this ride! (I am so glad that I had no idea what to expect on my first visit!) It does not get any better than The Tower of Terror! Nota Bene: This ride is one of the very few in all of Disney that is definitely not for children. Proceed with extreme caution.
All I can say is: hold on to your butts! Though the Aerosmith Rock n Roller Coaster is pretty good, it doesn't hold a candle to the awesomeness of The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror. I am a big fan of The Twilight Zone and though I knew this ride's name going in, I was still surprised to see Rod Serling introduce it. That was cool. When you're strapped in, you don't really know what to expect. You know you're going to go up and then drop but you're not sure when or how much. If I were you, I would stop reading Yelp right now. Don't look for the spoilers. Just go and ride it. It's so much fun. I screamed and laughed through the entire free fall. I wish I had ridden it again and again. I wish I had at least ridden it twice. Once was certainly not enough. I will definitely have to come back to Disney some day and do it again. Though I was kinda bored with much of the rest of Hollywood Studios, The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror was the one thing that certainly revived my soul... and ripped it up and out of my throat.
I remember going on this ride when it first opened. It's one of those experiences that you always remember. Usually, over the years you get tired of a specific ride as they remain the same and get boring. Well, not the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror! Now with multiple falls and thrills! I go on this ride every time I am here. Yes, the lines are always long, and there is no single rider line. I would suggest running to this first thing in the morning when you get there, then get a fast pass to go on again later in the day. Sometimes if you wait until just before closing the line is not too bad. The attention to detail on the grounds and inside the "hotel" are pure Disney magic. It really looks like an old abandoned hotel. The grounds are a bit unkempt and age worn, and the inside looks amazing as if stuck back in time. Part of the fun for me is waiting on line and looking around at everything. Once you finally get in you are gathered into a library room and watch a Twilight Zone video explaining the story of all the people that were there. You then are sent into the basement boiler room where you wait to get loaded into an elevator car and then all heck breaks loose as you are sent on a scary ride in the dark. Twilight Zone-like video images appear as the car moves into position. It's all pretty cool and the suspense builds. Then - whoosh! You are sent rocketing to the top and then free-fall straight down. Then it happens again, and again, and again. You don't know how many drops as I think it changes for each time on it. At one point you shoot to the top and the doors open. You can see the park and how high up you are. It's such a thrilling ride. Even though the actual ride is relatively quick it's worth it. One of the best at this park!
My favorite attraction in Hollywood studios! This "twilight zone" riide was very entertaining and really well done. you are on edge the whole time. I dont know wont spoil the details but a must try attraction in disney no matter how long the wait is!
With a Fast Pass (or first thing in the AM) this ride is definitely worth it. The cast members definitely play the part well. And you can tell they're having fun. My favorite one yet was when I was riding it during Extra Magic Hours and it was almost midnight, it was the last elevator of the evening and the Cast Member spoke parsel tongue to a little boy that decide to hiss at him. Absolutely most BRILLIANT way to end the day. I've even gotten my husband - who doesn't like stomach flipping rides - to enjoy this ride with me. I love that you never know what you're going to get on this ride. Definitey one of my favorites. Have yet to ride it's sister hotel in Anaheim at CA Adventure. But I get my fix enough when I'm here that I don't need to worry about it so much.
IMHO, the coolest ride at Hollywood Studios. I've been to the tower at Disney Paris and the US one is a lot better! A lot! Free fall? Rock on!!!! But do not forget to get your Fast Pass for the ride as waiting time can be annoying. Great ride!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! This ride scares me shitless. Every single time. I don't know why I keep subjecting myself to it. I blame the adrenaline high I get in the few minutes after I get off the ride. It's quite addicting. I really dislike the feeling of my stomach being in my brain, my heart not beating for a few seconds, and my breath disappearing into the abyss. But I can't deny that it makes me feel super duper alive afterwards. I have no idea how many times they drop you or how far you fall 'cos I've been too scared to figure either of those things out. I've been too busy trying not to die or pee my pants. This is a must-ride when you're in Hollywood Studios, and it's a good one to get Fastpasses for. PS: The view of Hollywood Studios from up high is pretty cool until you plunge to your "death".
This ride is awesome because it plays on the fears that so many people have. Being stuck on an elevator about to plunge into hell. The cinematic's leading up to the big drop are great. The suspense is enough to drive you crazy and yes you are really high up. 14 stories up! You have to just get over your fears about getting on a ride like to this to truly enjoy how awesome it really is. Fear is that awful bubble that keeps you from doing all the fun stuff there is to do out there. LIKE THIS RIDE!
Favorite ride in Hollywood Studios, just 1 step better than Rockin Rollercoaster. Cast members are funny on this one, they look frightened. The 'plot' is cool, the graphics, videos, design, it's all great. Totally worth a wait
Love all the attention to detail with the props you see while waiting in line. There are tons of great photo ops while waiting in line, and the photos from the ride itself are always great.
I think I'm finally ready after returning from vacation in Disney to be able to write some reviews!   I really needed a vacation from vacation!   When my kids wanted to ride this, I thought I knew what I was getting into. I thought it would be similar to rides like Demon Drop or Freefall near where I'm at up in PA.  WRONG!  I forgot this is Disney and it is the experience if even getting to the ride besides the ride itself makes the experience that much more fun and scary! After going through the line and being moved into a "pre-boarding" area, you get to watch a Twilight Zone video explaining that happened to all the people.  You then move and load into your one of two cars, and off you go.   Like most Disney rides, you are in the dark.  You move up and then you stop.  You are looking then at a video almost 3D like without any 3D glasses.  You move up again, and then your car is pitched forward through a couple of slow twists and turns.  You have no idea how high or low you are by this time.  Then, WHOOSH!  You drop and quickly rise up and then down and up and again and again sometimes with a door opening to see outside when you are several stories in the air!  This ride is better at night! The ride has several different programmed sequences for going up and down, so your ride is different all the time.  So much fun! I convinced my wife to go on, and she liked it for the first drop.  The others, well, not so much.  But she did have a great time. Tower of Terror is worthy of multiple rides (it was raining when we got to this ride, so we were able to go around and around for a few times without any wait at all) and you may want to do a Fastpass for this one. The building itself is just amazing to look at!
In my opinion..... this is the 2nd best ride at Disney Hollywood Studios.  But that's not why I gave it 4 (instead of 5) stars.  It only got 4 stars b/c I'm comparing it to Disney's California Adventure's Tower of Terror. This one differs in that instead of staying on the same track, up and down..... here you go up a little bit, then it moves you forward to another up & down track.  Because it's already taken you up a little, the total height and drop of the ACTUAL ride portion is less.  I love a HUGE drop and this one lacked it. It did have more creativity than California Adventure.  But once I'm on the ride, you can do away with the Twilight Zone vid's and stuff.  Just drop me already! I cannot ding this ride stars due to the long wait.  Long waits in amusement parks are a given.  And this one being (to me) the 2nd best ride..... expect long waits.  I'm talking 90 minutes MINIMUM!  Get your fast passes!!!
Pros- -Creepy staff playing the role. -It's just a fun ride Con's: -the 130 dollar a day admission to the park -The long lines If you amake it in the park, You have to try this one.
Not a huge fan - love the story line, but not the ride.  The building is pretty cool, an adaptation of a golden age of Hollywood hotel that was abandoned after a tragic accident and is now haunted.  Gotta love Disney imagineers.
Great ride.   Pay close attention in the line for all of the details they put in.
Certainly one of the best rides here at the Studios which can be evidenced by its popularity. Fast passes run out very early. I have seen many parents try force their children on this ride with it ending in tears and a traumatized child. I would think twice about the very young ones. For adults it's awesome. A well done experience even if most don't even remember the Twilight Zone or Rod Serling. The grounds of the ride are very fitting. Good fun.
