Perfect place to stop for a short visit and learn about the USAF. Many aircraft on static display outside and inside. Look up close at bombs, missiles, and ammunition. You could spend anywhere from 30 minutes to 3 hours here. They have a small gift shop to get some last minuet souvenirs.   Best of all--it's free. This facility is manned by volunteers. (Donations accepted).
This was our last stop before taking our trip back to Atlanta. We did not get a chance to see the inside of the exhibit as it is closed on Sunday. We got however to tour the outside. Really interesting piece of Aircraft are displayed and it was worth spending 30minutes to walk around. Nest time we will be in town, I would definitely make the effort to come while the museum is open to see the inside.
Feee to enter is donation based. This place is well kept. You can't beat a family place that has so much to do for what you donate. Plenty of aircraft to look at outside and inside they have more with tons of guns and different military items to look at. If you have kids this is a great place to check out while you are visiting the area.
Great museum! We really enjoyed the airplanes outside and the information inside the museum. Would definitely recommend!
Situated on Eglin Air Force Base between Shalimar and Valparaiso, the Air Force Armament Museum is dedicated to those things that drop from planes and go boom--yes, "armament" is just a fancy way of saying "bomb".  Big bombs, small bombs, old bombs, new bombs...they're all here, organized by conflict, alongside the history of aviation.  In addition, a small piece details the history of Eglin Air Force Base and some of the military minds that have trained there, such as Jimmy Doolittle and his Tokyo Raiders, who bombed Tokyo in 1942. The museum was built in the 80's and is sadly showing its age--there's very little that's modern or fresh about this place but it looks like they're fundraising to refurbish it.  Interactivity is at a minimum and the whole museum is more of the "read it on the wall" variety, which isn't bad but tires you out pretty quickly.  There is a small theater and a 30 minute film which discusses the history of the base.  Some neat highlights included a page from a POW's diary and a display of patches from current Eglin squadrons, including my boyfriend's (USAF Ret.) dad's--the Fightin' Gorillas of the 58th, if you're interested. Outside there's an array of fighter planes from several conflicts, starting with WWII and continuing nearly to the present day.  You can drive through a short path to look and read about them, but the best way to approach it is on foot.  You'll never understand how truly massive the B-52 is until you get up close and personal, or how much the Blackbird looks like a UFO. All in all it's a quaint little museum, but you may be better served making the trip to Pensacola to the Naval Aviation Museum if you're really wanting to scratch your military history itch.  It's a little too rough around the edges currently for me to recommend as a must-see.
One of the best museums I have been to after the Smithsonian.  Definitely could have spent all day here!  A wide variety of military history and planes and everything.  Even an IMAX movie available on the hour.  Free except for the movie but more than enough things to see without it.  Amazing! I think the military vets they have posted around to answer questions are great.  Very patient in answering questions and giving you a feeling for their experiences in the past. Highly recommend!
The kids loved every section of the museum. If you are in the area, I highly suggest taking the kids here because it is free and open to the public. There was an awards ceremony the time we went. We had be quiet so not to disturb their serivce but it was an honor to be around some of the men who serves our country.
OK, so if you don't love planes, don't bother visiting here. If you like planes at all or you're interested in military history, its definitely worth the visit. Don't plan an entire trip around it because you can see everything there in a little over an hour. Its a museum so don't expect extravagant rides or any thing like that. Has a couple simulators though. Staff is excellent and in general people visiting there are friendly. Has a good overall atmosphere.
This is a great little building of history and information about Eglin air force base. Who else is interested in nerdy historical facts and images??!! On top of that it's free admission however there is a donation box so let's not be greedy and go ahead and drop a few dollars in there to help maintain a great place. It has memorabilia from the Korean Wars, Philipine Air Force,  air crafts and missiles galore for all you weapons and military buffs. Free parking and there's a gift shop to buy a model plane or book to remember your time with the museum. Great find. Hidden kind of off the highway so keep your eyes open for the sign.
I had to dig deeply to find this museum listed on Yelp. I'm very glad I found it. My family & I really enjoyed seeing the planes & artillery.
Great Museum!  A must see while at Eglin AFB.  This museum is open to the public and free!  Lots of great exhibits.
This is a fabulous collection of vintage aircraft, gunnery, history...It's a short drive from Destin and should be visited if in the area. It's free, inside and out exhibits, 2 floors, gift shop.
