Soooooo fun! We loved this place so much on our first night of vacation that we went back again a few nights later for the comedy night followed by more dueling pianos. If you eat at certain restaurants, you can get in free to Howl At The Moon(piano bar/comedy) and The Swamp (club) which are all located in the same boardwalk area.  I forget the names of the restaurants though. The dueling piano bar musicians were awesome and played everything from old time tunes to '80s hit to Lady Gaga, country, even "What Does The Fox Say".   They were AMAZING!  So talented and so fun! You have to go there!!!
Had a fantastic time here. It was well worth the $10 cover. Very entertaining, funny and lively performers. We had so much fun here!! Would highly recommend.
Digging this place when I'm already tipsy
This was our second time at Howl at the Moon (one for each vacation to the Destin area) and we had another great time!  The musicians are witty, entertaining, talented, and always surprise us with the songs they know, both old and new. The "Word of the Day" and "High Roller" paid messages are funny, but get a little old since it seems most everyone there is on vacation from somewhere else and paying money to say "Go Hogs" and "Which bowl game did Texas play in last year?" and "Who Dat?"  But whatever, it's a lot of fun.  I enjoyed the remake of a Justin Bieber music video, and their rendition of "Tomorrow" from Annie complete with a Daddy Warbucks plucked from the audience. I highly recommend Howl at the Moon if you're visiting the area and want to have a fun late-night outing, if you've never been to a dueling piano bar, or both.
So visiting Florida, the boyfriend suggested we experience The Howling Moon because he knows how much I love my home town's Dueling Piano Bar "The Shout House." I can honestly say I wasn't disappointed! The pianists were great, really funny... just how I like them. Never heard a better "Come Sail Away, Eric Cartman Version" in my life! It was pretty busy for a weeknight too, everyone really got into all the acts. Loved the "Word of the Day" and "High Roller" bidding wars. We had a bunch of diehard southern college football fans battling for their school with the words. That's not really a California thing so it was neat to see! Great bucket type drinks too, fabulous idea!
This place is really cute. The inside is a little dated and the people who work there all look like they're from the Jersey shore, but it's still one of the best tourist trap type of bars in the area. The Dueling Piano bar was really cool and both players were quite proficient. The alcohol was really reasonable and the crowd was great. I would totes go again
Great place! We thought getting there at 8 it would be pretty slow but it was already a full house and I could see why! The guys on the stage are great! They played excellent requests, involved the guests and were very entertaining. The drinks were well balanced and servers we helpful and friendly. Can't wait to go back! We might try out the comedy show on Sundays!
This place is really nice inside with a great selection at the bar however the cover is $10 which is way to much for absolutely no variety in entertainment. It was totally geared toward one type of crowd. Most of the people and entertainment catered to country loving southerners which is not really ideal for this area when there are so many tourists and military personnel that would contribute to their profits.
This bar is an absolute dive, but it's my kind of dive. The performers (like five guys sitting down at whichever instrument they feel like and playing a song together) were drunk off their butts and required lots of crowd participation. Drink prices are reasonable and they keep 'em coming. Crowd is drunk but not belligerent. Waitresses are attractive. Doorguys are friendly and helpful. And, for the touristy-types, they have awesome crap you can buy. The cover charge also gets you into the Swamp and some other place I can't remember the name of, so you can bar hop if you want to.
I know its a chain but we always have a great time here. It can get crowded but we always try and go at off times. If its not too busy you get better music choices and faster drink service. Drinks are reasonable and the piano players are great!
They fired my favorite performer.  Management is no good.  I will not be going back and neither will many people I know.
Good music, good times, and a fun location.
Used to go to the LA Howl and it was my favorite spot.  This one was pretty good - maybe I just hadnt had enough to drink to really appreciate it :) (it is that kind of place).  Drinks were cheap and service was awesome.  We were getting drinks from the bar but were asked multiple times about cocktail service.  This is a really entertaining night out and I'm sure we'll go back!
Went to see the piano show while visiting from California, and we all had a great time. Loved the atmosphere, the show and the beers!
This place is just awesome. We stayed her for about 2 hrs and enjoyed the live music. The bartenders are warm and not pushy. They even played my music that I requested... Just great place, it is a must visit!..
Been to Howl at Moons before. Was really disappointed by service and lack of musical knowledge by dueling pianists. Was a let down.
My girlfriends and I visited this bar on our recent trip to Fort Walton, we had the best time ever! So much fun its the only bar we went to the whole trip! What a great place! The music was great and the musicians were so funny! The service was super and the drinks were very reasonable. The "Word of the Day" and "High Roller" paid messages are very entertaining! $10 per person cover charge after 8pm so we got there early (glad we did because sitting by the stage is a must!) They take reservations but call early. We had a blast! From now on we will be known as "the six pack" at Howl at the Moon =) I highly recommend Howl at the Moon if you're visiting the area
this is a great piano bar if you're with a group of friends looking to celebrate something or just all get trashed. fun place.
