I give this place an A+ The bartenders and wait staff were reall cool and nice Drinks were good and ladies drink for free on Thursday nights :) Crowd was a mixture of locals and tourist (like me) Overall two thumbs up and I reccomend it to anyone. Didn't eat there so not sure about the food
My favorite meal here is the tuna steak with the 18 cent bean soup and asparagus.  The dark bread is awesome. The nachos, while impressive, aren't worth the while.  They are probably the only disappointment we've had there. Out of everything we've ever tried there, the nachos were the only thing we didn't love. I don't drink, but others in my usual party do and they like the beer selection.   We keep coming back because the food is good and the service is great.  It's a must stop on vacation every year.  It can get pricey, we had 4 people and it was $120 before tip, but it's good quality grub!
A quote from Emily's review below: "Its not often you find any thing for under $1 these days no less a  tasty bowl of senate bean soup for $0.18! " This is very true! And the soup was very tasty too :) My boyfriend and I could have split one thing, the portion sizes were HUGE! I think we had 2 nights of leftovers after that visit! I recommend trying the Beer Sampler. They give you 5 or 6 small beers on tap. Each one has it's own unique flavor, and if my memory serves me right, they make some if not all on location themselves :) During the summer be prepared to Wait Forever... but while you are waiting, the gift shop is a cool place. There they had fun Irish items, purchasable alcohols, and a refillable on-site root beer keg! The only reason I didn't give it 5-stars was because the first night we would have had to wait 1 hour in the pouring rain, so we had to come back another night and wait only 30 minutes... and secondly, it was too loud for my preference, and not the cleanest looking place I've ever been too. If you're visiting Destin, definitely give this place a try though! You won't be disappointed :)
I love this place. And there's not many bars that impress me either.  It had a great ambiance to it and I went on a thursday night.  Live music playing, bill hanging all over the place with an occasional bras to mark how crazy that night went I ordered the ol fashioned ale (i think that's what was called) and it was pretty darn tasty that I couldn't order any other one. that bread that everyone was talking about is super delicious. When I first saw it I thought it looked gross and thought it certainly would taste nasty but it was gooooood:) like one yelper said, literally stick a knife in it and eat it like a popsicle! and whaaatttt?!?!?!? That senate bean soup (for 18 cents let me remind you) is off the chain!!! It was so good. It's thick like a stew duh. Who wants beans in a watery brothy liquid. Idiots. Might as well go to el pollo loco and order a side beans if that gets you going I had fun there. Definitely going back while my husband is stationed in eglin afb.
This rating is based on my meal of a Black and Blue Burger, senate bean soup, and a Stout beer.   As we walked into the place it was pretty busy, but we ended up only having to wait about 15 minutes, which was good.  It has a very nice atmosphere with the dollar bills and decor.   The food was great.  GET THE SENATE BEAN SOUP!  Seriously!  It's $0.18(she didn't even charge us actually), and it is really good.  I wish I could have gotten more to take home.  The black and blue burger was huge.  I ate half.  the beef was very tasty in itself.  You can tell they use quality stuff.  The bread/butter they give you to start was also very good.  I was impressed.   The Stout I had turned out to be good too.  There are other beers I would choose to drink over it, but it had a good flavor.  It was also very drinkable, which was nice with how big the burger was.  A friend of mine had the Irish Wake, which I tried.  It was good.  I'm not sure how much alcohol it had in it, but I suspect a lot.   The service was good, too.  She was attentive, and seemed like she knew what she was doing.  She seemed a little rushed, but it was a busy night, so probably not her fault.   Overall, I enjoyed my experience.  I'll go back when I'm in Destin.
Absolutely incredible atmosphere with an incredible history! Over 1.5 million dollars in one dollar bills hanging as a tradition of visitors stopping through. Our waitress was very very nice and memorized our orders. I ordered the Reuben and a bowl of 18 cent soup that was the most incredible 18 cent soup EVER. The Reuben and fries were made fresh and I needed a box for the food. For drinks I had an 'Irish Wake' just packed with delicious blue liquor that got me in the zone! Prices were great and if you like Prime Rib remember to take a whiff of the smokehouse out front that smokes meat daily for over 20 hours. Highly recommended for service and quality.
2 years later and we're back again! This year we stayed in PCB but still made the drive to McGuires and it was well worth it. This year I went with the ribeye and the wife had the fillet. As much as we love a great burger, and McGuires has them, we'll be forever spoiled by the steaks here. (Actually had a steak in PCB 2 nights later for around the same price and was kicking myself for not making the drive back here for a REAL steak!) If your looking on Yelp for a great place to eat do yourself a favor and stop in, that's how we found it and we are so glad we did. Seems like all we do when on vacation is try to find a decent place to eat and are usually disappointed but not here. Great food, beer, and atmosphere. Can't wait to come back!
Always crowded but usually worth a wait. Ribs are great . Service quite variable . Especially good for a group.
What a unique place, with dollar bill covered rafters and Irish music. My steak was perfect and my wife's signature dish "Irish steak and mushroom pie" was wonderful! If you're looking for something that is charming, different, with excellent food, this is the place! Btw, the Reuben eggrolls are a GREAT appetizer! And the Senate Soup is delicious as well.
McGuire's is definitely an experience to be had if you are in Destin. Do not discount the fact this is a pub. The food is good, as well as the service. I was not overly impressed with the Irish Red beer I ordered, but I should have ordered the Stout, as I heard that is one of the best beers they brew. Also, the Irish Wake is apparently the drink of choice for many patrons. The only bad part about our experience was the smell. For some reason there was a smell that stayed in the restaurant the entire time we were there. Not sure exactly what it was, but it was not overly pleasant. All in all, I would definitely go again. Oh, and I ordered the reuben. Great sandwich!
Just ate at McGuires and absolutely loved all of the food. The Ribeye was perfect and the prime rib was delicious. Even our children's food from the kids menu was top  notch. The kids Mac n Cheese was out of this world, my 2 year old loved every bite. If you are looking for great food and cool atmosphere make a stop at McGuires.
Best Irish Pub! The atmosphere is great, the service was excellent, and the food was amazing. The bean soup was delicious, the potato skins were fully loaded, and burgers come with all the fixins. We can't wait to go back!
Delicious!  Ordered ribeye and it was great. Prime beef. Also ordered hamburgers which were cooked perfectly. The bread that they start you off with is dropping in honey. Wow. Can't wait to come back.
A great place. You quickly feel at home and part of the group. The food is excellent. We stuck close to the Irish menu items. The beer is excellent, brewed on site.
This was our favorite place we ate on vacation. The atmosphere and the food was fabulous. Will visit again on our next trip!  Recommend the pork chops and the spinach artichoke dip.
This place it just too cool. They brew their own beer and you can order a sample to try them all out. I liked the Irish Red and the Porter best. Food is good, particularly the Irish pub staples. They also sell bean soup, which is delicious and costs just 18 cents, making it probably the best food value at any restaurant in America, way better than the McDonalds 99 cent menu or the Taco Bell value menu. Go for Bruch and you can get a bottomless champagne glass for around 7 dollars, which can't be beat, either. Our server was Lenny, who was one of the coolest waiters I've ever met. I hope to be back both in Destin and at McGuire's. I can 't even begin to picture the crowd on St. Pat's, though.
Usually would have given it 5 stars but the server we had wasn't very good this time. He forgot our stuff and made a lot of inappropriate comments. Food was great atmosphere was nice as usual. Busy busy busy but McGuires always is. Bathrooms are small and were a bit messy.
Buy bottle of good wine in wine shop, take it to ur table, order the ribeye, great meal! Done this 3 times in the last 3 mos. perfectly executed each time. PACKED in the summer but for good reason and the service is first rate.
I didn't actually get to eat here. But we sat outside and had a drink. It was very pleasant.
This place was such a cool experience. My friends were getting married on the beach, and this is where we went to celebrate the night before. I've never seen a restaurant with so much equity literally on its walls. The burger I ordered was ginormous and I definitely could not finish it all. It was good leftovers for later. I don't know much about Irish food, so I can't really say how Irish the food was. Just seemed like a bunch of burgers and steak to me. I had two Irish Wakes, and those were delicious! It is a blue drink, but ended up tasted like oranges a little bit.  They serve the drink in a cool mason jar, and you get to keep it as a souvenir. Sooo tasty, only if I knew what was in it! :)
McGuire's is a must every trip to Destin.  They offer a good menu, fair priced, and good times. However, note that the menu has very little authentic Irish flare.  The owners and crew have more Irish and what will be on the plate.  Oh wait - they do serve potato's many different ways- that IS an Irish tradition.... Known for the burger that barely fit on the plate and perfect steaks, I've not been disappointed.  They have a very unique set up and lively atmosphere.  I would recommend going at night vs. during the day - things ARE different. I do not drink so I wouldn't know if the beer is good - but they do brew it right on site.  If not - they have the usual run down of domestic. Down side is a gigantic building they've thrown up that blocks the beach and most of the sun.
Another Locals Favorite! I have been going here for a while and the food is wonderful. You really cant go wrong at McGuire's! I have head many things on the menu but the favorite thing is the shepherds pie! I love it but it is only available on Mondays as they go by days on some items. Also you have to get a cup of the 18 cent bean soup wonderful. I will always come here no mater what!
My husband and I ate here the other night and had an amazing dinner. Thank you to our waitress, Ali, for her amazing recommendations. The atmosphere is awesome, the wait staff seems to enjoy their work and were very smiley and quick to help, AND they are a microbrewery that honestly brews pretty good beer that doesn't have an overly "hoppy" taste as in most microbreweries. I had the Senate Soup, New York strip, mashed potatoes and the Raspberry ale. My husband decided on the garden salad, prime rib and mashed potatoes. We both tried the Irish Boxtys as an appetizer, which are garlic mashed potato balls rolled in bread crumbs and deep fried. They sounded weird, but our waitress insisted they are delicious and to try them. Actually, they were still weird but VERY tasty. The soup was very good, and I usually hate bean soup but since it was their "signature", I decided to try it. The potatoes were mediocre, but homemade, and my husbands salad was very good; extremely fresh, nothing tasted like it came from a bag. What made the whole night, though, were the steaks. The NY strip was served on a sizzling cast iron skillet with a half tomato that had some sort of cheese on it. Whatever it was, it was delicious. It was cooked PERFECTLY and had a very nice sear on the outside. The seasoning was amazing, and it was a very prime cut of beef. Tender throughout and minimal fat. Honestly, the best steak I have ever had. My husband's prime rib was tender it literally melted in your mouth and it was HUGE. These are big cuts they serve you, and they don't skimp on quality. Absolutely a great meal. We paid about $70 for two people to eat here, including 2 beers and a beer sampler (try it... it's about $4 and you get to test all the microbrews they offer!). It was completely worth it and we definitely will be eating there again. Highly recommend it.
Bottom line: interesting atmosphere, probably a fun place to drink, but expensive and overrated. McGuire's is prolific in the Panhandle area, and having lived near it most of my life I knew I needed to experience it at some point. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a disappointment. I came here with friends early in the evening (around 5 PM) for a late lunch / early dinner. I had eaten lunch earlier in the day, so I was only hungry for something small. I should also mention I'm a vegetarian and I don't eat seafood. None of their entrees were meat- or seafood-free. Only a couple of the appetizers seemed like possible options. Most everything on the menu is $15 or higher, which is outrageous for pub food, so I settled on sharing spinach artichoke dip with one of my friends. To be fair, their portions are big enough to share, but that's not good when everyone wants something different. A customer sitting behind me told me about their steamed vegetable plate ($9.99), which I decided to order. My vegetable plate was definitely not worth the price. There was a small amount of steamed veggies around half of a head of cabbage. After I started eating the cabbage I noticed a strong flavor that I believe was meat broth. Our waiter asked the kitchen staff and told me it was just onion broth, but I still think it tasted meaty. I ended eating less than half of my $10 vegetable plate. And my friend's spinach artichoke dip? Lumpy, lukewarm, and way too cheesy. While the atmosphere is unique, it didn't make up for the terrible, overpriced food. Come here if you want to drink at an Irish Pub, but save the eating for a better restaurant.
I am with a previous reviewer who stated that they have lived in this area for years and still aren't a fan of McGuire's.  The only times I've been have been because I've gone with others who happen to like the place.  Even though the atmosphere is fun, the food just really does not turn me on.
This was our 1st time here & had heard good things. Food was good! Big portions. I had mushroom/swiss burger, she had rueben. Both were hot served with joey fries that were good too! Waiter was good, kept our drinks full. Good service. We will definitely go back. Only negative was it was kinda dark. hard time reading menu. not a fan of all the junk on ceiling but we'll go back.
I grew up in Destin, and I think that McGuire's is overrated. When I started dating my husband, he told me that the only restaurant he'd been to in Destin was McGuire's...I've since changed that. Their burgers are good, but I don't really drink (so maybe that's why it loses it's appeal to me), so to me, there are much better places to go in Destin for a good burger.
Awesome! The Molly's cut filet was as fantastic. The family really enjoyed the atmosphere and humor. Remember! Read the bathroom doors before you enter. :-)
McGuires is about the best possibly combination of a touristy theme restaurant, and a neighborhood bar with a bit of an attitude and odd sense of humor.  I've eaten at Having eaten at both McGuires and Vinnie McGuires, the pizza place next door, I can say, that while Vinnie's has a much more restaurant-like atmosphere, both have great staff and are great dining experiences. The burgers at McGuire's are amazing.  Definitely in the top 5 I've ever had from a restaurant like this.  They aren't horribly expensive, either.  They're completely customizable and cooked to order, as well. Great, friendly staff, and it's a great place to grab lunch or dinner.
There are a lot of people that complain about tourists.....GET OVER IT! It's Destin! I personally like the one in Pensacola. As for people that just moved here and write bad reviews and complain about 98, guess what your not a local so shut up! For everyone else If you want to have a good meal or get some drinks try it.
All around amazing food! We got the freshly brewed root beer, the Rueben egg rolls were out of this world, I got the shrimp scampi Alfredo, then my husband got the prime rib cooked medium rare which was beautifully done then to top off a goodnight and a wedding gift our waitress(Avery)gave us a brownie Sunday on the house which was really good too! We're on our honeymoon so my husband is dying to go back already!
Let's just say I would come to Destin just to hangout at McGuire's. This place is Great. The atmosphere of an authentic pub, the million dollar bills stapled to the walls and ceiling, the in-house crafted beer (porter,my favorite), the HUGE portions of delicious food, the music....I could go on and on. I Love this Place, I've never had less than a great experience here. I love bringing people here because unless you've experienced it words can't do it justice.
The biggest cheeseburger I have EVER had!!! Thank goodness I split it with my cousin. We went to McGuire's on lady's night (aka women drink free till close) AMAZING!!! It sounds to good to be true but I promise it is NOT a lie!!!! All you need is your ID and the fact that you are female!!! There was a live band that was pretty good! And the service was not bad at all! Over all, I had a great night with my family. We did add to the millions of dollars everywhere!!!! Mine is the one that says UNT!!!!! LOL Good luck finding it because there are dollar bills EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!!!
THIS PLACE WAS PACKED ON ST. PAT'S DAY. So . . . we waited till later in the week.  Food was good but expensive.  Prices were very high at the gift shop.  I would go back.
Very cool atmosphere but not your typical Irish pub. They are more of a steakhouse with a Irish pub theme. I didn't try their beer but they brew their own in house. I had one of their 20 something varieties of burgers.....3/4 of a pound....didn't finish it because I was about to bust! Also had the .18 cent soup....def the best deal in town! My wife had the onion soup and the chicken Caesar salad which she said was bangin! Overall a quality experience!
Had the special, meatloaf, mashwd potatoes and green beans. $6.99. The Senate Bean soup is the bomb, for just $0.18 more. Washed it  all down with the home brewed root beer. 5 Yums. My wife had the Reuben, portion was huge and very delicious. The homemade fries are a nice touch and seasoned just right.
Great place for the whole family! We ate at McGuires twice during our stay in Destin. The first night we ordered nachos. They were massive, enough for 6 to 10 people, and quite tasty. We followed with the Senate bean soup which is comfort in a bowl. My mom and I split a Rueben. It was amazing...the bread was nice and toasty and the corned beef was so tender. My husband enjoyed his patty melt. We rounded out the meal with the "Wake", a nice fruity drink in a souvenir cup. The meal was reasonably priced too. The second trip we got food to go. We started with the boxtys. You can't go wrong with these fried mashed potatoes.  We couldn't help but order the Rueben again and a filet. The steak was so tender and well seasoned.  All the meals were huge portions so small eaters can split the plates and still be full. We always visit when we come to Destin and will return.
I gave it five stars because of the overall experience. Their nachos, it is absolutely amazing. I promise you will remember their nachos for the rest of your life. Their burgers are also very good. Very meaty and hearty. Many burgers to choose from. McGuire's burgers and nachos WILL NOT disappoint you! Service is also good! The restaurant has a good vibe. Must try, if you haven't tried then you haven't lived!
When my husband took me there for the first time I was mad at him cause I wanted some sea food (it was my first visit to Florida during spring break and before moving here). I found steamed fish on the menu and ordered it and my mood totally changed. Fried calamari was awesome as well. I wasn't very impressed with the Irish Boxtys but to me that's just a minor thing, doesn't change my love for this place. Second time I had their steak, yum. Yes this place seems pricey but the amount of good food they give you explains it.
My wife is has to eat Glutin free food. Mc Guires says they have a glutin menu. The staff is not tought on food preparation. My wife is sick in the motel room. And we are suppose to be on vaction. Celic people do not eat here.
Fun place. The food was very well done and the service was good. The senate soup is great and it's pretty cool that it's only 18 cents. There are many more things on the menu that I would like to try. It's more than a restaurant.... It's a very impressive massive operation.
This place was amazing. Good beer, amazing food and awesome atmosphere. You have to try the Reuben Egg rolls, you won't be sorry.
everyone always suggests McGuires as a great place to go for dinner and I've been multiple times and lived here for years and I'm STILL not a fan. The service is always good and the atmosphere is fun and loud. Ladies night and Mug Club can be fun but LOUD which is expected and they're definitely a good deal.
For a while there, I was really starting to warm up to McGuire's.  I really was.  Since moving here a month ago, I've been here four times, just about every week you could say.  And overall the experiences have been great.  The place stopped smelling so awful and the staff are always friendly.  I LOVE their burgers.  Especially the Brewmaster one with a huge chunk of liverwurst.  YUM.  LIVERWURST.  It's like spam.  I LOVE spam. Today started off great.  I was in a good mood despite having a super stressful week and came here to unwind after a long day.  Got in around 7:30pm and our waiter, think his name is Nick, said that they were having happy hours.  He checked the time and yup, they have happy hours, half off well drinks and beer.  I double checked with him a few times and asked what time happy hour ends and he said 9pm.   Since taking an oath of sobriety (I know, you laugh now), I was happy with just a burger.  My friend got a beer.  Our waiter flirted with a nearby table for maybe 30 minutes while my friend waited to ask for another beer.  Finally the other table left and he got another beer.  The waiter got a number.  All was not in vain.  When the bill came, the beers were not half off as promised and I asked about it and he said he made a mistake on the happy hour times but came back and told me there's nothing that he could do.  But look, he got me extra mints. It sucked. I hate green mints. If you tell customers that something will be a certain price, you should honor it.  Especially if it's just a matter of a beer or two or a few dollars.  But he didn't and not only that, here is the most unprofessonal part of it all.  After handing me the receipts, he stood around our table, talking and watching over me as I signed the receipts.  I was so uncomfortable.  I did not want to write down a tip with him watching over my shoulder and tried to delay putting down a tip hoping he would leave.  He would not.  So finally I gave him 10%, when I really did not want to, but felt pressured with him watching me the whole time.  As soon as I wrote the amount down, he took the bill and left and I was so angry and frustrated with the whole experience.  Never have a waiter stood over my shoulder as I tipped, watching to see what he would get.  Never have I been promised a happy hour special by the waitstaff and then after it being wrong, been obligated to pay the whole price anyway. McGuire's.  You've really let me down.  And it sucks because I was starting to really like you and make you a regular place.  To be fair, the other times I've come I've had no problems with the staff and even really liked our waitress last time.  After the very unpleasant experience, I spoke to the manager and he said he'd talk to the waiter and give me a free round next time.  I don't drink anymore.  I'd rather have my happy evening back.
Very cool Irish pub! Food was amazing and drinks were strong. You will not be disappointed.
My husband and I went once before a few months back - and I really didn't have a strong opinion about it - positive or negative. Then last weekend he requested McGuire's for his birthday dinner. There were six of us - including four kids ages 16 all the way down to 1. The first thing my teen noticed was that it was very dark. We had a hard time reading menus and even observing food on our plates. It was very busy and hard to walk around. The waitress was pleasant and accommodating. I asked her if they offered anything for birthday guests and she replied yes. We ate our dinner and once we were done - I walked all the kids to the restroom. Several minutes later when we returned - my husband was sitting at the table alone and embarrassed. They came and sang Happy Birthday with us not even there! I was hot!!! When the waitress came back she said that they waited as long as they could because the whip cream was melting on the brownie. That to me took away the "specialness" of even doing it. The food was good - no complaints there. Took away stars based on the ambiance and dark lighting, large crowd, and the Happy Birthday disappointment.
We were excited to try this place but was disappointed with the service. The food was great but the waitress we had must of been in a rush to get off her shift because she kept rushing us to order and came to our table about 5 times just to see if we were ready to order. It was our first time and we wanted to check the menu out before making our decision. Once we got our food she came by another 5 times to see if we needed anything. It really killed our whole experience of this place. Once we signed the check she came right away and asked if she can have the signed credit card slip that's when we figured she was just trying to hurry us the whole dinner which really ruined our whole experience I believe our server was Bernadette.
My absolute favorite place to eat on Earth.  It doesn't get better than McGuires. We had our rehearsal dinner here 6 years ago.  I have been going to McGuires for over ten years and I have never had a bad meal.  I eat my weight in their bread. I usually get the smoked prime rib, but tonight I ordered the larger filet. It was exceptional.  I hope there is a McGuires in heaven.
Gets busy extremely quick for lunch (like right when the doors open there is a line outside). Service is a tad slow but friendly. Expect a wait. Not really a fan of rye bread but the sauce on top of it is very good. Burgers were on point (had the "Big Daddy" and really enjoyed it). Someone at our table had the Chicken Burger with gouda and bacon and said it was one of the best she has ever had. Kid's portions (3 chicken strips) are substantial (could split between 2 light eaters). Lighting is horrible but seeing a ceiling full of dollar bills is a memorable experience. Small restrooms for such a large restaurant.
I'm not usually a fan of tourist traps, but there really was nothing wrong with my experience here. Great service, great food and drink, and fun cozy atmosphere.  I'd love to go back when I'm in Destin again.
Bread is amazing. Soft warm and super good. If you order the Nacos be prepared to not be eat them all. They are huge! 2 people couldn't finish them. I had these fried potato balls and they were very good. The side of sour cream, salsa, and quamolie paired very nice with em. Service was good and timely. Gotta try the bread
Overall a pretty good place, lots of food choices.  Service was decent.  I recommend the fish and chips or the shepherd's pie.
Long wait for party of 7. Went here twice on our trip. Loved the Mahi Mahi - Irish Wake is awesome drink. Take caution when deciding which restroom to use (especially if you drink too much) Millions of dollars on the ceiling. Fun for the whole family. Just get there early if you have a large party as you will have to wait at least an hour.
The atmosphere is fun with dollar bills hanging every which way. Even though it was crazy busy our party of 6 was sat fairly quickly. Once sat we ordered the drink special which was perfect since a tropical drink is just what a beach vacation calls for. The young one got their homemade root beer which was crisp and and rich in flavor. The honey bread you get while waiting on your meal is probably the best bread I've ever had any where. It's so hard to restrict the urge to keep eating it. The 18 cent soup is very good, fully seasoned and satisfying. The shepherds pie was comforting and hearty. The Irish lamb stew was rich and full of lots of lamb and veggies. Some places skimp on the meat but not here. All entrees were more than enough and made 2 meals out of 1. Would love to try more on another visit!
A fun place I go often, but truly a tourist trap. The house brews are ok nothing spectacular but good and worth trying. If you're there in winter the seasonal is real good. 5 stars on the burgers! They are great and are huge with a very decent price. Also 5 stars on atmosphere, the only reason I gave 4 stars is because its not a real Irish pub just a mock-up.
We had dinner here last night and had a short 20 minute wait. We had drinks at the bar while we waited. As you walk in, lots and lots of dollars on the ceiling and everywhere along with Moose heads or Elk. It's a funky joint and the bar had two statues of women with beer taps on their tatas! A very busy touristy place with lots of decor on the walls throughout the restaurant. As we were seated in a booth, I could look up on the ceiling and see more dollar bills from patrons from all over. We were told by the server that there are about a million three hundred dollars to date! The menu is extensive and the dining area is dimly lit but ambience was lively. Of course, we decided on the $0.18 bean soup from all of the yelp reviews! The soup was good but the pumpernickel bread that was brought our was divine! We ordered the grilled prime rib and 14 oz. new york strip with a caesar salad and wedge salad. My husband ordered the baked potato which was freshly baked and brought with cheddar cheese, green onions and sour cream to add as much as you wanted in a condiment style container. We really did not know that they were known for their steaks! My prime rib was grilled over hickory smoke with roasted garlic, tender and delicious! My husband's new york strip was also grilled and had a black pepper and salt crust. It was a little salty due to that. I kept seeing other tables order the mushroom and steak pie which looked awesome! That might be my next order next time! We really enjoyed our visit to this mega pub! Our portions were so big that we did take half of our dinners home! If you have not been here, this is a must visit when in Destin! We will be back the next time we are in the panhandle. Very good food and ambience!! Fun place to be;:)
This is a great place to hang out with friends.  They have a Senate Bean soup for .18. That's right..less than a quarter!! The Irish Wake is a good drink to have and you also get to keep the mason jar it comes in.  The Spinach Dip and the Reuben Eggrolls are great. They serve warm pumpernickle bread with the meals as well. It gets pretty busy so come early or prepare to wait. One thing you HAVE to do is check out the restrooms. You can't go and not at least check it out. :o) Homemade Rootbeer! I almost forgot to mention that. Yummy!!
There were multiple entry points. Over one particularly solid wooden door was a Shamrock and a sign that said " Feasting, Imbibery, Debauchery". Juanita: "Is this the entrance to the pub?" Me: "God, I hope so." We came to McGuire's as we were sorely in need of alcohol after an afternoon of parasailing, jet skiing, and generally getting salty. Breezing by the hostess stand (with it's "Please Wait to be Seated" sign- ain't happening, there's beer RIGHT THERE) we dry-docked our waterlogged carcasses on bar stools and ordered an Amber for me and a Pina Colada for her. The beer is brewed in house and was fantastic. Juanita's Pina Colada was taller than her (not hard to do) and good enough she drank the whole thing (rare). We ordered the Irish Potato Skins (somewhat more traditional than Irish Nachos, but not much) and they were also fantastic. Our daughter and son-in-law joined us so we had to have a second round (we would have been poor parents not to) so I had their in- house Stout: nitrogen pressurized with a nice smoky taste worthy of it's Irish forbearers. The place is decorated with over $1 million in singles that people have signed and stapled to almost every surface. Interesting. I hope they have a kick-ass fire suppression system. Also, what stops people from walking out with pockets full of cash? If I was hammered enough I would have been able to buy a new bike, FFS. We went back for dinner the night before we left and I had the.........wait for it...........Fish and Chips!  It came served on Newsprint. I had a Pint. Juanita had some healthy goddam thing. The meal came with a mini loaf of fresh pumpernickel with butter. I was fully impressed and sated. Side notes: Celtic music on permanent play. Read the signs on the restroom doors VERY CAREFULLY. I figured something was wrong when I saw there was nothing but stalls...
Definitely worth the long wait times.  The food is awesome, their beers are top notch and great atmosphere.  Not a huge fan of red beer, but McGuire's Irish Red is very very good.  We've been coming here for years and I had never tried the 18 cent bean soup.  I ordered it this time around and have to say it is really good even though I didn't think I would like it.   A must when visiting Destin!
The inside is amazing  but I got a pizza burger  it wasn't all that. The fries are tasty.
Let's be honest..McGuires is as review proof as another shitty Adam Sandler Movie...just as all his movies make a 100 Million no matter how bad they are, this place is crowded every hour they are open no matter what a Yelp Review says about the joint...as you can tell by the number of reviews out there about  McGuires, it's popular and I can't add anything new to what's already been said numerous times...main reason I am adding my own two cents is out of respect for the place..unlike a lot of places in Destin that don't even try to put out a good product because they know they are going to be crowded with unsuspecting tourists(looking at you AJ'S.. Dewey Destin..any place at Emerald Grande..etc)..McGuires puts out some really good food in large portions at a reasonable price...and as any local will tell you there are not a lot of places in Destin you can say that about in a restaurant town that has a deserved reputation as "underwhelming and overcharging"..some of my favorite Entree food items are the steaks..ribs...burgers in numerous varieties...sandwiches..fish and chips..etc..for appetizers I highly recommend The Boxtys(Fried Mashed Potato Balls) and The Reuben Egg Rolls(basically a reuben sandwich in an egg roll)...and no visit to McGuires is complete without an order of their 18 Cent Senate Bean Soup with a huge hunk of their honey dark bread to dip into it...hits the spot on a cold winter day...Mcguires also brews several varieties of their own beer and root beer which are all just ok but I appreciate the fact they do it...is Mcguires gourmet cuisine?..NO..but it's  good food priced fairly..it's a great place to take the family when in town because it's fun..has all the dollar bills everywhere and serves something that is not strictly seafood!..because as anyone that visits Destin will tell ya by the third day if you see one more menu with Appetizers of Oysters..Tuna Dip..and Gumbo...and Entrees of Fish..Shrimp..or Oysters that can be grilled..blackened..or fried you just want to scream at your server..this place will help you avoid that scenario...locals avoid this place in The Summer because of standard 2 to 3 hour waits which is pretty amazing considering how big the place is(a tourist once got lost for 3 days inside); but it's a must visit if your from out of town on vacation just to say you went.... so just have some drinks on the deck and enjoy the view of the Gulf as you spend the night waiting for that buzzer to go off and just think to yourself  that it could be worse; you could be back at the condo watching a Grown Ups 2 DVD eating Dominos!!
The best restaurant in Destin. Yes, it's a little cliche but the fact is the food is to die for. The prime rib is one of the best I have ever tasted. The upstairs bar is always popping with entertainment including live music and a dance floor. The Irish wake is the famous drink that will knock your socks off. I wouldn't have more than 2. The bean soup is great also I would get it because it's only .18 cents. They also have the best steaks in town as far as the price goes. If you haven't been there you haven't experienced what the city really has to offer.
The Wild Fruit ROCKS!  The beer is excellent!  Irish Porter!  Can't make it a 5, because I did not eat.
We were skeptical about ordering steaks at an Irish pub, but we were told the steaks were amazing. We ordered the ribeyes and they were hands down the best steaks we had EVER had! We got the bean soup too and it was delish. Our waitress Bernadette was knowledgeable about the menu and great with our 2 little ones! Will definitely be on our list when we get back to Destin!!
A 100% Irish experience in the middle of West Florida. I went with my girlfriend. We paid $40 and the amount of food was incredible big. I select a kind of seafood soup and it was excellent. My girlfriend tried a burger, and I certified the meat was delicious. Do not forget to try Irish Wake, you will have fun with it! Summary, perfect quatity/quality/price ratio. Nice for celebrations with friends.
Never a disappointment.  It's been 12 years since I last went... In Pensacola, And always remembered their steaks and the smoked prime rib.  The $0.18 bean soup was great too.  I just don't remember a long wait in Pensacola.
The food was amazing! Too bad you cannot get it to go though! The atmosphere was dingy due to the millions of dollars hanging from the ceiling... The bar tenders and waitresses were up tight... Free pop corn was a perk when waiting for 1 hour and 1/2.... And to end our experience there was a mystery white substance on the handrails that got all over our hands! Chif-fil-a may be a better choice after all!
My SO and I stopped here before making the drive back to NOLA from Destin.  She LOVES this place, so of course I had to try it!.  We started off with the Irish Boxtys as an appetizer.  Boxtys are balls of fried mashed potato covered in bread crumbs, and I think these had a wee bit of cheese in them.  They were served with salsa, horseradish cream, and some other sauce we couldn't figure out for dipping.  And they were awesome.  Who doesn't love mashed potatoes?!  Let alone fried mashed potatoes?! My SO ordered the chicken supreme sandwich (has ham and swiss on french bread) and Irish fries.  The sandwich was ok, but the fries were awesome. I ordered... the garbage burger...  The menu describes the garbage burger as follows: "McGUIRE'S TERRIBLE GARBAGE BURGER....Some of everything - it's absolutely disgusting." Well, at only 1$ more than the other burger, i figured what the hell?  I didn't know what I was getting myself into.  The burger came with two extra plates because they know you won't eat everything on it.  So yeah.  Mine came with (from bottom up): bun, burger, chili, liverwurst, sauerkraut, pineapple, wasabi, mushrooms, grilled onions, jalapenos, bacon, salami, olives, 3 cheeses, tomato, raw onions, pickles, lettuce, ice cream (vanilla), hot fudge, and a cherry.  Yeah..... I deconstructed it, and created a burger with only the things I wanted.  Then enjoyed the ice cream for dessert!  It turned out to be a pretty good deal at $11.  So I think it worked out. Our waiter was very prompt, friendly, and funny.  The atmosphere is a little dark, and the place is definitely gimmicky, but it works for them.
We have been here twice the first time we loved it my husband ordered a burger and I had the pasta with chicken and mushrooms.  Both were great!  This go round we didn't have that kind of luck.  He ordered the same burger and I got the ribeye.  I was so excited because I had heard they were really good.  Sadly I can't say that mine tasted as if the grill needed to be cleaned it had a lot if the black hard stuff on it and my husband burger tasted like lighter fluid and also had the dirty grill extras on it.  My son and I both got sick afterwards and the only thing we had the same was the tea... Not sure if that is what caused our sickness but we were fine when we got there.  Not so sure we will be back next year.
Ah, McGuires...you never fail. Fun, friendly atmosphere, the drinks flow like wine, and they tolerate and easily accommodate your big, annoying, and needy groups ("can I have lemon in my water?"). They're shucking food out of that kitchen at about 30 ppm (plates per minute) so don't expect meticulous plating or amazing food...which is why I won't get mad that my (wild!) cedar planked salmon had entirely too much flavoring salt on it and was overcooked. Go here to have some fun and eat and drink - that's it. Oh, and if you've never been you probably need to start your evening with an Irish Wake.
Overall, very friendly! The ribeye at medium rare is great, although a bit on the salty side.  Dont get the mushroom/steak pie...it was basically gravy with bread on top.  Too rich tasting.  Service is great and friendly, overall, fun atmosphere!
I really love McGuire's - we've been here many, many times and I love the fact that, as long as the server is good, it's a consistently awesome experience. Bonus - this time around we sat around the corner from the restrooms so we got to see, all meal long, people wandering into the wrong doors. ;) Hey, I'm easily amused. McGuire's is VERY generous with portions - so, my suggestion is to go with a big appetite or split something with a friend. (or spouse, or child) I've learned my lesson a few times ago - this time (for the first time!), I ordered the Bean Soup. Holy yummy! I'm not normally a big fan of bean soup but this soup was out of this world. Not super thick and lots of flavor depth. I got a wedge salad (loaded with blue cheese!) and the reuben egg rolls (seriously, one of the best things they have!). EVERYONE, in our party of 9, enjoyed their meals. Another thing - McGuire's is fantastic for large groups/parties. Get to McGuire's and party like an Irish woman...or man. :)
Second time that we have been here and was even better than the first.  Steak was cooked perfectly and beer was cold and delicious. Parking can be tricky, but it is worth it. Can't wait to go back.
I am drunk right now. It's an awesome place. The music was good . We had Irish wake, jäger mister and tequila. Important thing: we forgot to take our free Irish wake souvenir that is glasses. We don't have a designated driver who is willing to drive us there and his name is Santosh, and so we won't get our glasses back. But we have a hope we will get it tomorrow morning when the sun is shining bright and the Irish pub is open. I enjoyed the service of my waitress: heather. Long live. God bless ! Peace out. A pimp guy in the parking lot was willing to sell us two girls for us three boys. But we strongly declined. Hope the ladies are safe. Long live Destin!
Disappointed in the food. My mom had the ribs which came out ice cold the first time and then the second time they were chewy like they had been in the microwave for way too long. The lobster tails tasted great, but they came fully in their shells and were near impossible to get out because they were HOT and oily. When I asked the waiter to have the chef remove for me, he looked at me like I had 2 heads and said he couldn't so that. Really? I don't like working to eat my food. My dad had the Ribeye. Which was okay, if you like 1 pound of salt on your steak. Overall, disappointed. We had been there before and higher expectations based on previous visits. But this time was an over priced and generally disappointing meal.
Do I want to write this review?  No.   Do I want more people to show up to what used to be a little bit of a hidden gem? Do I like having a wait on a random Wednesday in August?  No.   Do I love the food?  Yes. Do I feel it is one of the best values in Destin? Yep. Do I order too much, eat too much and have lunch for 2 days after? You know it!
Excellent restaurant in Destin which has a lot of less than stellar tourist traps.  This place might be kind of a tourist trap as there's always a crowd, but it really delivers when it comes to service and food quality.  The prices aren't bad at all for the amount and quality of food.  We mostly wound up getting various burgers and a couple of appetizers and everything was exceptional!  Loved it!
You must check this place out if you are around the area.  I highly recommend coming early as it not only gets busy, but extremely difficult to find parking. This is as close as I will ever get to seeing $1.4 million in cash.   There are one dollar bills lining the walls and ceiling of this establishment.  Unbelievable....... They have a great selection of beer and food items.  See my pics.   Btw the leprechaun fooled me.  I had to do a double take of the bathroom doors.  Almost went into the ladies room.   Note:  Thursday nights are ladies nights.
It may be that every time we have eaten here we are very hungry from playing on the beach all day, but I have never had anything here that wasn't great.  Love the food, apps, and drinks.  They serve my favorite filet in the country.  Aged tender beef, seasoned, and served on a pat of real butter with fresh garlic so it is melted when it hits the table.   Known for gourmet burgers which are good.  They have more toppings for a burger than any place I have been.  Some good, some bad, some just crazy.   Rings, blue cheese chips, and the other apps are great too.   Atmosphere is great.  Kids have fun sticking dollars to the wall and kissing the moose.  Read the bathroom signs carefully:)!
No free refills on the Root Beer! Going with teenagers and being slammed with 1.25 every time you refill. Warn some body will ya! Food was good. Service was good. It's dimly lit...take your glass to read the menu...lol!
Super fun place that has so many dolla dolla bills hanging over every inch of the place.  We sat at the bar, and I ordered some fun local beer, which I forget the name.  My friends had the specialty drink that was green and served in a take home "jar".  We asked about a pool table, because this seemed like a place that would have one, only to get told no.  Apparently this place is known for their food and for being able to seat like 700 people, or some stuff.  Still, good times.
Free popcorn at the bar.  Just stopped in for a drink this time, but have been to both locations for dinner before (Pensacola and Destin).  Food is always good, drinks are good - service is alright.
This place is giant, but there's still a really excellent local crowd. The live music was excellent (we saw a band that played what you'd get if you mixed Country and Celtic), my shepherd's pie was absolutely perfect, there were good buybacks and our waitress was quick. Plenty of space to do the meet market thing, but it's not up in your face if it's not what you came for. They tout themselves as a quintessential NY-Irish bar, but it's actually a little too nice and big for that. The food is spot-on, though.
Loads of dollar bills cover the walls.. It's a tourist haunt, dimly lite, a bit of a musty smell.. But the food is mmmm mmmm good! Portions are huge! The ribeye was one of the best I have every eaten!  The ceasar salad was also huge! I don't think small portions is even something they offer!  I also had ten opportunity to enjoy a bacon cheddar burger which was also amazing!  Service was attentive ! Atmosphere gives you something to look at!  Once you visit once, you will be back and will have great stories to share!
This place treats locals like crap.  Avoid unless you're a tourist and don't care.  They don't allow you to go a few minutes early and ask for a table for your party, even if it's 4-5 people.  They make you wait until your entire party is there before they will seat you.  I have had a few issues with management there, they simply don't care about customer service.  No interest at all in making the customer happy.
Definitely an awesome tourist place! There are million of dollar bills everywhere!! I swear I seen this place on the travel channel before. Coming around 12 at night - there's a different late night menu. We started off the with Irish Boxty's which was okay? My friend ordered it but I didn't really know what it was, nor was it that great. The fried pickles on the other hand though! So crispy, and even though they are fried it still tasted sour. I loved it with their jalapeño ranch! And then for our main entree we got the ribeye steak, perfect medium rare, & godddd, it was one damn good steak. The Irish steak sauce or whatever they had on the table was perfect with it. Food was good for all that we tried, and the service was decent. I wasn't into getting any of the drinks.. Was more interested in the food. Good thing there wasn't a wait for tables or a long wait for the food either bc I heard there usually was. (Prob because we came super late). But I would def come back here for their steak!
I'm in love with this place.  I had the garbage burger the last time I was there.  AWESOME!  I didn't eat the whole thing, but took the good parts and made a pretty good burger myself.  Gave the rest to a friend with a puppy.  I've been here many times, and every time the service is great, the food is spectacular, and the price is unbeatable.  It's an adventure every time I go.  I love it!
Love the food and the atmosphere. This place has a little bit of everything and some of the best beer in do. The million dollars in ones is so awesome and the food is the best. No matter what u get
We went to McGuire's not once but twice (just like last year) during our trip to Florida this year.  I had burgers both times.  My husband had a burger and tried their ribs.  If it means anything to you, we were in Florida over two months ago, and he's still talking about the ribs.  My burgers were awesome like always, but I was sad to learn that they only serve the French Dip sandwich during lunchtime.  Parking is still awful, so if you want to try this place out, go during lunch on a weekday - they said that their lunch crowd isn't as crazy as the dinner crowd.  Apparently the McGuire's in Pensacola has the reverse problem.
Wow... I am blown away. Best place in the world. Everything... Best beer in the world Best chicken sandwhich in the world Best bean soup in the world Best waiter ever... Best fish & chip ever.
Probably like everyone that walks into this place and uses their bathroom does, I didn't look at the overly complicated sign and I walked in on two girls discussing the finer points of some female issue I wanted no part in. Word to the wise, stick to peeing outside in the parking lot to avoid walking into the wrong room. They've got the myriad of Irish type drinks to wet your appetite and a few Irish foods as well. Very large place, easy to get drunk quick without knowing it, and with some drinks you get a complimentary cup to take home with you (just don't forget to pay the surcharge lest you run off without actually paying for the cup).
This place is fantastic!  It is well worth my 400+ mile drive to come here! As always service is great!  Maquires is one of the best things of my annual pilgrimage to Destin. It never dissapoints. The Rueben, the Nathan sandwich are marvelous . There steak is always prefect!
The pub is great, the pizza shop they just opened next door is a nightmare! Don't go there! Overpriced pizza: $15 for a small and $20 for a large 3 topping. By the way, cheese counts as a topping. Screw this place, go if you want... But be warned. You won't enjoy yourself. Just go next door to the real McGuires.
This place delivers! Above every expectation at a reasonable price for what you get. Wait staff is professional but fun. I'll be back!
We've eaten here lots of times.  Burger eaters in my family absolutely love the burgers here.  They are huge and cooked to order (even rare if you want).  The 18 cent bean soup is pretty good and their french fries are awesome.  I've enjoyed the grilled salmon caesar salad and the tuna tatake.  This restaurant brews it's own beers.  The Irish Red is my family's favorite, but you can get a tasting sample of any of their beers to decide on your own.  I personally prefer the porter.  The service is generally good here.  The only problem seems to be that it can get very loud and you have to almost shout to converse.
This is the #1 restaurant in Destin, Florida on Yelp so I HAD to give it a try. My family and I went during lunch time(First time in Destin by the way) and the reviews on Yelp did not fail me. There are so many great things about this place that made our experience an awesome one! First of all, they BREW THEIR OWN BEERS and it's ACTUALLY good. Bravo. We got the Irish Wake it's about 10 bucks, and you get to keep the mason jar as a souvenir(First and only souvenir of the trip, yes)! I can't exactly remember what it had it in, but apparently it will get you messed up because it they limit you only 3 per customer. Got the Reuben Egg Rolls to start with. It is a must! Senate bean soup also because you can't beat the price of it! $ .18! Apparently this place is known for their steaks, but if we didn't spend all our money at all the other mediocre restaurants around Destin, I definitely would have spent it all here. I went with a burger instead, because there were so many options! They are huge(3/4 IBs). There is also this one hundred dollar burger that I must try one day... Anyways, great price, great service, and overall great experience. 2 million+ worth of dollars EVERYWHERE, we had to make our own to contribute! ALSO if you ever stop by the restroom be careful... Hahaha almost ran into a girl half naked, opps. Trick a family member or friend and RECORD IT. That's what I did. (Only downside is that it looks run down or it's just the lighting that's weird. However, could use an upgrade)
As far as Irish Pubs go, this is as good as it gets here in the States.  It's not the hole-in-the-wall pub with a great jukebox that serves four-finger drinks (a reference to old McCarthy's Pub in San Luis Obispo).  That is another class of Irish Pub.  This place is a fantastic restaurant with quality spirits and great service.  We had dinner one evening and it was so good we went back to catch lunch the next day on our way out of town.  Absolutely on my list of stops the next time I find myself in the pan handle of Florida!
A little pricy but well worth it! I had the best ribeye I've ever had! Amazing bread as well
Always good. Great home brews. Love the Irish Red.
Met a great gal named Rosie on our flight to Florida and she suggested this place- glad we took her advice! The steak is AMAZING. HUGE portions- so either have a cooler to keep left overs good until you get back to a fridge or share!
Went here with my girlfriends for lunch. The waitress was very stilted-it was strange. The food was good...apparently there is a great bar upstairs. It's very dark though...not a bad thing....just exactly what you would imagine a very large irish pub in Destin, Florida to look like...overtly "pub like." I had fun!
Such a cool place! Our waitress was super helpful and tons of fun! We went with the steak at the suggestion of our waitress and let me tell you it was NOT a mistake, I have had high dollar steak houses before and these were just as good! I was disappointed they were out of the steak we wanted but we got their late, our fault not theirs. Also they have ¢.89 senate bean soup that was amazing! I really can't think of anything to complain about to be honest. We also had the signature drink the "Irish wake" it was good and you get to keep the glass but I question if it was as strong as they claim. Still fantastic!!!
When I need to celebrate something, I eat here.  When I need to thank someone with a gift, I give them gift certificates from McGuire's.  When I go out to dinner with my best friend when he visits (who works overseas, but his wife and his house is here in the local area), it is McGuire's that we choose.  I'm by nature frugal (re: cheap), but I just need an excuse to eat there.  Oh, and eating there by yourself would be creepy, so bring a friend or a date.  Been coming here for over 10 years, and will miss it when I leave.
Very unique place.  Restaurant, liquor store, bar and gift shop all rolled up in one.  We went for Sunday brunch because I had read the entrees came with beignets and Irish coffee.  We tried the eggs Benedict, with fried potatoes 9.99 and the shrimp and grits 14.99.  The meal comes with the previously mentioned beignets and Irish coffee either frozen or hot.  The frozen does not contain coffee but a healthy shot of whiskey and coffee liquor!  The food is really rich, once a year treat for breakfast.  I would go back on another visit to Destin.
We went here 3 times during our stay. Had something different each time and was not disappointed in any of it! Service was fast and good, drinks are strong, atmosphere is awesome! Food is the best I have had in a long time! Go eat there!!!
This place was AMAZING!! We were looking for some place to eat late Sunday night, that was kid friendly.  And after using Yelp's filters, we found a place that could accommodate us. The restaurant had a cool little story behind why there is $1 bills hanging everywhere.  Live music and friendly staff made the place better. We tried a few different things , the Irish boxtys were great. But the 18 cent Senate bean soup stole the show,as far as appetizers go. We also had the New York Strip steak and the garlic hotel butter gave it a really great flavor. Side note;  Other great things that are on the menu, Irish red beer, homemade root beer, and lamb stew. All items I would order again and I will definitely return again.. Kuddos and high five MCGUIRE'S IRSH PUB
My wife. daughter and I had lunch here and had a great time. The service was prompt and friendly, and the portions were extremely generous. My wife got the nacho burger, my daughter had the pizza burger, and I had the black and blue burger. All of them were great, and we would definitely eat them again. My daughter had a root beer float made with their fresh brewed root beer and loved it. The staff knows the menu and made great recommendations. The atmosphere is fun, with Irish music playing and lots of fun decor. We are definitely going to be repeat customers!
Best idea ever. EVER. 5 stars for service, price, quantity and quality of food. Hands down. Bottomless mimosas for $5.99, what? (Well, bottomless champagne. You buy the OJ separately, but we couldn't even finish the $2.50 juice so it's fine!) You can't find bottomless mimosas anywhere in ATL for that cheap... not even double that price, which is sad. We all ordered off the brunch menu (bad idea, PLEASE share... it is way too much food for everyone and in the end we ended up wasting a lot). Any brunch entree comes with an Irish Hot Chocolate (or Frozen). Yes you will be carded. You also get unlimited beignets (well I think they were unlimited. We kept asking for them). We all ordered Senate Soup which was supposed to be 18 cents but we ended up getting them for free. I suppose people don't usually order as much food and drink as we did.. Even then, my bill came out to be about $15, which is not bad at all considering I had a ton of food left over, didn't get my money's worth on bottomless mimosas, and drank only half of my hot chocolate. Some claim this to be a tourist trap, but that's because they didn't know how to order. We loved our server (I wish I can remember her name). She was so helpful and most importantly, didn't let our champagne glasses go past half empty. Thanks McGuires, I will SO be back here again. DA BEST.
This place is a long standing favorite. Prime steaks, excellent burgers, and beer brewed in house!
We loved Mcguires. My husband's only complaint was that it was a little dark for him. First of all our server was Pat and she was the best. Very knowledgable of the menu and honest in her opinions. The portions are very large so they are shareable. I had the big daddy burger with bacon, cheese and jalapeños  and it was delish. Yummy! The girls all had burgers and we should have shared. My husband had the Reuben and said it was terrific! Philly cheesesteak and French dip were good. The navy bean soup was .18 cents. Add a little sour cream.  Seriously good and a bargain. Get the fries with your burger not the chips, as no one liked them. For starters they bring you this warm brown bread with sweet butter. Popcorn upon request. The beer sampler was fun and Pat was right on with her descriptions of the 6 varieties. We walked out with 5 to go boxes and 1 soup container. We will return!
We tried out the PIZZA side of the pub by accident but it was well worth it. We had a great pizza with left overs to spare. Great service from our waitress, delicious draft beer, and we even got to staple korean won to the ceiling!! This place is awesome, I will be coming back to again and eventually make it over to the other side for the IRISH PUB side. haha
McGuire's is a legend. They're famous for their microbrews, root beer, Irish Wakes, and $0.18 Senate Bean Soup and they've amassed nearly $2M in just tips tacked on every surface within reach (which I can't imagine how, because the service here is far from stellar). Chances are, if you visit Destin, you will visit McGuires. In the peak season of March - September, you'll seldom find a table for dinner without waiting at least 45min, but that's fine, just grab a beer or Irish Wake from their extended bar/pizzeria next door, Vinny's. When you get your table, it doesn't matter what you order for your main, the appetizers and drinks are the main here. Firstly the quality of the drinks and appetizers are just that much better than the main dishes and secondly, they give you so darn much you won't even have an appetite for when your main comes. Order the Boxtys (fried mashed potato balls) or the potato skins (they have huge strips of bacon on them). My personal favorite is a double of Irish Whiskey followed by the piping hot Shepherd's Pie. It'll burn so good; it's good for the soul. After two years of living on the Emerald Coast and being a part of the Mug Club (buy a mug and you get $2 beers every Wednesday) I've tried nearly every burger and finished the garbage burger, I've had the lamb, the prime rib, the spare rib, the baby back ribs, the salads, the seafood. I've never been impressed except by what I mentioned earlier. The food servings are huge but the quality is far from special and again, the staff has surprisingly poor people skills. The only reason I keep coming back is because its' fun and they can accommodate large loud groups quite easily. Come to drink and have a good time. You're here to get full off of heavy food, not to taste it.
McGuire's is a 5 star restaurant because, in my opinion, it truly is a destination restaurant. If you visit Destin, you should make it a point to go to McGuire's one evening. Has anyone mentioned to be prepared for a wait?
The wait was long. There's a smoker outside where you have to wait, so you smell smoke the whole time. The food was ok, at best, and the dining area was dark. I won't be back, and won't recommend this place to friends.
Cannot go wrong with a place that has a beer sampler and 18 cent bean soup ;)  the cedar plank salmon is where it's at!  Baked potato would feed 3 people.   Everything there was super tasty!  Gotta love all the dollar bills hanging everywhere.  The waitress awesome and told us top picks and drinks to choose.
This place is quite the experience. When you walk in there are $1 bills everywhere. It is kind of over whelming. When you are looking over their menu I recommend you read it because their are many Easter eggs on it that make reading the menu part of the fun of going their. It is quirky. They have their own brewery with some great selections. If you are a beer person I recommend you try their sampler. I didn't know there was one until all my drinks were ordered. I recommend the Irish Boxty's as an app. The fish and chips is solid with a fresh fish that doesn't appear to have ever been frozen. The burger was also very good. The service was great considering they were extremely busy. Our waitress was very attentive which was unexpected because they were busting at the seems with patrons.
It was good, but not great. The quality is not where the prices are.
Our group of 8, most of which visiting from New Orleans had a great brunch here! The dark brown bread was delish, the "beignets" were tasty (although not the classic french version we are used to some of us girls were fighting over them...especially with the chocolate sauce available). The mimosas and bloody marys were tasty. We ended up sharing a bunch of dishes including the French Onion soup, the Senate Bean soup, Rueben, Calamari, spinach dip and a few others. The best part was the service though, Adam our server was fantastic and dealt well with our boisterous crowd!
By far, my families most enjoyable place to eat in Destin. Each year we make a point to visit at least once. The New York Strip is great for a burger place, don't  pass over the opportunity.
Me and my family always visit here when in town for great Irish food. The unique thing about this place is all the dollar bills hanging on walls or above you. If your adventurous, you can write one or find mine. (even I forgot where I put 3 of them.) Food is authentic (not that I ever been to Ireland), but its way delicious. And after your feeling full, theres activities next door or walk around the area. Very nice for Destin!
First thing you notice about McGuires is obviously the atmosphere. But this place is far from just looks. It packs a mean punch when it comes to food! Every time we come to the Ft. Walton/Destin area which is roughly 3 times a year, we always have to go to McGuires. It never fails us, its always a good tme, and they're bound to have a new t-shirt to scoop up. Anytime I hear a co-worker or friend is heading to the panhandle area I always recommend McGuires. It has something for everyone. My 89 year old Grandmother LOVED the bean soup! She just thought it was the neatest thing! Make sure you try one of their many burgers and grab a t-shirt from the gift shop!! Once you buy one, you'll soon start a collection!
Decent enough waiter, and have been here a few times to know the food is pretty good.  However, now being somewhat of a local, the novelty is wearing off substantially.  I really don't like the red lighting - it makes me feel like I'm eating in hell or something. Also, I'm pretty sure there's some "shortcuts" being done in the back, because things just seemed a bit too fast.  Also, I have a killer stomach ache after eating there, and I never get stomach aches and have an iron digestive system.  Makes me wonder if they have have unsanitary practices. After this, I really don't think I'd visit again.
I'm glad that McGuire's has such consistent reviews. There's so many different instances to describe what an experience it is to dine and drink here. It's great for family and friends whether you're a rowdy bunch or tame. The decor is crazy. So many different things to just oogle at and definitely look into why there's a million one-dollar bills stapled into every empty space available. The food is delicious, everything is cooked to perfection and you can really tell the cooks take pride in what they serve you. They brew their own brand of beer (that you can now purchase at the local Publix) and from what I've been told, it's flavorful and unique. I love their mixed drinks. Yes, Irish Wakes will knock you on your ass - that's why they only allot 3 per person. They have lunch/dinner and drink specials on the daily. This place gets busy, they don't take reservations on the weekend but it's open late. What I've always been impressed with is that regardless how hectic it might be on the inside, you're always tended to promptly and never wondering where your waiter/waitress is. If you like quiet dining, you won't like McGuire's. Otherwise you will love it and yearn to keep going back. I don't live in the area anymore but I always make an effort to have a night here when I'm in town.
I'm a local so coming here is not special it's just an place to meet friends grab some  grub and a couple drinks.  Well last week me and a couple friends went. We got there about 7:45 we were at the bar waiting. And around 8:30 we asked how much longer the girl at the front was extremely rude and told us that she told is before it would be an hour and told us to go wait and didn't even answer the question. We finally were seated at a tiny table that could barley fit us all around 9:30 so we waited for two hours to be seated we waited another hour for food and another hour after we are for our check. I have never in my life been I a restaurant for over 5 hours in my life.
EEK, Methinks not is right!  I wish I could give NO stars!!  The corned beef and cabbage was BY FAR the worst I've ever had, and I'm Irish so that's saying something!  How do you ruin corned beef? We ate at the Pensacola location and dreamed about coming here for months to have their fabulous corned beef again.  Well, this is NOT Pensacola.  Everything tasted like it was cooked in sugar water...carrots were mush, cabbage was like a sponge and the corned beef tasted like deli corned beef from Winn Dixie.  Wait, no, it was worse than that.  It tasted like rubber with a sugary coating!  It was absolutely disgusting!  I never use that term, but yes, it was absolutely disgusting!  I will say the potatoes were good, because I feel badly not saying something nice.  We all feel sick to our stomachs and will NEVER, EVER eat here again.  I'm guessing we just ordered the wrong thing as everyone else seemed pleased in the restaurant.  I'm tempted to call my credit card company and dispute the charges, that's how angry I am.  YUCK!!   YUCK, YUCK, YUCK, NASTY YUCK!  ICKY CRAPPY STINKY NAAAAASTY!!  Have I gotten my point across yet?!  All I can say in closing is there's a $100 I'll never get back in my life.  Management, if you're listening, you should be giving us a credit NOW!
We had potato skins to start with which were the best ones i have ever had. Had full pieces of bacon, plenty of cheese too! I had their house porter which was good as well, not being a big beer drinker. I had the 16oz prime rib with side Caesar salad and asparagus. It was all fantastic and very large portions. My girlfriend had a bacon cheeseburger and she really enjoyed it. Service was great. The dollars hanging everywhere was cool too. Would recommend to anyone and would re visit without a doubt.
This was our favorite place in Destin. Their food is great, very fresh. They grind there own steak for the burgers and they are fantastic. We had great service and really enjoyed the outdoor seating upstairs.
Great atmosphere and delicious food. From the million plus dollar bills hanging on the walls to the great Irish store, it's a fun and fulfilling spot to hit up when you're in Destin. They brew their own beer, and the Irish Red Ale is definitely worth getting a mug or three. Quite a nice variety of steaks, seafood, and traditional Irish fare (shepherd's pie, corned beef and cabbage, etc.)
First time customer.  Excellent food and service. Thank you Michelle for superb service.  Everything we ordered tasted great.  Portion sizes are huge and most entrée's can be shared...add some of their yummy bread, Senate Soup, and desert...you'll be very satisfied;) if you are in Destin, you have to try McGuire's!
It really does smell funky if you're going upstairs but don't let it deter your appetite.  They really know how to serve a hearty meal at McGuire's! My corned beef and cabbage(plus leftover bread) served me for 2 large meals and I am NOT a light eater!   I was worried about how it would taste reheated, but with no dish to reheat it in at my motel room, I resigned myself to eating it cold and it was still amazing, melt in my mouth(yet not mushy!) goodness.  Incredibly flavorful through and through. I also have to mention, The frozen Irish coffee (alcoholic)  made for a very nice dessert, too. One thing to watch out for, is that there's a smoking balcony in the upstairs area and it can be easy for the wind to blow it over the dining area, so keep that in mind when being seated.
Good food, great rootbeer & atmosphere, and good staff. We stayed at Fort Walton and its not too far. We'll come back next time we're in town.
Food was pretty good. The appetizers were huge! I had fish and chips, and it was tasty. The fish batter was a little bit heavier than I prefer, but my bf's hamburger was delicious.
i'm an out-of-towner, so when i walked in and saw thousands of one-dollar bills stapled to the ceiling, i was stunned for several seconds. we had gone for dinner on a friday night and the wait ended up being an HOUR! but we killed time by going to the roof and ordering one of their green drinks. people were as friendly as can be. we got faked out by a bunk buzzer, but that's okay. when we finally got seated our waitress was really nice. i couldn't believe some of the things on the menu (the hot fudge sundae burger and the 18c soup... yes, it really is 18 cents!)... but we ordered some good ones. my friend ordered the tuna steak. i don't like sesame seeds so i didn't care for it, but all my friends who tried it thought it was the best (food) choice of the whole trip. their prices might be a little high, but only because it's like cheesecake factory where the portions are HUGE. we ordered a ton of food, most of which we didn't eat, but everything was delicious! in the end we signed our own dollar and stapled it to our booth. memories!
Food was pretty good. The appetizers were huge! I had fish and chips, and it was tasty. The fish batter was a little bit heavier than I prefer, but my bf's hamburger was delicious.
Fantastically fun! The million dollars worth of ones hanging everywhere are worth the trip alone...the food was awesome too. Worth the wait.
I've been twice. Once to the Pensacola location and once to the destin location. Both restaurants have incredible service. Their waiters are courteous and attentive. The food is fresh and extremely tasty. I had the guacamole burger both times. Also, their Irish nachos are great, and their house made root beer is good, too. I love mcguires! Wish we had one in Birmingham!
Greasy, greasy, greasy is all I can say about my burger. It was so soaked up in grease that half the darn bread broke off. My BF's chicken sandwich was really dry and pretty tasteless. Service was lacking. I'm not the type to wave down the waiter, usually I just wait till they come by to request something. So..I sat...and..sat...until I couldn't handle the grease that was dripping down my fingers and had to ask someone ANYONE for a damn napkin. Definitely a tourist trap. Irish = burgers and nachos? Didn't try the beer, but the frozen margaritas were pretty decent. And don't get the cheap bean soup. You can get better stuff from a can.
I went off word of mouth and it did not disappoint! It was quite a wait, but I went around 8-9 which is prime time for a place like this. We were seated within the hour and the waiter (Dan F) was great! We had the bean soup and caesar's salad as our appetizers as well as their free bread; all of it was delicious. My mom, sister, and baby brother loved the bean soup. We all loved the bread, so addicting and unique. As for our actual meals we had the rib-eye steaks, shrimp, swiss-cheese angus burgers, and chicken strips! All of the food was delicious! It left us stuffed! This place is one of the few that lives up to the hype. I loved the steak and their fries were great. My brother loved the steak as well and the chicken strips were great too from what my other siblings told me. It was also the first time my dad tried Irish beer and he had no complaints. The whole menu is affordable except for the fish/steak side which is expected. This place was awesome, a unique place. It's so big and so old fashioned, they have dollars all over the wall that you can't help, but want to add on! Make it a must-stop restaurant especially if you don't have any kids.
I love this place! Waiters are amazing, and the food must be shared the portions are so large! Bugers are great, beer is cold!
Hands down, the best food I've ever had. The pork chops are to die for. The ribeye with blue cheese crumbles was melt in your mouth delicious. The Irish egg rolls is a great starter. Our waiter was not only entertaining but also very helpful. If you visit Destin you have to stop by McGuires!
Cool Irish Pub!  Love the atmosphere, and all the dollar bills EVERYWHERE.  Watch out when you go to the bathroom, don't want to end up in front of a urinal like I did when you are a female, or vice versa (I wasn't even drunk!).  I didn't really care for their beers (sampler was only $5) or their specialty drink, Irish Wake.  But the food was very good!   Their brown bread with the honey-like stuff drizzled on top with the whipped butter was great.  The 18 cent Senate bean soup was totally worth 18 cents.  Yes, 18 cents!  The meal was amazing... hubby got the steak and mushroom pie... I got the (yum!) shepherd's pie.  It was so much food, I had enough for my meal, and enough for my mom and I to split the leftovers.  Unfortunately I was too stuffed to try the smore martini, on special that night for only $3.  Oh well.  Definitely stop by McGuire's if you are in Destin!
We went to McGuire's on a Monday night and only waited about 5 minutes for a table. This was the best meal we had the entire week we were in Destin. My husband had the pork chops and I had the chef's salad. Both were absolutely delicious. We also ordered calamari and the boxties (spelling?). They were both great too. Definitely recommend! Taylor was a great server too.
Not what I was expecting heading into this place. $1 bills all over the place is a pretty cool touch. There's a different theme just about every night. The food is pretty awesome, probably one of the best steaks I've ever had. It's not cheap though but for an awesome steak, it's worth it. We caught martini night which gave me a reason to try some different martinis. We came back a couple times too, mostly because not much else goes on around this area during the week after working at the base. The stout liters we were throwing back were pretty tasty, though. I make it a point to stop in every time I'm in the area.
What a fun place to go! If you have to wait- which happens, they are so popular- just shop in their Irish store! We have been here before on spring break, around St. pat's when it is crazy busy! We went last night with friends who had not been there before. They loved it! Such a cool,atmosphere and amazing $$ displayed around, plus a cool pub atmosphere. I had corned beef and cabbage- so delicious- they know how to make it. Others in our party had fish fries a a delicious salmon. Excellent! Great brown bread also. I had a nice hunk of corned beef for breakfast with brown bread I bought. Super! Don't miss this stop!
We have eaten here only twice but really enjoyed both visits. The food was excellent and prices reasonable. The decor is something that all Notre Dame fans need to see.
Tried to dine here on Father's Day, but the wait was about 75 minutes, so we came back the next day. We ordered the Shepherd's Pie lunch special, Fish & Chips, and the kids had Cheesy Pizza. The Shepherd's Pie was a good sized portion served in a cast iron skillet, and the gravy was awesome. The Fish & Chips were good as well, with the fish being battered and fried Pacific Sole. They serve hot, freshly baked Rye bread topped with honey butter and soft butter. We also had the Senate Bean Soup - which you can't beat for only $.18 a bowl. For dessert, we shared a brownie topped with ice cream, which was a good sized portion. Make sure you read the signs when using the restroom!
Great alcohol selection and good service! Definitely worth the wait on a Saturday night. Live band and good food some of the food on the pricey side but it's worth it!
Amazing place, a true must visit! Parking seemed like it could be tough but we really lucked out. We were like kids in a candy store ordering and devouring food. The Senate bean soup and root beer are unique and fantastic (the soup was most similar to ham and beans, which I normally don't care for but WAS AMAZING! ) I got the beer sampler and was quite impressed by what these guys are brewing. The best part was the steak, I ordered the New york strip, medium rare and it was a bit more done then I like but not nearly enough to raise a fuss. They have prime beef and do it justice! The steak rivaled some of the better steak houses I've been to. Our waitress kandice was fantastic!!
This place has it all. Good atmosphere, friendly service (except for our waitress, but every other one seemed happy) and good food. Hamburger meat is very high quality!!!!!!! And the bread at the beginning? OH MY GOD!!! I can almost guarantee it is the best bread you will ever taste!!!
This place has great food. Been here numerous times. Staff is friendly and there are lots of choices for food. The drinks are great and the root beer they make homemade is awesome.  The only complaint is my credit card was scammed by the waitress and it was a pain to get my money back. This will keep me from returning anytime soon
The food is what keeps me coming back.  Their ribs are the best, they are perfectly smoked and the sauce is delish.  My husband and I always split the meal and ask for an extra baked potato.  Leave room for their rum bread pudding though it's awesome!   Yes it's busy in the summer but what restaurant isnt?  I do a lot of take out in the summer...get my food in 15 minutes.
The food and service was awesome! Our bartender was so nice and had great food and beer recommendations!  Would definitely recommend!!! The fish and chips are top notch!!!
Interesting atmosphere. There's stuff on every square inch of wall space (mostly dollar bills), unusual signs, a mermaid beer tap that dispenses from her nipples. It's loud inside from the amount of people and the guy with the guitar in the corner singing about kissing the moose. So probably not a good date place unless you don't plan to talk to your date. It's a fun place to visit once for the experience. There's nothing very Irish about the food, which was fine with me. But the food wasn't great especially for the price. Not bad but not super. I probably would not take kids under 14.
We are regulars here because we love this place so much. The staff is usually very friendly and competent. The bartenders are the best in town. There are always so many specials and events here. The food is always good as well. We always bring company coming in from out of town to eat here. Definitely get the senate bean soup as a starter. Their nachos are humongous and could feed a table of 10 as a starter. All of their burgers can be done using a chicken breast as well. There usually is a wait during the summer but it's the same all throughout the entire town of Destin. It's completely worth the wait. Their brew masters definitely know what they're doing because their beer is amazing. We always check what the seasonal is before ordering because it's usually something that we'd want to try.
One word: ORGASMIC. Seriously.  The heavens cleared and the angels sang. We were seated immediately. The place was a bit dim for me but I'd eat in pitch black darkness if it meant eating at McGuire's. Our waitress Milly was THE BEST waitress I've ever had; she was PERFECT, absolutely amazing. Ask for her and tip generously! We had the following: Appetizer - Baked Potato Skins (delicious! yumyumyum!) 1 - Pasta Rustica (Had it with Caesar Salad which in itself is the best any of us have ever had. Mom was allowed to substitute shrimp for the Italian sausage which made her very happy. The portion was so big she took half of it home!) 2 -  16 oz Hickory Smoked Prime Rib of Beef (Had it rare with a Caesar Salad, Creamed Spinach, and ?. After just a few bites, he was raving about it being one of the best steaks he's ever had; we're talkin' Steakhouse quality here!) 3 - 16 oz Smoked and Grilled Prime Rib Steak (Had it medium with a Caesar Salad, Baked Potato, and ?. The baked potato comes with its own rack of sour cream, cheese, and bacon bits. Even after having eaten the delicious steak, he was telling everyone they had to try the bacon bits, haha) Me - Reuben Sandwich (Had it with Creamed Spinach, which was yummy but nothing compared to the sandwich itself. I couldn't get my mouth around it but that didn't stop me from devouring it like a savage beast. I don't care who saw me!) Extras: Irish Black Bread (HOLY CRAP! Thinking back on how good it was makes me cry. Wow. It's homemade, fluffy, warm, and delicious with melted honey butter glaze on top! Don't bother with slices, just DIVE right in. Stick it on a knife and eat it like a popsicle, whatever.  Just EAT IT.) Beverages: With so much alcohol to choose from we decided to go with McGuire's Stout and Ale (home brews). I am told the Stout was better than the Ale but in general nothing amazing. Yes, this place is a bit expensive (we paid $110 for 4 people), but so so worth it in terms of taste and portion size. Please, for the love of all that is good in this world, GO TO MCGUIRE'S.
Went for the burgers. Heard fro a guy the night before they were amazing. We were not disappointed. Cody, our waiter was awesome and gave us great suggestions. The food does not come in small portions. It was the only time I've ever heard my boyfriend say we should've split our meals. We also had the $.18 bean soup and the calamari. I would order everything we had again. The only reason I wouldn't give it a 5-star rating was the smell. It smelled a little like they hadn't changed their rag water buckets for wiping the tables down.
best Rueben I ever had....i wanted to try everything on the menu.  They also brew their own rootbeer!!! I wish we had one in Arlington, Texas!!!
The food is just ok. Service usually stinks. The prices are always high. I have frequented this establishment often over the last 8 years. I have watched it steadily go down hill for the last 4 years or so. I avoid going here now. It is a shame.
The food here was pretty good. We ate early then came back because "ladies drink free" from 10-close. The free drinks for ladies are disgusting. Tried 3 of the house brewed beers & a margarita and all were nasty. It is a good idea to let ladies drink for free but at least let it be something worth sippin on!
The best bang for your buck is this restaurant in Destin Florida. After eating in decadence for the past week in New Orleans, I decided to stay in Destin on the way home. That was the luckiest move I made all week. The entire experience at McGuire's was amazing. The drinks are priced low and my ribeye was perfection on a plate. This was my favorite meal of my entire vacation. It beat New Orleans!
Good food, cold beer, good service, fun atmosphere.  What more could you ask for?
Fun atmosphere, delicious food. I got the mushroom pasta and it was delicious. Portion sizes are huge and you get the delicious bread with your order too. Definitely get the bean soup since it's only 18c! And my order came with a large salad which was amazing. I ate the pasta 3 times! Yummy! But I must add, the service wasn't very good. The hostess was not nice or informative at all. She told us we could sit "around the bar area" and we scored a table but the server ignored us for a solid 30 minutes before informing us we needed to move. It was a pretty crappy experience and he was rude, even after I apologized for clearly being unsure of where we could sit. Then we went to eat at the bar upstairs. We didn't feel valued as customers at all. Good food, unpleasant service.
The food was mediocre and not Irish. The service was slow. The roof view was nice, but this may be negated by the nearby high-rise. Beer may help the experience.
WARNING!! IF YOU SEND YOUR STEAK BACK FOR BEING TOO SALTY THEY WILL WASH IT, PUT IT BACK ON THE GRILL AND TRY TO SERVE IT TO YOU AGAIN. I've been a loyal local customer to McGuires for over 12 years. I just went here for dinner tonight. My father, wife and myself ordered 3 ribeye steaks and they came out WAY to salty. When we sent them back, they came back within 3 minutes. The manager brought them and stated "I understand that you got steaks that were seasoned too much. Before we make you a new one, we washed these with with garlic butter to try to fix them." Then he wanted us to try to figure out whose steak was whos. We told him this was unacceptable and wanted new steaks. The steaks had a chargrilled look to them before we sent them back and they were grey when they brought them back to us. We also stated that we wanted to speak with the main manager. The General manager came to our table and explained that their policy is to try to fix the food, rather than start over from scratch. He was unapologetic and had an attitude. We explained that we were locals and were paying a lot of money for these steaks to be "Washed in GARLIC butter" (Their own words). It had to much garlic and salt so how is washing in garlic butter supposed to fix it. The manager stated that he did not have to stand there and listen to us "Yell" at him. He told us to just leave without paying. (Why would I pay for an inedible steak?) It's a shame that they treated us this way because we will never be back. IT LITERALLY LOOKED LIKE THEY SCRAPED THE SEASONING OFF WITH A KNIFE, WASHED IT IN WATER AND PUT IT BACK ON THE GRILL. HOW IS THAT A FIX FOR A $30 STEAK?
Good burger. Marginal shepherds pie. Wild decor because all you see all over the ceiling and walls is one dollar bills signed by patrons for who knows how long and hanging everywhere. I wonder how much the place is insured for?  I think I heard there is over $500K hanging around. I didn't have any beer but they do brew on-site.
A required stop whenever life brings me to PCOLA.  Love the burgers, onion rings are kick ass, and filet mignon is a total winner.  Remember, this is NOT a Michelin starred restaurant, it's a pub with outstanding food that comes with a hefty helping of fun.  I highly recommend it.
Everytime I have been here I have never been let down.  Great food and amazing drinks.
This is one of my favorite places to eat in Destin. The food is amazing. I've never had a bad meal here and I've ordered something different every time I've  been. Prepare to wait to be seated, but the wait is worth it! They also have some really cool Irish merch in their gift shop!
Fun, casual restaurant and bar!! Their signature drink "Irish Wake" made with OJ and rum is very good and comes with a green cherry! The chocolate brownie/cake dessert is a must!! It has a cool gift shop and worth going to when visiting Destin! The live music makes for a fun evening. I don't know why there is a naked blow up doll as the profile pic for this bar on Yelp- we saw no such thing, and we walked all around the restaurant and gift shop!
So much fun. Must stop in when you are in the area.  We have past this place up so many times when in the area over the years but never again. Great drink and meal specials, huge portions, unique menu items, excellent service, and such a fun atmosphere!!! There is money and bras hanging from the ceilings. Everything we tried was tasty. Jodie was our amazing server and did not let us down with recommendations. Boxtys, $7.99 pot roast special, .18 cent Senate bean soup, house bread, house brewed root beer, house brewed ale, rack of ribs, and French onion soup. So much food. Servings are huge and could easily be shared if you are the sharing type:0)
Irish Wake...CHECK.  Prime Rib smoked...CHECK.  Great shots too.  Really wanna just make this short.  REALLY REALLY GOOD, but a little pricey.  $100 for 2 ($10 Wakes will do that I guess)
Feeling rather put off by the wait staff and hostess inability to prepare a table for a group . Looking forward to the end of the tourist season when we locals can have the Destin were accustom to the rest of the year back.
The rib-eye I had was amazing. Without a doubt top ten! I got a Medium Rare, and was fairly pleased that they mistakenly brought me a medium. It isn't that their beef is under cooked, one must keep in mind that it is smoked. If you haven't been here before I would suggest ordering one level of cooked higher than you usually do. All that said. It was one of the most brilliant steaks of my life. Next time I'm in Destin I will be at McGuires!
Pretty great food here and the portions ae HUGE. I've eaten here a few times now and the Prime Rib and the burgers are fantastic. The only thing i dont like about this place is that they are always extremely busy around dinner time. So be prepared to wait to be seated. But all in all it really is a great place to grab dinner.
My husband and I ate here last week during our trip to Destin. I only have good things to say about this place! The atmosphere is fun, the food is amazing, and the service was great. My husband had the beer sampler and enjoyed tasting all the beers. I read in another review that they took the raspberry wheat off the menu, but they brought it back and I chose it as my drink. So delicious! Now for the food. My goodness. We had the appetizer sampler.  Everything on it was AMAZING but we probably should have gotten a bit smaller appetizer because we couldn't even come close to eating it all! The boxtys were delicious - definitely recommend them if you only choose one app! I had the Gouda angus burger and added sautéed mushrooms to it, and had the steak fries. SO good. I'm kind of a burger snob, and this was delicious. I only ate half of it, as I was already so full from the apps and the burger was huge! Those fries though... The were perfectly soft on the inside and perfectly crunchy on the outside. Mmmm. My husband had the ribeye steak, which was huge as well, and a baked potato. If you're picky, like he is, you'll like the fact that they bring everything on the side for your potato. His steak was delicious and perfectly cooked. We are already planning another trip to Destin and will definitely be going back to McGuires!
Two stars because the service was alright and the beef seemed very fresh, like ground on premises fresh. I had the burger that the food network showed up for, the big daddy, and it was ok I guess. Not seasoned. As a Texan, I always have cheddar, bacon, and jalapeños on my burgers, so nothing special there. My wife had the Reuben egg rolls which were not bad either, but as they cooled the dipping sauce started to separate. Onto the beer. Well, it isn't good. Maybe if somebody only drinks crappy beer it would be good, but the tap for the ale seemed bad, a bit spoiled. They definitely use cheap ingredients to brew, and it is either not a priority or they just don't know what they are doing. The red is boring and the ipa is weird. This is not craft beer, and if it was a microbrewery standing on its own it would not last. The ambience is weird too. The dollar bills hanging all over the place immediately made me think of stripper butt bacteria floating around.   This is a tourist trap if I have ever seen one. The whole strip center is geared towards the one place, trying to sell everything they possibly can. I would avoid it and head down to the shore to Dewey Destins for some brews and seafood instead. The bean soup was actually awesome, for 18 cents.
Hmm...great time..lets start by the arrival.. There is a double Decker bus parked outside.  Once you step in you are greeted by about 1.3 million dollars which are stapled all over the restaurant.  Is a little dark but it gives you the feeling that you are at an Irish pub back in the island.  The serves are great they explain the specials.  The beer which is brewed there are pretty refreshing.  Can't beat a .18 cent cup of senate bean soup.  One day i had fish and chips, the second day i had oyster po-boy they were both very tasty. My travel partner had sheperd pie and the second pastrami sandwich lets just say that nothinv went to waste. For desert we shared a home made bread pudding with a delicious sauce.  Overall this place is a must visit if ever in the area.
We have eaten here 5 times now. I really love this place! Everything we have ordered has been fantastic except for the fatty, grissely, very gamey lamb stew. I am a lamb and goat fan but they use scraps of a 30 year old animal for this dish.  Get the smoked prime rib, it's a 5 star dish!  And ALWAYS ALWAYS get the 18 cent bowl of beans!!
Everything I had here was great. The NY steak was some of the best I've ever had. The  18¢ soup was delicious, and the bread was incredible. If you are a local or are in the area I would absolutely give it a try.
This place has too much hype and not enough deliverance! Too dark in the eating areas. The dollar bill thing is cool but I felt a little clausterphobic! I didn't like it especially having to wait forever because everybody and their mama wanted to go!!!
Good cheap beer. Fantastic Irish food with huge helpings. Very good service  Definitely a great experience.
Spinach artichoke and cream cheese was really good! Reuben egg rolls were fantastic! Should have gotten one more appetizer and ben done but we order sandwiches and ended up bringing half of our meals home. Really great atmosphere and good food!
Loved it. Steaks are fabulous, steakburgers were awesome after a week of seafood. The Irish Wake cocktail will get the job done!
I want to start off by saying that i am NOT a tourist...I see a lot of reviews calling a tourist trap and what not.... I am a local who simply loves it here. Yes, there can be a bit of wait (worth it) and yes it is dark (its a pub).  While waiting you can smell the delightful smoke from the smoker outside! The service is top notch and the servers truly know about the food, and are willing to answer all you questions.  The portions are massive, so go hungry!  And poor is the food to die for. To start you have to get the bean soup.  It is only 18cents and although filling...it's actually super tasty!   I have had so many amazing entrees here, I can't pick a favorite but you must get both the Reuben egg-rolls (which just dance on your tong) and the boxxies (which are fried balls of well seasoned mashed potatoes with a ton of sides). Both of there seafood and steaks are a super win. Although it's easy to spend a lot of money here, you don't have to!  You can easily get away with getting one of there amazing burgers and the soup, be more then full and keep the check low. They do make there own beer and root beer although I can not comment on them, as I have never had it.
After months of hearing about McGuire's I finally decided to go with my coworker. I was not surprised by the dollar bills covering the ceilings and walls, because my clients had already given me the run down of the place. We were seated in the back room with the booths and served by this very cute petite lady. I don't remember her name, but her accent was dope. To start we ordered the boxtys, which are fried mashed potatos. I love potatos so finding out there was a variation I hadn't tried was very surprising. They were soooooo good! They don't ooze out of the breading when you take a bite either, which is a plus in my book. My coworker ordered the Filet and I ordered the Prime Rib (smokey version not grilled). We both had the 18 cent Senate soup and baked potato as sides. The soup was excelent and the baked potato was huge. The steaks were very large cuts and they were juicy and cooked just right. My au jus did come out cold...hhmm. By the end of the meal we hadn't even put a dent in all the food we got. I know some people may think the food is overpriced, but you do get what you pay for at McGuire's. We didn't order drinks, but our clients are always coming in a little tipsy...or more after a night at McGuire's so I'm assuming the beer they brew on site is pretty good.
The family loves this place! The bean soup is amazing. My only complaint is the belligerent men at the table across from us.
One of my family's favorite places to eat when in Destin. The prime rib is AMAZING. The boys always enjoy trying their brews. The most fun part is you can write your name or anything else you want on a dollar bill and staple it in the restaurant where you like ( within reason of course). A must try in Destin.
We made a trip to Destin with our family this year. Being a guy who loves different and unique food but my wife not so much. When we asked the locals where there favorite place was they all came back with McGuire's Pub. With it being my son's name we had to try. Now once we got here the front in greeting staff was very friendly and had a gift shop attached that passed the time (also got us to buy a shirt). The burgers were very good and had plenty of different and unique toppings. If you ho the 18 cent bean soup is differently worth it. My daughter got her chicken sandwich on a French bread roll. The fresh toppings and juicy chicken was the perfect combination along with their homemade potato wedges was just what she needed. Upbeat and friendly staff along with the live singer kept the kids soothed throughout the meal. If you have only one place to go while your here. McGuire's is the place to go. When we travel back down here from Michigan this will be a place we come back to.
Mcguires was busy so we went to the mini mcGuires next door. We had some fabulous pizza. Service was good. Beer was so so. We sat outside so that was nice. Overall it was a good experience.
I didn't eat anything but some of the combo appetizer. (I had wls about 4 months ago). My family loved the atmosphere. Everyone liked their food and alcoholic beverages! Most in my party got hamburgers, which were ok. The ones who ventured to get steaks, corn beef and cabbage, and pasta were the most pleased.
Ello ello mates, was this ever a stuff your face fest.  I felt like I had a vendetta with my kidneys, because I ate so much meat I know they were cursing me.  We started with the boxtys....delicious.  Who can complain about fried mashed potatoes in a ball.  Then we had the ruben eggrolls, I didn't think I was going to like them because I don't like rubens, but I did.  On to the main coarse! I had the ribeye and baked potato, my wife had the baby filet.......(drool) excuse me they were delicious, flame cooked so you got that char flavor.  There wasn't much seasoning other than salt, pepper, and the char.  Need anything else? I think not, this is a definite repeat place
Beer was awesome the root beer included! Love the complimentary bread. I had the fish and chips and it was really good. Bread pudding was great. My 11 yr old said they had the best French fries ever!
I am a local and dine here once or twice a year - definitely not in summer during the busy season. Décor is over the top tacky. Drinks expensive. Service inattentive at best and it isn't even the busy season. I had the Shepherd's pie - it wasn't cooked long enough - soggy uncooked pastry on the inside - bland filling.   I would had hoped that an "Irish" pub couldn't screw up a signature dish.
Fantastic burger selection and create your own sytles. Forget the lines, just skip it and head up stairs. Its  one of our tips as locals. They're opening a micro brew shop here in the near future. Parking is super hit and miss especially on Friday/Saturday nights.
If you're in for a bit of imbibery and debauchery, then McGuires Irish Pub at Destin is the place to go for a good meal and to quench ones thirst.   Its very very dark in there, even during lunch time.   Although there are painted 'caution' markings on the floor and some lighting, one should give themselves a few minutes to adjust to the darkness first before wandering off to the store, which is where the restrooms are located.  For a place this large, one would think that there'd be larger facilities but there aren't.   And I made the mistake of looking at the signs wrong....I looked for "WOMAN" without reading the sign, which had something to the effect of 'woman should not enter' or something of that nature in smaller letters -- Needless to say, I was surprised to see 3 tall urinals on the wall.  OOPS!!   The 19 cents bean soup is a must order item at McGuires.  Its always been that price and will always be that price.   Hubby and I ordered the ribeye steak, which came with a grilled slice of tomato sprinkled with blue cheese and probably mozzarella?? I dunno...but it was melted on top and yummy.   We got asparagus on the side -- crispy, and not wilted.   Our daughter ordered the side of ribs, which are smoked outside, you will walk by it on your way into the restaurant.  They were tender and falling off of the bone.   We had plenty of leftovers to take with us because the portions are large and it probably had something to do with the salads we had before our dinner.   This restaurant is covered with dollar bills stapled all over the walls, ceiling, bar, booths, etc, with all sorts of sentiments written on them.   All you have to do is ask your waiter/waitress who will bring you a sharpie and a staple gun so you can mark your special occasion along with the thousands and thousands of others who have too.   Food is good, service is GREAT!   This place is opened LATE!!!!
This was my first time here and it was absolutely amazing. Bar staff was friendly and entertaining. Walter is the best! Their seasonal beer was so good, I wish I could take a 24 pk with me back home. Our waitress Bobbie was so sweet and accommodating. She made our meal that much better. A definite must visit while in Gulf Shores. Will absolutely be coming back.
Awesome... With potatoes.
Went for the cool atmosphere was not expecting 1 of the best steaks I've ever had place was great would recommend to anyone, even our kids loved it.  Huge portions go lite on the apps
Had a tasty lunch. My husband had the fish & chips lunch special. He ate every morsel. I had the french onion soup and it was almost as good as mine. We both had the 18cent bean soup, which the menu says is $18 if you don't order anything else. Funny. The bathrooms are very strange. Be sure you are in the correct one. I wanted to split a burger but my husband didn't  so that will have to wait for a return visit. Try it, it's a fun place.
McGuire's was everything we were told it was. Great atmosphere, location and awesome food. Definitely a place to visit every time we are in Destin!
While in Florida, our host reccomended to visit McGuire's Irish Pub.  We did and it was absolutely worth it.   My buddy and I showed up a bit before our host did for a early dinner, and so we went to the bar.  Trying to find a seat was difficult, and when we did find one, I sat next to a lady who just smiled and started chatting with me.  It wasn't until about five minutes into the conversation that I learned I was sitting in her husband's seat, and by consequence of sitting there I was her new husband, had acquired a family of 2 kids both in college, and I was from Idaho now.  I never knew a seat was so expensive...  Stu, our bartender was tremendous, he kept the drinks coming and made sure we tried the house stout, a coffee flavored dark beer that runs slightly smoother than Guinness, but I still prefer my stout. So our host came and we sat down to eat.  We got our menus and she reccomended some potato bite appetizers and the senators soup (the soup is still an amazing .18$).  We tried it, and it was delicious.  I tried the steak and mushroom pie.  While a bit rich on the Worcestershire flavor, it was still good.  The price was extremely affordable, with us walking out with just about 15$ a head.   All in all I am a fan of this place!
Excellent! The food and service here are 100% top notch - as good as it gets. The waitresses smile and really care about your experience, and the food is amazing and very consistent. The fish and chips are amazing. Probably the best tasting fried fish I've ever had.
Excellent ! Went for lunch and was not disappointed. Great service and food. Make sure to get the Senate bean soup for 18 cents ! It is delicious for a starter. The sheppards meat pie is huge, feeds two easy, so split it. Excellent dish. Steaks, looked awesome and will try next time. Ice cold beer brewed right there was good. I will be back for the steaks and to try a Rueben.
Went in with a group of six (6) very hungry friends.. Staff was able to quickly put a couple of tables together for us all to sit together.  Sever was ON Time.. Drinks Orders 1st.. then service.. Appraisers orderd, then main entrees orders.. All was delivered to us on time, not too soon, or too late.. Drinks refilled with out asking!  Great place to go with a small group of friends and enjoy a unique atmosphere and some great food.
Always great!
One of the better places we went to in my opinion. While it smelled like vomit walking upstairs there were tons of people and live music. Everyone seemed to have a blast!
They brew their own beer, The Irish Wake is super tasty.  The Senate Bean Soup is great and it such an awesome atmosphere that you are going to want to keep going back.  I also enjoy the grilled chicken thighs and I almost always order the Filet Mignon.  It comes topped with a thick slice of beef tomato and some blue cheese crumbles.  Excellent, excellent excellent. If you are in Destin (or Pensacola) and you do not come here well then you are a snoozzer of a person and probably hate life so either eat here or stay home and cut yourself.
This restaurant had a really good environment that seemed very fun! The food was delicious and the waitress we had did a great job, they really kept it 300 hunnit so I am impressed! Definitely recommend!
Always a good time when we go here. The food is GREAT! Huge portions for not a lot of money. Good burgers and yummy bread pudding. Well worth the wait if there is one.... Put a dollar on the wall and have some fun! Love McGuires!
So we went here for lunch on a Tuesday while in Destin last week. We both ordered hamburgers and fries an WOW, soooo good!!  We also tried their root beer and the Irish red stout and it was good as well. Server was Nicole and she was very pleasant and efficient. Will visit again when we go back to Destin!!
YIKES! peppery bean soup VERY salty, rendered inedible.  not worth 18 cents beef superb steamed veggies not much to crow about service superb
I can't say enough good things about the food here.  We always stop here for eats in Destin.  Yup, $1.4million in $1 bills still hanging from the ceiling.  Great servers!  Amazing food!  Glad it's still the same awesomesauce here.  The Reuben eggrolls are a must-have!  Crispy eggrolls filled with corned beef, cheese,and sauerkraut, it's a fun appetizer, flavorful, and compact to eat.  I could eat this as a meal alone.  The Irish lamb stew is a nice hearty stew with tender flavorful juicy lamb mixed in with potatoes, carrots, and topped with a flaky pastry on top.  This would be great to eat when cold and drunk.  The shepherd's pie was plated and prepped beautifully.  Another hearty dish filled with meat, veg, and topped with a generous heaping of mashed potatoes.  Corned beef and cabbage was another great dish.  Again very flavorful and tender.  The cabbage soaks up the juices well.  The Irish mushroom and steak pie was wonderful.  Basically a pot pie filled with hunks of tender steak and giant mushrooms.  Senate bean soup was very flavorful, tasted like charros bean soup you find at taquerias.  And for $0.18, can't beat that!
I thought this place was terrible. The mashed potatoes were very obviously made from flakes and not real potatoes. The steak was fatty and overly salty. The only thing anyone from our table enjoyed was the potato skin appetizer. The rest was terrible. A coworker of mine raves about this place and even has the tshirt. I may be biased because I grew up in New Orleans eating very good, very quality steaks.
I have had some VERY EXPENSIVE  steaks and the steak here was as good as they come. The shepherds pie is outstanding also. This should be a place I would've went at least a couple times while on vacation. CRAFT beers are awesome  also .
I had no idea that spareribs and burgers were Irish delicacies! Wow, I've been eating like the Irish and never knew it! Sigh. While this place is definitely a nice respite from the endless chain restaurant nightmare that surrounds it, Its still not very good. The "micro-brews" were bland and uninteresting wit the exception of the "Irish Red" ale. My burger was OK until a bit into an enormous clod of season salt and rosemary that seared my taste buds into submission. The space is loud, dark, and kinda dirty (psst that's why they keep it dark).
This is an amazing joint.  Best hamburger I've ever had -- the quality of the meat was A-1, resulting in every bite being moist and tender with the absolutely greatest texture.  It was cooked to perfection.  The tomato and pickles were fresh and delicious.  The Irish fries were incredible, with a nice crispy exterior and just the right tenderness for the interior and seasoned perfectly.  $9.99 for the burger and fries.  The beer sampler permitted a tasting of McGuire's brews -- an ale, Irish Red, IPA, porter, stout, and seasonal (raspberry wheat) -- for $5.  Also tried the Senate (bean) soup for a measly $0.18.  It was very good.  The atmosphere was fantastic, of course, I like any joint where I can hear "Scotland the Brave" with blaring bagpipes.  The brew guys -- Gary & Tom, gave the wife & I a "tour" of the brewery and answered all of our questions after we finished our meal.  It was a wonderful bonus.  With this one visit, McGuire's has become my favorite restaurants in the entire region, and one of my favorite joints in the entire country.
Went here for drinks the other night. I forgot how GREAT this place is! They have a diverse selection of beer, unique cocktails... And let's not forget the FOOD! An amazing professional waitstaff makes this place worth the wait any day?
Great atmosphere! Great food! Great beer! But the best is the Irish wake! My favorite is the new York strip, tastiest steak I've ever had! A buddy of mine either actually tried the garbage burger.  He didn't like it but at the same time he didn't not like it, kind of a melancholic reaction to it.  He ate half and took the other half home and actually finished it.  Every time I in Destin this is one of my primary stops.
This place was recommended by a local for the burgers and interesting decor.  The burgers are HUGE and they were good.  The blue cheese chips for an appetizer were really good but really TOO much food.  One of us got the Pasta Rustica which was really TOO much and the burgers were TOO big!  See a pattern here - TOO much FOOD!  The dollar bills are interesting everywhere.  A good place to see while in Destin and if you are in the mood for leftovers for days - its a MUST!
Great spot in Destin for your drinks and food. Location is great, which is across from the harbor so that you can walk across to check out more bars. This was our first meal of the trip and the food was definitely awesome.  Portions are big so save your appetite for your entree, especially since they give you one of the best breads.  Out of everything, my favorite was the fish n chips, which was very moist and not oily or greasy at all! Interior was very fun to look at as well, with dollar bills literally covering every inch of the walls and ceiling.  Also, make sure you read the whole sign for the bathroom, it can get tricky~   Overall, it's a must stop for your trip in Destin =]
Yummy root beer made on site! Go for the steak and mushroom pie was delicious. Lots of food; really don't need any aps!
One of the best Irish pubs I have been to. Really fun atmosphere, good drinks, and great food.  Grab the bean soup (for $0.18 by the way) and the Reuben egg rolls are outstanding. They have fantastic burgers as well...go here hungry, portions are good sized.   This is a destin landmark - you gotta go here at least once.
100% my scene.  I'd be here twice a week if I lived here.  Great food (everything on the menu comes out better than expected for a bar restaurant) for really good prices, they make the own beer (the Belgian white and the red ale are both really good,) and the atmosphere has LOTS of personality.  Thursday nights ladies drink free after 10pm.  Be aware: the portion sizes are huge.  You must opt for the 18 cent bean soup.
My new favorite restaurant in Pensacola.  I had the Ahi Tuna cooked rare.  Delicious and served perfectly.  Waiter was very good....knew the menu and offered suggestions.  Atmosphere was good....crowded.  Short wait for table but enjoyed a drink at the bar.
Great beer (porter and/or the red.) Awesome, fall off the bone ribs.  Huge burgers.  Great fish and chips.  I could go on and on.  Bring some one dollar bills and a Sharpie, so you can contribute to the million or so that they already have posted on the walls, ceilings, floors, etc.!  And make sure you use the restrooms while there...they are an experience in and of themselves.
With over a million dollar bills stapled to the walls and historical memorabilia, this place is definitely a stop you won't want to miss. A few things to be aware of: the food portions are very large, the restaurant is rather dark, and the restrooms can be a bit confusing. On a positive note, the food menu is extensive and excellent.  The service is very professional and efficient.   There is a large gift shop with an array of wines. Lastly, they also brew their own root beer and beer. Note: Get there early, because the crowd and waiting can be long.
This place is so fun, the drinks are excellent and the service is good.  It is a bit expensive, but well worth it.  Our waitress did get my order wrong, but I was so happy with my irish wake that I did not really care.  If you are in Destin you have to eat here, it is an experience not to be missed.
I can't remember the last time I had such a perfect and delicious steak! I ordered the NY strip and my tastebuds exploded! My husband had their cheddar jalapeño burger which was equally extraordinary. We went back for a 2nd visit the last night we were in town and split their Gouda burger (added bacon because bacon goes with everything) and their Reuben egg rolls. Again, they did not disappoint! The egg rolls are highly addictive an are worth the trip in and of themselves! The burgers are all 3/4 lb so you could definitely split! Our 2nd trip was on a Friday night but with seating for 700 in that place, we didn't have to wait more than 15 min to be seated. They also had a live bagpiper playing which was pretty cool. Bottom line: this place is legendary and not to be missed. Your tastebuds will thank you.
Great food, atmosphere. Mediocre beer, but brewed by them.
All ways good . This place is a locals Favorite. We try to come to lunch a few times a month . You have got to try wed lunch Special I just love the fry chicken here. You can never go wrong with a burger and for 9.99 it is so big you may want to share it.
I would give them 5 stars just for the navy bean soup, but all the rest of the food was great as well. Our servers were really nice as well as totally on top of their game providing us with excellent service. Wish they had a location out here in the California desert....we would be there all the time!
This is the best place in Destin to come and relax with friends and enjoy great Irish food. The steaks are also amazing,  especially the peppercorn steak, coated in so much pepper you can barely see the meat. They only serve it at night because it's smoked during the day. Excellent brews made by the restaurant itself, live music most nights, and a strange eclectic decor style with over a million dollars in $1 posted on every available surface by customers, mixed with vintage pub posters and moose heads. And don't forget to kiss the moose on your birthday! We come here every visit to the beach. Love it!
Was hoping for some real Irish dishes for lunch and instead it was just burgers, steaks and poboys. I guess they have to appeal to tourists.  Beer is good. Thank God.
Great food!! Fast service!! Good for cheaper night !! Food is in super large portions!! Will definitely come back before vacation is over !!
This place is so good we actually ate here twice on our vacation. The Senate Bean soup is so good even my picky 10-yr old even ate it & he normally only eats mac&cheese or chicken! The fish & chips were delish & the burgers are very tasty. We had very attentive service on each visit. Also loved all the signs & $ all over the place
My husband and I were told there was a 15min wait. No. We waited over an hour. Ok, that could have been forgivable with the great food right? Wrong. My salmon tasted like it came out of a deep freezer and looked and tasted like another type of fish. I am a frequent eater of salmon- this was NOT salmon. My husband ordered the sausage plate. Ok have you ever eaten that Johnson's sausage from your local grocery? I'm pretty sure that's what he ate... With a link of greasy bratwurst. Disgusting. And the sauerkraut was too extremely sour and tart to eat. The live music was decent at least... But our server seemed like he wanted to take a nap. Wait- I'm not done! So my husband forgot his $200 sunglasses on the table. We didn't realize it until we got back to our room so we called. The hostess said to check in the gift shop because they have a lost and found there, so we decided to go back in the morning. Well you guessed it, no sunglasses. All around horrible experience and WAY overpriced for what we ate. Four thumbs down.
I am giving this place 4.5 stars. The food is excellent...you have to try the .18  cent soup. The steak is very good and Ruben is great too. Service is very good too. We really like this place.
This location is worth visiting for great steaks, fried mashed potatoes as appetizers, and over 1 million dollar bills all over the restaurant!
This places has earned its' five stars! Yes, it can be touristy, but it's a local fav too! Way back when it opened my wife and I (girlfriend then) used to frequent this spot for it's fun atmosphere and yummy food. Now, I have no idea what I ate cause I had such a great time! Plenty of eating areas, cool shop, dollars all over he walls. Great location, just over Destin bridge, and although my sleepy fishing village has turned into freaking' Florida's Myrtle Beach, I still love it. Stop in to have some fun and some yummy food! Leave all grumpiness at the door!
Second time to come this place. Good server, great beer. Awesome huge burger! Tried thier fortune guess ing, and it was really close. Lol
One of the best Reuben sandwiches I've ever had. Simply a must. The place does get pretty crowded though.
Pros:  great food/menu, location, awesome bar/wait staff, live music, local brew. Cons:  touristy, limited parking. Tips:  request a seat upstairs for great views of the bay/crab island.
One of my most favorite places to go in Destin. You'll love it too if you like authentic Irish foods.  The sheepheards pie is the best that I have ever eaten.  If you like a good drink, try their signature Irish Wake.  You're only allowed to have three, so you can figure out how potent they are and you get to keep the jar/glass that they're served in.
McGuire's has a lot to offer, namely in the way of excellent food at a relatively appropriate price.  The atmosphere is engaging, the story is intriguing and the actual restaurant backs up all the 'gimmick' 100%.  Enjoy an amusing and novelty-filled dinner for a price you can live with at this Irish overload. The Space: I mean what can I really say: dollar bills signed by patrons of days past line the ceiling and walls.  The area is decked out in green and the demeanor of the decor screams "We're Irish!  Look, Look!!  See all the green stuff and the cutesy accents!?"  Despite the tryhard attitude of this place, it actually comes off pretty tolerable (especially considering the food, but more on that later).  The one thing I think anyone can stand to avoid in the entire restaurant is the gift shop, but that is mainly because Destin is a notorious tourist trap and I do not need my food supplier to force more of that attitude down my throat. The Food: My most recent visit (8/14/2013) was prompted by a low-key birthday celebration amongst family.  Having decided ahead of time that I was going to go "all out" and eat as much as I could of whatever I felt like, my party quickly ordered the following: Appetizers: -Calamari -Spinach and artichoke dip -Boxtys (also known as fried mashed potato hush puppies) -18¢ Bean Soup (a gimmick by choice, delicious by design) Entrees: -Smoked Gouda Cheeseburger w/ baked beans -Filet mignon w/ mashed potatoes -Ribeye w/ house salad and potato wedges Dessert/Other: -Root beer float (made using their house root beer) -McGuire's Porter beer (again, from their in-house micro brewery) -Brownie a la mode (free for the birthday guest) Calamari seemed as though it had been sitting around a little too long before reaching the table.  I cannot say I could recommend it again, but this is not the place to order such a side either.  The dip was pretty tasty and, surprisingly, filled with a notable amount of spinach and artichoke.  Flavor was on-point and the chips that come with it are sturdy enough to handle the thickness of that 'dip.'  The Boxtys (my selection amongst the others) never fail to disappoint, and they were fresh from the fryer for sure.  Lastly, the bean soup is always worth getting, even if for the novelty of having something that is likely sold to you at-cost in a place where NOTHING ELSE comes even close to doing so. The dinner courses made up for any doubts or skepticism I might have had for this place at all.  To start, my burger was cooked medium-rare and arrived at the table pink and a touch bloody: perfect.  My baked beans were a forgettable addition, but this type of behavior is why McGuires receives 4 stars from me instead of 5 (adding forgettable things instead of making each piece essential).   The ribeye was delicious as well, though it was ordered medium-rare and came out what I would call a MEDIUM...rare.  Again, the house salad and potato wedges were an afterthought in comparison to the dish itself. The king of the whole event, if you could not guess, was the filet.  Dear sweet lord that filet was so soft and tender...you barely had to do anything to it but place it in your mouth before it disintegrated into flavorful bliss.  I cannot fault the side dishes for being paired next to such an incredible selection of choice beef (and at a $33 price tag, you know to expect something profound), but there could have been a little more effort in pairing choices. And finally the miscellaneous: root beer float was worth it.  Porter was fairly tasty but kind of price (and I have had better, but I also have sought better intentionally for some time now).  And the brownie for dessert was tasty, though it was cooked unevenly (one half was soft and gooey while the other was crispy and hard as a brick). The Verdict: Come here for sure.  Do not get sucked into the gimmicks enough to ignore the price tag on some of these menu items and do not let the gimmicks override the integrity placed in several facets of this eating experience (such as the craft brews, the USDA choice cuts of meat kept on display when you walk in the door, etc.).  With the right frame of mind and a little bit of a budget flexibility, you will no doubt leave McGuires stuffed and completely satisfied.
Food and service are very good.  I'm not saying it's fantastic...but it's very good.  Part of the allure of dining at McGuire's is the character of the establishment and the employees.  Locals tend to go here occasionally, but not frequently.   You can get a better steak in Destin, and you can get better service.  What you cannot find anywhere near Destin is the unique charm of this establishment combined with very good food and service.  If you'd like to take the entire family out for a very good meal and not have the kids absolutely bored to death before they've finished eating, this is a great choice.   For visitors, this is a light-hearted and fun place that you really must try if you want to go home and tell people you "experienced" Destin.   Try the home brewed beers, and the smoked beef cuts.  They really "do it right."
My favorite steak place in Destin!! The ribeye is perfect and the filet is devine!! They give you way too much food and I get stuffed every time....(I'm a big eater, 6'2" 320lbs)! You gotta try the Irish Boxtys!!
On vacation, we went here twice in five nights. Definitely touristy but reasonably priced. Food is decent and the drinks are strong.
Love McGuires (both locations). I've been a loyal customer since 2003 and have never been disappointed. The food is outstanding and the staff is awesome. If you haven't been to Destin before this place needs to be on your list of places to visit.
I have been coming and going to McGuire's for a good 15 years now between the one in P'cola and Destin i am never short of a good pint nor a great burger, but i have to admit the corn beef and cabbage egg rolls are great and the steak and kidney pie is great, always good, and you can expect a great meal with great service
Irish food that can't be beat! It's stick-to-your-ribs good and comfort with a capital C! We seem to end up dining here on 2-3 occasions during our vacation because there are so many delicious options such as The Shepard's Pie, Bean Soup, Corned Beef & Cabbage, etc. Don't be fooled into thinking it's only Irish food though, the Filet Mignon is melt-in-your-mouth good! The staff is always aiming to please... when we notified our server of our daughter's severe nut allergy they went above and beyond to ensure there was no risk of cross contamination. Their attention to detail far exceeds our expectations every time we go.  Do not hesitate to put this on your list when visiting Destin. OH one more side note...they make their own root beer and beer, AH-MAZNG!
I had a great time during both of my visits to this Pub. Again, the 2nd level, outdoor bar is a lot of fun.
I'll start with the service, our waitress was amazing! She was so sweet and accommodating. She made me feel like I was in her family kitchen and it was awesome. Next, the food... Everything was amazing. We had potato skins and the senate bean soup to start. Both were so satisfying. The soup has such great flavor (and you can't beat 18 cents a bowl!) and the creamy cheese on the potato skins was amazing. No fake cheddar cheese here, they use real delicious Gouda. Our entrees were the fish and chips as well as corned beef and cabbage. Both are amazing but the corned beef was to die for! The mustard sauce on the side is so good I was dipping my spoon in it and eating it by itself! Haha Oh and the root beer that they brew right there is great too. McGuires has a great atmosphere, great food and awesome service. I highly recommend it. Just try your hardest to go before tourist season starts or else you'll be waiting an hour for a table.
This is a great place to have a drink and listen to some live music!  Can't leave without having an Irish Wake, great drink!  I also enjoyed their Light Draft Beer as well!
I didn't really like my burger. I had to add salt and pepper and it still wasn't good. I did taste the Rueben that someone else had and THAT was delicious!
Great music and great service.  We had a good time upstairs at the outside bar!
This place is so unique! Dollars on the ceiling and 18 cent bean soup! Which by the way is delicious, my picky 4 year old ate it up! We ordered the nachos and spinach & artichoke dip. Both were very good. The nachos fed 5 adults with leftovers! I had the naked fish, so good! But by the time our entrees were up... We couldn't even eat it!   Our waiter Shaun was so friendly and helpful!  The wait was average for a party of 10. I would definitely come back!
I had heard a lot of good things about this place, and I love pubs, but this place is really nothing special in my opinion. For one thing it's not really an authentic pub experience but more like a very touristy Irish pub-themed restaurant. The food wasn't bad, but it was overpriced and really nothing special. For all the talk about them having the best steaks, I found their steak very bland -- I've had much better at Outback. Their potato skins and senate bean soup were pretty good, and their honey-glazed bread was terrific. Overall not bad, but not worth the hype, either. Would probably give 2.5 stars if I could. One more note: if you use the restrooms here, make sure you read the signs carefully before entering.... trust me on this.
On Sunday at 11:45 there was no wait for brunch. That is a miracle in Destin with all the tourists. This place is HUGE!!!!!!!!! They took us on a long walk to get to our table and we finally ended up in a dark room that had huge casks for beer. It was pretty cool. They bring out this brown bread covered in honey butter when you order. It was good. We had the Irish Boxtys for an app. They were ok, but they were not traditional and not what I was expecting. They were basically hush puppys with good dipping sauces. For an entree we split a ribeye. It came with a salad and a side. We chose the caesar and asparagus. Both were pretty good. The steak was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. It came on a sizzling plate. LOVED IT. It had a tomato with blue cheese melted on top along with two big crunchy onion rings. It was a very big steak. We were stuffed and took a lot home. They had the full menu minus the prime rib. They also offered brunch which was around $10 and came with an irish coffee for free. That was cool and we will probably partake next time. They also had pitchers of bloody marys for $8 and bottomless mimosas for $4. A guy was playing guitar and singing while we were there also. He was good but the music was making me sleepy in the dark room. It was very very soothing. Good for a nice laid back Sunday morning. :)
Hands down the best place I ate in Destin Florida. Super atmosphere and they brew their own beer. Go! Eat! and be Happy!
This was a great environment. Plenty of food. Was very full. A little pricy but we had plenty of food left over for another  meal. The walls and stuff have dollar bills hanging around. A must stop in Destin.
Good service and good food. Large portions and good quality.  One of my destin favorites.  Pork chop was huge and delicious.
This place is just plain awesome.  Went with a large group who were all cursing at me for suggesting the place (the sweet cabana boy at the hotel suggested it) since it was such a long drive from our hotel.  We had a long wait which didn't help my cause but ended up piling all the adults and kids in the bar area outside the main building during the wait which worked out just fine.  Craft beer was amazing, ambiance was great and the food was fantastic.  The only thing that sucks is how insanely full I feel right now on the long ride back to the hotel.
One my favorite places to eat any where. The Reuben Egg Rolls are soooooo good. A must have. So many things on the menu are great. I never order steaks out this is the only place that I do. I'm just not a steak guy but the Hickory Smoked Prime Rib is melt in your mouth good. Absolutely the best I've ever had. You can never good wrong with the "Pub Fare" part of the menu. Seeing as I only get to eat here twice a year I've never made it to the Burger or Seafood menu, but I've tasted the crab cakes and they are pretty good too. The 18 cent Senate Bean soup is a must have also. I don't care if it's 90 degrees with 85% humidity out you should try this soup.
I lived in Destin but this is one of the touristy places that even locals love. One plate is big enough for 2 people so if you aren't that hungry I would suggest sharing. The burgers are top notch here. Hand crafted with lots of variations on this classic. They do make their own beer here along with their own root beer which is AMAZING. I am drooling right now thinking of it. One of my favorite things here is their Senate bean soup for .10 cents if you order it with an entree and their brown bread with a honey butter glaze. If you are a local or even a tourist you will love this place. I suggest sitting on the upper deck at sunset.
Irish wake!!!! That's all I need to say. The food is also great..
Add us to the many customers who were wowed by incredible food and excellent service. Our waiter Riley went above and beyond to provide us a wonderful experience. Being a super hot day we expected to not only have a long wait to be seated, but to also be hot while eating. We had neither of these issues. Walked right in to be seated and are in comfort. Will definitely come back again and again.
Just had a drink so can't say more than thank god there were great friendly people to steer us toward another joint. Great for tourists but I was there in February so not sure why we met so many locals. They all said the food was good but we didn't want fried food and heavy beer. Only commenting on the McGuire ales that we tried, both tasted like a home brewery experiment. Yuck!
This is a bit of a tourist trap, but one worth visiting. Fun atmosphere, good burgers.
Had the best Ribeye ever! So much flavor and really tender. Do yourself a favor and stop in. The waitstaff will take great care of you, also you'll find the prices are not bad! Enjoy!
About once per month some of our clients come to Destin to do a personal day trading mentorship with me. Even though it seems I am constantly on a diet, lunchtime is always the Monday treat at McGuire's. 18c bean soup to start. Homemade beers are fantastic. It is difficult to order anything but the bar b que prime rib since you can smell it cooking a mile away. I have never left the place without taking something back in a doggie bag. Alex L Wasilewski, CEO Puretick.
Hands the best steak I've ever had. Sounds strange hearing that about an Irish pub but its true. The cup of navy beans are great and I believe they are only a penny. Not sure if the still serve the Irish Wake but those are worth trying just plan on catching a cab!
I've been to McGuire's several times over several years of vacationing in Destin.  Every year I remain impressed and have a great experience.  The restaurant offers a unique experience, offering Prime steaks, excellently prepared, and served by well mannered and attentive servers.  Though the service and steaks are close close to that of fine dining experience, the ambiance is far from it.   Recently, I enjoyed the smoked ribs, which I thought were very good.  My wife enjoyed the fillet, which she had prepared Medium.  It too was properly cooked and ranked high on her list of steaks. Our kids (8 and 6) also enjoyed their time and food.  I look forward to next visit. Overall, I rated this restaurant a 5 star, which I don't take lightly.  There is really something on the menu for everyone.  From top notch steaks which can best Ruth Chris, Morton's, and other well known steak houses, to corn dogs for the kids.  Service is excellent.  Ambiance is fun and relaxed.
This place rocks! Food, drinks, atmosphere! They have wine tasting and dining events sometimes. Last night, I had the Jameson pork chop with apple sauce...wow! I got two nice size chops with a side of apple sauce and asparagus (my side choice, there are many others). The chop was cooked perfectly! This night the place was packed, so good job of the cook to not screw up my food. The waiter wondered off, but my wine glass never got empty, so I guess I'll let him slide. I'll go here over and over again!
If you love Irish food, loud music and cool vibrant atmosphere. . This is for you. I went here with my hubby.. he ordered Shepherd's pie.. he said it is pretty good. And I just ordered nachos since I'm not really hungry. I know.. I know.. it's lame.. for a foodie like me to order nachos. But lemme tell you how surprised I am with their special nachos... It is the biggest.. mountain of nachos that was ever served to me.. my whole life!! So just a warning.. don't order this by yourself..winK!
i grew up in the destin area and i've been going to mcquire's for years, and now it's the default place to hang out with old friends when i'm back in town for the holidays. they're getting 2 stars instead of 1 just because it's the best place to get together with a large group and hang out...and they brew their own beer. about that beer...most of it is pretty mediocre and useless. the porter is actually really good, but the rest is pretty forgettable. the staff is nice, the environment is pretty comfortable. but none of that makes up for poor food and poor beer. biggest pet peeve? i ordered fish and chips and got pan fried talapia and french fries. then after waiting about another 15 minutes to get the server's attention so i could get some malt vinegar, she looked at me like i was crazy. each time i come back to flordia i look for a new place to hang out that has good beer and enough room for a largish group of us to get together. as soon as i find that, i won't ever go back to mcguire's.
This place is a bit of a tourist trap - we went here during the last evening in Destin, Florida and our group of about 18 or so people had mixed reviews on the place, all averaging to "meh". The beer was ok, but nothing to write home about. The burgers were yummy (big daddy and peanut butter received high marks from the group), as was the lamb stew, pork loins and tuna steak. The complimentary honey black bread was also pretty tasty. On the other hand, seafood dishes like the fish boulibasse was a bit of a disappointment, especially for being so close to the marina. Service was also a bit cold.
Great atmosphere. Hearty portions friendly staff. Kid friendly. And mist importantly, delicious food.
A big glitzy tourist trap. If you like "a bunch of crazy crap on the walls" and lots of non-sequitur tchotchkes floating around, this place is for you. The ceiling and walls are plastered with thousands of dollar bills, which is kind of cool. There is also a big moose theme going on, because apparently the moose is native to Ireland. The things you learn. Atmosphere, loud. On this particular night crowd skewed old, so imagine a bunch of drunken 50-60 year old vacationers from parts unknown talking loudly and bunching around the stairwell. They have a line of house brews which are perfectly fine but not a great excuse to not offer anything else. Food seemed pretty standard and there's nothing wrong with getting something hearty like a burger or shepherd's pie, it all seemed perfectly edible. While there were lots of "customizable" options on the menu, it was all the same base dish (burger, sandwich, steak, fish & chips) with the option to pay extra for a few toppings. Not anything distinguishing this place from all the other Taj Mahals that you can find for 50 miles in either direction. This one has an Irish theme, the one down the street will have a scurvy fisherman theme, etc. etc.
AWESOME!  We ate out 10 nights while in Destin... this was the winner, all 17 of our group heartily agree!
This is by far my favorite tourist trap in destin! We used to live in destin and this is the most fun place around there! And its so worth it! One meal will last you at least three meals! And you must get an irish wake, or three.! Haha. This is my favorite place to go for dinner and especially on st. Pattys day! Took all my family that came to visit here. They also have live music. A must try if you are in town visiting
Went in for Mug Club on Wednesday.  The waitress asked us to leave the bar area because we were all mug club and were drinking dollar beers.  This is after we all bought dinner and paid out the shift change server.  I just bought a tee shirt and a friend just bought 2 mugs for the mug club $24 a piece.(which entitles you to a dollar beer)....the server Michelle said we were wasting space.......Told the Mgr he offer to relocate everyone and buy a round of dollar beers.     Really??;???
Definitely a tourist restaurant. After reading reviews, I fell for the trap! I wouldn't say anything here is awful or bad, but I had high expectations before visiting because of the great reviews. My boyfriend and I dined here for a late lunch / early dinner and we had the following: -House-brewed Ale -House-made root beer -Boxtys -Bean Soup -Crab Cake Platter (with salad and mashed potatoes) If you're a fan of buttery, fried, and heavy food, this is your place. Their portions are huge...even the bowl of butter that comes on the side of your black bread topped with honey butter is a mega-portion. We had trouble finishing the boxtys because they were so big and filling, and we struggled with finishing the crab cakes. My boyfriend and I were both disappointed in the ale and root beer...maybe it was the wrong day, but they both were flat. It's not terribly disappointing food, but it's definitely not the best Irish food I have ever had. The best thing in our meal was the bean soup-- at $.18 it's worth a try!
The beer doesn't live up to the ambiance, it's really neat walking in with all the dollar bills and the decor but the beer isn't anything to write home about. The Irish Wave is also overblown, the reuben eggrolls were really good. Mostly seems like a tourist trap, no one was singing along with the band, everyone was just there to eat and leave. Meh. I hear better things about the original location in Pensacola.
Great Irish bar, cool digs. Lots of dollars.  For was good   Big portions.  And prices were in line with the area.  A little cheaper I think.  Best part was 18 cent soup and their own beers.  $3 during happy hour
We were staying overnight in Ft. Walton Beach and we asked the bartender at our hotel where we should go for dinner and she instantly said, "McGuire's!".  We had low expectations as we tried to find a parking spot in the way too small lot that it was just a tourist trap which is exactly what we didn't want.  Looks like an old Bennigans but with dollar bills stapled to the ceiling....weird but cool looking.  Our waitress said there were over 1 million.  We had typical pub fare.  Fish and chips and the best potato skins I have ever eaten in my life.  I'd go back if I'm travelling through.
As others have noted, this is one of the more popular places in Destin.  Calling it a tourist trap is a bit obvious, but we still felt it was worth the trip.  Depending on your expectations, this could be a fun place, or a frustrating letdown. First off, expect to wait. Probably a long time.  But there are plenty of tables outside to hang with your party, and an easy-to-access outdoor bar to help keep your spirits up.  If you are a beer drinker, I suggest trying their ale on tap. Not something I'm going to rave about, but good on a hot evening. Once inside, the first thing you will notice are the $'s hanging everywhere.  I've been to several dives (I mean that with love) that do the dollar bill on the ceiling look, but I've never seen anything like this place. The place kind of feels like a quirky pub that turned corporate, but is still working to retain its character. Finally the food. For us, it's pretty simple. If it wasn't a burger, it wasn't any good (includes steak, Caesar salad).  My burger was decent, but not sure I'd go back for another. Bottom line --if you are out with you buddies and want to grab several drinks and a few burgers, them give this place a consideration. Otherwise, I'd spend my time and mola elsewhere.
Good atmosphere, satisfying pub fare, live Irish music, attentive service. Highly recommend the steak and mushroom pie. Only complaint was too many sorority girls ordering Patron shots and taking copious photos of themselves with the decor.
If you didn't already get this from the other reviews - this place was on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives! AND there's over a million bucks of dollar bills hanging from the ceiling. no joke. Okay, so McGuire's is known for their burgers, but I've experienced them and they really aren't that great. They get such rave reviews and constitute the main portion of the menu, but I found that they aren't anything super special. But, don't get me wrong because I LOVE McGuire's. The atmosphere is fun, the service is pretty good, and their brown bread with honey butter is delicious...I'm just not a fan of their burgers. In my next visit to McGuire's after having tried their namesake, I opted for a grilled chicken sandwich (w. swiss and bacon) instead, which  was much better and is now my usual order there. Maybe it's because I'm not a huge burger person? - I dunno. Definitely give McGuire's a try if you're in the Destin area. It's a nice change of pace from the over-abundance of seafood restaurants.
I give McGuire's Irish Pub only four stars, not five,  judging the Irish Pub theme. The decorations and the atmosphere were definitely Irish Pub like, but the rest was a little bit tourist-y and very cliche. Before we went, we had been told how authentic this pub was. But my husband and I were disappointed with the leprechaun decorations and the music. The music was a bag-pipe soundtrack... for a pub, that just seems unfitting. Especially when there are so many better choices for such a place like Irish Folk music or Celtic punk. And the gift shop, I was expecting to have traditional Celtic gifts and Irish imports, but no, it was a souvenir soup for McGuire's apparel and liquor store. That was a tad disappointing. Also, something that kind of annoyed me- the seating was arranged into smaller rooms with multiple tables per room. Where we were seated, there was a family of six or so with three small children to our left. And a large table of 15-20 guys who were quite belligerent. To have that in front of small children was just weird and inappropriate- especially considering it was dinnertime on a Saturday. But on another note: The food was awesome! Had the Senate Bean Soup and the Reuben Eggrolls for an appetizer. Both were awesome. I had the freshly brewed root beer to drink which was perfect. (I didn't try any alcoholic drinks but friends at the table did and were impressed.) For dinner, I had the Pasta Rustica which was also amazing but I was too full to eat much of it.. but it did make great leftovers! Also had the brownie for dinner and it was wonderful too! Everything was priced well for how much food that is on each plate. Bottom Line: Great Food. Good atmosphere, if you go in expecting a fun tourist-y cliche place. If you want authentic, you may be disappointed. And think twice about bring young kids for dinner.. lunch would probably be a better choice..
The atmosphere alone gives this place 5-stars.  Where else can you go where literally the entire interior of the restaurant is COVERED in dollar bills?  Supposedly over a million dollars worth.   This place is awesome. A definite must-stop if you're in the Destin area.  The food is great, good beer selection, quick service, and the atmosphere is unbeatable.  A great place to grab a bite to eat or just have a beer on the patio.
It is THE DEFINITION of a destination restaurant.  In the middle of seafood restaurants it's a nice change of pace during a week on the beach.  The scene is very unique with dollar bills hanging everywhere.  Wide array of options on the menu and portions are huge. Prescilla was our waitress, she was wonderful, very attentative.   My favorite place in Destin.  Prepare to wait, it's not a secret spot, but well worth your time.
Always stop here or at the one in Pensacola when I am close. The steaks are amazing. For the money, I'm not sure that you can find a better steak in the state, maybe even the region. Irish Wakes are a must for the drink lover.
Good food and atmosphere! Try to leave the little ones at home if possible.
Go, go, go!!! Great atmosphere, always meet people to chat with while waiting for a table.  Libations, great food and it is Irish! Steaks, burgers are the absolute best in Destin.  Prepare to wait for a table, but well worth it.    And if you don't feel like you spent enough money on dinner, head to the gift shop and buy souvenirs!!!
Very odd to find an Irish pub in Destin, but this place is huge.  16oz NY strip was cooked MR to perfection.  Differing menus for lunch and dinner disappointed two in our party that could not order the same item (shrimp salad) they ordered on a previous visit.
McGuires's is like the mother of all Irish pubs/restaurants that ever was, is, and will be. If the Philip J. Fry of Irish pubs went back in time and did the nasty with his Irish pub grandmother, McGuire's would be the awesome end product. Take anything that remotely resembles Ireland or Irish culture and stick it into a massive commercial plot filled with Notre Dame memorabilia and you pretty much have the gist of what McGuire's is. To be more specific, McGuire's is an Irish pub/steakhouse/frat bar/souvenir shop/microbrewery all rolled into one. There's definitely something here for everyone irregardless of age and culture, which makes it an easy choice when you're driving in from the Creestview area and everyone wants to eat something different and you're given the task of making the executive decision. Although I wouldn't quite recommend those of the younger populace to frequent here past eight o'clock, this place is quite family friendly, and rightfully so, for all the tourists that freqent the Destin/FWB area. One caveat with McGuire's is that everything they serve comes out in humongous portions; I ordered their steamed mussels which came piled atop a plate about the size of a regular-sized pizza pan. The calamari that my coworker ordered also seemed too burdensome to be labelled as "appetizers." Don't get me wrong--it may sound like I'm bitching, but this was actually a huge plus, if you disregard the fact that I couldn't finish my amazing lamb stew because I was so full. It's really hard to recommend any one thing out of the menu since they seem to offer a buffet's variety in food. I wouldn't recommend their microbrew since it really isn't anything special; I tried their Red (Amber) Ale and their Porter and didn't really think two much of either. All in all, a great place for family fun--an Irish "pub" without the lingering smell of piss and blood.
Pretty cool place. Worth a visit just for the atmosphere. They actually had a dude walking around playing bag pipes, brew their own beer and actually smoke some of their food. Smoked prime rib was a prime cut, perfect amount of smoke flavor, very tender and juicy.
I LOVE MCGUIRES! :) I'm not from the area but I enjoy coming here often.   First off, very friendly atmosphere and service. They start off the meal with a bread course thats glazed with..some sweet glaze and its DELICIOUS. Theres a huge selection of craft beer but i definitely recommend trying an Irish Wake if you're in the mood to actually get drunk. Cause I was buzzed half way through my first one...granted I quit drinking regularly about a year ago so I'm a lightweight now. I've tried both their salmon and their irish stew to date and both were delicious. The Irish stew especially is just such a large serving of yumminess. Give this place a shot, don't feed into the fact that people think it's a tourist trap. Yeah it sort of is, but it's definitely worth trying out. Also check out their gift shop for great deals on a huge selection of wine.
Absolutely an awesome restaurant!!! Thinking about going 3 nights in a row!!! Walter(Bartender) started us off right and then Tricia(waitress) amazed us with amazing hospitality!!! Definitely an experience in dining we won't forget!!! Shelley & Allen Wr, Ga:)
Let me say this first, I moved into the area not to long ago and everyone old me that I gotta go to McGuire's. I tried to like this place. I really did. A lot of my co-workers like it here and I really saw some potential. Sadly that never really happened. Boy howdy, What a dump McGuires is the "place to go to" in Destin. AKA, it's the only place that's a little bit better than Olive garden and it makes tourists feel cool that they're at an "authentic" Irish "pub" and it's the only place where locals think they can bring their kids for some "culture" and food other than McDonalds. It's the first thing you see driving in from Okaloosa island, this big green glowing eyesore, with a tacky double decor """"British"""" green bus in front. Hork. Makes me flinch just to drive by it. Parking is, and will always be, terrible. I normally got lucky and found something, but  finding a spot is near impossible. There's always taxies everywhere to pick up the drunk fratboys, sluts and military members who get too embarrassingly blasted to drive home. And if you're lucky enough, if you come or leave around 8pm, you can see them falling out of the restaurant yelling and sometimes even fighting. There's always a rowdy group of rednecks or bros outside smoking, trying to act more tough than they actually are. The inside is a messssss. They tried to decorate it in a eclectic way, with dollar bills and fake posters, but it passed the line into tacky. It's also tinted this red color that makes it feel more like a photo dark room than a restaurant. It's also really claustrophobic. The place seems smaller than the people it accommodates in it.  On that note, this is NOT, I repeat, NOT a pub. It's a restaurant with three bars. Calling it a pub is incorrect and an insult to actual pubs. You need to have the patience of a saint. There's 6 tables to every one waitress. You can bet that at least 2 of those tables will have screaming children that will grab the server's attention to shut them up, before you. And it's so, so sooooooo loud in here, you can't even hear the person sitting right across from you. The beer is, well beer. You can't screw up beer. The mixed drinks are really watered down and expensive. I felt robbed when I saw the bartender make their famous "Irish Wake". It's 3/4 orange juice, less than two shots of vodka and some grenadine. So like a sex on the beach, but this will cost you 15$. But you do get to keep your glass. One thing they did get right about Irish pubs, is the food is average to poor. The pizza is fine, but boring and my hamburgers were soggy and bland. It's also very heavy. Like everything is covered in butter and oil. The portions are really huge though. Overall, very forgettable and not a place where you want to be if you're on a diet. It is inexpensive though, 29$ for two isn't that bad. I mean, for average food it is, but... If you're into places like Osaka, you'll LOVE McGuire's. However, if you're looking for good drinks, go to the red door and if you're looking for food... well, if you want something just a little better than Mc, just go to AJ's. Honestly, try anything other than this place. Just go once if you're a local and if you're a tourist, screw you for clogging up 98, I hope you enjoy your Sheppard's pie heat attack. The only time I would ever go back is during St. Patrick's Day.
Parking is a bit of a nightmare after driving round for nearly 10 mins I finally got a spot. Wait for the pub was nearly 45 mins. We were STARVIN! So after about 15 mins decided to just pizza joint on the patio. Man am I glad we did! Build your own pizza and super tasty! Just the right flavor and greasiness for the perfect blend of pizza delight. The kids loved it and stopped the waiter to tell him "my compliments to the chef"
Our last name is McGuire, so of course we had to go in here. My husband is from Ireland, and was in love with this place. They have an awesome pub. The walls are decorated in money with signatures, and posters from ales and different beers. It's a great place to grab a bite, and have a few cold ones. You have to try the Irish Wake, it's one of their famous drinks and it is a limit 3 per customer. You get to keep the signature mason jars they come in, and they are great. They'll get you drunk quick. Although my husband had all 3 and didn't feel much...must be those Irish roots. But I definitely have to say after one I could feel it. They are just great. There food is awesome, and plenty. And it's great prices. We had their calamari, which is fabulous. My sister and niece were with us and they had their big nacho plate, and let's just say that is enough for 4 people and than some. There food is just fabulous. You'll definitely want to come back!
Not your typical beach locale type bar, but I always have a great experience here. The staff is super friendly, and the food/drinks are consistently good at super affordable prices. Good times, indeed!
I have never seen so many $1 bills in my life!  They literally have over a million stapled to the walls and clearly running out of room for more.  I really hope this place never burns down because all of that money would be toast! This place has lots of seating and a decent size menu.  They make their own brews which were pretty delicious. Ordered the Texas chili burger which was way too big and I could only eat half.  Their fries were really tasty!  The service was great! P.s the bathrooms are confusing on purpose so be careful you're entering the correct side!
We'll go back!
Reuben sandwich was huge and tasty. The boxteys were good and not over fried. Fish and chips was good. My only complaint was how dark it was in there. Also the whole time I was looking up at the ceiling wondering how much dust was collecting on the dollars over my head.
We tried McGuire's seafood platter after a horrible experience at Dewey's (not the Harborside).  It made McGuire's seafood platter taste like the last meal on earth.  First, the crowded lot was crazy.  Hubby raced in to see how long the wait was and was overjoyed to find that he could get a table IMMEDIATELY.  So he parked while I went upstairs and waited.  The waitress was nice and asked if we wanted to place an order for our 2 year old immediately so he wouldn't be hungry.  How awesome is that???  He had the corndog kids meal.  I ordered the seafood platter with bean soup and creamed spinach.  The bean soup was surprisingly good - I like soup.  The platter was pretty good and the creamed spinach was a bit undersalted but I could add my own.  Hubby had steak that was touted as the world's best steak for 3 years in a row.  He said that they may have to rethink their voting methods because it wasn't.  It was good.  I tasted some, it was kind of salty.  Not the best in the world.  Atmosphere was cool and the wait was great.  The food was ok.  I would probably come again but it wouldn't be tops on my list.
My entire family went for dinner.  We ordered four lights ales and one red ale.  Unfortunately the light ales were warm (only cool because of the glass) and when we told our waitress, she said she would ask the bartender.  Well the answer we received when she came back was that was how the beer was served.  What??? - this isn't Germany and the red ale was nice and cold.  The food was pretty good and the servings were huge.  Waitress was nice too.  So if you want warm beer and pretty good food, I would recommend this place.
My Air Force son took his parents to McGuires for dinner. Good guacamole/jack burger. OK crab cakes. Good calamari appetizer. Irish Car bomb after dinner ending the evening on a nice note. Jenny, our server, was very pleasant and attentive. Would go again. Lots of fun.
We went here for St. Patrick's Day, and it was CRAZY!  Like the kind of crazy that you need a drink (or two) to deal with.  Thankfully, they had an Irish Wake bar set up right outside.  Plus you can keep the mason jar it comes in.  Kitschy and delicious. They don't have a ton of vegetarian options, but the few are really good.  The boxtys were superbly fried balls of mashed potatoes.  REALLY YUMMY!  The spinach artichoke dip was also amazing... even the accompanying chip were good.  Both items were very sizable portions-- don't be afraid to share.  They have a side salad which could be a meal itself.  AND if you managed to save any room for dessert, try the bread pudding.  I thought it was pretty standard as bread puddings go, but the whiskey sauce really made it special.   I tried not to think about how dirty money really is as I was surrounded by dollar bills, but that all melted away once the food came.  And the boxtys were so good, we had to stop here a second time before leaving Destin.
Best best best Irish food. Must try authentic Irish lamb stew, BBQ ribs, shepherd's pie, Irish boxtys, and of course Irish Wake.
This place is pretty good for an Irish pub, ordered shrimp salad, very fresh, given lots of shrimp, the hamburgers are huge, one person def can't finish it, fish and chips were delicious, nachos were very good too, huge portion. Overall food is average but good. As for the pub, they do not carry Guinness Irish beer which is weird, they make their own. Bartenders are very attentive and make really good drinks, free fresh popcorn at the bar. They also have specials on some nights, went on Thursday night ladies drink for free, all well drinks, lots of fun and good bartending.
The greatest restaurant/bar ever. Best steaks I've ever had. Their own brew is great, especially the red. Rich mcduff is always great. Wait staff is incredible. I've never had a bad meal there. Burgers are steak burgers and u can get whatever you want on them. By far, my favorite place to eat, drink and be merry! You will love the atmosphere there.
We only spent a day in Destin and this was the only place we were able to stop in and eat at. The atmosphere is very irish bar/restaurant and very cool. There are $1 bills hanging everywhere on the walls, the ceiling; all over. When you visit, you are supposed to sign one and hang it yourself. Cool concept and the waitress told us there was around $1.3 million in bills in the whole place. We needed a good pick-me-up after wasting our time/money on a terrible "snorkel" tour. We had a late lunch - around 3:30pm. It was still fairly busy so that was a good sign - they are popular, and it's hard to be popular with bad food. The food was a little slow to come out but nothing major. We ordered the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer and it was excellent. The chips that come with the dip were fluffy pita chips, I believe, and they were a welcome surprise over just regular chips. Oh, and there's the $0.18 Senate Bean Soup. Get it!! They give you a large portion and it really is only 18 cents if you include it with your meal. It was DELICIOUS and probably my favorite part of the meal. I had the naked fish and chips and the fish was cooked perfectly. The "chips" are thick, homemade potato wedges that were good as well. I enjoyed McGuire's very much and would like to go back try some more things on their expansive menu if I'm ever back in the area.
This is a great place.  You know from the start when you have to tour the parking lot several times just to get a parking space any afternoon or night..  Very popular place for drink and food with an Irish touch in the decor, the food, and the musical entertainment.  I have to say that this has to have one of the best burgers in town.
I went here for a bachelorette party.  There was a very large group of us and they accommodated us at this huge round table with a big lazy susan in the middle which was a really nice touch. The drinks were ridiculously tasty. First of all during happy hour I was able to get a legit red bull (not fake red bull disguised as real red bull) and vodka for $3. Then I had some cheesecake martini which tasted like dessert. So good. Let me start off by saying the portions are HUGE. More than enough to feed two people. The food was also ridiculously delicious and we each got something different.  The bread was so good and it had honey drizzled on it. YUMMMMM. For my entree I got the Tuna Steak with Sesame Seeds.   It was the second best tuna steak I've ever had in my life (#1 was in New Orleans) but man they came real close.  Since I had noshed on so much food before hand, including sampling my friends entrees (all of which were amazing), I took my dinner home.  I ate it as hangover food later that night after we returned from our night out with the bride. :) You'll read a lot of reviews about the dollars on the ceiling. This was really special as our bride got to commemorate her day by stapling one to the ceiling. Such a fun place and the service was hilarious and very attentive for all of us. Loved it.
Great Place for dinner or drinks. The food was awesome, recommend any steak as it is all PRIME. Service was outstanding. One of the best atmospheres I have seen in a restaurant. Go early or be prepared to wait a bit for a table since this place is popular. Only downside (very minor) was a bit of a longer wait for dinner because it was soooo busy.
Awesome place to eat. Reuben is really good, and the boxies are awesome as well! It has a great atmosphere, the beer is fantastic, and the waiting staff are always professional.
I had the Big Daddy Burger and oh my god it was phenomenal! And if all else fails you can go next door to Vinnie Mcquires, get a pizza and still be happy! Wow this place was great.
We visit Destin a few times a year and this is always a tradition. The food is great, with 5 of us, we've had a good variety of dishes and have never been disappointed. Even on busy nights, which is most of the time, the wait to be seated is minimal. They are a very well run & efficient restaurant. Our last visit, 8/13/13, was surprisingly disappointing. The food was wonderful, however the service was horrible. Our drinks were not refilled, we had to ask for things several times. She even asked if we had saved room for dessert, we replied Yes and she walked off only to bring us one brownie 10 minutes later. She never asked WHAT we wanted. It  was almost comical, except we wasted an hour and a half as our meal was delivered in spurts. Lets hope this is not a normal thing. We may or may not return, it certainly won't be our first choice.
McGuire's is absolutely amazing! One of my favorite places to eat on the Emerald Coast. The staff is super friendly, and the food is amazing! Ladies Night is on Thursdays, so it gets PACKED around 10pm. Make sure you're there early if you want a decent seat! Walter is an amazing bartender and will always serve you up a good, strong drink or a great beer! McGuire's Irish Red is fantastic, and the Christmas Ale is to die for! I've never had a bad experience here, and I will recommend it time and time again!
Based on recent reviews we knew to expect the wait. Gave us a chance to get an Irish red and root beer along with the sampler appetizer. All was very good. Especially the pizza egg rolls. My fiancé and daughter got chicken sandwiches which were huge and tasty. They especially loved the fries. The senate bean soup is excellent. My son got the pizza burger but discovered he did not like pizza toppings on a burger. Still it looked huge and all 3 brought home left overs. Me? I got the Prime Rib special. It came out perfect at medium to medium rare. The horse radish side very creamy. With a large wedge salad and baked potato. The meal was a resounding success. Our server Danielle is in her 2 nd week there. She did a great job keeping us attended too. Got us a stapler so the kids could stamp their dollars. We will come back again.
Food was good, beer was great. Parking a little tough unless you park way in the back or get lucky and get a spot as someone else is pulling out.
This place is great.  The microbrewed beer is awesome.  I loved the porter and stout.  The old-fashioned is a great session beer.   They have huge portions of food.  I'm a big eater, and I was unable to finish my meal.  We had the potato skins for an appetizer.  They were cheesy and had great flavor.   I ordered the Big Daddy burger with cheddar cheese, bacon, and jalapenos (the one featured on the food network), and it was delicious.  It was perfectly cooked.  My husband had the Reuben and was only able to finish half of it.  All in all, we had another full meal from our leftovers.  Don't miss this place! The night we were there, they had a cute, super funny Irish singer.  The service was quick, too, even though it was pretty crowded.
McGuires has possibly the best of anything in Destin. Don't miss it. However, take a flashlight or wear a miner's hat with a light,  it's so dark in there you can hardly see. And the older you get, the worse it is. On a beautiful Destin day, I'm hard pressed to waste the time in the dark regardless of the best food there. And off season, they have wonderful lunch specials. Can't say one bad thing about the food.
The Mahi Mahi was perfect! The Irish Wake is the most potent and delicious drink I have ever had!
I love this place and enjoy the food as often as possible. They are always serving greasy and fabulous American Irish food. The atmosphere is wonderful outside and in, and I have a favorite table I sit at after a long day of water sports to enjoy the scenery as well. Never change what works.
Loved it.  We went for lunch and I wish we had found this place sooner.  Got there about 11 and were seated immediately.  Food portions are large and perfectly prepared.  Service was fabulous.  Our table of 10 shared the blue cheese chips ( fabulous), then I had a bowl of bean soup ( fabulous), then the fish and chips ( fabulous), perfectly battered and fried but not the least bit greasy.  Can't wait to go back.
If in the area you must check this place out. The senate bean soup is great but the highlight is the smoked prime rib without a doubt the best ever
Nothing fancy, but you get a whole lot of good food. Beer is good
Come hungry...leave happy! It just doesn't get any better than McGuire's! From the hot black bread with honey butter poured over the top to the PHENOMENAL melt-in-your-mouth PRIME steaks...I was quite impressed! Cheery, accommodating server who impressed as well! The only disappointments were that my stomach wasn't larger and that we didn't go there sooner (so that we could've made a return visit)!  It's a true gem these days when you find great food & service at the same place! Looking forward to my next trip to Destin! :)
Truly a excellent experience all around!   Excellent staff, service, food, drinks, and atmosphere!  The prime rib was to die for and drinks were fantabulous!
This s a fun, interesting bar/restaurant for all ages and ethnicities -probably the most diverse place we've been to in Destin (refreshing!).  We sat at the bar - the service was fantastic - the guys there are completely on top of things and are top rate.  My husband and I each had a burger and in a word -DELICIOUS!!  Tasty, plentiful and grilled perfectly.  If you are looking for a place to watch football it isn't that great as the TVs aren't plentiful but it can be done, you just have to be a bit strategic about where you sit.  Totally worth the little bit of trouble given the atmosphere, food and service!  Will definitely be going back.
Being the number one recommended restaurant on Yelp for Destin, I was expecting good things. Also, with it being the number one recommended location it was packed. Waited an hour for a table, however, McGuire's has a really good outside patio area where you can start off your meal with drinks and appetizers/pizza. The two beers we tried were good (Porter and Fruit). My favorite item on the menu was the spinach and artichoke dip. It's a huge portion with homemade tortilla chips. Very yummy and very filling. After finishing our pre-dinner I was not all that hungry, so I only ordered a Caesar salad for my entree. The salad was average with a little too much dressing for my taste. Given the giant size of all the dishes here I would bring an appetite or recommend sharing. Definitely worth a visit for dinner.
This McGuires is just as good as its Pensacola location. Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere. I highly recommend it.
McGuire's can make the closed corners of your mouth curl up at the ends and it can make your lips form the shape of a donut.  A donut very much in love... The ceiling littered with vertical-hanging dollar bills transforming a bland wooden ceiling into a lush and dense forest of money is the first thing that may steal your eyes' attention.  The next may be the famed moose head on the wall that you are supposed to plant one on as a virgin visitor in the same fashion of the Blarney Stone.  The third may very well be the artistically crafted dollar bill stapled next to your table with the words BONER written across it.   My favorite, clever piece of entertaining decoration was the bathrooms.  The red-horned devil in me reviled in seeing the flush-faced, down-trodden woman scurrying past me to the women's restroom as I ambled out.  The restrooms are marked to deceive, so you must pay attention.  "WOMEN," it says in large letters,"do not go in here, this is the men's room," it whispers in an innocuous font.  Once you enter the swinging doors, you are assaulted by the neon green signs that boldly yell "This is the Men's Room" and the opposite spits at the men trying to enter the women's.  Fortunately, my kind waiter, Matt, did not throw me to the wolves as did the waiter of the unfortunate rosy-cheeked woman. McGuire's is for fun and mischief, but don't mistake the food here for being a joke as well.  It is exemplary.  The steaks are impeccably chosen cuts of meat, seared to perfection and paired with a hearty baked potato complete with condiment cart.  The dark bread is soft like a foam pillow, fresh and warm, drizzled with a honey sauce.  The fried mashed potato balls are the perfect appetizer for a mouth weary of healthy foods. A peek into the menu shows a playground for pregnant women's cravings with the chocolate fudge sundae burger, the peanut butter and jelly burger and the garbage burger which McGuire's proudly proclaims as, "Terribly disgusting". These creations, however, are no laughing matter to the woman ravaged by hormones. Outside McGuire's, you may be alarmed by the disturbing bus filled with mechanized mannequins that sits eerily illuminated at the forefront of the shopping center.  A look to the top of the restaurant reveals an open air patio deck which you can settle into and enjoy your evening on. Whatever McGuire's is, I have never been to a place quite like it.  It's entertaining, satisfying, and provoking.  It's also Irish.
if you come here you have to get an Irish Wake, which is pretty much a green screwdriver. after 2, you should be tipsy. the food here is ok. i had the shepard's pie here cuz i loove shepard's pie but its way too salty here and gave me a really bad tummy ache. DONT GET IT!! there are dolla dolla bills hanging all over the place. so feel free to add to the collection. beware when you go to the bathroom, the signs may trick ya if  you don;t carefuly read the fine print. there was  a lawsuit about the signs but luckily McGuire's got the keep them up.! sometime they have barley wine here  and its really good. bartenders are really nice too. i came where with friends and the place was dead and  he told us we looked bored, so he pulled out trivia pursuit cards and told me free drinks for the right answers..haha. we never got any free drinks but it kept us entertained and made some friends along the way.
Definitely one of my favorite local places.  Almost everyone that comes to visit us goes here for dinner the first night they are here.  Their beers are amazing.  I love their stout and my husband usually goes for the Irish red.  Their stout is not quite as full as Guinness, but still very flavorful.  Currently, they have a wheat beer for the seasonal and it is also amazing.  If you have never been here (and someone else is driving) you must try an Irish Wake.  I can only drink about 1.5 of those and still be functional.  They cut you off at 3.  The Emory Chenoweth is also pretty delicious and it comes with a free t-shirt and a great buzz! Food: I have tried many things from the menu, and I have not come across anything I didn't like.   The Senate Bean Soup is 18 cents if purchased with an entree.  It is pretty thick and has a smokey bacony flavor.  Very delicious and worth every cent.  ;-)   Irish Bleu Chips are my favorite appetizer, but you better have like 10 friends who like blue cheese to help you eat them!  These can be taken in a doggy bag.  I reheat them in the oven. Calamari is always a crowd pleaser.  Theirs is good.  The chili sauce puts a different spin on it than a marinara like most places serve it with. Nathan McGuire's Supreme Nachos are another one you will need about 10 friends to help you.  These are so messy, the server puts down a cloth napkin down on the table and sets the plate on it.  It is a mess of Mexicany goodness. The Combo Snack Plate is great to eat if you're drinking and need a plate of deep fried deliciousness.  It is pretty typical with mozz sticks, chicken, boxtys, and things like that. If you are ordering entrees, your server will bring Irish Honey Black Bread.  It is the most amazing bread with a sweet honey glaze.  I usually don't even use the butter, but my husband says that they have the best whipped butter. I almost always order the green salad, which is a giant sized dinner salad that comes with most of the entrees.  It does have dried cranberries on it, which is pretty unique.  I really like their seasoned croutons, too. Yellow Fin Tuna Steak is one of my favorite entrees.  It has kind of an Asian fusion type flavor.  Very good.  I ordered mine rare and it melts in your mouth. Dublin Seafood Platter is a good one to choose if you haven't tasted the seafood in this area.  All of the seafood tastes so fresh, especially the shrimp.  One of the best fried seafood platters I've had in the area. The Irish Fishmonger's Bouillabaisse is pretty good.  I ordered it on my first trip here, but I haven't again.  I think there are a lot of other things on the menu that overshadow it. Molly's Cut Filet Mignon.  AMAZING!!  This is the best filet I have ever had.  I order it medium rare and you hardly have to chew.  I recommend the garlic mashed potatoes on the side.   The Smoked Prime Rib is absolutely great!  You can smell it smoking as you walk into the restaurant. I discovered the Jameson Pork Chops when I wanted to try something different one night.  I don't typically order pork chops when I go out to eat, but I was sure glad I did the couple times I ordered these!  The Irish Whiskey Glaze they put on it is so yummy!  And the applesauce that comes with it is also great. They have some crazy burger combinations.  Some pretty run of the mill cheddar and bacon to Skippy peanut butter burger.  And like everything else at McGuire's, it is a GIANT burger.  3/4 lb burger.  I usually get the fries if I have a burger, but the hubby has ordered the baked beans before.  Both are excellent choices.  I really want to try the Grand Burger before I move out of the area.  It will happen! I have never ordered my own corned beef & cabbage, but I tried some of my Dad's when he ordered it.  Don't tell my Mom, but I think McGuire's might do it better... Mom has ordered the Lamb Stew and loved it.  I am not wild about lamb, so I didn't try it. My Mom and husband swear by the Shepherd's Pie.  And for good reason.  It is one of the most amazing things you can find at this restaurant. At our most recent dinner trip to McGuire's I ordered the Steak and Mushroom Pie.  So so so so so good!  I was kicking myself for never ordering it before.  It comes with the flaky pastry crust on top that is decorated with a little shamrock shape.  Under the pastry the steak and mushrooms are in a little cast iron pan with a stout flavored glaze.  Pairs beautifully with McGuire's Stout. The Reuben Sandwich is an absolute monstrosity of a sandwich.  You have to practically unhinge your jaw to eat it.  Every part of this sandwich is fabulous!  I dare you to try and eat the whole thing. I have never ordered the Brewer's Sausage Plate, but my husband has.  It comes with about 4 sausages, sauerkraut, and potato salad.  Plus a free beer!  It's like the McGuire's value meal! Crocked Onion Soup was a new discovery.  Very oniony!  Loved it!! And if you're from the area join the Mug Club.  $1 beers on Wed!
I can't explain it but something about this place was not for me. First off the menu was limited. The only thing I wanted was chicken tenders....not on the menu which is weird at a pub, luckily when we inquired if it was on the kids menu we were told it was and we could order it. Walked through two rooms with hanging money from the ceiling, creepy and dark. Only thing I could think about was how dirty money is and how as a food establishment wasn't it against some type of health code to have it all hanging down like that. Then our party is in a room that looks like a church, with an actual microphone and palpate, very strange, now I'm thinking "do people get married here"? My friend ordered spinach dip that in my opinion was the worst I tasted and the chips were super weird. Kind of pastry like, reminded me of someone taking a taco salad shell and making huge triangles out of it. Some were even green. The chicken tenders ended up being what you'd expect.
Wow sums up the dinner my family of 5 just had!!!  With very different tastes to satisfy, Mcguire's Irish Pub of Destin hit all 5 of us wonderfully.  The Shepherds pie was simply amazing, perfectly seasoned, piping hot & delicious to the very last bite. Dublin should be proud. My son had the blackened Mahi-Mahi and loved it. The home brewed root beer was a big hit too. Our server, Jessica, was amazing. Very courteous, witty and fun.  I will absolutely be back for more when in Destin again.
Definitely geared towards tourists.  The reuben sandwich was massive and the drink specials were great!
If you find yourself on the redneck riviera tired from a day of sun burn, Miller Light, Outlet Malls, Jorts and fat white women in stirrup pants then you deserve an evening at McGuire's. They do a few things really well, pour stiff drinks, and serve great bar food. In the sea of unoriginal canned restaurants that populate Destin this one stands out as a truly great original.
The NY Strip is great!!!  The service is ALWAYS great!!!  The beer gets me drunk and I am happy going there, especially late night.  I never have to worry about not getting a late night bite on a slow Sunday.
Truth be told, I judge a place by its burger menu. And when I see the "classic lineup", I lose interest. So when I turned to the burger section at McGuire's and saw the chart of burgers they offer, like the Sundae Burger, I called their bluff and ordered something off-the-wall, expecting...well, I don't know what I was expecting when I ordered the peanut butter burger. But I got exactly what I ordered. Peanut butter, on a beef patty, in a bun. Fries and lettuce and tomatoes and all that on the side. Didn't need it. It was the best thing I've ever tasted. The rest of my table got different things, the Reuben, the Pizza Burger, someone got a ribeye, and nobody had any complaints. In fact, I think everyone was too excited to be there to really think about the food. So if that says anything, then there's your review.
Their food is great and they have the best ribs ever!  We go here probably 2 times a week when we are in Destin.
Not bad, not bad at all. Atmosphere is that of a typical "Irish" pub in the United States, except there are signed dollar bills hanging EVERYWHERE in the restaurant, and I mean EVERYWHERE. I ordered their signature cocktail, the "Irish Wake," which promises to knock you dead.  I believe it had blue curacao, Bacardi 151, orange juice, and... something else in it, but I don't remember what.  They apparently limit you to three per person, although our waitress said something about one of her customers finishing four on one occasion.  Anyway, it was pretty good, and when I say a cocktail is "pretty good," it generally means that you can barely taste the alcohol (despite there allegedly being a lot in there).  You can take home the mason jar that it comes in, too. As an appetizer, we got Irish Boxtys, which are breaded balls of mashed potato, deep fried.  They were quite tasty, and came with three dipping sauces: Salsa, guacamole, and horseradish... a big enough choice to fit most people's tastes. I was in the mood for a reuben, so that's what I ordered.  At $9, it was about average-to-very-slightly-expensive for a reuben in a restaurant like this, but it was COLOSSAL.  Biggest one I've ever eaten.  Came with some pretty tasty homemade chips. If you're in the mood for some American (with some Irish) pub fare, this is the place to go in Destin.
I don't know what traditional Irish food is but I can certainly tell you how good their filet Mignon is. I had it the first I went in March and I had it again last night. I was very happy both times. My husband was also happy with his food, bouillabaisse.
Whenever I see someone giving a bad review to a restaurant in Destin because "It's such a tourist trap", I think to myself , "Just where exactly do you think you fucking are?  the entire city is a goddamn tourist trap"   We went to McGuire's during a vacation to Destin where we CAMPED in a TENT for 7 whole days. Needless to say, we went out for food and drinks quite a lot.  Compared to a lot of restaurants in the area, McGuire's has some pretty reasonable drink specials.  I think we went on margarita night and I got drunk for a good 10 bucks. Oh, the food. My sister and I split an order of potato skins, and it might be the alcohol and the fact that we've been sleeping in a tent in 90 degree weather and eating Chef Boyardee right out of the can everyday talking, but they were some of the most delicious potato skins I have ever placed in my mouth. My girlfriend unwillingly got a Cesar salad, and while I won't hold it against our waiter, since my girlfriend is very shy and soft spoken when ordering, he kind of fucked up this order.  But no matter, she accepted the Cesar salad and it ended up being pretty fucking awesome for a salad. Oh shit, and they brew their own beer. I had the raspberry. Pretty awesome I will be returning when I go on my yearly vacation to Destin!
Delicious! Great food, drinks, and atmosphere...favorite dining spot of vacation!
So if its $.18 bean soup, how do I blow through $50 at this place for dinner?  Oh yeah, the soup, a ginormous plate of nachos and a huge vat of Shepard's pie along with a pitcher of Scotch ale for the 5 bros at the table and $50 is gone.  Still way cheaper than it would've been in CA. A great place for dinner.  The $1 bills are neat at first but get creepy after you stay there for a couple of hours.  Eating around that much money (almost a million dollars in $1 bills) made me think that I was eating in Scrooge McDuck's money safe from Ducktales.  My inner 7 year old did get excited about it though.  The portion sizes of all of the dinners were huge.  Bobbi, our waitress was fantastic too I've been to a couple of Irish Pubs around the world.  What made McGuire's stand out is that its got great food.  And the emphasis is on the food.  I like that.  If your into it, you can drink anywhere.  But there are limited places to get great Irish food.  McGuire's is one of them.
Horribly overpriced and really disappointing food! We waited 2 hours! When we began to question how much longer it would be, it became painfully clear they didn't even try to find our large party a table. The only redeeming qualities were the awesome waitress (blonde...Allison I believe) and the older lady working her tail off at the bar outside. Please save yourself the headache of trying to park and wait your whole life for greasy, ridiculously over priced pub food. TOURIST TRAP!
As a local, I want to love this place, but every time I return I wonder why.  The service is OK, the food is OK, it is loud and dark.  The burgers and the bar are its best assets. Locals know to come for Mug Club, and the burger has been voted best on the emerald coast. Aside from those two redeeming qualities, this is mostly a place for tourists who get a kick out of looking at all the dollar bills hanging everywhere and shopping in the gift shop.
Best Burgers I ever had. Fran
McGuire's is classified as a pub, but it's really more of a gigantic restaurant. The atmosphere is a bit kitschy, with the hallmark being the dollar bills that are affixed to almost every wall and ceiling in the place. Aside from showing that money really is just pieces of paper, it is sort of cool to see some of the pictures of the different fighter pilots who have wandered through this place; they have their dollar bills with the accompanying picture near the front. The menu is souped up pub fare: burgers and fries, oh my. Plus a few extras, amongst which is the 18 cent Senate bean soup (As a sign of the times, even the menu can't help but take a shot at Washington. They note that they've held this price since 1977, while the Senate has raised their price to $2.97, ending with the jibe "...but we all know Washington can't control costs"). Searching through the appetizers, we asked the waiter which was healthier: the Irish Bleu Chips covered in Bleu cheese or the Potato Skins with Gouda cheese and bacon. His look was incredulous and his answer was along the lines of: "I don't think anyone in their right mind would call either of these healthy. I suppose the chips may be slightly better because they're flash fried instead of deep fried, but God help you if you think that either of these may be good for you. But they're both really tasty." We appreciated his candor. And the Irish Bleu Chips really were good. For the meal, I went with the Texas Chili and Chedder burger with steak fries. They're famous for their burgers which are hearty and take up the whole plate. Fortunately with the fries, I was able to scoop up much of the chili and have a nice hamburger/chili fries experience. Don't come here unless you're hungry. They also have their own microbrews here and I went with the McGuire's Porter. I think it compares well to other Porters and is worth a try. Overall, a pretty nice restaurant/semi-brewpub experience. Not for the health conscious.
Went on St.Patty's. Was very crowded, but nice atmosphere. Had to stand tho-no seats available! Recommended with a bunch of friends.
On the third night of my week long training in Destin, we all gather at McGuire's for dinner. I'm a big fan of Irish and the menu for McGuire's looked much appetizing than other choices. Just have to give a big shot out to our waiter, Alan. He served 17 people without missing a beat. Everyone got the food at the same time and no one got the wrong food - very impressive!!! The portions were large and the prices were very reasonable. For those who are big micro brew fans, McGuire's is your place!!!
Were still talking about how great dinner was last night. I got the 12oz filet mignon cooked to perfection with plenty enough to share with my 8yr old steak lover.It comes with a salad and I ordered the ceasar, you can ask for anchovies on top too. Did the beer sampler($1.50) and liked the old fashioned one so much i ordered 2 more.my husbands fav was the rasp wheat. Kids meal is only 4.95 includes meat choice, orange slice and cookies. I wouldn't order the creamed spin again,ive had better. My husband had the ribeye and it was wonderful,he admitted it was better than his own and that says alot! The baked potatoes are huge with a nice salty coating and all the toppings served on the side in huge ramekins. It was a great experience overall. Great atmosphere but get there early because theres always a wait! Cute gift shop too with quirky Irish sayings and bottles of wine and champagne at good prices. Theres another location in Pensacola that's just as good too(we went there in 2009)
I visited Destin for the first time this past August and decided to take a trip here since it was recommended by a friend. I was thoroughly pleased! The wait took a little while but since it was just my friend and I, it wasn't unbearable. We decided to take a seat at the bar to wait. Best night to come since they had their martinis on special! My friend and I decided to try different ones, I had the key lime pie and it was delish! Prices were amazing, only $3 per a good sized martini! We then decided to try the s'mores martinis. BEST IDEA EVER! They were sooo good and I think by the end of our dinner we had each had 3 of those. They are the perfect blend of chocolate, marshmallow, and graham cracker. They each come with a few floating baby marshmallows and a graham cracker lined rim. I don't know what liquor they used, but you could faintly taste the alcohol. It was perfect. For dinner, my friend had the salmon, which she loved. I tried a bite and it was perfectly smoky and the glaze was super savory. I had the Irish Steak and Mushroom Pie. The flavors were so rich and flavorful. The steak tips were perfectly tender and the mushrooms had a great flavor. It was a tad bit salty at times but eating a carrot or two to tone down the salty was the trick for me. The house-made crust was super flaky and soft. I was in heaven the whole time eating it! The service was very attentive and great. Our server was easy to chat with and she seemed on top of things considering it was pretty busy when we got there. The atmosphere is very loud and fun. You can tell by the decorations that it is a very "pub-like" setting. The ceiling is covered with dollar bills, I have yet to figure out the story behind that. My friend and I thought it would be hilarious to sign the swordfish decoration on top of the bar, so we did. Hopefully it will be there forever. Several other people had signed the fish too! Overall, great atmosphere, great food, and awesome martini specials! I would definitely go back if I am in Destin again!
Started out with an Irish Wake, they are not kidding these may do you in for the night. Good news is the next day you have a mug to take home when you finally wake up at 3pm. Never had an Irish Boxty, now I want to find some where I live too. I forgot the name of them the next day, all I could remember was awesome mashed potato balls. Also had the shepherd's pie, looked impressive, but mine came out a bit cold. They quickly fixed the problem and it turned out to be the best Shepherd's pie I have ever eaten.I will do my best to try and find another that is in the same league.  They now have a pizza place next door that closes earlier than the main bar but the bartender was awesome. From what we heard they started the whole dollar bills tradition that you will see everywhere you go in Destin. Great place to go for atleast a bite to eat and a drink, but I have a feeling you will end up staying longer than expected.
If you are thinking about eating at this tourist trap, I highly advise you to turn around and eat ANYWHERE else. It is also about at Irish as a street market in Bangladesh. Apparently many awards have been given to this black hole of an eatery. McGuire's must have paid them off with the "half a million dollars" tacked to the walls and ceiling... The food was not only cold, but absolutely tasteless in every single way. If you are going to go here for any reason at all, the Boxtys are the ONLY thing edible on the menu...sadly. Their house brewed beer was flat and had the slightest tinge of cleaning solution. The house brewed root beer tasted the same, only this time with a tinge of artificial sweetener. The friendly staff was not enough to give this awful eatery more than one star. Overall, terribly overrated bland food for the wasted beach-goer. Do not waste your time.
Just had a family meal at Maguire's. Let me start with the food was good. As usual. However, when planning to eat at Maguire's you need to be patient and willing to accept the fact that Maguire's IS a pub in a vacation resort town. It is painfully obvious that the staff is aware of that fact. On all occasions but one the service from the wait staff has been less than stellar. That could be because most of the people they serve are vacationers who will most likely not return. However in January, the guests are locals. So, you would think they would put a little more effort in to attending their guest's needs. Refills for example, shouldn't have to be asked for from a server who rarely checks on you. Despite that, we still attend because the family enjoys the home brewed root beer and ambiance. Just don't look up too often and worry about the dust on the fan blades falling into your food or brush any part of your body along the walls for fear of cutting yourself on all of the dollar bill staples.
The burgers did not disappoint. At 3/4lb, they made a hefty meal. I had mine with grilled mushrooms and onions. It was delicious. The steak fries were awesome. I couldn't pass up the 18 cents navy bean soup for its price. The soup was on the salty side, but still quite tasty and filling. If I were to go back, I'd skip to soup and just tackle the burger. I could only finish half of my burger. The wait for a table at dinner time on a weekday night in took awhile. We had kids in our party, so they didn't let us sit at the bar tables.
Great food, great service.  Had such a blast.  Will visit again soon
This place is ABSOLUTELY fantastic. If you are in the Destin area and you are looking for high quality food, service, great atmosphere, and prices that don't make you want to gouge your eyes out, come to McGuire's. The prime rib here is hickory smoked daily and just a dream to eat, as are all the rest of the steak cuts, especially the ribeye! Your meal will come with rye bread, similar to outback, except in the fact that that bread is made by angels. It is a heavenly brown cloud of goodness. It comes with honey butter as well. Try not to ruin your appetite eating it though. The potato skin appetizers are amazing. I am getting hungry thinking about eating here again tonight! They have a variety of burger plates that range with traditional bacon and cheese to peanut butter and hot fudge burgers. Talk about interesting! The calamari is really good, and a friend of mine said the fish and chips were just divine. She could not stop talking about it the next day. Let's not forget all the drink specials. Check out the menu, everyday is a different special. My whole group got the Irish Wake. It is a strong drink that comes in a mason jar you get to keep. This place is so much fun and taking big groups there is no problem! This is the only place on the beach that didn't charge us all automatic gratuity. It is just all around greatness!
This was our second visit to McGuire's, the first being 2 years ago. We really enjoyed it then, so we brought our friends this year. Service was still great, and so was the food. Everyone was very happy with their meal. I feel the prices are reasonable, as well. This is a place I will continue to return to each time I go to Destin.
This place is one you have to visit while in Destin.  It has a lot of character, their in-house beers are excellent and their menu has something for everyone, including some very impressive seafood choices.  Many people think they wouldn't want to go to an Irish Pub while on the 'Coast.  Well, you need to.  The most remarkable place about McGuire's is the VALUE.  The food is really, really good, the portions are huge, yet the prices are extremely reasonable.  Any time we're trying to think of somewhere to eat, this place always comes up. And while some people may argue this, I can say with confidence that they have the best BBQ ribs EVAR.  If you like ribs you must have these.  In addition, they have fantastic burgers, all of which are well prepared and delicious.  This is also a great place to get seafood.  And let's not forget the Irish fare.  I'm telling you, everything on the menu is worth trying! This is definitely the Emerald Coast's Jack of All Trades.  If you're around, you have to eat here.
I can understand some of the negative reviews since this place can be a hit or miss. The best time to go is in the winter, when tourism is down and it's mostly a local hang out. I've never been happy with the lunch menu, as it tends to be bland and the wait staff acts annoyed, however at night when the chefs come in and wait staff is rotated, the place has a totally different feel. There has been times when I had to send my orders back, but they always made things right, so no complaints there. This place definitely isn't a traditional Irish Pub, or a traditional restaurant, it has it's own thing going on, which so far has worked for them. And BTW, they have the best Pina Colada I have ever tasted.
McGuire's Destin is the Pensacola original's younger brother.  Having been to both several times, I can honestly say that Destin's takes the prize, but only because of its rooftop section.  While the view of the harbor and the gulf beyond is mostly gone (thanks to an enourmous condo development right across the street from McGuire's), the view of the island and the bay and the pass is still breathtaking.  Cool breeze off the water, a bar, live music, and the same menu you get downstairs make the roof your best option when dining at McGuire's Destin. Everything on the menu is amazing.  The steaks (they have an especially good prime rib), boxties, beer (several types brewed on location), 18c Senate Bean Soup, ribs, burgers, and Shepard's Pie are all very good.  I haven't tried everything on the menu, but I doubt you could go wrong with anything, unless maybe you order the garbage burger (with peanut butter and other unorthodox ingredients).  Try an Irish Wake and they'll let you keep the jar. In Pensacola they make you kiss the moose if you've never been to McGuire's before.  I've never seen that done in Destin, but who knows?  You've been warned.
7/20/2010 since my last review we have eaten there four more times. i tried the carnivore burger (raw meat), the liverwurst burger (liverwurst and onions and burger patty), nachos (enough for 6 people and amazing) and the Waiter said his favorite was the peanut butter and jalapenos. i thought he was joking but he was serious so i tried it. it was great. the creamy peanut butter was not very sweet but a great contrast to the spicy jalapenos and meat. that so far my favorite. weird yes but Delicious. my hubby has ordered the big daddy burger (named after the food network star), the bbq cheddar, and the jalapeno burger. until next time...
One tip if you come here--make sure you go into the right bathroom! They are labeled confusingly and if you've had an Irish wake or two you might make an awkward mistake. I had the Hawaiian burger and the bean soup--outstanding! The bean soup is a steal if you add it on to any meal, and thick and absolutely delicious. The burgers are huge, juicy, and pretty much burger nirvana. I found the service mostly attentive, I had to remind the waitress to get my margarita but as I kept changing my order on her that's probably more on me than on her. It was our friend's birthday and the wait staff came and sang to her and gave her a HUGE complimentary dessert. Definitely a fun place to spend a birthday. Overall absolutely no complaints, I would happily come here many times. Not a traditional Irish pub, but great food, good service and an awesome experience!
they need to upgrade the food. its typically and hopelessly mediocre. they could do it if they wanted to. the dark red ambiance is annoying and uncomfortable.
We love this place!  We travel here from orlando to visit my dad every so often and every time we come we go to maguires. We love everything we have ever tried here. I love the atmosphere and the service is great. I am actually here now in destin plan to visit maguires and even get a steak to take all the way back home to my husband. That is just how much we love it!!
McGuire's is where it's at! It has some badass food, the best damn burgers you'll ever eat, best ribs and steaks in the world, the best bartenders by far (you've GOT to see Stu! You can't find a better bartender than him, I guarantee), fantastic service, and so much more. Their home brewed beers are fantastic. They carry a light, a red, raspberry wheat, a porter, a stout, and a seasonal brew. The most popular drink by far is the Irish Wake, which consists of gold rum, 151, blue curaçao, and orange juice and served in a big mason jar. Yummy. But I highly recommend asking Stu to make you a "whatever" as well. Go to the upstairs bar if at all possible. They have live music up there during the summer, and it's a fantastic place to hang out (and see some beautiful sunsets over the bay). If you've been here or live here and still haven't gone to McGuire's, you NEED to. It's my favorite place in Destin to chill and eat and I always go there whenever I'm in town. Tell Stu I sent you!
McGuire's is synonymous with huge burgers, microbrewed beer, and great times. I've ordered several hamburgers and I've never walked/stumbled away disappointed. Their manhole cover sized burgers are a challenge to put down with a couple pints of their beer, which, if I'm not mistaken, they brew themselves for their two restaurants in Destin and Pensacola. Supposedly they have fantastic steaks but I've never tried them before. The place itself is loud and the deck upstairs can get rowdy as the night goes on, but it has a great vibe and people all around you look like they're having a good time.
Always get the 'Molly' and always good. Good service. You gotta try at least once.
McGuire's is quite  touristy but I was a tourist and it was great fun.  A lot of people who have only been to one Irish pub in their life have been here. The food is awesome. They pride themselves on being a steakhouse and they are quite proficient. They have great traditions from the dollar bills to the bathroom confusion to the moose! They support Irish music regularly. The service was not great the night we had dinner there. But they were slammed and the server was friendly.
I try to come here every time I am in town for business  Great shepherds pie and irish red lager.  Everything is really good though!  Can't miss
Thanks to a torrential down pour of a vacation day, we decided to drink our sorrows away.  What better way than with an Irish Wake! This is not your typical place you eat when you visit a beach location, but it is worth the visit when you're in Destin. Atmosphere is fun and a traditional Irish feel.  It seems to be always busy, but we were sat relatively fast.  First off, their famous Irish Wake does exactly what the menu says, so if your in the mood to feel loopy, order one or two.  I thought the price for one of these things was cheap considering you got to keep the mason jar as a souvenir. We ordered the reuben eggrolls and potato skins to start with.  Potato skins were good, lots of cheese and cooked thoroughly, but the reuben eggrolls were outstanding.  I've never had anything like them and wish there was a place near my house that had them. For our lunch, I can't remember what I had.  The Irish Wakes started kicking in pretty good by that time and my memory is fuzzy.  I do remember having a taste of some fish and chips and loving it, so that is the best I can tell you about that. I highly recommend visiting.  The food is good and atmosphere is fun!
A must visit if you are in the area.  Unique atmosphere with great food and drinks.  Portions are huge so sharing is a must.  You will not be dissapointed.
So, this may not be traditional Irish food, but I went with a group of 7 on a Saturday night and had a great time! Everyone enjoyed their food (Irish or not)  we had: The .18cent Senate Soup Burgers Tuna Steak Filet Pasta Rustica Spinach Artichoke dip Potato skins with gouda All great--waaaaay too much food. The portions are huge, so you could definitely share.  I get what others have said that this is a tourist destination, but my response is....Destin IS a tourist destination!  Every restaurant on the strip is touristy.  At least this one doesn't look like your typical Joe's Crab Shack (how do those exist in towns with fresh seafood?) Anyway, the best part of the experience was the live music from 8:00 on.  Sing-a-longs, Irish ballads, and moose kissing embarrassment for first-timers.  We had a great time!
When you visit new cities, you usually feel guilty if you don't try all the different eateries you can.  However, once we tried McGuire's we just had to come back. Out of fear of those long lines that come with prime dining time, we decided to go at 3:00pm. Perfect time, we were seated right away and the service was great. French Dip sandwich, excellent, yes they have the senate bean soup for 18 cents and even my kids loved it and ordered it the next day. Burgers were great and I loved their fries. In fact anything they do with potatoes is awesome (imagine that). Potato skins were great and so were the homemade potato chips. I had fish and chips one day and would only give the fish a 7 of 10. I found the piece of fish to be just a little too thick. If you are in Destin, you have to try this place out just to see the thousands and thousands of dollar bills dripping from the ceilings of this place. Overall a great family friendly place with great food and service.
I love giving places 5 stars! it makes me happy! can I be honest with you I think most past reviews on this place hit the nail on the coffin! I couldn't even ask for more.....I ordered a burger and it was delicious! I was being nosey and looking around at what other people were ordering and left and right I was envious of their dish. They all looked so good. I loved the amount of food each plate had and how the the dishes were plated. I appreciated that. I ordered an irish coffe? I don't know the exact name but it had whiskey in it and let me tell you sooooomething! I got hammered off of 3-4 of those.... The venue is awesome. The waiters and waitresses are awesome! I can't complain! ROCK ON!
My favorite restaurant in the area. Delicious prime steaks and a fun atmosphere. Nothing beats watching a sunset in the open seating upstairs.
I love this place!  The bean soup was wonderful and my beer was great!  The atmosphere was top notch.  There was so much money all over the walls.  They have a lot of burgers and they are all very good.  I had a spicy burger with Jalapenos.  The burger was juicy and very big.  I would recommend this place to everyone!  It was a really good time! When using the bathroom, be careful that you are in the right bathroom!! Try this place!!!!
We decided to try McGuire's on a weeknight after turning away at the sight of the parking lot on the weekend, and we loved the experience. Great and friendly service, nice beer list (including 6 brewed on site), and HUGE portions of food! Bring your appetites! Definitely would recommend coming during the week vs the weekend, so you can actually enjoy the atmosphere, but you have to stop here if you're in Destin!
Great atmosphere. Right when you walk in the smell is drawing. The endless dollar bills are great to see. The decor is awesome. Ordered the deep fried mashed potatoes, but they lacked a little flavor. The blue cheese wedge salad was good. I ordered the filet mignon with blue cheese and baked potato, both were so good. My husband had the fried shrimp and creamed spinach also really great. We were both so good, but we had to take leftovers home. Sweet tea wasn't sweet though. Be sure to check out the restrooms too, even if you don't have to go!
Food and service was awesome, but parking was horrible. My wife and I had the Boxtys as an appetizer (amazing) and we both had burgers (also amazing). Beer was decent and service was good.
We had an excellent experience at McGuire's Irish Pub. EXCELLENT. For an appetizer we had the Rueben Egg Rolls. WOW. I should've gotten these as an entree; served with a dipping sauce they were excellent. My husband and dad got the bacon cheeseburgers and they were very, very large. Big enough that they each only ate half. Each was served with french fries. My mom had the corned beef and cabbage, also served with potatoes and carrots. Her portion was also way too much to eat. I had the crabcakes, served with clams, coleslaw, and I opted for asparagus. I ordered them grilled, not fried, and they were scrumptious. The portion sizes are McGuires are HUGE....literally, you could and should consider splitting a meal. There were so many delicious looking items on the menu, I wasn't sure I could make a decision! I wanted to order everything:) I gave this restaurant 4 stars because the service was a little slow to start; took awhile to get drinks. After that, food came out in a timely manner. My husband did have to send his burger back because it was cooked rare, but everyone elses food came out hot and perfect. We went at around 5:45pm on a Wednesday evening and didn't have to wait. Parking was slightly difficult.
Had the mussells, yum!  Husband had the Irish Wake x3 and a super delish steak.  Loud, closely set tables and don't get seated upstairs.  Good things, the staff rocked both times we went and the wait was 20 min even though there were 8-10 parties in line ahead of us.
Wow, do I love this place. Whenever I am in Destin for business, I try to hit them up a few times. The steaks.. The steaks.. The Steaks. I have eaten steaks at almost every high end steak establishment in the USA, and while McGuires isn't high end, or nice ..  I often think about how much I love the ribeye at McGuires. They are always cooked perfectly (medium rare), with a smoky, savory flavor. McGuires is a constant reminder that price doesn't equal taste ,or quality. The burgers are also good, and the chef salad is gigantic and amazing.
My husband went here a few times alone and said it was so great so I was excited to go. However, we went twice and both times I was disappointed. I got a burger which was extremely dry and hard to eat. The mushrooms on it were amazing. The free bread is really AMAZING. Unfortunately, the bread is the best part. The second time I got the ribs because they smell good outside, however, they are not any better than say Chilis. The BBQ sauce is plain and for 23 bucks, I really expected better.My husband said his rueben and shepperds pie were good, I didn't try the shepperd's pie.  My kids were unimpressed by their plates each time too. I feel this place is far over rated and our waiter the 2nd trip was a real jerk. Wouldn't go back to spend 80 bucks on a meal for 4 again. Also, be sure to read the bathroom signs really well. My daughter didn't and ended up peeing in the men's room while I had to block the door to keep guys from going in because she hadn't learned to read and ran in and hopped on the toilet.
Food wise, it was very good.  We shared a burger, got the reuben eggrolls for an appetizer, got some soup, and the steak & mushroom pie thing.   The eggrolls were great, the burger could have been a little more tender but very delicious.  Soup was great.  The Steak pie thing was good; the steak was very tender but the sauce was salty and there were a ton of mushrooms.   I had an Irish Red homemade beer, and we also got a homemade Root Beer.  They were both good.   The downside of the place is the wait.  It took us a long time to get seated.  It's a little pricey too.
Oh my goodness. Where to begin. First, of course, you have to mention the dollar bills hanging all over the place. It is really hard to imagine and something you must see if you are in the area. Then, the service. It was excellent. Our waitress, Taylor, was superb. The food was wonderful. Much better than any of us expected. It is a bar after all. But, the bean soup for 18 cents was worth way more. I had naked fish and chips and I was extremely pleased. The fish was grilled which I much preferred over the usual fried. And was it ever flavorful. Juicy and tender. Altogether excellent. Two of my table mates ordered the special which was pot roast. I was afraid they were going to lick their plates. The fourth in our party was the least happy. He had the shepards pie and like it but wasn't overly thrilled. And last but not least was the bread. WOW. It was great. Not sure what kind but we had two loaves and could have had more but we were trying not to be pigs. All in all a great place.
The food is ok. The drinks, on the other hand, is superb! If you're a coffee fiend, like myself, get the frozen Irish Coffee, or the Espresso martini. We all liked the Irish Wake as well. If you're a beer person, all their beers are brewed right down the street at their brewery. Do expect a wait when you come here, but it's not too bad unless you have a huge party. Other than that, this is a fun place to hit up in Destin. Even if only for one time.
After enjoying crab and seafood for a couple of days, this restaurant was definitely a change of scenery and flavors.  Walking in was shocking, leaving the bright sunny day behind , it feels like you are entering a pub in Manhattan. It's dark, wood, levels, and at least a million dollars pinned to the walls or hanging from the ceiling. I didn't order the 18 cent bean soup, maybe next time!  We started with corned beef and kraut eggrolls with Thousand Island dressing, yum. ..yes, eggrolls.  I ordered the corned beef and cabbage plate, served with potatoes and honey buttered carrots. I never thought I would rave over carrots but these were wonderful.  The side of horseradish sauce was to die for and really complimented the potatoes. My husband enjoyed a giant corned beef sandwich with great homemade potato chips and potato salad. The portions were embarrassingly huge.  We took  1/2 sandwich, corned beef, and the yummy chips to go. We had a tasty snack back at our condo in the afternoon.  The restrooms are marked men's and women's with cutesy signs alerting one they are entering the wrong restroom. Uh, yea, not funny to me because I am the goof who really did enter the wrong restroom. Fortunately no one was in there and I left without incident.
I've always loved visiting McGuire's for special occasions though my family has traditionally gone to the original version in Pensacola. This was my first visit to the McGuire's in Destin and Boy Oh Boy what a Tourist Mecca! They have really taken the theme to the next level here. There is a stand-alone gift shop, outside tables, a pizza place called "Vinnie McGuire's" and of course the steakhouse itself. McGuire's depth of Irish culture is debatable, and there are only a few Irish-inspired items on the menu, listed under the heading "Traditional Pub Fare." There are some great options though, including the Shepherd's Pie and Corned Beef & Cabbage. McGuire's also has very good burgers, 3/4 lb., with lots of options for toppings. I had a Vidalia onion steakburger. The meat tastes excellent, the burgers are huge, and served with a helping of fries most of us couldn't hope to finish/ The appetizers are one of our favorite parts of the experience. The potato skins are great, if not unique, but it is McGuire's iteration of Irish boxtys that makes me keep coming back, beyond all else. Traditionally a potato pancake, McGuire's boxtys taste like fried balls of garlic mashed potatoes served with horseradish, salsa, and guacamole dipping sauces. I would also be remiss if I didn't mention that McGuire's had its own line of beer and root beer. My understanding is that it is all brewed on site (or at or near the Pensacola location) and while none of it is the best ever, it is all very solid. I had a pitcher of porter on this last trip, and boy, it was a heavy beer! The Root Beer is absolutely marvelous, and with the purchase of a little souvenir bag and bottle you can get a pitcher to take home with you. All-in-all one should approach McGuire's with the understanding that it is classic Florida kitsch. No, it is not as authentic as your favorite bed and breakfast in County Kildare, but it is a FUN experience in dining for the Florida Panhandle, and doesn't taste half bad for a relatively affordable meal.
It's a Steak House yes that's what they told us and I must say you won't find a better steak in town! They brew their own root beer they have great service (thanks Casey B) they have great steaks the place is giant but it was full because they have great steaks if I'm ever here in the Destin area again I will eat here they get it
Whether it's the Pensacola mcguires or the destin one, we always have a good time.  The service has always been great, and the food comes out pretty fast.  I don't think I've had anything that I haven't liked off the menu.  Make sure you get an irish wake! :-)
The French fries are delicious! I ordered the smoked Gouda burger. Overall, it was pretty good. The bun was kind of flavorless. For the best burger ever, go to kuma's corner in Chicago, IL
So glad we were warned about the portion sizes - they are indeed huge.  Even with no appetizer we each left with another meal.  I could not finish my Reuben even though I wanted to.  It was delish!  And even with that, the prices were reasonable.  Fun atmosphere and lighting.  We walked around the place after we ate just to see it all.  Yes, there are dollar bills everywhere.  The gift shop is the place to go for St. Pat's items - everything Irish.  Nice selection of T-shirts and not overly priced.   PS - Do read the restroom signs carefully or you might end up where you don't want to be.  Especially if you are in a hurry.  Fun!
The mac-daddy 16 oz. strip, rare, with blue cheese crumbles was beyond perfect. Lenny our server was freakin' top-notch. Peanut butter beer was just ok but the caesar salad and sweet black bread more than made up for it.
McGuire's taught me how to love a woman  and scold a child.   Like anyplace else in Destin, you have to pick the right times -- avoiding touristy times if you want to relax, focusing on touristy times if you want overcrowded craziness.  Either way, however, the brews will flow, the food will taste great (the pre-meal bread, buffalo o'toole thighs, bean soup, calamari, burgers and the NY strip are among the highlights), and you'll leave as a better person.   I have spoken.
My husband and I visited this place with my brother and his friends and it was a great experience. We loved the southern hospitality we were getting. The decor of the place was very entertaining. The bar food they serve is very good. They have a drink called an Irish Wake which is a VERY STRONG drink and it comes in a huge mason jar -- so if you want to get wasted, get that!! If we ever end up in Destin again, we will have to visit McGuire's again.
By far this is my favorite place to eat on the Gulf Coast. I have a few other favorite places but when you live down the street from McGuires and all that they have, plus the food. What is not to love? Food is always fantastic. If you are looking for a Sunday brunch, you can never ever go wrong with theirs. Ask for Jason as he is a riot. Thursday night is ladies night, so ladies drink free and more often then not they have a great band playing during the summer. If you are a runner, you want to join the local run club that happens every Monday night, they meet in the parking lot. There is not one bad thing on the menu and the beer is great too. I miss living in Destin for McGuires. I was there at least 2 days a week on a slow week.
Every once in awhile, after much searching, you find a place like this... McGuire's Irish Pub in Destin, Fl transcends a mere dining experience.  Very rarely you find a place that has the "it" factor - McGuire's has "it".   (Note: this review incorporates three separate visits to McGuire's over the last few months - though I assure you the experience has been consistent each time.) Ah, the ambiance.  Each time I visited McGuire's the whole joint was packed!  The walls are completely covered with signed $1 bills - a gimmick which is explained on their menu.  Aside from a few whimsical (and even mischievous) decorative touches, the overall feel is still very much "Irish Pub".     I have never eaten a food item from here that I did not think was absolutely amazing.  The complementary Irish honey black bread really starts the meal off right.  The .18 cent "senate bean soup" is worth every penny (and perhaps even a few dollars more!).  The "Irish Boxties" appetizer - something like a breaded and fried ball of mashed potatoes are a unique and instant favorite.  The burgers are truly gourmet (you'd be hard-pressed to find a better burger within a hundred mile radius).   But the real "pièce de résistance" of McGuire's is their USDA PRIME certified prime rib which has been slow-smoked over hickory for hours.  Consuming it may in fact create a momentary pocket of heaven at your table - as you are totally enveloped in sensory bliss. Their beers are brewed on site - a quality that I find both ambitious and admirable.  Their Irish red ale is good, but nothing special.  Nevertheless, I am still perfectly eager to try any of their other seasonal brews as they come available.   The prices are absolutely reasonable - especially when considering the quality of the food items. The service was very friendly and on-point, especially considering how busy the establishment was each time I visited.  Some of the food servers were sporting badges on their uniforms that indicated just how many years they had been employed there.  The fact that I saw an employee wearing an 8-year badge indicated that the restaurant management places a high priority on treating their wait staff very well (another admirable trait).  I somehow got the impression that the food servers were genuinely proud to work there - they knew that McGuire's was something special. Attached to the pub is their gift-shop where one could obtain their house beers, bottles of wine, McGuire's and Irish apparel and novelty items, etc.  It's definitely worth a walk-through. My only critique of McGuire's is their parking - it can be difficult to find a nearby parking spot on most nights, but patience is a virtue. Ultimately, of all the restaurants (hundreds) that I have been to over the years, McGuire's Irish Pub is among the best (if not the very best) I have ever been to.  Enjoy!
The McGuires in Destin is one of my favorites places. For drinks, for dinner and for brunch. Being from Pensacola and having grown up around the original, I love that this one is much closer. The burgers, steaks and seafood rock! Just learned about the brunch and it is amazing! Great price on bloody marys. Free beignets with brunch food purchase and rich Irish Coffees. Frozen or regular...You get the best food for your money. I will always be a fan.
Best. Vacation. Hangout. Ever. I'm not kidding. Massive plate of nachos. Fun local atmosphere. Pretty good local music. Kind service. My wife and I went here 3 times over 4 days when staying in Destin. I could not have had a better experience. Edit: I fully admit that I've been completely tourist-trapped by McGuire's.
I went here for lunch and dinner. Both times, the food was amazing! At lunch, it was pretty quiet. We got a front row parking spot. However, at dinner time (with it being a bar and all) it was crazy busy. The music at lunch time didn't seem to bother us, but at dinner time it was SO annoying! I'm Irish and I expect to hear bag pipe music at a funeral, not when I'm eating dinner. There was one song that was so annoying and never ending. It was like a sigh of relief when it was over. Music is supposed to relax the diner, not agitate. It took 20 min. to find a spot and it was extremely frustrating to deal with the parking problem. I was about to leave when I found a spot. The restaurant had over head music, live music, and people talking (of course) to the point where it was so loud I couldn't even hear myself talk. I can't believe there's a restaurant louder than Chili's! Lastly, I will address the décor. Our high-top chairs were very uncomfortable and wobbly (very unsafe). It was miserable to sit in them and I feared they would fall apart on the account of being so old. The dollar bill thing is an old, played out trend. It's really dumb and wasteful when you think about it. Plus, it's illegal to deface an American bill. We found lots of great stuff at the gift shop, including Meade (white wine, herbs, and honey) imported from Ireland. Delicious! I think this place needs to move to a location with a bigger parking lot, lose the dollar bills, get better music (live or overhead, not both), and get new comfortable seating. The food and drink part is perfect! Sláinte!
I was in Ft. Walton for two months. When I finally found this place I was amazed. I made it a point to try different things and everything was spot on. Odd smell in the place but they do brew home beer there. They have amazing steaks there, you almost don't need a knife to cut through them but expect to pay $25 and up for those beauties. However they also have a huge selection of $10 burgers there as well. All I tried were great. I was a military kid, Germany, England etc. I've tried Fish and chips everywhere all over the states. This was the only place I've ever in my life been able to compair the Fish and Chips to real stuff from England. I must try if yo uhappen to be near one.
Fantastic food. We had the cheddar Bacon Hamburger and the ruben. Huge portion sizes. Senate bean soup was excellent. Buffalo chicken thighs were very good.5 stars, without a doubt.
I have been a patron of Mcguires Destin for the last 8 years.  My friends and I enjoy mug club night least twice a month. We are big fans of the raspberry wheat beer. We went last night for our first mug club night of the year and imagine our surprise and disappointment when our waiter informed is that raspberry wheat beer is no longer available and will never be available again. So after hearing the sad news, my friends and I decided we will not be participating in mug  club nights anymore. While the food is excellent, our biggest reason for going was for the raspberry wheat beer. We would sometimes eat lunch there and enjoy a frosty mug of the beer.  I hope maybe the brewmaster will find it in him to bring it back. So while the food is 5 star worthy as well as the service , I gave it a 1 star due to our disappointment for the discontinuation of raspberry wheat.
Love this place. The atmosphere is great. The food is fantastic and they have some very good beer. If you are not driving, try the Irish Wake. There is a lot to love about this place... but the prices are a little steep but the portions are big and the food is great. Ok, so I started with the fried Calamari and it was great! They toss it in with some banana peppers and serve it with a sweet chili sauce or marinara. I went with the sweet chili sauce... amazing. The calamari was not pungent and it was not rubbery at all. Very good. For my entree I ordered the Brew Masters Sausage Platter which comes with a beer. The platter has 4 different sausages on it including Italian sausage, Polish sausage, a brat and andouille. It was served with sauerkraut and some sliced potatoes in a strange gravy that was tangy and complimented the kraut and sausages. For dipping sauces they give you 3 different types of mustard. They have a European style whole seed mustard that was my choice. Great platter. For my beer I got the porter. It is very smooth and not as heavy as the stout (which is also very delicious). I think any style beer would go well with this feast to be honest it just depends on if you like a hoppier beer or not. I wanted smooth and malty. Ok, the beer. I have tried the stout, porter, Irish red, Hefeweizen and Raspberry Hefeweizen. Of all the beers I tried, I didn't care for the Irish red. I have been to Ireland and I have had the reds. Kilkenny is a smooth, malty glass of deliciousness and that is not what this is. It is very hoppy much like American micro-brews. It is more like O'hara's Irish red which although is a true Irish red, when I was there, I never saw it. Either way, if you enjoy hop, this is a great beer... it's just not what I think of when I think Irish red. As far as the other beers, all delicious. I loved all of them. Ok.... there you go. Enough of my ranting. Go try it. The prime rib and ribs themselves look awesome!!! You can smell the hickory smoke when you walk up smoking those delicious pieces of meat as well. Very nice touch. Also, they have an amazing gift shop with a wide assortment of shirts and other items such as mouse pads, cookbooks, bottle openers, pint glasses and of course, shot glasses... plus much more. In the words of Alton Brown, this place is Good Eats!
Its not often you find any thing for under $1 these days no less a  tasty bowl of senate bean soup for $0.18! My husband, inlaws and I  visited McGuire's for lunch and found the food delicious, the service good, and the beers top notch. The prices are a little higher than I like (with the exception of the soup of course) especially for lunch but the shepherds pie was on special for $6.99 when we were there. This was a great deal so both my inlaws ordered that. I had the mushroom, swiss burger, and my husband had the rueben. And we each had a bowl of the soup - for $0.18 we figured you have to try it! The soup was great - good flavor and not too thin or thick. All of the food was great too - my burger was perfectly cooked and had a little spice to it which was a nice surprise. I had a raspberry wheat ale as well which was fruity but not overly sweet. The meal came with a loaf of dark bread covered in honey butter. So good we had to get a second loaf. I am very glad we visited McGuire's and would recommend it to anyone in the area. The $0.18 is well worth it for the soup and I don't think you can go wrong with any food you order. The atmosphere is great too - the beers are great very reasonably priced and bring a $1 bill to add to their collection decorating the walls (and ceiling). Sounds strange but a trip to the bathroom is a must - just make sure you read carefully or you could be in for quite a surprise!
After several friends said to stop here, we decided to stop in for happy hour and try their microbrews. I'm certainly glad we did! While this is not in any way, shape, or form a traditional Irish pub based on Irish standards, its definitely a fun place to eat and drink. Our waitress was absolutely fantastic and attentive, which for Destin, is a mega plus. There is a massive menu of burgers and I selected a swiss murger with sauteed vidalia onions. The toppings were great, although the burger was unseasoned. I wish it had more flavor, but all in all, it was yummy. Their fries are not to be missed! My family got the 18 cent bowls of Senate soup, which is a true steal. We also got the nachos, which are definitely enough to feed 4 or more people. It is definitely worthy of the Man vs. Food show! There is something on the menu for everyone and while they do have seafood, this is a steak and burger heavy menu. The drinks menu is lengthy and they have specials every day. I was a fan of their blueberry beer and their red ale. I think this is definitely worth patroning while in Destin, especially if you've seafood for lunch and dinner multiple days in a row. Its a great atmosphere with yummy food!  Its also a great place for groups (although you may want to call ahead for a reservation). Loved the bagpipes!
I have been to McGuires on a few trips to Destin but this is my first review for them.  Try and get there early to avoid a long wait.  Last week we went around 5:00 pm and it was not crazy busy.  Keep in mind this was not peak season either. Parking can be a bit of a nightmare.  Really tight spots in a somewhat small lot makes it hard to see when backing out of the space.  Getting out of the parking lot makes me nervous too.  Tip:  drive through the gas station on the south end of the building to catch the light. Atmosphere is cool if you like really dim and dark places.  Honestly, it doesn't bother me much and the kids love it.  The wait staff is dressed in "Irish-like" apparel that looks to be a bit uncomfortable but definitely goes with the theme here.  Another review mentioned a horrid smell so I made sure to pay attention.  I wouldn't necessarily call it horrid but I did notice a slight odor of maybe something a bit stale.   Food is overall pretty good.  I'm somewhat of a disabled Yelper when it comes to food choices but I give you what I got.  We had the bleu cheese crisps (chips) as an appetizer - which the serving size is HUGE (need to share with about 10 people).  I had the french onion soup which was just average.  My daughter thinks their signature bean soup is fantastic.   Gift shop is pretty cool and offers a wide variety of Irish themed shirts.  Considering my last name is Murphy my daughter just had to have a shirt.  Wide variety of wines sold there too in the back of the store.  It has a different vibe than other seaside shops in the area so worth checking out.  It is located on the south end of the restaurant.
So me and my husband came here on a Saturday night. It was awful, atmosphere food everything but the waitress! Please don't come here is not all that great. Even the soda tasted funny
We went here for a friend's birthday and had a good time. The upstairs bar had live music and it was ladies night, which meant free drinks. Be careful with the Irish Wakes...you probably only need one! There was a diverse crowd here, from younger to older people all enjoying the music and strong drinks. Good time!
We played Frogger across highway 98 to come to this place because it was the only restaurant open after 11 p.m.  It was definitely worth the risk! The waiters are dressed in tuxes.  You are served steak that could compete with any high-end steakhouse.  Yet, you are in an Irish pub...it was quite a unique experience.  I had the 18 cent bean soup - it was very good.  The salmon was my entree and it was cooked perfectly and well-seasoned.   He had the everything burger (it was the size of my head!).  You can get a bottle of wine from next door with no corkage fee.   We had a great time.  This is the place to go for late-night!!
We will definitely return to this pub if we are in this area again! My fitness trainer suggested it to us as one of her favorites in the area. The food was delicious and served in generous portions in a fun atmosphere. It's the perfect vacation place to dine! We stopped here on our way to 30A after about six hours in the car. The crush of Destin was easy to leave behind as we entered. We were very promptly seated, as it was about 1 p.m. We enjoyed looking around at all the dollar-bills affixed to the walls and ceilings, and the other interesting items in the pub. My husband chose this restaurant, and he wasn't sorry! He ordered the 18-cent bean soup (but it's $18 if that's all you order!) and the shepherd's pie, which looked absolutely amazing, with its gorgeous swirly mashed potato top. I had the crab cakes, and I asked our waitress if I should get them grilled or fried, and she suggested grilled, and I was glad, They were great, with a delicious remoulade on the side. The French fries that came with them were superb, as well. I had a glass of red wine (a generous pour!), and my husband had a McGuire's Irish Red on draught, which he thoroughly enjoyed. If we had a complaint, it would be that the server was a tad chatty about her personal life -- you know that kind of chatty when you feel like you really have to pay a lot of attention to that person -- but she was personable, attentive and gave good advice. We'll be back, McGuire's!
Where do I start.  The only reason I'm giving this a 2 of of 5 is due to its proximity to the hotel.  First, the service was terrible and slow.  A total of 15 people were in the bar and it took over 45 minutes to get our order.  The drinks were weak and the specialty drink "Irish wake" made me sick. Now lets talk about the food. I ordered my burger medium.... it came out well done.  The fries were cold and the ingredients were not fresh.  The server told me the burgers are what put the restaurant on Food Network and it was horrible. Aside from the service, drinks and food let me tell you about the people inside.  The atmosphere was uncomfortable due to the amount of military members trying to instigate fights at every turn.  We were with members of the service ourselves and were ashamed by the way the others handled themselves. I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!
We visit McGuire's every time we go to visit my husband's parents in Pensacola, so this was my first time visiting this location. Love love LOVE their beers, they brew their own and it's always fresh and tasty, this time I enjoyed the raspberry wheat. Now i've had different items here but this time around I had the jack and guacamole burger and had them add mushrooms. Now these burgers aren't a joke, if you order one prepare to be hungry because they're huge. The mushrooms on this burger weren't your standard white button mushrooms, they were sauteed portobellos YUM!, the guacamole is fresh and the burgers are cooked to perfection and are very juicy so keep your napkin close! The fries are more like a steak fry or potato wedge whatever you wanna call it, fried perfectly and are nice and crispy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside. The service was awesome and our waiter was super friendly and we were never left wanting as he checked on us several times. I also love all of the dollars that people have signed and hung up on the walls/ceilings over time. We put one up every time we visit!
Great place to take a group! So much food, expect a to go box. The Irish wakes are very strong.
I don't understand how anyone could give a bad review of McGuire's. I could list the things I love about McGuires. In fact, here it is: - They have amazing atmosphere, from the dollar bills on the walls/ceiling to the beer tap that flows out of a woman's nipples and the upstairs outdoor bar area that has its own bar and dance floor. - Irish wake. I don't know what's in it, in fact they don't tell you, but for less than $6 you get one of these in a mason jar (that you get to keep) and it's enough to give you a buzz off of one, drunk in a few. - The food selection is great and delicious. I always ordered the caesar salad no matter what my main dish was. Something about their caesar salad, sooooo good. I also liked their reuben a lot. - Ladies night = great times. I also once participated in a wet t-shirt contest upstairs. Mainly because they gave me free shots all night at the bar to encourage me to participate in something that ridiculous, but hey, at the end of the night, I had tons of free shots and cash in my pocket. I can't remember what else I loved about McGuires in the two years I lived in FL. Most of it is a drunken blur, but god I love this place and I wish every place I moved to had one of these.
Best prime rib ever. Fantastic food and beer. Kid friendly.
This is a wonderful "go to place".  You can never go wrong by going here.  The burgers are as good as they get.  I recommend the burgers but have had many things on this menu and it has never let me down yet.  The atmosphere is festive and the service is always cheerful and prompt.
This place is perfect! The atmosphere is awesome, just as an Irish pub should be. The burgers are absolutely amazing!! I got the Hawaiian pineapple burger and it was delicious! 3/4lb of beefy goodness!
We recently visited Destin for the first time and this was by far the most fun place we encountered. Great drinks, fun atmosphere, perfect service, and ambiance out the wa-zoo!! Local guy singing and playing guitar was not only good, but entertainingly funny! Stu was our bartender who waited on us in perfect time, told great stories, and made us want to return the next night. Can't review the food, since we didn't eat there, but I wish we had. Not enough time in our vacation to do everything! I would go back to this place in a heartbeat! Oh, and thanks to the waiter who saved me the embarrassment of going to the wrong bathroom. Those signs are tricky and super funny! I also loved reading the articles written on the bathroom trick. Definitely go there if you are visiting Destin!!
