Deep dish pizza was awesome
The GPS wanted me to go to Navarre.  I guess this location is, new?  The interior was similar to a rough, hole-in-the-wall bar.  It didn't look spic-N-span like a restaurant should be.   Our server was friendly and helpful.  The menu looked good, but after going to their website, I had to try this "Chicago style pizza". The slogans reads, "You ain't ever had something like this, unless you've been to Chicago. Six pounds of awesomeness"...  Well, I have been to Chicago.  Granted, no pizzeria around here has a pizza like this, but to be comparing this to a Chicago pizza is a joke.  If the slogan was, "Best deep-dish pizza around"  would be more accurate.  This just doesn't hold a candle to a Chicago pizza.  Will I go back?  Yes.  Will I order the deep-dish pizza?  Yes.  That said, If you are from Chicago and are looking for a taste of home, you're not going to get it here.  If they would do some renovations and improve on that deep-dish pizza, they would have something wonderful.
Wonderful place. Great prices. Friendly staff. The cheese sticks were the best I have ever eaten, and my husband really liked his deep dish pizza. They have a great atmosphere and have a few old school arcade style games to entertain the kids while waiting on the pizza. Wish we lived closer to come more often.
Best pizza outside of Chicago. Surprisingly the wings and nachos are also delicious. The BBQ chicken gluten free pizza is the best gluten free pie I've ever had
Talk about a great little personal pizza joint. Military friendly and with great service. It's turned into a regular hang out for myself and a few others. The menu is perfect, not too complicated and a good variety and the beer selection keeps me coming back. It's true their service can be a little slow at times, but typically only when it's some kind of rush and they've gotten better lately. At first I was going to go with 4 stars, but I'm going to take the leap from 4 stars all the way to 5 just because the service is so great.
So, I'm from Chicago.  And the deep dish here is pretty close.  I was REALLY hoping to find Chicago style thin crust pizza here.  You know enormous, cut into about 60 2" squares, sweet sauce TONS of toppings, soggy crust.  No luck, the thin crust is like every other place around here.  Thick chewy New York bagel style crust.  I sincerely hate New York style pizza & I've had enough chain garbage.  Also DO NOT order draft beer here.  It's warm, and their gas system is to much for the # of taps that have.  So when they pour they get a glass full of foam, which they leave to sit on the back of the bar until the foam "goes down" and then finish filling it.  So you get a warm flat beer.  I asked the bartender to "run the head off" (that's what I did when I was a bartender) two separate times.  They both said "This is how we have to do it"...
Great beer selection, awesome pizza and great management. The owners are great and will do what it takes to make sure you have the best time there. There's Wi-Fi, numerous tv's, clean bathrooms, and an outdoor seating area. It may look small from the outside, but don't let it fool you. Stop in and try it for yourself, it's a true local gem that I frequent at least once a week.
I was visiting my cousin for the first time and I mentioned Chicago style, deep dish. and he said he heard this place had it. Well, he was right. I was very surprised. While it was not Giordano's or Unos in Chicago, it was probably the closest I've come. Also --- I talked to the owner. He personally knows the owners of Giordano's and Uno's and his recipe is adapted from theirs. He also has the dough shipped from Chicago weekly or daily. Try it out. It's worth it. It won't change your world, but I'll tell ya it was a great change from the norm and made me think of Chicago.
First time to this area and we stopped for lunch based in yelp! reviews. Great pizza, excellent service, friendly management and clean restaurant and restrooms. Give it a try!
I was soooo excited to see Chicago style pizza on the menu but...it fell a little short.  If you're expecting a wonderful, topping stuffed pie like the kind you'd get an Giordano's or even Uno's...don't get your hopes up.  Instead, you'll get a pizza with a thick, Sicilian-style crust and about half the cheese of an actual Chicago-style pizza.  My friend and I split the veggie pizza and were only able to finish half.  It was tasty, not authentic and rather pricey. The guys in our group all ordered meatball subs and they were less than impressed. Other than that, the sevice was slooooooow.  Yes, I understand that deep dish pizzas take longer but we had to wait about 45 min for appetizers and salads and the waitress never stopped by to check on us or refill our drinks.   On an high note, they have a vintage Ms Packman game but it will probably not be enough for us to make this a regular lunch place.
Pizza is very different, but good. I can't wait to try the 7 pounder! Food and drinks are cheap. Nice place for locals. Be sure to call ahead if you plan on ordering the 7 pound deep dish. There are a handful of games in  the entry to entertain the kids, and a full bar for the adults. They really like PBR here
Not a bad place.  I had a Reuben sandwich that was fairly good, but the 1,000 island was on the side and the potato salad was bland.  My kids had pizzas and seemed to love them because they ate every last bite.  There are multiple TVs on - even one on the Disney Channel for kids - but the volume in the place is only for the big TV, and unless you're facing that direction, it's just noise.  Wait staff was friendly and helpful, but it was fairly slow.
Too bad , but the Mary Esther location is closed.
Went to support the local business so popped in with my two daughters. The service was fast, prompt, and friendly. We ordered the buffalo chicken pizza. We didnt really like it but we also had a pepperoni pizza and that was really good. Wasn't too fond of the wings but, then again I am from buffalo and it's hard to impress me with wings. (Except Buffalos reef) good atmosphere and will be going back.
Love their deep dish pizza!
Awesome deep dish pizza! Really really cheesy, nice atmosphere & great place to watch football! A few video games that will help keep the kids occupied (well they did mine) lol! Just  a nice place!
Amazing deep dish pizza at the same price you'll pay for a sub-par chain pizza. This place has a few good beers on tap, including Andygator, as well as 150+ in bottles. There isn't a formal list, so you just have to go look and see, but there's a good selection to fit any beer drinker's desires. They also have really good wings here. On our first visit we tried the super hot wings that come with a warning label. We got those in addition to the "special flavor" wings on a recent visit last night. The special flavor was described to us as a chocolate base. At first this may sound gross, but we were hoping it might be similar to a Mexican mole sauce. While it wasn't mole and was definitely chocolate wings, in a weird way it worked. The saltiness and sweetness paired together very well and I would recommend these for anyone who doesn't like super spicy wings. The deep dish pizzas take a while to cook (around 30-45 minutes) but there's plenty of beers to keep one occupied during the wait. You can also call your pizza in ahead of time while on the way.
The place looks small from the outside but was quite roomy inside. Not too happy with the lack of pasta choices. My family enjoyed their pizza while I munched on french fries. I feel this place fell short.
Awesome pizza! I love deep dish pizza, and this place does not disappoint. The owner and staff are very friendly. I would imagine County Line  would be a great place to watch a game, too.
Pizza was really, really good. Service was decent: good but not spectacular. We waited for what felt like a long time for the food and while it wasn't TOO pricey, it certainly wasn't a bargain. But the atmosphere was cool and the pizza was some of the best I've had.
