I have been coming here for more than 10 years to get facials and massages and have never had a bad experience. Sometimes they are a little pokey, but I work in a salon and I know how easy it is to get a little behind. In response to the other review, it is common salon practice to charge more money for more hair because it's more work. Make sense now? Everyone I've had is good, but a few months ago Tracy gave me the best massage I've ever had. I swear she was a Shaman Healer in a past life, I can't wait to visit her again. The decor is nice and relaxing and the staff are friendly.
Hair & Body Essentials is a place I only visit for Eyebrow Waxing Services, which will actually be changing here pretty soon. Threading is much healthier and less painful as opposed to waxing which can induce premature wrinkles. The wax they use here is a Natural Honey-Bee mixture which is easily applied to the skin and then pulled off using their fingertips. The wax itself is perfect for my skin, as I have sensitive skin, and the Aloe Vera and cooling gels they apply after waxing help to keep my face from breaking out or puffing up throughout the day. I used to come here for haircuts as it was just down the street from my house, but I won't anymore after QUITE A FEW terrible experiences. I have long thick hair, and as such, it takes about 2-3 hours to wash, cut, and style my hair. Just because I have long thick hair doesn't mean it's okay for this business to charge me an EXTRA $15. Would you charge a person an extra $15 for something that is UNCONTROLLABLE and NATURAL to their body? No, that's terrible business and personal ethics! To top that off, each time I've come in with a simple request. Shape and layer my hair please, medium length layers. It seems that no matter what I say to these women, they just can't get it right. Both of my parents and my Brother have gotten haircuts here and experienced the same, so I know it's NOT just me. Normally when you make an appointment, don't you expect to be seen within 2-3 minutes of the scheduled time? I do, but it seems they don't. I made an appointment three weeks ago for my eyebrow wax and ended up waiting over 20 minutes to be seen for MY appointment. It wouldn't have been so bad if one of the receptionists had come over and explained that they were running a bit late, but no. There were a total of five women all working the front desk and they sat there, chatting, laughing and assisting the other two women who had trickled in. It then turns out that the woman who had come in ten minutes after me was taken into the back for her appointment first. That enraged me. I walked over and explained and they all just stared at me and apologized. I had somewhere to be after that and explained that if she wasn't ready within the next two minutes, I was walking out and taking my business elsewhere. It seems people in this place only respond to threats. Either way, this was my last straw with H&BE. I won't be returning anymore.
I went there a few times since they accept spa finder gift certificates. The haircut I got months ago looked terrible, the girl didn't even know how to properly blow out thick hair, I looked like a fluffy poodle when she was done, very amateur job. However the massage that I had was fantastic, much better than Kimberly's spa (that gave them a star) the masseuse's name was Glenn. The people at the counter are professional but a little cold. They aren't very accommodating to existing clients when they screw something up, which I think is terrible because a little goes a VERY long way. I always brought friends with me whenever I go, which I think is great business for them. Unfortunately they have a way of making the client not feel valued at all. Needless to say they do not have my business anymore.
I can understand people's frustrations with having to wait. I was thinking about how it must be hard when they book appointments within appointments etc, until I had the first appointment one morning and the stylist showed up 20 minutes late. Well, no wonder you're behind! That's how you started your own darn day!! This resulted in a half-assed blow dry. I know I have thick hair but I am sick of going home to finish styling my hair. I also get mad because most of the time I am paying a babysitter and know my hair is the full 2 hour slot. I think they should try harder to work on this. They charge you when you miss an appointment for their time... Think I'll start deducting for MY time.
Since my last review I went to a different salon and they weren't able to fix my black hair color unless they strip the color with bleach. I have to do the color gradually and dye the roots brown and wait for the black to fade. I cant tell you enough on how UPSET I am for them ruining my hair color. DO NOT GO THERE. They have no idea the difference between brown and black. My first hint was when the girl wanted to razor my bangs......no one in high end salon uses razors to cut bangs, which followed by "do you want me to feather your bangs out" WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?   again DO NOT GO THERE
I used to be a regular patron of HBE because it was close by, and I liked the services I received (waxing & haircuts) even though it was expensive.  I stopped going though because customer service and the quality of services offered has really gone to the crapper in the last year or so. I always made appointments out of courtesy and time efficiency,  but the last two times I made an appointment I ended up waiting over an hour. The last time I was there I waited for an hour and then the person told me she overbooked and couldn't fit me in AT ALL that day. I had to come back the next day for A DIFFERENT person. I wouldn't have gone back except that I was leaving town and needed to get my eyebrows done. This was also the place that convinced me never to go for waxing again and stick to threading because they burned my eyelid skin with the hot wax and left scars that took more than a week to heal. Now I drive 30 mins away just to get my eyebrows threaded. It may be more of a drive, but at least I don't have to stare at scars in the mirror!
Up for the weekend from the city and I just needed a quick trim before going back. The prices at this salon seemed reasonable. I called and got a same day appointment no problem. When I arrived I was told my stylist was running 20 minutes behind! I thought they would at least offer my something to drink in the meantime but the receptionist just walked away. It ended up not taking that long to wait thankfully and my stylist was direct and efficient about the haircut which I appreciated. But I did find the salon kind of eerily quiet! There were too other clients getting haircuts next to be and no one was talking! Fine by me, small talk can be annoying at times. All in all my haircut was fine! Nothing to rave about but completely adequate for the price and a simple trim.
Over the last few years I've stopped coming to this spa for anything but the occasional facial and waxing.  I still love the esthetician that I see, but I'd agree with some of the other more recent comments, regarding the desk staff and waiting for appointments.  I've downgraded my review from 4 stars to 3, though really I think a 2.5 is most apt.
I don't understand why people aren't reviewing Hair and Body Essentials very highly.  I have never had a bad experience there.  I have been coming here for years and have always left happy.  I have also recommended them to family and friends who like it too.
I only go there for eyebrow waxes, but I do take them very seriously since they are on your face! I have had a couple of people that weren't experienced burn me and almost rip my eyelid off.  I always go to Wendy and she does them perfectly!  I've never had a bad experience there like the other reviewer.  If you spend the money to get them done it is much better spent here than at Kimberly's where they hire people who don't take the time to make sure you walk out of there looking somewhat decent.  Definitely go to Wendy!
Beautiful salon, but not impressed with the service.  Overpriced eyebrow wax.  Right eyebrow was bleeding after she took wax off and covered it up by saying," I'm not sure what that is. A sensitive spot, perhaps." amateurs.
