Wonderful Fish Tacos. You can't beat the fish tacos, unless you like fried shrimp and fish. My fav was the tacos but really enjoyed lightly battered combo platter. Side dishes of fried okra and onion straws were equally as good. If you are going for a fancy sit down meal, this is not for you. Picnic tables on an open deck. Very friendly staff and casual atmosphere.
Grilled Mahi- Delicious! Same seasoning as all the grilled fish, I think, but still great every time. Hushpuppies - holy moly these things are good! Best hushpuppies I have ever had. Potato salad - pretty good. Garlic salt adds a unique taste to it, and it tastes good.
Simple place! No white table cloths so if that's what you want go somewhere with food that's not going to be as good. People were very nice. Food was very good and fresh. Place seems very clean. Very excited to go again before we leave.
Went to Stewby's  at the end of lunch time.  At 1:15 you will have parking and choice of picnic tables..inside. At 12:30...you may not. BEST Seafood Chowder ever.  You order at the window and get your number. They call your number, you go get your tray. Works well and everyone is very friendly. The calamari was perfect and the fried shrimp were large and delicious. We've lived in Pensacola, since '95 and had not heard of Stewby's. Next time we are in Ft Walton Beach.......straight to Stewby's.
Totally off the beaten path, fresh seafood, great fish tacos and prices were excellent! It wasn't too crowded the night we went, so it was nice to just get in and sit down. Hush puppies were really good too!
Still in love with Stewby's! It's away from the chaos - they use local, fresh seafood and their sides are just as amazing as their entrees! I love that they take care in all aspects of their food. I will say though...I didn't really like their fish tacos. Too much cole slaw. However, I'm super picky when it comes to my fish tacos. I won't hold it against Stewby's - they're perfection in every other way!
Had the fried oyster dinner and the grilled amber jack dinner. Each dinner comes with 2 sides so the price is definitely worth it. I got the beans, fries, fried onions, and cheese grits. All were excellent but the fries were a little too well seasoned so it was a little salty. I got the gumbo, but I didn't like it. It's fish broth based and had a strong fishiness to it. It was decently priced at $5 a bowl and had a good amount of fish and shrimp. It just wasn't a type of gumbo I enjoyed. It's definitely worth visiting and eating here. Prices, portion, and quality are all very good. Food comes out quickly too!
The freshest seafood we had on our entire trip! Fast friendly service, excellent food, and great family atmosphere make this place worth your time. We are already planning our next trip down and it most definitely includes a stop or maybe even two, at Stewbys! Keep it up guys. Can't wait to visit again!!
We were on vacation and decided to give Stewby's a try. They are one of a small handful of places that get their seafood fresh from the docks. I had grilled shrimp with sides and gumbo. They were both really good. The sides were nice as well. They have onion strings that are out of this world. Their tartar sauce was some of the best I've had. It's very affordable too. The atmosphere is casual and laid back. No need to dress up. Staff is friendly and helpful as well. If I lived near Stewby's I'd be a regular for sure.
amazing fresh seafood. Drive in is a plus, but we went back the next day and sat inside. It's great seafood, casual atmosphere and a good price.
OMB!  Oh my Buddha, for those of you who are not in the know. The hubby have been to the Florida beaches twice in the last couple of years, and we have made it a point to go to Stewby's each time.  It's off the beaten path, but well worth the drive!  Each time, we've just gotten the fish of the day sandwich.  The first time, we had a grilled amberjack sandwich.  It was freakin' delicious!  It was the perfect mix of bread, fish and coleslaw.  A perfect lunch after swimming all morning! Definitely go if you're in the hood.
Found out about Stewby's Seafood Shanty (SSS) on Yelp. Plenty of good reviews, so my wife and I decided to check it out. SSS is not any where near the tourist areas. Customers order and pick up from a window; no table service. There are about 12-15 bench-seating (picnic) tables available inside the restaurant. The food we ordered was as advertized, very good and fresh. However, there were a few irritants with SSS: you have to order a large drink to get a refill (my large cup was about 3/4 ice); nothing is set out except rolls of paper towels on the tables, so if you want anything (salt, forks, sauce, etc.) you have to ask for it at the serving window directly; it's a popular place, so at peak hours you may have to wait a while for a table while holding your food. I give SSS four stars mostly because it is rather rustic.  Overall, however, my wife and I were quite pleased with SSS. Definitely nothing fancy, but if you are looking for a good seafood meal at fairly reasonable prices (in contrast to many of the overpriced seafood restaurants on or near the beaches) this is a place I would recommend.
There are a couple things I loved about this place! First of all, the atmosphere is casual & "beachy" its perfect for a family who has spent the whole day at the beach and wants to get DELICIOUS seafood, fast! Don't kid yourself though, this is nothing like fast food (other than the fast part) its FRESH!! The second thing I loved is the flavor! Everything was seasoned to perfection! Yummmm.. Lastly, I'd say the price! This is the best deal you can get in town for fresh seafood. This is away from The tourist area so no beach view but the food is Definitely worth the trade. Will be going again for sure!
Best fish tacos!! And great hush puppies pretty fresh and very crispy, I will be going here as a regular :)
No view, not near the water , but a great place to have a casual seafood dinner at a great price. Cooked to order, like sitting on your front porch. No alcohol but it is a BYOB so bring it if you want, it's ok . But we just had iced tea with this meal. Very good and fresh, great hush puppies.
Very good, a bit out of the way but they know how to fry seafood and prices are very reasonable for the amount of food.,,
For those who enjoy fried seafood in a no-frills atmosphere, Stewby's Seafood Shanty is a must-try!  The shrimp and fish were seasoned to perfection, the portions were sizeable, and the hush puppies were the best I've ever had.  You may have to wait for a seat... the place stayed packed, with folks lining up outside for the great food.
Absolutely fantastic.  Get there early or the line is out the door!  Fresh off the docks seafood.. served up anyway I can think of.  Had the fresh seared tuna and salad. .delicious
I found this place on Yelp while visiting FL recently and figured I would give it a try. So glad that I did! The food was fresh (and delicious). Service was a bit slow but that was expected because they were really busy. Definitely recommend the shrimp tacos!!!
Number #1 ranked restaurant on yelp in Ft Walton - took the suggestion, so glad I visited.  Had grilled fish platter, amberjack - good sides as promised.  Yum
Fish Tacos. Fish Tacos. Fish Tacos. Now that I've told you what to get let tell you about this place. If you are looking for the BEST seafood in the FWB area this is it. Where do the locals go (me for the past 2 years)....? Here! Everything on the menu taste amazing and the service is great. Will you wait a few minutes for your food? Yes because it is being prepared fresh for you. Tip: If you have 2 small ones (I have a 7 year old boy and 3 year girl) we always had them share one chicken basket and it was more than enough.
The food is definitely a 4 star for your basic seafood options. We showed up about 1 hour before closing and it seemed like the staff was auditioning for an episode of Jerry Springer. Although it was somewhat entertaining, I don't need your drama. Keep it behind closed doors next time.
I stop at this place for a seafood platter whenever I'm in town visiting the parents. Awesome delicious fresh fried food at a reasonable price = LOVE! The portions are generous, and I've never had a bad meal here. Love the drive thru, military discount, and sweet iced tea!
Great little "hole in the wall" with tasty food and a nice patio area. I had the catch of the day, which was grouper. Other people in my group ordered the seafood combo, popcorn shrimp, and chicken fingers. All were awesome. The prices are reasonable and their sweet tea is the best. If I'm ever in the area again I will definitely stop by. Be sure to get there early. The lines get long fast!
You always hear about those dive places that serve really good food, but it can be hard to tell which ones those are from the outside. At Stewby's, you can tell by the full parking lot. This is one of those places, and my new favorite place for seafood. Our group stopped in on a weekday evening, and unfortunately their entire POS system was down, and they had to do everything by hand. It didn't matter; everything came out quickly, and the food was incredibly good. We all ordered different things, and everything was great (except the cole slaw, which seemed fairly standard). It's super casual, with no table service and picnic tables for dining, but that adds to the charm. Ignore the cautions from other reviews about the safety of the neighborhood; it's just fine. Those people probably watch too much local TV news. If you're also the type of person who gets hysterical when someone three blocks away is wearing a hoodie, then maybe just go here for lunch. It'll be the best seafood you've had out here, and you can share your grand adventure with everyone else in your gated community.
Average fried food...nothing outstanding Disappointed on the shrimp ..just average..you have to buy a large drink to get a refill. Been there..done that...
My first trip to Stewby's was great but I wanted to try it again before I wrote a review. First trip, I arrived at lunch around payday and the line was into the parking lot. My second excursion was on a Sunday afternoon around 2:00. The food is excellent and the prices are worth the drive. I had the Stewby's platter both times and honestly, it's enough for two people. So, keep that in mind if you bring a friend. Grilled Amberjack is deelish! Hush puppies were kinda meh. Seating is very informal and you don't get table service. Plastic ware and styrofoam plates probably help keep the costs down. Location is not great but who needs a view if you live local.....I'll take quality seafood and local pricing any day.
We always go to Stewby's multiple times when we visit Ft Walton. Great, affordable seafood and a wide variety of excellent sides.
First time there and it was fantastic!  The best fried oysters I have ever eaten!  Fried shrimp and hush puppies were equally delicious and the grilled Mahi Mahi was wonderful!  Going back for lunch tomorrow! The staff was very friendly and welcoming and just peeking into the kitchen behind the front counter everything looked very clean and organized.  Well worth the five or so mile drive from the beach.!
Nom nom nom. We ordered a seafood platter AND grilled shrimp tacos. Everything was absolutely amazingly delicious.  Oysteres were so yummy. Although fried, everything was very light. Hubby had the sweet tea and said it was just right, so not sure about the other reviewer who said it was too sweet. He actually drank two. Oh, and we got hot sauce when we picked up our tray. So, they do have hot sauce for some extra kick. French fries were delicious, so was the fried oakra and BBQ beans. I will be coming back when I am in the area. Oh, and the staff is super friendly, which makes everything that much better!!
JUST GO. This place is so damn good that I will be dreaming about it for MONTHS until I can get back to the Panhandle again. Everything they do here is amazing, from the cheese grits to the calamari to the amberjack. The gumbo was awesome. The shrimp was perfect. Everything was grilled or fried to perfection. The owners of this place REALLY know what they are doing; you can tell it's run by someone who is an artisan, who REALLY cares that everything he/she serves is GOOD FOOD. Just wow.
I can't get enough of this place!!!! I had the snapper samich, and it was awesome, wifey had the shrimp samich and was satisfied, great friendly staff and yup, we'll be back again..
Always happy to try a local joint and this was great for a perfect fried seafood feast! The fish of the day (amberjack) was fresh, light, and made for the best fish sandwich I've ever had. Seafood platter was a good deal with a lot of food.
Was just OK.  Low on seasoning,  I  had scallops and my husband had fried shrimp.  The fish sandwich my son had was the best by far! $47 for a family of 4!
Absolutely delicious!! The smoked fish dip is fantastic. The grilled shrimp tacos are very tasty! And my husband, who is a connoisseur of fried seafood platters, says this may be the best one he has ever eaten! The fried onions and fried okra sides are phenomenal. Definitely a hidden gem and we will be back!
When we pulled in to try Stewby's for lunch, the first thing I noticed was that all of the license plates in the parking lot were local -- we took that as a great sign. Overall, we really enjoyed our meal -- a fellow diner recommended the fried shrimp and the amberjack and he did not steer us wrong. Hubs and I split a platter with fried oysters, shrimp, amberjack, two sides and hushpuppies -- perfect to share, perfectly priced at $13.99. The batter on the fish was great -- sure it's fried, but it didn't have the heavy, gritty greasiness that seems to be the norm. I only have two complaints: 1.) Dear Lord, their sweet tea was unbearably SWEET. Considering I'm from Tennessee, that's saying a lot. 2.) A lil bit of Tabasco would've been awesome with my meal, but they had none. Womp woooomp.
Wonderful food! Fresh seafood and a quaint setting! Will eat here every time we vacation at the beach!
If you want a seafood restaurant that isn't a tourist trap, look no further.  These guys know seafood!  I highly recommend!
I wasn't impressed and dont understand why this place is rated so good. It's okay, i didn't have a bad experience it's just that most of the seafood is fried and the menu is not very big. I dont mean to talk bad on this place. I would eat here again but, it's nothing special.
Best grilled fish I've had my entire vacation. Fresh calamari was delicious as well. Half the price of the tourist trap places and twice the flavor. Even the hush puppies are full of flavor!
Near little place. Very casual but the food is amazing. Fresh, good variety. We went a little our of our way to try Stewbys and were so glad we did! We took a few locals with us who'd never been and they are going to make it a routine favorite. Definitely try this place. There is a wall of history on the inside side wall close to the rear of the restaurant.
Yelp success story!  My group was out on the town trying to find dinner at a very late 8pm and everything was either closed or a mega-chain. I pulled up my Yelp app and it pointed us towards this highly-rated shanty.  We ate and everyone was impressed by my Yelp prowess. It's a simple counter service operation with some fantastic, friendly, and helpful staff.   They have a variety of tacos, sandwiches, and chalkboard specials.  I ordered the bacon-wrapped, crab-stuffed shrimp they had on special and it was amazing.  The fried okra side was great and I'm not big on coleslaw but my friends were completely enamored by it, one vowed to come back and order a gallon.
Great local seafood at a reasonable price. I had the grilled Amberjack sandwich and it was great.
For our last meal on the way back to ATL from Destin/FWB, we swung by here for lunch. Here's what we had: Stewby's Platter Fried (fish (amberjack), oysters, shrimp) - Besides being as fresh as possible (there's an informative sign telling consumers how "fresh" fresh seafood can be in terms of how many times it's frozen/thawed), the batter on their fried seafood was just right- not too bready, and with a bit of cornmeal for added texture. Not too salty, and definitely not bland.  Pretty awesome. Sides- Fried okra, cheese grits, hushpuppies, potato salad (awesome!), baked beans (sausage!)  Didn't find anything I didn't like.   In summary, Stewby's was a simply satisfying, solid spot.
Wow! The fried shrimp is amazing. Very tender and fresh. We've eaten at several other places and while all were good, nothing touched the quality here. We are still talking about the amazing shrimp! Quick service, great quality, a must eat if you're in this area!!
Great food, reasonable pricing, and friendly staff!  The only downside is that, if you are going during peak hours, it can be hard to get a table (there are only ~10).  Our personal challenges were the couple who finished eating and decided to have a long emotional chat after the meal (do that somewhere else!) and the large parties who start staking out real estate before they have even ordered.  The kitchen turns out tasty food quite quickly, so either play nice with other guests and share tables or order to go.  Either way, well worth a visit!
Family trip to destin.. And we all thoroughly enjoyed our food. Fresh fish of the day.. Mahi mahi.. And amazing fried okra I had the flounder and the breading on it wasn't thick at all. Quite perfect. Good job stewby!
VERY reasonable prices for a great value in seafood and awesome sides. Went for the first time on a Tuesday night and the parking lot was packed. So were the tables inside, but people were eating and leaving fast enough for the new customers to sit after they ordered. You know a place that's busy is the kind of place that's going to have promise. And indeed it's true at Stewby's! This place is "slow food", cooked as you order it, but not stuffy or fancy like a sit-down restaurant, and did I mention reasonable prices. The food is pretty awesome, and the sides are really good too. Check out their menu on their own website before you go. You might notice that a lot of things are fried, but they do have grilled and boiled items as well. There is no alcohol on premise, but that can be had at a bar afterwards. Stop by and check it out. You won't be sorry.
Atmosphere was nice. It is a lunch truck style place. You place your order at the window and then have a seat at the many picnic tables on the porch. The temperature was very cool even with high outside temps.  The shrimp were good however being Florida born and raised just down the coast I am not a fan of any frozen even if that frozen was just on the boat to get it back to shore. It was still tasty though! The staff was really friendly. I could tell it was frozen but if you have never been around the seafood industry I highly doubt you could tell the difference. I will return to eat there if I'm in the area again!
Wow! This place is so yummy! Based on the exterior alone, I wouldn't have stopped, but thanks to Yelp I discovered this delcious little dive! I went with a huge group of people and we all felt there ain't no shame in sharing, so I sample a LOT of stuff. Let's see, fried shrimp grilled shrimp grilled fish chicken beans fries salad hush puppies crab cake So, fish and seafood is definitely their strong point (duh).  Everything that had previously been alive underseas was PERFECT-O!! The sides were a solid 6 on a 10 point scale.  The price was beyond reasonable! Also, it's not necessary to tip which rules! Overall, my best meal on vacation and highly recommended.
Take II - great calamari! Husband ordered fish tacos and it was as good of a visit as yesterday's.
Great eatery. Very casual dive, but the food is great. The grilled shrimp and fish tacos are highlights. Gumbo is great. My kids loved it too. Hush puppies are awesome, and the fresh calamari was fresh enough it may have been moving a little.
Wow unbelievable food. It is a small simple place with great food. I had the bacon wrapped stuffed shrimp with hush puppies, fries, and okra. It was delightful. My girlfriend had the grilled mahi mahi and it had a great flavor.   Highly recommend it.
Very friendly staff! Food was so great. Very fresh. So much fun. Definitely highly recommend. We had grilled shrimp that were very well seasoned, an amberjack sandwich, hush pups and fried okra. It was our first time so we didnt know what we would love and it turns out it was all really really great. Next time I will get the okra and grilled shrimp. They also have oysters and tacos with any of the proteins. We will be back.
All you could ask for in a "Seafood Shanty"! Awesome fresh, local seafood, and comfortable picnic tables on an air-conditioned patio. The clientele says a lot about the place. Loaded with businessmen, military, thugs and everyone in between. Obviously, a local favorite, and after one great lunch, I can see why!  Also, the cleanest restaurant restroom I've seen in a long time. I'll be back!
Another great find on Yelp!  I was in FWB about a month ago & found this place on Yelp!  Unfortunately, it was closed, but we stopped in tonight & were pleasantly surprised. The gumbo was the best I've had in QUITE a while (including a couple of trips to New Orleans in the last year.) I had the grilled shrimp tacos, which were very good. Mom had the fried shrimp sandwich, which she raved about. And my nieces had children's fried shrimp baskets. The shrimp were cooked to perfection in all 3 dishes. The service was SUPER friendly & helpful. Prices were also reasonable, especially considering the usual cost of seafood while at the beach. My only complaint is the fried onions (onion rings). I didn't particularly care for the flour-based batter, but that's a personal preference. MY TIP: TRY THE GUMBO!!
We were just in town for vacation, and we MAY have eaten at Stewby's 3 times. I can neither confirm nor deny this (although my expanded waistline is making denial difficult). Everything was AWESOME. In my alleged 3 visits, I had the grilled shrimp dinner, the grilled amberjack (fish of the day) dinner, and the fried white snapper samwich (a special). I tried fried okra, bbq beans, and fries as my sides. (Dinners come with 2 sides and 2 hush puppies; Samwiches come with fries.) Everything was cooked perfectly. The shrimp and amberjack tasted fresh and weren't overcooked in the slightest. The fried white snapper samwich was perfectly battered and fried, served with tartar sauce and cole slaw on the sammie itself. It was fabulous. The hubs had the fried shrimp dinner (delicious, of course), and the Stewby's seafood platter (fried shrimp, fish, and oysters). They definitely have a way of frying everything perfectly, so that it's tender and juicy, with a light crispy crust. In addition to the sides I had, he ordered potato salad, which was really good. I'll admit, I'm a bit of a potato salad hoe (I love 'em all), but my husband's a bit more picky, and he loved it as well. It had a nice tang and creaminess. You can avoid the fries if you want, but calorie wise, there's not really a healthy side (unless you count a side salad, which I don't - and honestly, I can't even remember if that was an option with a meal). So if you want average fries, go for it. Personally, I'm addicted to fried okra whenever I can get it (which is, thankfully, not often), and theirs is good. The only thing I didn't particularly enjoy was that the seasoned salt seems to have a heavy presence of celery salt, which isn't my favorite. But, ummmm . . . I still basically licked the plate clean, so it couldn't have been too off-putting. The BBQ beans were good, too. Nothing special, but a welcome addition to the plate. It's a little expensive, but I wouldn't say it's expensive for what you get. Compared to the other well-rated seafood places in town, this place seemed like quite a steal @ about $30 for dinner for the two of us. We paid $40 just the night before for FAR inferior food. You can't get fancy stuff like crab-stuffed lobster tail, but when the fish and shrimp are this fresh and good, you don't need it. And as for ambiance - I'd rather just put my money towards great food. I don't need white glove service. Just come here, pig out . . . and then go for a run later. (Just kidding; running's for overachievers. Go for a long walk on the beach instead. But you're gonna need to burn this mess off somehow!)
Basic localseafood fare.  Fried shrimp and oysters are really good.  I have been eating here for almost 2 years about once every other week and I have never had a bad meal.  They claim to use local fresh seafood and it really shows.  Even the kids fish is fresh!  All in all, I really like this place.  It is consistantly good food at reasonable prices.
Throughout the FWB yelp searches, Stewby's comes up as a result repeatedly.  This was also one of the first places I tried in town.  I mean, it's good.  It's OKAY...  I've had the soft shell crab sandwich an the grilled mahi mahi sandwich.  Liked the fried soft shell crab one better.  As for all the hype, I mean, for $10 a sandwich, I expect a goddamn good piece of fish or crab or whatever am getting.   The seating area is well designed, and clean with open windows all around the benched area.  Don't be surprised with a trashy crowd.  This one guy crouched over and told his life story to two old ladies who couldn't care less.  From his story, he is only 52 but looks about 60.  He spat out the window some gross orange spit about, oh, only 140 times in a 5 minute interval.  Out in the parking lot, little spots of wet pavement marked the area outside the window where he sat.  Try eating next to that.
Awesome seafood. Grilled or fried. Whatever suits your pleasure, stewbys will not disappoint
This was our first time in Destin, and I read the reviews on yelp. They did not disappoint. The prices were reasonable and the food was good. I did not care for the onion slices as they were too salty. If it were not for that, I would have given them five stars. The fish was good and tasty and worth the drive from Destin.
Amazing food! Had the fish tacos with a side of the best potato salad I've ever eaten! :) also ordered the grilled shrimp platter with fried okra and cheese grits! You can't beat the price and the food is some of the best fresh fish I've had on vacation! Will definitely be back and recommending to anyone I know who plans a vacation to the Destin area! :)
Worth the drive! stayed in FWB over spring break and this place is great! scallops, fish, shrimp, BBQ grits - all of it was good. will definitely be returning.
Great food!  The gumbo is amazing.  After expensive meals in destin it was nice to have a reasonably priced meal that was excellent!
The grilled fish and shrimp tacos are a must try.  If you want more on top of that, get the stewby's platter for fried fish, oysters, and shrimp.  As sides, the cole slaw and fried okra weren't half bad.  I'm not particularly a fan of either one, but I these were good.
Good food! Came here at the recommendation of Yelp and it was pretty good! I ended up ordering the bacon wrapped shrimp with the potato salad and fried okra. The bacon wrapped shrimp was okay, the bacon was pretty subtle, would have been nice if it was a bit juicier, maybe baked? The shrimp was also okay itself, pretty big, but not a lot of flavor. The potato salad was recommended by the server and it was good with little bits of bacon. The fried okra was also good and was seasoned well. Overall the meal was good, good price, and cool little building they're located in, haha.
Can't beat the fried shrimp dinner with cheese grits and fried okra. We're there at least once a week!
Just ate at stewby's. Blown away by how good everything was. I got the oyster sandwich, fantastic, wife got the BBQ shrimp and grits, outstanding. Grew up on the Chesapeake bay and owned 2 seafood restaurants in Md. Not blown away by seafood to often but this place did it. It's not fancy just delicious seafood!
The fried shrimp samich is delicious and they have the best French fries I've ever had. The restaurant is outside of the touristy area and is small but it is clean and the food is worth the drive.
Best fried fish I ever had.  Consistently fresh fish with great sides. Friendly service and reasonable prices.
This place is good and well priced. Say goodbye to shrimp basket. But don't expect a once in a life time seafood dinner. You get what you pay for. And this is the perfect spot for lunch.
Great little place for lunch. I went here with my husband yesterday and we both got fried shrimp. My sides were fries with cheese grits and my hubs got beans and fries. Everything was great, even the hush puppies. I could eat gallons of those cheese grits, they were delish!
Very very good food. Between the 7 of us we tried a little bit of everything and it was all good. Will for sure be back to eat here again. Keep up the great work.
Have only tried this place twice. Everything was pretty tasty. They have great fish,beans, and hush puppies. The food is not fast but doesn't take forever either.
Thank you, Yelp, for leading me to Stewby's. I do not say this lightly; the White Snapper sandwich,  the daily special, was the single best sandwich I have ever had. My wife simply kept repeating "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god" between mouthfuls. We were in Fort Walton for a four day holiday. While at the Gulf, our main goal is to eat as much local, fresh seafood as possible before we have to go back to our landlocked home. We tried to sample the entire menu, so we would be prepared for our next visit to FWB. We tried every item on the menu in some combination except the softshell crab, the beans and the chicken. Each seafood item was among the best example of that item I have ever had. Shrimp, oysters, fish; grilled or fried, each was superb. The breading on each of the fried items was crunchy, but not so heavy as to overwhelm the seafood within. The grilled items had a real grilled flavor, which is not always the case at restaurants. The seasoning was excellent across the board. The fish of the day really does change day to day. So we were able to try amberjack, mahi, and white snapper during our visit. All were good and clearly fresh. The sandwiches are on a large sesame bun, and topped with slaw and tarter sauce. The slaw is finely chopped and slightly sweet, the tarter sauce is tangy, the combination is near perfect . The Stewby's platter had pretty generous servings of fried shrimp, oysters and fish for the price. Along with hushpuppies and two sides. Most of the entrees come with fries. The fries appear to be frozen from a bag, but they are cooked very well and seasoned with a nice seasoning salt. The hushpuppies were good, but not my style. They are clearly housemade, but they are a denser, more savory, type. I prefer sweeter, lighter, corn-fritter-like pups. The cheese grits were the cheesiest, creamiest grits I have ever had. The potato salad was amazing, very creamy with lots of pepper, celery seed and bacon (BACON!!!). The okra was pretty standard. I tried a caesar salad on the side as well; it was pretty big for the price and quite good. My only critique was that the dressing was very thick, which made thoroughly mixing the salad difficult. The gumbo was ok. I thought it could have used more seasoning. My wife said it reminded her more of a seafood brunswick stew than a gumbo. It was pretty homogenous, had a good amount of seafood in it though. I didn't love the tacos as much. The sweetness of the slaw seemed to overpower the other toppings. Something with a little more tang, pickled jalapenos perhaps, would bring them into balance. Also, the tortillas were not warmed, so they had the gummy texture and floury flavor of raw tortillas. A quick visit to the grill, or even a zap in a microwave would have made a big difference. The service was good for counter service. The seating area is self bussed, but staff seemed to come out to clean the tables and check the area very frequently. The restaurant was very clean. I commend Mr. Taylor for the work he put into converting the trailer into a restaurant with great atmosphere, it has near perfect "fish shack" charm. If only it had a view of some water. Though, I'm not sure I'd want to pay a premium for such a view. My only real complaint is that there are no refills on regular sized drinks. However, the drinks are only $0.99, so I guess it's a tradeoff. You can always pay an extra buck for unlimited refills on a large drink, so it's up to you. But no free refills, well that's just un-American. We tried Stewby's on day two of our visit, and we returned on days three and four. It seemed to get better each time. If you thinks that's crazy, well, we weren't the only ones. We heard another family tell the cashier that they were in town for a few days and would be back "tomorrow and the next day, too". We've decided, there is simply no better place in Fort Walton/Destin to satisfy our need for gulf seafood. The quality and preparation rival, or exceed, any place in Destin or FWB, and nobody beats the value.
Have eaten here 3 times. Shrimp is OK but is not  devained. Sides are ok. Over priced.
If you're looking for fresh seafood in the Fort Walton Beach/Destin area expertly cooked and at a great price, look no further. Sure, this is not white table cloth dining, but take a look at their website and you'll see that these guys take great care to serve only the freshest local fish and are proud of their work. We had the amberjack and the Spanish Mackerel -- both were excellent. The owner took our order -- a very nice guy. We're going back today before we head out of town. A lot of the places along Route 98 claim to offer an authentic local dining experience. But stop by Stewby's for the real deal.
This is the best place in the area for fresh, fried seafood. Both of my visits were great. The vast majority of the menu includes fried seafood, but grilled fish is available as well. Visited on two separate occasions, and both were excellent. Gumbo was tasty, but the fish tacos warranted a return trip. Second time, ordered the combination basket. The oysters, fish (amberjack), and shrimp were all perfectly cooked. The seafood is fresh and the batter is light and well seasoned. What more could you ask for?
I see all the goods, but ... Two bad experiences. Both we're pick ups. First was that the fried shrimp and oyster while hot were just doughy. Second I ordered fried shrimp with tartar sauce. I got grilled shrimp with cocktail sauce. I know this is from the family that had Sam's in downtown Ft Walton. This ain't it. Much better seafood is certainly available.
Fried shrimp was fresh and juicy and they serve sweet tea in the biggest cups I've ever seen.
Stewby's had the local seafood shack charm we anticipated, and the reviews had us salivating waiting to try the place. Mr. had the shrimp dinner: $10.99 - a couple handfuls of fried shrimp -- tails on, crispy, well seasoned with a lemon wedge. - atop a bed of seasoned fries -- frozen out of a bag, but cooked to order and also seasoned well. - a cup of coleslaw -- good balance of sweet & tangy, not to wet or dry. Mrs. had the grilled fish "SAMich": $7.99 - fish cooked well, served on a bun with coleslaw and tartar sauce. - a side of seasoned fries. We shared a side of hushpuppies. They were definitely made fresh, in house. Browned, with a nice crunch on the outside, soft and a little doughy on the inside, full of fresh green onions. Our bill (+ one sweet  tea & one battled water) was $26.45...a little pricey for what we got. The dining area is self-bussed, but it was kept very clean. Overall, we might be back if we are craving some fried seafood, but the prices won't make us regulars!!
We drove an hour for a try. The shrimp, chowder and sandwiches are bomb. Fish taco's were weak on the fish amount. The staff are friendly and great people.
As a 2nd generation local, I have missed the niche that Sam's filled when it comes to getting fresh seafood.  When I want seafood, I don't really want to get all pretentious and deal with the whole tourist scene in Destin.   Thus: Thank God for Stewby's!  It is what local seafood places should be.   On my most recent visit I had a Fish Dinner, this time with grilled amberjack.  This fish was grilled just right, firm and flakey, but still moist.  The coleslaw and cornmuffins were great additions as sides to the fries. Bust of all, there wasn't too much food.  I hat when I go to places and there is so much food that to eat it all will make you sick.   I would second the idea of getting some beer in the place, as that is just about the only thing that could have made the dinner better, although the sweet tea that I had was as near to perfect without it being grandmas! In all, if you are looking for a great little dive that takes it food seriously with out pretensions, this is your place.  Stewby's is, for sure, one of my new goto places in town.
My husband got the seafood platter.  Grilled shrimp were very good as well as the mahi mahi.  I don't eat seafood so I got the chicken tacos  Did not care for the chicken tacos
Seriously go here. It's the reincarnation of the food from the good old days in Fort Walton. It's got great fried food, not too greasy. The way they grill the fish is rock star. I'm sure you can rack up the calories here but it's worth it. No beer or wine but you can bring your own!
I drove out of my way to Stewby's after reading the reviews of other yelpers. Soooo glad I did! I have been extremely reluctant to try fish tacos, just the name sounds bad to me, but I decided to give them a shot without the pico sauce. {{DROOL}} Seriously, the fish was so extremely delicious. I have 2 more days in Ft. Walton, and I will return for more before heading home. The only downside is that I would have liked them to have given me a couple more tacos and kept the fries. I am not a fry eater
I am updating my star rating.  I have been back a couple more times.  The drive through has gotten a little more efficient. This last time I ordered the Shrimp SAMwich.  It was awesome!  The fries were great as usual and I love the batter for the okra. Stewby's even does chicken tenders well.  My husband was impressed!  He thought they were better than Zaxby's and those were his favorite.  Keep it up Stewby's!
I've tried the fried fish and the grilled fish and both were close to perfection. The grilled fish was so good that I didn't feel like I was missing anything (being on a diet). You get a right size portion which most people aren't used to. The prices are high compared to processed non-fresh fish but fare. Unfortunately, I see this restaurant as a niche for people with small families. We can't afford to eat there too often but it is good for an occasional outing.
We went on a Tuesday night in December and their deck was full.  We planned on doing takeout.  The woman behind the counter was friendly and patient while we wavered and fumbled through our order.  She politely smiled when I asked which fish choice was "fishier".  She also served us our bowl of gumbo while we waited on the rest of our meal so we could enjoy it immediately as an appetizer.  it was worth ordering.   We also ordered a fried seafood variety plate with oysters, fish of the day (mahi-mahi) and  shrimp.   They all seemed to be breaded differently which was nice for variety.  They were accompanied by tartar and cocktail sauces.  For sides we had the fried okra, one of my favorites, cole slaw, which was standard, and french fries, which were simultaneously thick and crispy.  they gave us extra ketchup upon request, offered us a to go menu for next time, and we were on our way.   We fully enjoyed our meal and would recommend this place a friend.  My favorite was the mahi-mahi which was crispy outside and melt in your mouth inside, similar to a perfect southern fried chicken, but you may convince yourself it is healthier because you are eating fish!  I think they have some grilled food and fish or shrimp tacos, which I imagine are also tasty, but we did not try them this time.
We are not big fans of fried seafood and normally prefer grilled, baked or pan seared, but here we will make an exception. The food here is light and not greasy, cooked to perfection, and seasoned about right. Living just an hours drive away, we usually go down to this area 3 or 4 times a year and like to seek out different restaurants. This one is worth the effort. Don't go here expecting a sit down waitered meal with the ambiance flowing. This is just what the name implies, a seafood shanty. It is a small place with about 12 picnic style tables to sit at. You place your order at the window, and you pick your food up at the pick up window, If this place was located on the beach, it would have to be three times bigger to accomidate the crowds. Even where it is located, it is very busy, and for good reason. This is certainly the best fried food that we have had in the area, and I would say, one of the better seafood restaurants in the area, just don't expect fancy. The prices are very reasonable, unlike most of the places around the beach area. Don't miss this place if you are a fan of good food. Why the 4 stars and not 5. I reserve 5 stars for places that are the complete dining experience, food, service, view, ambience etc.
The place was AMAZING!! When all my food was gone i wanted more!
I have never had such amazing seafood! The seasoning is perfect! Not too spicy. We had the grilled shrimp, fried shrimp, and fried Mahi Mahi. The breading isn't too thick, so you can actually taste the meat. The hush puppies are the best I've had! The BBQ baked beans are better than any BBQ restaurant!! I can't wait to come back to Florida just for this place!!
In the past two months I've eaten here a couple of time with my "Stewby Crew" and we've come to accept that beer and hushpuppies are not part of their business model.  That's unfortunate because I remember Sam's having some of the best hushpuppies on the gulf coast.  Too many restaurants today, even the local ones, have gone to the frozen commercial variety which are about the size of a large ball bearing and about as hard and tasteless.  And seafood, especially fried, goes so well with cold beer!  Regardless Stewby, have it your way.  On to the good news. Started with the gumbo and the taste and consistency was just as I remembered:  Plenty of crab and fish and "micro shrimp" with tomato, celery, okra swimming in a flavorful, but not spicy, rue.  They also avoided an increasingly common pitfall of local gumbo which is loading it up with tasteless white rice.  Very well done! Our party went with fried shrimp and fish baskets which were cooked fresh and ready within minutes as has been the food on our other visits.  I was a little surprised the fish was mahi mahi (aka dolphin) vice amberjack, but it's local and had a nice heavy texture that went well with the breading, so it was all good.  Fries were fries, and the coleslaw was good as always, not creamy or overly sweet.  As before, portions are in line with the prices, but I would like having the option to buy a couple more fillets and avoid filling up on fries. Hard to believe that a converted trailer with outdoor seating miles from the beach would have better local seafood at half the price than multi million dollar waterfront restaurants.  Sam senior would be proud.
Great fresh seafood, cooked perfect at great prices.... Must stop in, skip the high dollar joints and chine to Stewby's
We did not get to eat at the restaurant but they catered a beach front reception and everything was very good. Oysters were great, mahi mahi very good and really enjoyed the fact they fried on site.
In Okaloosa Island on vacation, and looking for some good, fresh local seafood at good price ... Stewby's delivers! This place is small, but super busy, and now I know why - the food is fresh and delish! I got the shrimp tacos which were very good, but I think the seasoning and sauce might be more for adult tastes. My husband got the amberjack sandwich and the seafood gumbo, and they were both really tasty. My kids got the fried shrimp sandwich and shrimp basket and they loved it. Service was friendly and fast. Quaint, beachy-type place. Clean and happy ambiance. Good for families and everyone. We will be back!  :)
Great "hole in the wall" feel. The grilled shrimp, fried snapper, fried okra and everything else was top notch, and a great value as well.
In town from Tx and came to Stewbys! This place was sooooo delish! We had a party of 7 and 2 kids pretty much ordered our meals. The calamari was so delish we went back to order crab cakes. Enjoyed it so much we went back the 3rd time to order everything else on the menu..... Literally ordered everything else to try. ( and even multiples of stuff) We all thought everything was so fresh and good.. May stop by again before we leave!  Must visit this place it is really good and for a great price!
This place is off the beaten path but worth the drive from Destin. Nothing fancy as far as location. The amberjack grilled sandwich was to die for. Soft shell crab was tasty. My daughter is not a seafood person but loved their honey mustard. Super nice people running the place - try this one out.
Saw the great reviews on Yelp, Urbanspoon and Tripadvisor.  All were spot on. Great seafood at great prices.  Worth the drive from Destin.  We will definitely be back.  Grilled shrimp and the crab cake were wonderful and others in our party really enjoyed the stuffed shrimp.  The sides were homemade and very good too all washed down with a large cup of sweet tea.
Ordered grilled fish tacos and a grilled chicken sandwich. We don't like coleslaw or tartar sauce so we ordered without. Both came with fries. I saw a bucket of real potatoes in the kitchen.  Okay but we won't go back even though the staff was super friendly.
One of the better seafood shacks Ive eaten at up and down the east coast.  Im on my iphone so i wont bore u w details or good punctuation.   -Excellent fish tacos.  I caught a small bone in there but ill excuse it because it confirmed my suspicion that they used fresh fish they prepared themselves versus some processed crap, which they could have got away with if they wanted to... especially in fish tacos.....  ;) -they know how to deep fry seafood.  Fried oysters for example were perfectly cooked, not oily, not over-breaded, not-salty.... You will NOT get the dreaded oil-coma here very quickly... It'll actually take some work.  (For reference, i will get oil-coma after eating 2 pieces of kfc chicken... Ugh!) - yummy comfort-food-like gumbo... The kind grandma used to make.... If my grandma was actually from the gulf coast.... In my imagination...  Well u get the picture.  Its good
Ok, this was a full 30 minute drive from Destin and my hubby was concerned because of the disgusting meal we had at Deweys (non-harborside) expecially seeing that we had to pay and THEN taste it.  He wanted to leave so bad but we were there.  We beat the crowd and ordered our seafood platter.  We parked at a table and then picked it up.  We ate our seafood gumbo first and though it was good I wish it had more seafood in it.  I mean, it IS $2.99 - super cheap but I'd be wiling to pay more to have more than 1 full shrimp and to taste some other goodies in there.  Very watery.  The seafood platter was delicious.  Batter was good and the oysters and shrimp were good.  I don't know what type of fish it was but it was a bit too dense for my liking.  Still ok though.  The food was piping hot and we really enjoyed it.  We also feel it was the best seafood platter we had in Destin.
Only 4 stars today. The shrimp dinner baskets were great but you left out two of the sides. Used the drive through and didn't notice until we got home.
Short drive from Okaloosa & can't wait to go back. Grilled fish tacos were incredible & $7.99!  Catch of the day only $10.99!  Visited from KY.....excellent service....highly recommend this fast casual fish joint!
The only place in the world with a drive thru window and fried oyster sandwiches. Delicious and quick. Prices fair, limited menu but you can't have a drive through and serve a large, fresh seafood menu...impossible. Good Job....I've been there 5 times already
Absolutely Love Stewby's! Everything we ate there on our 3 visits over a 5 day vacation was fresh and delicious. So so Awesome!!
Excellent super fresh seafood and a very nice casual atmosphere.
Good food if you like it fried. I am not too big of a fan of fried food but I enjoyed Stewby's. Really is a shanty, and is kind of in the middle of no where. I picture this place better for lunch than dinner. The whole restaurant opens up to be more like a porch, so it would be good for a nice day. When we went it was cold so that put a damper on things. Overall I enjoyed my experience here.
Really good food, reasonable prices, loved the atmosphere, nothing pretentious at all. Simple, good seafood.
First place I ate when I moved here. A few guys from work brought me here and I'm insanely happy they did. Best mahi sandwich I've ever had and I've eaten many from all over the state. I've been back a few times since then and it's incredible each and every time. Get your seafood fix here or go elsewhere and eat suck food.
Great price and great food.  Not a fancy place by any measure but if you like quality then you will like this place.
Amberjack was excellent!   I usually add tartar sauce to fish.   However, this was great without it!   In addition, the sides I had (wedge salad and potato salad) were excellent as well.   Don't let the type of restaurant fool you, the food is good!
Excellent food at a reasonable price. We have spent 5 days at Fort Walton Beach and have eaten here 3 times!!!
Great local seafood with reasonable prices that will not empty your pockets. If you haven't been here yet, check it out.
Amazing food!!! Although the gumbo was very average, the fish, Okra, and cheese grits were super yummy. The hush puppies were also amazing!!!!!!
phenomenal all around - service, food, atmosphere, etc. glad we skipped the more "touristy" spots for a local gem. go here. fried fish of the day = life changing. also, "stewby" works hard with the crew to ensure you thoroughly enjoy the experience. spoke volumes of the care he provides for the place.
Tried this place a couple of times. It is a very laid back environment but I like that. They have a deck like seating area, open when the weather is good, enclosed when not. I tried the smoked mullet fish dip, DELICIOUS! Had the fish tacos, which were tasty but not the best I've had. But I would say the best in the area. I also have tried the fried grouper sandwhich. It was very fresh and great serving size.
Updated June 2013-Have been going to Stewbys for over a year...it gets better and better.  That oyster poboy has me salivating at the thought of it.  WOW, so good. Love me some Stewby's!  My first time, I went with a friend and was so deeply engrossed in conversation I don't remember the food, but I was feeling like some fish tacos yesterday so I went back.  WOW, I was impressed!  The hot grilled fish with the cold, sweet cabbage slaw wrapped up in tortillas.  So juicy, so fresh and it can't be beat for $7.99...just awesome.  And I have been pulling in lately for an ice tea.  If you like fresh brewed ice tea for just $1.99...this is the place to go.  Staff is really friendly and the entire place is a definite recommend!
Gotta update my review... I've eaten here several times since I first rated Stewby's a 4. Have to bump it up to five now that I've tried more things and have been consistently impressed. Tonight I had the grilled fish sandwich and it was just as awesome as it always is. Yum!
Quaint and unassuming. Great value. Had the bacon wrapped - crab stuffed - deep fried jumbo shrimp. I still find myself daydreaming about it from time to time. Find this place!
Excellent fresh food at a fair price. Nice local business
I wanted fried fish, but they were out. This tells me two things: Their fish is pretty fresh and apparently its really good. I got Grilled Shrimp, Hushpuppies, Fries and Cheese Grits instead. So good. Reminded me of how my granddad used to make it.
The fish tacos are to die for. I also recommend getting the hush puppies! Although this is a fast food place the prices are those of a sit down restaurant.
Had a great catch of the day fish samwich there for lunch. Also tried the fried onions which were really nice.  The place was packed so there was a bit of a wait, but I decided the wait was worth it after the food arrived. You can tell the fish is extremely fresh because of how flavorful it is. If I had to rate this place on food alone I would give it five stars. The actual restaurant is pretty bare bones yet the prices for the food were a bit higher than one would expect for what seems to be a low maintenance operation. Nonetheless, I will be heading back to try more items off their menu.
Great food, good price, nice staff!  Platters are great for their price.  Friendly staff!
Great for fried simple foods.  Gumbo was pretty good as well.  Not a place you'd randomly just find, so you have to seek it out.
Simple menu, and affordable for fresh fish.  Fried grouper dinner and fish tacos were great.  Outdoor seating was nice, at the beach would be better, but I haven't found a good beach place yet.  Usually I don't comment on bathrooms, but very clean.  I would definitely return if in the area again.
I really wanna say this place sucks so all the tourists would stay away but that would be a lie..no one would believe me anyway since the place was packed on a Monday Night recently and not a single car in the lot was from Florida...I saw Georgia..Alabama..Louisiana..Texas..and Arkansas Plates but none from Florida till I arrived...Stewart has really done his Dad proud with this place cause I can remember when his Dad's Place; Sams Oyster House was part of the Big 3 in FWB along with Barnacle Bill's and The Sand Flea...he delivers just like his Dad did with great locally sourced fresh seafood at a fair price...I have had everything on the menu and like them all but my favorite regular menu item is the Fried Shrimp Dinner with Fries and Cheese Grits...Grilled Amberjack Sandwiches and Grilled Fish Taco's are also great....but a good tip is to look at The Daily Specials cause they are always stellar....in the last year some that really come to mind are The White Snapper...Blue Crab Cakes...and Bacon Wrapped/Crab Stuffed Fried Shrimp...I will note for people that this is not a Ruth/Chris Dining Experience...you will be eating in a basic glorified double wide so if you are looking for a special night out this is not your place..but if you just want the best seafood in town this is the spot..tourists feel free to keep dropping your dollars in Destin at Overpriced Traps like Back Porch..AJ'S..Deweys..etc...it will make it much easier to get my grub from Stewby's:)...Also wanted to note that no matter the crowd the Staff is always super-friendly and busts their hump to get your food out as quick as possible so make sure to tip them a few bucks...P.S No Booze:(
Been here for 3 days and just had the best food we have had since we have been here! I had the barracuda and my wife had the amberjack. Excellent! The price was less than half of the touristy places here. Definitely will be back before we leave! Highly recommend!
Thanks yelp! Great call on a great fish sandwich. This is more of a lunch spot and quite the spot it is. Excellent fried fish. Love the tarter sauce too...and I'm not a tarter sauce fan usually.  My only complaint is that the sandwiches don't include a couple of hushpuppies. I really wanted to try them, but my only option was to buy a side order of six.  But again, great fish sandwich!
The food was great! I ordered the fried shrimp basket and ate every last bite. I tried some of my boyfriends fish and oysters and they were also wonderful. The  seafood tastes fresh and was cooked to perfection. I would definitely go back!
Had a fantastic lunch. Fish was fresh and shrimp tacos were amazing. Dont forget to try the hush puppies. I cant wait to go back.
We had a very large group go. The shrimp tasted like they were frozen upon a time, but their fish, especially the "white snapper" was outstanding. If you are a hushpuppy fan, they have the best in the biz. Make sure you put their dry seasoning on all your food! A little pricey, but tasty.
One word, wow. Amazing fried shrimp, grilled amberjack, slaw, beans, etc. really impressive find. Better than that, the prices are well worth it. Will definitely be back.
This is one of the best and most affordable places to eat seafood in town. I was here last week and had one of the best crab cakes I've ever eaten. I highly recommend this 'out of the way' place!
We have owned a place in Ft Walton Beach for about 10 years.  Found this place on Yelp and decided to make the drive fo a late lunch and give it a shot.  Wow are we glad we did!!  Simply outstanding, and we will go back EVERY trip to FWB.
Excellent seafood without the pretension of the "fancy" restaurants. We drove quite a way from Destin and it was worth it. The fried shrimp is probably the best I've had. It's just lightly breaded so you get the great shrimp flavor. The BBQ beans were awesome as well.
The fried snapper sandwich was delicious.  We stopped by for a late afternoon lunch.  It's a small place, so I'd guess its really busy during normal lunch hours.
Super clean, fast, high quality food at an affordable price.  Everyone in our party ages 3-65 enjoyed it.  Way to go Stewby's!
Went through the drive thru and had the fried shrimp dinner.  It was absolutely wonderful. The hush puppies were just right and the fries...well, the fries were fries. Will definitely be going back!
My family visited from NC and I took them to all the more expensive places in Destin and on the water front and they weren't impressed by any of the food or prices!  I took them to Stewby's and they are still raving about how good it was!
This one is in Fort Walton and a drive from Destin but worth the drive. Another restaurant where you should order what you want, forget the sides and go right to the good stuff. Best shrimps and oysters during our visit. Would make the trip in a second on the next visit. For those on eastern time, they open at 10am.
Best seafood in Okaloosa County -- hands down.
Went back last night, brought the whole family bought $50 bucks worth of food and it was meh at best.  Was really disappointed.  The light seasoning from the last trip was gone, and it was just soggy fried food that you could get anywhere.  Hoping it was just a bad night, but it'll be a while before we come back.
Loved it! I had the chicken tacos and they were the bomb! It's a good and affordable place to take the family!
Great find in the Destin area. You'd think Destin being next to the Gulf would offer more affordable fresh seafood dining options but I guess because it's full of tourists restaurants don't necessarily have to offer a good value to draw in business. Hence the large number of overpriced tourists traps there. I had the Stewby platter with fish (red snapper) fried shrimp oysters, hash brown, and fries. It was all delicious. The place is clean and comfortable for semi enclosed dining. Prices were not cheap, but reasonable for the portions and freshness, and certainly a better value I feel than the places in Destin.
stayed in the destin area for a week. tried all the beach front seafood eateries. read all the reviews about stewys and had to try it. best seafood all week. worth the drive. a must try. The staff was extremely friendly. Great place to eat.
I was in Fort Walton Beach over the Christmas holidays, and wanted some good, fresh Gulf shrimp and found this place on Yelp.  After reading the reviews, I decided to give it a try.  It was close and it was early, so I thought I might beat the lunch crowd.  The folks were very friendly and answered my questions about the shrimp size in detail and with patience.  I placed my order and sat to wait at the picnic tables inside.  Though it was chilly outside, the temperature in the 'shanty' was nice and toasty.  After a short wait, my food was ready.  I dove right in, savoring every bite of those fresh, plump shrimp.  This place is a bit pricey, but for the quality and quantity of food you get, I'd say it's well worth the price and the wait.  The cole slaw had just the right amount of sweetness that I like and the potato salad was nice and chunky and tasty.  The hush puppies were good and hot, too.  Everything was delicious and I will definitely be back for more on my next trip to the area!
I had the fish dinner- amberjack with cole slaw and fried okra. The food was excellent.  The amberjack was fresh and lightly battered. It was cooked to perfection.  Definitely recommend this place.
Best and least expensive meal we had while vacationing in Ft Walton.  We went to Old Bay Steamers the night before and had a nice meal, but the quality and care taken with the food served at this restaurant was obvious.  Thoroughly enjoyed my fried oysters that were cooked to perfection.  The shrimp and fried amberjack were great as well.  Even the sides were quality(we had slaw and fries).  Would definitely go back!
I've eaten here several times now to try different menu items and everything I've had is very good and fresh.  The reason I didn't give 5 is that every time I've left I was still hungry.  When you go and have lunch and spend $14 you should've leave hungry.  The portions are meager at best but the quality is fantastic.  I've had the Amerjack dinner plate, shrimp sandwich and other fish sandwiches.  For the price the portions should be larger.  Increase them and I'll eat there at least once a week!
Excellent grilled shrimp and fish dinner. Home made sides and nice atmosphere.
Best soft shell crab sandwich I have ever eaten! It was beyond reasonable for a family of 6! The mullet backs were fried perfectly and everything tasted like it was caught that morning! Very clean restaurant!
