One of my favorite places ever. The pastries and desserts are out of this world and the food is so good! I always get the "Olga" sandwich; it's got the ajvar veggie spread and tabbouleh on it. Never had a bad experience, wish I could eat here every day!
Macaroons were delicious and that kept their rating high. The actual food was not desirable. However, the ham and cheese croissant was good. Their baked goods are on point but the food is lackluster. The strawberry fruit tart and chocolate cake were also yummie. Will be back for dessert and coffee. They also have random imported goods. If you need any doog (a salty middle eastern yogurt drink). This the place to go. Recommend the desserts!
Decent place..not as good as it use to be. When I order taboule..there is always a bed of shredded lettuce underneath..verryblittle taboule. change this and in a bigger fan for the price.
The croissants are the best around hands down! I adore the spinach and feta warmed with a nice shot of espresso. Almost every pastry I've tried has been delightful, i suggest the flowerless chocolate cake, rum balls, and eclairs. I have tried many of the local bakeries, and this little gem always has a surprisingly wonderful group of treats!
This place is just as awesome as every yelp & internet review we have read and seen pictures of. The staff is wonderful , helpful & informative of all the delicious French food they have to offer. Everything is handmade to perfection on site so it taste like your French grandma is in the back making all your favorites to eat. My husband & I are a young 28 year old couple & though this place is not "bumping " it has and will become our favorite lunch date / desert place. Stop in & try it out, you won't be let down . Promise !!!
One of my favorite places in FWB. I go about 2 times a week for lunch. Amazing food, desserts and coffee. Very friendly staff.
Outstanding!  We went for breakfast yesterday, which was a Friday morning.  We arrived around 8:30am and they were sold out of several items.  That didn't bother me since the items I wanted were available. I got a warm ham and cheese stuffed croissant and orange juice for breakfast.  I normally would have tried their coffee or espresso drinks but I am pregnant and try to limit my caffeine intake.  The croissant was........ insanely good. My husband got the almond croissant.  We haven't had a good almond croissant since we lived in Washington, DC... almost 7 years ago.  Their almond croissant was amazing.  We got two more to go so I could try one.  And it was so good! I hear great things about their lunches so we will definitely be trying that out soon.  The dessert case was also packed full of goodies. I am so glad we found this.  Thank you, Yelp!
Macaroons look task, but for me I tried the almond croissant...it was ok...filled overflowing almond paste..a bit too much for me.
yummy, I love the rum balls, the flour less chocolate cake, I love everything there. Clean and great customer service
I'm not going to ask why the guy behind the counter stepped out and had about 15 unsavory stains on the front portion of his blue t shirt below the belt area.  Is he the one making the food?  Gasp*  I threw a suspicious glance down on the delicious sandwich that I partially devoured and decided that it looked clean enough and continued to wolf it down because, well yes dickweeds, I am just THAT nasty.  Grl!  On top of the stained t shirt, he was wearing the most heinous orange and black fleece sweatpants that even your own mother won't let you wear around the house aside from on Halloween let alone out in public.  But he did.  And he worked there. Aside from that, the place was great!  Cute tables and chairs, friendly enough service, good pastrami sandwich.  You can pick your own bread, meat, cheese, etc.  They had croissant as a bread option, which was awesome.  the food seemed fresh and tasty, with some Mediterranean options as well.
Bon Appetit is a quiet unassuming French Bakery and Pastry Shop that also serves light lunches which include an array of salads..soups..and sandwiches...when you walk in on the right is the Pastry and Baked Good Counter and on the left are a few tables for patrons who want to eat a pastry or a lunch here..it's just like being in a Parisian Café except for the fact your in hot/humid Fort Walton Beach and your view out the window is of Soleil Place instead of The Champs Elysees...based on all the positive reviews I was pretty excited to try the place, but at the end I found the experience to be a little underwhelming..the bad experience started when I was looking at all the Pastries in the counter and I asked the woman(who may have been the owner) What's Good?...and I got the dreaded response "Everything's good here"...so I trying for more information asked the natural follow up What's your favorite? and I got back the double dreaded response "There all my favorites"...sigh..thank you Ms Personality 2014..at this point I just ordered a couple sandwiches to go...a couple Ham and Cheese Croissants...and a bunch of different pastries....the sandwiches we got were Pastrami and Chicken Salad...they were kind of small for the price and were only ok tasting...all of the pastries we found to be bland and rather lacking in flavor...in their defense though, French Pastries are not as sweet as American Desserts are, and I think the lack of sweetness was what did not appeal to us...other people may find the less sweet desserts more enjoyable which clearly many people do...the Ham and Cheese Croissants were the star of the show and I would definitely make a trip back for these...a light buttery croissant stuffed with ham and swiss cheese...these things after a minute in the microwave are awesome...besides the Ham and Cheese Croissants though ,everything looked far better than it ended up tasting...kind of similar to when you see Kate Upton in a unphotoshopped picture is how I would describe the whole Bon Appetit Experience for us...this is a 3 star place for me, though I know I am in the minority here, because most people I know are huge fans of Bon Appetit
Went here yesterday right as it opened. Friendly service and atmosphere. The food was delish i got a buttery croissant and my husband got a cappuccino and a cherry danish. We both shared a raspberry chocolate ganache torte. Wonderful. We want to make this our new saturday morning spot. We stayed for about an hour just talking and enjoying the day. No rush and no feeling like we were taking up space. Very nice to find a place like this.
Came here 3 times. First time was lunch.  Ham and cheese croissant with grape leaves. Good.   Checked in with yelp and got a baguette for $1 Second time came on a weekend and got a chocolate croissant (aah my GI is going to kill me!) Third time I came they were closed... and renovating.  But a man in a yellow hat (no lie) told me that they would be open Jan 9. Its a cutesy little spot.  If you've lived in Paris don't try to compare this place.  Take it for face value, and you'll appreciate it more.
Fresh baked breads, pastries, and dessert, what could possibly be bad? Lunch sandwiches are made on fresh baked goods, the soups are delicious, and the desserts speak for themselves. It's a little family owned and operated restaurant and they are wonderful. It's nice to sit and chat with the owner during the quiet business hours. The restaurant is small so it can get crowded during the lunch rush! The chocolate croissants are divine!
This is a great place to stop for lunch.  The service was good, the food came out quickly and everything was delicious.  I had the soup and half-sandwich combo with the tomato basil soup and half a croussant with tuna salad.  Yum! I can't wait to go back and sample some more goodies.
My husband and I have been here twice for lunch an it's been amazing both times! I had the ham and cheese croissant and it is to die for. Warm, melted cheese baked into the croissant, so good! My hubby usually gets some combo of a sandwich, always delicious. The macaroons are to die for! I love them, they are a tad expensive as most macaroons are but they are worth the price. My husband has also had the eclair and it was delicious too! Such a great little place to go!
One of the best gems in Fort Walton.  Great sandwiches, excellent chicken salad.  I especially love the middle eastern platter.  Hummus, stuffed grape leaves, tabbouleh salad and a marinated potato salad.....  A couple wedges of tomatoes and feta. They are always friendly and speedy.  Food is totally consistent!  It's a nice place to 'lunch'.  Of course, the desserts are off the chain - but make sure to ask for a description.  What I thought was chocolate cake ended up being meringue cookie.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't what I thought I was getting!  I have never heard a negative complaint nor had a bad time here!
I've lived here for years, never thought to try this place until I started reading the Yelp reviews just recently.  As a fan of chicken salad, it was only logical that I try that as my first meal here.  I got it on their French bread and, when people say it is the best French bread they've had, believe it!  I could have eaten the bread and nothing else!  The chicken salad was pretty good, too.  I'll be back.
An amazing bakery.  We took home an assortment of individual cakes, pastries, cheesecakes, etc...The prices were very reasonable ranging in .85 to $3.50, I believe.  Real buttercream, homemade croissants, etc...Everything our group of 6 sampled was amazing.  The service was very friendly. There is also a lunch menu, we glanced at it and it looked very tasty and reasonably priced!   We were staying at a beach house in Navarre and bringing home dessert from here was a great idea.
Fantastic pastries, great service!
Good place. they have orangina. check them out.
Hand Down best chicken salad sandwich ever!!!! Focaccia bread ,,, melts in your mouth!!! I cant wait to come back and try something else!
Went today with Kat L. She adores the grape leaves here which I'll have to take her word on. I had the pick your own sandwich combo, turkey with Gouda on a croissant. Is it only me or does getting a sandwich when the bread is a croissant make it like a million times better. This sandwich was good because they also did NOT skimp on the turkey, loaded it up. The sandwich was super filling so I had to take a dessert home, mocha cake which was beyond delicious as I ate it watching the Season 2 premier of Girls. If I lived closer I would make picking up a dessert part of my weekly Girls watching scenario but I do not
Came here for lunch based on all the rave reviews and it did NOT disappoint! Delicious sandwich and soup (great lunch special), great service, and delicious dessert as well. I can't wait to come back and try some of their items to buy: blue cheese, pâté, breads, pasteries, tabbouleh, etc. they had a great variety of excellent homemade goods. I really loved the feel AND the food - what more could you want??
Pastries, fresh bread, and great breakfast.  Haven't hit it up for lunch, but it looks good.  The only thing I dont enjoy is the coffee, tastes a bit bitter.
Chocolate croissants...that's all you need to know! Give this place a try for breakfast or lunch, you won't be disapointed!
Had lunch here 3 times over the course of my two week stay. I ordered the ham and swiss sandwich on french bread twice and the chicken salad on french bread once. I also had the chocolate croissant once, a cherry croissant once and a blueberry scone/muffin once. The sandwiches were very good. Served with lettuce, tomato and onion and a touch of mayo. The bread was excellent. If I was a local, I would pick up a loaf every other day. Service was okay and seemed to get better once my face was recognized the other two days I came. I would eat here again and again if my trip was extended. Very good.
Just had a late lunch there. Delicious food at great prices, will definitely be back. Dessert choices are almost overwhelming!
A wonderful family owned restaurant with fabulous pastries and thoroughly enjoyable Mediterranean-flavored lunches.  Soups are so flavorful.  My favorite lunches are the mezze and chicken salad.
Best baguette of the area!  Great pastries too.
I found the sandwiches bland and dry. It is a good amount of food for the price.  My friend's croissant was a tastier choice for bread than the ciabatta.  The lentil soup was ok, a little underseasoned.  I ordered orange juice expecting fresh juice or a glass at least , but I received a plastic bottle of Tropicana. I saw the exquisite display of sweet pastries . Those looked like a safe bet.
We've been going here for over 10 years when we are down in Destin/Ft. Walton.  They have the best french bread on the Gulf Coast.  Desserts are also amazing.   Tabouleh is also one of the best I have had.
The food is great. The service is great . Cherry is one of the best servers in any restaurant. Love the chicken salad plate.
