This little gem of a cafe is kinda tucked away off the beaten path, but it is the JAM! I'm so happy I took the time to stop in and order lunch. I had the Southwest Wrap with a side salad. The wrap is vegetarian and absolutely delicious. All the veggies were perfect and you could have easily made two meals out of the portion size. I loved spices in the black bean hummus and the avocado and chipotle yogurt cream were fabulous. This preggo was very satisfied! I will be back, especially since there are meat friendly options for the hubs. I'm also excited to find out more information about there local food co-op and potential cooking classes.
I had a delicious Portabella mushroom melt in a gluten free warp (with no dairy) and it was better than good. I took my family here in Florida to get away from the fried options I found were rampant in the Destin/FWB area. I can think of a million ways to prepare seafood but for some reason FRIED was the specialty. We had a pesto chicken pizza to share as an appetizer and my husband, mom and dad were all very surprised with how delicious the healthy organic food dishes were. My mother had an almond milk shake that blew her mind. The owner of the cafe was in and was very friendly and gave us a look at the organic food co-op that they run and told us all about the chiropractic practice she and her family run along with a yoga studio. The new improved chocolate brownies (I believe Gluten Free/Vegan) were over the top moist amazing. It was a great little cafe and when I go back to visit again I will be stopping in to eat and smile. I would be a smoothie regular there! I had a mango momma to go and it was just what I needed.
Very good quality food, very fresh and organic. I had the collard green wrap with chicken, I loved it. Mango mama smoothie was very earthy and fresh. Fresh fresh fresh!!
Found on Yelp (obvs) and location was tucked away but not hard to find. Staff was friendly and accommodating when I asked about a substitution.  They accept all major credit cards.  Food was fresh and tasty as well as fresh selection of herbal iced tea. If I am back in the area, I would love to try everything on the menu. Gluten free and vegetarian options available as most dishes incorporated super foods and veggies.
Went to the wine tasting this past Saturday and had an awesome experience! All the wines were very good and the cheese plate with some apples slices was delicious! Will def be back for lunch soon!
I really enjoyed this place.  It's kind of hidden away so it's easy to miss.  The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated and the employees are very nice.  The ingredients are super fresh.  I'm glad I tried it.  It's nice to have a healthy and different option to the regular lunch spots.  I just wish they would open on the weekends and for dinner.
People here are extremely nice & friendly. I ordered a wheat grass shot and they went outside to get the wheat grass from the garden, washed it, and then came back inside to juice it for me. I also had a green smoothie which was fabulous and ran into some very spiritual people here that I was able to engage on very enlightening conversations with
Glad I found this little place BOOKMARKED in my yelp app. Before coming to this place I checked out their website to get a feel for what they offered. Turns out they also have a nearby yoga studio and a CO-Op grocery type program. When I came, I arrived 30 minutes before opening hours so I took a nap in their parking lot and surprised they didn't call the cops on me but they humored me. I ordered their chocolate banana type smoothie and it tasted delicious!! They grinded up some caocao which left some bits of chocolate to chew on between sips of yummy banana and almond milk combination. They also offer organic veggie/vegan dishes for lunch but I didn't have a chance to try it out that day. The shop itself is very clean, it has that namaste vibe oozing from its decor to the way the room is shaped. In a corner of the store they have a small co-op grocery program where they bring in a variety of veggies and cheeses from local grown farmers on different days that you are assigned to. It's $50 to sign up and ranging from how big a tub you want to order you can get a bi-weekly pick up for $25 (half tub) or $50 (full tub). You don't get to pick what veggies that go in the tub but you also have the opportunity to learn how to cook different types of foods that you wouldn't normally get at the local publix or winn dixie. It's great for people who are looking for a cheap alternative to get healthy foods in your house every two weeks. While you're there definitely check that out and try one of their yummy smoothies/juices. I'm hoping to one day try out their yoga program as well. It's about 15 minutes from Eglin AFB and no military discount but hey healthy is still worth it.
Wonderful hidden gem!  The chicken salad and chia bread sandwich are to die for and food was reasonably priced~ $8 for lunch.
10 dollars for a sandwich with no flavor and a very small side is way too much. No toasted bun. Nice people. Good effort.
I called in an order for myself and four co-workers.  We had 2 Bacon Cheeseburgers, 2 Tuna Melts, and I had the Portobello Melt.  Each order came with a side of potatoes.  I also purchased five of the homemade cookies from the counter display.  The food was awesome!  Portobello Melt was fantastic and my four co-workers were very pleased with the cheeseburgers and tuna sandwiches.  The staff was very friendly.   I would highly recommend.
Improved & growing. I now eat here weekly & am very happy with all aspects of the dining experience. Try it. You'll like it.
I can never find anywhere to get healthy food that is affordable and quick.  Cafe Organic was the perfect spot to get a quick healthy lunch.  It made me feel good the rest of the work day.  The inside is really cool with a high bar and all different hand painted tables.
