A little spendy, but totally worth it! Our waitress was a hoot! Plus, She was very accommodating! The food was phenomenal!! I can't wait to go back! When we parked, it looks kind of "lacking". I didn't think it would be good. When we went in, there were boxes of wine everywhere and it's kind of clustered, BUT the service and food was outstanding!!
Visited this place while I was on vacay and thanks to help, we visited this place while they were doing their early bird specials. For the price of 14.95 you get to pick from ribeyes to fish of the day( which is always seem to be trigger fish). 3 out of 4 people at our table picked rib eyes while I picked the fish of the day. The rib eyes also comes with either a baked potatoes or fresh veggies. For my fish I picked the baked potatoes. Oh and for appetizers we picked the scallops and shrimp dish. It was shrimp and scallops on top of a curry sauce. It was little but really good. No complaints. Lol Okay so for entrees, everyone was happy with their rib eyes. I was disappointed with my fish. It didn't have much flavor and was little. I'll get something else next time I'm in town. So for the entrees, nothing spectacular. The only dishes that stood out was the appetizers and desserts. For desserts we got the tiramisu and creme brulee. The tiramisu was really good! And the creame brulee was also good and I really liked the fruits on the sides. Overall i would come back again to try other dishes and get the tiramisu again! Yum! :)
I'm giving this restaurant a 2 star rating.  The food was actually pretty good, I'd give the food 4 1/2 stars. The wait staff did the best they could given the environment they work in, I'd give them 4 stars. Management/ownership on the other hand is awful!  Zero stars for them. On our recent visit, our server told us about all the various specials they had, including the catch of the day off the main menu, with the choice of 4 fish, one of which was grouper. They also had their early bird special fish of the day, trigger fish for $14. I ordered the catch of the day with grouper. This dish included a sautéed shrimp topping and was $24. When I got my food, I was brought about a 3-4 ounce piece of grouper with 2 broccoli stalks as my steamed vegetables.  When I asked my server about it, he checked with the chef and told me I got the early bird special with grouper and that didn't come with the sautéed shrimp. I decided not to mess with it, thinking it was no big deal, even though that wasn't a choice on the menu. However when I was given my check, they charged me $22 for my dish!  I asked our server about it, he checked with the chef and came back to tell me there was nothing he could do. He asked me if I wanted to talk to the manager and I said I did. He came back to tell me that the manager wasn't coming and again there was nothing he could do. I asked again for him to get the manager. When she finally came, she was combative, irrational, and very unprofessional. She would not take responsibility for anything, continued to blame the server for the error, and in the end, told us she was not sorry for the error and stormed away, making a scene in her own restaurant. Our server was very apologetic, very professional and even asked us to take the difference out of his tip. I will never frequent this restaurant again. There are too many other choices to choose from in the area that are every bit as good, if not better. One of which is across the street, I think it was called Mile's Crab House. Yelp is what brought us to their restaurant, it's only fair I share my personal experience.
Great fresh food. Go inside, wait staff is excellent. Chef is a Vietnamese and added a pleasant Asian touch to the meals. Try it. You won't be sorry.
What a waste..Had the grilled fish of the day which was grouper, tasteless. Mom had the stuffed shrimp (stuffin was supposed to be crab more like mushy - salty goop) husband had the Seafood pasta...more like garlic - butter soup with noodles and seafood. Pricey. The decor was 1950-ish.... floral overload with plants and worn down benches for seating.I ALWAYS read Yelp reviews before I dine... This was a total BUST...All the patrons were elderly... just a guess but maybe that's why the food was bland?? To cater for their clientel. ..Go to Rick's Crab Trap waayyy cheaper, bigger portions. .friendlier staff.
Wow. Can't help but give 5 stars. And rarely would I give it based largely on service. But, for and affordable restaurant, this place offers 5 star service. Great creations by the chef. I had the shrimp and grits, covered in a cheese/crab sauce. It was excellent, again at an affordable price! Not much too look at from the outside, and you would probably not pick this place, unless you knew...
I visited also for just dessert. I ordered a brownie. It was horrible. I have never had a wet mushie brownie. It didn't taste like brownie or even cake. I wouldn't recommend this place. Also the menu prices seemed quite pricey.
Love this little place! The food was amazing and the staff was awesome! At first the outside didn't look all that good but the food and staff made up for it. Also the owner came to greet us and made her own special sauce which was amazingly good.
We decided to try this out after reading the reviews. We were seated immediately, however it took our waiter over 15 minutes to take our order. We ordered our prime rib medium and it came out well done and chewy. The baked potatoes didn't taste fresh. The bread and dipping sauce was really good! It was an average meal, but not a place we will return to! Dewey Destin is still our favorite in the area!
Food was delicious!! Don't be fooled by the building outside. Prices are great, service was great, and the food was cooked wonderfully. We had the spring roll app and all of us had the steak and crab legs.
Excellent ! Super menu, great prime rib, perfectly cooked. The roast pork in wine gravy is best flavor. We sat outside, great fall weather. Early bird special till 6pm. Closed Monday's
My new favorite seafood restaurant in Florida! Thanks to Yelp, my friends and I came for our last dinner in the Destin/Ft. Walton area. And man, what a hidden gem this place is. Pan fried whole red snapper Stuffed Portobello- crawfish cream sauce Papaya salad- light & a good palate cleanser (not on the menu) Orange ginger creme brulee Oil for bread (with garlic, scallions, chili pepper)-so good & flavorful! (we actually brought a bottle to bring back home) Everything was super scrumptious. One fantastic dish after another came out... Our dinner table was covered in food. The chef and his wife Noi were both so nice. Noi talked to us for a while (not many other Asians eat at her restaurant). Thank you Noi & Chef Minh for a wonderful evening and delicious eating!
*3.5 stars* It was pretty good. I had crab stuffed shrimp. I really wish there were more crab in the stuffing. My husband got steak and crab legs, both very small portions for the price. We were pleased with our meals so decided to get dessert. We got tiramisu and key lime pie. Both good. Our 2 year old got fish nuggets- she's picky and still ate them. Pretty tasty. The staff is very good, very attentive.
BEST FOOD I've had in this area, hands down. Yes I'm a food snob and also from NYC so trust when I tell you I know good food and good service! This place is rather small and hidden, nothing special on the outside, a bit dated on the inside, offers some outdoor seating as well, but by god the food and service are outstanding, no doubt about it!!! I saw some people walk in and walk out because the place didn't look like what they expected it to look or perhaps they were discouraged because the clientele was a bit older, too bad for them though, missed out on some tasty food. Check the pictures I put up with this review! Ok let's start: We asked to be seated outside because it was a nice day! Great idea! Food - we ate the following: 1. stuffed portobello for appetizer (really good although I was skeptical at first) 2. Linguini with clams in white wine sauce - really good and with plenty of sauce for bread dipping. 3. Spaghetti meatballs - wow! The sauce is authentic marinara, made in house. None of that fake ragu bs you're used to getting in chain restaurants! 4. Chicken Parm with a side of broccoli - another amazing dish. All food came with salad (awesome balsamic dressing) and bread with dipping oil. The server, Sue, was great, friendly and real, no BS type of woman. The chef is Vietnamese, from NY nonetheless :) but you'd swear he is a battle- hardened Italian from Nonna's village in Sicily! Trust me, go eat here!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks to the reviewers who convinced us to eat here. We did the early bird special- chicken parm and a salmon dish. All good. I wish we should have picked one of their more unique items though. Bread and oil came before the meal which was nice. We also had a one year old who is in the throw everything off the table stage. Our waiter was excellent, not minding at all. (We cleaned up after ourselves, don't worry). Food came quickly. If you're craving Italian instead of the typical fried seafood I definitely would go here. Unpretentious but yummy.
Waited over an hour for the food to be delivered. With kids, this was miserable. I will never eat here again. Period. Can't speak to the quality of the food BECAUSE I AM STILL WAITING.
This was a very good little place! The outside is a little deceiving but the food is very good! I ordered the baked stuffed mahi mahi with a side of their rice and it was delicious. The salad I relieved before my meal was a little small but still good. I was with a group of 9 people and everyone liked their food. I also recommend the key lime pie for dessert!
Family dinner while on vacation. What a pleasant surprise!  Definitely a time where you can't judge a book by the cover. We had fantastic and friendly service. We had a variety of things from the menu from fresh fish to beef panang. We have a party of eight that all ordered different menu items and each was delicious!
The service was very slow at first. we waited at the front door and then once we were seated we waited about 10 minutes before a waiter came to our table. Thankfully his service and the food made up for it. I got the crab stuffed shrimp and it was very good. The people next to us ordered snapper and it came as a whole fish.. It looked delicious and they gobbled it up! I'll come back.
We had a hard time finding a good restaurant during vacation. After going to all the touristy places you find in the book you find at the front desk, we finally found this awesome restaurant and had a fantastic meal! She had stuffed shrimp and I had the 6oz. sirloin with crab claws! mine was 21.99 and we finished it all up with key lime pie. Please go to this place, this is my very first review on yelp, but after having my nights out ruined by every fried whatever joint I ate at while trying to enjoy my vacation we FINALLY found a place worth your hard earned money.
This is the best hidden jem  in the area. The menu is large, but every single item was spectacular. Will be back again.
This place is a must! The service is amazing and everyone is super friendly. Ask for the backstory on the owners. The grilled shrimp and scallops appetizer is amazing and the grilled grouper is off the charts!
Decided to try this place based on the good Yelp reviews, and we were not disappointed. Delicious crab n corn chowder, good ceasar, stuffed shrimp was excellent. Our waitress was personable, helpful, charming and efficient.
Execellent service and food, We saw the glowing reviews on Yelp and decided to  check it out. I would have never stopped there based on the outside appearance since its so simple. Kind of drab interior however the food and service quckly make up for it. We and steak and pork chops - both were awesome. Daily early bird specials until 630 pm also, Glad I found a new place in this area next time I visit!
Man, oh, man! Excellent meal. I was reluctant to go because of the name and the outside appearance, but my wife insisted on having Paella at the beach. The "Paella" was in quotation marks because it was Chef Minh's take on this tasty seafeast. No octopus or squid or fish . . . just shrimp, clams, mussels, scallops, and chicken on a bed of what may be the tastiest rice, peppers, and tomatoes I've ever had. The salad was fresh, with an excellent balsamic house dressing.  Crème Brulé with fresh fruit and whipped cream was mighty good and well-presented. The bread pudding was perfect. The only downside was the toughness of the otherwise tasty pork chops. (This is the main reason it doesn't get five stars.) Sealand is definitely a keeper. Interesting story about the chef and the name as well. We hope to go back again soon.
Interesting there were so many great reviews about this place. The inside looked worse than outside to begin with. At the beginning service was quick and friendly, actually nobody was rude during our experience. However, to get to the point, we waited 30 minutes for a brownie and 2 cappuccinos. We only came for dessert not dinner. They did not have the capability to make decaf espresso so the waiter offered to use decaf drip coffee and some lovely foamed milk- being from the west coast I cringed but decided that would be fine. Our coffees arrived, all 20 oz of them...90% decaf drip and some warm milk on top minus the froth hence the word CAPPUCCINO. Annoyed I tried to look past it, until we got our bill which was a $10 charge for the coffee (it was not a cap) that we did not drink. When I gave the waiter our card I explained to him that he didn't use espresso and we weren't grealty fond of our drinks and perhaps he could charge for what they were, a drip coffee. He spoke with the manager who apparently said sorry this is the way it is. The brownie was less than mediocore. If you're going to offer a coffee drink like a cappucino, spend 20 minutes on utube or wherever and figure out how to make one! As for the brownie I had a Duncan Hines box I should have just gone home and spent the 20 minutes to make it...Most of my fury could have been mitigated if the "manager" would have come to the table and discussed the situation and had a reasonable solution besides doing nothing at all. CUSTOMER SERVICE and a bad review go a long way, hopefully one day you will figure it out.
Food was very good and service was excellent, but the portions are very small for what you are paying. Would go more often but my family left hungry after we spent $117
I chose this restaurant for me and my co-workers as it was one of the few open on sunday that seemed good.  The high ratings on yelp gave me hope.  A hope that was dashed on the rocks. We started by ordering steak, pasta, and fish of the day (triggerfish) I ordered a ceaser salad. Thirty minutes drag by, and I recieve my cesar salad.  No joke; 30 minutes to get a salad.   10 minutes later my co-workers receive their salads.  Caesar is apparently 10 minutes less prep time than a garden salad! We then proceeded to wait one more entire hour for the entree.  We sat there for nearly an hour, listening to bad music, getting more and more angry, until finally our entrees arrived. The food?  Pretty good, nothing spectacular.  Not as good as what I got from stewby's shanty for 8 bucks.   Definitely not worth the wait!  The waiter never made any mention of the ungodly amount of time our lunch order was taking.   I have not left a $0 tip in a long time... but they earned it, both by the complete neglect of our wasted time, and by failing to make any acknowledgement of the fact that 5 men had been sitting at a table looking incredibly bored for about an hour with nothing to eat.  Not to mention I am now fired from choosing the places that we eat from lunch.  I so enjoy greasy fast food burgers! WOW!  Avoid at all costs, people.
The food was really delicious; (had Trigger fish for the first time). The service was wonderful (ask for Sue); the atmosphere was laid back and friendly. Will go back every time I'm in Ft. Walton.
Appearances can certainly be deceiving.   In this no-frills, non-descript type of building with the roofing literally labeled with the words "Seafood Steak Pasta", we literally found a treasure trove of food-gasmic pleasure. I really didn't have any expectations despite the high overall yelp rating, and when we were greeted with an expansive menu, my expecations actually dipped because most restaurants can't truly execute well too many items. But we were here, and we were going to give it a good shot. Bring on the bread....with their house-seasoned oil (garlic, scallions, chili pepper).  It's kind of ridiculous, but this was seriously the best oil I've ever used with any kind of bread, anywhere.  It will not overwhelm you with flavor per se, but if you're attentive to what's going on, all three ingredients take their turns to shine through the olive oil.  We liked this so much that the chef's wife gave us a jar to take home (their hospitality and generosity can result in a separate five-star rating in and of themselves). When we found ourselves food-gasming over their simple house-seasoned oil for their bread, I had an inkling that we may be in for a great night.  But I still held my breath.   Next we had the Shrimp and Scallop appetizer with curry sauce- A massaman curry with a perfect blend of sweetness, creaminess, and kick.  Scallop was wrapped with smoked bacon.  Both shrimps and scallop were perfectly cooked.  Again, the dish doesn't overwhelm your taste buds, it treats them just right.   Stuffed Portabella Mushroom- crawfish, andouille sausage, scallions, all inside a crispy panko-crusted portabella mushroom, covered with a lightly flavored sauce that brought all the ingredients together.  When I cut into this large fried mushroom and saw that it managed to hold together, and then actually tasted my bite, I knew then and there that this place was beyond just "legit".  There was some serious thought and skill put into making this, and it definitely showed- not just flavor-wise, but aesthetically as well.  It was a beautiful dish (see pic) for the eyes and the palate. In conversing with the chef's wife, we found out that she was Thai.  Since our friends had just been to Thailand a few months ago, they started talking about Thai food- and the next thing we know without us asking for it, she goes into the kitchen and makes us a green papaya salad which was spicily scrumptious!  If you know your Thai food, make a request, and she just might make it for you. Pan-fried Whole Red Snapper- One of the hostesses mentioned to us that the fish special of the day was REALLY good.  At $34 for a 1.5 lb snapper, it wasn't cheap, but it was enough to feed both my wife and myself as our main entree!  But more than that, the way the fish was flavored was just awesome.  Chef Minh told us that he'd first rub the fish with olive oil and freshly cut garlic, insert rosemary in the stomach, and then put his special rub (that you can purchase) on the fish before it was pan fried.  So simple...so good, especially with a brief dip into their house-made chili-flavored oil (different from the one used for the bread).  The seasoned rice that came with the fish was likely flavored with a hint of Thai sweet chili sauce-it was a perfect complement to the fish. Our friends each ordered grilled sirloin and a cluster of crab legs for their entrees.  Now sirloin really doesn't excite me at all, but when I took a bite of theirs, I was pretty floored by how perfectly the steak was executed.  It made sense after we found out that Chef Minh had worked for 18 years at a steakhouse prior to starting Sealand.   Our meal was so awesome at this point that we had to get some dessert (even if it was just a little bit).   Orange ginger creme brulee- Something different, and definitely good.  There's a common theme to our meal- the flavors always come together perfectly.  It's that phenomenal. I wondered aloud to my friends whether people in Fort Walton Beach can really truly appreciate what they have in Sealand.  With the care, thought, and execution of the food, they could definitely do well in a larger metropolitan area.   If we're back in the area, this place will ALWAYS be on our list, so long as Chef Minh and his wife are at the helm.
Great place and ambiance. Had the almond crusted mahi mahi which was great. Husbands tuna steak was excellent as well. Our kids had pasta dishes and they loves them. Also had crab claws for appetizer and they were the best this trip.
After reading other reviews we decided to try for ourselves. The food and service was awesome.  We will definitely go to Sealand restaurant next time we come. On vacation to fort Walton . I had the paella and my husband had seafood pasta, absolutely delicious on both counts. Bk from Memphis
Amazing! We had catch of the day.  Simply amazing. We had the bread pudding with rum sauce, which is divine. For an appetizer we had the Creole Shrimp which was very good. I would highly suggest this place. Its away from the tourist area of Destin but just across the bridge. Well worth it!!!!
The decor is funky but as others have said the food is outstanding. Loved the trigger fish both grilled and topped with crab meat, artichokes and capers. Perfectly steamed broccoli on the side. Absolutely delicious. Home made balsamic salad dressing perked up an otherwise blah salad.   Service was great too with very attentive servers. No room for dessert. Lose the dead plants on the porch and clean up the exterior and more folks would come in for the delicious food.
Fresh seafood, not frozen.  The fish market is right next door and they change specials based on what comes into the market that day that looks good.   I would say the food was very fresh, but not exactly the most flavorful thing I have ever eaten.  The crab cakes were good, not great.  The salad was good, not great.  The bread was good, not great.  The fish of the day (grouper) was good, not great.  I did love the crabmeat stuffing on top of the fish.  My husband LOVED the seafood pasta with alfredo (he's a sucker for alfredo).   One thing I LOVED was the baked potato ALL THE WAY (everything on it).  It was almost like a twice baked potato with all the toppings mixed into every bite, it was DELICIOUS! The decor is a little odd, a mixture of Asian/Italian.  Yelp says they are open until 11pm, but actually they may close earlier so it is best to call.  They don't have a closing time posted and when I called, the lady on the phone told me "oh we will serve for probably another hour or so" (that was at 8:30).
My wife and I stopped here when passing through Fort Walton Beach. The food was amazing. Excellently prepared and delicious. We shared the Grilled Triggerfish and Shrimp and Grits. I highly recommend this restaurant. The Ginger Creme Brulee is Superb! A great alternative to your megachain restaurant.
Great meal and great service.  Ate here last year when we were in vacation and did not disappoint again.
AMAZING! I have eaten all over the world. I love seafood. And this place is on the top of my list. Never disappointed. The Chef takes pride in every dish! And that's what we pay for. The price is on point. I would pay more for each dish and feel satisfied. Bottom line if you want seafood go here. I hear the steak and prime rid is on point. I've never had it because the seafood hits the mark. The service is great. If you are in destin or fort walton beach this is where you need to eat.
Arrived to a 3/4 full restaurant but still took 30 mins to be sat...bus boy brought us water... 10 mins later waitress finally comes around.  We verify that chicken marsala can be prepared unbreaded due to gluten intolerance after about 20 mins our salads show up lol. 40 minutes later entrees and guess what! Breaded chicken of course. Promptly sent back and per the chef he will only now cook a steak or plain grilled chicken so my daughter picks chicken. At no time does a manager come to check on the problem and best of all they charge us the same price for plain ole grilled chicken. Bottom line is its overpriced for small portions and lackluster service!
Sealand, has been open for about 3 years now and the owner is also the cook.  If any of you remember a restaurant that looked like an old pirate ship that was destroyed by a hurricane.  Well, the cook for that famous place is the owner/cook here now and takes great pride in his product. The dining room looks country, but also upscale with its white table cloths.  Phillip my waiter followed the owner here.  His service was that of a high in restaurant with all of the handling etiquette that you would expect from such a place.  In fact, I noticed that all of the waiters had the same professional manners.  Every waiter seemed to know the exact status of the customer's meals--giving time to time updates.   I love to people watch--what I noticed mostly were the locals.  The wait staff calling customers by their first names, saying things like, "see you next week", or "tell your Momma hi for me".   This is definitely my kind of place, local flare. My prime rib was perfect!  Every mouth-watering bite cooked just the way I love it.  One note: I got a beer called the Yuengling Amber, (see photo), and it was served in water type goblet.  Just thought that was odd.   I really liked this place, local, country and classy.
Loved this place! Passing by this restaurant on the highway, I didn't think much of it until I read the reviews here and was convinced to give it a shot, and I'm so glad I did. All the food we had here was amazing! I especially loved the pan fried snapper (a whole fish). The grouper was pretty good too. Save room for dessert, the tiramisu and creme brûlée (homemade) are fantastic!
Children are not welcome here. They have two signs near the entrance that show a crying child with a large red X over him. We took our three kids and left.
Ignore the outside appearance and cheesy interior decor. The food is great. Service can be suspect but ended up fine. Salad is basic. I got their special whole snapper catch of the day and it was awesome. The chef is from Vietnam and wife from Thailand so they know how to cook seafood. Stock with local fish. My wife got Pad Thai and enjoyed it. Authentic flavors but not as spicy. Ask for more heat if you are used to spicier Thai food.  Overall a great meal.
Great dinner where the while family cleaned their plates. I highly recommend this place especially with the early bird specials.  Great value for great food.  Did I mention clean plates all the way around?
You would never think so from outside but the food here is great. All our courses were excellent. Ordered potstickers as appetizer, fried oysters as entree, side salad (included) and tiramisu as dessert. All great.  Service was EXCELLENT.  They need a makeover in the restaurant but food & service are great.
Very, very disappointed.  We ordered appetizers and entrees.  My crab dinner was pathetic, I felt like someone ran to Walmart to pick up frozen crab, heated it and threw it on my plate.  The ribeye special my son ordered was a laugh and a half, my wife said her mahi-mahi was "ok" at best.  My daughters shrimp was a normal plate that you would order from basic chain seafood place.  That said, my four year old said his chicken fingers were yummy.  All in all I will never stop there again which is their loss because we are here for a month and we like to eat seafood!!
Some of the best food in the area. We have been twice this week.  Early bird deals are great. Prime rib was fine, not as juicy as I like but fine. Crab cakes are fair. Shrimp and grits were very good. Fish of the day was trigger fish and I got it grilled. Absolutely perfect.  Simple, fresh and exactly what I've been looking for all over the coast for three years.  For the early bird it is $12.99 with salad and a side so it's also significantly cheaper than fish elsewhere.  Calamari is fine but there is so much else to try I wouldn't get it. Bacon wrapped scallops were good but be warned there were only three in the order.  Firecrackers were great.  Angel crab was a favorite with the BF. Fried baby lobster was good but a bit plain.  Their house salad dressing is really good and bread comes with a warm olive oil to dip in.   The downsides: The service could be better but nothing terrible.  They need to rip down the ridiculous fabric and decor.  The wine list is nothing exciting - this is a big one, they need a better beverage menu all around.   Number one point to take away - get the grilled fish.  Order before 6:30 for early bird items.
This restaurant is fantastic!! Great food, great atmosphere, and great owners and staff!  My husband and I have been coming here for years and have never had a bad dish!  The owners and staff always make you feel welcome.  They will also bring you out some extra things to try at times on the house.
The food was good but the decor is bad. I thought it was priced a bit high for the portions received but the finished product was very good.
Excellent service,and outstanding food.  They have a big menu with items that will please anyone.  They have great early bird specials!
Four of us ate here on Christmas Eve after church service.  One had vegetarian; portabella mushroom for an app and pasta in garlic wine sauce for entree' w/side if asparagus  The other 3 had sausage and shrimp for app and grouper and yellow fin tuna for entree'  bred pudding, ice cream with chocolate sauce and bread pudding for desserts.  Everyone rates their meals as excellent and the service is above average.  Two of us were there for the first time and two were their for their 5th time and said they have had good food every visit.  As a whole food plans based eater, I would go back!
The early bird special (4:30-6:30p) of trigger fish, salad, baked potato and bread was delicious and affordable!
Get to Sealand before 6 for the early bird specials. Alot cheaper menu prices including the prime rib. Dont look at the outside or you wont go in. A no frills kind of place but offers good fresh food. Cant go wrong here.
I almost gave 4 stars but my fiance was like "It was good.  Real good!" and after our experience last night, well, he's right.  Last night was no good and tonight was GRRRRREAT! So, we walked in and I thought uh oh, I am under dressed.  But it's okay.  You can dress up or go in jeans.  There are white table cloths but they have a vinyl cover so it's cool.  Oh my god, the service is EXCELLENT!  The other night our waiter was super stoned at the crappy restaurant and well, Sealand knows how to hire service help.  Professional in every way.  On the ball with refills and time to clear plates.   The food:  Minh is the owner chef and he is Asian.  There are a lot of those influences in the food.  I had the bacon wrapped scallop and shrimp appetizer which was served with a coconut curry sauce.  YUM!  I also had calamari.  I think it was perfectly breaded and actually i dipped it on the scallop/shrimp sauce.   The fiance had mussels and clams first.  The bread with them was great.  Light and airy with a side of olive oil with some garlic and spices in it.  He also got the amberjack special.  It has a hollandaise sauce, crawfish and andouille sausage on it.  Pretty tasty!   This is a must if you are in Fort Walton or Destin.
Extensive menu...EVERYTHING is awesome.
What an awesome restaurant! My son said it perfectly..you shouldnt judge a book by its cover and thats exactly the same as this restaurant.  It looks small and old fashioned but inside..wow!  The food was awesome! We had the thai sausage for an appetizer which was a little spicy but sooo good, and then I had the Catch of the Day and my husband had the Prime Rib both on the early bird menu.  My fish was awesome and so was the baked potato, my husband said the prime rib was delicious and for the price well worth it.  My son had the kids popcorn shrimp which oh golly there was a lot and it was so good and my daughter had the chicken tenders which were so moist and delicious I couldnt help but sneak a bite or 2.  We ordered the brownie and the creme brulee to go and they were soo good as a snack later on in the evening at our hotel.  The food, the atmosphere, it was an awesome restaurant and we will definitely be back!
The seven of us visited this place and all had a great meal. We had appetizers of shrimp and scallops, onion rings, and fried mozzarella sticks.  Entrees included fish of the day (trigger fish), Mahi-Mahi, prime rid, filet mignon, and red curry. The food was all delicious and the service was excellent.
Excellent! Don't let the outside fool you. Very good food and service. Very reasonable prices.
Scott can't be more wrong. Local favorite. The early bird menu is great and includes prime rib! The fish is fresh and the meals are prepared with care. I highly recommend it!
I loved it.  Got off a long flight and found this place by accident.  I had the Grilled Fresh Fish and it was done perfectly.  The salad and bread were also fresh and tasty.  I had a Tiramisu to go but haven't tried it.  It does look pretty good though.  Sue was my waitress and made me feel comfortable when I was dining by myself.
Awesome food, best seafood around. A little bit pricey but it defiantly pays off. Service is extraordinary and very attentive. Owner and his wife are usually there and even cooking the meals. The wife came and greeted us after the dinner which really set the night. We'll defiantly will be returning to this restaurant the next time we're in fort Walton
I had the new York strip steak there. It had so much grissal in it that I made a compliant to the waiter. I ask either for a replacement or a different type steak. The waiter went to talk to the chef and said that the chef refused to cook me another steak of any kind. I ended up having only my salad and then leaving, never to go back! I was polite at all times, they were unreasonable!
Delicious meal. Beautifully served. Prompt service and attention. Best creme brulee ever!
John Paul was our waiter and he was very polite and attentive.  The food was excellent and the desserts were almost too beautiful to eat (but we did).  Very happy we stumbled across this little gem.
This is one of the best food in town! I LOVE the food there! There are so many delicouse choices for me to recommend what to eat! Just pick any of them, I guarantee you will come back! And the service is awesome! I vacation there @ least once a year, and I always eat there whenever I visited!!
Followed YELP recommendation since we are from out of town. Our server Phyllis was the best. Very attentive and professional. Ask for her...you won't be disappointed. Ordered fried oyster appetizer. It was served with 5 oysters. An odd count for sharing and a bit pricy for $9.95. They were good not great. Next came the tossed salad with house vinaigrette. This dressing was superb so I would recommend you give it a try. Salad was good, nothing fancy and the cherry tomatoes tasted less fresh then I would have liked but overall a good salad. I ordered the grilled in lemon butter  Grouper at $19.95. Good portion and oh so flavorful. It was delicious. My wife had the baked Salmon. It was moist and tender. We had asparagus that was done perfectly as was the steamed broccoli. We had two glasses of the house Chardonnay which was quite good. We finished up with a slice of Key Lime pie which was nice and the bread pudding in rum sauce which was heavenly. All in all a very good meal and Phyllis added a nice touch with her attention to service and elegant personality. I will return.
We just got back from a WONDERFUL dinner here tonight!  This is our second year back to this area and we cancelled our existing reservation on Open Table in lieu of something local, and close to the condo.  Do not let the unassuming building and decor fool you.  I decided on this place because of other Yelp reviews.  In fact, this is my very first review on this website.  It was phenomonal.  The hot bread with garlic oil was scrumptious, and the fresh fish was not only economical, but perfectly prepared.  We had the fresh Cobia, and I had it simply grilled and my husband had the preparation with crabmeat, artichoke hearts, and capers.  Both were excellent.  Get the spiced rice as a side - it is awesome.  Portions are normal; not too much, but not skimpy and prices reflect that accordingly.  The fish was so fresh and just melted in your mouth.  We will definitely come back.  We had a bottle of Louis Martini wine, which where we come from would be about $50, but it was only $34.00 a bottle.  In fact, all their bottle prices were completely fair. We went on a Sunday and while they have $12.99 specials for early birds, we didn't partake in that, since we ordered the specials.  It was crowded, so locals know this is a good place.  The creme brulee was great too, and even my daughters children's pasta (just angel hair with marinara) was excellent.  They have crayons and coloring for the kids to keep them busy.  Our server Ryan was polite, pleasant, but never rushing, yet, attentive. Totally authentic and again, do not let this unassuming place fool you, the food is fabulous.  You will not be sorry.  We loved this local place!
