Stopped in for lunch on our last trip to the beach. Restaurant was located in the older down town area so I assumed parking would be a problem. It wasn't. There was plenty on the side street next to it. I loved the menu for Burrito del Sol. It's simple... pick an item (burrito, quesadilla, salad, etc.), pick a protein, and pick a style. I had a chipotle steak quesadilla and my husband had a Baja chicken quesadilla. Both were very good. Not your typical quesadilla. Sure, there was meat and cheese, but it also had a wonderful slaw and sauce stuffed in there. Our food came out quickly and the service was excellent. Very friendly staff. I cannot wait to visit again.
One would think on vacation you would want to try new places and surely wouldn't repeat a restaurant- WRONG!  We dined in at Burrito del Sol with toddler in tow with us and had a fabulous experience. My husband said he's certain he will never eat a more fresh and delicious burrito than the catch of the day(mahi) burrito Baja style. We all really enjoyed it. The service was excellent: food arrived on time and no dirty looks at us for bringing a toddler with us. I thought I may have left my phone there so I called and the manager went and checked our booth and even outside near where we were parked for us. Genuine friendly people. Prices are very fair for quality of food and amount you get. We even returned two days later and were just as pleased!
Super pleasant experience. Had a shredded steak burrito and all ingredients were tender and fresh. The staff had great attitudes and helped explain any question I had. Thank you to the employee that hooked it up with some house made hot sauce. Prices were reasonable. To put things into perspective, this place blows Chipotle out of the water. I will be returning soon.
The best Fish Tacos I have ever eaten. Great atmosphere, great service, at a fair price. We will wear this place out for sure. Awesome!!!
This restaurant literally has THE best food in town.  I'm kind of a foodie and love this place more than anywhere in town.  Locally owned and operated Burrito Del Sol offers quality ingredients cooked perfectly.  Service is fast because you don't have to wait for a server, you just order at the counter and they bring it to whatever table (or booth) that you've chosen.  Also this is the only place in town I know that offers tempeh as a protein option, I'm not a vegetarian or vegan I just love tempeh!  Theirs is great too!  The staff is always friendly and happy as well.  Forget the chain restaurants and corporate lunch and dinner options.  Spend your dining budget at a local source where you get quality in return as well as supporting local business.
Simple, fresh good value, would recommend. Staff was friendly, hidden jewel in Fort Walton. We will return
This place is fantastic! The food tastes so fresh and the flavors are great! We've been a few times, and the service is usually fantastic. We got the stink eye from a young blonde chick that worked there once, she was obviously more interested in loudly flirting with a group of guys at the next table than helping us. I can get over bad service one time if the food is worth it, and it is!
Was very disappointed ... I had read good things but feel ripped off! Can't believe I paid 15.00 for a huge pile of chips hardly ant meat on them. Add ons were pushed and overpriced. Not good!!!
We were at Capriccio Cafe and Brooks helped give us some recommendations about where to go to see dolphins on our trip. He said he was the owner of a burrito place across the bridge and they had a west coast feel. We just so happened to be renting a kayak from Liquid which was conveniently across the street from Burrito del Sol (coincidence? likely not). We loved just about everything about this place and if we lived nearby, this would be a regular spot. 1) You cannot beat the beer prices. You can actually get a PBR for less than a soda. And, their selection of brews is expansive, but not expensive. 2) The menu is simple and easy to read, but that does not mean their food tastes that way. 3) The food was genuinely tasty and I could tell everything was as fresh as it could get. Thanks for the tips, Brooks and we'll definitely get another burrito whenever we're back in Destin.
Small but lovingly curated beer selection. Fantastic texmex or whatever you call this style. Friendly staff, quick service, and good god is that shrimp quesadilla great.
eh... Hipster/Trendy joint with decent nachos/tacos/burritos.  Noting worth raving over.
So this is my first review and the reason for it is because the food was incredible and service just as equal (26 Jul 2014; 6 pm).  For my job, I typically travel 2-3 weeks out of the month and have had crap food, good food, and incredible food. This was in the category of incredible. On vacation at fort walton beach and took a family of six (picky eaters) here based on previous reviews.  I ordered the fish tacos (soft corn tortillas) chipotle style - fish of the day was amberjack.  Dish comes with 3 tacos and a side of chips and salsa.  Everything is absolutely fresh and tasty.  Reminded me of some of the great fish tacos I've had in southern California.   Other items ordered was the beef tacos for the eldest son - he absolutely loved it and he is the most finicky of the bunch.  Oldest daughter ordered chicken tacos (chipotle) and also loved her meal.  Wife and two youngest girls (8 & 6) shared a chicken quesadilla which was gone at the end of the meal.  The wife also ordered a beef burrito chipotle style and finished 90% of it - it was pretty large (think Chipotle restaurant but I honestly think the ingredients are fresher here).  Bottom line was taking a picky family of 6 to dinner and no to-go boxes needed.  Overall bill was ~$50 for six.  3 taco meal depending on the protein / meat is $7-$8.   Service was just as great if not better.  The server was also the cashier - seemed like two people working the front, but she was all over it!  We stayed about 30 minutes and she visited our table about 6 times; about 5 other tables she was waiting on at the same time.  Absolutely awesome and super friendly and courteous (sorry I didn't catch her name). The inside was well decorated nicely and most importantly - super clean.  As we walked in, the other patrons reminded me of a typical southern cali surf dive - super friendly people and relaxed but the difference being this place is super clean. I will be making this a usual stop on future vacations as I visit here once or twice a year for sun and relaxation.  Family loved it as much as I did.  Highly recommend.
Wow. Fresh. Delicious. I had shrimp tacos, Baja Style on corn tortillas and my wife had amber jack fish tacos on flour tortillas. Both were unbelievably good. Even better with the house hot sauce. Thanks to Yelp for pointing out this great local place. Staff is super friendly with swift service.
This place is so good! Fresh food and friendly service at a reasonable price. Craft beers on tap, cool atmosphere, what more could you ask for?
SO GOOD! We found this place while visiting the area and loved it! One person in our group is a vegan and she loved her meal - especially the vegan ranch. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Definitely recommend this place! Yummy!
Great tacos!  Food was awesome and ingredients were fresh.  Place is a bit small but definitely a local joint.  Prices were affordable.
The food was phenomenal and reasonably priced ... That's a winning combination. I had fish tacos, baja style. I normally don't like pineapple on savory foods, but it was perfect. My favorite part of this place? Amazing service! They were quick to recommend, came around several times to check on us, and anticipated our needs. Pretty amazing considering this is largely a self-serve restaurant.
I was in the Fort Walton Beach area for a little bit of business and pleasure. I had a one hour break from business so I looked up popular lunch spots on Yelp and found out about Burrito del Sol. Nice corner location. Beautiful weather, so the doors were open. NCAA tournament on the television. Prior to heading there, I looked up the menu online. So I kind of already knew what I wanted. I like the way the menu is set up. You pick a tortilla, the protein you want, they style Baja, Chipotle, Southwestern or BBQ. I went with the Quesadilla with chicken, Baja style. What makes each style different is the different ingredients mixed in with the protein. With Baja you get cilantro, pineapple salsa, fresh lime, red cabbage, Baja sauce & Monterey cheese. The tortilla was cooked perfectly. Not under making it cold or overcooked, making it burnt. The cilantro and pineapple salsa stuck out to me. A lot of good flavors, made for a memorable dish. Along with the quesadilla you get chips with salsa. I felt the salsa needed a little more salt and cilantro. But the whole lunch was worth it and I will definitely be back again next time I am in this area.
My friend and I went here for lunch.  The ladies at the counter greeted us right away and explained the menu. I ordered the amberjack soft tacos, Baja style and my friend ordered the chicken avocado soft tacos. Our food arrived in about 10 minutes.  My friend took a bite and declared, "This is the best thing I ever ate!!!".   Wow...really?...ever? Then, she said, "Well, it's definitely the best taco."  To be fair, if you put avocado on anything, it becomes her favorite food but she was very impressed with the corn tortillas and said that they tasted like they were freshly made in house. I enjoyed my amberjack fish tacos but I wish they would have given me more (sweet/tangy/excellent!) mango salsa and the sauce was a little flavor-forward for my liking but a dribble of hot sauce balanced the flavors nicely. We both had a little trouble finishing our third tacos but powered through because they were so delicious.  It would be nice if they sold the tacos individually.  Two tacos and no chips would have been the perfect portion for me. We'll be back.
Amazing food and service!! Staff was very helpful with the menu selection and the food was INCREDIBLE!!! Great beer selection as well. It's like Chipotle / Moe's on steroids!
Out family has eaten here a couple of times and the most recent was last month. The burritos are great! Everything taste fresh and taste really good! If you go here and don't like it then don't go looking anywhere else in this town for a burrito. This place has that local area flare to it and the service is good. I've gotten the steak and my wife has had the chicken and fish or shrimp. Anything we've ordered off the menu tasted great. The only draw back to this place is they are a bit pricey for a burritos.
This place us awesome! Great fresh food! A must if you are in the Fort Walton Beach area.
My husband and I came in earlier today because we were walking all over downtown fort Walton. And we came upon this place. It is a little pricy compared to other Mexican restaurants where you give them 10 bucks and they give you three plates of food and here you give them ten bucks and well it's only a small tray half way filled. But on another note the food is delicious and we will be coming back. And I would definitely recommend this little place to anyone... The staff was very nice and helpful. They were also patient when we were ordering. They even came to check up on us after they served us our food. Almost like an actual good Lenny's restaurant should do although sadly Lenny's seems to have gotten away from that. The building is very cute and very clean. And I really liked that they had seating inside and outside for you to choose.
We at Rob Brooks Realty LOVE Burrito Del Sol! Amazing food. Incredible Staff!
Everyone who has even the slightest connection to Mexico knows that Burrito del Sol is  not the place to come for authentic Mexican.  But this is the panhandle of Florida so when did authenticity ever come into play?   This location in Fort Walton Beach is new and pretty nice inside.  Tastefully decorated with a cool Dia de los Muertos mural on the wall.  The food is decent, especially since it's pretty cheap, they have a military discount, and the cashier has iPads for taking payments.  Wow, you feel all catapulted into a new era of technology just from buying a shrimp quesadilla!!  Beers are available.  They also have cute outdoor seating with romantic little lights.  Too bad it's facing a street and a parking lot but hey, I don't want to hear you whine.
Nice place, good location, service was a little slow when we went.   "Now Hiring" signs inside and outside should have tipped us off to that.  Tried the chips and guacamole.... Meh.   Guac lacked flavor, and salt.  Was very bland.  Chips were cold, almost tasted like store bought bagged chips.  Fish Tacos, Baja style (Amber Jack was the catch for the day),really good.  Fish was seasoned, cooked well, toppings and the sauce with the Baja style worked well with it.  Shrimp tacos, BBQ style.  Probably poor choice of us for ordering.  Weren't that good.  We will be back to try the burritos.
The shrimp tacos were best I've ever had. Good prices - fast and extremely friendly service!  You won't be disappointed here. They also have steak, chicken and fish tacos, burritos and salads - plus daily specials.
Great burrito and taco salad.  Good service!Easy to read menu, pick what you want, what meat, and what sauce.  Great!
On vacation and was looking for a Mexican restaurant. Its a build your place. Everything from burritos down to a taco salad. Whole family ate and happy. Wish these were in Chicago.
Think a high class at down Chipotle. The menu starts the same three step process with type, protein then style of soft. The food was excellent. We had both the Baja and southwest styles, very flavorful. Prices were very reasonable and very convenient before getting to our hotel.
This is a place that I noticed was getting great Yelp Reviews, but I was hesitant to try it, because I am not a Fan at all of "The Fast Mexican" Concept...Places like Moe's..Qdoba..Tijuana Flats..etc..trick you into thinking your getting a lot of food for your money, when in reality what your getting is a little bit of processed tasteless meat and a lot of beans and rice, which are the two cheapest foods in the world, all wrapped in a Tortilla...happily I can report Burrito Del Sol is the real deal and the food is tasty and plentiful....Burrito Del Sol is a quite simple concept as you go to the counter and select your Shell(Burrito...Taco..Quesadilla..Nachos..or Taco Salad)...pick the protein you want in it(Steak..Chicken..Tempeh..Fish..or Shrimp) and finally your style(Baja..Chipotle..Southwest..or BBQ)...they also have sides of Queso or Guacamole, if you desire either for your chips...they also have a surprisingly good selection of craft and regular beer available in bottles and drafts...the girl at the counter takes your order on an IPAD and gives you your total you owe, which is a little awkward, because you have to tip then as well before you have had any service.. when your order is ready, one of the girls brings your food to the table, and that is really the extent of their service ,so it makes the whole tipping thing even stranger...so far some of the things I have had that I would heartily recommend are The Chicken Quesadilla Chipotle Style...The Chicken and Steak Tacos Southwest Style and recently I had one of their daily specials, which was a Teriyaki Chicken Bacon Burrito which I got Chipotle Style....all the main courses I have had have been excellent..where Burrito Del Sol loses a Star is the little things...1)The Chips and Salsa are terrible...Chips are always cold and stale(Tostitos are better) and The Salsa is worse than any I have had from a Super Market or Ball Park..2)The Hot Sauces offered are laughable...they only offer a Bottle of Cholula or their Homemade Green Organic Hot Sauce which has the look..smell. and.consistency of the stuff that oozes out of you when you have an infected toe..just gross....BDS needs to do a reconnaissance mission to Tijuana Flats and check out their Salsa and Hot Sauce Bar which has about 10 to 12 different varieties and steal about six of them for their own use.....I know Chips..Salsa..and Hot Sauce are not that important to many people, but it's always been an important criteria to me for how I judge any Mexican Place and BDS definitely fails miserably in this aspect.and finally..3)The Soft Drinks are self serve which I don't mind ,but the cup size they use would have been considered small 30 years ago...they are using for their standard drink cup, the size cup most other places are using for when customers only order water...this makes it a seemingly non-stop session of going from your table to the coke machine when you are eating here...BDS just needs to use the standard 22 OZ and 32 OZ Cups that everyone has been using for their cups for the last 25 years...really my few complaints are minor and quite fixable and won't stop me from coming back often, because the food is good and  the place has a casual hipster environment inside with murals on the wall...a couple TV's on the wall showing whatever sports is on..and rock music coming through the speakers...fortunately the only thing FWB has less of than Anti-Military People is Hipsters, so it has not been overrun by them...BDS is a solid 4 stars all the way and I feel quite confident in saying if Charlie Sheen is ever in FWB he will be here ranting at the customers saying "sorry dude I'm effen hammered" instead of doing it at The Taco Bell Drive Thru Line...definitely a place to visit if you get sick of the standard FWB Seafood Choices
I live in the area and must say that this place is great. It has a relaxed atmosphere, the food has been fantastic every time I've eaten here. The hardest thing to do is decide what to get and what sauce to get on it. The chicken quesadillas are awesome, the nachos are huge and the fish tacos are the best I've had around here.  Oh and we ordered queso but it took a little time cause they were making a fresh batch so they brought us an order of guacamole for free while we waited for the queso!!! The price is very reasonable and service is great. If you're in the Ft Walton area you need to give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.
I was home alone for the night and wanted a quick but tasty option for dinner. This was not it. My total wait time was between 30-40 minutes. I ordered a steak burrito southwest style and chips with queso. The food was satisfying but there was really nothing outstanding about it that would make me want to return and wait that long again. The burrito reminded me quite a bit of Chipotle, maybe just slightly smaller. The chips were mediocre. Didn't try the salsa, but the queso was mediocre as well. If you really want to try it, maybe go earlier (I was there around 7-8pm) or see if they allow you to phone in your order.
We LOVE Burrito del Sol!  The food never disappoints & it fills you up without making you feel "fat full."  You're just... full.  The Taco Salad w/ Tempeh : Southwest style is my usual go-to.  The Fish Tacos will always have a "Fish of the Day" in them, which is caught fresh from the gulf.
Came here for lunch and decided to try the tacos. I had two fish (fish of the day was tuna) and one tempeh. Tacos were excellent! So was Burrito del sol'a organic hot sauce. Service was very helpful and once the orders are all out, and there is noone in line they come around to check, and talk to you.
Great food but nothing spectacular. The beef is very tasty. Chicken quesdadillas are great too.
I love this place - I work in fort Walton so we are always trying to find a good place for lunch. This place rocks I have been multiple times and have not yet been disappointed. Took a coworker there the other day and he absolutely loved it he said it was the "best burrito he has ever had"
I always get the steak burrito and it's delicious. A little on the pricey side but definitely worth it!
Incredible fish/shrimp tacos. Get them baja style. I try fish tacos pretty much everywhere I travel and these are the best I've come across. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
This restaurant is a great addition to downtown.  The menu is simple and fresh.  Fantastic shrimp tacos and IPAs on tap.  It is also a great place to take the kids.  It is quick and the music is a nice contrast to being forced to watch cartoons or listen to the drone of an arcade at traditional "kid friendly" spots.
This restaurant is a great addition to downtown.  The menu is simple and fresh.  Fantastic shrimp tacos and IPAs on tap.  It is also a great place to take the kids.  It is quick and the music is a nice contrast to being forced to watch cartoons or listen to the drone of an arcade at traditional "kid friendly" spots.
Cute little place. If you're searching for authentic Mexican food, this isn't the place. But this is a good place to eat. I ordered the shrimp tacos Baja style and my husband had the steak burrito also Baja style. We enjoyed the Baja salsa. The menu is set us to choose a burrito, taco, quesadilla, nachos or taco salad, then a protein and style, which was cute to choose from.
