I went to the Green Garden Asian Spa as part of a "living social" deal.  It said a 60 minute massage was normally $80 so I figured $40 was a steal, I was beyond wrong.  When I called to set up the appointment I was told the deal was only for the Colonie location which is located at 1843 Central Ave.  The Spa is set back behind the UPS store on the side of the complex.  The actual appearance of the building was rather clean and somewhat inviting.  When I got close I noticed the door was locked and there was a doorbell to the right with a phone number above it. I pushed and about a minute later was greeted by the receptionist.  I said I was there for the living social deal and she did not seem to understand so I had to show the voucher on my phone.  At first she said "you pay $40 after massage" until I convinced them only the tip was necessary because of the "deal". I was shown the massage room by another woman who was the masseuse.  I was confused because typically there are sheets on the bed and a head holster at the top of the bed (as I've been to over 40 massage businesses in the past).  There were white towels underneath one of those plastic sheets that pull out, like the kind you see at the doctor's office. I was not asked anything, just told to lay on table face down, no introductions were made of names.  She did not ask me what my problem areas are.  I did not have to sign any form or medical waiver.  The head holster was very uncomfortable and was barley padded at all.   The massage resembled what you would get from a student in their first month of massage school.  It was very unbalanced pressure, extreme to light, there was no symmetry in the massage either until she did my hands and legs and was able to mostly mimic her moves from right arm to left arm.  Although she avoided the bottom of my feet for some reason. Let me get to the part where things got awkward.  There was about 10 minutes left in the massage and I could see my pants on the floor from the position my head was in, I put them under the table near my head for a reason.  I watched her hand graze over my pants and press down for a second (checking if my wallet was in there).  As you would think I was fuming thinking, is she really going to try and steal from me? Luckily I was smart and had only brought my car key, cell phone, and money for the tip.  I was told to face up towards the ceiling where she did more beyond amateur techniques on my face. The massage finished with an extremely hot towel placed on my back which my skin is still red today from.  The last 10 minutes were extremely uncomfortable as all I could think about was how could I have gotten myself into this situation. Please anyone reading this do not get yourself in the situation I was in.  Just pay the extra money and go to a reputable massage place.
This seem more like a whore house than a massage parlor. We didn't feel comfortable in the lobby and decided to go have a beer instead.
