Came here with my aunt and cousin almost two months ago on a random weeknight. We had the place to ourselves and it was an amazing experience! We sat outside by the water and there was a nice breeze going on. We could see some ships and the whole ambience was very relaxing. It was a great environment and time for us all to talk and be in the moment. The food was also amazing! We had a great melbec with excellent quality fish, asparagus, and mashed potatoes. The chicken marsala was also amazing. The dessert at the end was also fantastic! If I am ever back in Walton Beach, I want to come here for lunch and see the ships.
New favorite restaurant on the emerald coast. It is a hidden gem that hasn't been overtaken by tourist. It is a welcoming atmosphere with a bay view. The staff is friendly and enjoying serving with a smile on their face. For appetizer we got a pound of sautéed crab claws. These were by far better than any fried or sautéed crab claws I have ever eaten. These alone will make me return to eat again. They were seasoned to perfection. We also had the seafood omelette with shrimp and scallops. My sister enjoyed the amberjack croissant it was life changing. I suggest the croissant over the omelette but to tell the truth you can't go wrong with either one! Delicious dining with friendly staff without the hustle & bustle of the tourist traps! Great classic restaurant that has been providing satisfaction since the '80's
Fantastic meal at the Bay Cafe! My server was attentive, my food and wine delicious, and the view was great. I chose the special- grouper munierre (sp? My French sucks) but spelling aside, possibly the best fish I've ever eaten. It literally melted to nothing in my mouth. The sauce was spectacular. My Chardonnay, Copper Ridge I believe, went great with my meal. Can't wait to bring my family here next week when they arrive!
Great secret gem to escape the tourist crowds. Great food from the mussels, corn and crab chowder, and the finale Grouper Wellington. All delicious and served with great service!
2nd time here and first time reviewing.  Came in late around 9pm after a long day of shopping and time for date night.  Promptly set down outside on the patio by the Fort Walton Bay on a gorgeous evening. I enjoyed the Chilean Sea Bass while my Wife ate everything she had.  Fantastic!
Very good staff, great wine recommendations. Excellent food.  Nice for a special occasion
Loved it!!!!  Shared several aps and an entree. Everything wAs wonderful. Service was superb. Try the escargot and the gazpacho if they have it.  It was also the best price for the quality around here by far. We spent way more last night at one of those crab shacks and were disappointed to say the least.
Put down the hot pocket and listen up: this is now one of my favorite restaurants on the Gulf Coast.  Amazing view, delicious food, good service, and oh so romantic.  Did I mention that on top of all that, it is literally seconds from my house?  $10 corkage fee or you can order drinks there.   I loved it so much the first time I came that I made a reservation to return on my birthday.  It turned out to be a great birthday experience.  I was decked out in more bling than a gypsy bride and the staff were great.  They helped serve the cake I brought as well.  Thus far I've had the liver and seafood pasta and both dishes were delicious.  The pate was not as great but the tiramisu was outstanding.  I don't even like tiramisu and could not stop eating it.  Definitely check this place out for a romantic evening and she will be impressed.
The Grouper Wellington was incredible! This was one of the best meals I've had in the Destin area. A little pricey for what you get but was overall worth every bite. The service was great after what looked like it might be a problem to start with. Looking forward to returning here again when we are back in the area.
This place never fails me! It is consistent and always wonderful. From the beautiful views, great staff and absolutely wonderful food! I ALWAYS get the grouper wellington with lobster sauce. My fave!!! Husband loves the steak with the green peppercorn sauce. Always cooked perfectly!
We had been told this was a great local restaurant and it was, I had grouper Wellington, very good, the crab corn chowder was also delicious. Will be back when in area. The staff was very nice.
Went to the Bay Cafe again last night. This may very well be the best restaurant in the Florida panhandle. Try the lamb. Awesome! Fine dining at a reasonable price. If you are visiting from up north ask for the house dressing on your salad. The salad dressing taste very close to a remoulade dressing which is a very Southern type of salad dressing usually served with boiled shrimp but is also wonderful on a good salad.
Amazing food with a gorgeous view!
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing (shrimp marinara for lunch), but this place was nowhere close to what the rave reviews led me to believe. The service and atmosphere were excellent, but the meal was not very good. The shrimp were tough and the pasta and marinara were average at best. Not at all what I was expecting based on all the 5 star reviews!
I think giving this place even 1 star is being overly generous. We came here after reading all the rave reviews and were REPULSED by the horrible customer service. Upon arrival we were the only other patrons seated outside. By the time we had placed our orders, several other patrons began to come in & be seated. After about an hour we still had not gotten our food, but every other patron that came in after us seemed to already be eating. When we finally received our food, it was cold & sloppily put together & the waitress basically shoved our plates at us. All of this might have been forgivable had our food been good. The only thing that was good was the Grouper Croissant, everything from the Seafood Omelette to the Shrimp Omelette was dry and left alot to be desired. After finally getting our checks, we attempted to give our waitress some feedback (in a non threatening way) about our negative experience and this is when ALL HELL broke loose. She proceeded to tell us that we as patrons were "too needy" because we asked for water when our glasses were empty and that we "didn't have to tip her". We were ASTONISHED by her blatant disregard and disrespect. Hoping we could speak to a manager about our experience, we spoke to the hostess who informed us that "unfortunately we are a family business and our father owns the restaurant and there is no way to contact him. Thank you for your business," in a very dismissive manner. I mean, at this point there really were no words to describe how angry & insulted we were. Our waitress then comes out again to instigate saying "sorry, we don't have time to deal with this." All in all I have never in my life had such a negative dining experience in regards to customer service. Not only were we insulted & disrespected, it was pretty clear to us that "our kind" was not welcome here and our needs would not be accommodated. This establishment along with all those that run it are trash.
Dining here was a culinary delight.  I had the grouper wellington, it was excellent with a sauce that was to die for.  Their pastries were perfectly fluffy and flakey.  We had a special of crab claw in a garlic-butter sauce--delicious. From the street the restaurant does not look nearly as elegant as it did from the inside or out on the balcony -- so go in and eat!
This is a very secret spot so don't go telling everyone about it. It is very hard to find but you can pull right up to it in your boat (or drive in circles trying to find the entrance). It is right under the bridge going to Ft Walton , the majority of seating is on a big back deck that overlooks the water. The atmosphere is quiet and quaint with lots of locals seated at the candle lit tables. The food is some of the best I have had in the Destin area. Not made for the masses this food is succulent, creatively parring local seafood with French style. There is a great wine list, wonderful desserts and a lot of ambiance. Try it out for a nice and classy evening. Leave your kids at home please, this is a quiet retreat from the long days at the beach.
Oh my!  We've been here often, but tonight's specials were amazing!  Grouper with artichokes, clean plate. Grilled veal chop (not easy to find in the south) with a mushroom sauce, melted in my mouth. Off the beaten track, but outstanding!
The gf and I ate here recently and we loved it, although it was awkward to be the only patrons for most of the night! I had grouper in a puff pastry.  The fish and pastry were cooked well and the sauce was decadent.  I had no complaints other than it probably set me back a few pounds. They have a nice deck outside that overlooks Brooks Bridge and one of the bayous.  It would've been nice to dine out there if it weren't too cold. What really got me was how empty the place was.  We were there on a Thursday night at 6ish and the only other people we saw showed up just as we were leaving.  Needless to say we got a lot of attention from the waitress and even the chef, but it was definitely odd.  The food was great so I don't know why it was so empty...
Hidden under the bridge, but worth the drive.  This little place has great service and even better food.  Our table ordered: Grouper with lemon, white wine, and artichokes Grouper covered with crab lobster sauce Shrimp Scampi (garlic lovers delight) mmm Cobia with sweet chili sauce They all came with string beans and potato cake and all of our plates were wiped clean at the end of our meals with their tasty bread (which we had 5-6 baskets of).  We ended dinner with creme brulee, chocolate toffee cake, and apple tart with ice cream.   Our bellies were full and we were smiling.
Great food with a French flair. Quaint interior with colorful umbrellas on the bay side deck. There is also a/c indoor seating. I tried it for lunch but it's also open for dinner. The waitresses are sweet & swift. The gazpacho, crab salad, grilled amberjack, steak & French Silk pie are must haves. Enjoy!
Enjoyed a relaxing evening at the Bay Cafe.  We were never rushed and staff were great.  Food excellent.  All 4 of us were very happy with everything. A bit tricky to find but worth the search. I believe the best review is "would you return" and my answer is "absolutely".
This place IS kid-friendly...they would have to be in a place such as the Panhandle of FL!!!  Our two 12-year-old girls absolutely loved the dishes they prepared for them - the choosy eater got pasta with alfredo sauce and chicken while the other ordered a chicken dish off the menu with the sauce on the side.  BOTH girls loved their food and the bread was a huge hit too! As the adults paying for the meal we absolutely loved the view (even though we stayed inside due to the August heat), we loved the wine list (thanks to Shawna we found out they had a Rose not on the list and loved that one), and we loved the fantastic service that complimented the excellent flavors of our apps and entrees. How we found room for dessert I do not know - but we ordered three of them, and the girls did not share a bite of theirs!!!   I loved that we discovered this place while on a walk for health and fitness and left the dining experience feeling so fit and content.
On a recent trip I stopped by for lunch. The location is nondescript little spot under the bridge but definitely do not let that deceive you! Inside it's elegant and perfect place for quiet dinners or lunch. The outside eating area overlooking the bay is beautiful. I had a croissant stuffed with a crab and shrimp salad and it was flaky and so delicious.
My husband and I wandered across this place as our original destination for lunch was closed.  Boy am I glad it was closed; this place was extremely good!  We ordered several things off the menu and shared.  The waiters were quite happy to do this.  I am always grateful to places who don't mind when their patrons share dishes, as portion sizes are usually way too large.   Try the local fish, crab cakes, spinach salad, and vegetable soup (YUM!)
WOW! I travel to the area once or twice a year and eat in the Destin/Fort Walton Beach areas, while a little hard to get to, Bay Cafe' wowed me. I ate the best meal I have ever had! Their lunch menu is great, such a variety, I had the blackened amberjack croissant, served with salad (the dressing is amazing) the croissant melts in your mouth, so fresh, that combo at first scared me a little but the flavors together are incredible! The staff is super friendly and it feels so laid back. If you don't give this place try you will miss out!
WOW!  This place is great!  Came here for lunch.  Who would've expected a gourmet French inspired lunch in a little house under a bridge on the bay?  This place is definitely a find.  Got the grouper that was perfectly broiled with an excellent sauce topping it.  Bread was great and the accompanying salad was fresh with tasty house dressing.  Probably the best restaurant I've been to in the past 3 months!
Second time here in a month. The blackened Grouper on Croissant is the best! I've travelled the country searching for the best fish sandwich and until I found this place thought it was elsewhere. You wont be disappointed, i promise. A touch pricey, but worth it. Creme Brulee is the best i've had in a long time. Brought a party of three for lunch and all of us were impressed. A truly must-do lunch/dinner locale.
Sunday brunch. Scenery = upper 10% for the area, but regrettable service & Bad coffee. I might try again for dinner.
Please get a website Bay Cafe! A little treasure in FWB. We searched our Yelp app for something different after having a drink at a local Irish pub. It was hard to find a restaurant that didn't "fry" their seafood.  I had the fish special with artichokes and it was great!   The traditional steak Au poivre was also delicious. Only one weird thing. They had a tray of "salt" in the ladies room. Not sure if that's French thing, but I just used the regular soap!  I would go back here again even though it is in a remote-hard-to-find spot. Worth finding!
I searched Yelp for places to eat before getting to Destin area. This place sounded intriguing. Went 4th of July. They were closed! We were worried we wouldn't be able to try it.  Went the next day for lunch.  Absolutely one of the best places we have ever eaten.  I had the amberjack piccata. Awesome! My husband had the Jumbo Shrimp marinara it was Excelllent. We had Mussels as an appetizer. Superb! Service awesome.  I give it 2 Thumbs up,,,,,
I had a wonderful experience here. The Amberjack covered in a wine sauce was amazing! If the weather is nice, then sit outside.
I don't see the hype in this place. I went here witht he hubby for Valentine's Day. I made a reservation, knowing that it was going to be busy. We got there and there was no table available. We waited for about 30 minutes past our reservation time before being seated. What a bummer. The only redeeming factor was that we brought our own wine and they corked it for us for relatively cheap. We sat on the patio and drank the whole bottle before we were seated. We shared the antipasto salad which was anti-climatic and over priced. I did like the osso bucco entree though, so rich and flavorful. I can't say that the wait was worth it, but this being one of the fancier restaurants on the Fort Walton side, I'd probably give it another chance.
This was an amazing surprise.  We had asked some of the locals for a good hole-in-the wall place...and this was definitely it!  The chef was French and had owned it for over 30 years with his late brother.  It's a small, but charming little restaurant.  We both had the crawfish soup (AMAZING!!) and Grouper with the special French sauce that was divine!  The tiramisu was a perfect ending to a delicious meal.
My wife loved it, I disliked it. She had Chile-Lime Salmon, I had the Chicken Picatta. Bread was great. The kids meal was absolutely disgraceful. You should offer kids at least the same quality of food as the adults......not some frozen BS.....Service was OK. View is great.
Just under the bridge, this looks like a dive bar from the outside; but inside is a nice French restaurant with a view of the bay. My wife had the Grouper Wellington and I had the Grouper Special with an Escargot en Croute appetizer. We shared the strawberries and bananas with ice cream for dessert. The food was good but for the price I was expecting more ($99 not including wine) Nice, intimate atmosphere though.
Our first attempt at "walk-in" supper (6pm) was unsuccessful ... they asked us to return after 60mins, so we found another place that night. We returned the next night (with reservations - but only three tables occupied that night) and sat outside. The restaurant had a nice atmosphere (nice to sit along the bay), the service was great - as was the food. My wife and I will go back to this restaurant again, but (as written in other posts) we will probably leave the kids (our 13-year-old loved the $30 Sea Bass). The place definitely does not cater to kids (we have three so our bill was close to $200).
Cute location, seemingly off the beaten path, but not really. Attentive staff, until overwhelmed by new arrivals. Standout food though that will have you coming back for more. Fiancé had the grouper Wellington which he devoured and I had the special, which was braised lamb shank cooked to perfection. The tiramisu was very good, if you think of it not as a tiramisu (in which case it's weak), but instead, as a nice light dessert to round off a fabulous meal. Definitely in the top tier for the area.
Wonderful place.  Great view.  Great service.  Great prices.
this is by far the most romantic meal you will have with your SO in Okaloosa County. check them out, for sure!
very very good! my mom and i go here every year for special occasions and we love it. the fish is amazing and the side salad is very great! the desserts are all good so i cant suggest just one!
Being the only French restaurant probably in the entire vicinity of the Florida Panhandle, my husband and I were excited to try this restaurant when we found it on Yelp. The menu is somewhat limited, but it still contains the main french staples such as pate, escargots, etc. The food turned out pretty great, but the service was EXTREMELY slow. It took us over 2 hours to finish lunch because we waited almost a hour for the appetizers to come, and then another hour for the entrees to come. Comparing the prices to a French restaurant in Paris, the prices were reasonable. Not great, but reasonable. Food authenticity was a little off, but hey, we are in the US, where everything must be drowned in heavy creams and butter to be accepted. So, I wouldn't entirely blame the owner/chef for that. Just a word of advice: Good luck trying to find this place, it took us a while to find the tiny street this restaurant is situated on.
I must say, this place STILL is rude!
Good food, though the staff looked a little scared when they saw my kid, 2 1/2.  They relaxed a little when she was well-behaved, but it made me tense having her there--what's a little family to do with no babysitter when we're on vacation?  It was very empty and very quiet, and the food was good.  My baby loved the green beans and the Grouper Wellington was fab.
The best restaurant on the Florida Gulf Coast...and I've tried 100s from Pensacola to Tampa.  If you want to get away from the mass-produced chains and enjoy a classy evening with great food (always) and a trained, attentive staff, this is the place to go.  Whether for lunch, dinner, or  Sunday brunch, Bay Cafe has never disappointed--in over 8 years!
My husband and I have been dining at this little hidden jewel every year for over 25 years and have NEVER had a bad experience!  It is our favorite restaurant in the world and any bad reviews you read are either due to mistaken identity or weird people.  Bay Cafe IS NOT A PLACE FOR CHILDREN SO DO NOT TAKE THEM.  They are not set up to serve children and do not welcome them. Get a babysitter...  The menu contains such entree's as Grouper Wellington, Snapper Picatta, Seafood Pasta, Liver and Onions, and Filet Mignon.  The salads are freshly made and the dressings are homemade.  The bread served is real French bread which is hard and crusty by nature.  The dessert list is fabulous and  has such things as Creme Brulee, Tiramisu, Stawberries Romanoff, French Silk Pie, and Cheesecake.  The wine list is extensive.  The service has varied somewhat over the years, but my husband and I have always felt welcome there and have always felt our patronage was appreciated. It is best to make reservations for dinner dining, but usually not necessary at lunch.  As far as I know they are closed on Sundays unless they have changed this rule.  The atmosphere on the deck is calm and quiet, and the cheesy French music playing softly in the background is perfect.  We always stay at least 2.5 hours and have NEVER been rushed. We have been there when it was VERY busy and when it was VERY slow, but the service has ALWAYS been nothing sort of fabulous. It is NOT located on a main drag, but is fairly simple to find.  I cannot imagine where the reviewer Lee L. was, but I really wonder if she was at Bay Cafe.
