We came here one soggy afternoon.  I was happy to see that Props loves yelpers, as they offered a free order of fries upon check-in.  YAY!  And the fries were delicious too.  We loved the beer on draft and I ended up ordering a small order of chili, which tasted terrific in the soggy July weather.  Lots of TVs and re-runs of the greatest SEC football matches from last year made for a good afternoon.  We also enjoyed the industrial prop on the ceiling - so neat! We will definitely be back, thanks to friendly service, delicious beers, and yelper appreciation!!!
Great vibe, delicious food, awesome staff (thanks Heather & Mike!) and a killer IPA.   Also, live music and a non smoking environment.  We will definitely be coming back to Props. P.S. Try the pretzel sticks!!!!
Great experience. Friendly staff, great brew, I had the 4 Kings Ale, and good food. Service was quick and VERY reasonably priced. I will return!
Very nice small brewery. Five regular beers and a few seasonal specials of their own beer and also a nice tap list of other craft beers and ciders. Decor is simple, tanks in the back, long bar, lots of tvs. It's nice though. The beer is good, they tend to stay traditional and drinkable but I dig that. When I was there they were working on some new stuff, including a Black IPA, wish I could've tried. Food was excellent, they are known for the fish tacos and the buffalo mac and cheese, go with either. Nice service, decent prices, Active Military is 10%  off your check with ID. A great place. Cheers.
The best stuffed mushrooms. I have been to some so called upscale restaurants in Ft. Walton Beach and these are better. There is mostly crab meat and little filler. The filler that is there is top quality french baguette.
I have to update my review because this place gave me food poisoning. :(
Live music took precedence over the four large TVs by the bar, so you may not be able to hear a game if that's what you're there for, but everything else was great. Food and the service at the bar were far above the area average for the industry. Great beer selection, both their brews and others! Have more than a domestic beer when you come.
They have a great beer selection and also good in house brewed beers. I'll definitely come back when I'm in town again.
Great beer, decent food and good prices.  Will definitely go back!
Small local micro brewery.   Only 6 kinds of beer brewed on site and 5 guest beers availabe.  The staff is friendly and the food is decent.  The beers are in the smooth/light in flavor category.  My preference is for strong bold flavors.
All food baskets were empty!  After eating at all the famous chains and over paying for bland food, this was amazing!  We all got a different burger and they were cooked perfectly, very tasteful, and a generous portion.  The hand cooked fries were a perfect side.  The service was slow yet worth the wait. Small menu yet great choices!
Good atmosphere. Friendly staff. Great food. Pickle burger was delicious. Really liked the fish tacos as well. Convenient and worth the stop
Good food, even better beer. Met the owner a while back and he was happy to show us his set-up and how they made the beer. We've never had a bad experience here, and we always fill our growler when we visit!
Food was amazing. Beer was delicious. Pickle burger blew my mind. Homemade french fries to die for. Bread pudding for dessert OMG!!!
Better food than the tourist traps on the boardwalk at half the price and their fries are really crazy good.  Had their IPA....weird mouth feel, but ok.
Props is not a bad place. It's location is odd (strip mall) for a microbrewery but it serves good food and good beer. The fries are hand cut and fresh and taste amazing. Their brewed beers are pretty good too. If you are looking for a local bar and grill with average bar food and good beer this is your place.
Go! Great vibe and owned by former military. The employees are generous with the military discount when you have a USAA card. I never even have to ask for it. The beer selection is outstanding and it's a fantastic mix of locals, military and tourists. Good spot for watching a game too. This is one of our new mainstays.
Been here many a time; great place to sit outside, watch the world go by & have some excellent beers with friends. I had the Blond Bomber & Flying Coffin...both were tasty, flavorful and chock full 'o hoppy goodness. Menu has some really fine selections & the owner is always willing and able to take time to talk beer with you. If you're looking for a place to have a nice casual dinner with that special someone or kick back with some buds & suds, Props is the ticket!
We stopped by this place for a quick meal Friday night. It was really great! Everything came out of the kitchen hot and fast! Our waitress was so nice and really helped out with the beer selection. We tried 2 of the flights and I must say the 4 Kings Ale was such a treat. We all had burgers and fries or salads. Burgers were really tasty! No complaints and I will for sure be back
Really good. Attentive servers. Great burger, and really fine beer. Get a flight and then a pint. Oh, the fries are great, they were perfect.
Great Beer and Great Food.
New stomping ground right over the bridge in the Publix shopping plaza. Tons of military, but strangely enough, a bunch of girls out to eat too!  I had the nachos to start which were killer.  Fresh hot chips loaded with refried beans, meat, and tons of cheese.   Saw other's mac and cheese (beefy mac and cheese, and buffalo chicken mac and cheese) and it looked stellar. Kudos to the new business owners.  With the number of TVs this place has you will not miss one minute of the game.  :) minus one star because hot water goes in a coffee mug, not a soda cup.   silly goose.
Returned to find expanded menu yum. Pretzel and flatbread great. Always good microbrew beer great prices . Check out for lunch or informal dinner. Hand cut fries.
This is a smart place. It's a nice little brew pub at the foot of Brook's Bridge in Ft. Walton Beach. I'm gonna take a guess and say that it's styled after WWII Pacific campaign aircraft. So it thankfully has a cool identity! When you walk in, you can grab a seat at the bar, a seat at a table or a seat outside on their covered patio. From there you can watch sports on one of the many flat screen TVs or watch the masters at work brewing their house hooch. You should definitely try their house beers, I really liked the brown and the blonde ales. Otherwise they have a very respectable selection of beers to choose from. The fish tacos were awesome, but I also want to try the mac & cheese, the bratwurst and their HUMMUS, all made with house beer. Props has a lot of extras, as well. NFL Sunday Ticket, live music, a mug club & regulars club. They're still a new place so they have that New Car Feel and lack the total comfort of a place that's been around for a while, but I'm sure they'll settle in soon. I hope so. Like I said, this is a smart place. I like it.
Good service, good food, good beer. After a few rocky starts when they first opened, I have to give them Props. While the beer was always good, service and food has made a major step forward. It has become a great Brew Pub!!
This place is ok and the food gets worse every time we have came here. The only thing this place has going for it, as for me is that it's called Props.
Small brewpub in a kind of bad location but the decor and atmosphere was good. Good amount of tv's, good beer(IPA) and good food(fried pickle burger). Can't complain about that.
I've been here 3 times and all 3 times have been great. Service, food, and music selection all excellent. Props is becoming my go to place. I def recommend the spicy shrimp wrap!!! The jalapeño ranch goes well with the best hand cut fries in the area.
I was expecting terrible service and bad food.  I was SO wrong.  Our food came in a timely manner.  The microbrews and food were fantastic.  Sometimes you just have to be optimistic.  Would definitely recommend this establishment.
Had buffalo chicken sandwich very good and hand cut fries were yummy. Tables needed some service kept tipping and others were doing that as well.
Good time with family and friends. Recommend fish tacos and chicken sandwich.  Will def be back.
Good beer, I enjoyed it.
Ducked in here when "Hurricane" Karen came ashore.  I liked how it really is a brewery.  Theyre brewing it right there behind the bar.  The food was kind of "meh", nothing special.   Decent selection of craft beers, their IPA was pretty tasty :)
Blonde Bomber is nice and tasty! Four Kings Brown is even better! Fish Tacos are awesome!!!! Very nice crew working here, super friendly! Will definitely comeback! Gonna try the Props mug next time!!!
Good fried food. The buffalo Mac n cheese is both everything that is right and everything that is wrong with America... Incredibly rich and heavy but very tasty! The craft beers were refreshing though not distinctive, either way #drinklocal.
Just stopped into this place for a quick meal in between work appointments. You can kinda miss the place it's tucked in the corner of a strip mall with Publix. I saw a cool looking Bartender chick who looked like a cuter Amy Winehouse. I mean this as a compliment. Anyhow...At at first I was a little unimpressed with the menu until I saw the Fish Tacos (grilled Tilapia). This is the first time I've ever had fish tacos, pretty much ever. This place set the bar high right away. The came out and looked amazingly great, served with fries. I'm kinda pissed I didn't take a picture of them. They were awesome. Fish was excellently cooked, was spicy but not hot. The fries looked great but were a little limpy. Still tasted good well seasoned and you could tell someone loved them. I didn't partake in a beer because I was working but they had some GREAT craft beer options. All around good experience.
This place was really good and I definitely plan to go back. I had a Purple Haze draught beer, shared a hot pretzel w/ cheese sauce with my friend and ordered the bratwurst. It was so big I had to cut it in half and ended up eating the other half the next day. It came with spicy mustard, sauerkraut and onions. The fries on the side were great too. They tasted like they may have been cooked in duck fat. I will definitely take visiting friends and family by here.
3-4 stars for their brew. 2-3 stars for their food, needs more improvement on their menu.  It's nice to have a micro brew in this area.
Came for a quick bite, but they closed their kitchen early...maybe another time for the fish tacos
As craft brew lovers, we drove an extra few miles to Props - and we had a fabulous meal with great beer.  First, our server (Heather ) really knew the different beers, which we always find important in trying a new place. Second, beer choices were impressive: our group enjoyed the IPA immensely (having tried many many many over the years) and it was proclaimed one of the best IPAs they'd ever had; the Oil Can Porter was also rich and smooth and very good.  Third, the food was really tasty. The Buffalo Mac was the best.  Fourth, loved the live guitar on a weeknight.  Finally, just a note - don't let the strip mall location deter you.  We opted for Props over a very crowded other bar/restaurant in Destin, and we couldn't be happier with that choice. Enjoy!
It's ok. The food was not bad and the beer selection was OK.
There is nothing like a clean bar with cute servers.  Props is the sort of place that caters to men.  TV's everywhere, pictures of airplanes, huge selection of beer, cute or at least, not fat, servers.  The food is just American, average quality.  They claim to give a military discount but the three times I've been there, I've never actually witnessed anyone getting it.
This place is a great place for anyone looking for local beer brewed on the premises. The beer is great quality and the burgers are awesome as well. The best part is the brewery is right behind the bar and some days they brew during the day so you can see and smell. Last time I went the owners were there and they showed us around the brewery and just talked to use like we were friends already. The owners are active duty military and just really cool people. The waitresses are very knowledgable about the beer they serve which I think is great. If you are in the Fort Walton area you have to stop by and grab some local beer.
Food was good and our waitress was very good and patient. Beers were also very good. We were there to also watch the final game of the NBA playoffs. One draw back, they had a guy playing music and singing so it was very distracting to watch the game...though he was good!!!
Great food and beer! Fried pickles and ipa are delicious. Try the fried pickle burger.
Got to bump up Props to a 4th Star due to their big improvement in food..they recently hired a new chef who has made some great menu changes and is preparing the food from scratch instead of just frying or nuking Sysco Food Service Products...recent menu additions include Crab Cakes..some gourmet burgers and interesting flatbreads...the nightly specials is where the new chef has really made her mark...have had some great soups such as Jalapeno Cheese Potato Chowder..Pumpkin Bisque around Halloween and a Bacon Black Bean Soup..and one night for an appetizer had some sausage stuffed mushrooms topped with cheese that was just fabulous....Props Beer is still a little to "safe" to get a 5th star from me but definitely one of my favorite spots for beer in FWB and fast becoming one of my favorite places to eat as well....shout out to the excellent bartenders also..they definitely have a friendly crew..like to see local businesses that keep on improving!!
Good thick burgers with that backyard grill flavor and fresh toppings. French fries were soggy and flavorless but the burger made up for it.
Good food, great beer and great atmosphere for watching football.  We went in on a Saturday and even though they were slammed the staff was more than attentive.  We received a free order of fries, just for checking in via yelp.  Will definitely go here again.
Beers are ok. Everything else is mediocre at best- atmosphere, food, service all could be tons better. Had the Belgian blonde, blonde bomber, fish tacos, soup & salad, burger, buffalo chicken sandwich, chicken Parmesan sandwich. All left something to be desired and for the price beers $4.50+ and meals $8.00+ I expect more.
Great new spot. Stopped in recently. Food was good pub grub, selection of beers was good, service was good. Looking forward to them having on-site brewing.
Great new place in Fort Walton Beach. Decor is unique with prop spinning in middle of room.   They recenlty started brewing their own beer, making it even better.  This is not fine dining, this is pub grub and it goes great with the beer and TVs.  Highly recommend fish tacos, hummus, and bread pudding to eat.  Four Kings to drink.  Mickey and Rachel are awesome and ask any questions about beer to Dane. I have been several times and planning on going back.
My favorite place to come out and have a beer! By myself or with a group, I always have a good time. Their staff is friendly, their food is great, and the beer is tasty. They have plenty of TVs for you to not miss a second of the games. Come out and try their beer! You will not be dissapointed.
This is a clean, sophisticated and yet comfortable place. The staff could not be more plesant and helpful. It only took one visit to make this my new favorite place to be. The hand crafted beer is excellent but the bigger surprise was the food. It tasted freshy made. I am glad they took the time to pair quality food with their excellent brew.
Stopped in to support fellow Vets hoping the beer wouldn't disappoint . The Flying Coffin IPA is right on time with its competitors. The food and service were excellent also.
Excellent chicken tenders! Great beer! Thank you from your friends in Texas! :)
menu was kinda small but the shrimp wrap was yummy and had a lil kick to it... the beers were good and bar tender was very friendly .. stopped by for lunch and wasnt disappointed with the food or service.. and especially the beer.. tv is a plus as well.
If your looking to go local, it can't get any better. The atmosphere is perfect for lunch, dinner, or whatever your in the mood for.  The food is all pub grub (hamburgers, wings, wraps etc.), and accents their beers nicely. Personally, I'm a Mac and Cheese fan, but if your not looking for diabetes on a plate their wraps and salads are pretty good as well.
I've stopped here twice to grab a few beers when in town. They now have three of their own brews on tap, as well as about 6 other craft beers. The only thing from the food menu I've tried is the cheese-stuffed jalapeno pretzel, but it was very delicious and I highly recommend it.
First time here, extremely pleased.  Wish we would have known about this place earlier.  Cool microbrew/aviation theme.  Home-brewed lager was great.  I had the fried pickle burger and the wife had the chicken tenders.  Both were cooked well and tasty.  Can't wait to come back and try the blonde ale, hummus and pretzel sticks. Bonus:  military discount
This place is pretty good if you're looking for an easy lunch or dinner, nothing too spectacular though. They brew there own beer and have 6 types. I got a shrimp po-boy...I was pleased with this, good amount of shrimp and fresh and tasty cabbage underneath with a little bit of sauce. It came with french fries but they were awful...grease soaked and limp. I also got a beer sampler, I got: the blonde - clear and light, pretty good flavor and minimum aftertaste. B+ rye - probably my favorite, strong taste, well balanced, smooth aftertaste, nice color: A- porter - very average porter, on the lighter side, not too distinct but not bad: B- IPA: needs some work, tasted very hoppy but too acidic and unbalanced: D
Highly recommend, probably the best burger I had all vacation. I had the fried pickle burger and beer sampler.  Both were great. Daughter loved her Mac n cheese.  The prices are very very reasonable hear.  And it's just a very fun atmosphere.  Location is great very close to Fort Walton Beach.
I love this place. The burgers are pretty awesome. I normally dont care for beer but their brewery does it right. They have one called "The Tigers eye" pretty good. It's alcohol percentage is more than the norm. Maybe thats why I like it? Anyhow, the walls are neatly painted and has a cool air force theme. They also have live music in the evenings and play sports on the tv's.
I was so impressed by this little strip mall bar. First, they are a brewery so the decor is really interesting. The beer they brew is really delicious, and you can try a sample before ordering a glass to see if you like it. Our group ordered the seasonal pumpkin ale, the four Kings brown ale, and the blonde. All were really good except the blonde was bitter for my taste. The best part was the food! The burgers are delicious, juicy, and creatively crafted. I ordered the fried pickle burger and all of the ingredients were delicious by themselves and amazing on the burger. I also ordered wings buffalo style and they were fresh and very tasty. I'll definitely be back!
Great food and beer! I got the pickle burger and it was phenomenal. Hubby got the fish and chips. Said it was perfect but would've like a little more fish. We had two kids in tow. Our waitress was very friendly and accommodating.
In town for a couple of days and love to eat at local places. If you like/love micro brews this is a great starting point. Had a taste of the Oktoberfest and the 4 kings blond ale. Both great choices, if I had time I would have tried another. Staff us great and knowledgeable of the products served
My go to spot when I am down at Eglin Air Force Base on business.  The brews and service is top notch. The food is also pretty good here as well, and I enjoy coming there and sampling what they have on tap. It's definitely worth the trip down to check out what they have.
Disappointment. I love Breweries, but after sitting 15 minutes with no service, we left. And it was not crowded. Never even got to try the beer, which was the main reason I came.
Excellent beers on tap. I ordered jumbo lump crab cake and really enjoyed it! They have a hamburger with a bunch of fried pickles on it.
Not our typical beach trip choice, but the husband isn't a huge fan of seafood. So we took a break and tried this place. Great decision. We went on a Friday night around 8pm. They had live music and the place was hopping. Thankfully they have two dining areas... one right in the thick of it with the music and bar... the other off to the side, much more quiet and had TVs. We sat in the second area. We thoroughly enjoyed fried pickles to start. They were fantastic. Came out piping hot and the serving was huge. I had their black and bleu burger and fries. It was cooked perfectly. Their fried were great too. Nice and crispy. Husband had chicken fingers tossed in buffalo sauce. He is a self proclaimed chicken finger expert and gave these two thumbs up. They looked hand breaded, not frozen. I also had a flight of beers... the lager was my favorite. Servers were attentive and very knowledgable about their brews. Would definitely go back!
Place is awesome!! Close to our house, Awesome craft beer, and supports the military community. The only bad thing is that every time I eat there it reminds me of the dining facility at a deployed location!! There is a smoky haze that hangs in the place and you will smell like it when you leave!! Other than that.....an awesome spot!!
Finally got their sh!t together and started brewing good beer. I've been coming here about twice a year since their meager opening  with disappointment each time. They always seemed to have some major dysfunction: none of their own beer on tap; not enough beer to sell growlers; don't even think about having a sixth barrel filled; and pretty much a shot in the dark on flavor. Now they have a full time brewer and it's obviously apparent. More fermenters, more selection, better quality and a brewery that looks like a brewery, not your cousin's basement. I'm guessing something else changed too unless this brewer, Tom, also has a business management degree. Now it's safe to visit more often than twice a year to assess progress.... this is a full-fledged brewery with consistent beet quality and service.
Great food and beer. I got their basic burger and asked for it to be cooked medium, and while it came out more medium-rare, I still thought it was a great tasting burger. The fries are hand cut and were hot and fresh. My husband ordered the French Dip which was also awesome. I also tried their home brewed Lager and really enjoyed it. The only complaint I have is that they had a party of probably 30 people come in at lunch time, and they must have had a reservation because the tables and waters were all set up for them when they arrived, but they only had 2 servers on duty for the whole restaurant! Both were trying to take care of the large group and their other tables. So of course we got forgotten about. We had to track down our waitress to pay her and waited longer than we would have liked for a quick lunch.
I've been on Yelp for 2 years and this is my first review. We were in town for vacation and ate here on our last night . Brittany was one of the best servers we've ever had. My wife had the fish and chips and I had the Buffalo Mac and Cheese. Both were excellent. I also had the Rye of the Tiger beer (3 of them) and it was really good.
The food was really good. We ate at the bar. We had a smokehouse burger. Its was awesome and they serve handcut fries. The fried pickles are good too but didnt like the sauce so I got ranch instead. My friend had a IPA Hop gun beer and said it was a "calm" beer and tasty. The only negative is that the waiter was kind of inattentive so if service is your thing, this is a bar type restaurant so service might not be the best.
Great food and good beer.  I had the fish tacos and the hubby had the back and bleu burger.  My fish tacos were fabulous.  I have had many fish tacos and these were some of the best. The burger was good but the fries were amazing.  Definitely going back again.
Great! Service was a little show, but the food is great, good prices, and nice atmosphere. Quiet sports bar/microbrewery place - after a long day of traveling it was a great place to relax.  My husband and I both started with the blonde pale ale and blue crab dip.  Beer was good, dip was awesome very creamy.  I ordered the fish tacos because of reviews on here and while blackened isn't how I usually eat my fish I ended up really liking it. Great with the black beans and slaw. French fries were very good too!  Nice and crispy. My husband had the hamburger mac & cheese which he enjoyed, but I think he should have gone for the other mac & cheese that's considered a house speciality (Don't remember name). We will definitely go back.
Good beer Good atmosphere Great service Their IPA And rye of the tiger were delicious
The pickle burger was excellent only barely bested by their fish and chips. Beer is by a matter of preference however the blond bombshell is a must try and the prop oil was great if you like a stout. The wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable.
This place is a good place to get a micro brew, I feel that the food could stand on its own regardless of the beer.  There was a few times the food came out a-little over done but I still really liked this place.  There was a time I went there and there was no tea.  I am a little worried about a good place like this when small things start to happen and before you know you have a big problem that develops which takes a place down.  I have seen it happen too many times with other establishments, most of the time its the management.
Tried the hamburger mac and cheese.  The small amount of hamburger was good but the cheese sauce was watery and flavorless.
Awesome place. You have got to try their buffalo mac n cheese. Their bread pudding isn't for me
This place is awesome! So many beers on tap of quite a few varieties. This is probably the one legitimate microbrewery/grill in the whole area. I had the smokehouse burger and it was really good, better than most other restaurants around this area. Their fries were great too!!! With a side of jalapeño ranch was the way to go. My wife had the fried pickle burger, also very good; they do their burgers right for sure. Medium well WAS ACTUALLY medium well! So many things on the menu sounded delicious and everything that the staff walked past out table made me want to come back to try it all the next time I will be going there. The staff was super helpful, the night we went there was live music. I was not disappointed in any way at all. Definitely a place worth going back to!
Go for the food, not the service!! Our burgers were excellent, the salsa was outstanding and we loved the bread pudding with caramel dip. The service however, was very poor! We waited at least ten minutes to place our drink orders, another ten minutes before our beers were brought to the table.  We had to ask for silverware. Waited FOREVER for our check. If you want a really good burger and some excellent craft beers - this is your place but take lots of patience!
Great brewery near Destin!  I fly in to Destin regularly, but never have had the opportunity to actually stop in and test out their beers.  IPA -  7 out of 10 stars, good hoppy flavor with a mild malt finish,  I prefer a little more malt and better hop aroma.  Brown.  8-10, pretty solid brown ale.   Buffalo Chicken Sandwich = excellent!   5 stars goes to the fact that it is not fried.   Overall excellent place, will be back!
I'm rating this a two due to the lack of creativity and quality of food.  A micro brewery should have very good food and this one fell down on the menu.  The fish and chips were greasy as were the chips, my date had a flat bread sandwich that was bland at best, the home made potato chips were very good, rest of the menu not creative, the beer was average, price are moderate and staff is very attentive and friendly, I've been to 30+ micro breweries prior and this one is average or below, beer selection by the way is plentiful but average in taste, parking is plentiful and location is easy to get to
Really awesome place! Lovely atmosphere, tasteful interior design, friendly and good server (Ashlee is who we had) and of course, the food is excellent! I had the fish tacos which were great! See attached picture, they came with Props' home made slaw and black beans, not your usual taco mix but boy was it good! I had some home made atomic sauce and jalapeño ranch as well which were top noch! My friend had the buffalo chicken Caesar salad and he said it was very tasty! I tried the Rye of the Tiger beer, awesome There was also a guy playing live guitar in the background as well as many flat-screen TVs showing sports and Olympics!  Several specials going ok, check out the other pic I posted. Neat brewery! Will def. go there again!
My wife and I were traveling cross-country and stopped in Fort Walton the night before. As we were on our way out of town, I saw this microbrewery.  After a little persuading, we stopped here for lunch before leaving town. I'm glad we did! We got a flight of four beers and I was impressed with all of them!  As a bona fide beer snob, I'd have to say it's rare for me to have a flight at a craft brewery and not find one that lacks body, or has limited character.  You can order a beer with confidence here. The food is also quite good! My wife ordered the pickle burger, so named for the fried pickles that top it.  The burger is also drizzled in their house made jalapeño ranch sauce. You can't go wrong with this one!   I ordered the fish and chips which was also tasty.  Both meals come with fries, of course...that brings me to another point. The yelp! Check in offer is for a free order of fries.   If you don't get fries with hour meal, your should definitely take them up on it. They are great fries derived from real potatoes, and quite possibly some arcane potato love spells!  They're so good, it's insulting to call them a side dish.
Brewpubs can be nightmarish, especially if they don't have much competition.  This one on the other hand, is a complete dream. Has a decent selection of their own brew 4-6, and were always in stock.  They also have national beer available as well for the those that don't want to be adventurous.  It is smaller looking than it appears, but has a decent outside seating, so that offsets it a little. Food is good bar food, we had appetizers (Nachos, Wings, Fried Pickles), but the rest of the food that people were ordering look good especially he wraps.  The wait staff is good, and attentive and friendly, without being overly friendly. They have a flight sampler as well, for 8 bucks, you get 22 oz in he end, so that is a good deal. Definitely coming back, and am glad that we went.  Total recommendation!
Great food, awesome beer and excellent service!!! Great family lunch spot. Gotta try the Crab Cake and Pickle Burger! Very reasonably priced.
Great brewpub! Try the rye beer. Highly recommended. All of the apps were good. I liked the fried pickles and nachos. The fish tacos did not disappoint. The fries were good but if I were to go back I would try a different side.
Loved the buffalo Mac and cheese, give it a try and you won't regret.  Queso did not last long, because the kids gobbled them up.  Fried Pickles were some of the best I've ever had.   Also had the fried pickle burger, smokehouse burger, buffalo chicken tenders, and chicken artichoke spinach flatbread.  All were very tasty.   Had the microbrew "rye of the tiger" and the IPA, also very good. Service was awesome, TVs had all the sports on.
Ordered the pretzels for an appetizer and they were warm and soft/chewy just like I like them.  Perfect balance of salt on top and not covered.  Honey mustard dipping sauce was a perfect match.  Ordered the Reuben sandwich and it was also very tasty.  Paired everything with Flying Coffin's to drink.  Great atmosphere, bartenders were very helpful and friendly.  Will be back again VERY soon!
Had the GIANT meatball sub for lunch.  It was good, but a little too heavy on the seasonings for my taste. Waaaaayy much food!   The fries were also good, but too many small burnt crisps and not enough real fries in the order. The IPA I washed it all down with was superb!     Confession:  I didn't go there for the food anyway! :)
The beer is good, and they now have growlers do you can take it home with you. The food is pretty good.
*SIGH* I like this place but the quality of the food has diminished the past two times I've been.  We started with the spinach artichoke dip and it was good but VERY garlicky this time.  I am a garlic lover, so it was fine to me, but I definitely noticed  like WOW, that's garlicky!  I came here before with a co-worker and her fish and chips looked awesome so I ordered fish and chips.  It was nasty.  It should have been called greasy tempera breading and greasy fries.  There was BARELY any fish under all that coating and the fries were just saturated as well.  The bottom of my basket that the food came in had literally a tablespoon of pooled oil.  I should have taken a picture, actually.  And I should have returned it, but I didn't.  I have a difficult time returning food because I have young children and they have a limited attention span.  I am a conscientious patron and don't want to have unruly children....So there's not that luxury of waiting for Mama to get another entree.  At any rate....  My husband had a spicy shrimp wrap and it was good, not great.  The service was fine, in fact she remembered us from our previous trip there.  I think she remembered us because my husband's burger was ordered medium and ended up very well done....  The server indicated that there was a new cook and was in training, sooo I dunno.  I'm really hoping the next time we go, I'm not disappointed because it might be a show-stopper.  :(
Great beer selection. We enjoyed the flights and had our favorites. Their beer is the kind you could drink all day. We had the pretzels and they were very good. Mike, the bartender, made the visit. We had a great time talking with other people and the live music was great! We will definitely be back!
Cool place with good craft beers.  Spicy shrimp wrap, BBQ chicken flatbread and fried pickles all hit the spot.
