Delicious! Just ate lunch here and it was great! Amazing tzatiki sauce and the pita was nice and warm. Got the Ali Baba Gyro and my husband got the Chicken Gyro and they were both great! A pretty good size and filled us up! Great service :) will definitely be back!
What a great place to eat falafel! Ali Baba has a variety of Greek food. The prices are reasonable and the service is fantastic. I have eaten here numerous times. I have had the shrimp salad, falafel sandwich, hum as with pits, chicken wings, babaganushj, baklava and fries. They have many options! Their hummus is delicious! And it's served warm, which tastes superb. Their pita bread is also fresh, so make sure to order it with hummus. The portions are large. I usually can't finish my main course with the additional side. I ordered the falafel sandwich and bf got the adina kebab. Both of our dishes were good and we're still full from the meal. (We ate at 7:30pm...) Definitely recommend this place!
Star for service alone. She was a super sweet kind attentive timely server. Tarrific Tumbleweeds- The place being completely empty shoulda been maybe a sign? Sigh. Walking in the place smelled like tar, asphalt or burning oil. Total turnoff & it was kinda hard to get past it. It could have been the neighboring restaurants or businesses? Either way when you walk into a restaurant you want deliciousness from the kitchen. Frozen Fowl- Me & hubby got greek salad with chicken kabob over it. Simple safe decision right? Forked one piece of chicken in my mouth and it was awful. The texture was that of precooked frozen chicken. It almost popped when you ate it. Shudder. Flavor was ok but knew instantly the chicken was precooked, unthawed & grilled to order. Disappointed. For $12.99 salad. I don't like going to places where you have To know what to order. Maybe their hummus is great. Maybe I shoulda had the falafel. Either way I search out another place for Mediterranean.
Family owned business. Very nice people . I always get Adana kabobs. They're off the chain delicious.. It's mmm mmm good!!
After bein completely disappointed by a place right down the road from our house in Shalimar this place was a breath of fresh air. Great food, very clean and amazing service. It's worth the short drive from our place. If your craving this type of food push down on your gas and head over to Mary Esther and eat here. This place is the real deal and the food is great.
Delicious! My boyfriend and I had take out from this establishment after receiving a flyer on our door. It was so good!  We both had a gyro and we both noticed how fresh everything on it was. It was the perfect amount of meat, cucumber sauce, feta cheese and onion all on a lovely warm fluffy pita. I will admit that the restaurant had an odd odor to it. It wasn't unpleasant but it didn't smell like the delicious food that was being prepared. It was not enough to keep me away! We will definitely be back in the near future.
The gyro meat is very good and never dry. My husband really likes their hummus. Service is always prompt. We can't wait for their buffet to open at the end of this month!
I still order out from here, because the food is wonderful and the staff are so courteous. But the prices have gone up and the gyros are not filled up like before. So only go when I need that greek fix.
Amazing! The falafel sandwich is an incredible, mouth watering, delight ! Exceptional service ! A must stop for lovers of Turkish food.
Great service and the most polite waitstaff ever! Food was delicious and came out extremely fast. Nice selection on the lunch and dinner menu. This is a hidden gem in FWB. Will definitely be coming back.
I like this place. It's good to have this food in Fort Walton. It's really better than t A similar restaurant in Shalimar. Good service and it looks like they have tried to update the inside it looks rather nice.
Stopped for lunch yesterday -- great food!!  The new owners - brother and sister - took over management last Monday from the previous Turkish family and have expanded the hours across the week.  The food is very tasty and plentiful.  Had to take leftovers home!   We had the humus + pita to start - very smooth and well seasoned with just a light olive oil drizzle and parsley flakes. Very good! We then had the Chicken Gryo Platter and the Adana Kebob for main lunch portion.  The salad was fresh and crispy with a great blend of tomatoes and onions and light olive oil.  The bed of rice was large and well seasoned from the meats on top. Both the chicken and ground beef were very tasty although the beef was probably a bit tougher simply due to the method of preparation -albeit nothing was left standing.  The grilled pita bread throughout lunch was very good - warm and soft on the inside with a bit if texture on the outside and a good grill top flavor. We wrapped up with the homemade baklava - sweet and delicious end to a frat lunch! Definitely recommend visiting!
This place was great...all the food was super fresh and came out really fast. They don't do a buffet anymore (referenced in other reviews) but they definitely more than made up for it by the super fast service, quality food and the great customer service. I had the gyro platter which was quite a bit of food for $9.95 for lunch and the rest of my table really enjoyed all the kebab offerings/baba ghanoush and hummus plates. Chalk one up in the 'great for work lunches' category.
I have eaten here quite often since the new owners have taken over and the food has always been consistently wonderful.  I usually get the Ali Baba gyro but this time we also tried the spicy gyro and it was simply amazing.  If you like Greek food and you don't mind a little heat then this is definitely something you should try.  I was in heaven from beginning to end.  They have VERY GOOD fries to accompany the gyro as well.  If I had one complaint at all, it would be they just don't put enough fries.  We have never received anything but great service as well, and they even deliver!  If I want good Greek food this, is always my go to place. So, if you like Greek food, do yourself a favor and give this place a try.
Excellent food and very good customer service.  Gyro was fresh and kabab was really juicy and delicious.  Going back again today :).
It's like being back in Turkey. Very friendly staff and all homemade food. Adana Kabob is awesome!!!
The great thing about this place is it doesn't have a liquor license...so you can BYOB (and therefore save money because you're not paying $20 for a $5 bottle of wine).  Go now.  There's talk of that changing soon. The buffet was a typical buffet but the food was tasty and there was a decent variety.
Great service, great food! We ordered two gyros, and hummus. It tasted fresh and was delicious. Very tasty place for Greek food! The service was wonderful as well. Definitely will return!
Came here for lunch as a going away. The server was attentive and was able to handle the group of 8. The food was fresh but a bit over priced for lunch. $9.99 with a water. I order the chicken shish-kabobs.The meal didn't blow me away but was still tasty. I might try something different next time. My friend ordered the humus and it was very fresh and yummy.
Run by a Turk and tastes like authentic Turkish cuisine. A little mom and pop place with limited hours but generous portions. If you are looking for quality shish, tava and baklava, look no further.
The waitress was beyond nice to help me form a gluten free dish from their lunch menu which made my experience here excellent AND it was yum yum delicious! the portions were more than enough for one. No buffet and the decor is in the a bit of need of love but hey I'm there for my stomach not my eyes. My favorite place to eat when I'm around that area.
A delightfull surprise that I wasn't expecting. I went for lunch my companion got the gyro platter  I ended up with the beef shis kabobs. Everything. American out warm and delicious and so fresh. The menue prices were very affordable with very generious portions. Service was excellent very attentive and friendly quick to take our orders, deliver food and process our payment.
Delicious gyro! All fresh ingredients - even the tomatoes and lettuce were top quality which is rare to find since its such as easy place to skimp. The meat was plentiful, flavorful, and juicy. The tatziki was good. I substituted fries for rice and it was tasty and moist. The baklava wasn't all that great, but it wasn't the worst I'd ever had either. The waitress was extremely sweet and helpful. Ill definitely be back!
Phooey.  I wanted to write a 5 star top o' the world review, but 3 star is the most I can stretch it.  I'm beginning to feel like cranky food critic Jeffrey Steingarten (although he gets to eat the really good stuff - for free- and then whines about it with his mouth full). OK- I'm a Med-Head. I just made that up.  I love the Mediterreanean and its gastronomical offerings: warm lavash bread brushed with olive oil and za'atar, halal (humanely slaughtered) meat made into schwarma rotisserie and sliced onto puffed pita (not the flat kind we have here), etc... So Ali Baba wins on some of these fronts. They do have a nice 'cold' bar with tzatziki, coucous salad, tomatoes and cukes, potato salad, some relishes and I think the classic tabblouleh. The "hot" bar has spicey and regular gyro (which I didn't try because I don't eat lamb), but the day we came the place was dead and the gyro was dry and curling on the edges as it sat.  They have giant fava beans, a noodle casserole, a chicken soup, and sad, wilted vegetables.  Much was greasy.  I enjoyed some [chicken] tava and garbanzo beans.  C really wanted Turkish coffee, but there was some resistance when he asked for it. The young server said "It doesn't go with the meal."  ??!! Now, this server spoke perfect, practically Shakespearean English.  He wasn't saying "It doesn't *come* with the meal", he was explaining that the coffee, doesn't go *well* with the meal. Read: I don't feel like making it. In fact, shortly after, he said, it wasn't  available; he would have to go make it fresh. Another Turkish young man came in and they say across from us. C asked if the coffee could be made, to which the server responded, "Yes, but it's very strong and it comes in a very small cup". Read: My friend just got here and I *really* don't feel like making it. So we hunkered down with our buffet food and didn't press the issue.   The food is pretty good, but I woudn't do back flips over it. Ali Baba: There's a reason the Ottoman Empire no longer exists, and it because foolish young Turks failed to do their duties - particularly in making coffee.  And they were conquered by those who cheerfully made fresh coffee for the money-holders.  Lesson be learned!
I've spent a lot of time in Turkey. This isn't close.
The decor leaves something to be desired, but thankfully the food doesn't. I had the Iskender, which is a dinner item, but they made it for lunch, no problem. Kind of pricey, but huge portions! Thank you Ali Baba for my food baby. The meat was very flavorful, a little dry however. I loved their pita bread! So fluffy and tender. I'd come back just for that!
so, last summer i went to Greece and loved it.  you walk in the front door of this place and it is definitely authentic.  It is very traditional Greek and Turkish food.  they also have a Vegetarian menu.  I dont know what more to say other than "you should go there" its worth it. they have take out and delivery too
Going to have to knock this review down, sorry. But the buffet was the best thing this place had going for it. Since my last review they have taken away the buffet and the price seems too high for the quality and portion of food.
The NEW Ali Baba: this restaurant has been under new management since the last time we ate there. It is much better, with good fries, good spicy sauce and good portions of lamb.  When I need to scratch my greek food itch this is the local place I go to.
Just to update everyone but had lunch there earlier this week, talked to the owner and they are bringing back a modified soup and salad buffet that you can add to your meal.
This is the best Greek/Turkish I've found around. My husband and I spent 3 years in Germany and got used to the adaptation of German-Greek food and this is very similar. I've loved everything I've eaten here.
Ali Baba's is probably the best (and only) place you can get authentic Turkish food in the area.  Adana Kebab, Dolma, Borek, and Chicken Tava are but a few of the dishes available here.  Their lunch and dinner buffet is excellent and consists of a mix of Turkish and other Mediterranean food.  The buffet has fresh salads, gyro meat, chicken tava, pita bread, hummus, tzatziki, and a ton of other choices too.  The owners and cooks The atmosphere is as Turkish as you can get on a budget, but it does lack in the authenticity.  I think a bit more copper and a few Turkish rugs would go a long ways.
Tried this today as I'm a fan of authentic Turkish cuisine.  I've lived in Turkey for a couple of years in the early 90's and lived in larger cities and never found anything as good as Alibaba Grill Cafe!  I had the the chicken kabob and a sampled the Adana kabobs.  Tasted as good as I had remembered when I was in Turkey!  Portions were good, prices were a little high for lunch but par for this area as all food seems expensive down here compared to up north.  I will definitely go back!
This is great food, and I love that I can pick and choose on the buffet.  Great for vegetarians too because there are a ton of veggie options.  My only complaint is the big $7.99 buffet sign on the window - it actually cost $9.99 for lunch.
