Masarap masarap! Place was super good and friendly staff. They had lots of different items and all tastes fresh. They brought my friend and I out some lechon and it was cooked perfectly. I highly recommend this place to everyone. Pretty thankful that I get to have delicious Filipino good in my new home.
We went here for dinner yesterday (Tuesday evening) with a colleague. I was so excited since it was a filipino buffet and I am filipino! It was ($9.99 drink included). My husband's colleague really enjoyed the buffet but for us it was a little disappointing. I had read all of the Yelp reviews before I went and my expectations were high. First of all, they did have a variety of choices. My favorite was the sinigang which had tender pork and greens in it but was salty. Next, they did not have dinuguan, it was a special order. They had 2 different kinds of adobo, pork and chicken but were both diced pieces of meat so it became dry. The bbq ribs were reheated in the oven which were leftover or cooked at least a couple times over and were not fresh:( The pancit that they did have was the Vegetable Lo Mein kind and not the bihon. That was actually tasty and freshly cooked. The shanghai lumpia were and overcooked and almost burnt. Me and my husband ate what we could which was the white rice with sinigang. The dessert that they did have was a fruit salad, almost burnt leche flan, and 2 cakes. No cassava cake, puto or siopao to my dismay. There was also a nice salad bar with fruit offerings. The restaurant as a whole was nice and clean. The server was very attentive and kept our table clean of dirty dishes. All in all, the restaurant is average and may be really good when the food is fresh but not on this night. For the price, it was good to fill up on the buffet.
I am quite picky when it comes to filipino food. However, this place blew me away with how each dish tasted EXACTLY as it should! My only criticism would be towards the pancit. I prefer my own or my tita's versus here. Overall, I totally recommend this local hole in the wall!
This buffet has got to be one of the best tasting Filipino foods I've had (outside of the Philippines of course) Food tasted fresh and was seasoned well. The owner of the place was very courteous and made us feel right at home. I could have eaten until i exploded because the food was soooo good. The halo-halo bowl we had for desert was huge. My kids loved the lumpia and kept going to get some more. I particularly love the coconut milk dish they had.
Had a yummy lunch at this nearby Filipino buffet with my guy. They had lumpia, pancit bihon, adobo, giniling, afritadang manok, fried rice and more. All my favorite pinoy dishes. I was really impressed with the variety, freshness and flavor. The adobo was my favorite! The lumpia varied in taste. Some rolls were thicker than others. The thick ones tasted more like Chinese egg rolls  (ehh) and the thin ones more like the lumpia I know and love. Staff was attentive and helpful. I'd go again for lunch.
Enjoyed the dinner buffet at Lanie's Kitchen for $9.99 (drink included).  All of the meats were savory, with the unique Filipino flavorings.  The pancit was delectable, and there was a constant supply of BBQ ribs.  The buffet included several fruit and vegetable offerings, and there were also a decent number of desserts.  During checkout I received a stamp card -- for every six buffet meals purchased, the seventh is free.  I will definitely return.
Local Filipino food place that replaced Sue's Desserts just this year. The main lady that took care our table was incredibly sweet & helpful. We came at 1pm on a Friday and the buffet selection was getting sparse, that's the main reason for a 4 star review. I've eaten at Nellie's Lumpia house in Crestview, FL over 30x and now FWB has a nice Filipino buffet place that is authentic!! The ribs were seasoned just right and nearly fell off the bone, the Lumpia were fresh & bursting with flavor, and the wait staff was attentive to the various tables. My big surprise was the distinctly Filipino dessert known as halo-halo (pronounced like hah-low rather than hay-low; it means "mix" in Tagalog). It is NOT. Included with the buffet but can be added for $3.99. Halo-halo is traditionally served in layers in a cup or bowl. First comes a hodgepodge of ingredients that can range from red beans and cocoa to fresh fruit, followed by a healthy scoop of shaved ice. This is all topped with evaporated milk, leche flan, ube(purple yam) ice cream, caramelized plantains, and strands of macapuno (coconut). I liken it to sticking Fruit Loops cereal with milk in a freezer for 90 minutes than adding a scoop of ice cream in it along with a little fruit salad and beans...... It is memorable and you MAY fall in love with it...... Nice place I will be back for their $8.99 lunch buffet again!!
A must try!! Good authentic Filipino food. The short ribs and adobo were perfectly cooked and sooo Ono!!
In the area on vacation and we wanted to try something new. Absolutely amazing food! It is a must try. Price is very reasonable also.
Excellent food and customer service.  Very authentic and the best food outside the RP.  I stop in for lunch once a week.
