Coincisdently good. Wish okra was a side you didn't have to pay extra for. Salad bar could use a little updating. It's a little outdated but food is very good overall.
Sonny's took on the bid of hosting the local Christmas party this year 2013.  Pulled pork was good but no smoke ring was present.  The brisket was really good.  The chicken was over cooked and dry.  The bbq beans and green beans were good.  The potato salad is NOT homemade.  It is boxed garbage.  This was a cater for 150 people for a fortune 500 company.  Next year we go elsewhere. All our company asks is put your heart into your product. Sonny's  did not deliver.
Imagine the most awkward set up ever.  And the guy they found for you, unsolicited by the way, is just wrong in every sense.  WTF, I just wanted some damn food.  And he was cheap to boot.  Few things are more unappealing. At least the food was really good.  And our server was sassy and you could tell she thought the dude was a fucking loser too.  Full rack of ribs, corn and sweet potato sides.  Everything was good.  And they have different all you can eat specials according to the day of the week.
Love this place. Their brisket is terrific. Nice salad bar. Lynette was a great server!  Their sauce is boss!
Went back to Sonny's and tried the turkey.  Pretty good, although a little dry.  I guess that's why they have so many sauces.  They are waay too sugary for my taste, but I'll yield again to not being a BBQ fan so not being able to fairly rate them.  Same thing with the cornbread.  It's really cake - sooooo sweet it may as well be dessert.  Between the sugary BBQ sauce and the cornbread I am quite sure I heard my pancreas screaming to keep up with the insulin demand.   Good news!  They padded the seats!  My booty was happy! And some of the western decor was down, although the wagon wheel lamps were still lighting the way. Still have a ways to go with the ambience.   Salad bar is still good. I agree with Amanda, who reviewed Sonny's in August;  if you offer military discount, they should not have to be in uniform.  An ID should be sufficient.
You ever felt like you were in an area of town where you weren't welcome and all the locals were giving you this evil eye? Yeah that happened, nonetheless I stopped at this Sonny's. Despite the customers making it slightly awkward for me, the staff was professional and friendly. The restaurant was clean, and the prices here can't be beat. The pulled pork was great, as were the baked beans, sweet potatoes, garlic bread, ribs, etc. A good experience. I probably wouldn't return, but that wouldn't be the restaurants fault, just the locals and the area.
It was alright. The ribs were small but besides that pretty good little place, especially if your craving bar b Que. the mac and cheese was great and also the bake beans!!!
This was my first trip to a Sonny's. My boyfriend lived in FL, so he suggested this place when we couldn't figure out where to eat while we were vacationing in FWB. I had the all you can eat pulled pork with macaroni and cheese and baked beans. I really enjoyed everything, including the sauces (I preferred 'smokin' and 'sweet'). The building was clean and wasn't too loud. Service was a bit slow and spotty and the soda had an odd taste because of the local water, but that's not their fault. The price was quite reasonable (approximately $12 plus around $2.50 for soda). Definitely not bad considering a bbq plate costs nearly that much from some other bbq places. All in all, despite the somewhat mediocre service, I would visit this location again and would certainly visit any others.
Good BBQ for the price. We all had the super combo which was pulled pork, pulled beef, BBQ ribs, and chicken with 2 sides all for $11.99. Here you can smell BBQ cooking. The sauces were fun to try but I liked the sweet one the best. I even ended up buying a bottle to take home. Sides I had fries, tasty krinkle fries and corn. Corn was a bit watery. Service was very fast!
After enjoying alot of seafood in Ft. Walton beach a change to bbq was not bad, we stopped by here on a thursday and liked it, not only that, it was all u can eat beef thursday, good brisket,,more good brisket, the sides were just as good, friendly waitress, it wasn't so packed, but the atmosphere was cool, being born n bred on Texas bbq I give Sonny's a thumbs up and will go back...
While the service wasn't great, the BBQ was above average.  Keep in mind I grew up on KC BBQ, so my standards are a bit high.  They have nightly specials, and one will be hard-pressed to find this type of BBQ outside of a major BBQ region.  Bottom line: All you can eat ribs with two sides for $11/12 is a darn good value!
The all you can eat ribs are great.  I had to stop eating and drive home, just to smack my momma...they are that good.
Great prices!!  I thought the food was really good too!  My fiance and I ordered the half rack of ribs and I had pulled pork while he had the beef brisket.  Both of us were pleased with our choices.  Service was decent.  Although, if you are military, you need to be in uniform to get the discount.  I'm military 24/7 so I think discounts should be too!  :-)
First time at a Sonny's Bar-B-Q and was not let down. Food was delicious and filling at an affordable price. Service was good. Would return again.
Its pretty decent bbw for the area. I tried a bit of everything and everythinf seemed to have alot of fat on it. It tastes good but I had to cut off alot. They also didnt bring my sode of beans. They also pride themselves on their sauces but I didn't think they were anything special at all.
This Sonny's is one of the most consistent and reliable restaurants in FWB.  We had lunch there the other day and like our previous dinner visits, we were greeted at the door, assigned a server and promptly taken to a clean table with menus.  The server was knowledgeable about the menu and appeared genuinely friendly.  We had sandwiches and a cup of the Brunswick stew and everything was correctly prepared and delivered in short order.  The meats are fairly basic.  Sonny can arguably be accused to cooking to a lowest common denominator but remember this is a family place and targets working class clientele and seniors.  Besides, isn't that why they put four types of sauce on the table?  Two things they do exceptionally well are their beans and Brunswick stew.  The beans are baked in a thick molasses type sauce with pieces of pork.  I much prefer them over the pedestrian french fries.  The stew is listed as an appetizer and only comes in a cup.  This flavorful and meaty concoction would easily make a meal if it came in a bowl and is worthy of being promoted as a signature dish. Considering the price, service, portions and quality it's hard to find much to complain about and this one rates better than other Sonny's I've been to, especially in regards to cleanliness.  Remember, this isn't fine dining so it's not uncommon to find it crowded with unruly children so I wouldn't call it a date night place (unless you have unruly kids).
I've been to Sonny's a half dozen times and its always, Plain ole' bbq nothing special.
I loved this place. I ordered a huge variety platter of bbq for only 12.99 and it was great. The best part though was our waitress Christina(who resembled Christina Ricci) haha she was great, fun and witty. GREAT service would definately go back Christina was the best waitress I've had in a long time!!!!!
Great BBQ we eat here every time we come to the area for a visit.  Love it!
Went there with my husband for the first time last week.  It was fabulous!!  My pulled pork sandwich was great!  My husband's pork 3 ways was also fabulous!  The portion was big and the price was very reasonable.  They have drive through service so if you call in ahead of time, you can just drive by and pick up your order!  High recommended to anyone who loves good BBQ.  Oh, I almost forgot to mention their super tasty garlic bread!!
