This restaurant was opened by the owners of Fat Clemenza's in Destin. The menu is similar but there are some different items. The decor is more upscale but still casual enough that you can feel comfortable in beach clothes. I had the pasta marinara with meatballs. It was delicious. My husband had chicken Parmesan. The noodles were cooked perfectly. For dessert we had cappuccino and split an espresso biscuit and a slice of homemade ricotta cheesecake. I'm leaving here stuffed and satisfied. I can't wait to come back this weekend for the European breakfast.
If the service had been better I would have given them 4 stars. My friend and I arrived at 10:30 and we were seated at a good table immediately. That's where the "service" pretty much ended. A lady came to take our drink order and give us menus about 20 min later. She never returned to take our brunch order. Another couple and a man by himself came in shortly after us and their orders were taken before ours and they were done eating before we even got our food. We finally had our order taken by another waitress because I think she saw that we were annoyed. Shortly after the 1st lady came back and "thought" she took our order. We waited another 30 min to get our food. The 1st lady comped our $6 mimosas, so that was nice and she gave us each a free dessert. I had the egg white omelette and it was good. It had feta, spinach and tomatoes. It was supposed to come with a croissant but I don't care for them so I asked to substitute grits and was told I couldn't so I had to purchase the grits and a side of bacon. It also came with a spring greens salad but it had raspberry vinaigrette which I don't care for so I didn't eat it. Overall it was good but not spectacular.  It's a very nice place and I will go back for dinner some time. Hopefully the service will be better!
Ate here twice while vacationing in Destin, great food and atmosphere- pizzas are great as well as the eggplant parmesan.
Came here with my husband. Great atmosphere, great food and the chianti was delicious.  Had wood-fired pizza at the bar which was amazing.  Football on TV, good food and good drinks. What more can you ask for?
Great house chianti, pizza made in front of us and cooked in a wood fired oven just off the bar. Good recommendation from a friend, hopefully more people take to yelp here soon.  Great stop for atmosphere and Italian cuisine to include wine and pizza.
Went with my family for a celebratory dinner. The restaurant had been highly recommended by many to us, so we had high hopes. The decor and ambiance is very nice. Soft lighting, Sinatra playing, very clean and crisp. We were seated immediately and our drinks were brought promptly. Our waitress was as helpful and friendly as could be. But we waited and waited for the appetizer and then waited nearly 40 minutes for the food. When it finally arrived, it was cold, as if it had been sitting out for awhile. My husband ordered the veal saltimbocca, and in all fairness, the waitress did say it wasn't as saucy as some dishes. But a better description would be completely dry. No sauce at all on the pasta. And the cheese on the veal had begun to cool so instead of being soft and drippy, it was congealed. I had the mushroom ravioli which was good, not great. Again, the sauce was cold and the pasta lukewarm as if it had been sitting out. Same with our children's meals. We mentioned it to the waitress and she was very apologetic and said they had a huge take out order and the kitchen was backed up. They comped us two free desserts which were delicious. I'd like to give them another go, especially since our server was so helpful. But cold pasta and sauce isn't very appetizing.
GREAT specials... and wonderful service.  The owner always comes by to check on customers, and that means a lot.  Could use a pizza containing more meat and some SALMON entres... but other than that I love the place!
I have visited twice thus far, the first time for a luncheon and then my most recent visit was for the European Breakfast.  Love the atmosphere of this place, and eveyone who works here goes out of their way to make you feel welcome and see that you have what you need.  For the luncheon we were offered specific items from the menu to expedite our ocassion.  I had the "Fat Clememza", I believe it was called.  It was Italian sausage, peppers and onions on a crusty roll and it was delicious.  The European Breakfast menu has some pretty unique offerings, and I ordered the lemon crepes filled with ricotta cheese and lemon curd.  I was just a little bit disappointed with the crepes because I had envisioned them to be actually *filled* with ricotta and these weren't.  More accurately, there was a lemon curd sauce poured on top of the three crepes and a little inside of each.  The ricotta cheese was not very visible and the crepes were basically flat.  I am a sweets lover, but I have to admit that the lemon curd sauce was EXTREMELY sweet.  I had coffee with mine and I'm glad I did, as it helped cut the sweet a little.  Overall this place is very nice and worth a try.
NIce atmosphere, great decor, and excellent italian food.  Place has chalk boards with specials which are really good.  My family has been there three times in as many weeks.  Recently, my daughter had the stuffed portobello ravioli and I had the Gemelli Arabiata and both were delicious.  Service was great and servers were very attentive.  People need to understand this is a traditional Italian resturant...that means relaxed service with the expectation you will wait for your food as it is prepared.  Traditional restuarants like these are for socializing not just for fast food.  The server on our first visit even advised us to this aspect.  If you want fast food, hit the Taco Bell down the street.  Check out their website too see which days are special event days.  On those days, they reserve portions of the dining area for wine/food tastings and cooking lessons; expect some delays then but otherwise it's casual and delicious.
I was all set to have an awesome lunch with my co workers, first time there.  Ordered the lasagna, $10.00. Expected a large or a tall slice of lasagna for the price of $10.00 at lunch! As my coworkers were served their bowls of food that look substantial, I was given a boat shaped baking dish on a plate where the food never reached it to the top of the side of the boat shaped bowl it was in. I even asked the waitress if that was the lasagna as she placed it in front of me due to the fact it didn't look like lasagna! She said yes and that it was more than the usual portion!! I thought I was hearing things! I proceeded to remove the cheese from the top, it was covered the whole boat, looking for the "lasagna" under all of the cheese.  What I found was one noodle smaller than the size of a credit card and 4 small balls of sausage.  Basically I had cheese soup.  I ate it as I was not the type to complain, nor did I know if that was what was to be expected at an upper class place such as this.  I didn't want to embarrass myself. i should have spoken up... I did eat the "cheese soup" I received as the "lasagna" I ordered.  It was very tasty, I mean it is cheese! The sauce was good, what little bit there was, literally maybe 3 tablespoons, and that's being generous. My co workers' food look like what one would expect for what they ordered. And NO BREAD!!! on the table? Whoever heard of eating Italian food without bread? Well they don't serve it here at lunch, boo! I got the shaft....and left hungry. Wish I had taken a photo too.
OK, I have been trying to get down to Fort Walton to try this place out since it opened. I finally made it Friday night. We normally make the trek from Pensacola to Destin every couple of months to eat at the sister restaurant "Fat Clemenza's", so this is about half as far for us. It, as it's sister restaurant, is located in a strip mall. This one is in a place called Uptown. The Place is slightly larger than the original place and is a lot more open. I felt that they wasted a lot of space with the large bar area, but otherwise it is very nice. The wait staff is very attentive and professional. As always, one of the owners is always there meeting the guests, and making sure everything is good. Now for the food. If you like "Fat's", and who doesn't,, you will like this place. The menu and food items are pretty much the same. Both myself and my wife absolutely loved our dinners. Always check out the boards for the daily specials. Many times they are absolutely to die for. For people not familiar with Clemenza's, even though there are a lot of excellent choices on the menu, you can request items to be to your liking. I love the seafood linguine, but I prefer it with the vodka sauce instead of the white wine sauce. No problem here, just ask. If you like good Italian food, look no farther, this is your place, but a word of warning, be prepared to wait, or make reservations.
Food was excellent. Excellent variety of sauces for all Italian dishes. Pizza light and crispy. Two visits showed us that service was top notch!  Large party room, and bar area.
Favorite local date night spot for the bf and I. The bread is always fresh, the wine chilled to the right temperature and entrees amazing.
I'm so over this place!  It's like being in an abusive relationship - they tell you they love you but treat you like shit.  That is consistently how I feel about this restaurant and this morning settled it for me.  Great ambiance, great sounding menu, managers/owners(?) helicoptering about the dining room.  Everything "seems" great but it's just not!  This morning's brunch was an excruciating experience for me.  Restaurant not even half full, seated straight away.  And then the wait.  Everything is in slooooooow moootion!  Like coma casual. Server doesn't have enough water in the pitcher to fill our five glasses, and it's like, "ohhhh,  I might need to get some more water" dream sequence.  Shuffle to the drink station ever.so.nonchalantly....  Takes our order, and something like seven minutes pass before orange juices and coffee get to the table.  The server was holding the tray at my eye level and I notice a chip on the coffee cup.  Apparently she sees it at the same time, and rather under her breath, mumbles, "ohhh, I might need to get another cup.  Sorry."  And the dead-slow-stop speed back to the bar to languidly get another cup, literally minutes pass. Anyhow, you get the idea.  Zero pep, zero personality, seemingly indifferent to, oh, everything. We waited 45 minutes for our food.  Pumpkin pancakes, french toast, cheese blintzes, chicken omelet, and eggs benedict. We were asked by 1 of 3 manager/owners if everything was all right before we even got our food.  How do you even respond to that?  Then assured again by another owner/manager that "Your food is coming and it's worth the wait!" The server inching her way with three of five plates from the kitchen to our table....  STOPS to have a "Hi, how are you, good to see you" conversation with another table.  I'm about ready to scream at this point. She drops off the lukewarm food....  Three small pumpkin pancakes, no garnish.  Heavy and wet texture, bland.  Omelet was also on the small side.  Chicken super salty.  Strange part is that the description said caramelized onions, which it had, but also chopped onions, too.  Husband said that the bites without chicken were pretty good.  My benedict looked good, but also not hot.  Popovers were too dry on the outside and eggs were overcooked.  Prosciutto, which I know is supposed to be salty, was overboard.  For the prices and the wait, I was hoping that this was going to be awesome, like I do just about every time we come here.  Nope.  Looks great, tastes not so great.  (Very European!) Requested the check, charged for two coffees, only had one, which ordinarily wouldn't be a big deal, but I wanted to leave!!  Took FOR-FUCKING-EVER to pay for this experience.  So long, in fact, that I left with my kids to get in the car while my husband waited to finish the transaction.  Basically ruined our Saturday because by the time we got out of there, we didn't have enough time to go to the festival before my husband had to go to work.  We're talking an hour and a half for breakfast?!?!  Good God.  Not to mention $$$. I feel deceived by this place because it SEEMS like such a great place, and I WANT it to be a great place, the food LOOKS good, but I have been more disappointed than satisfied and I am tired of trying to kid myself that it's worth it.  With all of the "award-winning-best-in-Fort-Walton" all over the windows, I feel like there's something wrong with me or I am nuts, but today I didn't drink the koolaid.  Put a fork in me - DONE.
Service was good at this place. I remember being seated immediately and our waitress would check up on us. There were a few things that were disappointing about this place. Bread was decent came with olive oil to dip your bread in. Bread was fresh and yummy. We ordered the gnocchi in a sage brown butter sauce and it was pretty good. I ordered a margherita pizza, and it was not to my liking. I should have just got the original house pizza. The crust was not to shabby. The bf ordered Lobster Raviolli in cherry tomato cream sauce. That was a let down because there was only one raviolli with lobster meat. It was the house special!! How could they set our hopes so high! (I always try his food, tehehe.) The actual sauce was rather weak too. We ordered dessert which was the Tiramisu and cheesecake. They put whip cream all over the Tiramisu. We ate whatever didn't have whip cream on it. Way to take away from the dessert. I'll have to try the pizza again but it was better than to Cafe Italia.
First. Pizza is ok. Thats it. Nothing else realty lives up to a true Italian standard. Eggplant disappointing.  Pasta disappointed. Sauce not good..portions small. Atmosphere bland.
When the place opened up a while back. I was like "yaay,finally some real Italian cooking " I ordered pizza and I was disappointed . It was soggy
The brunch is AMAZING. The eggs Benedict is the best I have ever had and the Gouda grits are fantastic. They have crepes too! The staff is friendly and helpful. Love going there
This is a great place to go for a slower paced, enjoyable, romantic dinner on date night, or any night. This is not fast food italian. I have been more than satisfied with all the dishes that iv'e had there. There lunch has cheaper, but similar versions of dinner entrees. I recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for great and fresh italian food. Service is friendly and attentive. Reasonable prices, and great wine from what I remember!
Best Eggplant Parmesan I have ever had!! The staff was very attentive. I will definitely be back!
The service was alright. Staff was friendly. The bread was pretty good. Tasted fresh and it was still warm. For the meal I ordered a "house special" but it was very bland. My girlfriend ordered a different "house special" that was supposed to have vodka sauce but tasted like bland macaroni and cheese. The food definitely wasn't worth the price. Won't be eating here again.
Such a shame that I can only give this place five stars. We were thrilled to discover our favorite pizza place in Destin ( Fat Clemenzas) had opened this place in Fort Walton just a mile from our vacation house. What can I tell you except this is the best pizza we've ever had. The wine list always delights with new, undiscovered treasures. Service is personal and gracious. Ambience is romantic and subdued, unique lighting fixtures cast a warm glow ( along with the wine). The pasta and entree offerings are extensive if you're not up for pizza. But really, the pizza is a must!
Had the amaretto cake.... It was to die for!!!! I am normally a chocolate cake girl and thought about getting the Chocolate Molten....because it looked phenomenal, so happy I went with the amaretto cake!!!!  I had to restrain myself from liking the plate...it was THAT good!!
Delicious! The vodka sauce is really yummy. Great service and a good atmosphere. Pizza is ok but not great. Brunch is good too, although the Eggs Benedict was really salty.
We ordered to go because our lunch time is limited. They will not take an order ahead if we eat it there. The charges for each order 75 cents for packaging and $1 for tip. The food was ok not great. We will not be back. Too bad our office is close by and  have over 100 people I guess they don't need our business.
Two times I have ordered lunch and both times they missed the mark! When you charge so much for lunch you need to get it right, esp for takeout. This time was too much. I ordered a chicken Caesar salad and the garlic rolls. The total came to a little over $20.00. There was no dressing on the salad or with it, but most importantly the chicken was under cooked. I did not not notice the semi raw chicken until I had eaten several bites of salad! I only have 30 minutes for lunch so I missed out . They said they would put the money back on my card but it was a long lunchless day!
This restaurant is Mama Clemenza's on the weekend. Don't miss this special place for brunch. Dined here this morning and had their awesome Eggs Benedict and my daughter the Risotto Milanese, a breakfast special that got rave reviews from her. Prices are so reasonable for such quality food, service and atmosphere. Mama is out delivering plates from her special menu that you might find in Italy but surprised to find in Northwest Florida. Great Bloody Mary's, Bellinis, and Mimosas for starters and a fun and welcoming staff. Dress is beach casual or after church dressy. Treat yourself or visiting friends and family. Not a better brunch around!
I went here and I really enjoyed the meal. My group's food came out all at once and everything was hot. our server was great. we told him that it was our first time and he made a few suggestions from each part of the menu. It may or may not have been a script, but either way, he did a great job. I was pretty tired and misread the menu. I ordered the Chicken Saltimbocca Panni which clearly states that it has Shaved Prosciutto. I don't eat pork and had meant to order the sandwich beneath it (Chicken Milano). When I told the server that I could not eat the sandwich he fixed it right away without any problems. Great food, great service. I will be visiting again.
Service was great. We were seated promptly. Nice ambiance. Clean and tidy establishment. We had a very nice and professional waitress (Christine S.), and the owner dropped by to check on us, which is always nice. The vodka sauce on my pasta was delicious. Unfortunately, the pasta was undercooked and gummy, sticking in my teeth. The waitress offered to have the kitchen redo the dish but I hate to waste food, so I kept eating. My rating would be a solid 4 stars if it weren't for that. Undercooked pasta seems a common complaint (I didn't trust the reviewers to know whether it was al dente or undercooked - my bad!). Someone should remind the cooks to test the pasta before plating it. My teenager enjoyed his chicken and veggie calzone. Will return to try the wood-grilled pizza and  cheesecake. :)
This is outstanding food, great service. Top notch establishment. They have a private room and offer monthly cooking classes!!
First time in this town and try this place because we're attracted to the wood fired pizza. We ordered diavolo pizza and was dissapointed because the base was so soft as if it were underdone, though the sides are crunchy. We also had the calamari for appetizer and it was a bit fishy and bland. Now the Rigatoni ala Vodka was actually decent and has good flavor, I added the Italian meatballs which was okay but it does adds taste to the otherwise light pasta. The Mama Cappa Cappucino is a great coffee that helps lightened my day here :)
According to my credit card bill after eating at this fine establishment, they charged me for my entree twice.  So my meal was $12.77 and I tipped $2, making it a grand total of $14.77.  However, the amount charged to my credit card ended up being $27.54, which is twice the amount of the entree plus the tip.  That, in all my years of dining out (fortunately I mostly didn't pay), has never happened.  At times, a shady restaurant like Bonefish (bone who? bone you? bone fish! more like fish bone... fishbone pumping in the back of your throat!!) will charge a dollar or three more, but here, they doubled it, all over your face!
Some of the best food in Fort Walton Beach!
Absolutely horrible! Really long wait , over one hour, for poorly cooked food!  There is absolutely no flavor!  Had to send the clams back to be fully cooked. Don't go there. Tradewinds has much better food.
great Italian food here.  we have loved every dish we have tried.  my favorite is the lasagna.  OMG! sooo good!  add a glass of Chianti and you are set!
Looking for something away from the normal fare in Destin, we stumbled upon Clemenzas. The decor was just shy of of white table cloth, not loud at all with plenty of conversation and people enjoying each other's company. We ordered the "fat clemenza" pizza and it was delicious. My son ordered the muscles, which were very well prepared. If you are vacationing in Destin, this place is well worth the drive, we'll be back.
Had two of their wood fired pizzas last night along with one of their pasta dishes.  All in all, it was pretty good, save the pizza crust, which was a little over done.  Really, my rating would have been much higher if the service would have been better.  We waited 10 minutes after our food arrived for silverware and another 15 waiting for and paying our check.  On the flip side, someone was always coming around making sure our glasses were filled.
This is the best breakfast I have had in the area. I know the listing here doesn't list their breakfast hours, but this place is great. Mama Clemenza herself greeted us and recommended the eggs Benedict but we had already ordered. I'll be back to take her recommendation.
4 stars for food 0 stars for service hence a 2 star review. At the inaugural dinner of my women's group we decided to try this spot to get a little lush on, and some noms. Our reservation was for 7, but we were not seated until 730.  Then we didnt have our order taken until 7:47.  Bread and water 8pm.   The food is outstanding, and there are a lot of gluten free items on the menu if you pick and choose.  The sauteed garlic spinach has a hint of spice- which I was not expecting, but liked very much. Thank goodness for the bar, because if I wasn't tipsy I would have left after 15 minutes of waiting.   *THIS* is ridiculous.  What's the point of a reservation if I have to wait 45 min for a table anyway?  A gaggle of girls drinking, and bonding, and we are made to wait?  I don't think so.
I wanted to take the family here for a nice dinner.  The wife and kids were all dressed up nice. When we arrived the place looked nice and they seated us at a table near the booths.  Then I was immediately turned off by this place when they sat a group wearing swimming trunks and all sopping wet right next to us.   I ordered the chicken marsala it  had absolutely no flavor.  Everyone agreed we won't be back especially for the price, we spent over $100 at our table for sub par food. Save your money they can't compete Marie Callender's frozen spaghetti.
We came for the breakfast or brunch and were very satisfied with the food! Our waitress was horrendous. I don't review service because I understand service differs drastically with each individual visit, whereas, food, ambience, etc. differs much less. When I say "horrendous", I mean, our waitress visited our table ONE time. We tipped generously and told her to ration it between the other 3 servers who went out of their way to help us. Anyways, we are big fans of Fat Clemenza's in Destin and were not disappointed with their newest venture. My wife had the Croque Madame, which was unbelievable! I had the Melon, w/ Prosciutto, Parmesan and honey, which was very good. A crazy mixture of flavors that surprisingly compliment each other extremely well. We came here because of the Groupon deal (which was a steal by the way). We will definitely return!
What can I say? Its amazing. Lunch is great with all their sandwiches and pizzas. For dinner I always get the special. This place hasn't ever let me down. Don't forget to fatten yourself up with the garlic knots!
Good, not great. Super friendly and nice service. Place was caked but we waited for nothing. The fried calamari was very good, the seafood linguine was packed with seafood but at $25, just a square deal. The pizza was good, not good the next day though, not sure why that is at some places. I also had a cannoli which was awesome. One note, the bread on the table isn't good, it is super dense, don't bother with it.
I will start by saying my first thought on entering Italian Red Sauce Joints like this one is, could Michael Corleone take out Sollozzo and McCluskey here and the patrons would not even care because they know those two had it coming and they were so into their salads..breads..meats..noodles and gravy anyway?..first impression was Clemenza's  is not that type place...a little too neat in the space and customer base...Clemenza's is actually for FWB pretty classy inside and has a real nice bar right when you walk in with a good craft beer..wine..and booze selection...instead of a Coppola Movie for Clemenza's ,a more proper comparison would be to a Dickens Novel..A Tale of Two Restaurants..a couple lunch time visits were superb...great food and great service...Classic Hot Italian Sandwich was excellent as was the Waitress Recommendation to add Hot Giardiniera to it..on another lunch visit The Chicken Milano Panni along with the soup of the day ;Wild Mushroom were both quite good...on both occasions Ma and Pa Clemenza were around making sure the place was running well and personally checking on all tables to make sure everything was ok.. add in the fact prices at lunch were quite reasonable and it's easy to see why this is a favorite of The FWB Business Lunch Crowd...my great experiences at lunch are what makes my two dinner time visits so perplexingly bad...on one visit I got a Veal Saltimbocca...the Veal in this dish had been beaten like a rented mule to make it appear bigger than it was..the Prosciutto on it was thinner than Kate Moss after a 2 week coke binge...pasta side had that strange consistency you get when you microwave something..you know when one side is hot and cremated and the other side is cold?...at 25 dollars and not including a salad, I felt like I had really been hoodwinked..in fact when I walked out the door I went two doors down to 5 Guys and got an order of fries because I was still hungry...on another visit, I got the nightly special which was Chicken Sinatra...well you know how when Chicken gets overcooked it gets tough and stringy?...this Chicken was about 2 minutes more in the oven from disintegrating into dust it was so overcooked...if this dish had been served to Frank himself, he would not be singing Luck Be a Lady about Clemenza's cause this dish was certainly not lucky!!, more likely he would have been singing This Lady is a Tramp...again at 20+ dollars for this dish, it was a robbery so brazen I am not even sure Danny Ocean himself would have attempted it....both Dinner Visits it is also worth noting Ma and Pa Clemenza were NOT around, so maybe this is one of those Restaurants where when the Cats are away the Mice will play...hard review to leave because my Lunch Experiences are 5 Stars and my Dinner Experiences are a 1 Star, so I will just middle it with 3 Stars...would definitely recommend for Lunch..not so much at Dinner..If Ma and Pa are around you will be fine it appears..just like Fredo was
Amazing pizza baked in brick oven.  Nice atmosphere.  I would definitely go back.  Perfect dinner out if you want good food and good wine.  A bit pricey, but worth it.
I feel in love with this delicious sicilian style restaurant. I took my little guy for a mommie and me lunch, we both had spaghetti aka pasta marina for the big kids and added meatballs 2 for $3 extra. The sauce was just right, not too tangy or sweet and the meatballs were yummy! It was worth a trip out there. They also have oven fire cooked pizza and teach classes if you're interested. Our waitress was super nice and friendly to my son. Since it was our first time she gave us the low down on the specials and which dishes she had tried and liked she was very helpful. It's a great date night spot with its romantic style decor and low lighting in the evening and beautiful bright atmosphere during the day.
Pizza is the best......classy environment. I will return
2.5 stars. Went for lunch. Sign on reception podium reads wait to be seated. We were seated by the owner shortly after arriving. Good. Only problem was he did not mention sitting us to the waitstaff. Waiter arrived and wondered if we seated ourselves since we did not have menus. Waitstaff was great at helping one another. Our waiter was either a tad forgetful or I was drinking my coke too fast. This was a non-issue because the waitress working next to us refilled me soon as she would see me low. She refilled me twice and our waiter refilled me once during lunch. We ordered a Margherita pizza, the special of the day Rigatoni with Pancetta and Sun Dried Tomato in Cream Sauce, and the soup of the day Creamy Mushroom w/Leeks. The rigatoni dish had good (not great) flavor, but the pasta was chewy. Chewy pasta immediately sends your brain into the kitchen wondering what else is going on back there. The mushroom soup was bland. I added salt but it still was not working for me. The margherita pizza was underwhelming. I expected a wood fired oven pizza to taste much better and have a crispy crust. The dough was doughy (is that a word?) as if it was not cooked enough. The owner cruised the dining room meeting customers. Always a nice touch. The decor is nice. A little dark, but very Italian with classic black & white photos on the walls.
WARNING! Don't go there "off" hours, the servers are more interested in getting cut than serving a late table!       I wish that my third visit wasn't such a huge fail, but it really was? We have gone for breakfast (awesome) dinner on a date night (great!!) and for a late lunch (utter disaster.)  Breakfast we ate with our three kids under 10 and we loved just about everything. Dinner on a Friday night was bustling and busy but not overly so. We ended up enjoying a very good (though also very rich) meal.        The Friday afternoon at 1:20 lunch was a pathetic excuse for a meal even though we arrived STARVING. I am SO glad that this visit wasn't our first, it would likely have been our last. We were seated right away to a half set table with dishwater and crumbs on the dishes, polished water glasses and no silverware at all. Waiters passed us and hovered and not a single one greeted us for the first 10 minutes. Finally with our menus set down a server finally asked if we had been helped. We ordered some drinks and a pizza and a few minutes later the drinks were served to us by our missing server.         We ordered a soup to share and a couple of sandwiches. The pizza arrived and likely would have been excellent...except that it was warm at best. We also needed refills and weren't offered any. I even had to get up and find someone to fetch us silverware and they never offered any refills either. The dough in the middle of the pizza was very soggy and greasy and without much tomato sauce. The soup was delivered right on top of the pizza so we were left eating them both at the same time. The vichyssoise was flavorful but far too salty for my tastes.The sandwiches arrived and I ordered a beer and had to ask for a refill of water and teas. I told her that I thought that the soup was very salty and was indignantly told that I was the first one to complain about it, so it must be my tastes? She also commented that I had already eaten most of it (there was probably 2/3 of it left because I tried to "just eat it" but couldn't. I had my wife try it and she also remarked that it was very salty.) The sandwiches were average at best and she forgot my beer completely.         Being of Italian descent I was probably spoiled by great cooking. The sausages were bland and taut, obviously boiled then quickly grilled to re-heat them and the bread was completely soggy. I was spoiled by slow-cooked sausages left for hours in a good gravy. We always froze them and even thawed they were far better than the ones on my sandwich as they practically dissolve into unctuous, spicy goodness right on your tongue. My wife's sandwich was very "pickly" tasting without explanation. It said that on the menu her sandwich was available "Gardienere" but we sure didn't order it that way. The fries once again? Would have been very good had they been hot.      It's so terrible when restaurants this good fail so miserably but I guess that it happens? I'll be back but just a lot more careful and a little less trusting? Great spots can sure as hell be ruined by a server more interested in their sidework than their service. No manager was to be found. We saw the owner talk to several tables, but he never stopped by ours.
Came in on a Friday, place was packed out! But, someone came up and greeted us and got us a table for 4 in about 10 minutes. Very friendly service. Make a reservation though just in case. Got the seafood linguine, delicious! Clams, mussels, scallops n shrimp, it was great! Everyone got great portions, except for the meat lasagna, a little small, but the other 3 in our party got some good sized plates. Good atmosphere, busy place, great food, and good service. Definitely will be going back.
Great food! Decent service.
I had REALLY high hopes for this placed based on the yelp reviews and my first impressions when we sat down. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. The spaghetti carbonara was downright embarrassing. Definitely not restaurant worthy at all. Portion was also very small. The pizza was good, but lacked flavor and texture. For what we got, I thought it was quite overpriced. I think I'll go back and give it another shot based on the high reviews, but they already have a strike one on my book.
Love this place! My go-to dish is the rigatoni ala vodka. Pizza's and breakfast are great too! Small restaurant so I would recommend making reservations.
This is the Best food I have tasted in Ft Walton Beach. It's high quality food and each dish has amazing flavors. I had the Eggs Benedict and a Mama Capa Cappuccino this morning. The eggs benedict were the best I have ever tired. And the pudding that they make is SO good!! I will leave this vacation spot craving this yummy dish. Mama Capa is a delicious cappuccino made with Borghetti liquor imported from Italy. Not a bad way to start off the day :). The staff and owners are friendly and down to earth. The make you feel welcome and tend to your needs. I highly recommend Mama Clemenza's (breakfast) and Clemenza's for lunch and dinner.
We found Clemenza's to be an AMAZING experience!!  We found them on Yelp when vacationing in Ft. Walton Beach. The service was outstanding and the food even better!!  I had the best chicken piccata I have ever had and the vodka sauce on my husband's pasta was to die for!  We are trying to figure out how to dine there one more time before we leave. It is the BEST Italian food we have ever eaten!!  Totally recommend Clemenza's ~
My family and I were pretty disappointed in the food here. We lived in Italy for three years and let me tell you Italians love salt! This food had none! Ok so it may seem silly to compare to Italy cause of course food is delicious there. But in all seriousness this food was bland bland bland. We ordered the seafood Linguini, Shrimp Fra Diavalo, and kids fettucini Alfredo along with garlic rolls. Unfortunately the garlic rolls were burnt, which I'm not sure if we just got the bad batch or if they're always burnt. Each pasta dish though was severely lacking in flavor!! They had a decent amount of seafood in them and the fettucini was exciting to my 2.5 year old, but I tasted hers and it too was bland. I'm not too picky of an eater so I ate it but really cannot believe I payed $70 for this meal (this included a $10 desert). Wasn't worth the bill for sure. When it comes to Italian, it's best to do it the italian way and COOK IT AT HOME! I could go out on a limb and say maybe their pizza is their strong suit, which we didn't try, but I'm not sure we'll go back again. The atmosphere is a bit stuffy and uptight, and the staff is not overly friendly by any means. I prefer something more relaxed, friendly, and flavorful!
