I'm a huge fan of BBQ growing up in Texas so I can be a bit picky at times.  When I originally moved to this area I was extremely disappointed with the serious lack of quality BBQ to be found.  I can truly say I'm very impressed with the food here.  I'm posting this review after my first visit and I fully intend on returning every day until I've tried all the main items on the menu. I purchased the Sampler for $14 and it was a ton of food.  Easily enough for two people.  It came with 4 spare ribs, a mound of shredded chicken, and a mound of chopped pork.  It included two sides and a sweet roll.  I got a double serving of beans since he ran out of coleslaw.  The spare ribs were unbelievable tender and freshly smoked.  They had a wonderful smoked flavor and paired really well with the two different sauces I had.  I found the "Secret Sauce" to be really interesting and quite good.  The chopped pork was very moist and the chicken was good too.  The cowboy beans were awesome!  They had huge chunks of ground beef and chopped pork.  The sweet roll was even delicious.  I can't wait to try another plate tomorrow.
FINALLY!!!  I keep hearing about how the south has great barbecue, but have been EXTREMELY disappointed with the flavor and quality of the existing places in town.  Not anymore! Today I had ribs with coleslaw and baked beans.  I got the sweet sauce and also the secret sauce to try.  The rib meat was so tender and perfectly cooked, and the sweet sauce was a nice tangy sweet that complimented the smoked meat nicely.  The slaw was nice and peppery and wasn't drown in a heavy mayo dressing.  The beans could be a meal alone with the amount of meat.  His prices are soooo reasonable, it's embarrassing.  I purchased two rib dinners, two pork sandwiches (he substituted beans instead of slaw for me), and an open-faced chili dog with beans and corn bread for $42.  That's a deal, seriously, for the amount of food and the quality! This food is made with love and it shows!
DEEEEELICIOUS! Truly lip smackin' good bbq. The best spare ribs I've ever had. Normally I'm only a fan of baby back since most spare ribs are tough and chewy. Al's were fall off the bone tender, juicy, and moist. All of his meat was incredibly flavorful and tender. The pulled pork sandwich was out of this world, beans had added meat in them and were absolutely scrumptious, and his sauce was dynamite. Amazing smoked flavor and excellent bark! If I didn't have some place to be I would have turned around and gotten another sandwich. I can't wait to go back. This is THE ONLY place in the area that is worth spending money on bbq. Seriously.
This was my family's first time eating at Al's smokehouse. Let me say that it was fantastic. We went on a Friday night and he was closed early due to running out of food. We came back Saturday afternoon to try the ribs. Everyone's reviews said to try the ribs. But at 1:30pm he was already out of them. But we still had the pulled pork and chicken which was very amazing! So good and the sauces he has are fantastic. There was no complaints either. The price was very fair for the amount you get. My family and I will definitely be coming back! One thing he is located on green acres not hurlburt road.
Ok, ok, I'm on the Al's Smokehouse train. *Finally* there's some barbecue in this area that I consider to be really good barbecue. I haven't had any ribs around here that can touch his, and I've been living here for 20 years now. Al's ribs are reminiscent of what I grew up on and had out of the various backyards of male relatives who were nothing short of grill masters. As everyone else who has tried the ribs and reviewed them has said, they pull from the bone, are not dried out, have a perfect smokiness to them, and are just plain good. Loved the sauce. I also had the beans and they are decent. I was not a fan of the sweet tea, but only because it wasn't sweet enough for me. I really wish Al much success and hope that he will hang onto his winning formula and way of doing business. (Oh, and don't forget that Yelp has the wrong address. It's on Green Acres off of Beal.)
I'm home on leave and looking for local food places to try and being a BBQ cook myself naturally I wanted local BBQ. Let me start with HOLY COW!!!! Al didn't show up to mess around. I won't be putting my retirement letter for a few more years but that may change, I know we will be coming home more frequently. Let me start with the sauce, if you put it in a cup I would drink it! Flavor is a 10 Ribs - great flavor and texture. Good bite and awesome smoke ring. I do BBQ competitions in Northern CA and rarely have anything good to say about other peoples ribs so believe me, Al's serious about ribs! Pulled pork - outstanding, mixed with his signature sauce and it's heaven on a plate. Beef - I was skeptical when he said it wasn't brisket, I'll probably be there for lunch tomorrow, enough said on that. Baked beans - the bite I got was delicious, I couldn't get the fork back from my 5 yo daughter! And lastly the chicken - lots of folks dry it out and flood it with sauce. Not here. All in all I would have to say this is the best food experience I've had since I've been here. Thanks Al, and good luck!
First off a Big Shout Out to Yelpers Laura L and DG for letting me know this place exists...very good chance I would have never run across this BBQ Joint without your two great reviews of Al's...I was intrigued ,but I did not let my hopes get too high, because I know all to well that even though The South has tons of great BBQ Meccas they for the most part don't exist once you cross into Florida...FWB is no exception with places running from the decent(Kinfolks) to the desultory(Sonny's)...finally the day came where I was going to give Al's a shot ,and even though I had a fairly good idea where it was, it took a couple times driving by the turn until I finally saw where the Airstream Trailer was located....after looking at the menu I ordered a couple Chopped Pork Dinners with Beans and Cole Slaw and a Rack of Ribs...while waiting for Al to box everyone up, I was talking to him about BBQ and immediately my hopes were raised even more ,because this guy loves to discuss his Craft..one thing I've learned about BBQ over the years is what separates the good from the great BBQ Places is that to be truly great The Pitmaster has to be in it for more than the money...they have to love the craft of BBQ'ing, and you can tell immediately Al loves everything about BBQ....once I got to the house we all started devouring BBQ....the Pulled Pork was fantastic with a great flavor....the Beans were awesome, because they were more like a stew since they had so much meat in them..the Cole Slaw, which I normally don't like, was great because it only had a little mayonnaise and a lot of pepper on it.....that was  simply the prelims.....the main thing I judge a great BBQ Joint on are the Ribs...quite simply these were some of the greatest Ribs I've ever had...so tender they fell off the bone and you barely had to chew them...a nice bark on the outside and a smoky flavor all through out the meat...great BBQ does not need sauce and you certainly don't need sauce on these Ribs...if you do like sauce though, Al's has a good one...it's definitely of The North Carolina Vinegar Variety with a hint of sweetness..I usually dunk a little rib meat into it every few bites, just for a change of pace....I have been back a few times more and in addition to my standard order, Al always is throwing in extras on stuff he is experimenting with...one time it was Smoked Buffalo Wings and on another occasion it was Smoked Sirloin..both of these were excellent as well..the other solid thing about Al's is that you get a lot of great food for a very reasonable price.. in fact I think he always is giving out a little extra in every order...I can't tell you how happy I am to finally have a real BBQ Place like this in Fort Walton Beach...I see myself making many return visits in the future...5 Stars all the way..worth the effort to find...just don't get there too late, because the word is getting out on this place ,and by the end of the day a lot of the meats are out..If your a BBQ Lover this is THE SPOT to come in FWB
Al is a great guy that's trying to get his BBQ on the map! His meat tasted like he had just cooked it, no hint of it being reheated. The prices are reasonable. The sweet tea is brewed by the sun and if you're skeptical just look at the picture posted. His location is not that awesome, but his quality of food makes up for it.
