Just finishing a road trip with my dad from Houston to FWB and have had fantastic food along the way.  Tonight was absolutely one of the best.  We started with the Broiled Gulf Crab Claws and glasses of Yuengling.  The plateful of claws could be a meal in itself and they were fresh and served perfectly.  Next up, Dad had the seared Ahi Tuna and couldn't stop raving.  I had the broiled Grouper and can't say enough about the spicing and freshness.  The only thing I wish I had changed... I should have ordered all broccoli for my side.  It was perfectly steamed and outshines the previously frozen corn on the cob and bland red potatoes.  We topped off our dinner with a piece of homemade Key Lime pie and it was yummy!   I should also give a shout out to Josh who did a great job of answering our questions and taking care of us throughout our meal.  I am leaving tomorrow but Dad is already planning on returning tomorrow for dinner. Just thought I should also note that parking isn't really clear as we weren't sure if we could park in front of the restaurant and the side lot was full, so we opted to park close to the restaurant in the lot nearer to Kmart and had no issues.
We stopped by here during happy hour and didn't realize oysters were on special then too. Which was a pleasant surprise since a couple of us were looking forward to fresh oysters to consume. They were a bit on the small side (not sure when FL oyster season is though) and could be scrubbed some more. However they were fresh and yummy. I preferred them raw but the steamed ones were steamed well and not over done. Hubby got the seared tuna app which was fresh and delicious. He got the ribeye which was tender and grilled shrimp add on. The shrimp were seasoned well but not overly to take away the sweetness of them. Someone in our party got a salad as a meal but honestly, this isn't the place for salads. It's just bagged iceberg type with not a lot going on in it. Stick the seafood and you'll be pleased.
I have no idea how this place 1. Has so many stars, or 2. Is still in business! I went here with my parents and all ordered the shrimp salad. The salad was extremely plain and only had 3 tiny shrimp. On a shrimp salad! For $10! When we asked about it, they appologized and said there were aupposed to be 4 shrimp instead of 3. After 10 minutes they brought us a platter of three tiny shrimp for the entire table!
Although we specifically requested that the bisque be extra hot it was served at room temperature.  After sending it back to be reheated, we were served our Luke warm main course.  The soup arrived while we were eating the main course....the view was the only thing worth going here for.
First time in the area and was craving some crab and clams. Decided on this place compared to many others because of Yelp recommendations. We ordered the platter with clams, mussels, shrimp, oysters and snow crab. As far as the clams goes, they were very sandy and not cleaned properly but still pretty tasty. The snow crab was a bit salty. I like the crab steamed and let the natural sweetness coffee through, but they added some sort of seasoning that made them salty. Steamed oysters, clams and shrimp were good. The fried sampler appetizer dish a totally worth it. Calamari, oysters, shrimp and mozzarella sticks were delicious.
My husband and I brought our newborn daughter here for her first dinner out!  ;-). The whole experience was truly awesome. Josh was our server and he was great!  He was nice, fun, and attentive. When he found out we has never been there before, he was quick to give us his recommendations...and they were excellent. We both tried what Josh recommended.  I had the grouper parmesan.  It was awesome. The grouper is local caught and cooked in white wine and garlic, topped with parm, and served with steamed broccoli, roasted red potatoes, and corn on the cob. The hubs got the fried soft shell crab and he said it was the best he'd had in 10 years. They were huge, perfectly seasoned, and served with fries, hush pups, and cole slaw. We will be returning to Rick's before we leave the Fort Walton Beach area.  If you are visiting the area, or if you live here, you really need to check it out!!  Ask for Josh and let him know we sent ya. ;-)
I was craving soft shell crab on our recent vacation, so my husband and I came here based on other Yelp reviews. Definitely not much to look at from the outside, but plenty of seating and a friendly atmosphere on the inside. You definitely get your money's worth as the portions here are generous. I did order the soft shell crab, and unfortunately I was a little disappointed. It may have been because we were there on July 4th weekend and they were very busy, but it wasn't as fresh as I had hoped. It was good... just not the delicious dinner I was hoping for. My husband had the shrimp po-boy, and he really enjoyed it. I would definitely try something else on the menu if we ever went back here. Although you could tell our server was exhausted, she was very friendly and attentive during our busy wait.
Great crab soup, absolutely amazing!!! Nice and spicy wonderful goodness Bloody Mary.  Been here twice and food has been the same across the board, always equally GREAT!!!
Mykal was an awesome server, thank you for the advice fellow yelper! Good food and great little place. Love the locals and the hometown vibe! Will come back ! The outside appearance not grey but the inside so cute laid back and CLEAN bathrooms! Yay!!!
My wife and I just spent our honeymoon in the Destin area two weeks ago.  We vowed that we'd have seafood every night while we were there.  We didn't find out about Rick's Crab Trap until our last night before returning home.  We tried it - AND LOVED IT!  It was a little hard to find at first, but the food and service were fantastic.  I had the fish tacos and she had the crab combination plate (king & snow crab).  We both left so full and more than satisfied.  Our server was quick and very genuine and seemed to really be proud of the place.  A++ from us!  :)
ERMG Seafood. I was actually really surprised at how good the food was here for the price. You can drive to Destin and pay more and not get as much. It isn't in the touristy area but it is right across the way from uptown station for convenient shopping if needed. I recommend for sure.
We came here our last night staying in ft Walton. A little off the beaten path, this place was our favorite out of them all. We've eaten at some of the more popular places but none even came close to how great the experience was. My family and I were seated as soon as we walked in. The waiter, Mykal, was amazing! I recommend requesting him when you visit. The portions are very generous for a very reasonable price. Everything tasted extremely fresh and was seasoned very well. The facility was not your average restaurant setting and had a lot of character in the decor. Very comfortable setting. Bathrooms extremely clean. A MUST visit if you are visiting the ft Walton or destin area. Ps. Best seafood gumbo on the coast
Not much to look at from the outside and the inside is ok. The food and portions are great though. I lived in Florida 28 years so I have had my share of seafood. We had the grouper bites, crab cakes, blackened grouper, angus burger, popcorn shrimp for the kids and it was all great. You could find a place that has a better view but probably not better seafood.  If this place was on the water it would be a great all around place to go. The only negative was the back room where we sat because we had a large party of 10 was warmer than the rest of the restaurant. They had two small vents cooling the whole room and the restaurant had an entrance to the room which let in the outside heat.
Don't let the location or the building fool you, this place is a must visit.  Great local family owned place that cares about good food and good value.  We were at the beach for a week and ended up eating here twice it was so good.  Both times were excellent and the service was great!! Raw oysters were outstanding, fish was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The cocktail sauce was so good I was eating it straight on crackers after I regretted only getting half dozen oysters instead of a dozen.  The wife had snow crab which she loved. Second night I got my dozen raw, and we all had ribeye and king crab and I can say I was pleasantly surprised with the ribeye, it was very very good.  Seasoned perfectly and awesome grill taste.  Even my son who is a very picky eater thought it was really good.  King crab was perfect as well. Will definitely make this a regular stop on our visits.
Im all about the quality of the food, although the outside of this place is misleading. .. the food and service makes up 10x. I ordered the Fish of the day (Amberjack) special.. it was the best Amberjack I've had!!! BEAT OUT THE AMBERJACK  I had IN NASSAU, BAHAMAS. Mom had crab legs and shrimp lots of crab and seasoned perfectly. My husband had the Ahi Tuna sandwich which was so fresh. Service was great and fast. Alcoholic beverages were strong but tasty. Had the tuna dip as an appetizer,  pretty good. Overall great deal for the $$$.
I am a an airline guy and have had Fort Walton Beach overnights many times over the years, as I have relatives who live here.  The relatives have always taken me to the touristy parts of town and I have always found one common theme: the service is usually provided by someone that seems to care less about actually being there, or just has too many tables. The food tastes unoriginal and like it just came off the back of a Sysco foodservice truck: frozen and pre-made. Our van service driver, Jamie, tells me every time we pass Ricks going from the airport to the hotel, that I should eat there. I wish I had done so earlier.   Our server, Mike, was attentive, positive, and made great recommendations. He really added that extra bit of satisfaction to the experience. Good service goes a long way to make a meal in my opinion. The Oysters were perfect - large and clean. Someone below mentioned they were small - I did not see that at all, though I imagine it varies by season and which oyster bed they are buying. Regardless, I was very happy.  The Slamberjack Poboy, a tantalizing sandwich with fish, bacon, and melted cheese, was fantastic. I am not usually much for Amberjack but it was spiced well. To offset the bad calories I got steamed veggies instead of fries, and even they were very well done.  My aunt got a small salad and the crab cakes appetizer, which were big enough to be a whole meal(she only ate one).  All the portion sizes at the tables around us seemed very generous - certainly compared to other restaurants we had been to in the area. A big thumbs up here and we will certainly return to this hidden gem for the great food and service!
As other Yelpers have noted, the exterior leaves a little to be desired. The interior however, leaves a lot to be desired. A small bar area with a couple of TVs but adequate seating throughout for the amount of business generated at their location. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. For me, stars are at a premium. Thus, Rick's get a 3.5 for being a good dining experience but could seriously up their game by improving on the dining area and exterior. The food was good and my wait was minimal. The hush puppies that accompanied my grilled grouper filet were small and over cooked. Once again, small details, but in a competitive dining environment, I would expect more. 3.5
I love the crab soup, oysters and soft shell crab. ! have always, until today, enjoyed their grouper nuggets..something has happened they did not have the sweet taste of grouper- taste was more of a frozen cheap fish. tisk tisk. I will try again. OBW, they do have good bar drinks
Solid Ft Walton seafood restaurant!  Took the family here for dinner had great food great service.  Had Amberjack and seafood sample platter appetizer, great place to go while on vacation.  Would be a regular if I lived here fosho.
I don't care how it looks outside, the food and the people are awesome! Even the catsup tasted good. The lady server was very friendly and attentive to our needs, my kids especially. The fried soft shell crabs, shrimps and oysters were the bomb, and the philly cheesesteak, which we carried out, was also good. A must try is the homemade cheesecake--the best we have ever had, very rich but not too sweet. My son has all ready declared that we are having dinner again there tomorrow.
Not much to look at from the outside, but, our food was delicious! Our party ordered everything from the kid's menu, to a burger, to the grilled crab cakes. Everyone enjoyed their dish. No happy hour on Sunday, so beware. Nice selection of signature drinks. Everyone agreed, we would definitely eat at Rick's again!
Came here with a few coworkers. This place was awesome. The waiter was badass. The oysters were $6 for a dozen!!!!! Raw or steamed. Their homemade cocktail sauce was delicious. I have nothing bad I can say about this place. The quality of the oyster was great also. Don't let the price fool you.
Delicious food! We were seated as soon as we walked in. Good prices, good service. Will definitely return when we come back to fort walton.
Oyster appetizers are a must. The seafood was all fresh and well prepared. Service A-1.  If you are looking for cloth napkins and tablecloths don't come here; the food is great. We enjoyed the food so much we returned twice while staying in Destin that week.
Just finished eating here and highly recommend it for lunch. Their prices were great, service was amazing but most importantly the food was delicious!!!! You won't be disappointed. We had the catfish and oysters and loved it!
Yesss I lovee a good seafood place, especially if I'm in Florida. I was pretty hesitant about stopping here at first, because the location or the way this place looked driving by was really weird. You could barely notice the sign unless you stopped at the light and happen to glance over. The menu wasn't too massive but enough seafood options for a seafood lover like me. I noticed they had the steamed bucket for 2 for $44. I was curious because I was skeptical a little bit if this would fill up me and my boyfriend. The waiter assured me it was more than enough. I took his word for it and ordered that since I didn't know what else to order. When he brought it out, it was massive. It included crawfish, shrimp, steamed oysters, clams, mussels, 2 lbs of crab legs, potatoes, 2 corns, and I might be forgetting something, but it was a lot of food. We also ordered a half dozen of the raw oysters. Those were amazing to start out with, they were plump just the way raw oysters should be served. The bucket was worth it, although my issue was the crawfish was entirely to salty. The shrimp was my favorite in the bucket because it was seasoned and cooked just right. They included a lot of everything that was listed for the steamed buckets. The crab legs were okay because i have my days where I like crab legs, and my lazy days also. I wish the potatoes had some kind of cajun seasoning. We threw the broccoli out though, since it seemed like it was only used for decoration. Definitely get this bucket if you're craving for seafood, but remind the waiter that the crawfish needs to be less salty. A good place for tourists like me, or if you are a local who loves seafood as well. The waiter we had was great also. The prices are very fair and reasonable.
Nice seafood place in FWB. We had such a nice server who was very helpful. I asked about the slamberjack eggrolls if they had onions. She went back to the kitchen to confirm they didn't. She said they contain regular eggroll ingredients. When I received them, first bite was overwhelmed with pickles which I hate. My guest tried them and couldn't stomach them either. The owner made the waitress pay for them with her employee discount which pissed me off. It wasn't her fault I didn't like them. My crawfish was great though.
Ate there ONCE and that was enough! I ordered the raw oysters and think they gave me a plate of scallops! They were the smallest oysters I ever saw!  They could of at least given me a larger quantity since they were micro-oysters. But No! Only 12 that probably equaled no more than 4 in weight of regular oysters.  In addition the female waitress spent most her time socializing with another customer.  We needed extra napkins and I waited and waited for the waitress. Eventually, I had to get up myself and walk to the bar to get them.
