Always very friendly. Bento boxes are always filling and not too expensive. Have never left hungry or dissatisfied. Will keep coming back. Sushi is also priced well and is of great quality.
I would give them 5 stars if they didn't take so damn long making my sushi. I feel like a year passed by when I place my order until the time I get it . The sushi is so delicious . I give them that . Homegirl who makes the sushi can make sushi . That's why she gets a pass with taking so long . If I was her I would hire some extra help in making sushi . I would work there just to learn her secret in the art of sushi making them than quit . I like this place just you have to wait a long time for your food . our waitress Robin is a sweet lady who works her butt off in that place .
Great food, sub par service. We've eaten here several times, and the food is always amazing (5 stars for food). However, the substantially negative drawback for this place is that there seems to be one cook, one server and one person making sushi. Of three or four times we've been there, it takes 20 minutes before you even can place your order, 30-45 minutes before your food comes out and then another 15 minutes before you can even check out. (Would give two stars for service). Overall, the food is outstanding...but the last two times we've gone in we've had to walk out because they are understaffed, and they said it would be a long wait time even though the restaurant was only a quarter full.
I would give this 5 stars if she got more workers! Robin is a sweet heart and I feel so bad for her running back and forth when it's extremely busy! But, I can't lie, her sushi is off the chain! The volcano and Philly cheese are the best!
Went in tonight to pickup sushi that I called in.  Was told by woman taking my order that it would be 30 mins.  I arrived promptly at the 30 min mark.  Paid for my order and was told it was not made yet and that it would get started after the seated guests were done at the sushi bar.  REALLY?  I sat and waited for my sushi for a total of 30 mins in the place.  A total of 1 hour.  No apologies, no discounts, just wasted time.
My daughter and a friend accompanied me for lunch today.  I'll get right to the point:  The sushi rolls were good and generous.  The prices are fairly typical for the area.  I will go back for sushi, definitely.  The bulgogi is good (my daughter said so, so it must be true), but there are a couple hiccups with this place. The floor was sticky, like make-noise-when-you're-walking sticky.  My fork was greasy, but the tables were pre-set and there was a fourth on the table that was clean.  The glasses are on the small side (for the South) and plenty of ice is used, so, if you do the math, re-fills are almost constant.  We all just had water, but needed filled about three times.  Finally, the poor server is running her ass off, trying to accommodate the lunch rush.  My heart seriously went out to her....  She's an older lady and she seems to be at the mercy of the sushi chef - a stoic woman who wraps a great roll, but probably knows karate and uses it.  Seriously, I felt like this poor server was being watched like an eagle and afraid, very afraid, of making a mistake.  At one point, a man sat at the counter, clearly a regular.  The server was hopping around, trying to refill water, and made eye contact with sushi queen, who scowled and pointed abruptly to the man's empty glass.  She about horse-collared herself to get him a drink.  She was totally in the weeds but had someone else been there, it may not have been so bad.  They hand write the checks, too, and sushi queen ended up ringing us out.  I gave her my check and she said, "Oh, the server didn't even total it for you?"  I said I didn't care, that it was okay, but I had the sneaking feeling that she had this laundry list of all the shit this poor woman couldn't do on a shift.  I left a good tip.  Hopefully sushi queen is fair.  But I doubt that other patrons are as sympathetic as me....  And the music was a tad loud for lunchtime.  Gotta get that last dig, right?
I'm changing my older review because I'm that upset with their service @&;!&! Three stars for great food but terrible service. They took literally AN HOUR for my to go order!! My husband was picking up the order on his lunch break...he literally wasted half of his lunch just waiting there for the order!!!! GRRRR!!! I don't think I will be ordering here anymore...
Good sushi but terrible service. We live only a few minutes away and whenever we call to place a pick up order they always tell us 30-45 minutes and we still end up waiting once we get there. That's completely unacceptable for sushi in my opinion. The prices are good and the sushi is actually pretty scrumptious, especially  considering the location. Definitely ask about the special rolls, they are some of the better selections. The Debbie roll and Miami Heat are delicious, although Im pretty sure it's the same roll.  We weren't too impressive with the bento boxes. Overall, yummy sushi. If we don't have the time to drive into destin for sushimoto this is our go-to local place.
We went on Sunday eve, it was fabulous. They still need some help to make flow smooth. One person can only do so much.
Here's the thing: There is no authentic sushi in this area.  So to compromise, we go to places like Dosirak, which makes okay sushi for the area, which truly is not saying much.  The place looks closed from the outside but is actually open.  We sat down in an empty restaurant and waited and waited for the menu.  Finally I got up to get the menus myself and the server walks with me to the table, insistent on placing the menus on our table herself.  Okay. The lady behind the fish counter was the silent, solemnly stoic type.  We got a few rolls and my friend got the bulgolgi bento.  Seriously, I'd stick with the sushi rolls.  You walk out smelling like a wok.  Around $8-10 per roll.  Sushimoto is definitely better.  And China Taste has a much better deal for all you can eat sushi.
Friendly, accommodating personal service, excellent food and fair prices. The atmosphere is softly lit and relaxed.
My boyfriend and I had a wonderful lunch here. It was our first time at the restaurant, so we weren't sure what type of sushi to order. The sushi chef was more than accommodating. She listened to our likes and dislikes (we have very different tastes) and made perfect rolls for both of us and even one to share. Everything was fresh, delicious and inventive. We'll definitely be back and will tell a bunch of our friends about Dosirak House.
Amazing sushi at more than reasonable prices, and a relaxed environment to eat it in. The rolls were amazing, service was spot on, the restaurant itself is very inviting for lunch of dinner. Chong, the sushi chef from FWB Yamatos fame, is one of the best anywhere. If you are a sushi lover, or yet to try, do yourself a favor and check this place out.
I stopped in today for lunch and I'm glad I did. Most people might overlook this restaurant as its tucked away in the corner of a shopping outlet, but persistence paid off. This quaint restaurant is bright and airy inside with just the right amount of Japanese ambiance. The staff is courteous and friendly and the food is great. Our small group started with cucumber/seafood salads, a variety of sushi rolls and a beef bulgogi bento box. Prices were very affordable and the portions were good sized. We'll definitely be going back. This just may be our new favorite place for sushi!
Do not be deceived...this place does not know it's sushi.  The sushi chef at the time was Vietnamese...or something like that...definitely not Japanese or Korean.  The food was horrible...price was not too bad...but food was definitely not worth the trip.  Avoid at all cost...the rating should be much lower than what it is.  The only good thing about this was the nice waitress lady who was very attentive and pleasant.
The ambiance was cute, the geisha waitress outfit was adorable and the customer service was awesome. When i went they didn't have gluten free soy sauce and I'm glad to read they do so I can come back for sure. The waitress was super helpful finding a gluten free sushi for me and my family. It's found in a random spot but it's worth it and good for going aways, luncheons, large groups, kids, or a date night.
Super fresh sushi and the staff is so nice. Gluten free soy sauce and was able to tweak our maki.
Great fresh fish! Delicious sushi and seafood salad! The restaurant is very clean and service was great, but the ambiance is lacking. We will definitely be returning for more soon!
This is hands down my favorite sushi place!! The sushi is remarkable and tastes so freaking delicious. Customer service is outstanding and the owner is an amazing sushi chef! I will miss this place!
Went on the recommendation of a couple of friends. The staff was both friendly and attentive. Fried rice option in my pork bulgogi bento box lunch was a nice surprise. Added tuna nigiri appetizer which was GREAT. The bulgogi was mediocre at best so I can't recommend it. But I will definitely go back for the sushi.
By Far the best Sushi/Japanese restaurant in Fort Walton Beach.   The Atmosphere, Food, and Service is great, we will be a regular!
I've been here a couple times. I only have had a few rolls, but they were all good. Quick and friendly service too.
