My husband and I stopped here after 20-30 minutes in the car with a screaming baby. We walked in, and were immediately greeted by a very helpful employee. He handed us menus and let me know that there was a changing station in the women's restaurant if we needed it. We were going to grab the food for takeout, but since the baby calmed down, we decided to enjoy our meal in the restaurant.  I'm thrilled we did. My husband LOVES hot sauce and thoroughly enjoyed the wall of heat.  He went for the ghost chile sauce and loved it.  I enjoyed being able to try a bunch of different sauces. ;-) The hubs got the Bangin' Chicken Burrito.  He was pleasantly surprised with the crispy chicken and the combo of flavors. I got the salad with chicken and beans. The toppings on the salad were definitely on the skimpy side, but it was tasty, and the southwest citrus vinaigrette was phenomenal!   I'm wishing we had a Tijuana Flats at home!!
We were a little tired of seafood after some funky tasting shrimp (and I rarely get tired of seafood). I had found Tijuana Flats when searching for pet friendly restaurants. They have outdoor picnic tables in a gated patio. They have a note on the door saying that Well Behaved Dogs Are Welcome and a couple of water bowls available next to the hose pipe. We ordered the beefy queso. I ordered the choose two plate with a beef burrito w/ verde sauce and a blackened chicken quesadilla. Hubby ordered a beef and bean burrito with the queso. I really enjoyed the beefy queso and my burrito. Really loved the salty, seasoned chips. I didn't care as much for the quesadilla. Mine also came with rice and black beans which were decent. Hubby was disappointed in his burrito-he would have rather had salsa on it and just didn't care for it overall. This chain is not authentic Mexican food by any means but it hit the spot.  Rinky dink little place with friendly staff, pet friendly seating, reasonably priced eats, and a change of pace from the tourist spots.
We ate here tonight at the suggestion of my SIL. It's a fun place, with nice ambience, great staff, and pretty decent food at a great price. My daughter and I both got flautas. They were tasty and fresh. My husband said he enjoyed his quesadilla. We all really loved the queso. My daughter got a cookie dough dessert that she loved. The prices are great. It's an inexpensive place with tasty food. In case anyone is wondering what they serve, they have certain fillings and you can choose if you would like them in a burrito, a bowl, flauta, chimichanga, nachos, quesadilla, salad, taco or enchilada. They have several selections under 500 calories. They also have appetizers. You can choose from several toppings on your food, and they have a hot sauce bar. It's not salsa, but rather hot sauce at the bar. They also serve beer and sodas. You order your food at a counter and they bring it out.  I also have to add that it tastes nothing like Taco Bell.
I hate to give poor reviews but I have to admit I was very disappointed here. Advertises it's food as Texmex. I was born and raised in Texas and this is not Texmex. The most confusing menu in history that has to be explained how to order to every patron. As a result the wait is unreasonable not because people are waiting to get in but because nobody can understand the menu and it must be explained to every person. Even our waiter expressed his own frustration with the need to have to explain it to everyone. The food was not a redeeming factor either. Chips weren't fresh and had some untastey seasoning of sorts on them. Enchilada was the worst i ever tried to eat. Only enjoyable part of this experience was trying the different sauces at the hot sauce bar. Wife was as equally disappointed as I with the food and menu. Sorry guys but I gotta give you one star.
Cmon...... just poor quality. .microwave burrito quality.   Good beer selection. That's it.
I got a burrito, and my boyfriend got a chimichanga. Burrito's are pretty run of the mill, and this one was pretty great. However, the reason for the five stars is because the service was unbelievable. EVERY single employee was so nice, friendly, seemed genuinely happy to help. I think this is the best service I've had at any restaurant, ever. I really can't compliment them enough. Secondly, the sauce bar is crazy awesome. There are so many, and yet again, the employees were so kind in helping me make a first time choice and making suggestions. Lastly, their dips are refillable and they'll even package up a refill for you to take to-go, and of course do so, very happily. I can't rate this place well enough, the service was impeccable.
Great service.  Fully customize your burritos with what you want.  Different size meals.  A sophisticated nutrition counter for those watches calories.  Dog friendly. Nice outdoor tables with umbrellas.
My family and I love to frequent Tijuana Flats! The staff is great and the food is always excellent. It's very affordable for our family of 5! I love that the staff is always coming by the table to see if we need more drinks or a refill on our beefy queso!
Great customer service. Authentic tex mex food.  Unlimited chips with queso, guac, and salsa. Unlimited sauces to try. Burrito and chimichanga we're great too.  Why can't you have multiple locations!! Ohh well see you soon!
Awesome place for some endless beefy queso! All their tacos and burritos are pretty fabulous as well. They also have an outside seating section where you can bring your friendly puppies.
This is a great place with an even better atmosphere.  Beer, tacos, outdoor seating and dog friendly? What more could you want? The hot sauce bar is unique. I tried them all. This place is definitely worth a look.
Amazing as usual! Everyone is always happy and upbeat! I just love coming here! The food is tremendous! You get a lot of food for your money! And the place is always clean! I love how the workers interact with the customers and just make everything comfortable! Also order the cookie dough thing they have. It is absolutely DELICIOUS!!!!
This was one fantastic meal. Had the nor-ritto with chicken.  Also the unlimited chips and queso.  The combination was a total delight.  The service is better than I have seen in restaurants.  Someone is always checking to see if you need anything.  The chips and cheese are bottomless, and includes a bag to go if you wish.  Flip the lid on your drink up on one side and it becomes a flag you want a refill. Great place for a great time. If you sit outside you can bring your dog and let them relax with you.
I seriously eat here 4 to 8 times a month - whether it's lunch or dinner.  They are consistently delicious!  The best guacamole in town, hands down.  I love that they have healthy alternatives and the staff is ALWAYS pleasant.  They are dog friendly, too!  Two for one beers is a hit with my husband and the children get very excited to eat their food to get their tattoos.  I just really enjoy this restaurant!  I came here for my birthday lunch with the office and they loved it so much that management ordered our "First Friday' event to be catered by them!  YAY TIJUANA FLATS!!!!
So here I am sitting at Buffalo Wild Wings two minutes away and only 10 min after my horrible excuse for food. Service-Great! Very friendly staff! However the food was not too great. A little dry...bland. It tasted a lot like Taco Bell (TB). If I wanted TB I would go a few blocks down not pay more for the same food. It's pretty cheap for the quantity given less than $10 per person. However quality is not so great as well as the taste. I would not recommend this place to anyone unless they want a twist to the taste of TB's food. You could hit up a local TB and say you ate here the food description would pass as the same. If not BETTER. 2 stars only for the staff-price-and quantity. P.S. a very nasty aftertaste which hopefully is modified by BDubs.
Love this place.  Fresh food with very friendly service.  The atmosphere is very cool there.
Loved this place!! Awesome blackened chicken soft burrito and black beans on rice. Beef taco salad was awesome as well!!
Went to TJ's today for the second time on our vacation thus far. What can I say? Excellent food, friendly and awesome service, plus one of the best appetizer deals I have ever seen. The trio appetizer that is refillable is an amazing deal! I can't say enough great things about this venue. You need to try it immediately!!! Wish we had one back in the Atlanta area.
Had such a fun time! Service was great and smiling. And the food was amazing and a really good deal! A MUST visit! Holy yum!
Yeah, this review isn't gonna stop you, but might as well give you a heads up. The short: This isn't Mexican food. This is flavorless, boring food made by white kids. The long: Don't get me wrong, it wasn't bad. I didn't want to throw up or anything. It wasn't the worst Mexican food that I've ever had. I ate it all. But the food really didn't taste like anything. Like I was eating air or something.  I forgot about it the second I finished it. And honestly, that's the worst offense to Mexican food ever. Let me tell you, I'm from California (they're pretty much Mexico Jr.) I have had mexican food from people flown in from Mexico daily to make my Mexican food. Tijiuana is not greasy, not full of flavor, neither is it made by actual Mexican people or people who know how to make Mexican food. It wont fill your desire and craving for Mexican food. But will make you not starve. Eat it if your friends go, just let it slide. But don't travel from far in order to get some tacos.
I love this place so much. It is basically our favorite place in the area for cheap eats and great beer. The staff is so attentive. The food is crazy fresh and made to order and full of flavor. Our faves are the tacos and the chimis. There is a huge bar of hot sauces to taste and have fun with. Don't miss it!!!
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  I love the Chimichangas and the hot bar.  Whatever your taste, you should be able to find a hot sauce you like.  I like to have about 3 or 4 different sauces at a time and each bite gets a different sauce.  Talk about variety!  You can have a variety of tastes in one meal!
Blackened chicken tacos....hard shell= heaven in ma mouth! Excellent place to grab a quick meal or lunch. They have a decent beer selection too!
I came to Ft Walton Beach for my Spring Break. My cousins took me here. It was magical. Let me start by saying: BEST CHIPS EVER. Get the trio dip, complete with guac, queso, and salsa. The chips are made in house, FRESH. Seriously I'm from California and I have never had tortilla chips this delicious. The queso is perfection. They are so organic, it's insane. You can make any meal power lite (I think that's what it's called) with low fat sour cream or a wheat tortilla instead of flour. All their ingredients are the best, and they pride themselves in this with their little blab about the food and why it rocks on each table. Cool environment too. I thought behind the counter was  abar at first with a bunch of bottles, turns out they were SALSAS. haha. Aka AWESOME. The fried cookie dough is AMAZING. I can't believe this exists. It's probably terrible for a diet, but whatever. Fried cookie dough. Think about it. The staff is totally chill too. Very helpful, not over bearing, and they refill your drinks asap even though they aren't actually waiters. Gotta love that. I wish this place was in NYC. It was SO GOOD. I'll be back (if I ever go back).
We go here pretty much on the regular since my husband is a huge queso/cheese fan and they offer it free refills. Their burritos are okay, I definitely prefer a few other places in the area over this one. I do enjoy their hot bar and their guac! Not the best. not they worst but pretty unique.
This place was not what I expected... AT ALL. Cut the price in half and change the name to Taco Bell and I wouldnt have been able to tell the difference. I ordered a CARNE ASADA burrito... I got ground beef. I asked for an Horchata and the guy looked at me like I was insane. He said "an Hor-what??"... and to make it even better, he proceeds to tell me "I dont even think we have any mexicans working here." WTF?? No mexicans working at a mexican food restaurant? You'd think with Tijuana in their name that it'd be some decent mexican food... NO. You pay $6 for a burrito you couldve got for $2 at taco bell down the street. FAIL. And i'm sorry Lara, but your 5 star rating only mentioned the chips, salsa, and some cookie dough... Thats enough to give a mexican restaurant 5 stars?? Maybe I should open my own place and get rich quick!
Guac dip is five stars!  We have eaten there several times and the staff is great, I think their tacos were damn good too, burritos were pretty good; two outta three aint bad! Last bit, the beer selection and hot sauce selection were superb.
Beef/Carne burrito was really good with so much variety of sauce to choose from...we ordered some for take-out and they even gave us extra tortilla chips & queso to take home...very friendly staff and awesome customer service!
I wasn in Ft. Walton today running some errands and decided to have lunch. I remembered the comment someone made about the tatoos the people had that worked there so it made me want to try it out even more. (By the way, I'm not sure why their tatoos were so offensive to him, but whatever). The people that work there do have tatoos and they are actually really nice and were really hard workers and all of them liked their job. Anyway, It happened to be Taco Tuesday and I got a blackend chicken crispy taco and a regular be taco with the normal kind of taco meat.  Fist of all I have never seen a crispy taco shell that long, but it was really good. Finally some place that uses chedder cheese in their Mexican food. LOL. Being from Texas, it freaks me out everytime we try a Mexican place and they have white cheese inside the enchiladas. ( which I was told is either monterry jack or mozzarella (YUCK!).   Anyway, the tacos were great and so was the atmosphere and the people that work there. I will definitely go back. It reminded me a lot of restraunts back in Austin, Texas. Great value, super-clean, and good food.
The best thing about Tijuana flats is the amazing sauce bar; after their delicious food and awesome staff
I tried this place after reading the great reviews here.  It's a pretty good place.  Nothing fancy, except for the hot sauce bar.  My boyfriend got the mega burrito and was not impressed.  I got the chimichanga and i liked it as it was nice and crispy.  It is a little pricey for quick americanized mexican food, but I do give them props for using organic materials.   Just a note, tortilla chips came with my meal, but salsa did not.  I had to shell out another buck for a little cup of salsa.  It's not worth it, just dip the chips in the hot sauces instead.
Tijuana Flats is a unique place and a favorite of locals, for the amount of food you get, the prices are unbeatable and the staff is a cool and eclectic crew. When I worked in this area I would eat here frequently for lunch.  They run different lunch specials, but this was a Tuesday regular since you could get two huge tacos with chips and toppings for $4.99.   If that weren't enough, they also have some great microbrew beers, mostly from the south (Abita, Sweetwater) but with some northern beers (I definitely recommend the Magic Hat "9" or "Wacko").   The food is a solid two-three stars (nothing special, but consistent), but the atmosphere, staff (which always seems to be having a good time), beer selection and wild selection of unusual and delicious hot sauces at crazy low prices make this place a four-star dive in my book.
Although the service was pleasant and expeditious, the food when came to flavor was ironically "flat". The quality of the food was decent, the lettuce an tomatoes still crisp, ect... The food just overall lakes flavor. The main course meal was bland on all four of our meals. The most flavorful item was a toss up between the chips & salsa or the house rice & black beans. I tried the so called salsa bar, and was thoroughly disappointed. Perhaps I'm too picky coming from a densely populated Hispanic part of the country, but this "Mexican" food lacks any authentic flavor and was actually comparable to Taco Bell. Prompt and friendly service though!
In Fort Walton/Destin, the land of neon chain restaurant signs and overpriced eateries, Tijuana Flats is like a shining beacon of virtue. Sure, Tijuana Flats is itself a chain, but this location doesn't feel like it was stamped out by the typical cookie cutter. Is it the best burrito or best Mexican food I've ever had? No. But it is solid food for a decent price, served to you by a very friendly & colorful staff (Seriously.... they're colorful. Many of them are covered in tattoos in every shade of the rainbow, which just adds to the eclectic vibe of the place. I kept imagining how the recruiting/interview process works for this place... does the job posting list "must have ink" as a requirement?). I recommend the queso and chips and going out on a limb with their salsa bar - I ended up liking the ones I thought I wouldn't like the most, so don't knock the ones with odd-sounding ingredients until you try.
Yum Yum Yum. Everything is organic and natural, with no gimmicks (they specifically eschew and insult colored tortillas, and lard in refried beans).  Everything Lara L said is right on the money (great appetizers, entrees, desserts, attentive service).  I've only been once, but I will go back every day (of the week I'm here) to try more dishes :)
1 star for not taking my credit card to buy an $0.80 side of rice. The (vegan) chimichanga is bland without it, and when I later went to get rice to add to it, the won't take my credit card for the secondary purchase since it was under $1. I never carry cash. They knew I was a first time customer and yet they could not figure out a way to provide excellent service. Lame-o, squared. But hey, if you like boring food, bad service and an extensive hot sauce bar, eat here...and to be safe, bring your cash.
Okay so probably not the best Mexican food you will ever have. But it is not bad I have had worse and they do have a full offering of items for people. One of my favorites is the fish tacos. Nice lime flavor used on it. I will tell you where this place exceeds expectations. For an inexpensive meal you will not get better service in this area at this price. This staff is on it and tries hard to make it a good experience for you. And if you are an animal lover like we are this is the place to go. I think every employee will give your dog attention and our little girl eats it up.
If you like spice you'll love this place.  The food is fresh and tasty and the hot sauce bar has everything from mild with flavor to burn your mouth off goodness. I've tried several combinations all good. With the stacks of beer cases around I don't really consider it a family place but a great place to with friends.
Excellent Spot The walls seem to be covered with autographed head shots of 80's stars so it's fun to just look around the place.   How big a star do you need to be to be hung in the mens room? Ordering was a little slow because of the new menu (at least that is what I was told) and we were guided away from the table that had a ceiling leak above it, so all was good.   Food was at the table before you can blink.   Nice selection of beers including 2 for 1 specials, endless chips, 2 dozen sauces and amazing flavor in the burritos are what you can expect.
I gotta say, I really like this place. It's fresh, healthier Mexican food. They have 3 different size burritos, which is awesome cause I can never finish a regular size burrito and I am too old for the children's menu. A huge draw to this place is their customer service. Everyone that works there is always so nice and seem happy to be there. Hopefully, they are a good company to work for and that's why they are happy. This place makes it hard for me to want to try the other Mexican joints.
Nom nom nom! I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious. The beer selection has something for everyone, the hot sauce bar is fun...and dangerous.  They're very polite, fast and helpful.  Gotta love it.
I had heard great things about this place, so I gave it a whirl. Overall, I think its too expensive for what you get. BUT, its a place you should try at least once to see if its for you. They have a *great* beer selection, although I couldn't endulge. The "hot sauce bar" was very neat and I enjoyed trying numerous selections. The staff was great. But I just couldn't get over spending nearly $10 for a burrito and a coke that tasted the same as anywhere else (and at lunch time). Except, anywhere else, I would have gotten free chips and salsa. Like I said, try it, but in my opinion, there are better out there.
I loved eating here until one night the server places my plate of food on my table and something crawls off of it.  That's all I will say, you can guess what it was.  The manager gave me a refund and told me that it did not come from her kitchen.  Well it came from her restaurant.  You get served other places and have things crawl off your plate!!!!  We will not be going there ever again.
I'm there once a week & miss taco Tuesday only by exception. Great tacos + even better service make me a faithful lover.
Exceptional service. Really great food and drink. A must try. Love the flautas.
Fun, yummy local place. Colorful crazy atmosphere. Patio is pet-friendly. Reasonably priced, good quality Mexican food.
Tijuana Flats is pretty much the best/addictive food in Ft. Walton Beach.  I keep telling people about it and I am always surprised that a lot of people don't know about it.  So let me tell you why this is my favorite place to eat: - Megajuana Burritos are so tasty.  Try it wet! - Many different kinds of hot sauces to try (from mild to tear-jerker) - Military discounts on certain days - I always order a side of chips and queso.  I promise you will get addicted to it. - Nice selection of Mexican beers. - Very interesting atmosphere.  There is nothing like it. - Some evenings you can bring your dog.  I don't have one, but if I did, I'd bring it along. - You can order anything as healthy or as fattening as you'd like. - Did I mention that the chips and queso is making me salivate right now? Try it out.
A big hot sauce bar, good food and plenty of it.  I've gone for lunch before, and the crowd in there is crazy, but the staff is pretty damn quick for as busy as it gets.
I started off giving it 3 stars for speedy service and friendliness of staff, but when my burrito came, I wasn't too impressed. Not what Im used to coming from ca and the size and taste of true Mexican food. I ordered a regular chicken burrito which was a little bigger than a soft taco (guess I shouldve ordered a bigger size). The burrito barely had any chicken in it. It was mostly the lettuce, cheese, and other sides in a burrito. My friend had a carne asada burrito and it was ground beef, NOT true carne asada. Like the other review said, like a taco bell beef burrito. Another person in our party had a chicken burrito and his was the same as mine, - the chicken. The one good thing is they use organic ingredients but when I go to a Mexican joint, I think greasy, big, and tasty! This place was too much like a deli/wraps place.
I have to say, the big burrito with steak and the chipotle sause on top was amazing! Expensive, but amazing. The atmosphere here is good enough to overlook any minor issues people have with their food.
Two Stars because the service is good, the atmosphere is nice and the beer selection is above average. The food however, way to expensive and not that great! Don't expect any meat!!!! Great place if you like sour cream and lettuce!!! I will go back again, but only as a beer drinker!!
Service always awesome food always right have been eating here since they opened and I have never had a problem . Hell, I do not even check my to go bag anymore that's how much faith I have in them
If this is the best the area has to offer I'm in trouble. Drove across country and landed in FWB ready to try area dives and see what they have to offer. Okay the food is fresh, the chips are the best I've ever tasted but they should change their name if they want better reviews. There ain't nothing Tijuana about this place. If you've ever been to Tijuana, you'd think this place's food would be hole in the wall dive bar good aka Stank. Not so much. Adjectives for TF are fresh, organic, lean and clean. See where I'm going with this, they should call themselves American Taco Bar or something. Food is al-ight. The devils in the details.
I love everything about this place!  I've now been here many times, and the food is amazing ever time.  The service is extremely friendly, and quick to help whatever the dining desire.  I've tried several different menu items, and all are fresh and delicious.  The hot sauce bar in the back is awesome.    Take your pick of as many as you want, and go back for seconds or thirds if need-be.
We showed up with 8 kids and 6 adults, they didn't bat an eye, we sat outside.  We received very friendly service.  We quickly received our chips with pico, guac, and queso. Great specials on cold Corona's.  Our food was amazing.  The only reason that I didn't give this restaurant 5 stars is one of the couples with us meals arrived quite a bit later than the rest. We would go back.
I've been craving Mexican food since I moved to FWB and Tijuana Flats didn't disappoint. The chicken chimichanga was delicious and the sweet tea was perfectly sweetened. The staff was extremely attentive and friendly. I LOVED the hot sauce bar. So why the 3 star review? The prices seem a little high for the quantity of food. Also, I would expect a free bottomless basket of chips and salsa for the price. I will be back though, the food is that good. Next time I'll have to delve into their huge assortment of beers.
The carnitas chimichangas were tasty and the sauce bar was cool.  They have lots of cool artwork all over the place.  Good place to check out if you're visiting and are in the mood for some Mexican food.
One of my favorite "cheap eats" of the area. The food is about average to above average and usually served hot and fresh. The service ranges from average (for the area) to sometimes awesome. Hot sauce bar is awesome and Dos Equis Amber on tap=YUM! My 3 kids, wife and I eat there for about $35 including tip! No where else can you find such good cheap eats and the staff welcomes you like old friends, too?
Mexican food is pretty good. Hot sauce bar is big and hot!! Rolled taco and burritos are all good. Service and staff take my rating from a three to four stars. Dog friendly on the patio.  Must visit while in FWB. We will be back.
I thought the food was great for the price and it was a pretty cool place. It was a very informal place. Be sure to avoid the margaretas but awesome beer selection.
TF is pretty chill in my book. Their menu allows for you to mix-and-match to your liking and has a great vegetarian option. Their hot sauce bar is the best part of the place and allows you to have a bit of everything from whimpy to omg!thisislavahot choices. The staff has always been friendly & helpful. One day I had gone there after getting a new tatt and the staff came to my table to check it out and compared tatts and talked about artists recommendations while waiting for my meal. I've never had a bad serving experience there. They also have military discounts a couple nights a week so we're there a lot.
Mediocre Tex-mex food. Food was fresh, the taste was decent, good selection of hot sauces at least.
We decided to eat here based on the reviews on Yelp. I was very impressed. The food was very fresh, the hot sauce bar was fun, and the whole atmosphere was upbeat and entertaining. The staff was very nice and attentive even thought they were busy.
Loved! Awesome food. Had chips, salsa, queso, and guacamole that were pretty yummy.  I love the flautas with the whole wheat option. Hubby had a great burrito and loved the hot bar.  I also loved the beer choices.  And finally, I can honestly say that this is the best customer service I've had in this town so far.  I will be back!
I don't understand all the great reviews.  Very average food/atmosphere.
food is great. service is ok depending on if it is crowded or not. beer boxes line the walls and a hot salsa bar is in the back of the room for those who like heat that hurts. they only give military discount on wednesday :( . decent priced but more than Moe's
well im from the mexican border and have been missing good food, good mexican food! there is nothing around these parts well to be fair there is nothing out side of my home town (deming nm) that is good!! well with my broken heart i decided to give one more place a chance and im glad i did me and my boyfriend went and we got refried bean nacho as an app they were good with all the fixings then my boyfriend had fish tacos came with a side of chips  he said  they were good but not great  i had a chicken taco with a red cheese enchailda that came with a side of beans and rice not bad they had a hot sauce bar oh my gawd amazing i got all the extra hot ones my boyfriend got all the middle and hot ones we had a tasting fest and then come to find out i can buy all these hot sauces online well i poured all my favorite ones all over my food witch made it soooo much better  and was the happist person on the planet i will be telling my family and friends to buy all the hot sauces online !!!!!!!!!!!!!  the staff was friendly and happy to be working witch made the atmosphere great and happy it looks more like a high school dorm than a good mexican resterant but dont let that turn u away :)
