This place was really really good. I have to thank Chris W. for recommending it to me, not sure we would have thought to go here as it does look a bit "touristy" with it's whole "World Famous AJ's" sign and all. But it was really really good. The prices were a bit higher than what you would pay for seafood in ohhhh....Atlanta, but come on people - this stuff is fresh from the water good. And the portions are plentiful. My sister and I split one of their fried shrimp plates at $21. It had 12 shrimp that were so large it was more like 24 shrimp. The shrimp had the lightest, fluffiest batter that didn't feel greasy or overcooked. The plate also included french fries with more than enough for two people, cole slaw and the best hush puppies I've ever had in my entire life. They are a bit sweet and have corn in them, and are perfectly cooked. Most places burn the hush puppies. These were so good that we asked for an extra side order of them and we got six for an extra $2.50. If you're cheap, you could make a meal out of these, I swear! My mom had the firecracker shrimp and it was great - sweet with a bit of a spicy kick. She didn't want much to eat so she ordered off of the appetizer menu and the portion was ridiculously large on that as well. The atmosphere of the restaurant is really great. You have your waterfront dining portion with a bar outside, and then on the inside we sat near the large bar and I witnessed two of the most entertaining bartenders do their thing. It was like the movie "Cocktails" but without the cheese. Wait....is that possible? I'll just say, they were funny, skilled, and knew how to keep the customers sitting at the bar. They earned every tip they got. I will definitely revisit this place to try other dishes, everything the waitresses were bringing out to the tables looked like a must try.
Reviewed 10/30/10.IF YOU READ NOTHING ELSE, CHECK OUT THE HEALTH REPORT AT THE END OF THE REVIEW! First, I'm local, not a tourist, but wanted to try this place in the off season. Call me nuts, but I have a few simple expectations after working in the F/B Industry for 20 years, such as....greet my table within five minutes, be friendly, tell the specials, etc.. This didn't happen, even on a sleepy Saturday off-season with nobody 'in the weeds' or any excuse for not being courteous. Our server Laura W. was snippy, unfriendly and had an overall bad attitude. On a beautiful day, with the fishing rodeo in the background, this woman's poor service and hostile attitude was enough to ruin our meal. We couldn't get out of there fast enough. Won't be back, nor sending anyone there anytime soon.  Laura W, shame on you, your service mirrored the crapy and overpriced food. The good news, this woman single handedly knocked Los Rancheros out of #1 seed for worst restaurant......If you want the 'water' view, there are much better places. The food @ AJ's was sub-par, shamefully bad for located at the hub of FRESH fish.  Everyone ordered seafood and I honestly have found better fare at the Golden Corral. Oh, I forgot to mention that AJ's was fined $500 due to the horrific findings from numerous health inspections.  I didn't do my due diligence and research this before jamming a nasty, fish sandwich in my gullet! AJ's has a long history of CRITICAL violations, that when dealing with seafood, can kill ya.   You can't say you weren't warned... If you enjoy vomiting, peruse the health report below: data.ocala.com/restauran…
First of all, the location was very scenic however, the parking was hard to navigate. The food was not bad, but the price was not very friendly to my wallet. All seafood was hot,but it took a while to be served. The atmosphere was fun, friendly. I will be back again.
This place is a staple for my fam when we take our Annual Destin Florida trip....and I must say, the multi-leveled patio with multiple bar tops and live music set up is pretty damn bad ass, but that's about where my enthusiasm ends. The patio overlooks the bay. You can sit while sipping on your fruity drink, listen to live music and watch all the boats come in. During the day you can watch the charters come in and hang up their catch....while hundeds of seagulls and pelicans mosey around hoping to get a piece of fish. This is what I love about AJs....and they make a damn good pina colada! BUT....I suggest you go there for a drink or two, relax, listen to music...then continue on your journey down the dock...the food I've had there had been less than par, and majorly overpriced. I mean, you can't hold it against them, it's a typical tourist hot spot, equipt with gift shop and souvenir glasses to take home....so use it for just that. Get your glass, your shirt, some good boat watching and a couple of cocktails, then go out for a good meal :) You're welcome.
We had a nice time dancing at AJs last night! Only thing that bugged me is there was no designated area for smokers, just seemed a little too foggy and risky with people's cigarettes too close to my body. We managed to find an area of non smokers near the dance floor and that saved the night. Good times, fun party, great music!
A touristy Joe's Crab Shack. Overpriced, under-flavored. Stay away.
Never went to the restaurant but the bar was fantastic. Great people, everyone having fun and Pam the bartender was outstanding :-) I will return!
This place is a highly overrated, over-hyped tourist trap. The hostess took several minutes to acknowledge us when there was no one else waiting (and several more minutes to seat us). Our waiter (Scott?) was very friendly and brought us our food quickly, but the hostess never brought us silverware and our waiter dumped our food on our table and ran and it took us 15 minutes after our food arrived to get his attention. It was a little busy, but come on. We had a calamari which had good flavor but was a bit rubbery, a crabcake with nice, large chunks of crab but doused in crappy sauce and the rest was completely unmemorable. We had plans to go check out the bar upstairs, but the electricity went out at the place (just for a split second) and we were not up for that.
AJ's is a crazy place.  I've never been for the food, but it's one of the few nightlife spots in the Destin area so we almost always visit when we're in town.   The good: The place gets really busy over holiday weekends with serious partiers, and if you want to go out and get ripped, AJ's is a fun place to do it.  There's always a live band and the music is great for dancing and embarrassing yourself and your friends.  The views of the harbor are also fantastic. The bad: I've paid a cover every time I've visited AJ's.  I hate covers.  What makes it worse is that they don't charge people with Florida licenses a cover, only out-of-staters.  I understand there's live music so a cover is semi-acceptable, but $15?  C'mon.  Also, the bartenders start to suck at the end of the evening.  During my last visit to AJ's everyone at my table had incredibly weak drinks that had to be sent back for more booze.  We all may have been drunk, but we were sober enough to know our drinks were 99% mix and 1% booze.  Not cool. Overall I'd send anyone looking for a good time over to AJ's.  Partly because there's not much else to chose from, and partly because it's always a good time.  Cheers!
There's a three-per-person limit on the Bimini Bash, a five-rum blend of sweet-tasting poison served by the collectible glass at this Panhandle tourist trap.   I don't know about you, but when I hear "three-per-person limit," I think that is a blatant lie and I must have four or even five since no one, NO ONE, has Claire-level tolerance. I drank two.  I don't remember half the night.  Yes, Bimini Bash, you showed me... What did not show me, hence the three stars, was the gumbo and clam chowder we ordered at the bar.  I am hoping they ran out earlier and thus had to go buy some spare cans from the 99-cent store, but I don't think that was the case.  But who cares about the food -- go for the Bimimi Bash and be a cheap (and potentially unconscious) date.
I'm writing this review from a visit during my trip to Destin a few months ago. I guess Destin isn't much of a foodie town, but this place was pretty darn bad. We were with a group and although our waiter was a nice guy, he got several parts of our order wrong. My pasta dish was waaay too salty. I haven't ever been served something so salty. Will not return.
Pretty expensive for what you get, but the food was good. Nothing too exciting or original. I had ordered one of their specialty drinks and it tasted like ice. It was not good at all, but when I told the waiter he was very nice about getting me something I liked. The second drink was better but still over-rated. The club part of the restaurant was fun, very chill and on the water. We didn't stay too long because we wanted to dance and the crowd wasn't really our age. This place is definitely good for groups and a more relaxing evening.
Well, another overpriced seafood joint. I did like the atmosphere and the service was good but I ordered the crab stuffed lobster tail and got a tiny split tail with two small crab cakes on the tails. The crab cakes had a little spice and were very tasty but the lobster was tiny and the dish was 44.99!!!!! Holy crap. I thought the waitress said 34.99 and even still, it was worth about 24.99. All in all, the food is good, not great and overpriced.
This is where you go if you want to truly feel like you're on vacation (or staycation, if you live there). Great place to sit outside with the pretty harbor view, get some fried crab claws (trust me! get them!) and rounds of beers. Such a casual, relaxing atmosphere, and great service. At night it turns into a dance club with live music. Even more fun to be had... we ended up going twice in one day. Plus, they were cool about my overserved friend getting on stage and dancing (and being taken home shortly thereafter). LOL @ the cup holders in the restroom stalls..... that's a great amenity right there.
I'm active duty Air Force and have lived in the Fort Walton Beach area for almost four years. I've been regularly visiting this bar throughout my time here and I've had no problems with their service until tonight. We arrived at the bar, bought our first drinks, and then my girlfriend was asked to leave the property with no explanation. I asked to speak with a manager and the bouncer threatened to call the police if she did not leave. I'm extremely disappointed with the way they treated their regular customers, which is why I'm advising others not to visit this establishment. That's the last time I'll ever go to AJ's.
My family and I have eaten here 2x in the past year and both times were mediocre at best. The fried pickles were soggy, laden with grease & so salty we sent them back. The gumbo was goo but nothing special, needed more ingredients in my opinion. The kids steak and shrimp very good. The food is good but not spectacular and definitely not worth the high price they charge. $3 for a milk for your child is outlandish. My husband ordered a $24 fried oyster platter that looked as if it were a 1/2 order. The waiter was an older make who did well, he never asked if we needed refills nor did he bring my husband a water with his beer order. He was good other than that. It's a very high priced place that doesn't equal the cost with the food portions or taste.
Oyster happy hour is worth it.  Forget about the rest. I recommend making a meal out of the dezen oysters by ordering side dishes.  The gumbo was good.  Don't waste your money on the other menu items.  It was over priced.
Given that this it's a more touristy "French fries all over the menu" place, it was pretty good. The food was good enough to make the experience nice. We Had the blue cheese burger & fish tacos. Wait staff was nice& attentive. The place is open air w plenty of fans. Great view of the Marina & all the activity there. But, it was a little bar-grungy, and definitely bar-smelly. The were at least 3 huge trash cans sitting w lids open from the entrance to my table. Not a good smell!
AJ's, came here for the crawfish, but that is served on Sundays, so we missed out.   On the plus side, a dozen oysters for only $8.99.  Wow, heaven in a shell, spicy passion dipped in cocktail sauce, the courage of a man on a trip on a white sandy beach.. .  Ooops.. sorry.. back to my review. :) This week has been very cold and foggy and tonight was no exception.  The lady I was with, only had a t-shirt on so we went to the gift store to see if we can find something to help.  Very expensive, and no discounts, we did find a long sleeve shirt that worked just nice--I got a free post card out of the $60 deal.   Note:  from my 110 camera, I can take a better picture.   The band was great, the oysters were wonderful, company sweet, and finally the cost was worth it all.   Oh.. ummmm there was this lady, that thought she created a new dance called the fish dance.   DON'T ever do a fish dance in public; if this makes Youtube, I know nothing... Nothing ok.. :)
Live music and fun: checked! A great view of the ocean/marina: Checked Ample parking: checked.... Drinks... stay the fuck away from anything that is not straight liquor and ice or bottled beer. These could possibly be the worst bartenders EVER, EVER~! I am not throwing shit around at their personals, just their drink making skills. You name it, they effed it. Terrible tasting Rum runners (yes, the did fuck em up). Gawd-awful Purple hooters (Think Dimetap). Nasty ass Kamikazee (Tasted like lime gatorade). Stuff just did not go together.  I felt poisoned. Switched to Vodka and ice. got slushed real past,  Bext Friend chad hurled all over the toilet upon returning home...not so much the alcohol as the sugar overload from all the nasty mixer crap
My fellow travelers and I heard from the locals that AJ's was THE PLACE to go at night in Destin.  While none of my senses were particularly offended, nothing about AJ's, including the views of the water, is worth the prices charged.  The crowd was lively and energetic, and the band was pretty good, but I could get all of the above in Chicago for a fraction of the price.  AJ's bartenders also left much to be desired in terms of service.  And the pizza cart outside the bar serves up piping hot robbery, plain and simple.   There are some tourist traps that are simply requirements for all who pass through the town in question.  Once you've been there, you've joined a certain club for which there is no shame being a part of.  AJ's is not one such place.
I went with my parents and husband for a drink and a snack on a Friday afternoon in October.  We sat outside overlooking the harbor and thoroughly enjoyed the surroundings. At 4:00, a live band started and they were actually pretty good! It was great to be somewhere in the sunshine enjoying live music with a drink in my hand. We ordered a sampler platter (calamari, hushpuppies, fried crab claws, and mozzarella cheese sticks). My husband ordered buffalo shrimp. I thought the calamari and cheese sticks were fairly tasty, but the hushpuppies were raw on the inside and the fried clab claws were really pointless as there was next to no meat on each claw (and they didn't have a lot of flavor). The buffalo shrimp were decent. I'm not sure that this is somewhere I'd eat again (or would recommend for someone to eat at), but its definitely a place I'd spend a happy hour in the off-season ONLY.  I don't eat oysters and since this is, after all, an oyster bar, maybe this is where I'm missing out? There are so many fantastic places to eat in Destin - don't eat a main meal here.  Go for a drink and move on.
Here we are again going to a seafood restaurant and only one person ordered seafood. It was shrimp, and not bad. we also tried the quesadillas and a burger. The portions just left us wanting more, and my burger would have been so much better if it were on a bun and not chiabatta bread.  Also the Cole slaw was definitely spoilled, so be careful. What this place has going for it is the amazing view and in my opinion great service. I can't say if I will be back because the food wasn't anything special and there are many restaurants that offer a view.
I'm giving the place one star, not because of the food or service, but for another reason... I'm an avid cigar smoker, and I like a nice cigar to smooth over a good meal, so when I went upstairs to the patio/balcony area, I was met with something that really pissed me off. Attention fellow cigar smokers, if you're looking to enjoy a nice stogie after a meal at AJ's, the bartender will personally approach you, and despite all the other people smoking disgusting cigarettes, tell you to leave and that he will "not allow to smoke that shit here." So there... Do go to AJ's if you are for people smoking gross cigarettes and against the high class and elegance of a good cigar. Don't go there if you're a fellow BOTL. Feel me?
I generally avoid tourist traps, but my wife had family in town and they wanted to eat at AJ's.  We made the trek to Destin and I can honestly say It wasn't as bad as I expected. It was a Thursday night, off season, so we were seated quickly.  Waitress was prompt with drinks and came back soon for the order. We started out with fried calamari and smoked tuna dip.  The calamari was good, but typical of gulf coast seafood joints; so nothing special here.  Smoked tuna dip was good, but it was served with saltine crackers as opposed to pita chips or wheat crackers.  It's not nearly as good as my favorite tuna dip from Cardenas' in PCB.  Appetizer prices were 7 - 10; pretty normal, or maybe even cheap for a place like this. Main course for me was the seafood muffaletta.  It came with fries and a hush puppy and was about $11.50.  It was one of the cheaper items on the dinner menu, but I am a big fan of muffalettas and the seafood variation sounded interesting.  It was a huge sandwich and I can honestly say I got my money's worth.  It was a good, but I probably wouldn't order it again as it didn't strike me as a combination that was meant to be.  It was good for this one time, and I was pleased after the meal. The wife's plate had lots of large scallops and was served with a baked potatoe and veggies.  It was a huge plate of food, and my wife was unable to finish.  I ate a few scallops she couldn't finish and they were very good.  That plate was just over $20. Follow up wait service was decent, and the checks were returned promptly at the end of the meal. Bottom line on AJ's: Its a tourist trap, but the food is decent and the portions are large.  You can expect to pay $20 a plate, but you won't leave hungry.  I can't really gauge it well against other local seafood resturants since I don't eat seafood very often when I come to Destin.   One last thing: AJ's calls itself an oyster bar, but by all means, DO NOT BUY OYSTERS HERE!  They charge $8 plus for a dozen raw!  That's almost New England prices!  Six dollars is a decent price, but you can find them as low as $4.50.
I'll give AJs two stars, only because anyone who goes there automatically knows what to expect: a bunch of drunk, horny Army guys, girls getting white girl wasted, drunk old dudes trying to hook up with said white girl wasted girls, and asshole staff. It's a meat market, run by total jerkoffs. One of the kind fellows who mans the door broke my sister's ID in HALF, because he was quite sure of himself in believing it was fake. Well, guess what asshole? It wasn't. Then, several days later, one of their maintenance men hit my sister's car in the parking lot of a gas station off the main drag, and did so while giving virtually zero fucks. He was clearly in a grumpy mood. Didn't even swerve to miss her. I'm from Florida. Places like AJs are a dime a dozen.. Same bad overly fried food. Same douchecanoes hitting up virtually identical watering holes, the whole state over. If you want to get shitty drunk, in a fistfight, and wake up next to someone you sincerely wish you hadn't,  head on over to AJs for an epic time.
Took family to AJs on recommendation from local boat captain.  Friendly place for family to eat.  Menu had something for everyone.  Had the AJs fish sandwich and the fish was nicely done.  Very disappointed in the frozen fries as that was a real negative.  Fresh cut fries are better and less expensive and wish more restaurants would discover this.  Service was average.
Lemme start out saying this: AMAZING CRAWFISH! My best friend works at AJs! Great place to have fun, dance, and listen to great music! Loved going to AJs when I was younger! Such a great place to bring kids- GREAT kids food!
I would have preferred a 11/2 star rating. My family of 5 adults visited AJ's for some fried shrimp and hush puppies. Initially the experience was fine. The waitress took our drink/app order promptly, but it was all down hill from there. After waiting an hour for our entrees to  get to the table, we found them Luke warm and a tad squishy. No refills on drinks and no visits to check up. After chatting with the manager "Keith," he responded by blaming the "computer system" and then asked what I wanted him to do about it. Ultimately, we got 15% off our tab and a bad taste in our mouths. This is one repeat tourist Destin family that will not return to AJ's.
If you don't eat much seafood you may like this place.  If you are from seafood area, do not expect to be blown away.  I eat on the harbor in Destin for one reason...the view!  AJ's is no different from any seafood restaurant I have tried in Destin, passable food, GREAT ambience, music, & views.   I had the broiled platter.  Food was just OK.  Be prepared to drop a $100 bill for family of four, though. I would advise getting there early enough on a Thursday to sit upstairs in bar area (families were up there, not lonely hearts club) and order before 6 for the full menu.  Then sit back and enjoy the gulf breeze, great views, & great live music!
Been coming to Destin area for 20 years by far the worse experience I've had at this restaurant. Ordered the "fish of the day" and it was just like ordering a hockey puck. The waitress did replace it with another one which wasn't much better. Was then removed from the check.  No sign of manager anywhere. The drinks were really weak and icy..  if you want to go eat near the docks. I suggest having the fish food they have in the bubble gum machines.
This is not my favorite place. Other people who have reviewed AJ's have mentioned the "meat market" aspect of the bar.  I share the opinion....and that's especially true of the "late night" crowd.   The truth of restaurant/bar operation is that owners can, and do control the kind of people who walk through the door and patronize the establishment.  When a bar is full of drunk morons looking for easy sex and an occasional "scrum" in the parking lot, its because the owner has created an atmoshpere that attracts low-class morons, and keeps them coming back.   AJ's sits on one of the best pieces of real estate in Okaloosa County, and the people who tend to flock to Destin for their vacation and entertainment tend to be people of means.  Most of the venues are very "family-friendly."  AJs is a little "seedier".  Bottom feeders tend to have their own personal seats at the bar.   You can't throw a fist full of table salt in that bar without spraying half a dozen drunk idiots looking to screw anyone who will accommodate them, and two or three pretty good looking women who are in there to get morons to buy them drinks. My thinking is that if you're married and your spouse goes there without you, your marriage is probably in more trouble than you know.  This is a fairly nice place to go in the mid-afternoon or early evening.  But the establishment and customers get more and more questionable as the night goes on. This is a place that I typically walk past.
YUMMY!  Cool place with awesome view of the harbor upstairs.  There is also a downstairs with a slightly different menu.  We ate here twice it was so good.  Good novelty frozen drinkies.  Great french fries & hush puppies, ROLLING ROCK ON TAP!!!  (pitcher o'beer only five dolla!)  The creamy crab soup was oh so good.  Oysters on the half shell only $7 during oyster HH!!!  Fried clams were yummy, and my new favorite fish, triggerfish, blackened, was soooo good!  We will most definitely be back next time we are in Destin, at least twice! **question: why does every restaurant in Destin play 80's music??**
I was a little aprehensive about trying AJ's because I thought it might be a tourist trap (like some of the restaurants farther down near the Emerald Grande/Harbor Walk).  I was surprised that it was a good mix of locals and tourist and we had a fun experience. October is "fish rodeo" in Destin and every weekend they weigh fish all day for a contest etc right outside AJ's on the dock.  It was pretty cool to see that and we almost didn't go inside b/c I thought it would be too packed to eat but it really wasn't and we got a good seat at the bar which still allowed us to somewhat watch the festivities. They had a great bunch of oysters in and before ordering they even gave us a sample.  I appreciated that because you never know about those.  We also ordered the smoked fish dip that we enjoyed even though the presentation was nothing special at all.  We ordered the shrimp scampi appetizer which I would skip...$10.99 for 6 small shrimp.  They were good and garlic sauce was yummy but too expensive.  We then ordered the fried crawfish tails that we really liked.  Great portion (we even shared with the person next to us).  Spicy sauce that they were served with was tasty. The female bartender waiting on us was just great.  She did an awesome job at dealing with the local regulars after they've had a day of drinking out on the ocean.  LOL.  Funniest thing that happened...a pretty drunk guy was getting a rum&coke next to us after doing a Jaeger Bomb and when a plate of oysters passed over his drink a plop of horseradish plopped in the cocktail.  We were laughing and told him we were sure they would give him another one but he mixed it up in the rum&coke and said nah, it's pretty good this way.
This place has a great location right on the ocean with great views.  I would suggest indulging in this establishment as more of a bar than a restaurant as the food usually isn't their strongest point.  This is definitely a volume tourist focused destination but lots of locals hang out here also.  The bar usually has anywhere from a decent crowd to just being packed.  They sometimes have drink specials but you've got to watch out for some tourist trap pricing.  The security people here seem way over the top and like to throw their weight around.  This is one of the better places for nightlife in the area with variable quality live music but be cautious with the food and the bouncers.
Food was over-priced and marginal--at best. Service was poor. Views were FABULOUS, especially at sunset! Great Views, esp of the fisherman cleaning fresh-caught tuna! "LIKE"
decent food...good service...
We thought this could be a tourist trap with junk food and terrible service.  Boy were we surprised.  We sat upstairs overlooking the harbor.  We watched boats haul in their catches for the fishing rodeo.   The atmosphere was great! We dropped in for lunch, 2 adults, 2 kids.  We ordered a basket of fries, fried crab claws, a dozen oysters and calamari.   The fries were VERY good!   My son loved the crab claws, we had to fight him for bites of them.  They were all meaty and flavorful.   The Oysters were just OK, but I understand that that all depends on the recent catch  (NOTE: we did't allow the kids to have any!).  The Calamari was also VERY good... big pieces of tentacles and think rings of the squid, fried with a nice thin batter.   We topped it off with ginger ale for he kids and Landshark Lager for the adults. I know it was just a bunch of fried food, but it was all very tasty.  We really were impressed.  We will go back!
This place is okay.  Due to its location, it's a good call if you're staying within walking distance.  Food is pretty good, but not amazing.  Service was pretty good, but sometimes a little slow, and it wasn't that busy.  But we had a pretty big group, and our server was easy going and put up with us, which is good. Overall, we had a fun time.  In the very local context, it is perhaps 4-stars, but overall, I say 3.
Pulling up to AJ's (a recommendation from a friend) I immediately sighed with frustration as I realized I had been duped into another touristy 3 hour wait before getting some overpriced subpar food. I am so excited that I was wrong. We came in a waited behind a few people to put our names in. The told us it would be about 15-20 minutes, but the buzzer went off before we even got drinks at the bar. Id like to start by saying that this place is absolutely huge. Im not sure if they have multiple kitchens or what, but I was absolutely shocked at the amount of people they were able to efficiently serve. I should also say that this was on a Saturday night of Labor Day weekend, so its not like we were there on some slow weeknight. We ordered the snowcrab bucket. The waitress said this could feed "up to three" which meant "two hungry people" to us. Boy were we wrong. 5 crab (clusters later, we didnt even touch the mussels, corn, or shrimp. This really is enough food for three people. If the service and speed of food is always on like this, I'd be happy to go back any time.
Good Grouper Sandwich and Oysters, has a Big Bar with Table Service or Walk up. Live music and Dance Floor. Busy Place with all ages!
Excellent atmosphere and view. Food was good but not worth the price. I would recommend having drinks elsewhere. Don't expect much liquor in your beverage. Band was terrible.
Ehh. Needs Robert Irvine to stop by and clean.
Oysters are not in season right now but AJ's oysters were much better then everyone elses in the area. Ordered the fried food platter (it was PLENTY for 2, had leftovers) and that is hard to mess up, we played it safe. The place is cool, I would rather go here then a lot of the other restaurants I went to in Destin, FL.
Here was my experience from AJ's.  We originally wanted to go upstairs to the quieter and more adult area, but they told us that it wasn't a full menu up there.  (How come they cant have the same menu upstairs as downstairs?). We walked to the downstair part and it was immediately loud, full of obnoxious children, and covered with all kinds of tacky pirate decor.  We asked the, tween, hostess for one of the tables on the edge so that we could have a view of the ocean and they told us ok with a smile (half expected her to flash a retainer) and then seated us in the middle of the restaurant and told us that we couldn't sit by the good view because those tables were for bigger parties (the tables sat 6 and we had 4 people). Then they sat us at this table that was so crammed in with other tables (and up against a pole) that we could hardly back our chairs up. Clostrophobic much??  Not long after we sat down, the tables surrounding us were full of misbehaved screaming children and then this creepy old man dressed up like a pirate came up and started making strange shaped animal balloons.   Let me just add that I love kids and I was there with a family that has a toddler - I just dont want to be seated so close to other peoples children to the point that I can see their pimples.   I ordered the ahi tuna salad and it was actually pretty delicious - which is the only reason I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1.   Furthermore - when I went to the restroom... I wont go into details, but it was disgusting.   I'm sure the upstairs area a AJ's is much better so dont write it off completely - but I highly recommend not going to the downstairs dinner if you are looking for a nice evening meal.
Meat Market & Debauchery.....when the sun goes down, if this is what you are looking for you will not be disappointed.
Ive eaten here twice and both times i wasn't blow away like i thought i would have been. the actual restaurant inside is very nice and they have a balcony that is nice to sit out on and over look the water and watch the boats go by while you enjoy your drink or app. however if you get stuck eating on the back porch be prepared to have everyone walk by your table.. there really is no wall that stops them from just walking right next to you or stand there and watch you eat.. kinda creepy. the food was alright, not the best i have ever had but it was good. the portions were very large and for the price i guess it was OK, maybe a little much but i will say i didn't leave hungry..
The food was AMAZING. My girlfriend and I were visiting the Destin area and we're so glad we decided to stop by AJ's for lunch.  We were riding our boat and were able to dock onto AJ's dock with no problem.  "Parking" was not an issue and there was a helpful attendant waiting to help us dock properly.  (Btw, tip the guy a few bucks as he's out there watching your boat while you're enjoying your meal inside). As we sat down inside, the front cover of the menu immediately caught our eye -- a HUGE metal sand bucket filled with all kinds of seafood.  It literally looked like it was stuffed and the seafood was "over-flowing."  At this point we were just amazed and admiring the image.  We were surprised to see that it was an actual item on the menu!  It was under the "steamed for two" portion and it's called the "Super Steamer Bucket." It's a "bucket stuffed with a combination of alaskan snow crab, gulf shrimp, king crab, mussels, and clams.  All for $78.  It is a TON of food and believe me when I say that it's worth every penny.  There's normally about 4 full-sized crabs inside but the waitress hooked us up with 5. The seasoning and spice that are infused into the seafood meat was unbelievable.  We received so many comments from other patrons about how great it looked and smelled.  Only if they knew how it tasted!  There was so much food.  I would recommend ordering this for 3-4 people.  My girlfriend and I were able to eat about half of it and we were stuffed. Growing up on the eastern coastal cities, I've grown to appreciate seafood and KNOW the difference between good and bad seafood.  I've been to several seafood restaurants in the Panhandle area and I have to say I was disappointed until I came to AJ's.  Their seafood is fresh and the seasoning is to die for. As we were leaving, the waitress brought over clam chowder for the table next to us and I got hungry all over again.  I can't wait to come back and try that. Also, for you drinkers -- especially if you enjoy whiskey, AJ bartenders provide a healthy amount of whiskey when you order a "single" glass on the rocks.  It was pretty much a double. I look forward to visiting again to try other seafood items on the menu! (CHECK THE ALBUM FOR AN IMAGE OF THE MONSTER BUCKET)
HUGE oysters and great drinks. Awesome atmosphere sitting outside with heaters for the cool fall nights.
This place has the most ideal spot for a restaurant.  It is right smack dab on the water with nice boats and other scenery around it.  It is a true seafood house.  I love how the bar is setup:  Sliding glass doors put you right on the docks and they have a little spot setup for a local musician to play.  I have been for lunch and dinner and boy do they pack it out! Now, the food has been hit and miss.  When I went for the first time, the raw oysters were so ice cold and yummy.  In addition, the shrimp po'boy was so good I could have smacked my mother!  You probably know where this is heading....upon my second visit and eagerly looking forward to the same order, the oysters were not as cold and quite smaller than I had remembered.  The shrimp po'boy was not that good, I am not sure if it was the oil, or they changed the breading, but it was no bueno.  The pricing is bit high, but they don't skimp on their portions. The service has been good both times.  Not that I remember names, but everyone seemed to be hustling and doing their job. A.J.'s is worth a try at best.  I'd still recommend this over some of the places that I have eaten in Destin.  If they read this review, maybe they check into what I mentioned.  I will be back, don't you guys worry.
Just went for drinks and to dance.  The live band was good and so was the crowd.  I felt like I was back in college, it was a good time.  They have a late night menu, we got cheesesteaks and fries.  Not the best but it was drunk food and available. We had left to walk to find something else but nothing was open at 3:30am.  I wish the pizza slushy place would have been!
Food was good, but the view of the harbor and gulf beyond was great! I had the Blackened blu cheese burger which was very good. My wife had the fish tacos had great flavor, but were a bit on the spivey side for her. We had to trade dinners because she couldn't eat them for being too spicy. I however loved them.
Beautiful view, fantastic fresh tasting juicy burgers, fresh lettuce, and thick delicious fries. The breeze from the Bimini deck is outstanding and shaded- cool and refreshing. Daytime perfect for kids, night time great music for adults.
Good atmosphere, live band playing blues. Service was average. Our appetizer (calamari) arrived 30 seconds after we ordered and it was cold. Our main meals also arrived quickly and cold! Po boy shrimp arrived without a sauce as pictured in the menu. The drinks we ordered were just average also. I can't recommend this place.
Ever so slightly, trashy.  Yet still, it's better than the Red Door.  Some nights are more crowded than others.  Dirty, girls dancing without shoes, creepy guys standing around ogling.  But this is pretty much nightlife in Destin.  That's why I'd rather stay in on Friday nights.  Scrabble and a horror movie and stay the fuck home.
Nothing better than having seafood when you visit Florida! So we decided to dine into AJ's seafood and Oyster Bar. We ordered their special crab legs, the seafood bucket, and also a dozen oysters. The oysters were delicious, cleaned, and super fresh. We even had to order another one. It just wasnt enough! The seafood bucket itself was 90 or so dollars, we thought it was expensive but later on we found out it was totally worth it. We decided to get it and split. It was more than enough. Crab meat was sweet and soft. The potatoes, shrimp, and corn all seasoned perfectly. We absolutely love this place! Not to mention the staff there gave great service. She checked up on us regularly and even though we were a big party she made sure we all were satisfied! If i'm ever back in Destin, FL i will definitely be back to AJ's!
I was really disappointed after eating here. I had the Tuna sandwich and it was at best half the size of the bun. I can ignore that part, what I can't ignore is the fact that my French fries had more taste than the tuna. Absolutely bland and dry. My gf did enjoy her burger but let's be honest, any moron can cook a burger. Would not come back. Especially because of our waitress. She never spoke one word to us and not once checked to see if we needed anything.
Great view. Great location alongside the harbour. Great drinks. Just don't come for the food. It's expensive. Steamed veggies are soggy, not tasty or remotely crunchy. Fries are cold. Coleslaw spewing out over the tiny cup. Day-old bread on the shrimp po boy. Skip the restaurant. Stick to the bar upstairs.
I'm only giving this place 2 stars bc we sat outside and the view was great other wise it would be 1. We were here during the off season so I came image what it's like during the busy season. We seated ourselves and it took the waitress a long time to come and bring menus. we arrived at 1:30 and didn't get out until 3:45 bc if the slow service. The food is pretty over priced for the quality and quantity. The mahi fish toes were $21 and included only 4 small chicken nugget sized pieces. The grouper sandwich was big but had a weird texture and was really greasy even though it was grilled. My oysters took the longest and were then comped bc they arrived after everyone had eaten all of their food. Over all this place is a tourist trap and over priced.
We started out down stairs in the restaurant.  They have and serve DIFFERENT menus from kitchens from the bar upstairs to the restaurant down. IT WAS FREEZING IN THE restaurant. So we went upstairs. Atmosphere is GREAT! Band playing on a weeknight. Loved it. Menu was GREAT for a casual evening of some seafood and drinks. (Do NOT go to Busters. Go here instead) FISH TACOS ARE EXCELLENT. PEEL AND EAT ALSO GREAT. SOUPS WERE GREAT ALSO. Wait staff girls upstairs WAY MORE NICE than restaurant.  (Thought came from my wife).
Is AJ's a four letter word? I think it may be. This place is awful. Do not go here. Please, let me explain. I've eaten 18 meals in the local area in the last week and a half. I've had very good success, so far. We were planning on going to the Boathouse again, but it was closed. An alternative plan was to head over to AJ's and enjoy a beer or two and a light dinner. Instead, we had warm, expensive beer and what tasted like a cold dirty diaper wrapped in stale bread. I ordered the oyster and shrimp Po'Boy, wouldn't do it again. The sandwich came out cold and looking freeze-dried from sitting under a heat lamp. I nearly broke a tooth when i bit in. How did a crab claw make it's way into my sandwich. The Shocktop beer i ordered was slightly warmer than room temp. The oysters on the half were dry and not good at all. Our server had the half effort attitude that you'd expect at one of these southern alabama tourist traps. Oh, is something wrong, yet never made any attempt at making things better. I spend a huge amount of time enjoying the culinary offerings from across the country and this would rank among the bottom i've ever encountered. Don't waste your time, appetite and money, especially when the area has so much else to offer. Go to Old Bay Steamer, Bay Cafe, American Bistro, or even McDonalds. You will be much happier than dining here. Still hungry, Glenn.
Very pricey for the quality of food and drinks.  I got a Painkiller mixed drink for a starter and then ordered 1/2 dozen baked parmesan oysters on the halfshell.  I got much better oysters at the Hog's Breath Saloon just down the street, and I have made better homemade mixed drinks myself.  My daughter's crab cakes looked good but they cost 23.99.  The noise level was awful... there were 7 of us .. and we were constantly having to read lips and hold our heads closer together to hear each other talk.  My son's blackened tuna was good but it was 27.99  uuuuggghhh!!  We won't be going back here.
I am not a huge seafood fan. Maybe I am missing out, but to be safe I ordered a burger. How can you mess up a burger? By putting it on a hard, toasted ciabatta roll. This is not a malleable bun, you can't pick it up or bite into it easily, and your food ends up falling out and forcing you to eat the innards with a knife and fork like a goon. I'm sure someone will say I got what I deserved for not ordering seafood at a seafood place, but I was not impressed with the sandwich engineering.
It's a great location and our service was fine (not very friendly but definitely efficient).  The food was sub-par ... And we aren't super picky.  I think this is a fun place to have drinks and some bar food but I wouldn't recommend for lunch (what we had) and certainly not dinner.  It's overpriced too.
Meh - more for the scenery (boats and people) than the food.  Beer is cold and oysters are decent.  Sorta like a pick up place for peeps in their 50's and 60's.  Lot's of Ed Hardy and Affliction wear.
Besides the happy-hour raw oysters and the Oysters AJ, there is absolutely nothing worth eating.
Perhaps I should elaborate upon my initial review. This place has decent night life. I would definitely recommend it above (and beyond) night town. As far as a good place to watch a sunset and eat, you can find dozens of better spots in Destin. This falls into one of the places that I would never recommend to a friend. The food is overpriced. The food is just bad. The atmos.... who cares. Just don't go.
This is a tourist trap for sure but I was sucked into it. The food was alright, the service was pretty decent, there just wasn't anything to really warrant the ridiculous prices for okay food and service. It was an experience and with a commercial for the place being on the tube every five minutes I decided to try it.
The Crab Claw App was the best part of our dinner.  But the view was best of all !!! I wouldn't recommend.
This place is HORRIBLE! Over priced crap. The servers were rude and very slow. Spend your hard earned cash somewhere else!
Too busy, too loud. Expensive and requires a cover if you are not local.
We had dinner at AJ's last night.  We were a party of eight. The service has good, but the prices and portions were not so great. I think the place is overrated and a tourist trap.
The drinks were still strong and cheap (well, cheap for a popular beach night spot). The atmosphere was still fun and fancy free. The older locals on the dance floor still get me laughing with their classy air-guitars, fist pumps, and over-the-head-claps. The band was your classic rock cover band. But, the DJ could use a little help, he is in the running for worst DJ ever. Nonetheless, AJ's is still our fav place to party in flip-flops on the redneck riviera!
Not that impressed!  Cute place, but the food ... not so much!
Good food. Great view. And it's locally owned. Why would amybody on vacation here go to a chain restaurant they can go to home?
If you're looking for good fresh seafood, go somewhere else. If you're looking for something more like fish sticks then this might be your place. The bar upstairs does have strong drinks and with enough of those strong drinks you might actually have a lot of fun. However, if you're expecting a Florida club just remember this is Destin and not Miami. Mad props to AJ's for being the only place in Destin open late but I'm still not impressed.
Great outdoor tiki bar that is HUGE!! Good drinks and good live music + you can't beat the view of the water!!
We ate the "bar food" upstairs because we didn't want to wait.  The girls liked their "boat drinks" other than that, everything else was bad.   Food was overcooked, tasted frozen, small crumbles of calamari.  They put peas or beans or something in the calamari?!?   The next day 2 out of the 4 of us had stomach aches! The only reason for 2 stars is the mixed drinks and our waitress - she took the calamari off the bill, and was very kind.
Good time had for all. Recomend it all the way around.
Scallop / shrimp portion of broiled  seafood platter was swimming in water(?).  Poured the liquid off and shrimp was OK but scallops were watery tasting.  Not worth the $$'s.
The food was good, but the drinks and service not so much. I recommend going here, but be forewarned that this restaurant is expensive. My fiancé has nothing to add.
After reading other's reviews about the she crab soup, I was so excited to try it. Unfortunately, for me it was overpriced and had VERY little crab meat in the soup. I thought I had opened a can of generic soup instead of eating a "homemade she crab" soup that AJ's says the soup is suppose to be. I also ordered two stuffed crabs that were DRY and tasted like leftover Thanksgiving dressing gone bad. Did I mention they were also overpriced and had no trace of crab meat in the stuffing. I will never go back there again nor will I suggest this place to anyone, ever.
this place has good food and a good nite life. it totally looks like sometihng out of Disney with the huge bright lighted sign infront of the place. its right on the water and a cool place to hang out , watch the boats and all.
Best raw oysters on my trip, bar none.  Restaurant area was terribly loud and uncomfortable.  You can sit at the bar upstairs, open air, and enjoy the sunset with some beer and appetizers.  That's the best way to go.  The dinner menu is over priced anyway.
Fun atmosphere right on the water. Food was pretty good. Good shrimp po-boy, kind of over priced for what you get. The upstairs patio for drinks and dancing is awesome.
For starters the waitress took forever to come and greet us at our table.   After we ordered drinks it took a long time for them to get there.  I ordered a shrimp po-boy and the bread was too hard.  The shrimp portion was hefty, which was nice, but overall the food wasn't great.  I won't be going back for food but it is a cool place to hang out for drinks.  The location is beautiful.  It is right on the harbor and you can sit and watch all the boats go by.  You can also sit and watch the thousands of jelly fist floating by.
A virtual maze, that's what this place is, that and a total meat market, at least during the night. The tiki huts they have set up all over the top deck have their own bars, though that doesn't necessarily mean that it's easier to get your drink ordered. The bathrooms are occasionally overflowing with not just people, but other items as well if you catch my drift. Depending on the day and month, this place is either jam packed or barely omitting a whimper.
This place absolutely kicks a$$! I have been there 3 or 4 times while visiting friends and its a great place. First of all, the seafood is great especially the shrimp! Its a little pricey, but you pay for what you get in my opinion. Secondly, the nightlife is really fun. The huge, outside, shore bordering bar gets packed on the weekends, and features a live band nightly. Its a must do if your visiting Destin/FT Walton Beach or stationed at Eglin AFB. Dont forget to checkout the shirts in the gift shop!
This is my second visit here and both times we've been greatly disappointed. Food at AJ's Seafood & Oyster Bar is both blend and uncreative. For example, stuffed deviled crab had more breading then anything else, resembling a taste similar to that of turkey stuffing. AJ's signature salad swam in salad dressing (although that was the least worst dish we had). Boiled Seafood Platter was stingy in portion and lackluster in quality and taste. These two dishes alone cost over $40 not including drinks or tips. Frankly the national chain Red Lobsters produces better food then this establishment. This restaurant is purely a tourist trap. It looks great, sounds awesome, but surely tastes horrible. I guess twice is enough for me. No more AJ's ever again.
Food was just ok. I had the shrimp and oyster basket. My wife had the fish tacos. She enjoyed the fish tacos, mine was not bad but just bland. Not a lot of flavor. The reason I am giving it 3 stars is because for what we ordered, it was way overpriced. For what we had, it was $50. I thought the closer you got to the ocean, the cheaper the seafood should be. Man, not here. Maybe because it was a bit touristy on the main street and waterfront. We won't be going back anytime soon.
Awful service and lukewarm food. If you aren't a male, then you can forget decent service in the bar. We were told service would be slow, which was fine. However, it was not slow for people around us, or even for half of our group.
Overpriced & over rated. Ordered the seafood platter. Triggerfish was very small in portion size and bland in flavor. Stuffed crab very retail, you will get better quality & taste from a crabcake from the grocery seafood department. Shrimp very overcooked and bland in flavor. I counted only 3 small bay scallops on my plate. For $28, not happy with quality, flavor, or portion size. Smoked tuna dip w/crackers was awesome. Peel & eat shrimp very tasty and good sized. I am a real chef & know how food should be prepared, this place is behind on that. Yet, they have a great environment, great view of the water/sunset. If u are visiting the area, don't let the hype fool u. U will be mad once u receive ur bill and tummy not happy. Go to dewey Destins down the street for better quality, still on the harbor/waterfront, and much more reasonable in $$$
Expensive.  $75 for 4 main meals and 4 waters.  Food was avg.  View was great!  Thats what we paid for I guess.
Not my favorite. ..sticky tables. .mediocre at best. .will not go back
May 2010 - Overrated!  Overpriced!  Food was mediocre at best  and skimpy portions on top of it.  Staff is non-attentive with "fast food" mentality.  It's a shame that AJ's, which was once a reasonably priced, local hang-out has turned into one of those awful tourist traps everyone wants to avoid.  There are too many choices with similar views to Aj's to eat there based on past performance.  I now understand why they advertise so much....they have to get NEW customers every day because once you've been burned by the hype....you will NEVER go back.  Enjoy the harbor sunset and dockside dining elsewhere.
F--ing terrible.  What a ginormous tourist trap.  We went here because the guy in charge of our group had heard it was really good and walking up to the place with it's embellished decor it was fairly evident we had made a poor decision.  One of our dinner friends was stationed at Eglin and almost didn't come meet us when he found out where we were going.  Dinner was on par with a Joe's Crab Shack for quite a bit more on the ticket.  Save yourself some money and go to a long john silvers.
We were starving and just stopped here from a personal reference that turned out to be sooo blah. Don't get the seafood pasta. They don't flavor the pasta water so it tastes like bad chlorinated tap water, which the shrimp was most likely cooked in as well. The fried pickles were good, hard to go wrong there. Clam strips were pretty good but very small and had an almost frostbitten flavor. The wedge salad was blah. Too expensive for the quality of food. The hostess' were impolite and looked as if they hated their jobs. Service was very slow and so was the restaurant which gave no reason for the slow service. Also WEAK drinks for the price!! Never going back.
Used to be a Must stop for a Grouper Sandwich coming into Destin. This time the waitress offered the "House Fish" instead and I ask what it was -- Basa - Vietnameese Catfish ?? Maybe ok for St Louis but not sitting on the dock in Destin !! Still a great location -- not a Dock side Restaurant anymore !!
Not a bad place if want a nice chill bar off of the water. Has a live band in the evening.
This place is a madhouse.  I have been here a couple of times before my last experience.  The times before had been during the week in summer and we never had to pay a cover.  It also never got as crowded.  This time it was Saturday of Memorial Day weekend.  Cover was $10, the band sucked, and when we got there at 9 pm it was packed out with the 50+ crowd.  By the time we left the 50+ers had been replaced by the 21 year olds. They should have stopped letting people in at that point because if a fire ever broke out, everyone would be crispy critters. The band was awful and I wasn't feeling the joint like I had so many times before.  I am going to chalk it up to the holiday weekend, so stay away during times when they feel they should charge you cover. 'Nuff said.
man first time here in Florida, have just driven all the way from San Diego California and lost my wallet. They found it and all the waiter and waitress knows about it and well alert and gave me my wallet back.  Strong well made margaritas and delicious gumbo!!!!! I always wanted to try it and it's spicy enough and delicious and they all were nice people with excellent hospitality....... Hey being from California and knowing how I get served...... five star for these Floridian!!!!! xxxx
Great outdoor bar area. Good beach drinks. Good Southern fried seafood. Plenty of live music on the schedule.
We ate here for lunch and for Destin, the prices were reasonable. Our past experiences eating in Destin were horrible (service, quality and everything) and normally we steer clear of "touristy" places. However, the others in my party were para sailing and it was convenient. Each of our lunches were $9 (again, very reasonable for the town) and plentiful. I had low expectations and was pleasantly surprised. My husband had the Kahuna burger, it came out rare as ordered and with a hefty portion of french fries that were thick and meaty and cooked in fresh oil! (It is always the details that make or break a meal). My niece choose French Onion Soup and Grilled cheese and loved it. I tasted her soup and found it to be a classic base (not salty beef base) with lots of sweated onions in it. I had the she-crab soup and salad. Again, the soup was classically done, lots of crab and tasty. Our server was Brenda and she was more than accommodating, friendly and did not rush us at all. Overall, much better than I expected. We would eat lunch there again!
Great atmosphere and view of the harbor.  The food was pretty good, although, more run of the mill than knock your socks off.  I would definitely visit again for the location alone.  If you're into people watching, it doesn't get much better than looking out on the boardwalk.
Delicious fried pickles!  We were here for dinner last week on Thursday night.  The plates were plentiful, and there was no wait with it being off season.  We also ate early, around 5pm.  My daughter enjoyed every bite of her grilled cheese.  My stuffed shrimp were fantastic.  We enjoyed it.
Aj's quality has deteriorated over the years... Firstly, the place could use a good dusting. This weekend is the Poker Run which I can grant them the benefit of 'being busy', but it doesn't make up for the overall atmosphere of the establishment. No food except appetizers on the upstairs deck after 7pm seems like a waste. Their ten page folding menu, 90% advertisement material, of which is too ridiculous to even recognize seems like a waste of a potential positive customer experience. After waiting upstairs with my wife for 20 minutes, only to be told to go downstairs and wait for an additional 35 minutes in a wreaking garbage plume, you could say that I was a little disappointed. Yes, the downstairs waiting area smells like trash. AJ's isn't what it use to be and I'm doubting they'll change for the better with the amount of staff they have floating around the place. Oh, Oh! Where there should be benches for arriving customers, there are lobster traps... Yet another waste of space. Also, the food is over priced by a few bucks on each entree. October was our waitress. She was the only shinning light I found in the experience. Thanks for the great service October.
This place definitely screams tourist trap, but we thought it would be worth a visit since they are "world famous." We started off with a dozen raw oysters. I balked at the $9.99 price tag-- I was used to the $3.95 for a dozen raw oysters at Pappadeaux! The oysters were fine, but I'm not an oyster snob-- I tend to eat them with crackers and cocktail sauce to mask the sliminess. They were not as large as I would expect them to be for that price, but still good. We also ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms, which were really good, topped with melted Cheddar. And lastly, I ordered a house salad thinking it was going to be a small dish, but instead received a plate twice the size of my head full of salad. Not bad for the $6-7 they were charging for the salad.
Went here for drinks after dinner. Good atmosphere for drinks even with tropical storm Lee bearing down on us. Live music and lively crowd.
AJ's a great place for drinks and social time, we went for drinks after the boat light show. They have a band upstairs, and the view is amazing. Bartenders were friendly and attentive.
The Cobia was excellent the day I was there.  This place has a cool vibe and lots of actions.  If you eat downstairs, you get in free upstairs for the dancing - keep your reciept to show.  There was a one man band outside who was rather entertaining and he played another two hours because he got a really great tip from my son's friend. This place has an extensive menu and I'm sure you can find something even if you don't like seafood.
Service is only so-so....but $9.95 for a dozen large oysters is a great price and the view is spectacular.  Oysters were large, plump, and fresh. We love sitting outside, watching the boats roll in, dolphins swim, and the sunsets.
I like AJ's.  I haven't eaten here, so I can't comment on the food.  But, the music, drinks and party is very cool.  It is somewhat of a madhouse, but still a lot of fun.  We went on a Saturday night and the cover was $10.
This past summer, with a party of 7, we knew we'd have a long wait - about 2 hours. We also expected great food. The shrimp didn't peel easily from shell- a sign it had sat too long. The crab had no moisture in it- indicating it to had sat too long. The seafood platter, broiled, was swimming with butter. Needless to say- food wasn't close. Location very cool along with area. Recommend drinks there and eat elsewhere. Too many great places to settle.
I avoided AJ's as a potential tourist trap, but all my local friends insisted we try it and it was great.   Very good shrimp basket (I reserve the BEST for another review) good drinks and nice view.  I'd definitely return but its more for a bar experience than just food.  Tuna dip was good, but probably the same everyone else serves.  Save your leftover fries to feed the fish at the dock they will go CRAZY
Order the crabs or don't bother going. The service is great, food takes a bit too long to come. The bar upstairs is a good time and the cover charge is free with an AJs receipt.
Crazy over-priced everything . Nothing special menu wise , certainly nothing new on their drink menu . We had their signature drink - tasted just like every other drink we had tried at other restaurants throughout the week . And for almost $12 ! The food was good - but like I said , nothing special for almost twice as much as other places in the area . Very loud , touristy ambiance . Not bad service - just ridiculously over priced . Probably would not return .
Went here for the Sunday crawfish boil, great service, good spicy tasty crawfish the only thing a few more pieces of corn and potatoes, overal very pleased with the meal the atmosphere and the service
We loved the  bucket of seafood we ordered, the salad was great and very fresh.  Hated the 2 hour wait!! My sister did not like her plate. My kids felt like the meal they received wasn't as much as should have been for the price ! I don't think they will go back but my husband and I were happy with our choice and probably will .
Food was good, very fresh and not overwhelming....I little pricey but good.
No more Sunday crawdad boil :(. Other wise food and atmosphere great :)
Been coming here for 20 years. AWESOME, great food and service! August 2012 and they are still going strong! Love this place.
Huge portions, decent prices, great food! This place has a great view of the water and great food!
This place had the best crab legs I've ever eaten. I did think that the place was a little overpriced though. Our waiter was good but the hostess had a little bit of an attitude. We were from out of town and didn't know about the whole upstairs downstairs dining situation. We ended up in the wrong section to eat in (since we wanted more than appitizers and drinks) and when we asked if she could show us how to get downstairs she sighed really loud and hurried us down some stairs. The atmosphere was nice and overall the food was too.
Great location on the Destin Harbor. Upstairs has a great view of the harbor but a limited menu so we sat downstairs. It took our server a little long to initially get to us, but the service was very adequate once the meal was underway. I had the Bimini Bash, a signature rum based fruity drink, which was really good, and my boyfriend's beer was very cold. We had the baked oysters - delicious. He had the french onion soup - delicious - and triple B burger - also delicious. I had the "run of the kitchen," a seafood platter. Everything on it was really good, except the cheese grits. The atmosphere is fun as well. There is a bar upstairs and a nice gift shop.
Directly on the water - lots to see and do.  Food was not bad but the drinks were expensive.  I would go back.
This place attracts lots of tourist for the amusing decor, the view of the water, and of course the huge neon light sign they have outside. You'll like the view and the "seaside" experience. The food is ok. Unfortunately, I don't think the food will impress you if you have lots of experience with seafoods. So if you only want to get great seafoods, with lower price and don't care about all decor or the view then a different place will suit you better.
Bad. I had lunch upstairs. The view was beautiful however, so do the other restaurants on the Harbor walk. The service was okay. But, the food was disappointing and overpriced. I had the Captains sandwich. The fish of the day was mahimahi. It came as grilled, fried or blackened. I had it grilled. For some reason it can out greasy and tasted of used oil. The tartar sauce was placed under the fish and soaked into the bun. It made the bun soggy and fell apart as I was trying to eat it.  It cost $14.00 without a drink. I suspect this would be a better place for drinks and listening to a live band. I just move here and I will come back to eat. It think this would be a better place
Good food, Good Drinks, and GREAT view.  Only problem we had was the waitress wanted to leave for the evening, and we didn't want to leave!   GREAT PLACE.
We waited for over about an hour to eat at AJ's, and although I do like the idea that they will text you when your table is ready, the food was NOT worth the wait.  My husband's shrimp was rancid, and my daughter's steak was burnt.  AJ's has a great view, but there are other restaurants with a view and great food.  Pompano Joe's isn't very far up the road or Louisiana Lagniappe, and both of these restaurants have a wonderful view and amazing food!!!!
Oysters bar with no oyster? I was not impressed with the food nor the service. Clearly you're paying for the view and the atmosphere. It took 45 mins to get the apps and soups. By the time the main course arrived, some of us had forgotten what we ordered. Nice outdoor area and enjoyed the live classic rock music.
Very rude bartenders. One of them grabbed money right out of my hand to put in his tip jar "assuming" I would tip with the cash in my hand. I had planned on dropping a dollar but apparently he wanted it all. Rude!
Poor quality food and ridiculous prices. I ordered the fried seafood platter with 4-5 kinds of seafood, which one would think would be good at a place like this, and that it would be hard to mess up. Well, they messed it up. Nothing tasted remotely fresh, the shrimp even tasted like plastic. The best item on my plate was French fries.... And it cost 28$.
This is a great place to enjoy the gulf and some hearty food. The food is average along with the service, but it's AJ's. Enjoy a drink with a group of friends at sunset outside and it feels like four stars.
Good (not great) seafood, with a nice view of the boats coming in.  The gumbo and fried clams are our favorites.  Staff is always friendly and attentive.  We eat here at least once per trip to Destin.
When I go to the coast, I want ultra fresh, off the dock, seafood prepared simply and served hot. You won't find much of that here! Downstairs might be great if you have kids but mostly it is crowded, junky and 30 years out of date. I ordered the dozen oysters appetizer and they were very fresh and tasty but the meal went down hill from there. I had the broiled seafood platter... the fish shaped  platter itself nearly covered half the table but it was an optical illusion... there were 4 count'em 4 small shrimp, 6 small bay scallops (they do not mention on the menu that they are bay scallops) and 4 mussels out of the shell( never serve mussels out of the shell, it is one of the ways to tell if the mussel was alive before you cooked it. Eating a previously dead mussel can kill you and the presentation looks awful almost looked like escargot.) They had steamed zucchini and yellow squash that was actually nuked to the point I needed a spoon not a fork. I asked the waitress for a new batch of squash which was some better but still over done to the point of falling apart. I got all of this plus tea for nearly $50 !!! They are not close to the dock, they are the dock. They ought to be ashamed of turning out such bad seafood and charging the high prices they charge. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!! Go to Bonefish Grill ( a chain) instead because real seafood that tastes halfway decent is hard to find in Destin in my opinion.
We came to Aj's on Wednesday afternoon sitting outside with kids and 4 toddlers.  Definitely not to order the oyster platter.  It is small portion and over priced.  Our water drinks all got fly in it and when we told the waitress, she only said "ewww that's disgusting" and did not apologize to us at all.   We will not come back to Aj's again.
My husband and I have been to AJ's 3 times (twice 2 years ago and once 2 days ago). Our last visit left something to be desired.  We went in with the intent of  getting some crab legs and instead got talked into the big steam pot that also includes shrimp and mussels (after telling our waiter neither of us really cared of mussels and being told it couldn't be substituted).  We also got drinks, my husband loved his while my cucumber martini tasted just like they poured it straight from the bottle and threw a lime wedge in there.  The crab and shrimp were great and the poor mussels were left uneaten on the plate.  When we told our waiter it was our anniversary we were offered a free pass into the club (I guess so we could buy some more drinks?)  It took probably 15-20 minutes for us to get out of there after we were done eating because our waiter was busy with a large table, which I can understand, but another waiter in the same area was always checking on his tables and not once came over to ours or even got our waiter for us.  I think AJ's will just be getting one visit during this Florida trip.
Nothing special about the food, service was ok. Go there for drinks, not a meal.
We ate at AJ's for lunch in mid-Dec (offseason).  It was not crowded at all.  strong smell of stale beer and old mop water.  We should have known not to eat there.  Shrimp on my Po-Boy were cold and looked like they had been cooked a few days ago and reheated.  Crab bisque soup was not too bad.  We ordered a kids' cheese pizza for our 2yr old,... they brought out a (cold) hamburger by mistake.  They brought out the cheese pizza about 10 minutes later.  It looked like it was bought out of a vending machine and microwaved.  We are not picky by any means,... actually very accommodating.  However, in this case the food and service were so terrible that it was inexcusable.
the food is just ok. we really only go to drink late night and listen to the band.
No southern hospitality at this receptionist desk. not a well organized check in, and you have to leave a credit card or your car keys in trade for the pager. Small potions and high price. first and last visit.
If you want below average, overpriced seafood and watered down drinks A.J.'s is definitely the place to go. I'll give them a star for the view but this restaurant is a classic tourist trap that surives strictly because of the location. Do yourself a favor and skip this place.
Great Atmosphere and view...but you pay for it with lousy food.  I had the seafood muffelletta and it was terrible.  It was dried up frozen bay scallops, salad shrimp, and crawfish tails that had been sauteed to sawdust, and put on a big,oversized, dry bun.  Had to ask for remoulade sauce just to give it some kind of moisture.  Go have a couple of cocktails and enjoy the view, but eat somewhere else.
unanimously voted by our group of 6 as best meal we had in destin during a 3-night stay over labor day weekend.  place is huge and was packed, though we didnt wait long for a table.  best quality raw oysters we had during the trip, and the baked 'italiano' oysters were great, too.  we opted for one of the giant crab buckets, and it was heaven on a plate.  great stuff.  only person in our group that wasnt raving was the guy who ordered a steak.. but let's be honest, you dont come to places like this for the beef.  bar upstairs seemed like a great spot to hang out too.
Went for lunch and came back same day for dinner!!   Admittedly, the big draw was the location, which offered a table right on the water with views of the boats and birds, but the food and drinks were good and the service was better than average.
Fun waterfront atmosphere to watch the marina yachts come in and out. Food and drinks were decent. Good place for the older crowd - no kiddies. Nice live music.
Great place to watch the boats and have a drink. But don't expect much out of the food. Triggerfish was not cooked and sent back. The second time we received it, it was without two of the sides. By the time we received the sides, we were done with the meal. I wouldn't even taste the fish, it smelled awful. Service was slow. Paid $60 and left thinking about our next meal.
If I could give this zero stars I would. My family (7 adults and 6 kids) just had the WORST service at this restaurant. The prices are absolutely ridiculous for the portion size you get and the food. Having a large family we decided to split appetizers and such for meals. After our waiter took our order and saw we wouldn't have a huge bill he was nothing but rude to us. He proceeded to throw crackers at our table. When our orders came one of the kids was wrong and he argued with us and basically told us we couldn't read until we finally got our correct order. While at the restaurant one of our little ones became ill and vomitted. NO ONE came to assist. Once someone finally approached us they threw a rag to us and did not mop or clean up the vomit. Our family ate our overpriced meal with the smell of vomit as no one assisted us. Also as if this was not an atrocity in itself we were required to have an 18% gratuity for poor service, rudeness and lack of human decency. As tourists, no one cared of our dissatisfaction.
I will start this off by saying I can see how if it is super busy that the service isn't great, and the food isn't as good as it should be. With that being said, that WAS NOT our experience. I was a bit annoyed at how long it took us to find where we actually needed to go to put our name in, however, we were seated rather quickly after being told it would be 15-30 mins. It is very loud, which was good for us since we had a very loud baby. Our server was awesome and took great care of us. I ordered the fried seafood platter, and opted for more shrimp instead of oysters and calamari. Everything was done perfectly, especially the fish and scallops. Food came out quickly and hot. The hush puppies weren't all that great, but with everything else it didn't matter.
After hearing about the Bloody Mary bar available on Sundays we decided to try out a Bloody Mary first on an ordinary day.  It wasn't that impressive.   Wait staff was terrific though and the food overall was well prepared and comparable to other touristy restaurants adjacent to AJs
Ehhh. You're typical Tourist trap. It's on the boardwalk and I only chose it because I was starving. Thank goodness there was no wait,  and our sever wasn't half bad. He was pretty quick and attentive. Oysters here at AJ's was very fresh, prob my favorite oyster bar of all the places I've tried in Florida! They also have oyster happy hour!! So if you can, come when thats happening. For my main entree I got the ribeye steak. Which was Terrible. Not cooked to medium rare like I wanted it was more on the medium well side with bits of rare. And uh, no seasoning what so ever.... It was so plain and nasty, I can make better steak than that at home. I forgot what my bf got but it had scallops, shrimp, some type of white fish, stuffed crab, which was good! Other than that.. Definitely wouldn't dine here again. Mediocre food with an expensive price. I'd only come again during happy hour so I can enjoy a Bloody Mary & some oysters.
Overrated and overpriced! Although the Oyster happy hour totally worth it 9.95/dozen and super tasty! Overall the food was below average for the price. We got the tuna and the seafood platter - it was fresh but badly presented and tasted just ok. The service was mediocre. On the plus side, the ambience was really cool and it was right on the harbor! Would only go back for oysters!!!
Same as I expected and experienced before at this place. Overpriced for what you get, service wasn't very good. We waited longer then we should have to just place our order and again waited forever to get our checks. In the words or George Bush,'Fool me once, shame on ... shame on you. Fool me... You can't get fooled again!'"
This review is only for AJ's as a bar. I did not eat there. They had a good beer selection as well as some great mixed drinks. The bartender was very nice and willing to answer any questions. During the day there there were some excellent happy hour specials which is when I recommend going. The atmosphere is kinda cool right next to the harbor.
We stay here a month every year and eat seafood from one end of Destin to the other.  AJ's was ok but don't see us coming back.
What a tourist trap!  We called to make reservations and they said they don't take them, but since it's a week night there will be no problem getting a table.  When we arrived there was a 1 1/2 hr. wait.  With young children in the group this is not going to work.  On top of this the hostess was extremely rude and unapologetic about the whole thing.  I could see being a little busier than expected but not 1 1/2 hrs.  Clearly they say whatever it takes over the phone to get you into their restaurant.
We stopped here for appetizers and beer. I had a dozen raw oysters and she had the dynamite shrimp, both great. Beer was cold! Service a touch slow.
Haven't been to AJ's in almost 20 years. Ordered the shrimp Po-boy & She Crab soup. I order the soup after the waitress assured me it was homemade. How disappointing everything was. The soup first came covered in red pepper seasoning. It was exchanged for a soup without. The soup is absolutely horrible & not homemade as had been stated by the staff. Just as the appetizer arrived the Po-Boy was delivered, far too soon. The quality of the ingredients was typical of a tourist trap. Using popcorn shrimp, piece of wilted lettuce & a few slices of tomato along with limp fries on the plate was unacceptable. Spoke to the manager about the quality of the food & left without eating a bite of the food, except for tasting the soup. If you don't mind dining like cattle or eating very low quality food then you may not mind ordering this meal. I won't go back for the next twenty years again.
Had a few drinks and shrimp spring rolls (HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!) while watching the sunset on the 2nd story deck.  Bartenders were good.  I really enjoyed it!
A lot more expensive than led to believe, and the wait was long, although seated right on time.
Food prices are reasonable but service is very slow. We arrived at 3:16pm but only got our orders at 4:10pm. Manager Chris didn't own issue. He said he just got in.
We checked in and after waiting an hour were seated on the dock like requested. The place is gigantic, your typical oversized Destin seafood joint..got served some 24 ounce red stripes which was pretty cool. The smoked tuna dip was pretty good. Enough fluff. I'm just gonna dive right in to why you should not go here. The other food we ordered just wasn't good. My broiled seafood "platter" had 1 stuffed crab, a fish filet, and a little dish of seafood in butter. Very disappointing for $28. The place is filled to the brim with gulf coast vacationers, a spawning ground for Alabama's upper middle class, complete with their boat shoes, fishing shirts, drunken wives and 15 year old swoop-haired future fraternity bros. The drunken wives had such an affinity for the jackass wailing BOOT SCOOT BOOGIEEEE and Lynyrd Skynard songs on the deck, that they barely had time to belch out a "Roll Tide" between all the fun. Not to mention that we were seated mere feet away from this raspy voiced, loud cover musician. I actually found his voice offensive. Much more can be said about this abomination of a restaurant, which I have left out. It was a 3 hour nightmare. I should've known not to go here. Deep down I knew. But I went anyway. It just looked so big and awesome, and it was on the coast. And there was a fireworks show. Don't get suckered into going here. Don't make the same mistake. It should be noted that we weren't the only ones having a rough time. I saw at least 2 dads melt down at this place. I'm serious when I say not to go here on your vacation. There are much better ways to spend your evenings.
This review is for the restaurant only.  It was an okay, overpriced experience.   I had the stuffed shrimp and they were good, but overpriced.  My wife's fish arrived room temperature and was so-so.  The kids enjoyed the popcorn shrimp.  Service was a little slow and at one point my wife's drink was taken for a re-fill and didn't make a reappearance until we asked about it when the food arrived.   All said and done it was okay, but there are better places for the money.
One of the worst experiences i have ever had!  Staff was not friendly at all almost rude.  Out of a table of 6 they brought one chicken strip basket out for one of the 3 kids 15 mins before anything else ( didn't cause any problems at out table) lol Had to ask for my food after everyone else had their's and when i got it there was pieces of shell in it ( mixed in with the noodles and sauce and seafood.  Was told thats because it is made with real seafood!!!!! No kidding. would not recommend this place to anyone EVER
Over price when you can get same food any where else...but I must say best crab cakes we had in a while.
The food here is okay. The service isn't great either. If you go be prepared to wait. We had 8 and it was two hours. On the upside you can walk around the peer area and they will text you... The food- I had the shrimp po boy. I would call it standard fair at best. The shrimp was deep-dish - deep fried. I would expect this from Long John Silvers, not a fresh seafood place. The service- our waitress took our order and brought our checks. We had to ask someone else for refills. Compared to other places around here, we will not return.
The seafood was just ok - nothing particularly special about it but the hush puppies .... now those were the best in the nearly 2 weeks we were there. Service was really good, but the wait was VERY long. Get there early if you're hungry!
Was not pleased with the food. The place was nice looking and in a great location but, the food took about 30 minutes to get to us. it's not even a busy week night and it's also off season here. I ordered the teriyaki chicken with a loaded backed potato a d veggies. All of it was very dry. My boyfriend ordered tuna medium rare and it came out over cooked. The staff was nice but I plan on never returning.
A total tourist trap. However it's great for watching the fish come in, a cold drink, music, crab claws and a beautiful view. Hell call me a tourist cause I know exactly what I'm coming for here. A good time!!!
Nice place to have a good time.  The food isnt that great.  Extremely unhealthy and everything seems fried but a lot of tourist here.
Excellent Food, Excellent Service, and Excellent Fun Atmosphere!!   Put this place on your must eat at list when you visit Destin.
Oysters - FRESH! HUGE! AMAZING!; Crab soup - very good.  Buffalo Shrimp - it's good, but nothing you wouldn't expect. I HIGHLY recommend the oysters here.
Love the gift shop and the location, but the menu selection wasn't the greatest. Also, it's crowded later in the evening, so eat early or prepare to wait!
On the outside of AJ's is this little tiki bar. The bartender, Jeff, is the best!!! You gotta stop and get a drink from him and chat!!! Super awesome time!!
Awesome seafood right on the docks, you can take boat rides and there is a boardwalk that has many fun things to do.
It all started with trying to find just where to add our names to the wait list, this after calling ahead and being told there was NO wait. We arrived and went upstairs where we were told the hostess was downstairs. We made our way through the labyrinth that is AJ's to find what we thought was the hostess. Alas, it was only the check in desk. She pointed us to the hostess were we were then told it would be a 75 to 90 minute wait. Even though we were told there was NO wait over the phone, we had a large table (10) and it was dinner time, so we bit the bullet and added our name. The women took my name and number and said we would get a text when our table was ready. We actually left to check out another place, mostly because we were all starved, then came back. We got back and I check to make sure we were still on the list then we went up stairs to order appetizers and drinks. Tick toc tick toc... 1 and a half hours later I go to see what the deal is. I give the women my name and she says, "oh, your table is ready'". So I got to the seating hostess and she says, "Well we have been trying to call and text you for 15 mins." I asked what number they had and it was the wrong number!! Seems like a pretty important thing to get right when that is how you have a wait list!! So fortunately they had not given our table away and we were able to sit. The server was nice and was able to get the kids plates out pretty fast. The food was nothing to write home about at all! I thought the prices reflected quality, but in this case you pay for atmosphere. Just another tourist trap. I would suggest going and having drinks and appetizers and avoid all together the restaurant.
Don't go .... 2 hours 15 mins to get shit food that we sent back twice and then said keep it don't bring it back
Very popular, very busy, very noisy. The steamed crab dinners were $75 and $95, but it was lunch and that seemed a bit much. By the way, what is it with King Crab Legs at the beach? Everybody listen, they are from Alaska, not Florida. And, they are always frozen, never fresh. There is all this fresh seafood here and everybody wants frozen food from Alaska. What gives? You can get that just the same in Omaha. Started with Oysters AJ which don't match the description of the menu (link at right) in any way but they were Oysters and they were broiled. And they were full of grit! The smokey tuna dip (which is complimentary in many restaurants) was $9 here and nothing to put it on but packed saltines. Had some kind of fried fish on roll which was not particularly memorable and I do not see on the menu. Now, the drinks. pay attention here. Buy them from the kiosk outside. Same drink menu, same restaurant, but the ones outside have alcohol in them. and the ones inside don't seem to. Probably will be my only visit ever.
This place was good. Seafood was fresh, but my boyfriend's crab claws were murdered in the fryer. Oysters, mahi-mahi sandwich and Tuna dip was DELIGHTFUL! Especially the tuna dip, we put it on top of everything else!
The Aj pasta is super good, well, can not give them five stars because of the smell at the restaurant!
We ate here last night and were thrilled with our food, the atmosphere and the location. My husband and I both had the Gulf Boil, it was a very generous portion and the shrimp alone were worth $30! We did get there right at 5 PM and sat upstairs on the deck vs. inside the restaurant. The service was pretty average but our waitress was attentive as far as refills. Had great views of all the boats and the charters coming in with their catch from the day. You can walk the boardwalk right from the restaurant too. Truly a great start to our best evening in town. Would definitely return on our next visit.
We went Monday, June 9 2014. Though it had a decent view, it would have been better if you were right next tot the windows or in outside seating. The food was expensive, but not a large amount.  The service was awful. My fiancée went to the restroom and her half-eaten plate was taken without any warning and she never refilled our waters. The hushpuppies were burnt, but they did bring out some replacements. I don't think we will be coming back until the price drops.
We ate here after doing their Sea Quest  tour. Which is more of a party boat, but a lot of fun. I would give the tour 5 stars. I would give AJ's more like 2.5 stars. The staff is all real friendly. The food was way overpriced for the amount they give you. I got the boiled seafood platter which was way over seasoned and the steamed veggies were still raw. The best part was the baked potato, it was cooked perfect. My wife got the catch of the day which was not bad, but definitely not as good as other restaurants in the area. Their adult beverages were made good and stiff, which is great to see. The atmosphere was definitely nice being on the harbour and the inside was decorated in antique fishing gear.
On our way to Melbourne Beach (an hour past Orlando -coming from Texas) we wanted to stop and have lunch in Destin (yes---it was kinda out of the way but we really wanted to see Destin and all of it's hoopla). I wanted Oysters. So we end up at AJ's. I was in awe of just being on the coast. We had a dozen Oysters (even though I only ordered 1/2 dozen-oh well) and the No Frills Steamer ($75--but you got a ton of crab legs, a ton of mussels, and a TON of shrimp--we were so full we didn't even finish the shrimp). The waitress recommended the Mano Daquiri (keeping in mind I had just been to New Orleans and had the most amazing Daquiris-this one was too sweet and I could not taste the alcohol-more like a smoothie). But the view was beautiful. The steamer basket was exactly what you should eat when you on the harbor. It was a lovely experience.
Decent food but not the greatest...but i give them an extra star for having the best deck in Destin. Great place to chill and have a beer while overlooking the harbor but, their food is not the best. Th is more the place to come for drinks and scenery than for dinner. Many other local seafood restaurants with better food and bigger menus. So without the deck with a great view....i would give them 3 stars for food and service.
As a bar it was ok and they had a good band. Owner and bouncers were a little full of themselves though.
Terrible experience. They weren't that busy yet my husbands food was cold. My youngest child had the pleasure of being given a dirty spoon. My oldest spent the night in the bathroom. My tuna steak was ok, a little overseasoned. Will never go back.
Great location and views, on the water. After spending the day on the water, I was craving something unique and found it at AJ's. The blackened rib eye with shrimp and sauce was fantastic. The meal came with a loaded baked potato, veggies and a roll. My kids enjoyed their meals as well. After the meal, the waitress turned over their 'plates' to reveal an AJ's frisbee. My boys and I left happy, full and knowing we will be back the next time we are in Destin!
Live Music, Good Food, Good Service. Couldn't ask for more. Truly enjoyed my vacation. Staff was friendly and helpful to tourists. Non-seafood eater friendly restaurant. The pasta dish I ordered was surprisingly excellent. Certainly a good time!
All the reviews for AJ's seem pretty accurate. It's a solid 3-star place. The service is good, the patio has an awesome view and their happy hour oysters are $8.95 for a dozen raw. If you haven't already noticed bey every review in every place in the panhandle, the oysters down there are spectacular (if you are an oyster person). I dare to say that they are better than Pacific oysters. We had a dozen each.  The beer prices aren't bad either. Oh! and they had this awesome body scrub salt in the ladies' room. I'm kind of regretting not buying it when I was there.
Atmosphere was great, loved the view, but the oysters were a little off, food was average and service was poor.  But still worth a visit.
Ate here last night. I walked in very drunk and the staff were nice. I would have been annoyed if it was the other way around. We ordered the $97 bucket, a dozen raw and a dozen cooked oysters. Our friends ordered a fried platter. I was disappointed my friends ate all the fried scallops before I even got a chance to try it. They sad it was so good The seafood was great though. The mahi mahi was fresher than I ever had. I was shocked at the shrimp they served. Most restaurants serve small skinny shrimps, but these were fat. I worked on a shrimp boat, and I can tell these were good quality shrimp. The snow crabs, king crab, mussels, and clams were also great. We had a good time and the service was fast. Our waiter did a good job as well.
We stopped by for dinner in the lower level of the restaurant.  Be forewarned:  if you need handicapped access, you can get to the lower level, but it is quit a steep hike back up if you have limitations in walking or are using a wheelchair.  We were greeted by a sweet greeter who put us by the window.  I thought that would be great, due to the view, but there was LOUD talking by a guy hawking all kinds of stuff throughout our dinner.  VERY annoying.  I wouldn't mind music, but the guys at the mike were amateur at best, and we couldnt' get away from them. We ordered the onion rings, red beans and rice, and the she crab soup appetizers.  Onion rings were plentiful, but bland, with a good horseradish sauce.  My boyfriend said his red beans and rice had plenty of Andouille sausage but oddly, very few beans.  He wasn't terribly impressed.  She Crab soup was ok, but had a sharp aftertaste that wasn't good.  It was also not served hot -- it was lukewarm, at best. We both had the special, which was sirloin with crab and cajun sauce.  Our server said it was spicy, so I got it on the side (I can't tolerate spice at all).  The steaks were 12 oz -- we should've only gotten one for the two of us -- and mine was full of gristle and fat.  Ordered medium, it was completely pink and lukewarm as well.  The shrimp and cajun sauce wasn't spicy.  It was good, but had a flavor that I never could decide if I really liked - it was a seasoning, but I'm not sure what.  Maybe cinnamon?  It was a bit odd.  Vegetable medley had NO seasoning at all and was a throwaway, really. We got the key lime pie afterward.  Flavor was good and great consistency, but it was overwhelmed by the crust, which was too heavy. Beer was served in a plastic cup, and there were no dark beer options.  Service was friendly, but it took quite a while to get our second round, and we didn't have any water to carry us through.  Our server said she had a couple of other tickets come in, which delayed our drinks, but she passed our table several times without acknowedging that we had nothing to drink. Decor was crab pots and such hanging from the ceiling.  It was kind of dark, but not overly so.  NOTE:  you cannot see sunset from the lower level, but the view of the boats coming and going is kind of fun. The bill was $100 for both of us, including drinks, appetizer, and dessert.  All in all, nothing that I couldn't have gotten at Applebee's for less, and with better quality -- and I'm not a fan of Applebee's.  I will not go back to A.J.'s
AJ's is a great place for a large group to eat and then head upstairs to the bar area.  Two totally different experiences without having to switch places.  Nice!  We arrived at about 6pm on a Saturday and our bachelorette party of 8 was seated immediately.  Soon after, there appeared to be a long wait.   Everyone enjoyed their food, especially the oyster apps.  The portions on the entrees are very generous, which is good since the prices are a tad high.  The Alaskan snow crab for $35 came with 4 or so big clusters, so we felt we got what we paid for.  They had some big steamed seafood buckets to share ($75-90) that looked amazing!  The drink menu is solid, and the Bimini Bash is a good starter drink.  3 per person max on those according to the menu.  Ha! The upstairs area with the live band was awesome!  Lots of TVs to watch any sports games and a good size dance floor.  By 11:30 pm, the place was PACKED!  So get there early if you want to dance without bumping into everyone else around you.   This is an awesome place to take a bachelor/bachelorette party!  We ran into a number of different parties and had a blast!
The oysters were delicious. I made the mistake of ordering steak though, and it was terrible. No flavor and very dry. I ordered the filet cooked medium and they butterflied it for some reason. Worst steak I have ever eaten. I would go back for the oysters, drinks & atmosphere.
Service was awful! I don't know if they have new waitresses or what but we waited for 10 mins before we got anyone to even talk to us after being seated. The only reason I'm still giving them 3 stars is because my sandwich was really good. I ordered the catch of the day which was Grouper (Grilled). I will say that I felt it was a bit overpriced as well...we'll go elsewhere.
Service was good but the food is terrible and way overpriced. My husband got the stuffed fish with crab and he could not finish it. The vegetable medley was basically raw veggies. And my daughters steak that we ordered medium was overdone and burnt. Go down the street to Harry T's you won't be disappointed there
AJ's has two faces: By day, AJ's is a two-story bar and seafood restaurant on the harbor that puts out great scenery and mediocre seafood at touristy prices.  At night, AJ's still sports the seafood restaurant downstairs, but the upstairs becomes Destin's largest club and sin bin.  There you will enjoy hundreds of cheap, sunburned tourists, angst-filled Spring Breakers and overly-entitled locals jostling for position around the bars while the bands and DJs play music at about 150 decibels. AJ's is the place to be seen in this town, if that's what you're about.  You'll enjoy people bumping into you and accidentally ashing in your drink while you occasionally witness 4-5 members of their house security drag some poor drunken kid outside and then pummel him in the parking lot.  But hey, you can drink and dance! My advice?  If you're looking for Jersey Shore-esque hijinks, this is your place.  If you're looking for seafood.  Good seafood?  Eh.
This bar is pretty legit. I haven't been here during a meal service, so my review is purely a reflection of their late night bar/club atmosphere. The drinks are pretty strong, and the bartenders are friendly (I never have to wait too long for a drink). The music is usually live and always entertaining. The bar itself is nice, with great views of the harbor. However, I'm not sure I understand why they charge a cover on some nights. My boyfriend, being military, gets in for free, but they still make me pay. Not cool, AJ's, not cool.
Incredible service, great seafood, cool atmosphere. Frankie is AWESOME!!!! King crab legs are ridiculous - sure we'll be back before the end of the summer ! The location is also perfect as it's right on the Harbor Walk. Maybe next time Frankie can convince us to eat some oysters- probably not- lol ;0)
My husband and I went on their 1.5 hour boat ride last weekend. I give that 4 stars. We went on the 1:30pm ride and the crew was awesome. Very friendly and catered to everyone on the boat to include a slightly annoying child. They kept filling my husbands cup with the FREE beer and mine with water (DD). They also had free wine and sodas. They are not high quality drinks but free none the less. If you want something better you can purchase it at the walk up bar and get it to-go to bring onboard. There are about 40 seats on the boat. It cost $25 a person. It was very rough on the water that day so they took us over to the bay. They gave us a small tour of some of the homes. Since we didn't see dolphins and its a dolphin cruise, we were given two complimentary tickets and told to come back. I plan to go this weekend. Afterwards we went to the restaurant to eat. I ordered the baked Italiano oysters and a Caesar salad. My husband got the crawfish po'boy because he's been dying for crawfish since he has been living in Hawaii. My salad was very good and in a great wooden salad bowl that allowed me to mix it up without shoot lettuce off the plate or bowl. The oysters were very small and they were covered in way too many herbs and Parmesan. They were overwhelmingly salty. I'm sure the raw ones are good so I will likely get those next time as I do plan to go back. My husband said his sandwich tasted good but it immediately started falling apart and he had to eat half of it with a fork. Over all it was decent food and a good atmosphere during the day. Be aware that it turns into a dance club at night and its a mad house shit show! Maybe they are focused on too many things and not paying attention as much to the food...
My new favorite place in Destin for oysters! Biggest raw oysters I've had in my life (and I've had them all over the country). The Buffalo Oysters were fantastic also. Great service, kids loved their food, although my son thought his steak tasted burnt and didn't like it. Also, great fried pickles to start your meal off right.
Yes, tourists frequent AJ's, but when I'm out of town, I yearn for authenticity by hanging with the locals and AJ's delivers just that! Come experience world-class live music (if Jones and Co. is performing, you will be dancing) and the yummiest raw oysters around! My fiancé and I love the beachy funky vibe of AJ's and the on-going attentive service from the staff! We come often and we are never disappointed! It can be a little spendy, but you are on the water and you are in Destin, but don't let that deter you from a cool and fun experience! Put your casual clothes on and come hang out with the locals! There will be plenty of grilled, fried, or blackened seafood, poppin' music, and refreshing drinks for everyone!
Great raw oysters!   Wonderful waterfront location!  Excellent food!   Amazing!!  Delicious Crablegs!  Wonderful Steamer Pots!   Truly a wonderful place!!  Cassie was an amazing server!
Great crowd,  great view, good food. I left wanting more however. I tried the stuffed fish and was good but but left wishing I tried something else but if in Destin everyone should go and check out the area around ajs
I used to live here, and this is my go-to place for raw oyster's, seafood, and regular meals like burgers, steak, or chicken.  Fresh seafood, good drinks, killer view, decent service, and a diverse crowd makes this a pretty fun place.  At night they boost live music on the top floor (Club Bimini), combined with good company & drinks makes this one of my favorite places in the panhandle!
Great service. Waitress didn't write the order down but came out perfect. Awesome food a little pricey but well worth it. Nice view of the sun set.
The place is nice. All fried stuff is as usual: good but not healthy. Price on main dishes is high versus the quality you get. Will not come back.
Over priced.  The food tastes like microwavable meals.
AJs is a great place to have lunch, dinner or just drinks and appetizers.  My oysters were brought out by a fellow with a shucking glove, indicating they had just been shucked.  The oysters were incredibly fresh, so much so that we returned twice more and had them during our stay in Destin.  Fish tacos were good, the BLT Bloody Mary was good.  Prices were fair.  I definitely recommend AJs.
Its a bar with bar food. Don't look for amazing cuiesene here.
