Of all the trashy places to frequent on a evening in the panhandle, the Village Door is not bad at all.  Free drinks (for ladies?) before 9:30pm.  Good danceable music and bands.  Fun crowd, and a nice outdoor area with lanterns on strings, giving you that vacationy feel. The good thing about the Village Door is that it's not so military centric like the bars in Destin.  Gaggles of chicks in matching outfits on bachelorette entourage outings.  Mostly ugly overweight guys trying to convince you to give a shit.  But if you really don't you'll probably have a good time.  And remember, you don't have to like him to accept a drink.  You just have to talk to him for the duration of your drinking.  So do shots. Don't go two nights in a row like I did (what?  I was staying in the area) because you'll see the same fucking people.  And wear HEELS.  I got lazy the second night from the ugly crowd and wore flip flops and my feet were wet within minutes of stepping in the door.  GROSS.  Turned around and went home immediately. Lots of drunk people.  Don't try to help them.  Just tell security.  We were watching this one drunk chick dancing with some guy.  She dropped her phone like 5 times.  Then the guy she was dancing with just WALKED AWAY.  Finally got tired of her drunk imbalanced ass that even the thought of easy access couldn't keep him there.  She stumbled off the dance floor and FELL FLAT onto her FACE.  We suspected that she was Asian and felt obligated to help.  I picked her ass up but in my heels, I wasn't exactly a stabling presence either.  She struggled up and proceeded to pull me down a few times before punching me (accidentally) in the right eye.  I just got PRK and could not be doing that shit so I dropped her drunk ass back on the dirty wet floor and stood around until security came and got her.   Oh and don't put your shit down on any surface.  It will get wet.
Service was very slow.  Gumbo served without bread.  No lemon with shrimp.  Ordered the TNT sauce with shrimp, never got it. Pork and chicken sandwiches were dry as a bone!  The Fish & chips were over cooked.  Refills were impossible to get until it was time for the check.  Went to the "Manager" after dinner and her response "I'm sorry about that."  Save your money!  there are several wonderful restaurants in the area that know how to cook and wait on you. On a positive note, the music is great! It's on the bay and should have been more memorable ... In a good way. We were in the outdoor restaurant area, not the inside and it was 7pm.
I am not sure how they received the awards on their walls. The BBQ was greasy, the mixed drinks were horrible and the shrimp had no flavor. I think they should stick to the spring break crowd because anyone else will be disappointed.
What a complete joke. We came to find a place to watch the NBA playoffs while staying at sandestin. This place appeared friendly and not crowded and had the game on upstairs they said. We were briskly informed that the place turns into a nightclub at 9:30 (it was 7) by our server who appeared ten minutes after we sat down. Server didn't know what beers were available - "It changes every day he said- but I think miller LT stands for miller lite" Sigh. We felt the weirdness coming on but decided to stay since the game was on (go grizz!) and ordered an appetizer- TNT shrimp- Sysco deep friend shrimp pieces with what appeared to be spicy mayo. The mixed green garnish was actually tastier that those greased over things. Finish appetizer. Finish beers. Wait ten minutes to get another beer. (The place is empty also- almost creepily so). A big shot manager with an iPad was running around talking about what needed to happen with the stage and such- we were laughing at his seriousness about all that while we sat at a dirty table with empty beers, dirty dishes, menus still  while dr iPad is running around pointing at stuff on his iPad.    Food came and the veggie tacos were a nightmare- I couldn't cut my unripe avocado with a fork and they were bland and just plain gross. Our friend got the baked chicken and had a weird bug crawling around it.    We were completely neglected, served awful food and treated like we were in the way- oh and almost forgot- it was a MAJOR CRISIS when we wanted to move closer to the tv in the completely vacant upstairs- they had to get on their headpieces and get clearance for us.  We explained when we sat down we'd be there and drinking lots do beers and some food and watching the game. I know when I was a server this would have been a dream Table and we we're still ignored. Thanks for nothing except the worst 100$ meal I've ever had. Ugh. Oh and i almost forgot. They brought is  bottle of sriracha which appeared to be regular ol' sriracha but when I put it on my food it seemed watery- tasted it and it was WATER ANS CAYENNE PEPPER. COME ON PEOPLE. so awful.
We arrived and got seated quickly on the deck with an amazing view of the harbor. Our order was taken quickly and drinks were brought out.  35 minutes later the waiter says he is checking on our food and says the kitchen is slow bc of the rush, Which I think is the time he actually turned in our order. 5 tables around us ordered and ate before we got our food. 50 minutes later we got our food.  The BBQ we ordered was good and I did enjoy it. Just wasn't worth a FIFTY MINUTE wait!!  I had plenty more things I could do than wait there.
We were seated immediately but that is where the good news ended. We waited over five minutes for our server. The coke was watered down. After delivering out food, our waitress never came back to our table, although she visited he other table. Only after we flagged her down did we get our check. Eat somewhere else.
I was in San Destin for my sister's wedding and the rehearsal was at the wharf. After dinner, one of my other sister's and I found this place and were so excited to dance, even though the bar was going to close within 45 minutes. We, unfortunately, never made it inside. My main problem was the d-bag of a manager...he wanted a $10 cover for 45 minutes of dancing, but told us that we had to first wait 15 minutes at the door because he had something else to do first. Really? $10 for 30 minutes? We probably would have paid the money anyways, because they did have super good music (this is the only reason for the 2 stars) but the manager was just soooo important - he was a total @$$hole to us at the door. Not much southern hospitality at this place!! anyways, if you can get in there and not have to deal with this jackass, you'll probably have a good time. If I was the owner of this place, I would get a little more hospitality at the front door of this village door!
The service here is great. Our waiter took our order fast. The food took awhile , but you can't rush good food. I had the pull pork sandwich , it wasn't the best I've had. The food is okay. The place is nice . They have an outside deck with a great view. Great place to bring friends & family or just have a beer or two. I do recommend this place. It is expensive, so if your on a budget don't bother.
Let me be clear, at 44 years of age, this isnt exactly my "sweet spot", night life speaking but I knew one of the shot girls(the one in my profile pic) and was dying to see what all the fuss was about. I took the 7 mile drive from Destin to Sandestin in Baytowne Village (hard to park onsite, so park at Horseshoe and take the shuttle as security guards advise. Side note, this venue sits in one of the best thought out entertainment districts that I have been to. Think Bourbon Street South but classy and upscale, but I digress. It was July 3rd and most of the people in line were the beautiful people. You know....those 21-30 somethings that still party 5 nights a week. Cover was $10 and when someone complained, the door person said its usually $20! Drinks were small and expensive but the place was cozy and the band was phenomenal. There is a great deck outside and a second story to boot. If you are in Destin and want to get your dance on, this is definitely 1 of a few places that you need to make your way to.
I understand they started serving food here late in 2011. Outside seating overlooking the marina is great. A moderately expensive menu (in keeping with the wharf area). Decent food, but here's the rub - on a Saturday night in July, they were out front pulling people into the place. But the kitchen got buried, and couldn't keep up with the volume. Orders took about 45 minutes;  people walked out right and left. Nice (and apologetic) servers; but not enough of them. Too many other good choices to return anytime soon. Just hope it's a better dance club than it is a restaurant!
