Great local bar. Totally fits the "hole in the wall" genre. Very tiny, but comfortable. Food is cheap but fresh and yum.
I've been ruined by LA.  The throngs of restaurants specializing in everything ever created on earth, vying for your attention packed tight and deep from Beverly Hills to San Gabriel Valley.  Great value, good food, exceptional service.  The worst part of my ruination is that it destroyed me for any other place I might live.  Even NYC is not up to par upon visits.  And I sneer at the amateur establishments in Boston when I go back home. Now brings us to Fort Walton Beach.  When I first came here, I could not even begin to compare the restaurants to what I was used to.  Though walking into The Boardroom a few weeks ago, I was pleasantly surprised.  Clean, modern decor, international beer selection, and awesome specials like 15% off military Mondays and half off wine down Wednesdays 5-7pm.  There's something about sitting at this bar that appeals to me.   The Thursday that I came they had some beer specials.  I'm not a beer drinker so I asked for a glass of Bordeaux, which they didn't have, so I opted for another wine.   This Wednesday, I came for their wine down Wednesdays, half off wine and cheese plate with purchase of a bottle.  They did have the Bordeaux!!!  We got a bottle and a cheese plate.  The bottle was $20 so would it have been $10 with a free cheese plate?  That's a hell of a deal.  The wine was delicious and the cheese plate was really good as well.  My friend especially loved the goat cheese.  We also got a nacho and guac to share.  The guacamole was out of this world, absolutely delicious.   The bill came to $25 something, which means they did not give us half off the wine.  I guess if you get a cheese plate it's not half off?  That would have been good to know so we can set expectations.  I was too buzzed to look too closely at the bill but if something is advertised, then they should honor it.  But for this bill discrepancy, this spot could have scored a 5 star in my book.  But no matter how good the venue is, if they don't honor their own specials (shit when I'm too drunk to know the difference), then it's not a 5 star venue. Also, we were there for a while (a whole bottle takes a while to chug down) and each got a glass of water.  Towards the end, our glasses were empty for a good long time while sitting at the bar, empty glasses in front of both servers.  No one offered to refill our glasses until I asked for it.  The servers need to step it up.
I was really unhappy with the service at this bar. It was like they had never had a packed house before. Bartenders ignored customers way too long, even leaving a full bar at one point. When they were there, they worked on several different orders at once, leaving me and other customers waiting. I placed my order for a beer flight and then waited 10 minutes for the bartender to help several other customers. The food is pretty good, so if you want to try this place out, make sure you come when it's not busy. A cheese plate took about 20 minutes to reach our table.
Nice food and beer selections, service isn't that great at all for a small pub and eatery.
Laid back.  Great music selection.  Relaxed bartenders.  On Sundays they have bottomless Mimosas from 11am - either 1pm or 2pm for only $10 & the glasses they serve them in are HUGE!
I love this place! It's clean, everyone is really nice, food is great, and they have a great beer & wine selection. Try the nachos!
What a great place to grab a bite to eat and enjoy an ice cold beer. Our waitress was prompt, polite, and very knowledgeable.  She checked in on us several times throughout the meal and ensured we were comfortable.  The head cook even came out to see how we were doing. Definitely recommend this place for those in downtown Fort Walton Beach, Fl.
Great new menu of mostly sandwiches. Excellent Cuban panini. Fun staff and a wide variety of beers makes this spot a little gem in downtown.
Great location, plenty of parking, Great BEER.  Nice wines and food.  The wait staff is very friendly and informed on products.
This place is great I can relax, the music is good, and has quite a selection of beer to choose from.
Great little bar off the beaten track in downtown Fort Walton..It's kind of got a Speakeasy Vibe to it because there is no entrance to it on 98 as you have to enter the bar from a side door that faces the parking lot..what also gives off the Speakeasy Feel is that it is located in the back of a Surf Shop that fronts 98...the small space the bar is located in used to be the surf shop's storage and shipping area...I always say the five things that make a perfect bar are a great beer selection..good clientele..good music not played at a million decibels...an old style popcorn machine where you can get as many bowls of salty popcorn as you want and a real shuffleboard table game with the pucks and talcum powder..well this place has 4 of them!!..come on guys you have to find a shuffleboard game somewhere in the area or on E-Bay...this is a beer and wine only place with a very small selection of light foods....beer is the real emphasis here though with around 12 taps pouring Craft beers and then close to a 100 in a bottle..if you are looking for the same boring offerings from BMC this is definitely not your place...they also have 2 TV's to watch the game but sports is really not the emphasis here as the times I've been there no ones really watching..this is more just a chill place to drink some beer..talk to people and listen to good music....definitely a recommended stop if you can find the secret way in and know the password to get in!!..this week it was "Blue Horseshoe loves Annicot Steel":)..holding off on the 5th Star until they get a Shuffleboard Game or have 5 cent Cigar City Draft Night
Kind of hard to find but worth the hunt.  We drove by it a couple times before we found it and I am so glad we did.  Soooo many beers to choose from  and an impressive wine selection as well.  The staff was friendly and attentive and the atmosphere was pleasant.  The food isn't bar food but gourmet style entrees including vegetarian fare.  I think we found our new local, I look forward to next weekend.
Interesting little place that I gave a shot recently. This place is remotely small, so don't expect any hostess to seat you as you come in. We were told by the bartender/server to sit wherever, but throughout our dinner I saw about 15 people come and go as they walked in confused as what to expect, as we all do at a new place, and eventually left after no acknowledgment. The food was fair, but the items are simple and hard to screw up. I noticed through the door to the kitchen that the chips on the nachos are standard tostitos, not anything special homemade. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were WAY to casual in their demeanor and dialogue. I heard probably at least 2 dozen f-bombs throughout my dinner from those classy ladies. Beer selection was acceptable, but the service on this visit will lead me to better options on the strip like Tap Works, which has a much more substantial beer list (60 on tap). Sure, the massive pork nachos here are good, but they're also really basic and something that a drunk person could easily make at 2am after returning home from a real pub.
