Sat at the bar and ordered pizza. Looked like a great place but I need to go back for a better review. I talked with the best bartenders and locals around. Super great people. What I ate was great. The tables are right on the back of a bunch of yachts so what great atmosphere huh'? Cold beer and pizza and boats. Hard to mess that up...
I've visited the FWB location multiple times because I live within a 4 minute walk. The food is decent enough to walk over and eat and the drinks are always cold. However my friends and I were out at Crab Island this past weekend and had an experience of a different kind. Helen back has a party barge they drag out to crab island.  A DJ spins music, the owner MC's chicken fights, and they serve pizza. They have to get the pizza out to location somehow so they're using a full sized, beat up pontoon boat. So Memorial Day weekend at crab island with hundreds of boats and thousands of partiers and they're trying to run back and forth from the middle of all the chaos including gusty winds and strong currents...a full size pontoon. Apparently they've been doing this for years. Cool! My friends and I anchored close to their "path" and they asked us to move so we did. They agreed to our new location with a thumbup. 2 hours later a yacht that had been anchored close by decided to move, blocking the path of the pizza boat. So who gets yelled at? Us. Yelled at, cursed at, called douche bags, and told NO PIZZA FOR YOU! Seriously, the guy shouted "NO PIZZA FOR YOU!" Well it's a good thing I brought sandwiches asshole! Then while returning from a trip, their skilled pizza pontoon captain slammed his delivery boat into another pontoon... Then into a CATAMARAN.  I was shocked we weren't blamed for their amazing driving. It was hysterical! Anyway they finally made it back like nothing happened... By now their entire invisible privately owned pizza path was blocked by multiple boats so they went back to their original approach that was obviously a successful one... "Hey you! Yeah you asshole! Move your boat!" This time it was a different guy blocking their path. How rude of him! These guys aren't going to give 2 shits about my review.... Their method of service isn't about pleasing the customer as much as "if you don't like it don't come back."   I just wanted to tell the story of 3 or 4 baboons cursing folks and slamming their broke ass pontoon into everybody. When the news report pops up of helenbacks pizza pontoon severely injuring someone out there, imma say I told ya so!
I loved that is was on the water and has nice misters to keep you cool.  The pizza was delish!  The service and beer selection suck and they were pretty pricey. 31$ for a large pizza and two teas.
Had a very bad experience. Came in for lunch. Very few patrons at the time. There was not one server anywhere. The bartender wouldn't even look at me. After choosing a table and waiting over 5 min. and not seeing a server we went to the pizza window (thinking that was how to order). I asked the guy at the pizza window if I was supposed to order from him and he said yes. After I had already ordered, the server decided to come by. When I let her know I didnt know we had a server and that I had ordered pizza at the window she got mad and told me that wasnt how ordering works. I said I could cancel our order and order from her and she said forget it, it's fine. Then she walked away. Then I had to flag her down again so we could order salad and a beer hoping to give her a tab at our table so she could get a tip. She seemed annoyed the whole time until she brought our check where she was suddenly Ms Sunshine. The pizza was  crispy on the bottom which we liked but had barely melted cheese on top. It was pretty terrible. We decided to go ahead and munch it down so we could just get out of there. Not a fan. All the locals here go crazy over the pizza here. I guess we had a bad experience. The problem is there were too many things for us to overcome to want to try to remedy  it. Won't be back.
Its a dump. Ate there once, never again. It's just a dive bar really and nothing more. Put it this way, the guy who handles the cash, is also handling your food without the use of gloves or hand washing. The Navarre location is better and not  filled with potheads and drunks. Anyone find it funny, that a pizza joint needs security?
A nice place in Fort Walton to grab a pizza. While staying at the Hampton Inn across the road, we grabbed dinner. Great outdoor seating overlooking the water. The nachos were huge and super cheesy. The pizza was a little greasy, but tasted great. We were able to eat a plate of nachos, and a large pizza with drinks for under $50. Family friendly before dark for sure.
Good food, cold beer and amazing pizza!!  The ladies are a pleasure to drool over too, non stalkerishly. Strange how the Coors Light pitcher increased by 1 dollar in 45 minutes. Think I'll do this beer by beer from now on
If you are a twenty something in a group out for a fun time then this place should cover your requirements. For the rest of us... It's got bad service, when you can find it ,it has attitude and you have to ask at least twice for everything. If this is the best pizza in town then the town needs help. Swimming in oil!!! We sent the first pizza back. In short student hole in the wall. Noisy, dirty, poor service, not welcoming and a long way from "the best pizza I have ever had".
Aptly named. If you don't mind cigarette smoke, this place is okay ONLY if you want to knock some back with friends. Otherwise, it's a smoky dive with scarce waitresses, short menu and mediocre beer selection. Philly cheesesteak is cooked in some kind of Italian dressing or sauce, possibly the biggest departure of the traditional. Tasted mostly like italian dressing on a roll. The parking lot has mega-sized pot-holes in it, especially on the way out. Drive carefully.
My sister says it's the best pizza in the area.  If this is the best pizza in the area, I feel sorry for all you pizza lovers.   I guess living in NYC for 3 years has skewed my opinion greatly.  The pizza was soggy (we ordered it to-go) and the ingredients didn't taste fresh.  The sauce wasn't that great either.  It tasted canned opposed to homemade.  And, the pizza was swimming in oil.  I've never seen such an oily pizza.  Was it really that necessary to drown the entire pizza in cups of oil?  And, it was expensive for the area.  Twenty bucks for a pizza?  Get real. I guess this place would be a fun place to drink at.  You can dock your boat and grab a beer on the deck.  I suppose a slice of greasy pizza would be pretty good after a few cold ones.  But I would avoid picking up a pie to-go.
Helenback is so casual it makes my living room look like a country club. You either get it or you don't. Parking lot is full of holes, building looks like it's falling down, waitresses have attitudes, service is at a 'leisurely' pace and the food probably isn't going to win any awards. But, I have never ever found a better place to slide into and order a pitcher (or three) after a day on the beach or out fishing. Patio looks out over the bay, beer is ice cold and it has the most relaxed atmosphere. Also a great place to catch a game, they have a ton of TVs. We always come here when in town to see Falcons, Braves or Yellow Jackets games that aren't on local TV. During the day it's filled with a sunburned crowd from 21 to 85. The later it gets the younger the crowd gets. It does tend to get smoky inside. The food is mostly low end bar eats, cheese stix, chicken fingers, jalapeno poppers, out of the freezer and dropped in the fryer. Nachos are chips out of a bag, topped with shredded cheese and other toppings and run through the pizza oven. Pizza is by far the best item on the menu. I'd rate it above the big delivery chains, but below any real pizzeria. They don't take American Express, which I always forget. It's one of those places where "interesting" things are always happening, like drunk cougars falling out of their chairs, BUI arrests out on the water, so much fun.
I was shocked, SHOCKED no one had reviewed Helenback! Helenback is a bar and pizza joint on Okaloosa Island, everyone knows where it is, so just ask. It is a great place to get a wide variety of beers and cocktails and some seriously a@@-kickig pizza. You will find everything from boaters (they have a dock) to bikers (they have reserved bike parking up front), to bankers (they must make a ton of money) in this place. It is an experience you really must have if you are in the Destin-Ft  Walton Beach area for more than 12 hours. The pizza is unique, with a garlicky.salty thin crust. I always go for the pepperoni. But, remember pizza doesn't travel well, so eat it there. If you like to find the locals' favorite, this is it for pizza!
Pizza is not good. Service is not good. The bartender was terrible and was not friendly. Even for a dive bar it was bad.
Ok, so I admit I'm slightly biased because I do not drink, and prior to arriving at Helen Back, I hadn't realized it was a bar.  My friend told me he'd had the best pizza in the entire FWB area from Helen Back at lunch, so he wanted me to try it.  Had I known it was a bar, I probably wouldn't have been as disappointed in the "restaurant."  Maybe it's just me, but 50 drunk idiots screaming at TVs just isn't my idea of the perfect ambiance for dinner. Sadly, I thought the Pizza was just blah.  It wasn't quite as bad as Dominos, but not much better.  I'd much rather order delivery pizza than eat this pizza again.  I mean, it wasn't bad, but it's nothing to brag about at all.  Cannot figure out why they're famous for their pizza. The sweet tea was the best part of the experience.  Parking is also HORRIBLE, there are like 5 parking spots for a place that holds 100+ people.  There's an emply gravel lot next door with a giant sign saying helenbacks parking, but then tons of tow away zone signs, and clearly it's like the closed place next door's parking lot.  Our waitress, who admittedly was very nice, said that most people park on the street behind the restaurant.
Loved the pizza and bloody mary's!!!  Our appetizers were horrible. Fun atmosphere.
This is not NY style pizza... I don't think that's what Chris was going for. It taste amazing (no matter what the girl from NY says)! I lived in the area for years and always had a great time at HBs. It was a short distance from where I worked so I've enjoyed many a happy hour and "afternoon teas" here! : ) One of my favorite places to solve the world's problems!! I always order a large pizza... even if I'm by myself because "pizza omlettes" are amazing the next morning (yes, I said pizza omlettes)!!
A divey, biker bar with awesome pizza!!! Bands play on certain nights.  Laid back, chill atmosphere.
Outstanding pizza, great selection of beer & hot women! This place has a great atmosphere to boot. I like to sit out on the deck and watch boats pull up. It's nice. They have shirts and stuff you can purchase as well for a fair price. The pizza though... it is delicious. Good selection of toppings (although no bacon, just Canadian bacon). They have over 50 beers including Pauliner Hefeweissen and for me that is a great summer beer. If you are in the area, I highly, highly recommend this place. It doesn't matter if you want some damn good pizza, a cold beer or just to look at beautiful women. This is the place.
The outside patio is a great place to eat and share great company. The staff is rather slow but that seems to be a trend in most of the restaurants we have visited. The pizza is very good.
If I had one word to describe this place, I would have to pick, Superawesome!  The pizza is AMAZING, and there are so many activities.  One of my favorite hangouts!
Some of the best pizza in the area, no doubt about it. It's on the water, so it's always nice to sit outside & watch the boats go by. There are boat slips, so it's easy to get to from the water. The only problem that I have with it is that it's primarily a bar, so no ban on smoking.  It's okay to bring the kids during the day, but not at night obviously.
Having been out of the FWB area for a while, I didn't know that Helen Back was one of "the" new places to go in the area (party barge at Crab Island?  LOVE IT!).  Finally got to go there last week and was pretty impressed.  Love the atmosphere, got good service, drank good beer, and enjoyed a great view.  Didn't try the pizza, but I'll give 'er a whirl when I go back.
Great place to go to right on the island! Fun atmosphere and sometimes great live music. Servers/Bartenders can be a little on the snobby side but you really come here for the food and fun! Great place especially if you're in walking distance!
Best pizza on the island!  Wonderful nachos!
Service is horrible. I was there for lunch recently and waited from 11:00 to 11:20 and no one waited on me. Got up and walked out. Sad considering there was hardly anyone in the place. The pizza is very good here, but I would only recommend the place for carry out. Weekend service can be spotty as well.I have had just too many bad experiences here recently. Last time I went on a weekend it took 50 minutes to get my pizza. Enough is enough. Not going back. Seems this place went downhill after they opened up another location in the airport.
Had a good time at Helen back. Took the family including kids there on a Monday night which was Military eat free night .. It was packed with the 20 something crowd who all seemed to be smoking, which was a negative. We had a great table on the deck overlooking the water. Service was slow but not for lack of hustle, our waitress just had a large section to cover and she did good. Pizza and nachos were great and overall we had a really good time.
Awful place.
Nasty!!! That is the best one word description of this place.  Ordered pizza took almost 40 min to get, the server had attitude, drinks were weak, when we got the pizza it was under cooked and mushy.  No thanks never agian.
