I wish that Yelp had negative star ratings because that's what this place deserves..I have been to Sports Bars from Miami to Maine and Los Angeles to Orlando and can honestly say it's the worst one I have ever been to...The Owner and Management clearly have never been in the restaurant or bar business before because it's so obvious no one has a clue what they are doing here...my guess is the owner inherited about 500K and decided to open a bar because he thought it would be fun...then with that 500K he spent it all on TV's and The Sound System and then did not spend one cent on space design..menu planning or drinks..it reminds me of one of those fake towns The US Government used to build in the deserts to fool the Russians during The Cold War that consisted of only a store front or home front and there was nothing behind the walls except empty space..this place has beautiful TV's on every inch of wall space; but the cavernous floor space has nothing but some tables scattered around so that even when it's empty it's hard to hear cause every bit of sound just bounces off the hard floors and walls..it's like a massive barn..on a NFL Sunday or College Saturday it's got to be louder in there than a Def Leppard Concert on The Pyromania Tour..was not eating that night but I glanced at a menu and on the front it had all the standard sports bar stuff like wings..burgers.chicken tenders..etc...but then on the back it had steaks..fish dinners...surf and turf..etc all approaching 30 dollars a plate..the menu is more schizophrenic than Brian Wilson....after about a 5 minute wait even though I was the only one at the bar I asked for the beer list..unbelievably the only 4 drafts they had were Bud Light..Miller Lite..Coors Light..and Yuengling...than in bottles they had Bud Light..Miller Lite..Coors Light..and Yuengling again; then I think they also had Corona and Heineken....ummm people 1984 called and thinks your beer list is boring...clearly they don't realize the Craft Beer Business is the only segment of the beer industry that is growing..at this point I am exasperated and I ask the girl "do you have any good beer?"...she says I think we may have a few bottles of Sweetwater 400 left..I was about to tell her ya mean Sweetwater 420?...but then a thought occurred to me that if and when the fine folks at Sweetwater mess up a batch of 420 they might call it Sweetwater 400 and send it to shitty bars like this one...it was really a 420; and as I sat there drinking it thinking man this place really sucks it actually got worse..I had that Animal House Moment where Bluto runs into the Dean's Office and sees the horse is dead and then just starts saying "Holy Shit" every few seconds....I turned to my left as the girl was pouring a draft beer and she was pouring it into a STYROFOAM CUP!!..I have never seen a bar anywhere in the world that uses Styrofoam Cups for beer...hell even when we were broke ass college students struggling to round up 35 bucks for a Keg of Busch or Meister Brau we would spend the extra buck for red plastic solo cups...this sight literally scarred me so bad I almost started screaming like Drew Barrymore in the opening scene of Scream...needless to say I will never be back and like the many other places that have formerly been in this jinxed space Luxe will suffer the same fate as them and that horse in Animal House
This place is right by my house and this is the first time I've been here. I have to say I was very impressed when I walked in. It's a very nice open space with plenty of TVs and nice furniture. The service was not that great. I will cut them a little slack because there was a large party there and most of the seats at the bar were full. It took forever to get a drink and then some drinks were coming out and others weren't. Some friends met me there and ordered food at the same time as their drinks and they got the food first. Also, a friend ordered a vodka gimlet and the bartender didn't know what it was and told the waiter "it's not in the computer" so they couldn't make it. My friends said the food was so so, nothing special.  The band was very good and played a number if 90s hiphop/R&B hits which was cool. I would likely go back and try it again for a football Sunday but probably not on a Friday evening again. The name is a good description for the actual space but not the concept or service.
Big fan of the Carolina gold wings.  Good specials for sporting events.  great place to watch the game
So I went to this place to watch the FSU vs Auburn game and I have to say that the staff was the most understanding and enthusiastic group I've ever met. The manager was also very cordial and I look forward to visiting again.
Give this place a chance. The atmosphere is swank, there are plenty of TV's and it's the un-diviest (is that a word?) bar in FWB. They have plenty of seating with both high tops and low, lots of bar stools, and private booths in the corner by the window, very Vegas-y. You can tell they invested a lot of money in the decor. The food isn't bad. Had the wings which were crispy on the outside, succulent on the inside. My salad was fresh and had veggies other than lettuce and tomato on it (see previous reviews on my annoyance with what the south calls "salad"). The hubby had the fish tacos, which were pretty standard. They didn't have fresh guac on them though (you can tell it was from a package). The waitstaff was new, so I am not faulting the place on that...hey, you gotta start somewhere. I fully expect this place to be busy during football season as there isn't a bad place to sit. You will always be in view of the game you wantto watch (too bad ladies softball was the only thing interesting when we were there). Don't let this place fail...I need a cool place to watch the games come football season!
Great place to come and chill! Service is amazing and so is the food! The wings are huge and juicy! You definitely get your money's worth these!!! My husband and I shared a 20 piece and could not finish them!!! The drinks are made to perfection! And of coarse you get to watch sports and whatever you request in the huge awesome TVS!!! And there is an awesome lounge area where you can relax and sit back with friends!!! Have a good time it's worth the money!!!
Glad they opened early for World Cup, but on the months it's been since I've been here they still they've only added one "craft" beer (Andy Gator).  They menu was also updated, but the food is still only ok... And they're out of lettuce?  How's that possible, go to the store, duh! With the great local beer (everyone seems to have something from Pensacola) around here it's sad to see such crappy national chain (Budweiser) beer dominate the taps in a bar with as much money in development as Luxe. Probably another few months until we come back, will continue to stick with BW3s, reluctantly. Luxe, add some better beer already!  Save us from these other crappy bars.  Also, get in you're groove already, you've been open too long for your lettuce supplier to hold you back.
Worst service I've ever received. Completely under staffed. Sat at our for 25 minutes without a waitress coming over then proceeded to never come over again. Someone in my party had to go over and grab our drinks since they were sitting on the bar for so long. The manager was a great guy though and tried to make up for the extremely poor service given by out waitress
This place is empty every time we go by, so I figured we'd see what that's all about.  The place is huge and looks like it has a lot of potential.  With dozens of TVs, I bet this place is packed on game day. Service was great, but there was only one other table occupied when we went in.   The food was good but not great.  I thought it was a little overpriced for what we got, but not horrendously so. Terrible beer selection.  The place is clearly a bar, and it looks like they're trying to be fairly upscale.  Yet they only had a couple of low-end beers on draft and a few forgettable bottles. Might be worth a stop to watch the game, but make sure to pregame elsewhere.
Our server, Erica, was very sweet and attentive. She was the highlight of our visit. The decor...I thought I was in a casino with no slot machines. Lots and lots of seating and televisions. Half the town could be there watching 15 different games. The food was okay but nothing interesting. Typical sports bar. The beer selection was hilariously bad, but Scott's review had prepared us for that. Can't comment on mixed drinks, because we didn't try any. Good luck to them! It's a tough business.
Come down and see Juan! He is a fabulous Bartender/Chef and really knows his stuff. He has 20 years of experience in the restaurant hospitality industry and very down to earth.
Nice looking bar with lots of tvs in HD, but the service sucks! What was supposed to be an hour at most, turned out to be a 2 hr ordeal ordering alcohol, appetizers, and our main entree.  Alcohol just sat there at the bar, but the place looks nice.
Not that much beer selection given the local competition but the game selections are incredible! The food is not that bad either.
Don't ever order the pizza nasty pita bread not cooked all the way and no flavor!!! OJ is gas station OJ and the cheap stuff!! I would never go back this place needs major upgrades!!!!!
Service was slow and food was cold. The food was good, it just would have been a lot better if it was served hot!!!! And the restaurant was not even half full but finding our waiter was like finding a needle in a haystack.
Had seen this place and noticed it always seemed to be empty. Decided to give it a shot. Huge place with tons of tvs and screens. Draft beer selection was pretty crappy for such a big place. Best thing they had was Fat Tire- everything else was the typical stuff. Food was good, but a little overpriced for a sports bar. I would try it again, but would rather go somewhere like Tap Works right down the strip that has a much better draft beer selection. Heard they do all you can eat boneless wings on Wednesdays for like 13 bucks so that might be worth a shot one day.
I love this place! Beautiful interior, great staff and great menu. Bacon cheeseburger one of the best I've ever had. Great sweet potato fries.
Not a great time the staff was friendly and trying to make the best of a hectic night, but the bartenders were arguing amongst each other. It took over an hour to get a table. And the food was ok. I'm hoping the best for this place but they just need to get it together.
Went to watch FB today. Good service by Tom, boneless wings were good. Very good cob salad, wife had the club salad and enjoyed. I would go back again, very nice decor and if you want to watch a game they have it!
Well designed new place. Nothing really awesome, but great for the area!  Beer selection wasn't huge, but the food was good.  Give it a chance and hopefully it will continue to improve (based on the two previous reviews).  Oh, there is a happy hour as well!
