Wow.  The renovation is terrific.   I've been here a number of times since it reopened.  Seeing movies.  Attending events.  Enjoying music.   The new seats are bigger, offer more legroom and have cup holders.   Never mind they have cushions from this century.  Overall they are much more comfortable.   The ceiling murals have been cleaned and are better lit, allowing for much nicer views looking up.   Raphael Beck was the artist of the murals.  He also worked on the PanAm Exhibition.  They had to clean the murals of dust, but also smoke damage from those days you could smoke at the movies.   The painting above the screen is now visible again as well.  Cleaned and restored to its former beauty.  This is the only painting Beck ever used this subject matter, paint colors etc.  It's a very significant piece according to art historians.   You can now see them fully.  Well worth the entry price alone.   There are some of the older seats as well towards yen front, which were installed the same day Hitler invaded Poland.  Little trivia for you.   Fabric on the walls make the acoustics here terrific.   The screen has been fixed, no more hole.  They have gone digital.  New sound system as well.  State of the art. Water damage throughout the theater has been fixed.  No more water stains.   Summer 2014 they are doing lots of series of movies:  kids, soccer, Italian themes so far scheduled.  Soccer to coincide with the World Cup, Italian to pair with the Italian  Festival etc.   They remain an art house cinema.  Great independent movies.  Reasonable prices.  Discount Tue.  FABULOUS popcorn.   Parking remains a challenge on Hertle but the side streets usually provide a spot nearby.  There are disabled spots on Hertle for those who need them. Come check out the old/new North Park.
Theater looks great now. Still some work to go, but in time, I'm sure. Only complaint was the acoustics...difficult to make out the dialog at times. May have just been the movie...may have to update my review
This is a fabulously restored movie theater in North Buffalo.  They play mostly "Arts Films" but they have been playing family classic matinees - I took my daughter to see E.T. it was an awesome experience in what has to be Buffalo's largest movie Theater ( although it is a single screen theater - not a multiplex)
My review is pretty similar to many of the others. The renovations are gorgeous and the theatre is huge. My only complaint (which isn't a big deal and didn't ruin my experience at all) would be because of how large the theatre is, the sound echoes a bit.
Beautiful full renovation - well - restoration - with wide, comfortable new seats with leg room! My previous review was in regards to Dipson's operation here. I don't live in Buffalo any longer but did visit the "new" North Park in April and it was a great experience - sharp digital presentation, good sound, new seats, carpets, and concession area along. The programing too is more daring than Dipson with the kinds of films you'd normally have to seek out at Film Forum. I saw a Georgian family drama here and it had a decent sized audience for this kind of movie. I hope they find their programing niche and the community supports the place (they also do family friendly afternoon shows and other programing). Excellent experience - while I love art house flicks, this theater with its huge screen would be the place to see a Hollywood action or an epic. Odd the largest commercial theater with a biggest non-IMAX screen in the region shows art flicks - but they've been getting some good ones. Rochester should be jealous!
I love this theatre.  It's old-timey and wonderful and everyone must go.  It wins Best Theatre every year in the Artvoice Best of Buffalo contest. It's one screen and they run one movie at a time, usually for about two weeks but sometimes longer.  While they have traditionally had more obscure movies, they have been mixing it up the past couple of years by showing popular movies as well as independent film festival favorites. Discounted tickets on Tuesdays and half price concessions.  The concession stand is in the back of the theatre, not in the lobby, and serve popcorn with real butter (sorry vegans).  You get a real paper tear off ticket, like a raffle ticket, and the place is just adorable.  There have a little booth in the center of the lobby where you buy your ticket. Sadly, the theatre will be closing in two weeks. Get there while you can. Dipson has done some other restructuring lately, including turning the McKinley Mall location into a second- run cheap show.
I absolutely loved this place! Went here on a date this past Sunday and saw Anna Karenina; was great to see such a cool local Theater playing this Tolstoy masterpiece! Right after coming in, you immediately notice how different it feels as compared to the Regal cinema's all over the place, this is much more intimate and old school. First of all, you buy your ticket from a single guy up front and get a "raffle ticket" in return before you enter the main atrium where the snacks and Theater is. Prices may be a little lower than usual for the movie ticket, while expect to pay typical movie theater prices for snacks (but you do get fifty cents for showing them your AAA card!) If you happen to be a man, you'll have to go up quite a few flights of stairs to get to the bathroom, but since you'll be in wonder and awe of the building it won't be that big of a deal (unless you really have to go!) The movie is shown on traditional reels and is not digital, which may bring back some nostalgia and love it or hate it, it's there. I come here to support local movie Theater's and see a great movie that may be on a limited release. If you've lived in Buffalo and haven't made it out to the North Park yet, you're missin' out!
The antithesis of Regal Cinema ... if you're looking for comfortable seats, a huge snack bar and multiple screens with pounding sound systems, this is NOT your theater.  HOWEVER, if you're looking to experience a step back in time, warm and friendly service while seeing one of the best current indie films , then this IS your theater. North Park Theatre is truly a historic gem in Buffalo.  From the marquee, to the small one-person ticket booth, to the high-ceiling and ornate fixtures, this is a Buffalo classic.  Any true "Buffalonian" must experience this theater. They play great films, not the huge "Blockbusters," but the more critically acclaimed independent films.
What a charming place. It's so big and old fashioned inside it gets a bit eerie, but luckily there was a very friendly older gentleman at the ticket booth. The seats aren't exactly as comfy as a brand new theater but this place is all about the charm, and they play movies that might not otherwise come to the area. I came to see Like Crazy while it was there and can't wait to go back. Also loved that the refreshments stand is inside the theater so you never miss a moment of the movie! They also have specials on snacks and tickets on Tuesdays!
Going to this movie theatre is like stepping back in time. It really makes going out to a movie an event. The seats can become uncomfortable, but they're manageable and detract little from the experience.
Great historic landmark of North Buffalo. Charming. While you sit in the seat watching your film, imagine what it was like for children watching nickelodeons and news reels of the wars.
I love it here. I try to plan a movie date here with anyone who visits me in Buffalo. I don't even know how to describe why they must go but I try. New Yorkers are intrigued when I say there's almost no one else there. I tell visiting Montrealers it's the old Cinema V. It's huge, it's charming, it's the run down real thing, not plastic made to look old. The movies don't turn over quite quickly enough, I appreciate the languid pace but I want to see everything there, which is easy to have done that when the same movie isthere for months. Does it just seem like months? My husband and I ponder how it stays open, and then we think, let the mystery be.
My partner and I went here for a date night it was absolutely charming! Unknown to us, we went there on a Tuesday, which is $7 days with half price concessions so it's a great reason to get out to the theatre. The atmosphere is a step back in time with the old ticket booth in front, the wood work. the details everywhere, and the real "theatre" feel. I'm completely captivated by this theater and it's a must visit in Buffalo!
To escape the heat over the weekend, I took myself to the movies to see Hysteria. I was greeted by the charming older gentleman at the ticket booth who handed you a ticket with a smile. Inside, I was in awe of the frosted dark green light fixtures and tucked away concession stand. There was ample seating -- given this was a mid-afternoon show -- and I wish I could've lived in Buffalo at a time when seats would've been packed.
Love this place. Used ot go there all the time when I lived in Buffalo. Saw my first Coen Bros movie there...Blood Simple.  Nice old theater  in an area which used to be kinda dodgy but seems to have improved.
What an incredible building! This movie theater is historic and charming and amazing. It really makes movie going an experience. The ceilings are incredibly high and have beautiful ornate murals. The best part? A refreshment stand RIGHT IN the theater where the film is shown so you can get up, get snacks and not miss any of the movie. So OLD SKOOL and adorable. If you've never been here before, check it out. The seats are not too comfortable but it's a small con in a sea of pros.
I'm surprised to be writing the first review of the Northpark Theatre -- an arthouse establishment -- because this is a movie-lover's dream setting.  This movie house was built in 1920 and very little has really changed during that time.  The auditorium has red velvet walls and a five-panel recessed dome with painted murals in the ceiling.  The exterior marquee hangs over the sidewalk and is festooned with tiny bulbs.  This place is from an analog age of wind-up clocks, fedoras, fake pearls and shoe-shine men waiting outside.  It's all a bit worn at the edges -- well, maybe even beyond the edges, but that's part of the charm.  I'll argue that the Northpark may be the best house in the country to see a film except, perhaps, the Paris Theatre on 58th Street in New York City.  You can't experience the real Buffalo without spending an evening here.  This place is frozen in time and you can feel it the moment you walk in the door.
As good as going to an avant garde theatre gets!! Used to go here all the time when I still live in Buffalo. They got the best of artsy flicks, I saw Orlando, Clerks, The Madness of King George & several others when they all premiered. The place exudes class.
