I'm giving this place a 5 Star rating...simply because this place gives me lots of good memories of my military days and bringing my little bambeezy's here when they were newborns. If you're used to big city malls, designer stores...etc...don't expect too much. It's a very basic mall for a small town, who's population is probably 90% military, 5% retired military, 5% civilian. But a majority of the people are super NICE. Good ol southern comfort hospitality. I was so used to the West Coast snobs, I almost didn't know how to react to kindness hahaha!! This is a place where people remember your faces and know your names.   For a couple years I was a Stay-At-Home military wife and would bring the kids to this mall to kill time. Lots of activities during the holidays. I would either go to this mall or Pensacola Mall (which is bigger)
Pretty depressing mall.  Every time I come here it is completely dead.  I feel so awkward going into stores because the employees flock to me immediately.  I am not sure how they stay in business, particularly FYE.  Who buys DVDs or CD's anymore?  The food court is sad.  At least they have a bubble tea place, that's pretty cool I guess.  One of the anchor stores, Belk I think, is closed.  It's so eerie and weird walking toward that side of the mall.  There's a United Artists theater in the mall grounds, not attached to the mall.  And that sucks as well.  Very small and in some serious need of being upgraded. Also they have a Brow 23.  I pretty much only come to this mall to go to Brow 23.  Thankfully it's right by the main entrance.
Are malls dying?  I mean, this isn't the 80's anymore, where the only place you went to buy anything was the mall.  Record stores and stand-up arcades are almost a thing of the past.  With that in mind, this mall is hanging on by a tenuous thread. If you walk in the Main East Entrance, the first four of five shops are some kind of salon.  Oops.  As you continue to walk, you'll see the skeletal entrances of closed storefronts staring gloomily back at you.  The food court is only at partial operating capacity (I mean that the eating joints have shut down) and the anchor businesses are leaving, one by one. The overall effect is a sense of depressed wandering through the halls of half-piqued Capitalism.  You still have a few interesting stores that you visit once or twice a year, but overall this place doesn't seem to be doing much.  Then again, I haven't been in here after sundown or on a weekend in half a decade; maybe it's still a go-to spot for angst-filled teenagers to go and be bothersome. I'm sorry my language isn't more upbeat, I feel like I just left a casino where nobody wins.
Just happen to find this mall because of yelp on one of my days of exploring the local area. Yes, the mall has that going out of business feel IF you come in through the back like I did, It does have a few key stores that the teens will come and spend their money at but overall its a ok mall. I am excited to see that they have a Great Steak & Potato Company in the food court since its one of those things I had as a kid in the bay area. It's not a bad mall and it is surrounded by a few other stores in the neighborhood.
Just stopped by here for the food court. Only has like 5 small restaurants and none were all too great. My suggestion: go elsewhere for lunch!
Reviewers need to readjust their expectations before hating on this mall so much. Fort Walton Beach is a small touristy place, it's not a metropolis and the size of the mall reflects this. It does not have a 'going out of business' feel like some have suggested, it's just a small town mall where you can go to kill a few hours or buy basics or retro stuff. The plus side for guys is that there are as many shops for dudes as there  are for dudettes. There is also a cinema in the same location if you fancy it (pricey for the area though in my opinion). Overall not a bad place to spend an afternoon. Just remember; you're in FWB, not NYC.
I've been in much bigger malls, but this one was decent enough I guess. There's not that many stores to choose from, but it wasn't too bad. Practically everything you need without the glamor. I do like the fact that they have a big FYE store though and a Toy's R US :)
Seriously? This mall makes me feel like running to the doctor and asking for a script for strong antidepressants.  I don't know what it is, but it just feels like the entire country's economy can be felt with a stroll thru that venue.   Now I'm not one for the rumble of  thug teens in trenchcoats loitering at the entrances or gimungous cinemas with the look of Vegas, but there are Galleria malls with some elegance and skylights that speckle sunlight throughout that just make it less mall-ey and more 'community'.  That's what I'd love to see here, instead of that weird quietness and dead-end routes that make you feel like the few places left in there are circling the drain.   To be fair, I understand we're in a town that would all but evaporate if the military weren't here, and people are always getting PCS'd in and out, so I'm sure that has an impact.  But for what's there, even the shopkeepersaren't very welcoming.  Case in point: Just a few days ago, Halloween, at least three stores who were participating in the trick or treating turned my 5 year old away when she gleefully asked "Trick or Treat?"...Why? Because, they snapped,  the trick or treating started at 4pm, and it was 3:47.  God forbid they give out a piece of candy too soon. And call me a killjoy, but I was somewhat alarmed to see a too-old-for-trick-or-treating teenager in military gear toting a rifle in the mall.  Yea, I know the little orange thing on the end is supposed to make me feel safe, but you know what?  It doesn't.  Anyone can snap a little piece of orange plastic on the end of a weapon to disguise it.  The management should have not allowed weapons in the mall - we brought our little ones there as a safe Halloween option, and not bringing  weapons to the mall is a no-brainer. We want to be scared on Halloween, but not THAT scared. Anyhow, I don't know if they still have the pet store in there or not, but I can't support that, either.  There's no excuse for pet stores when there are millions of homeless animals in shelters. That's my two cents.
I have been to this mall quite a few times. It's an average sized mall and it has the basic stores that a mall should have. Because it is in a small town area, it does lack a few designer stores, but the major department stores make up for it. It has Dillards, which is my mom's favorite department store and JCPenny's.
