We purchased this attraction as part of our Adventure Pass so I really didn't know what to expect. I'd describe this to be more of a nature lover type activity. The class 6 white waters are definitely worthwhile to experience from afar! Personally, would not be interested in white water rafting these waters... considering its intensity. Our family really enjoyed the experience of learning of dare devils who have braved these waters and laughing through why they would put their pets through this experience with them. I would recommend this activity for anyone who loves the outdoors and self guided tours.
I've never been up close with Class VI rapids, so this will probably be the only time (by choice) that I'll ever see stuff like this.  Unless you're an adrenaline junkie that loves white water rafting.  You won't see any rafters on these waters though since it's the most dangerous classification out there. The White Water Walk came with my Adventure Pass for Niagara Falls.  It's a bit out of the way, so your best bet is to take the WEGO buses that come with your pass.   I guess I was expecting more from this walk (the brochure sounded a lot more exciting), but it was still pretty neat to see.  It's tucked away, so you don't actually see it from street level.  You have to take an old elevator down from within the storefront then walk a long dank tunnel.  There's pretty neat history posted on the walls about thrillseekers back in the day who have survived or perished as they attempted to ride or swim these rapids.  The rest of the tour is really a self-paced walk along a boardwalk.  It's quite lovely.   If you drive there, there's free parking which is nice since you have to pay for parking at all the other Falls attractions.  I wasn't sure if this venue was one you'd get wet at, but in actuality, you'll stay dry (unless it's raining of course).   If you're American, you're close enough to American cellphone towers that you'll actually get phone reception.  Just remember to turn off data/roaming once you leave that area so you don't incur any charges.
Pit stop biking up Niagara parkway.  Its ok but similar views along the trail just not as close and might require some hiking.
Like others have posted, we didn't know about this walk along the rapids except for the fact that it was included in our adventure pass. We really enjoyed the walk and it was oddly calming to be standing next to class 6 rapids. I recommend this to those who enjoy being in nature and just want to be close to the water and to see the river from the canyon floor. Also, we did try to walk from the falls and ended up taking the bus from on of the stops. It is about 4 or 5 miles and if we hadn't walked so much the day before it would have been fine. Anyway, I suggest taking the bus.
It was nice to see the category six rapids, if you stop and watch it the speed of the rushing water is impressive. We probably wouldn't have done it if not part of the package. The store access in and out of the elevator is congested and annoying. They need to reorganize that. Once you're down, however, it is a nice sunny spot with a peaceful walk along the water. Several good photo opportunities.
If you are coming from the direction of Maid of the Mist.. PLEASE I STRONGLY URGE YOU, DO NOT WALK HERE! I was going to take the we go bus, but it was a quite a wait & my stupid fiance said, hey lets just walk there. BIG MISTAKE!!!! He never heard me curse so much. 2 WEGO buses passed us during the time frame of our stupid tiring walk. ALSO, when we got there, turned out there is FREE PARKING!!!!!!!!! ARGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!! The wait was a while to go down because we got stuck in line just when people hopped off the WEGO bus. BATHROOM is across the street!! Go first because there is no bathroom down below! There is only 1 elevator to get down, so that is why the wait time is a bit longer. Once you get to the rapids, it is a beauty. It is a nice little walk, probably max of 15 minutes. WEGO BUS SYSTEM SUPER CROWDED. IF YOU DRIVE, DRIVE HERE! DON'T GET STUCK WITH EVERYONE ELSE WHO DECIDED TO TAKE THE BUS. SUPER CROWDED. REMEMBER, DON'T WALK HERE unless you are a marathon runner and you like to walk/run miles regardless. I suffered just getting here, only for a 15 min. walk, and then had to get back to hotel on a bus that suffocated me.
I am also among the yelpers that have not heard of this attraction until I saw it included on the Adventure Pass. I'm glad it was on the Pass because I don't think I would have made the trip to visit it otherwise, and would have really missed out.  Your enjoyment may depend on when you go...earlier in the morning when there aren't as many people on the walk is probably the best. I went on a Monday at 11am and there was a short wait and few people. This isn't a thrill ride, but it is a beautiful, peaceful, relaxing way to observe, feel and truly appreciate the beauty, the power, and intensity of the rapids.  Though they are certainly violent in the way they smack the rocks, something about them is also very calming.  Great way to begin a day, or conclude a trip to Niagara Falls.
It is a nice little add on to the Adventure Pass and a good place to take a few more photos for the scrapbookers, but it is not a must see. We had no issues with the WEGO or crowds, but probably would have had we gone the day after we did. I would probably avoid it on weekends and holidays.
This attraction is pretty worthless. The only reason I went is because it was included in a combination ticket I bought. Perhaps it might be more interesting somewhere else, but after seeing the beauty of the falls, there's no reason to go here. This is the set-up: you arrive, take an elevator down to a boardwalk by the river, walk around a bit, and go back up to the top. If you really stretch it out, the whole process could maybe take up half an hour. If you're thinking the combo-ticket sounds like a good deal, don't bother. Just pay to get on the Maid of the Mist, and save your time and money on seeing anything else.
This is a nice little scenic walk along the rapids. It gives an upclose view of what people do when they go white water rafting. There is nothing to do other than see the rapids up close. Nothing much to really say about it other than "Look a river!" Do not attempt to walk to here. It is 9 km from Niagara Falls. You need to either drive or take the WeGo bus. Parking is free!
This is a simple walk along the edge of the Niagara River. As they say on the site "At White Water Walk, you'll ride an elevator down 70 meters, then walk along a tunnel that is 73 meters long. The Boardwalk beside the rapids is 305 metres (1,000 feet or  mile) and stairs lead to two observation areas at the edge of the River" It is a Class 6 Rapids so it is very cool to see, especially in summer when there is 3 times as much water flowing. Well worth the time and it is included with the Adventurers pass.
Like many others, we went because it was included in our Adventure Pass and I'm glad we did!  After spending a full day at the Falls the day before, with crowds and lines, White Water Walk was a great way to start the day. By going earlier, there was no line and we could appreciate the beauty (and power!) of the river without sharing the space with so many others. If you bought the Adventure Pass, don't skip this attraction as part of it.
I really liked the White Water Walk, and found it to be a nice and interesting complement to the greater Niagara Falls experience. Sure, after seeing the magnificence of the Falls themselves it may seem a little lacking in, what, power?  But when you look at all that water rushing, no -- racing -- past a mere one or two meters away from you, and consider what it would be like to be in the middle of it, that it had just a few minutes earlier rushed over the Falls themselves...  Quite an impression if you ask me. Note that the Walk is indeed located quite a distance from the Falls and the edge of the town proper, although you can walk here from town (I did, but it took me about an hour to do so leisurely).  Grab the people mover instead.  The actual Walk itself isn't nearly as long as I thought it would be.  But from beginning to end you are never near sedate water -- it's all rushing roaring and in some places rowling white water down at the bottom of a rock canyon.  Thrill-seeking white water rafters I'm sure will view it with their mouths watering to dive right in.  I made do with mountains of photos taken while walking up & down the walk itself 2-3 three times before leaving, often just standing there and enjoying the power of it all.  I was very glad I made the trip to see it all.
It's a nice walk. We wouldn't have done it if we hadn't bought the Adventure Pass. Glad we did it! If you have problems walking its not for you.  There is a look out before the walk but its not worth the cost if you don't do the walk.
So, it is cool to walk alongside the river and watch the massive class 6 rapids, but it is worth paying for?  My initial response would be no, but after reconsidering what a tourist is really doing in Niagara Falls, I have to say yes, you are there to see the water.  The river walk is a short path that runs along the Canadian side and puts you within feet of the water.  I can't imagine that they would let anyone walk down there after a hard rain, because the path is probably below the water.  The gift shop is seriously lacking and it is far away from the other attractions, so make sure you take the bus and buy your gifts before you get there.
My husband and I did this on our honeymoon, before it became part of the attraction combo pass. It was a lot more fun then because it wasn't nearly as crowded. If you can get in when there isn't a line, it's worth it to see how amazing nature is. If you have to wait in a long line, you will be disappointed.
My 8 year old was bored!  It was neat to see the category 6 rapids up close, but a disappointing attraction.
this was nice. it was bit up from the rest of the attractions. basically a boardwalk along the class 6 rapids. nice calming place for a stroll! across was the Buddhist temple that I really wanted to check out but the people mover came and we were on a time frame!!
