Let me start off by saying that I have been doing Crossfit for many years at many boxes, I have found very  few that have the sense of pride and community that I have experienced in the short time I have been coming here. The coaches have a vested interest in your progress, and are genuinely happy when you hit a new PR. More often than not, I have found that the people who frequent the box can make or break your experience in said box. Well, the people that this place attracts are pretty great, and they make going to class everyday fun and entertaining. This box has the kind of small-community feel that many people desire. the owners are more concerned with providing a quality experience than flecing everyone who walks through the door, which is a rarity in this day and age of get rich quick schemes, and multiple franchise boxes. In response to the one dissenter on this yelp page(you know who you are), I'm not going to attack anyone, though I will say that your expectations seem to be out of context for what a Crossfit gym is. This isn't Planet Fitness or Anytime Fitness. This isn't a place that is open 24/7. Crossfit, by nature, is a highly specialized fitness regimen that requires proper form and adequate coaching. If you want to go to a gym at 1600 on a Saturday and wave a key fob in front of a doorway to enter, I've got a 10 dollar a month subscription plan with your name on it.
Tried this place on a whim.  Since they close so early and their weekend hours are so bad, I couldn't continue going to this location.  Everything seemed fine at first.  I even mentioned to them that I was trying their location because of their positive Yelp reviews. After I cancelled, I received this message on Yelp from "Jenna O" (admins, feel free to look at my message history to verify this): "I see you have no friends on Yelp. There's probably a reason for this. Who thinks Jimmy W. is a fat, lazy, piece of sh**???? I do I do!   I can smell the lard on your breath.  Easy on the donut hole. If you actually got there early enough you'd get some nice calorie filled delicious pastries." If you research this location, you'll see that Crossfit Above the Bar is owned by "Jenna Oliver".   You'll also see that a person named "Jenna O"  has left multiple fake reviews for this place pretending to be a regular user, which Yelp has thankfully filtered out as being spam.   The positive reviews for this place are immediately suspect (especially because most of them only have one review, for this place).   I have no explanation for her infatuation with the Donut Hole or why she decided to associate me with donuts. The people that own this place are crazy.  In person, the place was fine.  It wasn't until I cancelled that they turned into rabid dogs.  At the very least, do not mention that you came here because of Yelp.  Stay away at all costs unless you want people smiling to your face while sending you harassing Yelp messages as soon as you leave.
This box is legit. Thanks to CATB (Jack, Rocky and the dogs!) for an amazing experience. Great coaching, atmosphere, instruction and fellow CrossFitters. Highly recommend.
I have been doing Crossfit for a couple of years now at various boxes.  This one is by far the best I have been in.  The classes are small and the coaches take the time to make sure you are doing the movements correctly and efficiently.  The programming is very good and tough.  They will improve all of your weaknesses with proper instruction.  The atmosphere is very laid back and everyone is friendly.
I moved to Fort Walton Beach from Ohio in November.  I wanted to make the switch from running and bootcamp type classes to Crossfit for forever.  I researched a few places and decided to go with CATB because their classes are small and everyone seemed very friendly!  So far I've been going to classes for about four months and I couldn't be happier.  Grant is awesome and he truly takes the time to ensure you are doing things correctly and his programming is great!  No 5 minute workouts here that's for sure. He uses the entire hour for mobility, skill work and a great crazy workout.  I would love it if it stayed small, but I am sure they will grow because they definitely deserve it.
I started Crossfit for my first time ever in my life right after having my son. I needed something that could push me to lose that baby fat. I looked into Crossfit and thought it be perfect. I also checked the local Crossfit gyms and thought Above the Bar was perfect. From the beginning the owner jack was awesome. Very laid back easy to talk to and helpful with all the questions I had. Their schedule is great and the classes are small. Which meant more focus on individual time. The coaches are so great!!!! They help to improve what you need to do without being judge mental. Everyone who works their makes you feel at ease and comfortable. I'm happy I got to experience Crossfit with everyone from above the bar. Don't look anywhere else but here.
I've been CrossFitting for over a year and just moved to Fort Walton Beach from the San Francisco Bay Area. After some research of various CF boxes in the area, I chose to become a member at CrossFit Above the Bar. After going to a full week of classes, I already know I made a great decision! The coaches know what they are doing and the members are very friendly. Their class sizes are small, which means you will get much more personal attention from coaches and improve quickly. The coaches take time to scale or substitute movements in workouts for you, if needed. I'm excited to continue to workout here and see how much I learn. I'm confident that this is the best box in the area!
I've been a Crossfitter for a couple of years.. This is a great gym that's specializes in working with small group classes to ensure efficient and safe training.   This is the type of gym for anyone that believes in Crossfit as a community.. Not just a place to workout.
I came into this box as an amateur CrossFitter with an injury (unrelated to workouts). I was welcomed and encouraged from day 1! I cannot do most workouts as RX but the coaches have also helped me scale workouts and even do individual ones for me when needed. I have now been a member for over a year, and I cannot imagine going any where else. The members are encouraging & everyone in the classes stay until the  last person is done, cheering them on the whole time. They are also one of the most affordable CrossFit boxes in the area.
