While the Gulfarium is small (you could easily see all of the exhibits in about an hour...if you take your time), it is an ideal aquarium for toddlers/young children. As other Yelpers have noted, it has enough exhibits to keep the youngsters engaged, but it's not so big that they "tap out" too quickly in the Gulf heat. The dolphin show was rather enjoyable, especially because you could get very, very close to the action by standing around the top of the tank if you didn't want to sit in the bleachers. Another nice aspect of the Gulfarium is that it is well-shaded by trees, awnings, and buildings. My only gripe, and the only thing that is going to keep me from coming back more often, is the price. The adult rate of $20pp ($16pp for FL residents) is a bit steep. I'm sure the cost of running an aquarium is astronomical, but I'd be willing to bet that locals would visit the Gulfarium more frequently if it was just a few dollars cheaper to get in the door. In any event, I'll definitely be back someday.
A little run down and a little small. It is 100 percent no Sea World. However it is perfect for a toddler or anyone under 9 looking for something to do when the little ones grow tired of the beach. My 2 year old loved it. He ran from tank to tank. They have a lot of marine life and frequent shows. No whales, and that's good because this place is too small. Pass on the snow cone, it is flavorless and they ran out of spoons and straws? That equates to a whole lot of mess for mommy. I think it was 4.00.
Nice little acquarium, staff is super friendly, kids can swim with the Dolphins. The time I was there flew by
It is not that much and too expensive. You can do all of these activities in other states cheaper than this place.
Loved the dolphin & sea lion shows, very fun and educational for the kids. Great price for as much as u get to c! Would def go back
Not the biggest, but still an enjoyable aquarium. Ideal for small children because you can see it all before they lose interest. It is mostly outdoors. Good shows featuring sea lions and dolphins.  Other features include: sting rays, penguins, seals, otters, alligators, sharks, and many others. You can exit and renter during the same day - keep your receipt. (We left to eat lunch and returned to spend a little more time there...) Price is a little on the steep side for the size of the aquarium - that said, we have been twice in the last 3 years and will likely return in the future.
My family and I have been to many aquariums all over the world and we all agreed this was by far THE WORST we've ever seen. Only a small handful of things to look at (we went through in about 10 minutes) and the living conditions of the animals were TERRIBLE. So sad to look at! The enclosures are small and provide zero stimulation for the poor animals. No attempt is made at all to make the habitats look somewhat appealing or natural. There wasn't a single plant or toy in any enclosures. We even spoke to the manager after and I suggested the least they could do was throw a beach ball in for the sea lions that are clearly bored to tears (we were too). Seriously save your time and money and do something else than come here!
This was a fun way to spend a few hours. We had a windy day so we headed here. It was smaller than I expected. My kids are 7 and 12 so we were in the high end of ages that it's best for. We only did general admission...did not pay for any of the extra encounters. We saw the sea lion show and dolphin show. My kids both enjoyed the lower level of the dolphin tank where you can watch the dolphins through a window. Don't go in expecting Sea World! It's small but nicely done.
Of course their is no comparison to Sea World but it's a local place that I attended on a field trip as a child in elementary school and now I am taken my 3rd child to experience it on a field trip for them. You can see everything in about 3.5-4 hours they have here if you eat here too. Best time to come is around 9:30am and catch the 10am Dolphin show, 10:30 sea harbour animal chat and 11 sea lion show.  Would not recommend eating the food, over priced and not that good.....   It's better to get some food nearby and take it to the boardwalk and just eat at a covered picnic table in view of the beach!!
One of the coolest places for family on the Emerald Coast!
While it's true it isn't Sea World it is a great marine park in our area. It's best to go early to catch the shows and walk around. It gets crowded (and then there's the heat) as the day goes on. They've recently updated some of the animals homes and moved others around.  I think the animals are happy here. We go very often so we had the pleasure of watching a batch ( think 2 dozen or so) of baby gators grow. They are in a glass enclosure. Depending on the time of day, the sun glaring off the glass can make it hard to see them. The new tortoise area is nice. Easier for all to see their details. The birds are colorful and fun. Our favorite white bird is a hoot! He keeps us laughing and dancing (bobbing heads) with him. The touch area is neat with starfish, conch shells, crabs, etc. And who doesn't like the otters. Adorable! The sea lions and seals seem to like the applause. The dolphins are the best! We never miss an opportunity to wave. Their fish tank is huge and I could seriously grab a coffee, cop a squat and just relax watching them all day. But if you go with little ones, don't expect them to feel the same. ;) They have seahorse, jellyfish and a small octopus too! The food is overpriced but I don't think it's been mentioned that if you buy the icee souvenir cup the refill price is about $2-2.50. Overall, a great place to visit. Just don't rush, a lot to take in.
Pretty nice place.. We went right when it opened so my toddler could get up close and see the animals... Worth the $20/day adult rate... But I wouldn't pay any more then that... It was nice, but nothing spectacular...(I am comparing it to the Atlanta aquarium though...) Also, it is right on the pier and smack dab on the beach so it is fun for a full day adventure (sand play area next to aquarium for the kids...)
My husband and I signed up for their Animal Adventure - and were disappointed. I suppose it could be fun for kids? They advertise it as 'playing with' the animals, but you hardly get to touch them. We paid a total of about 200$ to pet an otter and hold fish on tongs for a turtle? Other than that, it's a nice place to learn about local gulf animals, especially if you're a tourist.
We went to the Gulfarium today with our kids and had a great time! If you go, make sure to check the schedules online for the Dolphin shows and Sea Lion shows .... They were really fun! The dolphins and sea lions do some tricks and the trainers try to educate people about the animals. We also took in a few of the "animal encounters", which are up close interactions with the animals. These cost extra of course, and you need to schedule ahead of time to make sure you get a spot. Although you might get lucky and be abe to get in on the same day. We scheduled ahead online. We did the Seals-and-Sea-Lions, the Otters, and the Stingray swim. They were all so much fun. The kids enjoyed petting the animals, feeding them and learning the hand signals for them to do tricks. The seals and sea lions are sweet, smart and real characters. It was funny watching them interact with the kids and with their trainers. The otters are just plain ADORABLE! And the Stingray swim was so cool - we were able to snorkel with stingrays and small sharks, and feed them and touch them. They are very gentle and sweet little creatures.     Overall, it was a great experience, and I think if you take in the shows, and one or more "animal encounters", you will have a great experience that you'll never forget. We had a blast!      As far as the facility itself, it was very nice. The animals' water and enclosures were crystal clean. Some of the blue paint in the water part of certain enclosures needed repainting, especially the shark and penguin ones, but the water itself was very clean. And yes, it's an older facility, but they've done renovations recently and it's very nice. It's not Sea World - it's a small family run place. I think it does it's thing very well.    One thing that did make a big impact on me, was seeing the love and affection that the trainers have for the animals, and the animals have for their trainers. There is such a bond there. We stayed after to talk with one of the trainers (end of the day) and were able to watch some of the other trainers interacting with their animals, unaware that we were there and watching them, and they interacted in such a loving way with the animals .... they pet them, stroked them, played with them and spoke sweetly to them. And the animals returned the affection. In fact, as we spoke to the one trainer just outside the Sea Lion water enclosure, we watched as two sea lions bobbed around and acted silly just behind her, trying to get her attention. When she turned around their eyes lit up and they started swimming and diving and trying to play with her. She laughed and talked to them and they just were having fun and being silly. We watched another trainer play with them as she ran along the enclosure and the sea lions swam and followed along with her. The animals looked very happy and well cared for, which means a lot.    One of the trainers at the otter enclosure told us about how they change around their environments and introduce new, stimulating things for the otters to enjoy everyday so they don't get bored. It seems like they try hard here to keep the animals healthy and happy.      We will definitely return to the Gulfarium next year when we visit again!
The kids always have a great time here. They really liked the dolphin and sea lion shows. All of the animal trainers are really nice and take time to answer the kids questions. Learn a lot of things and see good shows with the animals there. It's an inexpensive, educational way to pass some time.
Great day with the kids! This is a really fun place to visit....sharks, penguins, sea otters, giant tortoise, alligators,etc. the dolphin show was really fun too! Great place to visit when the weather is bad. Highly suggest it - my kids absolutely LOVED it!
Was good for little kids, but you see everything in 30 minutes, which most of your time spent waiting for the shows and doing your best to avoid the rude people who feel they can invade your space without every blinking an eye of courtesy.
The Gulfarium seemed like a tiny, less crowded Sea World.  They had a dolphin show, sea lion show, and Q&As with the trainers.  There were also habitats of stingrays, seals, penguins, alligators, turtles, various fish, various birds, and (my favorite) otters.  The otters were adorable and energetic, chattering and playing.  Their little antics cracked me up-- especially when the trainer interacted with them.  The trainers were informative, and I liked that they included various conservation facts.  It was a little pricey, but all in all worth a couple of hours.
This was a great treat for a day trip. We enjoyed the shows and seeing the animals. You can get pretty close to the animals and the keepers seem to really love them. This is good for about 3 hours of entertainment. A big portion of the space is outside so may not be great for really hot weather.
If you are in destin you have to go here.  I had a great time.  there is 3 main shows but they have other exhibits like penguins, sharks, birds and turtles. very nice tropical fish aquarium too.
Even with the rainy weather, they still put on great shows with the sea lions and dolphins. Not much inside as far as an aquarium goes, but the outside exhibits are great.
I only thought the Gulfarium was ok & not worth the money.  Our 3 & 1 yr olds loved the dolphins & fish aquarium the most.  There just didnlt seem to be a whole lot here.  The tank/containments seemed a bit dirty & some alligators even were covered in moss (I have no clue if this is normal or not but I'm thinking not).  I do love that most (maybe all) of the animals seemed to be rescued locally & everyone was very friendly.
Sort of a small collection of animals, but the park is nicely maintained and the shows are cool, even if the sea lions and dolphins seem to perform basically the same stunts again and again.  My son loved the shows, as well as seeing the dolphins up close through glass windows around the tank.  They also have penguins, sharks, and turtles.  Pretty fun way to spend an afternoon in Destin!
Kind of a sad little place.  Has small tanks for the animals with little or no enrichment toys.  The animals looks as bored as we were.  There were very few information signs for the animals they exhibit with some of them stashed away in the areas designated for the overpriced animal encounters.  Usually when we go to such places we are there all day.  Here we were done in less then 2 hours.
I guess this is the most you can expect from a small town, but it's a decent place. I enjoyed the dolphin and sea lion shows the most. The penguins, sharks, and stingrays were some of our favorites. I agree with some of the reviews, there's really not that much there. The food at the Dive-In Eatery is quite overpriced. The gift shop is nice though. I think the admission price is a little too much for the few exhibits.
We had a large group going for an outing today to the Gulfarium. The prices are normal for this tourist attraction. The kids were super excited to see all the animals... And they were not disappointed. The sea lion show was funny and kept our kids entertained the entire time...they were a bit disappointed with the dolphin show...which was a lot of talk and not enough show...they LOVED the hands on sea animals and would have played in the water longer had their parents had not dragged the along...the sting rays were cool to watch and they even had a guy in the water to answer any questions about them.. The gator area... Well we have been to every south Louisiana/Texas gator farm... So it was just like checking them out at the zoo. Over all. The kids enjoyed themselves.  We got a great group picture..and the lady in the gift shop chased out after us with a phone number to a great shell store in Fort Walton beach.. We would go again...
Good value. Took a few hours, went to all the different shows and talks. They were all spaced out perfectly so there was no rushing from show to show and time to check out everything.
Great experience for the money! All the exhibits are close up and easily visibly by small children. The shows happen often throughout the day! If your in the area I highly recommend it!
We enjoyed our time at the gulfarium which seemed to be laid out very well. It didnt seem very crowded while u were walking around looking at the animal exhibits (which did seem to need a little cleaning and better up keep). But when show time came people seem to come from everywhere   There also needed to be a little more attention from the employees to keeping  (idiot people) from standing along the fence (in front of the bleachers) so people sitting in the bleachers could see the dolphin show.   There's some stupid parents and adults in this world!   But both the dolphin and sea loin shows were good   Over all We had fun
We live in Atlanta a short drive from "The World's Largest Aquarium". The Gulfarium blew the Ga Aquarium out of the water! For real, the Ga aquarium was so over-crowded! We paid almost triple for parking, admission, lunch and a keychain souvenier and saw half of what we were able to see at the Gulfarium (The Georgia aquarium was so overcrowded). At the Gulfarium we were able to see plenty of animals, saw 2 shows, got lunch and left with a bag full of souveniers from the gift shop. This was the best deal for family fun!
