Did a tandem parasail with my daughter and had a great time! Highly recommend Pelican. Anthony and Tony were great crew. We had a yelp 50% off 2nd rider coupon which lead us here - really glad we chose them!
Went on a 6-hour deep sea fishing tour on the Vera Marie. The boat was crowded: with a full tour, you're standing arm-to-arm with other guests with little room around the boat. The captain and deck hands were super friendly and helpful, although it would have been nice if deckhands wore some kind of uniform or were introduced at the beginning to the excursion so they could be better identified. They don't get paid and only work for tips, which the captain makes sure you understand several times throughout the voyage. Overall, for the money, I would've opted for a smaller or less crowded boat. We didn't catch many fish (mostly due to weather), and the boat was so packed that the ride wasn't comfortable or enjoyable.
This is my first ever review. I was so outraged with the trip that I had to let people know.  I had booked a fishing charter to go out for July 1st for the first day of the season for gag grouper.  The trip cost us roughly $1500 including the tip for 6 of us.  We went on the Blessed adventure, which was suppose to be the faster and better boats.  Everything was fine with the reservations and booking the trip.  Vera (I think that was her name), the owner even gave us a small discount for seniors on the boat.  We started off fishing for sound bait that took us about 30-40 minutes.  After we got enough, we headed out to what we thought was going to be the most legendary fishing trip ever.  It took us about 1.5 hours to get to our first spot.  There we caught one red snapper.  But we couldn't keep because it wasn't snapper season.  We stayed there for about 30 minutes and we had bid every now and then, but only caught one. We continued on and went to several different spots throughout the day.  It was so slow that everyone just started to get bored.  A few of us started taking naps in the cabin that was suppose to be air conditioned.  It honestly was cooler in the 95 degree heat outside.  False advertising!  The boat was also in pretty bad shape. Anyways, I don't know if these guys just had the worst spots on their GPS or what! They said they were fishing for Grouper.  After a more than half the trip fishing for grouper we just wanted to take something home!  During the end of the trip the captain started to just put us over any fish that the GPS was showing.  That's when we were able to get a few vermilion snapper.  So in 10 hours we took home 6 vermilion snappers!!!!  People were actually laughing at us because we caught so little.  That was the most expensive fish we've ever eaten! Overall, a terrible experience.  The guys apologized for such a bad trip and said it may have been their worse ever.  I don't doubt it, but shouldn't companies still offer to give some money back or something? Maybe on the next trip? Uhh nvm...I'll pass.  We actually still gave an almost $300 tip because they tried. The first mate was pretty good.  I'm not sure if the captain was the same from the previous reviewer, but ours seemed just as unhappy. Come on!! You fish for a living! Enjoy it! :) Oh btw...the previous day we visited the dock.  The other charters were bringing in loads of fish.  Like I said, maybe these guys need to look for better spots.  Maybe that's why people were laughing at me when I told them we were going with this company.
I would not recommend this for snorkeling. Did not try any of their other offerings. The spot they took us to had trash in the water and on the shore. Although the crew was fantastic and the equipment was great, the experience was not worth the cost.  For the price we paid which was discounted (Buy one, get one 1/2 off) we could have bought our own equipment and walked. The snorkel point seemed to be a local tourist drop off, as we were surrounded by snorkelers from other groups. TLDR: crowded, literally trashy and not worth the price. Live and learn.
Me and a coworker walked up and booked a trip the same day! Girl at the counter was cute and friendly and was able to offer a military discount. We went out on the Anticipation and caught tons of white snapper and Mingo snapper and even a couple reds. Couldn't keep our line in the water more then 30 seconds without pulling one in! The deck hand or 1st mate guy was great, he knew his shit and was there when you needed him! Awesome experience would love to do it again!
Five friends and I went on their deep sea fishing "party" boat.  This review is based on that.   Everything from start to finish was GREAT.  When I first called to ask about prices and such, the women on the phone was very helpful and friendly.  I made a reservation for Sunday, but told here that since we were coming in on Saturday night, it might be tight.  She said she would talk to the other party that was going with us, and see what she could do.  Lucky for us, the other party and the seas worked out, and we went on Monday.   The staff on the boat was very friendly and professional.  Get a spot up front so you can talk to the Captain, he's very funny.  They help you with whatever you need, and work with beginners.   We paid $50 for a 5 hour trip.  I don't know of any other place where you can have this much fun for $10 an hour.  They clean and fillet the fish for you.  They even told us a great place to go get it cooked.  It was some of the best fish I have ever had ( it was mainly mingo).   All in all, whenever I am back in Destin, I will be going back here for another trip.  These guys are great!  The service is spot on, and it's a blast!  I really don't know what they could have done better.
I booked this trim 2 months in advance of our annual spring break to the panhandle.  Booking was very easy and they offered many options.  Deposit to secure our choice was required and confirmation e-mail of receipt was very timely.  Upon our arrival, we paid the balance and were introduced to David the captain and Troy the mate.  The weather was absolutely horrendous.  In spite of downpours, wind and rough seas we had a very nice time and caught several fish that will feed us for  more than a few months.  On a 8 hour trip, the comfort of the boat is important.  I must say, the vessel we were on, Blessed Adventure was extremely comfortable, clean and very fast.  I would highly recommend this trip as the crew were very helpful and knowledgeable.  A lesser skilled crew and we would have all been miserable.  All in all I was very impressed with the organization from top to bottom. Thank you for a wonderful time. Dennis C & family
