We enjoyed the ride we took with these guys, awesome crew!!, it was great and worth your money, it was cool that the kiddos got to drive the boat, dolphins were on both sides of the boat, and when the boat went full blast , it was even better, yup seems as though we'll be back next time, thanks sea blaster, you guys rock!!! and thanks for not splashing me with ice cold water, ha!!
The dolphins were there! The ride was wet. The deckhands kept squirting people with ice water, (i could have done without this feature), so plan accordingly. The kiddos loved being able to pilot the boat as well. I would recommend them.
Wow!  Definitely a highlight for my family during our trek to Destin!  This is a first class operation and the captain and crew work hard to make everyone happy and more important, a lasting memory. The Captain let every 'child' take a turn driving the boat!  The smile on my two sons faces was priceless and I got some great pictures and videos when it was their turn.  The crew kept the beverages, bottomless beer, wine and soda, flow freely for those so inclined.  In addition, they worked hard to put us on a group of dolphins and make sure each side of the boat had the opportunity to see them up close. It was hot & humid, summertime in Florida....go figure....so the water cannons were a welcome reprieve from the heat.  Make sure to tip the Captain and not just the crew. Lastly, the music was great....it was an 'I love the 80's'type station, which was a bonus.
This is probably one of the best attractions u can do at Destin beach! It was so much fun for the adults and kids (they let them drive the boat) and they keep the wine and beer flowing for 2 hrs straight! The sunset was beautiful and we got to see dolphins! Worth the money for sure!!
We had the best time! It was fun for the whole family. The best bang for your buck & the crew was a blast. Great tunes, unlimited drinks, fed sea gulls, saw dolphins, & they even let the kids 'drive' the boat. We had SO much fun. I highly recommend this tour.
Our entire family enjoyed this trip. Great dolphin spotting, fun cruise down the gulf coast. The snorkeling isn't amazing, but I suspect that is because the area just doesn't offer amazing snorkeling options. The crew made all of it enjoyable.
This is a great event for the whole family!  Free beer or wine (cheap stuff from a jug) for the parents and soda for the kids.  Staff is attentive and friendly.  This is a speed boat so you will get wet, but that's part of the fun.  We did see dolphins and the kids got to "drive" the boat.  There are clean bathrooms on board (which is good since the beer flows freely).  We brought snacks and enjoyed our ride tremendously.  I believe you get a $2 break on adult tickets if you book online.  Also this is one of the only cruises that charges kid prices for ages 4-15.
Kinda hard to find their location but 120% recommend this cruise. I bought a groupon for $12 and it was worth every penny! I saw the other cruises take off and this one topped it. Crew was funny, fun, outstanding service. Clean boat, clean bathrooms, attentive with drinks, made sure we had spotted dolphins, gave us sweaters. I couldn't say better things about this crew. Unlimited beer/wine/soft drinks., I loved everything about this cruise!!!
Fun sunset dolphin adventure. The crew was very friendly and chatty, gave many recommendations for places to go after the ride. All the bud light or white zinfandel you want, AND his and her bathrooms on board. Saw tons of dolphins. Pro tip: you should sit in the back, as sometimes the dolphins will swim along side in the wake from the boat.
Best $$$ spent, 2 hours of fun that goes by so fast. We saw 15+ dolphins (and a baby) that would swim in the wake of the boat and jump the waves. We got some great video footage and pictures!  You get free cokes, beer, wine, or water during the boat ride. It is a speed boat and you do go fairly fast at times, YOU WILL GET WET, just adds to the adventure. The captain and his mates are very accommodating and helpful. We went on the dolphin/sunset cruise (4:45 to 6:45). On the way back the captain stopped and allowed everyone to watch the sunset until it was completely gone. Top Notch service. Once on board you get up, walk around, do what you want to do.  If you are looking for some night fun on the ocean, this is the boat to do it on, music + free drinks and a speed boat. This sea blaster is located  down in the harborwalk village, we had some issues finding it but  made it on time.
We had fun on the sunset cruise however we didn't see any dolphins which is not their fault... We did have a bad beginning when we wanted to sit on the last row because there was 9 of us and the lady taking the pictures made us move said she was taking the pictures but she would hold that row for us... Next thing we know we are leaving and someone else is sitting there so we all had to sit separately and we had to carry two of kids the entire ride because of this.. The guys serving the drinks and captain were amazing which is why I'm giving such a high rating!!
Best $$ ever spent on vacation! 2 hours of fun! Captain Larry and his mates were awesome. Our kids had a blast feeding seagulls from their hands and we saw dozens of dolphins playing. Better than anything I've ever seen at sea world. We'll return every trip to Destin.
Took their sunset cruise and had a great time.  Captain and crew were very courteous and made sure everyone aboard enjoyed themselves.  The first few minutes is spent in the harbor while the crew serves drinks to everyone- beer, wine, water and sodas. After a quick cruise back through the harbor it was time to suck some fuel and head out looking for dolphins. After a good ride out, we stopped a few hundred yards off shore and waited. Within a few minutes, we had our first sighting. Then it was every few minutes after that they were surfacing around us. Captain did a great job of staying with them and trying to spin the boat around so everyone could see.  We then headed back down the coast and past the harbor before heading back in just in time to watch the sun setting while pulling back in to port. The only complaint I had, and it was my own doing, was the waiting between getting tickets and actually leaving. Felt like we wanted to get on and get a good seat but the sitting and waiting at the dock got a little hot. Next time I'll go earlier in the day to get tickets and avoid standing in the line at the last minute.
We had a pretty good time, did the snorkeling and dolphin excursion from 9am to 12 noon on a Monday.  Started out with snorkeling, they took us over to a jetty of rocks near the bay, we had over an hour to snorkel, so that was pretty cool, thought we would be rushed.  Our girls got done a little before us and went back to the boat and spent the last 15 minutes jumping off the side of the boat from about 8-10 feet above the water.  Next was on to the dolphins... saw maybe 4 or 5 dolphins, thought we'd see more, so that wasn't the best, but I'm sure that's hit or miss sometimes.  We are spoiled from swimming with them in New Zealand so it would be hard to top that.  The unlimited soft drinks, wine and beer is a nice touch, although Bud Light at 10 in the morning is not the best idea sometimes... Overall it was a good time, my 11 year old and 14 year old liked it, would do it again and would recommend this crew, they were very courteous and fun.  Oh yeah, the girls got to "drive" the boat for a while too!
Had a great time on the Sea Blaster today!  Agree with everything Ryan C. said.  Take some money. The mates work for tips.  Well worth the money for our family of 4.  The sunset was beautiful!
Horrible buisiness! Don't go! Rude staff who don't care about you just want your money. Second year in a row we have bad experience there. They spray you with water on board when you ask them not to, they don't honor their own coupons when you bring them. Go to the glass bottom boat cruise instead, don't waste your money on this.
We had an absolute blast last week on our Sunset Dolphin Cruise on the Original Sea Blaster (don't be confused by AJ's Sea Blaster--that looked lame, and all they did was try and follow our boat around while looking for dolphins).  Free beer and wine on board, and very kid friendly (kids got to "drive" the boat).  For two adults and one child, the cost was $62, which included beer, wine and soft drinks for the kids.  Got to see lots of dolphins, as well as a cool sunset view out on the Gulf.  Would highly recommend.
Took the sunset dolphin cruise with our two 8yr olds and had a blast. We saw quite a few dolphins, drank quite a few "free" Bud Lights (my kids drank their weight in "free" Sprites), saw a gorgeous sunset, listened to some fun music ...... what more do you want for a 2 hour cruise? The kids got to drive the boat and blow the horn. Four days later now and they're still talking about it. The crew was fantastic. Perhaps a bit flip and sarcastic which is clearly their "schtick". As a New Englander I totally get it, I'm the same way, but I can see how some (uptight?) people might find it off-putting. There were some crabby people on our cruise who were complaining that "the captain was only showing the dolphins to one side of the boat!". lol, it's not SeaWorld!! He has zero control over where wild dolphins swim, he can only spin that large boat so fast you know. We happened to catch the dolphins in a crowded, choppy area and I think he did a great job of keeping us in place while avoiding other (some much larger) crafts. Also .... get off your butt and walk to the other side to see them. While the boat is a bit crowded we had plenty of maneuverability and were able to walk around with the kids. As a matter of fact, one of the crew members specifically asked if our kids could see and offered them a bench to stand on for a better dolphin view. Even if we hadn't seen dolphins it would've been a nice evening out. I think some people feel the need to be constantly entertained and can't just sit back and enjoy a lovely evening on the water. Just chill a bit. While they warn "you will get wet" we didn't as it wasn't summer temps yet. I can appreciate that they took temperature into account and didn't soak the boat. I saw coupons for this attraction in many of the local "freebie" papers. I used one for half-off an adult ticket with purchase of another adult. Coupon was taken without attitude (which is NOT always the case). The woman who sells the tickets was also great. We went to the dock early in the day to check out the cruise and she was very nice, informative and generally a great salesperson for this attraction. Bring some cash for a tip, we almost forgot (we never carry cash) and would've felt bad as the service was great all around. Also, the $10 picture was totally worth it as it was the only picture from our entire spring break which had all 4 of us in it, lol. P.S. The bathrooms on board were very clean (as advertised) and a must when there's beer/wine/soda included in the ticket price! ; )
