My wife and I rented a pontoon boat (half day) and really enjoyed ourselves.  The boat was well equipped and taken care of.  We had a full tank of gas and cruised pretty much non-stop for four hours.  This was our little sighting seeing excursion that we treated ourselves to.  I feel that if you want to take a pontoon boat out for friends or family this is probably the only company I would refer someone to.  Their staff was friendly from start to finish. We did notice many people spent most of their time at crab island relaxing in the water close to where we rented the boat but we decided to go on an adventure instead and see the local homes on the water.  Very relaxing.
This place is great because they have a lot of excursions for competitive pricing. We did the dolphin tour on a waverunner, aka jet ski. It was $125/waverunner that fits up to 3 people, and the cashier gave us $5 off/waverunner (so it was $120). The tour was from 9AM-11AM (everyday), and we had to be there an hour before to fill out paperwork and get instructions. It was hard to find the dolphins, but our tour guy didn't give up and took us around to many areas. Finally, we saw some dolphins at our last stop. The dolphins were so fast that it was hard to capture them in pictures. The tour was 2 hours long. The first hour and a half was for the the dolphin tour, and the last 30 mins. was your free time. This is a hit or miss event. It's not a 100% guarantee that you'll see dolphins. One of the staff told us it's 75% chance, even though the website claimed 95%. I didn't get to see many dolphins as I'd like to, but I still had a lot of fun driving/riding on the jet ski for the first time. It's nice that you don't have to RSVP in advance here. Most places require reservations and charge a fee if it's less than 24hrs cancellation, but you don't have to worry about that here. This place is located at the beginning (or the end) of the Harborwalk, so it's very pretty to walk around. It is also close to Crab Island, so make sure to make a stop there if you can. Tips: -Wear sunglasses to help protect your eyes from the salt water. Make sure the sunglasses really stay on, because the rides can be bumpy and fall off. -Wear swimming suits (cux I almost wore my regular clothes, stupid of me lol). -Even though the jet ski can fits up to 3 people, I don't recommend it. It can be too crowded, so maybe 2 adults and one kid would be better. -There's a little bin in the jetski that can hold small items, like waterproof cameras or keys. But I highly recommend giving the keys to the staff at the front desk. -There isn't a safe place for handbags so leave them at home or in your car. -Drivers licences are required for all drivers. -The staff were great. They were friendly (and high) and very helpful.
Our group rented a pontoon boat and a jet ski for four hours and we had a blast! The boat was clean and we went over to the crab island to play. We took turns on the jet ski and got our monies worth. While we were at the Crab Island we had fun finding hermit crabs on the sand in the water, I found four! There's a another rental place that floating over the Crab island and you can buy "Peanuts" and get a free beer. Pretty good deal if you forgot to bring the beer with you on the boat. Our group had about 16 people, but they only let you ride 14 on the boat. The other two rode out on the jet ski. Although there was enough room for them on the boat. I guess it's a safety thing. Good times!
Our party of, lemme count....11, rented a pontoon from here to take out into the bay in beautiful Destin, Florida.  For 3 hours, we paid $300; yes you crazy mathematicians, that's $100 an hour and we had a great time cruising around seeing the sights. Why pontoons are better than jet skis in Florida waters:  Unless you've got some waterproof goggles (which I HIGHLY recommend if you going to jet ski here) your eyes will be burning like the flames of hell from all the salt water that gets sprayed into them. Ouch!  It's awful!!   Secondly, it's handy to see if it's jelly season, or if there is a preponderance of jelly fish out in the waters.  Hopping on and off a jet ski can land you a nice jelly fish sting on your feet, legs, arms, anywhere on your body that's in the water.  This girl was fortunate enough to only get a tiny sting on her right big toe. I digress...you watch a brief training/safety video and you're off (well, after you sign those dandy death and dismemberment waivers, of course!).  The boats are of decent quality.  I mean, they definitely work, but there's no radio, so bring a cell phone, the fuel gage does not work, so make sure they've filled the tank before you leave and the seats are a little shabby, but it's a nice ride. There are plenty of life vests, which you really don't need unless you're a risk-taking idiot and want to experience pontooning from the outside of the pontoon railing over the jelly fish infested waters.  I would recommend wearing the vests anyway even if you're not an idiot, just to cover the "what-ifs". Cruising the bay was fun, especially with a full boat.  Bring a radio and party a little, have a few drinks, anchor the boat next to the floating restaurants and grab a bite, or just relax and take some breathtaking shots of the bay.  Oh what fun it is to ride a pontoon on the bay.... Oh yes, I went there.
Some friends and I have recently begun a yearly pilgrimage to Destin and while I'm not a big outdoorsy type, I can sit on the beach and drink with the best of them. I'm pretty easy going, so when the girl in charge of planning any excursions told me that I was going on a boat to see dolphins for about $28, I agreed readily enough, though I wasn't exactly jumping up and down at that thought. Our group drove down there, paid our money, and boarded the boat.  It had two levels and while it wasn't huge, was big enough to accommodate all of the people easily and leave plenty of room so you didn't have to be too near to other groups or kids (we drink and cuss a lot, so we're not exactly a family-friendly crew). The boat started out driving around the harbor, followed by a massive flock of seagulls, stopping so that the crew could pull up a crab trap.  They gave some brief information on crabs and then walked around so that anyone that wanted to pet the crab could (I, naturally, wanted to). Before leaving the harbor, the captain explained that seagulls LOVE Cheetos (Who doesn't?).  Holding a Cheeto in the air caused the massive cloud of seagulls to descend to pick them from your fingers.  My friend Brian even held one in his teeth and the bird plucked it from him, easy as pie.  I hadn't bought any Cheetos from the snack bar, but the captain gave me one to hold up to the birds anyway. We then drove out into the gulf and the few dolphins that we had spotted in the harbor, became a fair number of dolphins.  We stood around the bow and watched as many as four of them swim right next to the boat, surfacing and playing.  It really was quite enchanting. All in all, we spent about two hours in the boat.  When we were heading back in, the captain noticed my friends and me standing in front of the glass and motioned for us to come in and drive the boat.  We got to wear the captain's hat and take pictures, which was extremely silly and fun. Honestly, I didn't expect much from the cruise, but that made the whole thing better.  Nothing like thinking you're going to have an okay time at best and then having a complete blast.  I highly recommend doing this if you get a chance.  It was really the highlight of the trip for me.
My wife and I rented a Waverunner here and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. It was our first time jet-skiing so that may have had something to do with it. But the process was pretty easy. You show up, pay, fill out their waiver form (fun fun), then go watch a brief safety presentation before being shown to your waverunner. The instructor was very helpful and explained everything pretty thoroughly to us how to operate it. We had the Waverunner for an hour and were allowed to go pretty much anywhere in the bay as long as we returned on time. It really is a beautiful area for jet-skiing. Since the place is located at the HarborWalk Village, there are plenty of places to shop or dine when you are through. My only complaint was that once we signed the waiver and got our ticket, we had trouble finding where on the dock we were supposed to go and had difficulty finding anyone working for Boogies who could tell us where to go. We did find it eventually, but if they could make this process easier and maybe have someone around to direct people where to go, I would give this place 5 stars. Overall we enjoyed the experience, and would definitely use Boogies again.
Large selection of watersport rentals.  The husband and I rented a pontoon boat from Boogie's while vacationing in the Destin area.  The only complaint I had was that once we signed our waiver forms and handed over our money to rent the boat, we could not find anyone working for Boogie's down at the dock area and had to walk around in the hot sun asking for help and for someone to show us which boat belonged to us. Boogie's Watersports were flexible with our rental schedule and we enjoyed a lovely day out on the water.  We saw two dolphins up close and were able to follow them for a while, then later we hung out at "crab island", the famous area in the Destin bay where people "tailgate" on the water. Fun times!
Called around for pontoon boats to rent for half of the day and they were all sold out finally I came across Boogies they were very helpful and friendly! Not to mention there pontoon boats were super nice (leather seats very roomy) Boogies had the most affordable pricing as well only $275.00 to rent a pontoon boat for half of the day! If you are looking for a fun day on a pontoon boat outing Boogies is definitely the place to go!  We will definitely be back this summer!
Johnny with Boogie's Watersports donated a Dolphin Cruise to my family as part of our wish to have a beach vacation (organized by 3littlebirds4life.org).  The cruise was great, we saw many dolphin's and my kids enjoyed the fishing net adventure.  I have beautiful pictures from around Destin just from cruising in the boat.  Wonderful people and excellent time!
We took a trip out on a pontoon boat from these guys and had a great time! It was around $200 for 4 hours. We took 5 adults and 2 children. The boat was just fine and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I'll have no problem going back to these guys or sending them business.
Good location just along the docks at Emerald Grande on the harbor. I've rented from them twice with no problems.
Fun trips for a good price.  The kids loved the sunset boat ride.  We saw dolphins and nice views of Destin.
We took the glass bottom boat and everyone was so nice.  I stubbed my toe and ripped off my toenail and the captain himself got me band aids. The bartender made us extra strong drinks and gave us one free. They showed us stuff they pulled up from baskets in the water and we saw some dolphins.  You couldn't really see anything on the glass bottom but it was still sort of interesting.  A very nice time.
Great expereince for the entire family. Staff was friendly and well-prepared. I am a local  and we had extended family visit from out of state. Wonderful way to enjoy the beautiful waters.
I recently did the parasailing. 3 things.. when I called I was told we would go 800ft high, the time  up in the air is 10-12 minutes and there would be someone on the boat to take pictures. We only went 450ft, only up in the air for 5 minutes and no one taking pictures. I called and spoke to Johnny the manager and he offered to let us come back out, but when I explained that we were leaving the following morning he said that he would speak to the guys driving the boat and get back to me. I felt some sort of credit back to my credit card was in order. Well.. he never got back to me, even after leaving a 2nd message. Next time, I will choose another company to give my money to..there are many that will be happy to take my money.
