The two man crew was professional. They were respectful to those apprehensive about their ride, and they'd give a little jerk on the rope and a dip in the water for adrenaline seekers. Our ride was very smooth and I didn't feel a drop in my stomach at all. I felt safe. The views were great (even on a cloudy day). Check out the video I made: youtu.be/NTn4m-2lNOk  We also purchased the photo package. Wonderful memories.
I took my family on the FLIPPER adventure wow my kids cried nonstop we almost capsized twice very scary for us pls I beg you don't put your familys life in danger like this THIS FLIPPER ADVENTURE IS AN ACCIDENT WAITING TO HAPPEN
I don't really have anything to compare it to, but Just Chute Me was exactly what we were looking for during our trip to Destin! I've been wanting to parasail since I saw the ocean for the first time, 10 years ago. I finally built up the nerve to go for it this May when I was in Florida with my husband's family. Of course, I did some online research, and sadly, while Destin does have a lot of options, not very many of them have been reviewed. This company did have a few glowing reviews, and the prices seemed comparable, so I made a reservation! We got the "spring special" which is $40 per person, and then I paid the extra $18 for photos. I'll get to that in a minute. The actual parasailing was wonderful. I was scared out of my mind, but it was exactly what we wanted, and exceeded my expectations. The drivers were friendly and had that typical touristy-banter with the guests on the boat to ease everyone's nerves. I requested a slight dunking in the water since I'm not a huge fan of actually hanging out in the ocean-water and they humored me. We spent about 15 minutes in the air which doesn't sound like a lot, but was plenty! The only thing I wasn't totally happy with was the extra money we paid for the photos. We got a 2GB memory card filled with the photos they took. We were promised at least 20 shots and got about 14. The photos they did actually get are pretty terrible, so I probably wouldn't have done that if I'd known. The only reason it doesn't bother me that much is that I now have an extra 2GB card, and I can never have enough of those! Overall, a wonderful experience, and I'd recommend this company over any of the others in Destin, FL. Just a tip, though; save your money and say "no" to their photo service. Instead, buy a waterproof camera and take some yourself!
If you're seeking more of a thrill on your beach vacation, skip the scooters and head for parasailing! Based on the great reviews of Just Chute Me on TripAdvisor, I insisted that the group from my family use this company and no other for our parasailing needs. We paid $50 per person, which is the deal they are currently running and a price we found to be reasonable, although I did not shop around. The captain and crew were fantastic. They put my younger siblings at ease with their safety briefing and easy-breezy attitude. Parasailing itself was really fun! There's nothing you have to do except sit and enjoy the views. You take off and return from the back of the boat. The Just Chute Me boat has a 800ft long cord which means you'll probably fly around 400-600 ft in the air. It looked to me like we were way higher than all the other parasails that were flying around. They make sure to wiggle the cord when it's at it's full length, and then one more time when they're bringing you back in. They also dip you into the water at one point (you can opt not to do that). The entire ride lasts about 10 minutes. The crew was very happy to take pictures of us on the boat even though they were selling a photo package. Although, I really wished I would have taken my camera up with me. It sounds like a stupid idea, but they will hook your camera wristband to the lifejacket so you don't drop it. The views are so worth it!! Plus, you can take fun pictures of your flying buddy. I highly recommend you take the camera up and- if you're in a group- have someone else take pictures of you from the boat. I'm not sure what you're supposed to tip the boat crew, but I settled with $5/person (we were a 6-person group). We were out for about an hour and a half. Part of our party did have some trouble finding the place- it's a tiny shack right on the water- but if you follow the directions provided on their website you can't get lost! Bravo to the whole team, and I would whole-heartedly recommend.
My group of 14 decided to parasail while in Destin and, as we do with most things, decided to choose the cheapest option without much other consideration.  Unlike some things, though, it was a decision that absolutely did not regret.  The staff was very personable and professional, and they were having fun along with us.  We had five kids 10 years old or younger, and the staff made sure they were put at ease and having a great time as well as us adults. Obviouslyl the views were spectacular, but you can get that from about any place in Destin I assume.  What separated Just Chute Me was the people and their intentions to make sure we all had a great time...at a reasonable price.  I would highly recommend them for anyone - including those with kids in the group.
We had a first timer, age 10, along for the ride! He was so excited and a bit nervous as you could imagine. Everyone at Just Chute Me was amazing, so comforting! They guys on the boat had such a great sense of humor, kept everyone laughing, and relaxed the tension of our young one. Anyone thinking of trying it should absolutely take the plunge! We all had the BEST experience!
we knew we wanted to parasail. after looking at several other parasailing outfits, we settled on just chute me. they were easy to find. everything seemed organized and well thought out. the people were nice and professional. it was also reasonably priced. it was $60 bucks a person with a $5 coupon in their brochure.  they allow to go up as pairs  or triplets. there was a party of three in our group.  the young crew that took us out were great. you felt safe. we took off from the back of the boat and landed on the back of the boat. the view from parasailing was fantastic. parasailing is quiet and gentle. you are just floating up there. the crew will also dip in the water for tips. the dip in the water feels really good. i would recommend parasailing to anyone. it's not as extreme as skydiving as a thrill but it is still fun.
