Super friendly staff. The guy's that took us out made it a wonderful ride for my 3 boys first parasailing adventure.
My family took a parasailing tour here last wknd. Highly pleased with the place, the service and the experience. I called a lot of places and this place was the best priced. I called for directions and the lady who answered patiently gave them to me. My husband and stepdaughter were the brave ones. Myself and my 6 year old went along as riders (riders have to pay too, just not as much as parasailers). My husband and I were able to bring along drinks (as in 1 each) we bought at the bar adjacent to the company while we were waiting. The 2 staff on board were super great! Very friendly & professional. They took the time to chat with my daughter about kindergarten life while the other 2 in our group were parasailing. On our way in, they let her "drive"- she was beaming with pride and this mommy was so happy for her. The overall duration seemed a little short to me but it's just the nature of Destin- everything is a little pricey. I didn't time it but I'd say it was 45 min total from leaving to docking. The office is a little hard to find. It's down a small road that's between buildings (there's a blue & yellow "Dockside" sign on the side of the road), park at the lot all the way down at the end then walk down the sidewalk between the bar on the right and the bathrooms on the left. Dockside is at the very end on the left, up the stairs by the start of the pier & the gas pump.
It is our first time renting/driving a boat.  After moving to FWB two months ago, we feel we owe it to ourselves to get on the water and have some fun.  We rented a fishing boat for the bay sightseeing.  Originally we wanted to go into the Gulf, but the choppy waves scared these two rookies ;) When we got there, Jaithan was absolutely pleasant to work with.  The boat looked new.  We were told nothing they have is over 2 years in service.  Jaithan got us quickly oriented and we were on our way exploring.  It was every exciting.  We had an awesome experience. Maybe because it is the off-season, but Dockside was very accommodating in price and rental length.  We thoroughly enjoyed our boating experience with Dockside.  We'll be back next year.
My wife and I went parasailing today and had a blast! The captain and deckhand were great and we really enjoyed the trip!  Highly recommend.
Great service and good deal for half day or full day rental. Easy to upgrade from half day to full day. No need to dock, just call in and say your going to keep full day.
From the standpoint of someone who patronizes this place, both "from land" and "from water," this is a friendly operator...which is actually a significant statement to make with regard to some of the dock owners in Destin harbor (some aren't friendly at all).  They're pretty quick on the jump to handle boat fueling and assist you in docking.  The store is clean and pretty well stocked.   I haven't tried their bar/restaurant.
This place is very nice and well priced. Dockhands are friendly and there to help out in any way possible. I will be going back. Also night life at the dockside bar is great.
A goup of us - 4 adults and 4 kids - went parasailing with them.  The posiives are they were by far the cheapest place for parasailing ($49.50/person), the parasail line/rope seemed longer/higher than the other companies' lines, and the ride out of the harbor to the gulf added to the trip and excitement.  The negatives are the way we were hammered to tip on our way back in and how rigid they seemed with where we sat on the boat during the trip.  It was like musical chairs and took away from the fun.  I'm sure both of these negatives are a reflection on the guide, but it definitely would have been more enjoyable without it.
