WARNING:  if you've never been to the Destin Harbor area before, make sure to allow plenty of time for traffic, parking, and possibly a long walk (depending in your luck parking). The ticketing agent was very friendly and even have us the $2 brochure discount even though I didn't request the discount. Boarding was easy and the crew was friendly. The boat left on time. There was barely enough seating for everyone, so I assume that the boat was full or nearly full; even so, there was enough room to move around without feeling crowded. The boat has several places for you to settle in. 1. The bow of the boat had ample standing room and room for about 8 to sit. 2. The main deck has outward facing bleacher seating on the outer walls of each cabin. 3. The main cabin (galley) has a snack shop and booths to sit at. From the booths, by child was still able to see dolphins while he was eating his hot dog. 4. There was an upper deck with forward facing bench seating. 5. The bowels of the ship had 6 glass windows through which you could see to the bottom of the harbor. My kids even saw a dolphin swim under the boat.      The bathrooms were clean and in good working order. The cruise itself took lasted about 2 hours. On our trip out of the harbor the captain pointed out several points of interest. Overall, the captain was chatty, but not so much that it got on my nerves. Within 10 minutes we saw our first dolphin named Jackpot, who apparently lives in the harbor. The captain seemed to know all the right spots to find dolphins and we saw several in the cruise many of which got within a foot or two of the boat. I definitely didn't feel cheated on the "dolphin" portion of the cruise. The captain also pointed out two sea turtles, which are difficult to spot from above the water. The boat has a limited gift shop / snack bar with great prices. $2 for a bottomless soda or $5 for bottomless soda, hot dog, and a drink. They treated the kids well. Each child on the entire boat had an opportunity to literally drive the boat and they all got to raid a treasure chest full of small toys at the end of the cruise. This cruise was more expensive than others at $25 ($27 retail price), but I feel I got my money's worth.
This was our family's first experience on a dolphin cruise and we loved it.  In particular... 1. They honored the discount from our rental condo. 2. The boat was large (3 decks) and you could move around.  Other cruise boats keep you in one seat the whole time. 3. Definitely family friendly (no drinking or smoking.) 4. The galley snacks were reasonably priced. 5. The captain was very entertaining and added a lot to the experience. 6. We so LOTS of dolphins! The only drawback is that you must leave from the Harbor Walk.  While the walk itself is fun, parking there is a nightmare.  There are about 3x as many people looking to park as there are open spaces.  Plan to drive around the lot for 30 minutes to find a spot. We highly recommend this company.
Pros: Conveniently located booth, Captain Brian was awesome, dolphins were visible, tour was just the right amount of time, snack bar, restrooms, glass bottom of the boat, shade, service, etc. Cons: Can't think of any.
This was an amazing experience worth every penny I will be back next time I am in the area.
I would have to say southern star dolphin cruises is by far the BEST I have  ever  been on . Captain Brian was awesome !!!  We saw several dolphins  , it's a must do while in Destin . At the end of the cruise Captain Brian gave  thanks to ALL the service men and women . One of the best parts was when the captain shared that Jesus loved each and everyone of us , fantastic
A great visit, not only with Dolphins, but spectacular views of one of the top ten beaches in the U.S. Great sunsets. They fill you in on the history of this great place. It was so great I decided to buy a home here. Alex W puretick.com
Great dolphin cruise!! Big ship and nice crew!! Family friendly. Saw lots of dolphins & even some schools of rays! We sat up top and a few times it got really rocking up there! Take something to keep yourself from getting sea sick & ruining the cruise for everyone else!! Look at the horizon or hang over the side but don't ask the guy to turn around and go back please!! (I hope you are reading this..person who did it on my cruise) I was really excited to go out into the Gulf of Mexico  and we got a few feet out there before they turned it around. The captain was very talkative and enjoyed telling us about all of the places along the shore.
We had a great experience on the Southern Star Dolphin Cruise. We saw plenty of dolphins and the kids got to steer the boat for a perfect photo op. The staff was polite and accommodating. They take your picture when you board the boat and you can purchase the 4x6 for $10. Ours was dark and I could have taken a better picture. They have a little cafe where you can buy drinks, smoothies, hot dogs and chips. There is no wine/beer for purchase and you are allowed to bring your own coolers and drinks. I wish I had known that prior to boarding. I could have brought some bottled water and juice for the kids. It is normally a 2-hour cruise but ours got cut short to one hour due to a storm that was brewing. The boat boards 30 minutes prior to the cruise so get there early to avoid the long line. They get pretty full at their 6:30pm cruise because the weather is cooler and you might get to see the sun set. They told us that they have a 98% success rate when we bought our tickets. I got great photos but I wasn't able to see anything in the tiny windows they refer to as their "glass bottom" which is underneath the cafe.
I enjoyed the dolphin cruise more than I thought I would. Not only did I see 15 - 20 different dolphins, it was nicely narrated by the boat captain. Passengers were allowed to feed seagulls which was a cool sight seeing the birds follow the boat. Kids were allowed photo ops wearing the captain's hat & getting behind the wheel of the boat. My niece loved that part & was smiling ear to ear.
Too Long but nice vantage point to see harbor from a boat
Great cruise. Friendly staff. Amazing dolphins. Totally worth going. I recommend the 5pm cruise. They slow down the ship and you get to enjoy the sunset.
Had a wonderful sunset cruise with Captain Brian and his crew.  We saw half-a-dozen dolphins here and there and really only got to see one up close.  But, being that we're talking wild animals here, at least we got to see what we did.  Out in the Gulf, the seas were rolling pretty good and my nine-year-old ending up getting sea sick.  The crew was as helpful as anyone could hope for.  They had children's medicine on board as well as offered Sprite, a baggie of ice (for forehead), and even a bag to carry 'just in case' - not to mention several bits of advice to help.  On the way back the kids all got to take turns driving the ship with Captain Brian standing close by.  Don't forget your camera!  The cruise is VERY family oriented and with a 9 and 11 year old, it was perfect.  Do not expect to party hard on this ride.  It's great for families of all ages looking for a mild, 2 hour dolphin experience.  If I was in my early 20's again and looking for a more 'festive atmosphere' I'd go somewhere else.
This was a great tour!  The captain seemed to know where to look for the dolphins and when we found them, he stayed near them.  He seemed more concerned with us getting to see lots of dolphins, than staying on his route or schedule.  We saw tons of dolphins (babies jumping out of the water), some sharks, and someone saw a stingray, but I didn't see it.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that they advertise being a glass bottom boat, but its really several glorified portholes that you only see sand and seaweed out of.  The crew was very nice.  Take some Dramamine, there were several sick people on board.  Great deal!
We went on valentines day and it was great.   Would have been nicer without little kids but.
Great cruise! We were lucky & saw 4 pods of dolphins including 3 mother/ baby pairs! This is unusual to see so many dolphines we were told. Capt does a great job of narrating. He also does a couple of nice things for kids inboard including getting to steer the boat. Really nice crew. Good experience for us& we'd definitely do it again. When we left we walked fishing charter docks to look at catches for the which is lots of fun.
This was an amazing experience! Dolphins were all over the Destin Bay and we got an awesome sunset to boot.  Truly an awesome experience and I recommend the Southern Star to anybody.  We saw Dolphins all through our cruise and we bought the souvinier photo which will commemorate our experience nicely!  If you ever want a relaxing boat ride in destin this is definitely it, the captain is awesome as well!
Wonderful tourist (and local) entertainment offering, provided by some fantastic people. This is the one tourist attraction we always take visiting guests to enjoy.  The crew are fantastic, and the price is one of the best bargains in Destin.
We took our two year old daughter last week. If you're set on seeing dolphins, go to an aquarium. While the others in this list of reviews saw lots of dolphins, I managed to see one supposed dorsal fin break water in the distance. You can't expect a group of wild animals to show up three times a day on que! On the other hand, at under $30 for an adult, this was a fine ride on a boat, where you can see the whole harbor with interesting commentary from the captain. The glass bottom consists of eight windows through the bottom of the hull, about 2x2 feet each. I never did see much through them other than a bright green glow. The whole thing seems tailored to families with young kids, and it wasn't overcrowded even though we were there during peak season. The concession had reasonable prices.
I probably would have enjoyed the cruise more if it hadn't been so windy and chilly.  Obviously not Southern Star's fault but it sure can make a difference in the fun level.  Also, this seems to be one of the few evening sunset dolphin cruises that does not provide complimentary water, soda, beer and wine. We didn't do our research there! In any case, I enjoyed that the Captain was extremely knowledgeable about restaurants, attractions, and dolphins (naturally!).  He cruised through the Harbor pointing out places of interest as well as celebrity homes before heading into the Gulf. We saw several dolphin pods once we reached the Gulf and were able to get fairly close. If dolphin are spotted, the boat will get close but not too close as the law states you can't creep up on dolphin in their territory. However, you are encouraged to yell and be noisy to encourage the dolphin to swim to the boat. Midway through the cruise, kiddos are encouraged to help steer the boat! They even have bird food at the back of the boat so you can feed the birds. Souvenir photos are available for $10 and are taken before the cruise starts. Smoothies, hot dogs, snacks and a few trinkets are for sale onboard. This is a glass bottom boat but not in the fashion you may imagine. Excellent views and a friendly cruise staff. I just would have liked a cold one while cruising. *wink*
This is an excellent value. The crew is friendly and knowledgable. We saw more dolphins than one can count. Buy your tickets early and be certain to allow plenty of time for traffic when headed to the dock.
