Absolutely beautiful. I've never been to a beach with clearer water. Cleaner water. Warmer water. Whiter sand. Cleaner sand. FINER sand. This is as good as it gets. I couldn't stop picking up the sand like a kid going to the beach for the first time because of how remarkable fine and white it was. This must be the stuff they put in exfoliating face washes. The pacific ocean beaches are a joke compared to this (especially in the SF/Bay Area). Our sand is dirty, brown, littered, and gritty. Our water is murky, full of seaweed, and colder than the first moments of your morning shower in the middle of December after your pipes are half frozen. The only beaches I could compare Destin to is Vietnam, specifically in the resorts surrounding Hoi An. Warm, clean water. Hawaii gets some recognition points too, but it's the cleanliness at Destin that makes it win. I don't know if I'll ever make it back to Destin, but the beaches might make it worthwhile to come back to sometime later in life.
The beach itself at Destin, Florida is quite ideal for a number of unique reasons; 1.) The circulation of the Gulf waters creates a spectacularly clean and clear water by the time it reaches here.  The water color is varied according to depth and it is simply amazing! 2.) The lack of organic material also means less fish (sadly), but also less of those  pesky sea gulls.  No funky smell, as the beach is surprisingly clear of seaweed, 3.) The winds are mild as are the temperatures (77-87 degrees in mid summer). Less winds means less waves and hence less trash and seaweed on the beach as well. Some days the waves are merely slow rollers paced 15 to 20 seconds apart, creating an entrancing rhythm that makes you want to just grab a beverage and a hammock and chill 4.) The east-west orientation of this beach means that the morning and setting sun lands at unique angles that creates softer tones and incredible colors you might not expect. No wonder so many families and wedding parties make this their backdrop for their photo shoots. In many ways, the beaches at Destin are uniquely stunning. No wonder people flock here in droves and pay exorbitant prices to visit even for just a few days. Destin Beach is REALLY that good!!
Destin Florida has some of the pretties, cleanliest beaches I've ever seen (only comparison would be Cayman Island). The sand is s a beautiful off white color with the consistency of sugar (seriously).  The beach rightfully earns its name Emerald Coast with its beautiful colored water. There are plenty of hotels and restaurants along the beach and there are attendants renting chairs and umbrellas for a reasonable price. Parceling, jet skis, paddleboards and kayaking are also available for a fee. My only personal rant is that I enjoy collecting seashells and there are none but I'll take that up with Mother Nature. Destin is family friendly and a perfect weekend getaway.
Destin has been my favorite beach I've visit thus far. All the other reviews are true. The sand is beautiful, the beaches are clean, and the water is clear. When we first came here I completely forgot the water was clear and my swim suit came off... And yeah, I'm pretty sure people saw more of me than they wanted, haha. Our time at the beach was amazing! It really is beautiful all the time. The only thing that happened that was bad was there was a day of heavy seaweed and I guess where we were swimming was close to a crabs nest or something because I literally had a lot of tiny baby baby crabs in my swim suit! It was soooooo itchy! I initially thought it was seaweed but turns out they were legit crabs I had to pull out of my suit :(. But other than that I had a perfect time at the beach! We will definitely be back!
If you ask me what my favorite place in the world is, I will tell you Destin.  If you ask any one that knows me what my favorite place in the world is they will tell you Destin.  My family and I normally go to Destin for a week or more in the summer and a couple weekends each fall and spring. Occasionally you can find me there in December. I have been to beaches all over the United States and Florida. I have even been to the Keys, and I have never seen a beach more beautiful than the ones in Destin.  I almost hate to post it on a review, as I hate to see the beaches get more crowed, but I take my reviews seriously, and if you want to know about Destin Beaches, I'll fill you in.   The beaches are breathtaking. The sand is soft and white; it is so smooth that is squeaks when you walk on it. They comb the beaches every morning so you aren't stepping on rocks or trash like other beaches. At night, the moon shines on the sand and the water. You step on the beach and see people with flashlights chasing snow crabs and catching fish with little nets in the surf. As you walk along the shore you pass couples in love, teenagers telling lies, families laughing, people fishing with these huge poles, and squealing little kids getting their bare feet and ankles nipped by the cool water.  Everyone's face is red from the sun and the smiles are genuine, you can see it in their eyes.   In the morning, you can see the most brilliant sunrises. Even though I have stood in the cool white sand and watched the sun come up countless times, it still makes us silent, watching the sun the moment it pops up on the horizon.  Its like being there for the birth of a new day in paradise. Slowly the beaches fill and people lie in the sun enjoying the white sand and brilliant green water the color of an old fashioned coke bottle. They play in the surf, dig holes, and make mountains, cars, bears, dogs, smiles and  sometimes  even castles out of sand. The sun makes you lazy and you can doze to the murmur of people, music, and kids playing. Destin is like a second home. When you are there, it belongs to you. This rating does not specifically address the traffic in Destin, which gets more crowded each year.  Sometimes the traffic is bumper to bumper and it takes an hour to get just a few miles. People on Bicycles can move more efficiently than vehicles.  Every restaurant is crowed and the wait can be over an hour at certain times of the day.  Tourist traps are packed and nothing away from the beach is much fun.  We tried to bowl this past summer, and the wait for one lane was 70 minutes. This can be frustrating for people trying  to get somewhere quickly and get back to the beach.   The evening in the events are worth seeing if you can find a place to park and battle the traffic. If you truly want to enjoy the beach in Destin, take what you need with you and minimize your time in the car. Just don't forget that it's ok to smile and say good morning.
Love this place!! Its absolutely beautiful here~
Great beach. No seagulls. No seaweed.  Crystal clear water. White sand. Very Clean.  Enough said!
This is one of the most beautiful beaches in the US!  Pretty green clear water and powder white sand. It is a little over crowded and all condo's.  There is plenty to do, but I am going to be at the beach,
One of the most beautiful beaches you'll ever see. It's a great place for the family, and it's super clean. The water is always changing, but for the most part it is pretty clear and always has sandbars which area awesome. You'll find lots to do right off the beach as well, so you can spend the entire day or weekend there and still not have done everything.
Pictures are so deceiving sometimes. People said Sept. is not a good time for Florida due to hurricane season, but since it was a memorial wknd (end of Aug and beginning of Sept.), we gave it a shot anyways. The condos are definitely much cheaper during this time. It was a 12hrs drive from Dallas to Destin. When I got there, I was dissappointed that the water wasn't blue and clear. As a matter of fact it was brownish and a lot of seaweed. The white sand was beautiful though. It was so fine like powder. Destin is definitely not knowing for good eat. They have mediocre restaurants and seafood markets. People in Destin are very friendly, but the tourist that comes here are a bunch of douchebags. We also went fishing and barely caught any fishes. I had no luck with crabbing either. The jetski experience was a lot of fun. Saw dolphins, stinkrays, sharks, and jelly fishes. Overall, it was a mediocre experience in Destin. Just don't ever come here after Sept. I guess, but will definitely return during summer time.
A huge beach that extends for a mile. Parking was easy. Alongside the beach beautiful hotels, restaurants and houses are located right next to it. Since this beach is located inside a golf the water is extremely clean clean of seaweed. The sand does not really absorb the heat so you can go barefoot. There are many seats and umbrellas you can rent for an arm and a leg. You can also learn how to semi surf and canoe from instructions here. This place is not really crowded due to its huge surface area and length. I would come back to this place any time. Cheers!
This beach is beautiful. BEA-UTIFUL. Sand. The best kind of sand possible. Powdery, white, and soft; it's better than snow. It's the kind of sand that makes it's a SIN to wear any sort of foot coverings. I don't care if you're ninety-three and can't walk -- make someone carry you to the beach, because there's no better feeling than digging your feet into that sand and wiggling your toes around. Bonus: it's relatively free of seaweed, (painful) crushed shells, and sticks too! Ocean. This water is flippin' fabulous. So what if I had to drive seven hours to swim in it? Worth every minute in that car. It's so clear, you can see the ground. Straight to the bottom, no creepy patches of seaweed or sketchy shadows to make you paranoid or wary of swimming. Nope. Swim to your heart's content, because this water is clearer than most public swimming pools, just sayin'. I saw a sea turtle swimming below me, that's how unclouded it was. Warning: the water is saltier than dipping a pound of McDonald's fries into a vat of straight fish sauce; your eyes may burn if you're unaccustomed to the water. Waves. Just crazy enough for body surfing and wave jumping, just calm enough to go paddle-boarding. Awesome. Note: if you're not paying attention, the waves'll smack you in the face and then you're left with burning eyes. -__- Convenience. Tons of beach chairs and umbrellas are available for rent (daily rate is roughly $30), which saves you the hassle of having to lug all that stuff around. Less lugging = more relaxing. The math doesn't lie. Space. This is probably one of the least crowded beaches I've been on. No fighting the crowd for a tiny parcel of sand, just plop your stuff down and head for the waters. I came at the most random times and the beach still had plenty of moving room. All in all, love it. I love it so much, I'll move here one day and pay someone to carry me to the sand so I can wiggle my toes and watch the sunset.
Destin beach is one of the best beaches in the world and the snow white snow and emerald water makes the most beautiful views.  Walking through the sand is an experience in itself as the sand is very fine and clean feeling and as it is so incredibly white, really gives you the sensation of crunching through snow. I have been back to this beach several times over the years and despite travelling all over the world, I always love coming back to see the beaches at Destin.
it's been almost a year, and I still daydream about this beach. Sugar sand and clear, warm, emerald water. One of the most beautiful beaches I've ever seen. As if that weren't great enough, no open container restrictions! Yes, as a California girl (for some weird reason, Florida has more conservative liquor sale regulations, but we have more conservative drinking-in-public laws), this excites me a great deal. Some areas of the coast we visited were empty, calm, and serene. Other areas were more lively, with people bringing coolers of drinks, drinks for purchase, games to play in the sand, and in one case, a sofa with built-in speakers. This was unheard of for me, as the only way I can drink on the beach at home is to bring "water" or have a towel handy for when cops come by. This beach has something for everyone, whether you're here with family, friends, or just want some quiet time. And it's absolutely gorgeous, better-looking than any photos I could show you. I'm off to buy a lotto ticket so I can go back and visit!
We decided to stop by Destin Friday rather than going straight to Pensacola, and it was an amazing time! Destin beaches are probably one of the cleanest beaches I have been too, and I've been to beaches all along the western coast and quite a few on the eastern coast as well. The waters are clear, and the sand is the whitest sand could be. The waters are also not as salty, where it burns your face. I always said that I'm not a beach person, but a beach like this, it'll make anyone a beach person. I'm begging my boyfriend to go here for Memorial Day weekend since we have a traditional to go fishing with his dad every Memorial Day weekend, especially since my friends will be tagging along this time.
Destin has lovely beaches.  Nice pretty white sand.  Pretty blue water. My complaint are for you mofo's that get the frozen drinks from the stand on the beach, and leave your black straws all over the beach.  I mean ALL OVER.  WTF, people??  It takes like no effort to clean up your effin trash. *End rant*
Clear blue water, soft white sand, sun shining, puffy clouds, drink in hand, and friends all around...HEAVEN. This is the nicest beach I have ever been to.  I didn't want to leave, I could lay out all day long.  It made me realize why Houston Real Estate is so cheap...the WEATHER! I went to west coast and the east coast and realized here in the south of Texas the weather is AWFUL. This will be an annual DESTINation from now on.
I came here for New Year's... We got to the Airport around 10PMish... (there are two of these) And were whisked away by friends. They had use of a condo in San Destin (or something) It's an over developed little strip of sand that caters to the summer crowd. The best food you could eat will be that which you make at home. Your other options are chain restaurants and tourist traps that are just waiting for summer season. I was not impressed.   And the traffic - nothing like Atlanta - was a steady 32 miles an hour... ERMIGOHOD!! But I loved spending time with my friends and the time we spent at the condo, cooking and watching bad TV, made the trip so much worth it. #12/365 #12/100
Destin is, hands down, the most beautiful beach I've ever visited. Have I gone to every beach, everywhere? No. But I have been to beaches in San Diego, Ft. Lauderdale, and Riviera Maya, Mexico, and Destin totally wins. Soft, silky sand and very rarely do you get the "Spring break" crowd. This area is mostly a getaway for families, so, you're trading in the drunken 19 year old, shotgunning a natty, for small children and their parents. Pick your poison, I guess? I'd much rather listen to children laughing. A lot of the condos/resorts offer private beaches, too, so there's usually plenty of opportunities to find a space large enough to relax in peace. One of my favorite vacation spots!!
I absolutely love Destin so naturally I love the beach. Being from New Orleans I don't get to see such beautiful water, so blue I love it. I could stare at it all day.  Very serene and pleasant environment. Definitely one of my favorite beaches. Another thing I love about the area, it seems so family oriented saw many families on the beach, I saw no craziness, although I'm sure you can have that type of fun on the beach as well. Get you a good book and sit on the beach and enjoy! Or take a nice walk along the beach close to the water. Its definitely clean area and bathrooms are actually easy to find, I had no problems. Destin is probably my Number 1 Vacation Destination, these days.
A really nice beach with white sand. When I went this past July, the water was suuuuper salty and was filled with a bunch of algae and seaweed. It was still beautiful. The cool part is you can rent beach chairs and umbrellas. My family didn't do that but I was very envious of those who did.
Destin beach is as nice as anywhere in the continental U.S. It has clear emerald/blue water w/ white powdery sand. It was great that I didn't see any meatheads on the beach. There were nothing but familes.
We are going back for the third year in a row. Having Galveston as the first beach I ever went to this was an amazing surprise, who knew not all beach water was brown. This beach is not crowded, or dirty, and Destin has plenty to offer. There are lots of attractions, and all year round there are fun events going on. So be sure to do a little research before going.
I am a snob about the beach. Really, once you've been to the Caribbean I'm pretty sure it's hard to enjoy another beach in the continental US again. But who can afford to go to the Caribbean all the time? Despite the fact that apparently everyone from Ohio goes to Destin I hadn't been before...but I'm so glad I went! The beaches are wide with white sand and beautiful blue water. There is lots are lots of shopping and other activities, and best of all, it doesn't have the typical tacky-Florida feel. Honestly, I didn't do too many of the activites or shopping because I was mostly doing nothing on the beach, but I did see stuff to do. I have been to Hilton Head several  times before which is another favorite getaway from Cincinnati and is also nice. I think the town of Hilton Head may be nicer but the beach in Destin is better!
The most beautiful beach I have every seen in the United States. As close to the Caribbean as you can get. We spent our Honeymoon here in a Condo on the beach and it was absolutely perfect. We went during the off season which was great because it was still warm enough to enjoy without the major crowds & we had lots of privacy in the condo.  The sand is perfect, almost snow-like.  I have coworkers who vacation here annually & I had always heard it was nice. Two years ago, driving back to Texas from Florida, I begged my then boyfriend to make a detour so we could see it because we were not that far away. We were both blown away ! It was an easy sell when we were trying to find a quick getaway for our Honeymoon that we decided on at that last minute. It was perfect & we now have such a wonderful memory of this beautiful place.
Great beach and worth the drive. I pass the Alabama and Pensacola beaches to get to Destin. The weekend after labor day is a good time to go instead of choosing the over crowded labor day holiday weekend. This past visit wasn't the best because of large amounts of seaweed on the beaches but that could happen anywhere.
I live here. Any everyone below me that is complaining are u serious? It's called Mother Nature. It's called rain? It's called red tide? When we have a rainy season , which this last summer was one of our wettest, the water can't possibly be its normal blue green. It's getting stirred around. People sound so spoiled and selfish to say you were disappointed in our beaches. We take pride where we live. Even if the water isn't blue green , bc it isn't everyday , but it's beautiful. Please show some respect! Destin is one if the most beautiful places in the world!!! :) if you can't respect our beaches , don't come and share!
The beaches are the most incredible white sand.  The gulf waters are crystal colored light blue and teal.  This is one of the most beautiful beaches that I have ever visited!
Destin has a beautiful beach with it's sugary white sand and blue ocean water. The beach was not crowded this past weekend at all and it was very clean. The water was a little on the cold side, but we made it work for us by jumping in for a quick swim then coming back to the beach to warm up in the hot sunshine. The waves this past weekend were big swells on the 4 foot side at some points during the day, one could have easily surfed them. The wind was blowing between 5 and 25 mph during our beach adventure. During our stay on the beach we erected a huge canopy on the beach to shield us from the sun. Our third day there the wind became so strong that the canopy gave way and was torn to shreds. We thought "oh no, we are going to have to take this pile of junk back with us" the .5 miles we were staying from the beach; but luckily for us the lifeguard came to the rescue and called in the trash truck that was happy to come down to our site and pick up the junked canopy. So not only a beautiful beach, but also very friendly and helpful employees of the beach too.   I use to be an Atlantic snob, but since this past week at Destin I think now I am a Gulf snob.
We definitely love this area - the water and the atmosphere are so ideal.  It's a great place to relax, take pics, and just enjoy.  I do, agree with Kristie A. though - please clean up after yourself, folks.  It really detracts from the enjoyment and isn't cool or environmentally friendly at all!
Beautiful beach...super white sand and clear water.  Very clean but very busy for "off season".  Worth the travel....
Fantastic.  I've seen almost every major beach in the continental United States, and a few of the best beaches in Hawaii.  Destin's beach ranks among the best of them.   Specifics/Advice: - Water color:  fabulous (normally...understand that weather and other factors can impact that) - Sand: white and pure - Swimming area: clean and safe--no underwater structures or rocks...just clean, white sand - People: 1.  Most of the locals you meet will be pretty friendly and hospitable.   2.  Some of the people who operate the resorts can be real jerks about water-front chair space...a pet peeve for me.   Some operators will position chairs/umbrellas along the entire span of beach behind their property, edge to edge, completely blocking the beach.  That crap will sit there all day long, even if nobody is sitting in it.   I'm not one for suggesting new laws...we have more than enough already.  But I don't think the city of Destin should allow these operators to block the beach front with empty chairs and umbrellas, unless those owners actually have exclusive rights to their section of beach.   There should be a specific limit on how much of the beach they can cover with empty chairs.  I think the city of Destin should restrict operators from putting out chairs/umbrellas on any more than 50% of the frontage behind their property unless and until all the chairs they have in place are in use (not just reserved...real butts in the chairs). 3.  Spring-Breakers:  Destin is a family-friendly kind of place.  Most of the college kids come here to enjoy the beach...not to get drunk and stupid.  There will be a few groups of college kids that get a bit wild.  But not many.  The idiots who drive to the south to kill brain cells and find a random sperm-donor(s) gravitate to Panama City...the girls must be less "fussy" there.  I don't think they sell penicillin shots and "morning after" pills right on the beach in Panama City.  But it'll probably happen soon. 4.  Cops:  Through Spring Break the cops are everywhere.  If you're on the beach they're watching you.  Cops tend to sit near the parking lots and watch the beach with optics.  If you bring a glass bottle to the beach, or you're drinking and you look like you're under-age, you can expect to them, face to face.   - Critters:  All the ocean critters you could expect to see anywhere in water of the temperature and Latitude of Destin's beach are also here, in our waters.  Specific to the critters you might worry about: -- Sharks: Bull shark, sand shark, hammerhead, mako...you name the shark, and they're probably swimming within a mile as you sit there in the warm, white sand (an 1,100+ lb mako was caught near Navarre a few years ago).  The most significant danger of shark attack is to those who position themselves along the deep water edge of the outer sand bar.  Destin's beach has a sand bar (shallower water) about 100 yards offshore, and runs along the beach for miles, well beyond Destin.  The sharks that are here tend to cruise along the outer sand bar, in deeper water.  In general, those few sharks that come into the very shallow water do so when the sun is not high in the sky (early morning/late afternoon).  To reduce your risk: 1. Stay inside the outer sand bar 2. If you're bleeding (in any way), be extra cautious, especially early morning or late afternoon.   3. Be more alert for "shadows" in the water early in the morning or late in the afternoon.  If you're swimming after dark, you're asking for it.  Hint: The shark fishermen come to the beach just before dark! -- Rays: shuffle your feet as you walk...they'll get out of your way -- Jellyfish: Seasonal...but we get 'em.  If you're worried about getting stung, buy that micro-knit "swim" clothing ( landsend.com/products/me…)  they sell for sun protection. Jellyfish cannot sting through it.
Best beaches in the continental United States.
I live in California and the beaches here are nowhere near as beautiful as Destin. Crab Island is a must. Too bad Destins' people can't be as beautiful as their beaches. I don't mean beautiful from the outside, rather from the inside. Desin's people are so abnoxious. It seems like they've never seen a non-white  family vacation there before. Even my 15 year old sister noticed it. Fort Walton Beach has nicer people.   Was thinking of moving there but instead of shopping at Destin, I planned to shop at Fort Walton Beach. Yeah, that shows how uncomfortable Destin's people make me.
Clear blue waters and white sand, can't ask for much more. If you go at the right time you miss the huge crowds.
The sand the water the waves. This place is pretty awesome.
The beaches in Destin are beautiful with soft sugar white sand and fairly clear water.  This is one of the better beaches in the south east.  It is crowded in the summer so that is the only reason why it does not get the five stars.
This has to be one of the most beautiful beaches in the world.  I have found that it's a great place for families as there is just enough cheesy stuff to do without being over the top like Panama City Beach.
Destin Beaches... Gorgeous!  Sand is so white and powdery the sun reflects off.. never hot to walk on them!  Our 3rd year and going back again (and again!). Super surrounding areas for sightseeing and shopping.   Nice towns nearby like Seaside, Santa Rosa & Grayton Beach.
I have to say, I was so excited to visit the beaches in these pictures. Unfortunately, the only accuracy in the amazing pictures of Destin was the sand. The water was so gross. It was black and green with algae and seaweed and grass. It got into our bathing suits and was really super gross. The water was not a crystal clear blue, we couldn't see anything past all the black grass and green algae. I would not drive back to Destin for that. I'm not sure why everyone else says this place was so great. We went Aug 31st-Sep 3 and tried multiple beach sites. My advice, don't be too excited for something that looks awesome, because it really was a huge disappointment.
Best beaches around!!!  Sugar white sand and clear water.  We go toward the end of August, so it's never crowded.
I've been to Destin twice and I long for its beaches every single day of my life. The beach is beautiful - the water is clear, the sand is soft and white. The times I've gone it has not been too crowded or unbearably hot with an umbrella (a must, IMO). We saw dolphins several times, little crabs, schools of fish, and jellyfish(!)
Destin is gorgeous! I was contemplating moving here, but Destin's people are full of it!  Maybe I can live in Destin and shop in Okaloosa or Fort Walton Beach- to try and not have to interact with such obnoxious people.  Sad that such beautiful beaches can't have beautiful people living in it. Anyway, crab Island is awesome and especially Norriega Point.
