I'm here visiting family and was looking for somewhere to get my hair done. My mom had been talking about this awesome little place that she had gotten her's done at but they had moved and she couldn't find them. Well we drove pass and decided to stop and see if they could fit me in. Well we were surprised that it was her place.. The place is on the small and is decorated in golds and browns with Picasso painting hanging up. It has an old world feel to and to me i loved it. I was a walk in and they were able to seat me immediately with an awesome stylist named Mary. She was very down to earth and friendly and I was able to talk to her about a variety of topics. She did an amazing job on my hair. I wanted an off shade of red and she was able to take the picture I had and match the color perfectly. She kept asking me if I liked this or that and made sure that I was completely happy with everything. Both the owner and his wife work inside the store and they work very hard at keeping it clean and neat and both of them are very approachable and friendly. Overall yes this place is small, but I'm looking forward to going back on my next visit and hopefully next time I can get my nails done by the award winning manicurist. (Saw her working on a few clients and she seemed very friendly and did great work) (noticed someone talked about parking, its off to the side and behind the building)
one of the worst pedicures i've ever gotten. the gal barely did anything to my feet. got french tips, and the paint was lopsided, and had many layers on it. sad to say, the pedicure only last for a week, normally i can go a month before having to get another pedicure. was really disappointed.
First, the salon itself, 3 stars. Front parking is limited (not sure if there's parking in the back) and awkward...it's on a very busy intersection on Miracle Strip and there just isn't enough room to maneuver. Inside, the radio is on a hits station (no custom, ad free stations or soothing spa ipod mixes here). The decor is primarily an ancient Mediterranean look (think Hellenistic artwork, statues and columns with a golden stucco-like paint job on the walls)--overall a pleasing idea, but the theme is jarred by mismatched antique furniture and random black and white Marilyn Monroe and Elvis photos (why not add James Dean to the depressing gallery of tragedy?) Speaking of depressing, the vibe here is just weird...None of the girls were chatting happily with their clients or each other, but not because it was a hushed, serene atmosphere. It was controlled chaos, with the little people did say being about scheduling issues, people putting tools and things in random places (like the guy at the register putting my used toe separators on the window seal next to the register), and the general tension in the air.  Lastly, the guy at the register had to use a calculator to figure my total. If your register doesn't do the math, why not just use an abucus in keeping with the ancient theme?   Yes, maybe I'm describing this place in way too much detail, but frankly, it's hard to explain why it had a weird environment...it just did. On the plus side, they took a tip from Aveda and provide a beverage during your wait/service, and if you sign up for emails, you get a coupon in your inbox for your next visit (not that I'll be using it...). Next, my pedicure, three stars. Brittany was sweet and did a pretty good job with the shaping, etc--I didn't have to ask for any changes/adjustments. Also, she did a great job with the exfoliation stuff. It didn't tickle or feel like my skin was being scuffed to death.  However, my nail polish started chipping within a week, which is a first for me after years of pedis, even though I chose an OPI color. That alone frustrates me a lot because usually I have to get another pedi because my nails have grown out, not because the color has ever chipped. Last, my brow wax by Whitney. In a word, DISASTER!!!  This is the first time I have gotten burned in YEARS, and as for the shape, my husband described the look as "inquisitive". GAH!  As soon as I got home, I spent a good twenty minutes trying to even them out.. One was closer to my nose than the other, the arches had different shapes (thus the "inquisitive" appearance), and the tips had different widths. I really don't think it could have possibly been any worse, and I don't have weird, tricky brows either. They're about as symmetrical as humanly possible and in fact, I usually get complimented on their natural shape--all they needed was a little cleaning up. How did I let this happen?  The girl who did them was really friendly and chatty... Other than telling her the wax was too hot, I was distracted and I'm a friendly, trusting person in general, so after I told her what needed adjusting after looking in the mirror, I just trusted her.  Stupid, stupid, stupid me. To top it off, I broke out a little afterwards too. I wasn't satisfied with these very simple services, and so I'm sorry to say I won't be back for a nail or wax service, much less trusting the staff here with my finicky hair.
Great place! Neat and Tidy. I was in town on TDY, I had no appointment, and yet, they fit me in.
We are here on vacation & took my 3 year old and 8 year old to Bella to get feathers and hair flare!  They were very nice, quick and affordable. The outside of the place looks a little low rent but, it's all good inside.
Stopped by here based on Yelp reviews for a quick pedicure while on vacation.  Very glad I did! It was busy, but Marty was welcoming and fit me in with very little wait.  Best pedicure I've had! Peamy was amazing. Professional, efficient, and friendly.  She really does quality work, very attentive to details.  Next time I'm in town, I'll definitely go back to Bella.
This was the worst experience I've ever had with my nails. I called and made an appt for shellac nails  and pedicure ...was told they definitely did them. after waiting at least 30 min I sat down to what was to be a 3 hour ordeal to say the least. WAIT... it gets worse..... Returning home I went to my regular salon and they could not get the shellac off. We called Bella Day Spa During this process & really wasn't told anything other than to do what we were doing...... This was in MAY and finally in SEPT my nails had grown enough to finally rid myself of the pink sparkle.They knew from my phone call from Indiana just how upset I was... You can only soak in acetone so long....the cuticles dry up and the nails get very sore fron trying to remove whatever they used.this went on for not weeks but months!!!!they had my name and address and phone #.... but never did they inquire about the condition of my nails or at least an apology....Just an inquiry would have been nice ...if only to find out what they did wrong.I do know the name of the girl but what good would it do ... They didn't care then so you know they don't care now. Zero stars is not an option but that is my rating.
I decided to visit this salon after hearing very good feedback from several friends and coworkers. I called a day prior to make an appointment and the receptionist was very prompt and professional. She was able to schedule me with Jennifer and asked in detail what I wanted done. Although the salon doesn't look like much from the outside, the inside is very clean and polished. Nothing over the top or pretentious, just comfortable. I showed Jennifer pictures of the style and gave her a brief history of my hair. I've had some bad experiences in the past and was nervous of what the outcome might be, however Jennifer was quick to put me at ease with her down to earth attitude. One thing I really liked was that she explained to me what she was doing and why, and was honest about what I shouldn't do to my hair because of it's texture. This girl really knows what she's doing! I'll definitely be doing more business with Bella for all my beauty needs.
