This is my favorite gym anywhere ever. It's not for everyone. It's not fancy. There's no locker room. But there are also not meatheads or rude people on phones or people staring at themselves in the mirror. What you do find here are a wide range of people working hard at their own levels. Boxing, MMA, Crossfit-like Spartan training, circuit training, powerlifting, and the best of all: kettlebell. The trainers are to a person fantastic. The community which I've found here is something I treasure. It's a diverse clientele: young, old, straight, gay, male, female, trying to lose weight, trying to add muscle, training for competition, etc.
I've been a member of many Gyms in Buffalo. I love this place! This is the only fitness facility that I have really enjoyed being a part of. The trainers that I have personally worked with at KC's - Kevin, Shawn, Max, Pietro, Joe, really give you what you want - a workout that is challenging, unique, and powerfully rewarding! Great people. The roots of KC's go deep - caring and motivating. Most people who go there feel the same...it's different. Great classes - kettle-bells, popular boxing classes, MMA, Aikido, killer challenge workouts (16 - 21 day). The reason for my review - Results: I have finally lost weight, my blood pressure has dropped (no meds), dropped pant sizes, so much stronger, seeing muscles that I had no idea existed, and I have established a great community where I really enjoy being.
Moving to Buffalo for grad school, I tried a few gyms around the area but was easily bored and quickly dreaded spending an hour on the elliptical. I had never thought that I would be one to try boxing, but the classes are much more than that! Time is of the essence and at KCs, you will consistently get a workout that will leave you feeling great. My mentality towards fitness completely switched from what I saw as a chore to now something I look forward to and is an integral part of each day. The instruction is hard to beat and will leave you motivated beyond these four walls.
Even in the middle of winter, it's nice and warm there! I started coming to KC's fitness because I wanted a new workout, I didn't want to actually box. I didn't want to fight. That's a relatively disrespectful thing to say to a group of martial arts experts who dedicate themselves to teaching self-defense to the community. So, I wasn't in the right mindset from the start, but they were very accepting. Everyone helps. Everyone is patient. You learn so much in these classes. Don't be afraid to start because you'll start picking things up as soon as you enter the gym. The walls are even painted with words of wisdom. After just a few classes, and paying plenty of attention, I began seeing a larger lesson in motion. Techniques start connecting. Now I am able to learn from each and every person during the classes at KC's Fitness. It's an experience that I started with low aspirations and after only about a month I plan on making this a life-long activity.
