Frequent customer, absolutely love this place.  Everyone is so sweet and extremely welcoming. Definitely a repeat customer!
A great yelp find while on vacation! These ladies are so nice and so friendly. Priced well and a good color selection. We went at the end of the season, so there was no wait and they really took their time. Wish we could take them back to Texas with us!
Great place!! I was on vacation & saw all the great reviews on yelp, so I tried them out. Loved my pedicure & had them do a design I found on Pinterest & did wonderful! I will be back!
My experience here was wonderful!! Visited last week while on vacation in Destin because of all of the great reviews.  ASK FOR ANNETTE...she was absolutely WONDERFUL. Courteous, professional, and extremely talented! My mani-pedi is over a week old now, and it STILL looks fabulous; still receiving compliments on it, in fact! This is the salon I will visit whenever we come to Destin!
My friend and I are from San Antonio and used yelp to find this place! They are amazing and cater to their clients. We had a great time and chitchat with the ladies there. We will definitely be coming back.
My husband and I were in search of a place for pedicure services while in Ft. Walton / Destin beach area. It was his first ever pedicure and also it was our anniversary so we wanted to go somewhere he would feel comfortable on his first visit to a nail spa, as well as a nice experience to start our anniversary together.  We checked at our hotel front desk, but they didn't have a recommendation.  So I searched online and the yelp reviews for Daiyah's convinced me that we should go there. We were super-pleased with the service we received. The staff was very courteous and skilled at their work. The owner's son-in-law did my pedicure and polish change on my hands. He massaged my feet perfectly!!. They offered our beverage of choice and indulged us with great service in an impeccable and friendly salon. They were skilled in visiting with tourists and made us feel welcomed and relaxed. My husband's feet turned out great and he really enjoyed his first pedicure experience. The owner and her daughter came in as my nail polish was drying; she was enjoying the morning off and mentioned shopping discounts at the area outlet mall; which I was glad to learn of. Overall they had a very nice family-owned establishment that offered excellent service in a remarkably clean and stylish environment.
Absolutely love this place. Great ambiance and the staff are amazing. Every spoke English, so there was great communications. My shellac lasted over three weeks and I love it. Nina did such a wonderful job. Will definitely be back! So if your in the area, this hidden gem is worth a try.
What a treat! The folks at Daliyah are wonderful. They were helpful and answered my questions nicely (I've had folks at other nail places react with serious snark when I asked about gel nail polish). The pedi was divine (I just got the regular one). They have super cute princess chairs for little princess pedis, too. And my mani was nice too. The polish lasted a few days, as usual - but maybe a day or so longer than usual (almost a week without a chip - and I traveled, too!). And, when I went to pay, I learned I qualified for a special discount! Score! I'll be back for sure!
I love Shellac! I was in town for a few weeks and needed a mani - am so glad I came here! The staff was awesome and friendly, the place is laid out very well with the pedi chairs in the back to separate the place. I was helped immediately upon entering and the guy who did my manicure was fantastic. Would highly recommend!
This new business will be a great addition to Destin. The people are super nice and professional. And their work is outstanding.
Great experience! Very friendly and classy place, right off of Hwy 98 (near Target). Tony was super helpful today as I was trying to decide what nails to get for my wedding and he did a fantastic job! I also got my eyebrows waxed, she very quick and they looked great.  All this and back to work in 1 hr. I will definitely be going here again.
Great gel manicure and spa pedicure.  Extremely friendly.  Clean and sanitized instruments.  Super comfy spa chairs.  Only tiny complaint is that they didn't seem set up to do gel manicure and pedicure at the same time so I was there more than 1 1/2 hrs.  But would absolutely go back !
Disappointed... They did my pedicure so fast I had to wait longer for it to dry then the actual time it took for for them to complete it.    My friend got a manicure and it was the same thing... Wet polish on wet polish-two different techs.   I would not recommend.
Best pedi I've ever had. The staff is amazing!! Friendly, clean, and a incredibly relaxing atmosphere.
We vacation here every summer and were looking for a great salon to spend a little kid free time away from the beach.  This salon exceeded our expectations.  The prices were reasonable, but the service was what you would find in a hotel spa.  The technicians were so thorough and attentive and took their time to make sure we had perfect nails.  My friend had the gel nails done and has been extremely happy with them too!  Daliyah will become part of our yearly visit now.  Thank you!
Come here for pedicures and waxing and they do a wonderful job! Clean, clean, clean!!! Friendly staff make the pedicures a relaxing experience. Wouldn't go anywhere else!!! :)
Ah-mah-zing!! As a self-proclaimed mani/pedi expert, I must say this place is as good as it gets. I'm a frequent business traveler and have gone to many a nail salon on the East Coast. Nothing compares to Daliyah!
Ask for Nina she's great!!! The whole staff made our wedding weekend so special....great for the "big day" it was so fun!!
I walked in on a Monday morning during Spring Break and was seated right away for a pedicure. Good service, clean facility and tools, good price. The only draw back was Internet didn't work so they couldn't process payment when i was ready to leave. I only had enough in my wallet for the tip so I had to call my husband to come meet me with cash.
What a great experience!  I walked in on a Tuesday morning for a pedicure.  No wait.  The salon and tools were clean, the decor was tasteful, and the people were friendly.  The massage chairs were comfortable and I actually felt relaxed instead of beat up!  The prices seemed very reasonable, especially for the quality of salon and service.  Evan did a great job on my poor neglected toes, and I will definitely be back!
