When I walk into the main entrance of The Harn, I feel like I'm transported to a large metropolitan city.  Even the patrons that you encounter are not your average Gainesville crowd.  They are mostly open during daylight hours, and for a good reason, most of the building is lit by large skylights.   Photos are allowed inside as long as you turn off the flash. If you arrive during the week, I recommend parking in the metered spaces in front of the Natural History Museum because they are about $0.25-0.50 per hour, instead of the booth that charges $4 or more.  The weekends are your best bet, because parking is completely free during that time.  However, you will have to battle it out for parking spaces with the students that are using the fields across the street.  Most of them are still drunk from the night before and have very bad parking habits.  There was one car that was parked across four spaces last time we were there. There is always something new and exciting going on and exhibits are rotated out constantly.  Visiting once a month is a new experience every time.  The new Asian Wing is why I visited last time-  there are rooms specifically for Korea, Japan, China, and the religions of India.  My favorite part is the meditation garden. There are many classes for children and a small library.   Visiting is completely free, however a small donation is encouraged.  There is no one there to take your money or pressure you, just a clear drop box for cash/checks. You can arrange for a museum tour in English, as well as other languages depending on the volunteer you request to be your guide.  There were many tours going on during our last visit, and we would sometimes follow to learn more about the collections. The cafe is open now and offers dishes like Korean Nachos and other Asian inspired items.  I have not tried the food yet, but it is more of a cafeteria setting that appears to be more of the the staff.
FREE admission for art lovers everywhere! This art museum deserves a second visit. I was very impressed with the exhibit "Fashioning Kimono: Art Deco and Modernism in Japan" (Thanks, Coty S., for suggesting it). There were many different kimonos on display from the late 1800's and early 1900's, during Japan's transition from traditional clothing to modern clothing. Some were very simple pattern designs, while others were more elaborate with floral embroidery, or golden threaded whiskers on mice painted into the design. My favorite part of this particular exhibit were the photographs in which you could peek into daily life in Japan during this time of transition. One of my favorite photos was a photo of two girls. The older girl dressed in a western style school girl outfit talking to a younger girl wearing a kimono. Another favorite photo of mine was a mother dressed in a kimono with her son wearing western-style clothing. Even the permanent African collection is thought provoking with its many carvings and sculptures. I wonder how long it took someone to carve details that intricate into some of the works featured here. My favorite in this collection was the doorknocker sculpture featuring the man and woman figures guarding the doorway. I see on the website that this museum also features an Asian collection and modern works which include some by O'Keefe and Monet, but we were in a rush so we didn't get to check them out.
Pretty nice place! Free admission with a spot to drop a donation. It has lots of fantastic art from people you may not have heard about in the past so its very educational. They even have a Monet! At first the person I was with was not impressed till he saw the Monet. So if you are a fan of his work you should come visit. But be careful if you get to close to it an alarm will go off! The down side was the parking was pretty bad :( and you can not take photos.
Free museums are the bee's knees! Heck, free anything is the bee's knees. Gainesville may be small-town potatoes, but at least they can offer not one, but two free museums right next to each other. Kudos, UF! The rotating exhibits here are pretty much always interesting, and the permanent collection is lovely as well. Occasional events with performances in the lobby are very fun as well. A gift shop, a little cafe (which was delicious, if a bit pricey), and a meeting room that regularly hosts kids' craft activities are all good things. A few outdoor installations are a nice touch, but a more-dedicated outdoor space would really enhance the museum. Be careful if attending on a weekday - parking is somewhat confusing to a non-student or non-resident and you can easily get a fat ticket very quickly.
Given the relative youth of this museum, the collection is quite good, and the rotating shows have been really good. Last year they had a show on  MiMo and Maurice Lapidus. *love* That show made me very very happy. At present there is an amazing show with works by professor emeritus Jack Nichelson - I want one of those little trailer reliquaries more than anything I can think of at present. Currently they are adding a wing specifically for Asian art - its like a mini Met here with all the collection diversity. Ok, thats a bit much, but for a museum in Gainesville, its far and away better than you might expect. And its free (with a suggested donation). I'm a grad student, so I go with free. The cafe in the lower level closes at 3, so if you are thirsty get down there before they close. Not a bad space to chill in for a bit. Not tried the food yet, no opinion there. Nice little gift shop for those so inclined. The only downsides - they charge for parking during the week. Fail. And the entry is really stupidly designed given that this is Florida. Architects hate awnings and other useful things that benefit people, they get in the way of a good photo. /sigh. Also: There is a hands on area where you can inspect items they own that are related to the exhibitions, but are not 'museum' quality. Just don't goof up and pick them up without the required white gloves like I did. Oops.
Very nice, clean space. Had a diverse mix of exhibits. Not too many pieces that you get overwhelmed. There is a cafe downstairs and it's right next to the Museum of Natural History, which also has free admission. Parking lot was $4.00 (as it's on University property). Enjoyed visit here.
This beautiful museum and galleries is world class. The displays change frequently and bring the art from around the globe. It's free, but of course, donations are welcome. Great place for a date. Open house events for students are usually on Thursday nites. Free art films, related talks, tours with docents are available too.
Huge museum show case of Asian/African Art
