An easy-to-find, unforgettable, aging gem in downtown Gainesville. Caught a Sunday afternoon performance of "Good People", a 2011 play by David Lindsay-Abaire.  As good as the Arena Stage (DC) production we saw last year, but at one-third the ticket price and better seats all-round. We even exchanged a bit of chaff with several of the cast whom we met on the street afterwards.
This place is classic. It tops the charts because there's no other place in town that can compete with it. It's a historical landmark, for pete's sake! But seriously, every show I've been to there has been out of this world, AND cheap.
Neat theatre in Gainesville. They play indie movies and usually have ongoing plays performing. My experiences in the Hipp have only been in their movie theatre. My first time was during the flex film fest. The theatre was small but cozy. All of the seats were taken so my friends and I all sat/reclined on the floor. Picture quality and sound were pretty good. The second time at the Hipp, I saw "Troll 2", often heralded as the best worst movie of all time, only this time I was able to get a seat. The movie was as expected, the best worst movie I have ever seen. The chairs were comfy and and they sell wine and beer which is always a nice perk.   Tickets are cheap, even cheaper if you're a student. Get there early if you want a seat and check their website to stay up to date on their shows.
Hard to believe this little place is really in Gainesville.  We have been going, on a subscription, for almost three years now and only one production was a clunker (Dracula if you must know). The theater is intimate yet professional, with lighting and sound capabilities which put larger theaters to shame.  But the staging is magnificent ... possibly better than any Broadway or West End production, on a consistent basis.  It is amazing what they can do with that stage and how the entire theater transforms itself into a different venue for every production. And the acting retinue is as superb as it gets.  Loaded with theater educators (two universities in town), advanced students and a very competent handful of Equity talent who pass through, there has never, ever, been any personal performance which was below a 9 on the scale (not Yelp's 1-5 scale, but the usual 1-10), and the 9s are few and far between. And the house staff i actually over competent.  They treat us season ticket holders like last century, and that is a good thing.  Forget your tickets? no problem, they can quickly verify and give you passes.  End up being out of town on "your" night?  no problem, when do you want to come and we'll hold the new tickets at the front door.  Fast, friendly, flexible, efficient and probably a few more superlative adjectives. Can't believe they do not fill the house for every performance. So go, you can get seats.
It was V-day, I was in G-ville with my boy, and we were looking for something cool to do post-dinner.  We asked the lovely hostess at The Top if there were any cool indie theatres around, and she sent us in the direction of the Hippodrome.  And a great recommendation it was! In addition to the one movie that was playing, there was a special Valentine's poetry reading taking place; we opted for the movie instead.  It certainly wasn't a loooove movie (as it was called "The Pope's Toilet"), but it was a good movie, an entertaining movie.  The theatre itself is cozy,  but cool. We didn't get anything from the snack bar, but I noticed that people had alcohol and fresh cookies, and what else can you want with your movie really?  Plus it's cheap, at only $7/ticket (less for students).  We don't have any theatre this cool in Boston.
The Hippodrome is a Gainesville historic landmark.  I have been to many events here, such as independent films, great plays, art gallery openings,  and even hosted a fashion show here in the cinema room.  They have done nothing but been extremely supporting of the arts.  Parking can be tough, but if you live in Gainesville, you have to go here at least once for the experience.   A great cultural outlet for such a small town.  A great chance to dress up and go on a date with beautiful scenery.  Being here, you would think that you were in the big city.
We arrived tonight just before curtain call and they would not sell us tickets.  I am disappointed in their customer service as they continued to sear other clients who had tickets. Just saying it only would have taken 3 minutes to sell us tickets.
The Hipp is one of Gainesville's cultural centers, offering independent films and live action plays/musicals. All of the plays and musicals are allways well produced, directed and performed.  The setting is very intimate because of the stage setting -- you almost feel part of the performance (don't worry!  they won't single you out and objectify you like a comedy club! :-) ). The movie theatre is small but they show films you wouldn't find anywhere else in town.  There's a bar right outside the theatre where you can get coffee, sodas or alcoholic beverages. Additionally there is a small gallery with rotating artists displaying their art. Whether you're in Gainesville for a day or if you've moved here permanently you need to go to the Hippodrome.
I've been used to the larger Chicago or New York venues. When I first walked into the HIPP I was skeptical. But the HIPP has won me over. There's not a bad seat in the house. You can get very good deals from time to time. Anyways, just wanted to give a big thumbs up to the HIPP. If you live in Gainesville and haven't been here you should go, and if your coming into town to visit give it a try. Now I can't be responsible for the play you see (so pick wisely) but the HIPP itself is a WINNER !
I went to the Hippodrome in June to see the Great American Trailer Park musical. The musical was really funny in itself, but the actual content of the show was not what I was enamored by afterwords. I fell in love with the hippodrome. I just love the idea, for one, of actually making use of such a great historic landmark in Gainesville in such a fun way. They could've done something boring with it, like make it into a museum that history buffs and students doing research might attend once in awhile. However, instead they did something great with it so that you can enjoy a piece of history and some beautiful architecture without really seeking it out. The staff was nice, and the hippodrome is really easy to find - which are both really important for central locations like this. But really, the inside of the theatre is beautiful. It's the perfect size, I had seats at the side of the theatre and noticed that I still had a really clear view, and that it looked like in every row you could possibly be in we still would've had a pretty good view of the musical. Definitely no opera glasses necessary here. I would love to see a concert or movie in this place, and I'll make sure to visit again the next time I am in the area. I really could not stop talking about it when I left. I loved the bathrooms, and the molding in the hall ways, and the lighting in the theatre, and the shape of the stage, and the pillars outside. Seriously, I just loved this theatre. If I live in Gainesville it would be the first movie theatre listing I'd check whenever I planned on going out to see something, just because I love the space so much. The concessions were a little crazy, but like all good things it was worth the wait.
What a weird little movie theater.   Worth going to this hybrid real theater/movie theater for a movie due to their interesting selections and decent prices.  The movie theater itself is tiny.. not kind of tiny... REALY tiny.  The sound was bad.... REALLY BAD.  The seats were comfy and the projection was good however.  The snack bar also was a bit rough with surly service and weird tasting popcorn.  The strangest thing was the ticket taker/usher lady sat down in the middle of the floor to watch the movie once it started.  VERY STRANGE.
The Hipp is one of my favorite places to be in Gainesville. Located right in the heart of down town by Maude's and Starbucks its a historic building which has been converted to a theater and cinema. I've not seen a bad show in the Hipp, I've seen some that are better but they always pretty good. The theater is upstairs and there is not a bad seat in the house. Its almost a theater in the round, that would, I suppose, make it a theater in the U.  You always feel like you're part of the action in there intimate off-Broadway plays.   The cinema plays films that you can otherwise not see in town, mostly indie and foriegn films. The building also hosts a bar that allows you to bring a cocktail into the theater or cinema and there is an art gallery that houses rotating painting and pictures by local artists.
The stage productions I've seen have been sort of rubbish, but they always get good movies. Extra points for having a bar. I just remembered I had my first kiss here during a screening of Donnie Darko Director's Cut. Huh.
Great place for a movie (indy) and really good black box theater. If you are on a budget, and want a drink, I'd suggest going to the pool hall next door for a cheap beer rather than the expensive prices they charge for their drinks at the Hipp.
The Hippodrome is one of those places that makes you glad you live in Gainesville. The movies are always interesting, the seats are comfortable, and you can enjoy a drink from the bar with your show. The plays are creative and original (except for over the holidays when they stick with the standbys - please no more Tuna Christmas!) and I am always amazed we have such professional acting talent in our little town.
