I love this place!!! There is usually great live music... NO COVER! The beer selection is good. And Rich, behind the bar is pretty cool. Give them a try, you'll love it!
The Bull is a nice little bar that I discovered last night. There is nothing extraordinary about this bar, but I did have a good time. They only serve beer and wine, so don't come here looking for a cocktail. With that said, there was a jazz quartet playing, which really set the mood. Tons of loyal patrons who were known by name stopped in, and the bar was packed by 11. It's a fun place! If you sit at the bar, be prepared to look at dozens of collected butterflies in the glass...I didn't find that appetizing, but hey, you might.
Honestly, I just had the worst experience I have ever had in a bar, and I am 30 years old: Upon sitting down at the bar to hear some jazz, my boyfriend and I waited at least five minutes for a bartender to appear. Finally, I asked the girl next to me, " so, is there a bartender?" She says, " yeah. It's Rich. I'll go get him for you." A minute later, in walks Rich, and not only did he talk to us like we were scum of some kind, but he rolled his eyes when I asked to see a wine list. Needless to say, we got up and left. I guess that's what we get for interrupting his cigarette. The Bull was going to be my new favorite place. But I will never go back. They must not want my money if their bartender is allowed to be that big of a prick.
Really liked the casual but classy vibe of The Bull. The bartenders are super friendly and the drinks are pretty good. Nice place, would definitely go there again.
This is a pretty cool little bar. I went here with a friend on a weeknight after dinner for a drink. There was a bit of a crowd but nothing jam-packed. The servers were cool and got us drinks quick. They had some decent local brews too. Has a nice casual/vintage feel. Not much else to say..worth checking out for some relaxing drinks!
Not quite sure how I'm the first person to write a review on The Bull but this place rocks. Period. Located in the heart of downtown, The Bull is a brand new cafe/bar that serves organic coffee and bagels in the AM and a decent selection of beers and wine in the PM. I've been both during the afternoon and at night. This is a good place to study in the day-- the tables are quite big so you can sprawl out and the coffee is delicious. The bartenders have always been pleasant and make suggestions if you ask. On certain nights, DJs spin and it's a pretty chill place to grab a drink or stay for a few. It's a must visit!
The Bull is homey and adorable, and completely lacking pretension.  Above all, the atmosphere reels me in.  At night, it is a beer and wine bar.  But, during the daytime, it is a place to sip coffee or tea and daydream.  The baristas are patient and friendly, and will help you with your order and make suggestions. Their bagel sandwiches are quite popular, and the menu has some elaborate bagel offerings.  We will definitely be stopping back by soon for brunch.
The Bull is a really great bar and (during the day) a nice study space. The beers on tap are always amazing, and between 5 and 9 ever day they actually have $1 off draft beers and wine. There's also a great bottled beer selection. The servers are crazy knowledgeable about beer and wine, and also get drinks quickly (even when it gets busy because there's a show going on). They have coffee, tea, and free wifi, so it makes a great place to do work (especially if you want a beer option later in the day). They also have a great selection of life music (with no cover!), and often bring people in from out of town. The open mics on Thursday are great, and occasionally they have a stand-up comedy open mic on Monday, which is always really fun. Also, the space is really cool, and they rotate work from local artists. The bartenders also have rotating comic book runs in the display case that you can read, which is an awesome idea. Definitely check it out if you have a chance.
A grown up bar!  I've been to the Bull a couple times and it's my new go-to place to meet friends for drinks.  You can grab a drink, catch up and not be overwhelmed by the sound system or drunk undergrads clamoring for the bar.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and they have a nice selection of wines. The atmosphere is relaxed and fun.  If you want a quiet drink, go on a weekday or earlier on the weekend.  For groups, go later on a Saturday.   Short story: When you want to catch up with a friend in town from a big city, take them here.
Awesome service, amazing coffee and great food. I always get a BLT on a bagel, and it's always made perfectly and tastes great. The atmosphere is probably one of the best in town: big windows, big tables (which forces you to make friends) and rotating local art. I don't drink alcohol, so I can't speak for the beer/wine selection, but from what I've heard it's great as well. I go here at least 3 times a week. You should, too.
I don't know if I want to describe The Bull as pretentious or charming. It's not really my thing. The prices are too high and the crowd is dull. Great selection of food, drinks, and coffee products though. If you're a snobby arts grad student, a young-achieving assistant professor, or part of the local literati - you'll love this place. Otherwise you're better off drinkin' alone.
I guess I don't really get it. I came in here with a couple of friends for a different happy hour location. As I recall they didn't really have much of a happy hour...in fact there were people in here studying. The atmosphere was cute, reminded me of some places in Savannah. Got a chicken salad on a bagel. The bagel was VERY good but that had to be some of the blandest chicken salad I've ever had. Beer selection for the area isn't great (almost everywhere there's beer in town they carry swamphead, ok Gainesville?...it's kind of a given now). Guess I need to try one of their exotic bagel specials, but as a bar I just don't get what all the hype is about.
My hubby & I have gone to The Bull several times. They have a nice beer & wine selection; the atmosphere is sophisticated but not pretentious; and the crowd is a friendly one, including the owners and bartenders we've met. Music nights are fun too. Sometimes it's just someone playing the piano; other times, people bring in their own instruments and join in. Check out The Bull the next time you're downtown. It's a nice place to unwind!
I can't say enough good things about The Bull--the folks who work here are always friendly and knowledgable, and make sure it's a terrific evening whether you're a group of 2 or 20. Unlike pretty much every other bar save Alcove, it's well lit, calm enough to have a conversation, and simply a welcome addition to downtown Gainesville--a bar for adults in a town with too few of them. Oh, and the beverage selection is generous and in fairly brisk rotation, with terrific specials.
I wish I could give this place ten stars out five. Seriously one of the best beer bars I've been to, anywhere. Lots of friendly interaction going on, knowledgeable and kind bartenders, perfect lighting, quirky decorations, adequate and comfortable seating (both at the bar and the tables), and the bathroom is really clean and huge (I like big WCs for some reason). Both of the times I've been, they've had different artwork on the walls. Not just some random artwork done by the manager's cool friend, but a really well thought out theme to match the vibe. Also, they have a nice collection of butterfly taxidermy on display under the glass bar. WIN!
This place reminds me of one of my favorite cafe/bar combos from my hometown.  I visited again recently and liked it even more.  I've never been before dark, but I've heard this place has great coffee and the spacious tables are perfect for spreading out and studying all day.  Unfortunately, The Bull can get pretty crowded pretty fast, but the baristas are knowledgeable (I've had great wine recommendations each time I've visited) and the beer and wine selection is excellent.  I also appreciate the decor: unique, but tasteful and simple...not trying too hard like some Gainesville establishments (cough cough, The Top, cough cough).
This is a great place to grab a beer and talk to a friend.  Yep, you can actually hear pretty well in this place.  The crowd seemed to be late 20s and 30s.  Girls, you may be hit on with some interesting pickup lines like "you girls look like pharmaceutical reps."  It was a bit odd.  Service is great and the atmosphere is pretty chill.
Its uniqueness lies in its combination of the coffee bar and beer bar.  You can go there in the morning for an espresso and read the paper, or go on a Friday night to hang out with a beer.  It's one of those places where the employees hang out even when they're not on shift because it's just an enjoyable place to be.
Wow - I didn't know this place existed, but a friend brought me here a few weeks back and I was floored. Excellent (though minimal) draft beer selection, amazingly beautiful bar (with glass panels for housing small objets d'art). They seem like equal parts beer bar and wine bar. Artwork and general decor was tops, staff was super friendly and the entire vibe is verrry laid back, totally conducive to holding a conversation and just mellowing out. The night we went, some DJ was spinning some sweet dancehall jams most of the night - I also read something about a Tom Waits night they held recently. I think there's some good and interesting variety there.  After a few pints, I realized they have some lovely baked desserts, and paired a chocolate muffin with my Swamp Head Midnight Oil which was devine. I definitely can't wait to go back soon.
I stopped in for a snack and a beer and had the best strawberry and goat cheese bagel, topped off with a springboard was delicious!
Ultimately, the Bull is one of my favorite bars in Gainesville. Their beer selection is solid, but not as extensive as a place like Stubbies or Alcove. During the day, the Bull is a fantastic place to bring some friends, study, or even wind down by yourself and read a book. Their open faced bagel sandwiches are superb and scores points in my book for having solid vegan options. The staff is always super friendly and seem to enjoy some intellectual bar conversation. The interior is welcoming, nicely decorated, and has a DC/NYC feel to it. I will have to say that there have been a few nights toward the end of the week were I was expecting a lot more people to be there, yet, experienced a lack of energy inside. There always seems to be missing something when I go. Nevertheless, I love the bar and would definitely recommend it to anyone.
Haven't gone at night yet, only visited as a new coffee shop in town. Great atmosphere/decor and friendly feel, but I've had much better coffee. Would definitely suggest Volta around the corner if you're looking for good coffee. Pastries were great, though, with a wide variety of appetizers/snacks. Looked like they had a good beer selection, but I only tried the coffee. Would definitely go for the atmosphere though.
I love this place,,, I may have put on a few extra pounds from eating there ( the bagels are great )the food is soooo good and a great atmosphere as well. They are doin' it right!!!
Cool atmosphere if you want to hang out for a little while, but they don't have very good coffee options (though they do have several delicious teas). Doesn't seem to have a lot going on, but I've only popped in a couple of times.
My friend Justin and I stopped by here tonight and it was just as wonderful as everyone had told me it would be: in a small but comfortable space that had been a hair salon not long ago, The Bull is a coffeehouse and bar providing a great, low-key atmosphere. They had a band quite like the Gypsy Kings playing mellow Spanish music and the bartenders are friendly and exceedingly prompt. The decorations and lighting are innovative and make the best use of the small interior while the bar itself--taking up the entire west side of the main room--is an artful work and figures and curios of bulls placed here and there carry forth the bar's namesake theme. The only reason I cannot give them five stars is because despite functioning more or less as a bar at night, they only serve beer and wine. It's a space that would be perfect for mixed drinks or bourbon and branch water, but so far only wine and beer. Still, one of the most relaxing and engaging bars in Gainesville.
Met a friend here for some Sunday night pints and had a great time.  They have some good beers on tap (Swamphead and Arrogant Bastard) and the bartender Rich was friendly and informative.  They had a Dj playing a good eclectic mix of tunes (old acid jazz + southern blues) so the vibe was mellow.  Will definitely be back to chill!
Great new bar in town.  Has a cool large bar.  Live music shows in small settings.  Small selection but good quality all around.  Also is good for sitting throughout the day drinking coffee or tea.   Cool night scene.  The bar seems cater to different types of people.  One of my new favorite business's in Gainesville.
This is a great spot.  The beer and wine selection is quite nice, the staff is wonderful, and some nights they have live music.
